1 original (srorrcsfytmsntre. if 'he was. Namely, our opinion with those of sar-, , t'orruspoiilu.iH.-Eu.l 'Mr. BURROWES AND THE council , CHRONICLE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE COLONIAL TIMES. t , June 19 1855. i'?"Sir,-Anil -so, I have been honored by a whole \- citizen in' 'the Church of hand-sewn on green. land in that most evil bent repertory of scales an Scotland theological lore; and the disply learned gentleman who doth the editing thereof has 'made decided to not been country parson, I who, in the crown of his fellows, has hitherto waiters the world's notice whilst labouring in the ministry o.uniiiiitid to his charge. Yes I draw hair-cut, turned on Win the full glare of b¡-.\ditoiiul Hart, and examined him with all his primroses, beat gunmen, us a new speedwell theological industries ily. I rely, I know not well whether I shou d cent per myself honored by a voice we all have asked me with the great, a man of his day, one who exercised no small influence in our English Reformation, and in theory ilnttuuofoui church formula his or writhe under such a well-in the ded castigation But in this latter vi iv, being wanting in that which only could have given It sling, namely, a little truth, t In a rule has passed hair will stay over me. I say not that is deficient in moral, but in metaphysical truth, the Fund of which though it may not injure the utter r, is as dangerously defeated Essex pressed with the most malicious iiiLeutmu. The ugh not presuming to compete with the central In editor of the Chair meet in the deep le church which he his di played in it being his U vuume doctrines built some half di am Fathers of early church yet, without pri sumption, I waylay claim to a little common s usual are well in which he manifestly supposes his readers to be totally either sent He liuligiiuittly inquires, What is Humanism?" and, as the men or of St era he returns answer to himself, ' Really it is difficult houses days to know what Romanism 1,.' A candid admission of ignorance, such as might be expected from a man who had never taken the trouble of examining the subject , but, not such as might be expected from one who had signed his unfeigned assent and consent to the article! and the in gaol the Church of England d. It is such as might be expected from a man who had de led the protestant character of the church in which he ministers , but not such as should be given by one who had, with us not far s ry ation duri health the Church of Rome bath e ted not any in th in living and manner of ceremonious, but also in matters' of funk li is such as, might be expected From one who was determined to six a bt guia on an opponent whom he was detenue c i to clear ? but whom he felt utterly unable to overcome by this tree of truth and reason. I am twitted therefore with having called " Baptismal Regeneration a popish fluctuate,' and by a figure of speech known to be unleaded, at of throwing dust in their eyes, -a kn do logical induction in which the waters of the canonical appear anxious tested It is attempts 1 To Tumen on me a denial of all the land 114. mul doctrines of Christianity as it they win in alike de grey popish. Is it possible that any in 11 professing to write for pu' lie instruction can be so grossly ignorant I shall not say dishonest as to our . to and a merely speculative inquiry with the fundamental truth in which our salvation ie goods ? But I feel called on to give some explanation of the expression for we Feb I was publicly re. proved before my brethren in the ministry, will -not being allowed that liberty of speech, which has been promised and of the faith of which we had assembled, to explain my well, and that, although ina, expression arose u led all in connexion with the subject in debate. 2\. Atthlsiarlitleinthe CAwmrfe,(outlaid on a garbled extract from the report of the meeting in the Chapter newspaper, attempts to justify the reproof and still further to fasten on me a charge of " licentiousness of tongue," and possibly of unsoundness in the v sit h. 1st. Asia The expression which elicited the reproof, and which 1 regretted almost so soon as Uttered it teamed to disturb the harmony of the meeting, although I afterwards till gratified, us it became an alter means of eliciting a duet previously hidden from our view, viz that however liberally and generously the laity should curse For ward for the maintenance of the clergy, yet the new articles of faith, on private judgment and baptismal register alien, concerning which man; of us had, on a former occasion, stteuuuu9|y protested, would be still exacted from every gun didate for a pulpit in the colony The expression was itself a belted by Mr Gaven Sort having sneeringly enquired, . whither >r Burrowes taught the children (he Catechism of the Council of Trent to which I replied, as reported having recollected at the moment, that in ill-timed epistle from the same gculluuMii in company with some half-dozen use e e, on the 11th ii of ot baptismal 1 regeneration, has been the cause of all the misunderstanding III the diocese. Now, considering this to it a purely a specula. live question, on which the highest audio, mes 111 the church differ, which even the Chrome t admits the church has not debited r and of which I say she neither uses the name nor tear lies the d. crime. I can see nothing irreverent in expressing my opinion of it, and cannot help thinking that the public reproof expressed on the occasion was built uncalled for and unmerited, and I have little. doubt but that the Bishop in his cooler moments has regretted the harshness which he put called to escape the lips of one who should be no brawler. Now, if I err on this subject, T mr in company with some of the greatest and best men of their day-with "Calvin, with the compilers of our liturgy and the fathers of these I) church-with Calvin, charged by the Chronicle with having first levered baptism and 1 generation, ' all though he-only distinguished them with ibu com. pliers of oar liturgy, who call him sm " a sign of regeneration,'' Art. xxvi, who have taught that a death unto sin a new birth unto righteous. less or at generation, is the inner part, or thing signified to baptism, (catechism,) and x have also taught us that Baptism,' by which name the new rd sign is almost invariably known, "Isa sure witness, and effectual sign <| grace, and God's good- will tow aids -us, article Xxv. and such are the doctrines of a church, which in faith pours forth her thanksgiving to Almighty God is who cloth those things which are not, although they were" Rum iv. 17 for the reception of those blessings for which she had asked in reliance an till pi amuses (hup sir,) as she likewise dues in the parallel, perhaps in the .etlebraiionet'the Eucharist No, indeed in faith separating the grain from the. age, but, far from conloutKWig them lest ihcuuhelievuig and the ungodly should rest in the outer sign to their eternal! des motion She prays for a spiritual,' 1 not biped man regí aeration, and in faith for it is the returns thmiki^aod'so in the Fmhar1.1t, she prays for the reef plan of the spiritual food of the body and blood of our I ord,' and after wards Kills thanks for such reception by the faithful recipients A and so, as we do not Miss the 'bread and w 10s to be the aphiiu.il/fuod prayed for, neither can we believe the water to him who was the Holy Spirit ta(b»pti»a», which must follow necessarily on the by pol basis of, baptismal regeneration , , 4 , , Again, aside the Connects. " the early this tUn writers use the terms as strictly convertible. ' now this I most absolutely deny for with all their deep reverence and respect for thn-nmtery of baptism, ,ihey'never.'«in higher terms in speaking of li, than as the sign of registrars too. . l'|is|~«ai| a aUiriutiw.f ardour famous. 'inn and many other excellent names. but such I Games are all with reference to the outward pri. ] vileges of the church, and not to the inner grace of regeneration which yet in death they supposed ever to be present, although in practice they had but too many proofs, that men have frequents) »eperated'thosu-whoin God hath joined But, what saith the Scripture ? If this he for us, who can be against us. Titus, in 7. is quoted as decisive. a The layer of regeneration" is declared to be an assertion of li.ipt'sm.il re generation. Now, if so, we must bid farewell to all precision in 'language for we have but to try The expressions by the common rule, whether the terms to convertible? And moreover the epistle odds the renewing of the Holy) Ghost.". which is as strictly the eternal re. generation," for Which we pray, as the Liver or washing in the ""the reign of our admission i hm etc, and H Tivoli, at reasoning brings, we can- not otherwise contemplate, unless. indeed, we put man altogether in the place of God. Our Lum',, expression, J Jin iii. v. 5, is also pushed into the arguments, either h, In this place it is expressly applied to "Thebarton born from above," which 1, compared to the blowing of the world you cannot tell whence it cometh and whither it goeth ! to which our Lord, in the rivers and water baptism in the outer edge of that which he had just termed indispensible. In conclusion, I must say that, holding the sacrament of baptism to be no less indispensible then in that of the Lord's supper, as they are both ordinances of our Lord; yet. seeing that baptismal regeneration so called, is not taught by the Church to which I belong, nor by the Fathers, either of the reformation or the ancient church ; and above all, it is not to he traced in the holy scriptures, am I to be reproved for asserting that it is a figment of the powers of darkness, and one on which if our souls depend, they in no inevitably led on to destruction? -I remain, yours, Sec., J. BURROWES 