STEAM COMMFNIC\TLJ.N WITH ENGLAND. Judging from the large number of questions and suggestions which, in various shapes, have recently engaged the attention of the 1 nglish press on the subject of Mail Communication with these colonies, it would appear that the mercantile community at home are wisely of opinion, that a well arranged and efficient postal establishment, f.r the, connexion of the two countries, is of quite1 as much importance and advantage to themselves as to us. And it is from the earnest feeling which prevails in Eng land, that the Home Government should extend the most liberal .-upport to the colonies for the furtherance of the undertaking, that we are led to hope no delay or obstacle will be allowed to retard the prompt carrying out of the arrange ments submitted to the Imperial authority by the Victoria Government. The following article on this important subject, with the accompanying letter from the Manager of the Bank of South Australia, is from the Leader of the 27th January. POSTAL SELL VICE IX AUSTRALIA. The subjoined challenge ought to arouse attention and endeavour in the Australian colonies :— '• To the Editor of the Le.idek. "Sir—In a recent number of your journal, you expressed the opinion, that if the colonists* of Australia wanted steam communication with this country, they must not look too much for assistance, hut take the initiative for themselves, and .-trenuously endeavour to settle this question upon a principle worthy of the importance of their position ami the future whi.-h is liefor, diem. "This view ■ tiic cae-, 1 am happy to inform you, is now largely concurred in i«y those in England who have inter ested i hen. wives in tile que-;;,.a. fa- thoy arc convinced ih.ut it car. iic bettor lie-idecl. to [.lease the various hit v-sts con cerned. by the local authentic-, than hv the magnates of itouniug—tree!, who only pro a wl upon official reports. ,>r tie- partisans el' rival steam companies, who onlv have in view r!i<\- subsidy gran', d by the (iovcianncnt. And mhvIv. Sir. this i; tile mosc reason.ihh- wav of treating the cclonie's. It is their question as inn-h as it is that of this country; th,-y have the best information as to their peculiar wants; tueyhave wcai!';, steamers, experienced commanders, and tile whole of the machinery He essary to or.anise a powerful and effective service. It may lie that jealousies and differ- i eneus of opinion may arise between the various colonies, but 1 leave as much faith in their being amicably arranged bv the advocates concerned at the antipodes, as by capitalists on the Stock Exchange or elsewhere in England. i •'Be tins, however, as it may, the colonists of Australia > are entitled to legislate for themselves on this subject. It is upwards of ten years since, in England, that steam was first proposed for these distant settlements, and what has been 1 done.- IVe have tried the route by the (.'ape, and failed! ! A\ e have left untried the route via Panama, and now, with a ' tightened money-market and a great European war, is not ' the time to lock upon it as practicable! Vfe have been j making experiments on the Indian line, which have been ' | abandoned because, it is said, of a positive loss of .£40,000 . per annum. j "-\uw. then, it is time to let the quest! si be considered iiy other parties, and the colonists. I know, will not -brink from their responsibilities, for they think it consistent with their | intelligence, their increasing importance, and their principles J "t self-government, that they should have such duties un p .yd up u thiiii But it is only natural, if I hey grant sub sidies to steamers already in tin* colonics, and devise in their respective Legislative Councils a line of communication which shall connect the colonics with one or both of the great steam routes belonging to the eastern or western hemis phere, that some portion of the postage should he conceded by the English Government, andthat their efforts should be met in a wise, liberal, and comprehensive spirit. "I am, Sir, your obedient servant, "William Plkuy." This letter is written by a man who perfectly under stands the subject, and is responsible for his st dements. As manag r of the Bank of .South Australia, Mr. Purely is in a position to observe and to state » ea-e with abso- ; lute independence ; and there is noth ng here that can b; gainsaid in the clonics of Australia. Attempts | have been made lately t > charge those settlements with I the overtrading which, by its reacti >n, threatens such | s a-ious inconvenience t0 our commerce ; but the charge j ! is incorrect. Trade and iiidu-try were disturbed in Australia ; the wnl- Upping was s i-pen le I, because I the shepherd preferred gokl-digging; farn labour | sto ) 1 still, and at one t me Adeiai 1" was almost do- ' sored ; while M' lbourue, a city of gintbl rs. exhibited i the extraordinary suburb of ('auvas Town. But speak- j ing generally, there was no "overtrading" there. The j exfvavagaui iv-overcalculated supplies were sent from j home; cotrou goods, ironmongery, slop-clothing, and; other cons:gnmcn-s, were sent in quantities, as if the j ii nii-sau.c riches of Australia wanted nothing but coats, waistcoats, and trousers, or tire-irons, or cotton prints ; and of course much was returned on hand. One item we may set down against Australia : this was the overtrading. 'I he charge for postage was a comparative trifle, but, as the service was a loss, it ought to have been borne at least in part bv the colonies. The difficulty which at once presents itself is the di verse v of interest and of view which prevails in the different Australian colonies ; but those differences are not greater than those which existed between the thirteen colonies of America when they agreed upon j the declaration of independence, and "what is more, upon the war of independence. Thev carried the day', I and succeeded in establ shing a republic. Cannot the | Australian colonies so far agree in action as to establish J a postal service P | The subjoined letter, extracted from the money article of the Times of January 17. suggests a new mail route to Australia, to remedy the incon venience which it was foreseen would arise from the withdrawal of the overland and other steam lines:— " Sir—The most direct, safe and speedymeans of reach ing Australia from this country seems to have been entirely overlooked. "If the overland route to India be followed as far as Aden, ami clipper sailing vessels be provided to run direct between Aden and Port Phillip, it would place Aus tralia within fifty or fifty-five days passage l'rom London, and bring the return of'post in about 110 days. " It will be seen on reference to a map, by following a line over land and sea via Paris, Mars All s, A1 xandria, and Suez, to Aden, that a passenger from England at the latter place would be nearly half tvay on his direct journey to Australia. As it is possible, by existing means of boat, ra'l, and road, to reach Aden on the 19th day from leaving London, allowing necessary time for rest and refreshment, it only becomes a question how soon the space of ocean i itervening between Aden and Port Phillip—say, 6,720 miles—can be traversed bv a sailing ship. Judging from antecedents, thirty to forty days would be a reasonable time to allow a fast vessel to effect this distance. "The employment of steam-vessels, instead of sailing ships, would reduce the whole time between London and Melbourne to about 43 days; but, looking to the difficulty of coaling, and the enormous expenses at tendant on steam navi at:on, it is doubtful if capitalists could be found to rake the risk of providing them, until the traffic an i other inducements could be clearly shown as sufficient to justify the experiment. "The L'ghtning, a clipper sailing vessel, has lately performed the distance from Port Phillip to Liverpool, via Cape Ilorn—13,760 miles—in 64 davs ; other ves sels, less celebrated, have run the same "track home in various periods under 75 days, while from SO to 100 days is the time usually occupied by vessels built to secure carrying capacity rather than'speed. We see shipowners eagerly contending for their respective vessels to be chosen as Post-office packets, guaranteeing, under penalty, to perform the passage from England To Po't Phillip—13,200 miles—within 65 days. We have repc ited instances of passages being made from New York and Boston to England—3,S00 miles—in from 12 to 15 days, and between other [daces of various distances apart passages have be n made with relative •speed. It is fair to assume, therefore, that winds being as favourable as those ordinarily met with by ships sailing over long distances, the ocean lying between Aden and Port Phillip can be crossed in the time stat-d. "The monsoons in the Indian Ocan, extending from the latitude of Aden to S deg. or 10 dog. S., blow ing always within a point or two of N.K. or S.W., ac cording to season, make a constant moderately favour able wind, so far as they extend, for vessels sailing either to or from Australia, taking Aden as the station flu arrival or departure. The winds prevailing fur: in r south in t: e Indian Ocean, and those of the Australian continent generally, do not present any difficulty to sailing either course, and it will bo admitted bv navi gators that the route proposed is free from most* of the dangers to be encountered in the English and Irish Channels and round Cape Horn, in the winter and spring months, where hard gal- s, ice, fogs, risk of collision, or le • shores ghost the way ui the long dreary nights. " Th" route proposed sh >ws a saving -n distance of 3,503 miles uv t tire one via he Cap- of Co.id Hope, or ' li a by way of Panama, and of 1,100 miles over the fate loute via Alien, Cevlou, Singapore, iec It "'ill al-o r.cconrnod tie the wh-le Euiopcan as well as the British traffic with the eo'onies. " Four -ailmg ve-se!s would be required to carry out a monthly coniuiu .ie.ition to and from Australia ;* also o.i? steam v- ssel to run between MarseilL s and Alex andria. and another b tween Suez and Aden (the navi gation of the lied Sea being difficult for sailing ships, owing to the winds prevalent th re), unless arrange ments could be made with the directors of companies whose steam vessels are now running on the stations referre ■ to. "A f w shipowners having eligible vessels, by form ing themselves into a company, taking shaves according to the value of their respective ships, or four or five capitalists, by joining in hiring the necessary tonnage, co Id p ace the matter in working order almost imme diately, as, four the a ivantages it offers to the public a-id promoter-, it would be found to rest on a sound commercial bas s. " I am. Sir, your mo«t obedient servant, "TIIO.MAS W. SWEET. 13, John-street, America-.-qu.trj." T?rn Age of Jorrtvai.ism.—At Unhurt Town. where there are r»/!:/ /!>■■■> newspapers, besides three puhli lied in the m igkb<mriug province of Launceston, soni" " spirited pripr et-rs" have announced a new lumin ivy under the thic of the lUiVy Tout *. Fhis in tense love of n-wspepers, which is certainly much to be admired, will doubtles-lv ere lone; create the neces sity for a llturhj Times, to satisfy the craving of our Ilohart Town friends for editorial manna, and if their app tite grow with being fed, as no doubt it will, we shall probably soon have announced to us some such contemporary as the Miiini/jht .\Ioo», the Morni/ip TicUhrht, or the I luff-Past Tirelre o' Clock Gazetteer, for our Tasmanian friends will never be able to endure the suspense of waiting from one morning to another for the ordinary diurnal feast of news. 