MELBOURNE. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) NOVEMBER 2sp, 1855 -The Sussex has arrived, bringing news to the 9th August. The principal items of intelligence were transmitted to Melbourne from Queenscliffe on Wednesday evening, and appeared, in the journals of the following day. The presence of smallpox on board the ship has led to her being placed under quarantine regulation, and the mails have not been delivered. The announcement was made in the afternoon of Wednesday that the mails " had gone to be fumigated," but they have not yet reached town. Without entering into the question of the Quarantine laws, it may surely be expected that the universal adoption of vaccination will soon render it princess sary to isolate the passengers or vessels in which a few cases of smallpox may have occurred. The Port Phillip Farmers' Society held their annual exhibition on Wednesday and Thursday. The Melbourne papers praise the exhibition u much as they can, but it was far from being what might have been expected. The Society- have secured on a fourteen years' lease, a piece of ground near Melbourne is a good situation. They have enclosed this, and fitted it up u a show-yards. The society's shown much spirit and intelligence, and their last years' show prepared people to expect something really good this year. There was much deserving of commendation exhibited, but there was proof that a much more general interest must be excited before the show will form even a fair illustration of the progress in agriculture which has already been made. Cereals were represented by one half-bagof wheat. This was certainly a beautiful sample, but it was in an obscure corner, and indicated the devotion of very little attention to this primary branch of agriculture. No other grain was exhibited. There were a few lots of potatoes. Five fleeces, huddled upon a shelf, illustrated the wool production of the colony. Half a dozen small coops contained the poultry. Six or seven baskets of butter, and as many of eggs, completed the show of produce. There was a good show of horses, though not so good a that of last year. There were some good animals among the dairy cattle and fat stock. There were a few pigs, generally fair, some of them excellent. Two or three pens contained the sheep, which were not remarkable. The most interesting part of the exhibition was that of farming implements,, and one could not but hope, when he turned from 'Che pitiful exhibition of produce to the regiment of ploughs, harrows, crushers, scarifiers, reaping, thrashing, and winnowing machines, that the day would yet come when the Port Phillip farmers would show more of what their skill and industry could gather from the soil. According to rule, the show was followed by a dinner, in the exhibition building, at which his Excellency was present. There was not much noticeable speaking. Sir Charles encouraged the farmers by remarks illustrative of the success which attends persevering exertion, and suggested, the cultivation of the cochineal insect in the event of the crops at present cultivated not coming, up to the expectation of the farmers. The nomination of candidates for the city took place on Tuesday. Mr. Hammill proposed, and Mr. D. S. Campbell seconded, Mr. Cre k shank. They addressed themselves particularly to Mr. Rae's opinion on the land question, representing, as far as the incessant interruptions of a determined and squatting crowd would permit, the superiority of a system of selling land to that of letting it for agricultural purposes. Mr. Rae was proposed by Mr. Nicholson, M.L.C., and seconded by Mr. Fawkner, M.L C. Mr. Nicholson would not identify himself with all Mr. Rae's opinions, but was confident that, if returned, he would prove a most useful representative. Mr. Fawkner we so decidedly opposed to Mr. Craik shank, that he would " rather vote for Mooney." Mr. Mooney intimated that he retired from the field, as the gentlemen to whom he trusted to nominate him had proved defaulters. Mr. Southwell was proposed by a Mr. Dwight, and seconded by himself, the individual who came forward to discharge this duty proving, on enquiry, to be "an infant. The candidates addressed the meeting, or rather attempted to do so. Mr. Cruikshank's remarks were continually interrupted, and Mr. Rae, though favourably heard, had obvious difficulty in recalling his. It is no doubt desirable that a representative of the people should possess the faculty of public speaking, but such is not the first requirement for his efficiency. Men like Mr. Cruikshank and Mr. Rae can state their views clearly and forcibly in the Chamber of Commerce. They could doubtless do so in the Legislative Council ; but it is asking too much of them to expect that they shall come forward on the hustings and address a miscellaneous crowd amidst constant and Unseemly interruptions from the audience before them, and their opponents beside them. It is a pity that they should be subjected to the mortification of failure is the attempt to do so. Everything should be done to encourage the best men to come forward as candidates for seats in the Legislature, and I believe many who would form most useful members are detained in private life from their reluctance to face the disagreeables of an election contest. The show of hands at the nomina- tion was all but unanimous for Rae. The poll takes place to- day, and there seems little reason to doubt the return of Mr. Rae. The Argus says Mr. Cruikshank has not the ghost of a chance." The Sabbath Observance, Society have come forward in a way calculated to interfere with Mr. Rae's success. They addressed to that gentleman certain queries as to his views on the Sabbath question, and have published his answer, with an appendix of criticisms on his ¡ opinions. The municipal elections are also in progress. There will be a contest in every ward but that for which Mr. E J. M. Smith has been returned. Municipal elections do not, however, excite a very wide interest. It is said Alderman Clowes will contest the mayoralty with Mr. J. T. Smith. The fancy ball of Thursday will help Mr. Smith. " LuciadiLammermoor was produced for the first time in this colony, at the Royal, last evening, with considerable success. Madame Sara Flower has not yet realized the expectations which have been formed. The audience was not so numerous as the first night of such an opera might have been expected to attract ; but this may be ascribed to the fatigues of the fancy ball, and to the conviction that the first night of an opera is not its beat. The Gas Company seem to be approaching the accomplishment of their object. The last contract for laying down pipes has been taken, and the contractor is bound to complete his operations in six weeks. If the consumers exert themselves in completing the communications, we may be supplied with, gas for Christmas. We have had the promise of Ac resumption of »t*suipostal'c«r*wuriicatioa with Serbia made to us by no less a person than tat PMaidenjt year Chamber of "- *"?*?» A G ' j? of Commerce, Mr. Hammill. At the weekly meeting of the committee of the Chamber, on Wednesday, that gentleman stated that he was in possession of information which he would make known at the monthly L meeting on Monday next, and' which would show that steam postal communication would be resumed at a much earlier period than was generally anticipated, and by vessels of such power as had not hitherto been tried' The "outside" public are very anxious to gain some inkling of the ways and means to the restoration of that grand desideratum a valuable postal service, thus indicated ; but it appears that they must wait, like good children, until Monday next, when the monthly general meeting will take place. We have had an upward movement in flour this week, and importers are now asking £45 per ton cash, the cargo price. We have had three arrivals from Chili-the George Henrich, the Wanga, and the Greyhound, to all 1100 tons. There is now, however, a brisk demand for the gold-fields, and to the face of the smallness of our stocks an upward movement in prices is inevitable. I have heard some well informed merchants express an opinion that £60 per ton will be reached before the harvest is available for my own part I doubt this. On the 30th June it was admitted ; on all hands that our stocks were equal to three months' consumption; since that date our imports of flour and wheat have amounted to 10,052 tons over our exports. The entire consumption of the colony is reckoned at 800 tons per week. Supposing that the months of July, August, and September to have exhausted the stocks to hand on the 30th June, we have the 9052 tons which have arrived since, for the supply of October November, and December, during which latter month some portions of the harvest are sure to be available for the mills. Thus, if these calculations are to be relied upon, and I believe they may be, we have just enough on hand to meet our wants until the close of the year, without a ton to spare. As to the prospects of additional sup Eties we are as much in the dark as ever, but we shall ever occasional shipments at all events. This state of affairs, however, very unsatisfactory, and we are likely to feel the effects of it in the high price of bread and the depression in trade until the harvest has regularly set in, and relieved as from our years of famine prices on the eve of plenty. 