iWusiic ; jft'ite arte; Cfte J3rama. AT HOME AND ABROAD. Prince of Wales Theatre.— One might with good reason have supposed that the great attraction at the Victoria, Avould have caused the usually well filled benches of this house to be deserted — but not so, for on several evenings during the week we found them crowded. Good and experienced management has been shewn in producing an entertainment of an opposite nature to that of " The Legitimate," now brought out so artistically by the great company in Pitt-street. The Opera of The Enchantress has been produced on a scale of splendour never surpassed in this colouy, and for the first time since the erection of this elegant structure, have it walls resounded with the characteristic and pleasing music of our greatest British composer. Madame Sara Flower as Stella, maintained her high position as a vocalist, on whom nature and art have lavished their richest treasures. And Mr. F. Howson as Ramir, 'gave evidence of his having studied" in the Italian school— his deep, rich voice being under the control of the strictest laws, and cultured by the best tuition. We are glad to find that Mr. J. Howson improves in both voice and acting. Mr. Rogers as Doctor Mathanasius, aided in giving success to the opera, and Mr. Stewart as the Duke D'Aquile , made us forget his vocal displays during his recent engagement at the Lyceum. This gentleman has a good voice, and it was not on this occasion sent foith without taste and discretion for its | guide. Beside the attraction of the opera, Rainer's Serenaders are engaged, and assist in filling the theatre with an audience who evidently appreciate musical talent. Royal Victoria Theatre. — Great houses have during the week witnessed the performances of the most popular actor of the age. Mr. Brooke has appeared as Sir Giles Overreach in a New Way to Pay Old Debts ; Master Walter , in the Hunch back1; The Stranger , in the -German translation of that name, and in the great play of Hamlet. Justice compels us to place his personations of the two foimer characters as. among the brightest gems of the modern stage. In conception \- and execution we have not seen them surpassed. We would make a few remarks relative to his Hamlet. " Now, although external and youthful grace do not make an actor, they materially assist him. Time with his harsh age-r-marks, and nature with her freaks have left furrows on the actor's brow, and somewhat inflated his manly form. The departure of youth had left him friendless — no, not friendless, for with him is genius , and noble triumph, the mind over the too, too, solid flesh of the body. If Mr. Brooke did not look Hamlet, we must confess, that he acted the character with an intelligence and originality that gave us the greatest satisfaction. Every sentence had its meaning — no slight matter, where so much is mystic, vague, indefinite, puzzling, and difficult, as was the problem before him — he solved it. The ideal beauties of the post became realities— -the Shakespsrian creation was no longer a myrh, perplexing alike the humble reader at the fireside of his homestead, and the student in his closet. The genius of this great artiste, irradiated with an intense and glowing light, the very soul (with her thoughts, motives, and passions,) of the hitherto dark, or at least, but dimly seen, Hamlet. We have seen a picture encrusted with dirt, and almost colourless — the restoring hand of ingenuity and skill has passed over it, and behold the original timely shine forth in pristine glory. The performances of Wednesdsy last strengthened us in an opinion — long since formed, on the vexed question of Hamlet'' s madness, and we wondered how blind such parties must be, who did not see that insanity was merely assumed for the nonce — " That an antic disposition was put'on." Text,JJand nonce, both support this idea. We regarcl Mr Brooke's Prince of Denmark as a valuable interpretation — because he eschews commonplace readings— turns thoughts into shapes, and by an understanding of his author presents before his audience the tangible — the positive, and the definite. Mr. Brooke is more than actor, he is a student. Mr. R. Younge as the Ghost, gave us no cause to change our opinion of his merits, as expressed by us last week : This, gentleman as an elocutionist, here is unrivalled ; as an actor he is truth itself. We. have seen both Miss Cathcart and Mrs. Guerin to greater advantage than in their dramatic readings of Ophelia and the Queen. The King of Mr Evans was certainly too erratic and juvenile. Professional gentlemen might profit by making a study of Mr. Lambert's Polonius. The Horatio of Mr. Holloway, was a firm, quiet, and efficient performance. We cannot say much for the gentlemen who personated the First Actor. Messrs. Maynard, and L. M'Gowan, were respectable as Rosencrantz and" Guilderstern,'- and the difficult part of Osric was placed in the keeping of Mr. H. T. Craven, and the result was successful. Mr. Heir's Laertes did not please us, nor do we expect it satisfied himself. He can do, and has done better things. The Grave Digger of Mr. Stephens was highly natural and humorous, and his fellow-worker, Mr. Bartlett, is a very useful member of the establishment. We would say to our numerous readers, lose not the opportunity of witnessing the masterly performances of Mr. 'Brooke, supported, as he is, by the strongest company out of England. This has been acknowledged by overflowing and fashionable audiences, among whom we can quote the names of their Honors, the Chief Justice, Mr, Justice Therry, Mr Justice Dickinson ; the Speaker of the Legislative Council, the Colonial Treasurer, the Postmaster-General, and Dr. Woolley, who have been repeated attendants. In noticing the Hunchback, as performed on Tuesday, we have already expressed our favourable opinion of Mrs. Charles Poole in the character of Helen , the lady greatly excels, and without at all detracting from the excellent performance of Miss Fanny Cathcart, we feel bound to acknowledge the very great impression made by Mrs. Poole when she performed with Mr. Rayner in the same piece. All who witnessed it will be free to confess the effect produced on that occasion, and we are- convinced the public will gladly respond to her future imper sonations after the departure of the present gifted artistes. New Music. — " The Crimea. — Messrs. H. Marsh and Co., have just published a composition bearing the above title ; the music by Mr. Frederick Ellard; the words by an old soldier, in honour of the heroes of the Crimea.. This decidedly is Mr. Ellard's chef-d'oeuvre, and Australia ought to be proud of having so talented a son. The composition opens andante sostenuto or rather as we should call it adagio with a sequence of extended harmonies in A flat, which convey the idea of the wind wafting a dirge to the fallen over the waters. This changes immediately to an imitation in F major, in perfect consequence and continuous to the end of the subject, which finishes in F major. The composition to this point bears the stamp of knowledge, but when it changes to the allegretto in A flat again, " Remote ' from France" we must confess our extreme delight. A man may write counterpoint very well according to the strict rules of music, but unless he is gifted with the genius of melody and composition it is of no avail, it is merely counterpoint by rule. We admit, however, that a genius of melody, no matter | how original his ideas is nothing without the aid of knowledge, which is counterpoint. Arguing from this we unhesitatingly pronounce Mr. Ellard to be a composer of no mean order. We must particularize especially one phrase where the words — " Is raised the menaced crescent pale" occurred : it is exceedingly good, as is the whole of the motive The Tempo deMarcia is martial ; and will have a good effect in the orchestra; it con tinued well up to the alternating between the tenor and the chorus " Oh ! ruthless Czar,") in C major ; and there we must agree with our contemporary The Sydney Morning Herald, and say that it appears complex and difficult. We. cannot help remarking that the peculiar construction of music to the words before this " Fierce and Fiercer Grows the Fray," which immediately precedes the. aforesaid alter- nation, is decidedly peculiar in its construction. It may not ! be very effe6tive at the first hearing, but it unquestionably improves upon acquaintance. The andante con expressions is j pretty, but, we think, somewhat common-place, and wants more working up towards the Vivace, Finale. Taken as a whole it is a composition of much merit, and we repeat, that Australia has every reason to be proud of her son, whose work, we are confident will be recognized in all musical circles abroad and at home. It is admirably got up by Messrs. i H., Marsh and Co., and certainly, (irrespective of the charitable ; motive for which it was composed, namely, for aiding the fund to assist the widows and orphans of the dead heroes,) . deserves the most extensive patronage. . I Fancy. Dress Ball.— A Fancy Dress Ball is to be given at the Argyle Rooms, King-street, opposite the Supreme . Court, , on Monday evening next, for the benefit of the proprietor,- Mr. Charles Wakefield, on which occasion the Ball-room will : be re-decorated in a most elegant style. We trust that the proprietor will meet with due support, as we hear that this is to be one of the most elegant fetes ever given in Sydney ; the j band will be composed oi first rate artists, and every, accom- i: modation will be provided for the guests. When it is ire- ! membered how Mr. Wakefield was a short time ago victimised ; by one of the detectives, and mulcted in the sum of £30 and costs, we are sure our good citizens will not be short coming on this occasion. 