Journeymen Printers. — From high to low, they are the same careless, light- hearted, clever, well-informed, reckless fellows — knowing how to act better than they do — nothing at tim°s, yet everthing if occasion requires, or tho fit takes them. Wherever- you go, you are certain to meet one. No sooner are they comfortable in one toivn, than they make tracts for another. And what will they not turn their hand to ? W e have seen, says an American editor, one and the same individual of the craft a minister in Carolina, a boatman on the Western Canal, a lawyer in Missouri, a sheriff in Ohio, a sailing master of a privateer, an auctioneer in New York, aud a pressman in a garret printing-office ! Nor are these the characteristics of the printers of any one country — they' are everywhere the same. We have met them as lecturers', actors, travelling preachers, ventriloquists — in fact as everything. W e have met on tramp in this country members of this roving profession, from all quarters of the globe — Frenchmen, Spaniards, Portuguese, Germans, and Swedes — and all ap parently as much at home as if in -their own country. Ardent lovers of liberty, king-craft and priest-craft find but small favor in their eyes. When the Chartist excitement was raging in England, the most- eloquent leaders of the move ment were printers. When the barricades were raised in Paris, in 1848, the compositors cast their types into bullets and fired them at the Royalist troops. When the Americans were at war with Mexico, half General Taylor's regiment was composed of volunteer printers, and they were the bravest of his troops. Comfort. — The towns iu Italy have a much more civilised aspect than those of France ; they all possess foothpatlis ; the shops are as rich, and the houses better. The climate is certainly very delicious, but there is not so much delight in it as travellers tell us. This I am certain of, that the sensation of comfort which can only exist in a cold climate, more than counterbalances the most luxurious relaxation of the Italian air. You cannot conceive how I enjoyed the first piercing night on the Tyrolese Alps, when I found myself wrapped up between two feather beds; and if the animal enjoyment of both these sensations is equal, ours possesses this political advantage over theirs, that, being only possessed by those persons who are in easy circumstances, it engenders industry; whereas their?, being ?within the reach of everybody, begets indolence. In truth, labor is incompatible with the enjoy ment of it. Not so with ours — it is not only acquired by labor, but may be enjoyed in the very act of labor. — Curran. Daring and Responsibility. — How ago can unnerve a man! aud what a vast difference there is between physical aDd moral courage! Men who despised ' death and laced every danger in tho battle-field, have been known to run away from a rat; they call that cowardice by the name of antipathy. It is now many years ago that a midshipman, ono of those dare-devil boys whose nerves were strung to any danger, mounted the cross on the top of St. Peter's, and actually stood erect upon it. A gust of wind might bave hurled him head long to inevitable death; but there he stood in spite of the giddy height, aud afterwards descended in perfect safety, leaving his hand kerchief as a record of his daring; there was no pickpocket of the church or tho Corso bold enough to take that. This midshipman rose through the different grades of the service, performing many and many a gallant action — for few men saw more fighting, and none ex hibited more courage — until lie bccame an admiral. The peace had changed his life from scenes of activity and danger to domestic quiet and a wife: but he still sighed for em ployment; and at last, as the garden of Eden, the Admiralty, had exhausted the standard fruits, this ga'lant, excellent, kind, and brave officer acquired a command. Tho war broke out; there was no man more forward, no man more eager to face the enemy, and, in con junction with some ships of our ally, he ap peared off a Prussian port. There lay two frigates of the enemy, the fortifications were not very imposing, the place was reconnoitred, aud it was resolved to attack ii. Now came the necessity of moral courage; the physical had been beyond doubt. He was the com mander-in-chief of the station; he might fail; his ships might be crippled by the batteries, or sunk, for anything may occur in war, and ' then our trade might have severely buffered. At this moment he had no resolution; he had neither the requisite courage to i'ace the danger, nor withdraw from it; and ho com mitted suicide the very night before the at tempt was to be made. One would suppose that, at any rate, he would have made the attack; and there was plenty of time, if he failed, to commit the rash act, if he feared I that bugbear, 'responsibility.' Aud he is not alone. Many officers — Collingwood, for instance— as brave as a lion in the fight, are more afraid of ' responsibility' than a child of a ghost. — My Travels, by Captain Cha mier. 