GOOD FRIDAY. - To-uorrow being Good Friday no 0 peC will be publised. Satrday's paper will contain a summary for tranamission by the Pacific. Single copies Gd., or 4s. per dozen. THE TH?ATxRE-L.St evening MIr Coppin took his benefit on which occasion the play of Iamlet was perform-d. The Hamlet of Mr Brooke was a fie piece of atin;. showing a most thorough appreciation of this difficult character. In the ghost sene and also in the scene with the ueen where Polonius is killed. ir Brooke's pee forming was nom-t powerful and touching. Mliss Cathart, as Ohelia. acted with comiderable talent, and rendered the character with much grace. Mr Younge took the paste of the King. and also that of the Ghosl to which he did ample jutice. The Polcnius o. [r Coppin is deserving of every cor.nrmndatio The house was exceedingly well attended. Ir Brooke's benefit is fixed for this erening, when he takes the role of O'Callaghan in "His Las Legs." lIr B-ooke is said to excel quite as much in cmedy as he does in tragedy. O Callag~Ih will be a fair sample ofhis power in the comic line. GEELOrG RIFLE CORoPS.-fn our notice of the nomination of an adjutant for the corps, which appeared in Wednesday's paper. a typographical error was made with respect tothenumberof votes which each of the three candidates obtained. The candidates were Mr Layrd. Mr Fleming. and 1Mr Blumish ; and there were I23 members of the corps resent.2) of whom exercised their rightof vosonc ''e result of the ballot was. that for rr Lae seven votes were given, for Mr Fleming 7, and for S;r Bltmtish I GEE ON 0KG OD WESTE DrSTRICT carI CULTU?RnAL AD HOaRICULTUa AL So CIETY.-At a meeting of the Committee of the GesrIaon and Western listriet Agriculturl and orticltual Society, on Tuesday last, it was decided that the Sodety's first ploging match should be held in the Barrahocl Hills Distrt on Friday. 18tIsh MIay. and that the folown rizes should be awarded:- Ploughing ith orse draught twoborsesIstprize, c10; 2nd, 7; 3rd, £4. With bullock draughet Lt prize. £81 ;nd. £4; each top ough half an acre, dthe bullock pIou,?hs to commence at half-past 10 o'clock the horses at Ii o'clock, ad to finish before 3 o'clock. A prize of t5 willalsobe awarded for the best hoe team o the the ground. The time for receiving offers of land for the march to be held on is extended to 18th inst, when the locality chosen will be made known. The Society also offers a prize for the best managed farm of not less than 50 acres. Intendisng cmpetito-. mei Ieroxofiha Ron ar O hjr r'iseiir difi 'Rf,€&"7I May next, that judges may e appointed to visit thefarmsat different times during the yeor It was announced at this meeting that the exhibitions for stock, fritso, egetables, &c;, should be fixed at the commitee's nextmeti [ADvrRTIS3tE-rsE .J --l e are requested to call attentionto the sale to be held this day, in Iercer-street, at 12 o'clock. by George Wrightr This affords a good oppormunity of securing a well epontoned allotnent m in? awteet which is dally mbecmng more frequented, and as there are but few cat pieces of land now in the market in this locaity to-day's e deserves are ti 