\- QUEEN'S THEATRE. Prestige carries public opinion along with it, and the man who, with an established reputation, chal lenges criticism, need have but small fear of success. It was thus that MrG. V.Brooke appea'edupon the Australian boards, and though we are not for ono moment even imagining such a heresy as to hint that his reception was not due to his transcendent merit, we are bound to say that his previous triumphs had a little influence in so Dtenarintr the -Dublin sib to make an absolute certainty of what might other wise havo been equally sure, but of more tardy ac somplishment. True merit however, will always sooner or later meet with its due recognition, and tvo are glad to add our tribute of praise to tho per formance of Hamlet by Mr Waller, the now lessee of the Queen's. Mr \Valler did hot come like Mr Brooke sur rounded^ b^ a halo of triumphant achievements in the histrionic art. Comparatively Ji c was unknown to the theatre-going public of Melbourne, and. supervening upon the departure of the brilliant con stellation now revolving in the. sister colony, he came under what might be considered un favorable auspices; for the echoes of the plaudits that rrrnntflfl th/* oronf, nn.fm* wnvn ef;n iii the comers of the building, and the acclaiixiauts had hardly recovered breath from the expression of their vociferous approval. He came, however, and after an unquestionable manifestation of approval in somo favorite characters, he last night appeared as Hamlet. This play, the most difficult, as' it is the most beautiful, of all the dreams of our great Bard, is the verjr apex of ambition of all actors, great and little, and it may be fairly presumed, that if an audience put the seal of their approbation upon the execution of this impersonation, it is a great step towards that position iu which applause may be commanded moro than solicited. Perhaps the step was a bold one, but it was well considered, and Mr. Waller had not to 'flesh his maiden sword' in carving his way towards success. He had well considered the step and tho result proved the judiciousness of the selection. We have no hesitation in Dronounciii' ir.. \\\rn tr ? i«i. - ? ^4. ? a_h_* iiti. iTaiiui D xxuimub u luuso uureiuuy stuaicu. arm admirably rendered performance, and possessing numerous points of brilliancy and originality. lie | seems ever to . remember the excellent advice contained in the play, of ' suiting the action to tho word, the word to the action,' and he frequently conveyed as much meaning by his look as by his voice. We could select many passages which struck us as being given with a verve and newness as re freshing;as they were unexpected. In the play scene tl.r. CJr..- ii To ? ? ? ?_ vuu 1x1115 iiu^iuca. « Wiuu UU UUCUUU m'LUlHi' MIO reply of 'No 0 Hence i'the world' was rendered with uu emphasis. peculiarly- impressive.- So, also, in the closet scone, therp..waa a thrilling and almost freezing effect in the delivery of the passage, ' Why, see you notlijng there?' . The : famous soliloquy was giveu ?.vithia.ll the recognised points, and something moro ; and the interview with Ophelia had a tenderness and wild sadnos3in it that told greatly upon the audience. In brief, then, we were well satislied with Mr. Walle.-, aud, despite some little peculiarities of intonation tuui articulation, wo venture to pronounce him one of the most successful actors who have appeared 011 the Melbourne stage. The Ophelia of Mrs. Waller was a gem. It bus never beon our lot to see it more pleasingly repre sented. Mrs. Waller's face, figure, and voice, ur; wonderfully well suited to the rendering of such characters. The mad scene was as perfect as wc con ceive it possiblo.to be. Ai rs. Waller possesses powers of vocalization of an extremely high order, and if she - slaked -her success on these grounds alone, we are sure it would be most certain. Tlie mixture of grief and wild playfulness, blended with the sweetest of mad melody, produced au effect whose influence still lives within us. We hope again to see Mrs. Waller's Ophelia. The subordinate characters were respectably given. We would expressly particularize the Polonius of Mr. Tuthill, which was quite free. from, the buffoonery ' which is too often thrown into this impersonation' The small part of the Player Queen by Mrs Thnm was done with that kdy's accustomed sweetues? Mr. Walsh, we think, would do well to make the ghost s speech more of a monotone : emphasis iq in °aLopim??- ra','lei' ou' °f place in this character.' Ihe gettmg-up of the play reflects much credit on the present management ; and there appears to be r disposition to put the pieces on the sta^e with -ilt those accessories which contribute so much to en hance the effect of the text. Ihe reduction of prices has had a manifest influ ence in increasing the number of visitors, and th „ ?p°«,hS Jai7e/,7 rlsp.eota,bly filled by an audience v-'Lo testified loudly their pleasure and approval, jr.? Waller was called before the curtain at the eJ h the thud act, and again at the conclusion, had was greeted with a perfect hurricane of applause. 