THE LAST GHOST LAID. The Bonuses, Nomineeism, and Upper-Cham berism have all gone down before the sturdy lanee of Sir Richard Macdonxell ,* and now, in order to leave the field still more clear for the champions of a new Constitution, we publish, with greater pleasure than we have yet published any matter in reference to the pending contest, the expressed determination of the highest dignitary of the Church in South Australia, to allow the vexed question of State aid to religion to "lie in abeyance until public opinion has undergone a decided change on the matter." The most terrible of all electioneering monsters is now defunct. Requieseatm po.ce. Subjoined ! is the correspondence to which we refer :— ! Christ Church, August 20, 1855. My dear Lord Bishop—If, under ordinary circum stances, the interests of a young colony require its legislators to be men of comprehensive and enlightened views, the present crisis in our colonial history, when we are called upon to frame a Constitution, under which I ourselves and our posterity are to live, peculiarly and | imperatively calls for such. I Believing that the agitation of the question of Go j verninent aid to religion has had the effect of excluding I from the Legislative Council men whose position, | previous education and habits, and sound and liberal I principles eminently qualities them for the responsible | duties of legislation. I would respectfully submit to j your Lordship whether, in the present emergency, the | general welfare of the colony does not call far a total | suspension of the question, at least for the next five ! years. Individually, though my views on the principle j itself remain unchanged, I am, after careful considera | tion, prepared to place the question in abeyance for I what I consider to be, under existing circumstances, the | paramount interests of the colony. ■ Should your Lordship and any member of the Clergy | and Lay representatives concur in the suggestion, steps 1 might he immediately taken to bring about an armistice, ; if possible between the proband anti-grant parties, j This disturbing element being eliminated, we might, I I think, confidently hope for the return of such men to : the Council as would fairly and ably represent the views j of the colonists on the transcendently important ques j tion upon which they will be called upon to legislate in : the ensuing Session. I am my dear Lord, Your Lordship's obedient Servant, W. J. WOODCOCK. The Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. j Bishop's Court, 20th August, 1855. My dear Sir—I do not question, for one moment, the I lawfulness of receiving aid from the Civil Government j in supporting or extending the preaching and ministra tions of the Gospel, provided no compromise of truth, no abandonment of liberty, and no interference of in tolerance be involved in such state assistance. But the expediency of seeking it depends much, in the present divided state of religious opinions, upon the unanimity j with which the various bodies of Christians should j agree to accept the grant. Unhappily, a large number | of persons in the colony axe strenuously opposed to it, j and the agitation of the question has not only excluded j very fit candidates from all chance of being elected to j the Legislative Council, but promises to stir up again I the elements of social strife at the forthcoming election. I should be sorry if my silence, or that of the clergy, I should be made a handle for raising a prejudice against any candidate at the present crisis. I am content to let the question lie in abeyance until public opinion has undergone a decided change on the matter I shall take no steps whatever to agitate the question, nor to revive the discussion, and hope that it will not be raised with a view of throwing obstacles in the way of those who might otherwise become valuable members of the Legislative Assembly at the present important crisis of our colonial history. Believe me, yours very truly, A. ADELAIDE. To the Bev, W. J. "Woodcock. 