3mu£if nmits. ROYAL VIOTORIA THEATRE. Last night wo again had the plensure of wit-: nossing the porlormaneo of Air Waller nnd his delightful wife/ . Tlio pieces selected for ropro-; seutation wero Hamlet, and a farce entitled i the Dumb Bollo. ; Wo regret , ex trcinoly that waiit of space compels us to .curtail 'our crt-- tiquc, fordid wo follow our inclination, and let our feelings run not, ; wo could. fill ; columns 'with this subject-; . , ' .. - '. , In both pieces, we.ncM. scarcely say tliat. tho main interest turned on the acting.of Airs.' Waller. Her Ophoha was indeed' most beau-: tiful. In tho .earlier scenes, soft, tender, and; winning"; in tho lator onos, where giief .has; turiidd her brain, despairing arid heartbroken to an indoscribablo dogroo. This character, or rallior skotch'of u character, for it is no-: .thing more, is one of' the moBt (difficult -rif Shnkspearo's conceptions adequately to ren-: (lor. Tlioro is little outline, and but, very, faint colouring' in . it, '.and it requires tlio .most ' delicate and sensitivo , handling. , .This' it re ceived : to the .utmost at the hnnds of Mrs.: Wailor. . She is oho -of the most porfopt actresses in.tho nrt .of suppression wq ovor saw. . A look, a motion oftlio hand or lip, a drooping of th i voied, with lipr will toll morel than wliolo volumes with some others. Iff speaking of hor, voice, , wo could not but: observo tho. intense pathos and tenderness which sho contrives to throw in to, tier, tones. Sho haslournt, "as thoTtnlinns 'Say, " to malio her voice weep." HJr by-pl"ay was, as usual, most perfect, and every look and gesture in ha'rmoriy. 'Slid, did not niako So "much " feint " as somo other" actresses whom wo have soon, and wo think Sho was quite right ; Opholia is not intended to bo, demonstrative, nn'i hqd sho been loo distinct; 'she would hnvd missed what,' we bbiiovo, was ShakeSpeare's id»n'. ; ./ ,k-' ' Of tlio other . characters wo cannot say, much. Air. Waller made a vory fair Ilamlot, arid i'ri one "dr" two spends, , as tho '" Play" scono, and again whore lio is reproaching tlio ; Queen and. the ghost enters,' ho forgot himself, into success'. If we 'might venture to ridviso, him, we would suggest" to iiim. to rdmcmbe'r that lid "is a gontlem'ari a's well as abactor, and that he does himself injustice by adopting mannerisms rind not 'being entirely himself.. Air. Tutliill's Pol'oriiiis was meagre, but liis Grave Digger excollcnt. . Air. Stlldrt m'ado a vory good King 'indeed, and Alrs- Harwabd a still betteK -Queori. In the seeno boforo al luded to, wheio tho Ghost eonfronts lier itnd Hamlet, and when the latter poiiit's him out to her, her acting wns admirnbld. The slow nervous movement as she turns round, arid tho sigh . and look of intense relief at not seeing what jjer fears . suggest,; wore most happily conceived, and most , perfectly con veyed. This lady's acting wo witness with increased, plensure on every fresh occasion. - Of tho farco a word iiiust suffice. It was first- rate. Airs Waller's Eliza was tho most aroli, coquettish, bewildering, nnd delicious piocopf tormonting'we can concoivri. Mr f-iturirt again acquitted himself well ; and Air Tutliill, as O'Smiko, was exceedingly rich. Tho piece throughout was greeted with roars of laugh ter, which were somotimos so uncontrolled" as to . stop the ; speakers. . Mrs Wallor sang .two songs, — one a ' Pastoral" a very flimsy affair, "arid not worth her wasting her really uieo voice over ; the other, a '(translation', of"" II' Sogreto." There were recoived with manifest, plensure. Tho house was ; as full as it "could hold arid tho audience ovidontiy most thoroughly inter ested and delighted throughout; 