SOUTH AFRICAN GOSSIP. {From the Cape Mercantile Advertiser.) The commencement of the year 1855 reminds one that old Time is steadily at work, and disregarding the railway speed of modern inventors, performing his task with that steadiness and certainty which stands unrivalled by any human art. We dare scarcely allude to Christmas in South Africa. It is not the Christmas of Old England, where it is welcomed with truly national rejoicings, and the holiday smile accompanies the holiday costume, while young and old seem to say from the bottom of their hearts, Welcome Christmas-Jolly Christmas, with ita glad and smiling face. But Christmas in South Africa is looked forward to with terrible forebodings, when war's alarms are ex- pected to speed through the land, and, instead of the sounds of joy and merriment, bitter reproaches and lamentations meet you on every side. In this respect, the Christmas of 1851 bears no new feature. Gun- smiths are over-worked, and gunpowder is in great request. But the civil commissioner is a sly old fox and doles his orders out for that explosive material with much caution. Those who require that combustible by thousands of pounds and lead by hun- dreds must apply to a more pliable officer. By the by, as an historical record, it is but right to mention a re- port of several thousand pounds of powder and some eight hundred of lead having been found out to be pursuing a wrong direction by that indefatigable officer the Clerk of the Peace. It is a quaint saying, that " one man would be hanged for looking over the gate while another might rob the orchard with impunity." We shall look anxiously to see the result of this extra ordinary job. New Year's Day having overtaken us, and Christ- mas passed, quiet and confidence being in some degree restored, everybody willing to hope that Grlm-visaged war has smoothed its wrinkled front, picnic parties were arranged upon the usual scale ; and and hams, tongues, and fowls, and ducks, and beef, and puddings, and pies, and port, and sherry, and ginger beer, with sprinklings of French and Geneva, stowed away with peculiar care, to be enjoyed whilst squatting down beneath the bush of the native wilds on nature's carpet. We rather like these picnics -they create such good fellowship, such jokes, such puns, such bursts of merriment at small acci- dents, which make accidents of all things desirable ; we do not speak of broken legs or arms-no ! not even of sprained ancles ; but a "podder" sitting on your ham sandwich would be a charming joke, or a tumble into the little stream in diving after a puny crab-these and such like create capital fun. Then there is what is generally considered the wit of the company, who cracks his jokes amazingly after dinner, when re- freshed by a few glasses of pale sherry-sometimes strutting about in a lady's silk bonnet, which from its size one would fancy was made to shield infantine simplicity, and not a lady in her teens, from the burn- ing rays of the sun ; then again, you will see him with something bulky at the top of his swallow-tails, which he calls his bustle, everybody laughing till they nearly crack their sides. We must not forget to men- tion the monster pic-nic for New Year's Day, which presented an arrav of sundries far too numerous to particularise. There was indeed quite a family re- union ! The Golden Lion has agreed no longer to show his teeth in angry display, but to lie down harmoniously with his neighbour Albion, whose anti- corset announce- ments have created quite a sensation amongst large holders of that hitherto necessary article of attire. The Golden Lion's bonhomme also signed articles to make no more reference to puffing practices. While the Family Linen Establishment, determining not to be outdone in liberality, held up the ancient Mirror of Fashion, and displayed a true Hogarthian picture : On the top was the word " UNITY " sur- mounted by a wreath of laurels, the body of the pic- ture being filled by figures which appeared to repre- sent the craft dividing the profits. An old hand,whose fortune had been made in the line, was in attendance to watch proceedings and render such advice as might appear necessary ; and also a small salesman of some celebrity. These preliminaries having been concluded, the Golden Lion in a bumper proposed as a toast, "As we travel through life may we live well on the road," which was drunk by all the company assembled. After which, " Union is strength " was given, amidst stunning applause, by the sales- man aforesaid. The duet of " Good night, all's well" was then sung by the Anti-corset and Family Linen Establishments, in which all parties in the compact joined, when the picnic, it may be truly said, harmoni- ously closed. The post year presents but few features worthy of record, but still has maintained its character for the old jog-trot style of colonial life ; Graham's Town has made one move on the gammon board, and become a city-not a city built upon a hill, but surrounded by hills ; whilst a bishop and an aristocracy are creeping in amongst us, and the old democracy trembling at such formidable innovations. Improvements to a con- siderable extent have been in progress ; and the public thoroughfares are fast exchanging their large sunken gutters of mud and filth for a foundation which can be traversed in safety; public buildings have also made some progress, and the year is cele- brated as the one when the corner stone of Wrighton Cottage was laid with much pomp and true English hospitality. A piece of silver coin, bearing on one side a profile of the Queen's most excellent Majesty and on the obverse an impress of value, 4d.-this, with documents setting forth the personages who figured at the ceremony, was lowered deep into the bowels of the earth (with the corner stone aforesaid) for the enlightenment of future generations. The Commissioners of the Municipality have also made some progress, and marks of public esteem have been showered upon them. One of them has been invested with the order of M.L.C. ; whilst another, who has passed away, but whose name will live with his friends and relatives in honourable recollection, was de- servedly created M.L A. Two others have been dubbed J.P.s by the Queen's representative. It is pleasing to congratulate the Board that, during their period of office, in the absence of gas, oil lamps have been introduced for the enlightenment of the city. The ceremony of raising the first lamp-post having been chronicled at the time of its inauguration, must be passed by as a matter of history ; but it is to be regretted that the attempt to enlighten the city has not proved successful, and the solitary lamp has, on various occasions, like other city constellations, made a smash of it, and is now awaiting, with all the patience imaginable, its rehabilitation. Two skeletons have also been imported by the Commissioners, which, after being duly inspected by the faculty of tinsmiths, glaziers, the town clerk, and other city officers, were finally consigned to the tender mercies of J. Lawrance,, Esq., and knocked down for Episcopalian uses in the great Cathedral. What caused the smash of the soli- tary lamp no one has yet been able to discover, not- withstanding heavy rewards for information. Some superstitious ones in High-street affirm that the ghost of the old fountain so ruthlessly destroyed has something to do with it ; whilst others declare that the whole neighbourhood is guilty, loving darkness rather than light ; and that when the smoky oil was supplanted by two sperms, they could bear it no longer; hence its demolition. The Commissioners have also had that terrible disease, the longziekte, under their consideration ; and deeming that the employment of an inspector of meat would throw a certain amount of distrust over our immaculate butchery, desisted from the attempt. It is also pleasing to record that no necessity has as yet been felt for either town hall or town clock ; and that such implicit confidence is ielt in the honour and honesty of the natives who cluster in hundreds around us, that no necessity is as yet experienced for a night watch ; " conservative, NOT progressive," still remains the colonial motto, respect- able knaves being allowed to rob their creditors with impunity, no dividend above Is. 6d. being deemed respectable ; a bill of £11 must still be sent 600 miles, with a 50 days' delay, before an attempt can be made to recover it ; and the Civil Commissioner, as Commis- sioner of Insolvency, still remains a shadow of autho- rity ; town policemen continue at an expense to the colony of 2s. per day, and lind themselves ; all things remain, as far as Government is coucerned, centred in Capetown. AB regards frontier affairs, we have exem- plified the old adage of two extremes-" the sublime" in profession, and the "ridiculous" in supposing it anything more. 