THE MORMONITES. (From the Atlas.) Some time ago we had to defend the principle of religious liberty from attacks made upon it by two daily journals, in tho persons of tho Mormonites, or as they call themselves, tho "Latter Day Saints ;" but although we do not scruple to claim for them or any other sectarian body tho full right to tho exercise of their religion so long as they do not make it a part of their faith to do wrong to their neighbours, we cannot look upon the success which attends their proselyting efforts without a deep sense of shame at tho fact that it is possible to convert thousands of Englishmen and English- women to become tho victims of such an absurd and degrading superstition. Tho Mormons claim to have thirty thousand adherents in this country, and a considerable emi- gration to Deseret is constantly going on. Of course, tho majority of their converts aro mada from tho ranks of humble life, and tho grossly ignorant districts of Wales furnish a very large proportion ; but tho movement is not confined to tho lowest and least instructed part of tho com- munity, for we are credibly informed that in Liverpool and many other towns, families belong- ing to the middle class, possessed of considerable property, and of tho average amount of mental cul- tivation, are among the most strenuous supporters of tho system of Joe Smith. This is a phenomenon well worth an elaborate investigation, because it is impossible to suppose that many hundred persons cnn be added every year to the followers of a new faith of this description without a far larger num- ber being equally ready to surrender their reason and plunge headlong into tho absurdities of the strongest and most exciting superstition which may be offered to their notice. Indeed, if it were necessary to seek proof of tho widespread existence of a state of mind favourable to tho growth of false religions, we might in addition to tho exis- tence of Mormonism, point to table-turning und spirit- rapping, and tho belief in unknown tongues, all of which indicate a morbid craving for inter- course with spiritual beings superior to man, accompanied with tho most absurd views of spiritual nature and agency. Moreover, we might adduce tho hold which Puseyism has acquired over tho upper circles, and which exhibits a belief in tho efficacy of idle ceremonies, and in the super- natural power of it priesthood to an extent that could not be exceeded in heathen times. Thus in accounting for tho success of tho Mor- mons we must first recognise tho deplorable men- tal condition of a large part of our population, and their consequent craving for tho excitement of spiritual dram-drinking—an excitement which is obtained by applying to an astrologer, accepting tho Book of Mormon, listening to unknown tongues, taking part in a revival, or filling tho mind with the trash poured forth in huge abun- dance by what is called tho " prophetical press," which professes by its interpretation of Daniel and Revelations, to connect tho siege of Sebastopol with tho battle of Armageddon, tho end of tho world, and tho advent of tho Millennium. A true account of tho superstitious literature of this country would be perfectly astounding, from its amazing quantity and utter abnegation of reason and common sense, and still more surprising would it be to find the large proportion of victims to its delusions which tho upper and middle classes afford. What are the causes and what might be tho cures of this deplorable state of things are inquiries well worth making ; but in giving especial consideration to Mormonism, it.becomes apparent that one great source of its power is tho fact of its accepting all tho ordinary doctrines of orthodoxy, and confining its endeavours to their amplification and perver- sion, and thus being most successful with ignorant and superstitious believers in the Bible, who have never been accustomed to consider tho true meaning of Holy Scripture or give a reason for their faith. We shall illustrate this by a few extracts from a letter we have received from Mr. John Jacques, setting forth tho views of his sect :— " Tho Latter-day Saints contend fur faith in God and Jesus Christ, repentance of sin, water baptism for tho remission of sins, the laying on of hands for tho impartation of tho gift of the Holy Ghost in all its heavenly manifestations of dreams, visions, prophesies, tongues, healings, &c.; . . . "Christian is not tho proper name for tho peoplo of God—that name was bestowed upon tho followers of Christ first at Antioch, by their enemies, the same as the enemies of the Latter day Saints denominate them 'Mormons,' because of their belief in tho Book of Mormon. <Saint is tho proper designation of a follower of Christ—if living in former days, a Former-day Saint ; if in latter days, a latter-day Saint. Tho apostles did not address their epistles to tho Christians, but to the Saints. Second, the Christian Dispensation, or tho Dispensation opened by Christ, came to naught after tho apostles were slain, for tho early church apostatised and fell away from tho faith as Paul foretold, insomuch that at tho present time Christendom can present no even distinct similitude of the original. That tho Latter-day Saints believe in tho book of Mor- mon, is most true. Why do they believe it? Be cause it is recorded of tho dealings of God with the aborigines of tho Western World, and has been attested in our day by tho voice of God and of Jesus Christ, by tho ministration of angels, and by tho gift and power of tho Holy Ghost, which are as strong testimonial in favour of the divine origin of tho Book of Mormon as can be adduced in favour of tho divine origin of tho Bible. Christ has not, been " dethroned," but he reigns still in heaven, and will soon reign on this turbulent earth as King of kings and Lord of lords, and to him every knee must bow, and every tongue confess. "Tho Latter-day Saints believe that Joseph Smith was a prophet of the Lord, an apostle of Jesus Christ, a minister of righteousness, a herald of salvation, and consequently that he held similar power to what Peter and Paul did in days of yore," To many of our readers these passages will ap- pear blasphemous and to all ridiculous, but to thousands of badly cultivated minds who hold the doctrines of Revelation in an unreasonable man ner, they make tho most effective species of appeal. Unhappily, there exist in nearly every sect men who unwillingly prepare the way for tho Mormon illusionary by depressing reason and exciting a passion for anything which transcends the laws of nature or the boundaries of possibility ; and even the Established Church con tributes to this effect ; for we have recently had one clergyman affirming table-turning to be tho action of the devil, while another at Leeds mistook tho temporary insanity of hysterics for the opera- ration of the Holy Ghost. Tho real wonders of God's world, both of matter and spirit, far exceed any of tho inventions of superstition ; they surpass human reason, but never contradict it ; and hence, while their contemplation throws tho sound mind into an extacy of devout admiration, they do not satisfy the appetite of tho diseased mind, which will be content with nothing that does not outrage science and scandalise faith. It would be had enough and sufficient disgrace for our age and country if tho Mormanites stopped where they began ; but the prominent part of their present creed is that the Bible sanctions polygamy ; nay, more, that this abominable prac- tice is a religious duty. Let us again hear Mr. Jaques : " Tho Latter-day Saints teach a plurality of wives, and practise tho principle in the territory of Utah, as it comes not into opposition with the law of tho land. But in tho countries where the law of tho land forbids the practice it is not put into operation. Hence, In England, were a Latter- day Saint to marry two or more wives, he would be excommunicated, and delivered over to tho law of the land, that he might learn to be subject ' to the powers that be,' or, in other words, tho constituted authorities of his nation. Adultery and all lewd- ness are most severely reprobated. In Utah, adultery has been punished with death, and in this country the Latter-day Saints will on no account have fellowship with an adulterer, On the first conviction, he must repent, if he wishes to stay in tho Church, otherwise he is excommu- nicated ; on tho second conviction, he is excommu- nicated, amd not allowed to return. " It appears strange to me that a believer in tho Bible should quarrel with tho Latter-day Saints because they walk in tho footsteps of '"faithful Abraham,' and Jacob, and Moses, and David. Those worthies had divers wives and tho express favour of God at one and the same time. The Latter-day Saints believe that God has not changed. Why should you believe that He has ?" That such sentiments should make a powerful appeal to tho licentious passions of wicked men is no wonder ; but it is horrible to think—as we are informed is tho fact—that even well-disposed young women belonging to tho middle class hare been misled, through a perversion of their reli- gious feelings, into submitting to the irredeemable degradation which this atrocious system involves. The Mormonites persuade their wretched dupes that tho acceptance of polygamy is essential lo tho inheritance of Eternal Life—thus the Millen- nial Star of September 30th says, alluding to a. writer who had attacked their creed :— " We involuntarily inquire, has tho writer had a religious education? Does he believe tho doc- trines of tho Bible ? Is he aware that, to Israel pertain ' tho adoption, and tho glory, and tho covenants, and tho giving of the law, and tho ser- vices of God, and the promises,' ' and of whom, as concerning tho flesh, Christ came ?' Or has he forgotten that tho Twelve Patriarchs were tho sons of four mothers, the honourable wives of one man? 'These did build tho House of Israel.' Every man that would call himself a son of faith- ful Abraham must own his father a polygamist. The holy Jesus, whose redeeming blood was shed for tho sins of tho world, chose for the royal line of his incarnation, a people and family of re- nowned polygamists, a fact sufficient of itself to thrice hallow tho heavenly institution. " Who, then, that would inherit Eternal Life, can wash his hands of that holy ordinance ? Who, then, can be a Christian, or a true believer in tho Bible, without being himself a polygamist ? Echo answers who ?" The same Journal gives us tho following extract from a letter of Mrs. Belinda Mardon Pratt, written at tho Mormon settlement of Utah :— "For instance, I have (as you see, in all good conscience, founded on tho word, of God) formed family and kindred ties, which are inexpressibly dear to me, and which I can never bring my feel- ing to consent to dissolve I have a good and a. virtuous husband, whom I love. We have four little children, which are mutually and inexpressi- bly dear to us. And besides this, my husband has seven other living wives, and one who has de parted to a better world. He has in al upwards of twenty-two children. All these mothers and children are endeared to me by kindred ties, by mutual affection, by acquaintance and association ; and tho mothers in particular, by mutual and long-continued exercises of toil, patience, long-suffering, and sisterly kindness. We all have our imperfections in this life; but I know that these are good and worthy women, and that my husband is a good, and worthy man ; one who keeps tho commandments of Jesus Christ, and presides in his family like an Abraham. He seeks to provide for them with all diligence : he loves them all, and seeks to comfort them and make them happy. He teaches them the com mandments of Jesus Christ, and gathers them about, him in the family circle to call upon his God, both morning and evening. He and his family have the confidence, esteem, goodwill, and fellowship of this entire territory, and of a wide circle of ac- quaintance in Europe and America. He is a prac- tical teacher of morals and religion, a promoter of general education, and at present occupies an honourable seat in tho legislative council of the territory."' Thus, while an abandonment of polygamy is a necessary step in advancing from barbarism to civilisation,, we have actually a set of men attempt- ing to revive it in its must disgusting form—that, of degrading women, who have known better, to submit to its abominations under the notion that, they are performing a religious duty. Whether tho present condition of Utah is as bad as it has been represented or not, no sane person can doubt that it must speedily sink into a den of licentious iniquity and come to a violent end, for there is a wide difference between tho poly gamy of early nations who knew no better and tho deliberate degradation in our days of that sex which it is tho pride of Christian civili- sation to place in a position of purity and honour. When we find such grievous supersti- tious rife amongst us, we ask what have the clergy been about? We compute the cost of deans and chapters, endeavour to add up tho bishops, and venture to inquire whether it would not be advisa- ble to sell off a quantity of superfluous dignities, and apply the proceeds to a sound system of national education that might stay the plague. 