'THE GOOD LITTLE QUEEN IN PARIS.' (From Lloyd's Weekly Newspaper. ) Tie Queen of England entered Pans on Sati irday evening, and on Saturday night Pari3 went' lo bed disappointed. And for this flattering reason : Paris had not behold Queen Victoria : I ' the good little Queen,'' as she is already affec tionately known by Parisian maids, wives, and mothers. Sunday was a day of rest ; aud Paris vainly hovered about the precincts of St. Cloud ; her Majesty keeping Sunday as closely in France as though she kept the Presbyterian Sabbath at Balmoral. To be sure, there was this exception — enough to bring up the ghost of a John Kuox ; enough to knock down the living anatomy of a Dr Cumming, — her Majesty gave pious ear to a concert of sacred music, performed, no doubt to their own wonderment, by the imperial band. Nevertheless, Paris had no warrauty of the presence of Victoria; for her Majesty had made her entry almost unseen ; the shades of evening attending her, and perversely enveloping her from tho long- expecting eyes of long patient multitudes. ' However, Monday came. ' Uprose the sun, and uprose Victoria 1' The disappointment of the Saturday evening was more than recompenced by the noontide brilliancy that attended the Queen of England in the streets of Paris. ' The good little Queen,' — for England gladly, heartily accepts the phrase of admiring, affec tionate France so ingenuously bestowed upon Victoria — was early at her work on Monday. Of course, her first visit was to the Exhibition — the brilliant reflection of her own Crystal Palace. Here, the sovereigns did homage to that which makes the true glory of nations ; the results of art, mechanics, and industry ; results without which diadems are of no more account than the feathered crown of the savage; without which, sceptres are but as the club of the Carib chief. The true dignity of royalty is, after all, wrought in the studios aud in the workshops of a king dom. Tho Menai Bridge is a greater victory than Sebastopol in ruin3 ; however necessary to the world's peace and mankind's onward progress, that destruction may be. The Queen's appearance on the Boulevards on her way to visit La Sainte Chapelle, a mar vellous restoration of old world architecture, was in fact, the opening of tho Paris holiday. Satur day night had closed gloomily ; as it were, churlishly upou tho people. Balked and disap pointed of the sight of the Queen of England, that rarest bird — even rarer than Phoenix— in Paris, the Parisians held themselves creditors for a large amount of enjoyment, and, as all accounts testify, they amply paid themselves iu the bright sunlight of Monday, when they stood face to face with Victoria — not like Elizabetli, the sovereign of ' lion-port, and awe-commanding grace' — but Victoria, the wife and mother ; Victoria, ' la bonne petite Reine — ' the good little Queen.' For iu this familiarity the heart speaks with a sudden affection ; and homeliness becomes a lasting sentiment. Further, 'the good little Queen' — (what will Mr. Spooner say ?) — visited Notre Dame; and talked most courteously for, at least, some minutes with the church authorities. Iu her way, she swept by the Hotel de Ville — in. her \ way she beheld the pure, beautiful edifices, white and glittering in the sun and arched by a blue sky, — and we are told by the Times that she must have felt momentarily saddened con trasting the sceue with the mansion-house, Guild hall, aud the clouds of smoke that pall-like, seem ever ready to cover not only the Lord Mayoralty itself but the whole corpora tion. The Queen, in her progress, visited La Place de la Bastille ; the smallest chip of stone whereof was, at one time, the most brilliant gem in the crown of the sovereign people. Properly timed was the visit of the following day, — for it was to j the barren splendors of the Palace of Ver ?ialles, of which Napoleon the Third shows the wonders to an English Queen, and having acted liis piece of history, appropriately accompanies Her Majesty to the opera, where ' God save the Queen' — the ' Good little Queen'' — is sung in thojvery clearest, most harmonious English — and the first Napoloon, the stern ' little corporal,' does not stir in the Invalides ! Can the opera itself, with all its shiftings, ali its shews — outdo ! those mutations of history — the drama of nations ; with Bourbons, a lieutenant of engineers Guelphic queen, aud Emperors Parvenu3, for actors and actresses ? Happily, our 'good little Queen' visits France amid a new' generation of the French ; not only are the old wounds healed, but let us hope even the national scars are effaced. The visit of Victoria to France will, it is our hope, be associated with the best ftelings of human nature on the part of our neighbors ; feelings of sympathy, admiration, and respect. These are enjoyed and reciprocated by the English people ; and will, we trust, as peoples, strengthen, and draw us closer to one another with every year Wo earnestly trust that, on both side3, these visits may be repeated, aud that Victoria's visit will result iu good to the institutions of France. She may not be able to show the French Em peror such snow-white edilices, or so blue a sky : but she can show him Houses of Parliament' where free men speak their free thoughts ; she can with pride point even to grimy printing offices, where the press speaks, defying the power of a gag. We earnestly hope that the next time, Louis Napoleon will, in his own improved city of Paris, show such a senate house and such a press to his English visitor, 'the good little Queen.' 