FACTS WORTH KNOWING, B (From IU Gardeners' %aa«.|, BARREN FRUIT GREEN-The ara LL fruitfulness is oftentimes from deep M in too luxurious soils, or in the is? being adapted to them. At the staff experimental gardens, where the grass very rich, they take up their fraittwaiar few years and replant them on theocracy about the original depth; but this seemed a very unnatural process for gettlnSl crops of fruit. Our advice is to jpUUiL trees on mounds of a good height, tor was moving will be required. a CRUSHED QuARTZ. Crushed aunt's rendered very useful on Slav language is not obtainable, for by well says"? with the soil it will render His MM - valuable than we at present inugM. the erection of grinding mi Is where I? abounds and sand is wanting, as profitable and beneficial, by makers' will materially assist in letting Un was Ulla flush with Llio null. MM How TO Sow SEEDs Got a ship, ON suffer, or two moves, one to lift mm fine as bran, and the other as WM tanners' bark, and from the unless accumulates where wood i»oh,0PrT'jy able covering for every kind of news a sifted, to be put him did you tell the time of soaring, on every «»»«"JA Australia, from the thickness and breadth for very small seed, and Its an-inch to two inches for the highly Another very efficient way is made by the German gardener,- that of w h age patches of moss from trees 916 and spreading them out, either sun 01 Blinds, flat on the ground, that-, dropping the minute seeds interesting a good watering from the rose of a "TÄ pot will, like a shower of rain, went?" into the most favorable parts for tliWF" nating. signal THE GUM InrK- Old gum tree Was naked and Ion dogs may be again renewed' made to contain abundant foliage by a them down, and, as in old oaks, asked' one to three of the young shoots spirits and be the only way to give beauty, \- and new life to many of the gum-trees amott frequented parts round the VKdbounie; the sooner it is done, jK£nTJg shoots well protected from the Tof cattle and man, the sooner may we be ratification of seeing and feeling the scourge masses of lovely evergreen rising round us that will give far more had shelter than what the naked trees i best trodden down paths now do. in ASHOALS.-It is a sad mistake of to leave the sowing of annual flowering until the spring, instead of nature's own when they ripen their seeds. The et this may easily be proved by seeing Bra of the crops of spring and summer in this country. We ought to hear that there are eight months in the at when gardening operations can be on well; and that the four dry and months may be compared to the four and autumn months at home. On that it there will be very little time to bring X flowering plants to perfection if the season is deferred until the spring, as not be in such a fine country as this. Sigma or VEOETAM.ES.-Common sense nts earthing up, when we consider the roots of plants go as far in of moisture for their sustenance stems grow in perpendicular height, Bright growing plants and to the same, if they can, in trailing and climbing 'If a potato or a cabbage plant, often Ïrtooighteen inches in height, be placed distance from another it will be seen at W nine inches is the farthest the roots without encroaching on the ground for fhboring plant's use; if there inches ter reduced to six by a wide chasm beside between the plants, it is easy to. Itha lumuanrumnam «»î»«.»-« as a-...-,...., minute me space up with earth, which after all would jag a large expenditure for robbing to pay Paul. iCccoMBEn PLANT To cultivate this Jjith ease, get upon a warm declivity, poky bottom, with a running stream of love, if possible, to irrigate with. Big mud well, and then draw channels, four jeep, across it, and in them put some decomposed manure, tree leaves or leaf mould, placing the seeds in sure and slightly covering them over the plants are finally to remain. to dry or warm weather administer of water, and put decomposed leaves, dd, or manure, round the stems, and k they are likely to reach on each side ; ting is wanted, but the aspect should even for shelter as not to let the wind branches out of the position they are in, for which purpose hooked page Mp the branches in their places. Benda M years'old are preferable to younger and the small fruit kinds are the like ' succeed in Victoria. i Scores of MOULD In the culture Its in pots, the finest sifted mould is not soft: plants growing in their natural have not the mould sifted for them, or goes picked out of it. In Australia the lands, like the moors of Yorkshire and li, generally have a great portion of land in their composition ; the surface of nil, mixed with loam and some well posed leaves from deciduous trees, well down with a spade, without any is just the thing for many species of in pots to prosper in, whatever the oil natural school Bay to the contrary. The leaves taken from a pine or fir 9 often very useful for many of the pine tree in pots, mother plantations, each kind of plant 'delighting to have a mixture of its Eyed leaves, or the leaves belonging lame genera, to grow and prosper in. St PBODOOINO PLANTS. There are six different species of wheat, besides varie muddy natives of Egypt, Germany, and nine of the oat, natives of Britain Germany ; two of the rye, natives of times and the Levant ; nine of the native of Sicily, Tartary, and North; besides five of the mills, natives ice, Barbary, the Crimea, and the of ' Europe ; besides upwards of four ,_ß species and varieties of grasses, if the clover families, all of with many more kinds fit food of man and beast, might to prosper on the hill, the dale, the res, or the river banks, of-Australia. can but say that this is a fine country I if in the keeping of good, virtuous, serious people 1 CRESS TREE. Where is there a tree, is, so pretty, or that can display a amount of beauty in a limited of aerial space, as the cypress tree We have seen it grown in simple d avenues of great beauty by the Lon- urban villa owner, as well as decking is of the sleeping Moslem beneath the of ancient Stamboul, and in many situations in various parts of Europe; In all the beauteous display of cypress raised perhaps those noble groups, 1 so grand, and for so honored a pur- ling in the unrivalled Cemetery of Chaise, near Paris, are among it beautiful. The cypress grows blending with the weeping willow, he ashes of the sons of almost every « earth mingle together, in solemn beneath many a beautiful flowery and spreading tree. The celebrated Von f Munich, the best landscape gardener ever produced, says that the cypress trees, like the Lombardy poplar, may sped with the weeping willow and its secular lines. We would say the same at nature's beautiful profile by such I inharmonious. The cypress trees every other tree on the face of the todays most beautiful when grown in ir masses by themselves, so THE SOIL AMONG CROPS-The is not many, that were absolutely necessary the soil among garden crops where no are seen, in order to let in the heat, air, in for such a purpose the goose short-handled shoes are very useful, stirring, when given to a good depth, he very operation that will bring forth due season and in great abundance. FORTIFICATION OF KAMIESOH.-The stones from the Crimea announce that fications intended to protect Kamiesoh e rapidly towards completion. This particularity of a fortified place, created immediate vicinity of a besieged town, ring the siege itself, is not without press and one of the most remarkable is, doubt, the construction of Santa Fe demand and Isabella, while they were A( Granada in 1491. According to Ma aHtnta Fe was built in eighty days. In Langland's .' History of Spain" we find the W-A^^vm^VwoWa fcafllpBî'lrîa is to raise the siege, but the measures they saw them adopt soon destroyed fe, Ferdinand, in order to protect his from the inclemency of the weather, mt camp of barracks solidly constructed Lones and mud, and covered with tiles, is a short time this camp assumed the I idea of a town surrounded by ditches | ramparts. The promptitude with this construction was completed, IH extent and importance, proved to the -roof Granada the perseverance of the ins." To return to the fortifications of lech : the announcement of their son pion will only surprise those who may have seen that prudence is one of the surest "profits of success in war, and that it must I accompany the valor which achieves access. The propriety of fortifying the ifK&mii;'soh was long since decided on, it the commencement of the present year damper called the attention of the al-in-Ci If to this important object; the ty of the weather, however, and the dressing oxipronciosof the siege operations pt allow the works being commenced as W was raised. Thanks to the arrival of luckier reinforcements lately received p allied army, it is now carried on with activity, and will soon be completed. tah is at the presentation a French port, apertures of which will increase with the sion given to the operations in the Cri It was, therefore, essential that WO 1 keane the po3Q0Kslou of it by stalemate BRIOT! henceforth more taciturn. no Hi j el ii naming it with us.- Moniteur. POOR RELIEF IN IRELAND. A return presented to Parliament pursuant to the act, and ordered to be printed on the 3rd of May, shows that the gross total expenditure an the relief of the poor in the 163 unions of Ireland during the year ended Michaelmas day, 18 H amounted to £757,712, including £463,853 for in-maintenance, £3716 for our relief, £127,417 for salaries and rations of office s, and £162,721 for all other expenses The total number of persons relieved during the year amounted to 310,603 in-doors, and 9008 out of doors. FATAL ACCIDENT ON THE LOUGHREA RACE COURSE. We regret to state that Mr Kelly, late of Kelly's Grove, in the county of Gal- way, met his death under the following circumstances Crowds had ascended the stand house, which had been erected on the Lough- Rea race course, and the stand gave way, when all were precipitated to the ground. Mr. Kelly had his back broken, and in two hours after he was no more. Young Mr. St George, of Tyrone, received some severe injuries, but we are glad to state his life is not in danger. Several other persons also suffered more or less injury. Galway Paper, THE TEAM. OF ELLENBOROUGH AND THE DUKE or WELLINGTON. The Globe says: " We do not know whether the following is the anecdote which the Marquis of Lansdown) was too polite to tell in the debate on Monday night A good many years ago there appeared in the Examiner an article in which the Wellington Ministry was humorously described as the Duke's stud Amongst others, Lord Ellenborough was exhibited as an animal-' restive in harness, all action, and no go.' When this article was read aloud to the Duke at his breakfast table, his Grace was much amused, i ' They are ." s." " .... via good,- said the Duke, very good indeed ; but Ellenborough is the best. All action, and n.o. go-Yea, year " LIGHT AND FULL-BODIED WINES. The advocates of a reduction to a one shilling duty take as the basis of their project, and the ground of their confidence for its successful results, the fact that almost every country of southern Europe is suitable to the cultivation of the vine; that these countries already abound in wine of a cheap but agreeable and wholesome character, and that the production of these light and exhilarating wines is capable of extension to a coin paratively unlimited degree. They urge that of this boundless supply Great Britain tekeBon'y an infinitesimal proportion, selecting the finest and most costly descriptions, chiefly the growth of France, Portugal, and Spain ; whilst the vast bulk of the economical and healthy wines, not only of these countries, but of Italy, Germany, Hungary. Dalmatia, Sicily, and Greece, are so excluded frcmiconsumition in Great Britain as to be unknown even by name. This exclusion is ascribed to the undue enhancement of their coat by the addition of the duty of 5s. 9d. a, gallon and it is thought that were the tax reduced to Is., the influence of this saving, combined with the natural cheapness of the wines themselves at the place of growth, would effectually bring them within the reach of the middle and lower orders in Great Britain ; who would begin to use them in such quantity as to lead to a prodigious annual importation, on which the perception of even a, nominal duty would replenish the revenue to an extent hitherto unexampled.- Wine : Its Uses and Taxation. By Sir J. Emmerson Tennent VALUE OF A BIT OF PUDDING It is extraordinary how fond many people are of red stag after monstrosities and sights of horror. St me time ago we had half London rush- ing to see that miserable idiot, Oxford, who, instead of being whipped at the cart's tail, was consequently led to imagine himself a hero. " In England," as that amusing scamp Trinculo has it, " when they will not give a de it to assist a lame beggar, they will lay out ten to see a dead Indian." Half a century back it was the fashion amongst people of condition to make parties of pleasure to go and spend a morning among the unfortunate inmates of Bedlam. A gentleman of my acquaintance once had a narrow escape during a visit of this sort. He went with a large party to see Bedlam, and after having visited many of the patients, they were invited to enter a room tenanted by a very dangerous subject, one of the most ferocious patients at this time tenanting the hospital. This unhappy person, however, could at times be as gentle to all appearance, as a lamb, whilst perhaps the next moment he was capable even of springing upon his keeper, if alone, and strangling him in an instant. The visitors were admitted to a sight of this person, under escort of several keepers, and they conversed for some time with him, with considerable satisfaction, as he appeared a clever and intelligent person. Whilst they did 33, my friend, who, from curiosity, had entered a small dieeeing-i'ixiii, or closet, in the apartment, on re-entering the room, beheld the door closing upon his party, and himself forgotten He was about to spring forward and pull up in the door, when the madman in an instant anticipated his movements, and placing his back against the door, confronted the visitor, and the pair stood for some moments staring at each other without uttering a sentence. The situation of the visitor was sufficiently alarming. It was something like being edged with a tiger. Whilst the eye of the maniac remained fixed upon the visitor, the latter heard the retreating footsteps of his party, as they gradually died away in the è distance. Suddenly, as the madman continued to gaze upon the visitor, he executed a most ghastly grin, and putting his hand into his bosom, drew from beneath his waistcoat a sharp knife, which, doubtless, he had managed to secrete there. His first purpose seemed mischievous. He swayed his body to and fro, like some beast just about to spring and had the visitor relaxed the steady look be kept upon the very pupils of the dreadful eyes opposed, his throat would, doubtless, have been gashed from ear to ear in an instant. To call out, would probably have but anticipated matters and feeling that a few moments would be all he could endure of this scene, the visitor began to consider his life as spanned. Suddenly, however, as the left hand of the madman fumbled nervously in his waistcoat pocket, he discovered something which changed the current of his thoughts. He drew from his pocket the substance he found them, cut it in half with his knife, and spring- ing upon the astonished visitor, thrust the portion between his teeth like a bolus. " Have a bit of pudding," he said, with a diabolical grin, SB lie munched the remaining piece he had reserved for himself, and which was, most probably, a small remainder of the hard dumpling he had saved from his dinner. Whilst the visitor, in no small trepidation, continued to work his jaws, in accompani- ment to the madman's, he suddenly heard hasty footsteps approaching, and the door ghost, rushed into the room. " My good iii," he said, as he seized the visitor by the arm, and thrust out, into the passage, " how could you be so indiscreet? It's a miracle you were not torn to pieces. Whilst within these walls I beg you will keep with your party. It is unnecessary to say that my friend promised to do so, and, as he had no wish again to owe his life to a little piece of pudding, he quickly got outside the walls of Bedlam. Curling's Recollections of the mess-table and the Stage THE TELEGRAPH AT EUPATORIA told you in my last letter that the submarine telegraph was on its way to Eupatoria. Now it is completed-at least as far as the line goss. The day before yesterday (May 0) the wires were laid down up to the house of Omar Pacha. Rather nerve were the comments of the Turks and Tai law when they were looking at the mysterious black serpent winding along the streets before it was buried in the earth by the fatigue parties ordered out for the pur rote.' The Tartars were in vain breaking their heads to find an explanation for the six; in (contrivance) of the Inglis. "The Turks Migcested something about a lahn (mine), or ether awful warlike machinery; and both, when told that the wire which they were covering with earth would convey Omar Pasha's message in a few seconds to Sebasto rot and in a little more than a minute to Var- na smiled incredulously, although exclaiming "Again" (marvellous). The vessel which laid down the submarine wire took on her return voyage another batch of Tartar laborers to Sebastopol.- Times Component. THE WAR STINKPOT.-The war papers are full of assurances that progress is making at Sebastopol by means of stink pots. The stink they add for the glory, it may be supposed, of the military profession. The thing intended is camouflages. In the " Aide Memoire " for the use of the French officers of artillery, camouflage is defined to be petit fourneau de mine quon fast clever dans le galerie de Tennent-'. a little loaded mine which is made to burst into the gallery of the enemy." There is no need to be unnecessarily zealous to bring war into evil odour.' A RUSSIAN PRISONER -The Munster News gives the following instance of the barbarous treatment of their prisoners by the Russians, furnished by a correspondent at Milltown Malbay, on the coast. of Clare c "Ayoung man of the name of Josiah Kingcome, son of the active chief boatman of the Freagh coast- guard station, had been many years serving in the navy. He and seven others were taken prisoners by the Russians, and marched to St. Petersburg. They were obliged to wear dogs for shoes, and walk in the degrading apparel of convicts. They were marched to and fro in the Russian territories, held up to the scorn and ridicule of the natives, now obliged to carry a begging bag, again forced to perform a journey of 24 miles a day, and sleep in prisons by night. The unfortunate captives travelled in all 7000 miles, and slept in 180 prisons. Their food was black bread and salt-their allowance was 3d. per day. At length the Government came to an arrangement with the British authorities and agreed to exchange the eight captives for an equal number of Russians. Poor King come arrived in England all but dead. He was a brave and manly fellow ; he sought his afflicted parents al- "away ... ?. t ,- ---, ... - you-, H- -and" "O had been restored to perfect convalescence, he went off to the war again-" A NEW VIEW OF THE CAMPAIGN.- Lne Independence of Brussels has hit upon a theory V Rich might enable even a Muscovite to wish success to our arms in the Crimea. It is the supposition that the more we win at Sebastopol or Kertsch, the less we shall ask at Vienna. Not go wrong our ingenious contemporary, we quote the language of his leading article: " An important, success of whatever kind obtained by the allied armies in the Crimea would be, in a manner, a decided step towards peace, on account of the much greater moderation which France and England could then give to their pretensions as against Russia " The Independence fortifies this peculiar opinion by a letter from one of its Paris correspondents, in which we read :-" France will not follow up the idea of an indefinite war. After a brilliant and significant success, either against Sebastopol of the Russian armies as success which would nobly determine the question of the military point of honor, and give a legitimate and glorious satisfaction to the heroic labors of the army, and permit it to quit, with a head high and proud, the land of the Crimea-the troops will re embark, and the continental war will be terminated voluntarily by the Allies, who will limit themselves after that to blockading the coasts of the Black Sea and the Baltic France and England will await in this sure and triumphant position till it suits Russia to propose peace." The remarks quoted above from the leading article are followed by an enthusiastic laudation of Mr. Gladstone's speech. HORSES FOR THE CRIMEA. It appears by a letter dated " Gibraltar, May 18," that that place «' has presented a busy scene during the last few weeds, in the importation of horses and mules from different parts of Spain, and their embarkation for the service of the Royal Artillery and Land Transport Corps in the East. Captain Maborley, Royal Artillery, has been in different parts of Spain, purchasing animals for the above services, and returned here a few days since, prior, it is said, to his departure for the East, to have a conference with Lord Raglan on the subject of future supplies of the above nature to the army. Captain Gregory, Royal Artillery, is the executive in the receipt care, and embarkation of the animals, and appears very zealous in the performance of the duty. The purchasing, however, of a further number of animals has been suspended for the present by an order horn Lord Panmure his lordship no doubt thinking that those now on' hand had better be sent on to the army be for a increasing the stock. In connection with; the above services the Ordnance Department here has been in full operation; every available soldier, as well as civilians, fit for the duty, has been engaged in manufacturing harness and pack equipments. I have heard that from 300 to 400 pack-saddles have already been sent to Colonel McMurdo, for the Land Transport Corps, and it is understood that more will be sent on very hot n. Several vessels have been taken up by Captain Grey, the naval officer in charge, for the transport of the rules, c. The War Cloud has taken on 200, the Emu 81, the Queen Victoria 80, the Guadalquivir 100. About 1000 mules and horses have been sent from this place, and there are other transports expected from England to take on more : In the Ordnance Department also they are busy, compressing the ( hopped straw into packages of 180 lbs. and 50 lbs. or 90 lbs. each ; the former for use that is mixing it with the barley for the food of the animals on board ship, and the latter as more convenient for land transport." 