VISITATION OF THE LORD BISHOP AT CHRISTCHURCH, NORTH ADELAIDE. Ou Wednesday morning the Lord Bishop of Adelaide held a visitation at Christchurch, North Adelaide, the following clergymen being presentThe Rev. Messrs. Wm. John Woodcock, James Pollitt, William Henry Coombs, John Charles Bagshaw, Arthur Bernard Bar- nett, John Fulford, Edward King Miller, Frederick Edward Platts, John Whitstow Shoals, Edmund Jen- kins, John Brisbane Titheringion, Charles Marryat, Robert Strong, William Hayden Barnett, Alexander Russell Russell, George Henry Farr, Edward Bayfield, William Wood. The congregation was very large, the spieious and i handsome building being crowded in every part. Seviual clergymen assisted in reading the morning service; thechoir, undcrtiicablcdirection of Mr. Green wood, organist of the church, giving every effect to the musical and intoned portions. Nothing so nearly re sembling a Cathedral service had before been heard in South Australia. Handel's immortal recitative and i chorus "Comfort ye my people," and " Every valley | shall be exalted," were introduced by Mr. Sanderson, 1 one ofthe choir. The Communion service was read by the Lord Bishop, after which a most impressive and appropriate sermon , was delivered by the Rev. W. II. Burnett, A.M., of Mit- I chani, from Acts win.!), 10. 1 The lloly Sacranieni was administered by the Bishop, I assisted by the Rev. Messrs. Woodcock and Marryat. A very large number of members communicated. 1 llis Lordship t lien delivered the following charge to the clergy ofthe diocese :— Ewercnd Brethren—1 have called you together at this eiriy jkTiod al'.er my return, with the view of laying before vou the documents containing the constitutions whi«*h 1 am about to propose for the regulation of this j Diocesan Fhureh. and the trust-deeds for the settlement »»f the property given for its support. I have to entreat your solemn and earnest attentinu to the ui-vters con tained in both, as upon the recognition of right prin o.pies, both in the organisation of the Church and the | uses of ecclesiastical property, the future well-being and ; vitality of our Church (so far us they result from human j arrangements) wih in the main depend. [ After the discussions which have taken place on these subjects, it cannot he unknown to you that the legal machinery by which ecclesiastical law is administered in England has n<» practical existence in this .-olouy ; and while the obligations solemnly undertaken by the Clergy nf their ordination remain in lull force, aiullkirc us he moment when binding upon the eonscienee as at th they took ou them their vows, yet the statutes by which in England those obligations arc protected, and the judicial processes there in use. arc incapable of being put into action here. The Church of England, incorpo rated with the Constitution of I he mother-country, has no peculiar connection with the Local iioveriuueiit or Civil Courts of the colony beyond any other Christian body. Nor are there special voluntary agreements be tween the Bishop, Clergy, and Laity, like the model trust-deed prepared by Joan Wesley for tin1 members of his so.ieiy. whicli can be enforced by ordinary process iu the Civil Omuls upon those who depart from their engagements. Tims deprived of ecclesiastical, statute, and legal muehtiery, on the one hand; and with no regulations or tru>t-deed defining the right « and duties of ihe J»ip, Clergy, and Lav Members of out commu nion. on ihe other; we arc left lor whatever measure of order ami discipline prevails among us, to the uncertain rule of usage nud habit ; or, what is better, a conscien tious regard for the principles of the Church. It is matter ior thankful acknowledgment tHot this ecclesi astical condition, " ,i* ia>r,:iis produced lucre of disorder and unseemly contention among us. Perhaps we h ive all iu some measure felt th.ir if, like the Ap.xtle, we were without law, yet that we were under law to Christ, and so through grace liave kvn preserved from that besetting sin of the carnal mind aud mark of apostasy, which s5l. Paul, in his ^Viuid Th.ssalonuuis, designates as anoma or law In 111;' absence, also, of ;t well-considered and Ic»srally dra^iv uKnb'J trusi-Ji>eA. oai-h ecclesiastical district lias hvn compelled i » form its own, thus incurring fir more ex;xui«\ :md that for instruments defective in their pro visions, or of dissimilar usage, which at some future time ' will prvbably result in great practical inconvenience to , the Church :u lir^c. A hove all, this ecclesiastical isola- I tiou tends to weakeu the lies which bind the various I congregations together, and to render common action mid general castration in Church objects less attain able. It introduces, in fact, Congregationalism in the 1 place of Church union. But it is*au object we all have j at heart that the Colonial Dioceses shall be one with the : MothcMTburch in doctrine, in discipline, in liturgical order, in tone, in mind, and spirit: not less nearly does it , concern the well-being of every Diocesan Church to con- | neot together its various parts by one general system of ! regulations, and to be guided by the counsels of one cen tral dulT-eonstituted governing body. , In order iheu, if possible, to effect the above objects in a legal and satisfactory manner, I felt it desirable to pro ceed to England, where I could obtain the suggestions and advice of those most experienced in ecclesiastical law and in the principles of our Church. Placing, accordingly, in sueii hands the resolutions framed at the several meet ings of our provisional Assembly, the documents winch I now lay hefbrcyou are the result; in the establishment of which as the constitutions and trust-deed of tliis Diocese I desire your concurrence. No sooner had the need of local regulations by the Colonial Dioceses began to be felt, than difficulties were raised, which seemed to stand in the way of any satisfactory conclusion. The legality of any meeting of the Bishop, Clergy, and Laity of a Colonial Diocese, to agree upon Synodal constitutions aud deed of trust was "questioned; "the provisions of which conse quently would be invalidated by the illegality of such meeting. Thus the relation of the Colonial Dioceses to the Established Church hampered their powers of self rcgulatiou; and while none of the advantages of being exclusively a Church of the Slate appeared to be extended, to the colonics, the feebleness of Erastianism and the odium of a dominant Church alone remained as our por tion. With regard to the legal question, the doubt arose from the construction put upon 25 Hen. VIII., e. 19, commonly known as the Act of Submission, wliich was held to forbid all synodal meetings whatever without licence from the ! Crown. But the statute was plainly intended to restrain i meetings of Convocation, and the promulgating canons by I the Bishops find Clergy without the consent of the Crown, which therein acted as trustee for the laity and as deposi tory of lue supreme civil authority, which might again be, as it had been, encroached upon by such canons. That this is the true construction of the statute which applies to the XaiiQual Synod of the Church of England , is now admitted by the ablest lawyers. It did not apply even to Ireland, much less to dependencies of the realm | of Euglaud unknown and undreamt of in those days. Diocesan Synods, indeed, stand on different grounds from National or even Provincial Synods of the two Provinces of Canterbury and York. 'Diocesan Synods have 110 power to make canons which shall bind Provin cial Synods or tlie Metropolitan as Judge of the Superior Ecclesiastical Courts; but they have authority to adapt < provincial "canons (such as the canons of 1603) to tlie wants of the diocese; to make regulations in the nature of by-laws, provided they do not overthrow or contra vene theprineiples of those canons. That such Synods are legal was proved by the Synod of his clergy lately summoned by the Bishop of Exeter, and such synodal action is admitted by the Archbishop of Canterbury in his latest charge to be legal. The Syuoi of Exeter was no contravention of the statute of Henry YIII. The best commentary, however, upon that statute is supplied by the " Reformatio Legum," begun under Archbishop Craumer, with authority of Act of Parliament passed in 1549 by Henry VIII., continued in the reign of Edward VI.,"and finally ap proved of by Archbishop Matthew Parker in 1571, from whose MSS. I now proceed to quote. In the portion of the work entitled, "De Eeclesia," we find, c. IS, treating of Provincial Synods," the calling of which by the Archbishop is thus restrained by the Crown—"Sine nostra voluutate ac jussu nunquam couvoccntur." But what say the next chapters (19 and 20) ? The former is entitled, "DeSynodo cujuslibst Episcopi in sua diocajsi." The latter commences thus:—Singula quoque anno Synodus ab Episeopo iadicatur." It is absurd, then, to suppose that the previous Act of Sub mission was intended to forbid these Diocesan Synods, winch by the same King me commanded to be held, ■while at the same time the most jealous care is taken to restrain the meeting of the Provincial Synod of Canter- ; bury or York without the commandment" of the Crown! But the history of the Church itself furnishes instances , of such Synods, held by prelates whose names throw a 1 lustre over our Church—Bedell, Bishop of Kilmore, the , great promoter of the translation of the Scriptures into I Irish, held a Synod in the year 1639; and the Constitu I tions there made may be found in the Appendix of his | Life by Bishop Burnett, who says" Vr'hen the news of ■ this was carried to Dublin, some said it was an illegal ; | assembly, and that his presuming to make canons was against law, and brought him within the guilt of prep mvnire." But nothing followed upon it, although the arbitrary Strafford at that time was administering the government of Ireland. Burnett adds, " That Arch bishop Cshcr, who knew well how much Bedell could say for himself upon this head, advised those that moved that he might be brought up on it, to let bim alone, lest he should be provoked to say more for himself than anv of his accusers could say against him." We have tin. - the testimony of Usher in favour of Diocesan Synod-, added to that of Bedell; and we may adduce Archbishop:* Leighton and Wake a* witnesses to the same points, as well as the more modern instances of the Bishop of Exeter and the Archbishop of Canterbury. 1 did not, however, rely solely upon the testimony of Bishops, how ever eminent, to the use, and need, and lawfulness of such Diocesan Synods. In order to test the accuracy of the opinion, I had further recourse to the highest legal advice, and had the satisfaction of learning from Sir fi. Bethell, Sir F.Kelly, and 3Ir. Napier of the Irish bar, and A. J. Stephens, Esq., whose compilation, of the eclesiastical statutes shows him to be intimately acquainted with ecclesiastical law, that such Diocesan Synodal meetings were strictly legal, and that within their competency they might make by-laws or local constitutions to carry out the ecclesiastical canons of the province of which they form a part. They can, indeed, make no law binding superior ecclesiastical authority, but they can bind themselves to carry out existing ecclesiastical law. Now this is precisely the power we want. Our object is not to make a new or iudcpgndantChurch. We desire not to change doctrines, liturgy, or canons, but simply to adopt rules by which those usages and principles of our Church may be effectually expressed, and which may he sustained by the local Courts of the colonv as in any other case of simple contract. Even were it not thus morally certain that in framing Svnodal constitutions we are about to follow a strictly legal and ecclesiastical course, the respective Bills of the Archbishop of Canter bury and of the present 3!inistry reraove all doubt as to the readiness of the Church and Government at home to concede all necessary power. The Archbishop's Bill, indeed, lapsed on the ground that self-government having been granted to the colonies it was not for the Imperial Parliament to legislate posi tively foT any portion of their inhabitants; and with re gard to the Solicitor-General's Bill, the change of the Secretary of State for the Colonies together with the urcssure of business at the close of last session, caused ts unexpected withdrawal, although with the full support of Her Majesty's Government it is to be brought forward again in the ensuing session. Every doubt will then be set at rest. Acting, ! therefore, on the conviction that I am proceeding 1 in accordance with the law of the Church and of I the land, the example of the most approved of our i Bishops in each century since the Reformation, and the consenting authority of our civil and ecdesistical rulers, ■ I propose to summon a Diocesan Synod to consider the | constitutions which I have caused to be framed, and a trust-deed for the settlement of such property as may be given for the support of this Diocesan Church. 11 Lave already stated the powers and limitations of | such Diocesan Synods. They cannot make laws but only by-laws and rules of proceeding, binding on those who personally or by due representation agree to them. But here a most important question arises, how should such Synods be composed, and what the authority respectively to be exercised by the several component parts of that body ? That the Church is the "congregatio ji&elium;," the general body of professed believers,' and the clergy the ministers and servants of that great l>ody for Clxrist's sake, no one will dispute. That the latter are to teach and rule in the congregation, yet not as lords over God's heritage, nor possessing dominion over its faith, is equally clear. St. Paul admonishes the Hebrew servants to obey them that have the role over them, and submit themselves, and he himself excluded from communion the incestuous Corinthians and other evildoers. This relation of teachers, disciples, pastors, and flock, spiritual rulers and those subject to them for conscience sake, is based on the divine commission to hind and loose, given, to ministers on their ordination. This is a distinction between the laity and clergy not to be obliterated, and consequently not to be forgotten or laid aside in any Diocesan regulations to be adopted. That the laity have also their parts and duties in the Chnrch is no less certain; but neither truth nor godliness are likely to be subserved bv confusing their offices and responsibilities with those of the clergy. The adjust-lent of this grave question turns upon the point whefA rests the responsibility of "feeding the Church of God" with true doctrine, and separating from the congregation them that walk disorderly. Now, Scripture, the history of the Church, and the ecclesias ticm laws of the Church of England, assign this re sponsibility to the ministry ufons, in the person, of the Bishop, aided by his presbyters, and acting, so far as i* i 'possible, in jconcurrence with the lay members of his nock. The Anffel of the Apocalyptic Churches is alone held responsible for the state of his people; and no St. Paul bios Timothy, sent by the Apostle to regelate the Church at Ephesus," hold fust the form of sound words, and commit t he same to fkitfirizl men, who shall be able to teach others to exercise jurisdiction over the elders, and count those worthy of double honour who laboured in the word and doctrine." A man that was an heretic, after a first and second admonition, Titus was to reject from communion, and thus the power of the keys admit ting to lite visible Church by baptism, and excluding therefrom, by casting out ot communion, cleariy rests with the commissioned ministers of God actiug iu each Church under the paramount authority of the chief or presidium pastor. This responsibility cannot be devolved upon the laity. The liibh jp and clergy are separated to the preaching of the Word, to be expositors of the law of Christy and are auswerablc to Him for its enforcement; but to guard against party or ill-considered acts of dis cipline, the verdict or concurrence of the laity as to whether that law lias been broken may fittingly be had. The appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council is ot this nature; yet even here cases might aris-o, if vital doctrine were directly or by implication impugned, when it would become the daty of tbe zniuis tors of God to refuse obedience to the doctrines of men, and to teach God's truth rather than any human per- ! version of it. Such undivided responsibility was claimed and acted upon by more than 400 ministers in that dis ruption which severed, a lew years ago, the Kirk of Scotland. The like authority is asserted by the Con ference of the Weslcyan body, which is the supreme court of appeal; and such, too, the Church of England claims lhr her national SyJiud in controversies of the faith. Vet in none of these cases is iufallibiity claimed for the judicial or synodal decision, as in the Papal Church. The Protestant laity have stili the right of private judgment. They may " prove all things, but hold fast that which they find in their conscience to be good." They may like on themselves the responsibility of differing from the judgment of their pastors, nor can they he forced against their own will and •onscicnee to hearken and obey. Thus they exercise a negative voi<\\\ and can refuse concurrence iu ministerial decisions. Personal freedom is thus secure—spiritual liberty The presence, at least, of the laity, in the first Synod at Jerusalem is undoubted; and in the provincial coun cils of tlic Cypriancc age, their atteudaiicC is also acknowledged.* Thai they ever voted 011 doctrinal questions is denied by the most accurate and learned writers. 'Die superscription of the pastoral or synodical letter to the Gentile Churches is thus explained by a recent influential Wc?lcysn writer, the lii'v. Altred Ilarrctt, whom 1 ciic principally as an unbiassed wit ncss: "The lJritUrcn," he says," were as NociftlcJ with the Apostles and Elders at Jerusalem, as b>/hf intiit and reality of the aids of these latter in council, ami thai this document was a faithful account of those decisions." 1 know tliatv.fi of that chapter Mates that the Aj».»stles and Elders ea-ne together to con sider of this manor, and v. 4 of chap, ifi says that the de t'vees wore ordained of the Apostles and Elders which wore at Jerusalem, thus apparently excluding the laity from doctrinal legislation. Vet, comparing versos 23 anil 24, "The Apostles, Elders, and Urethren," and then "it sivmed good mitu the Holy Ghost ami to >t# to lay upon you no greater burden, &c.;," it is evident thai the decree rims in f'u.-ir name, as well as Hut of the Elders ami Apostles, and above all, the Holy Ghost Himself. It is true that the point in question hud already been decided by the Holy Spirit, when St. Peter was instructed by bis vision to go in and cat with Cornelius, who was also bap tized by tlic Spirit without being bound to keep the whole law of circumcision. The concurrence, nevertheless, of the llrethrcn, was invited and expressed in that decree, and which consequently was issued in the name of the whole Church of Jerusalem; and, doubtless, where the Spirit of God is, there the like sameness of judgment will be found iu tilings pertaining to God between the clerg and laity, even to the end of the world. That the laity joined on tluit occasion in electing those who should lie sent to promulgate tlioir decrees, is certain; that they also nominated aud set before the Apostles the seven deacons, is equally plain. Here, indeed, they have an undoubted right, as well as in the management of the monetary con -ems of the churcbes, a principal share. And if mju.-heiai matters and in questions of doctrine their advice and concurrence may fitly l>c sought, still the ulti mate responsibility, bv the appointment of God, does not rest with them, but with the Uishops and Presbyters act ing under and with them for the furtherance of the truth. Keeping:, tlien, in mind this leading principle, ihat ministerial responsibility arising from the Divine com- | mission to teach and feed the flock, cannot be devolved on those who liave no such callingadmitting: oa the other hand the wisdom and propriety of seeking the concurrence of the laity injudicial sentences and doctrinal decisions; above all, allowing their Tight in the administration of the funds of the Church, and giving full liberty of ex- j pressing their opinion as to the eligibility of candidates for the ministerial oltice,—I have endeavoured so to frame I the constitutions aud trust-deed as to meet these prin- j ciplcs and requirements. It is for you to consider how far the task has been successfully achieved. Much toil, and pains, and desire to arrive at the truth, have been ex pcudcd 011 it. Such as these documents are I place them in your I hands, reminding you of the very solemn responsibility 1 now devolving upon us, namely, that of exercising the inherent rights and duties of the Church to the glory of I God aud furtherance of the Gospel, iu accordance with ! Primitive Apostolic and Scriptural rule. That in the absence of statute law and statute sup- j port we hare need of recurring to the first principles of that divine institution, 110 one who has been engaged in Church extension in this colony can for a moment"doubt. Independent congregations; a'disunited Presbytery; an Episcopate absolute in name, but weak in power; a I laity anxious to do their part, and yet ill instructed in 1 their rights ami duties—how, with such, unteinparcd mortar, can we hope to raise a spiritual building, or Juunt a vigorous branch of the United Church of Kng and and Ireland in this soil, or how advance the king dom of God by vital religiou and mutual love ? How shall wc know the members of our Church, or provide for their being visited at their homes, or assembled in the congregation, without a general parochial organiza tion? It is only by making lull proof of your ministry, by feeding the sheep, feeding the lambs of Christ, that you enn work the work of (iou. But how can you sys- | toniatically bring home the gospel to your flock, if you ' know thcninot, nor enter them upon the register of the I Church? And if no sympathy pervades the body of our | members, I know not" liow the weaker are to be cared for, or the ministry of the IVorJ impartially secured to ; them. How, without due organisation, is it possible to fulfil the precept that the members should have the same care one for the other—the larger congregations assisting and supporting the weaker ? Disjointed efforts are always feeble. Local affections narrow-minded, and disunited congregations jealous of each other. To godliness wc arj jirsl to add brotherly I kindness, and to brotherly kindness charity. The love | of God in Christ is like the material sun. There is no thing hid from the heat thereof :• and the Church, which is the spouse of Christ, is then most like the Bridegroom, when His love is sued abroad iu lie? heart, and she loves all them that are His for 11 is sake, who loved them, , aud gave Himself lor them. | If the plans I propose to you, and the regulations j which shall be adopted, result in a more diffusive charity , among our people, a closer union amongst ourselves, ; more constant pastoral superintendence, more vital I Teligion, and deeper attachment to their spiritual j guides, the days and hours will not have been ill ex.- 1 pended which "have been devoted to their preparation. Of one thing I am satisfied, that God will be with that ; Church and those members who neither for ambition nor lucre, nor by constraint, give themselves to the work; | who, penetrated with the love of God in Christ tor lost and fallen man, seek to save souls from that eternal per dition which is bound up with alienation from God and enmity to holiness of the carnal mind. * This is the true work of the Church aud its ministers, and, in so far as a proper organization may tend to foster a vigorous inuer life, so far may synods, and constitu- | tions, and trust- deeds, be lawful and expedient; but . they will never be a substitute lor the living energy of | the* spirit of Christ, or supersede the power of that love which flows from Him who Himself is love, embracing the whole of His intelligent creatures, is testified also by all His material works in all places of his dominiou, even to the verge of space itself. Extract from Barrow. A Treatise of the Pope's Su- j premacy. Vol. 7, p. 345.—At first each church was | settled apart under its own Bishop ami Presbyters, so as j independently aud separately to manage its own con- ' cernmcuts; each was "governed by its o,r-,i head, and had \ its own lairs." Every Bishop, as a Prince in his own cliurch, did act freely, according to has will and dis cretion, with the advice of his Ecclesiastical Senate, and j with the consent of his people (the which he did us to consult), without being controllable by any other or ac countable to an*', further tlurn his obligation to uphold the verity of Christian profession, and to maintain frater nal coram < 1 m in charity and peace with neighbouring churches, did require; in* which regard, if he were notably peccant, he was liable to be disclaimed by them as no good Christian, and rejected from communion, together with his church, if it did adhere to him in his misde- | meanours. Extract from Bishop Sage. A Vindication of a j Treatise intituled The Principle of the Oyprianee Age.— j The Bishops of those times, 11*011 many prudential con- j siderations, some perhaps common to all ages, others pe culiar to their own times and circumstances, were willing to give all proper and reasonable satisfaction to the people concerning sometimes the necessity, sometimes 1 the expediency, always the equity of whatever resolution | they took, or orders they appointed, or methods they chose, or depress they made, or canons they enacted, or sentences they formed, or censures they inflicted, in a word, of their whole administration of the Government. Nay, it is very credible that they were very tender of doing anythingthat might cross the people's inclinations. It is credible they.seldom or never did it but when the people were notoriously unreasonable. They were will ing, and it was their wisdom to live in concord and good correspondence with the people, r.gt to oliend them, not to provoke them, not to embitter them. Whatever al lowances, therefore, cotild consist with the honour and deference due to paternal authority, they were willing to grant to the people. Bat it wa* very well consistent with the honour and regard due 10 suoli authority that as many of the people as pleased, and was convenient, even in provincial councils, to be iriiue^c* of what was 1 done in them. It was no ways inconsistent with the in*1 terssts and csiTaneics of authority even to allow such of | the people as pretended to hear them, to propose reason- [ able overtures or reasonable objections, It was iu many i cases necessary lliat lroai the people they should receive informations and testimonies concerning matters of fact. To be allowed to give advice is one thing, and to define is another. There is a great difference between debating and determining; and if the people were allowed to be present they could not be hindered to judge unless their | natures had been changed, it being natural to men, as they are men, to liave their own judgment of everything that comes to their knowledge. But to judge as "a man, and to judge as a man in authority, are very different | things. 