Grammar corrraponimtcr. [We do not. identify our opinions with those of our Correspondents.] BAPTISMAL REGENERATION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE COLONIAL!. TIMES. August 9 1855; SIR,-Perhaps there is no error of doctrine more dangerous in its consequences than the ton- ing a reliance on the efficiency of sacraments. If they are absolutely necessary, and strictly efficient when received, how much more excellent must have been the primitive church; whose every action was a sign or sacrament of some glorious mystery than is the christian, which returns but two to a test the truth and excellence of the due. to one of Jesus? But, it would seem the Jew never imagined that any grace could have been communicated by the external sign, unless the implied mystery were also written in the heart. Not so now for many called christian do not hesitate to assert, that the grace of God will in evitably wait on their external act, arid infuse itself into the heart of even an infidel recipient. In a former letter, which appeared in your paper of the 14th ult., I brought Borne proofs that the doctrine of baptUraul rugger ration, though apparently r to the Council of Trent, was yet only just in equivocally declared by that body to be a door- li side of the Church of Home; and that, when expressions in the other writers seem to prove its having been recognised by the received doctrine of the Catholic Church, they can only be received in an alleged, 1 or figurative sense. as I shall now endeavour to show, that, however individuals at the present day may treat such doctrine, It yet has not been received by the Re- formed Churches as Cue founded and holy writ. is a . , In examining this subject, it would be unfair to take up the opinion of any man, or body of man, and assume that their expressions, how solemnly soever they may be delivered, could contain a more; correct idea of the doctrines of the ? community to which they professedly belong-] than were contained in the formularies of the body, which had long before been delivered with clear, logical and grammatical 'accuracy.', Such expressions can only show their own private opi-, nine ; in-giving which, they are, ofoooVse, entitled to the perfect exercise of their, private judgment/provided They do not attempt to re- strain that of other'men/further than can be effected by fair and logical arguments. ! But when we find a number of gentlemen, assembled Vii h the appearance of authority, to ar- range the affairs of a Church, declaring that we believe regeneration to be the work of God in the sacrament of baptism, by which infants, baptized with water in the name of the Fat her,' Son, and toughest, die unto sin, and rise again unto righteousness and, that it is the doctrine of our Church, that all infants do by baptism, real live the grace of regeneration ''-Sydney Minutes. We may readily believe that they have stated their own opinions candid lie and that, were they about to found, or reform, n" Church) such should be amongst its fundamental articles. Hut, while reasonably doubting; to what church such gentlemen belong,, it is not difficult to recognise the perfect coincidence of the fir expressions with the doctrines of I'reut. Now the Church of England has spoken so clearly, logically,' and distinctly in her formularies that it becomes a matter of no little surprise when a plain man, unbiassed by popish reading, can military her meaning and she expressly gays of baptism, that it is .. designed regeneration, or new birth.'' That it is, "That by which the promises of the forgiveness of sin, and of our adoption to be the sons of God, by the Holy Ghost has visibly signed and sealed.' but '. it is a certain sure witness, a id effectual sign of God's grace towards us.'' But she calls, it neither adoption, grace, sauciilicatioD, or re-, gi neat on. Again, we find her declaring in her Horn i lies;-" When the Holy Ghost worketh, then nothing is impossible, n3 may further appear, also, by the in Ward regeneration and sanctification tion of mankind.'' " Had he." Nicodemus. " known The great powers of the Holy Ghost in this both ill' that it is he which inwardly worketh the regeneration and new birth of' haunting, the wool 1 never have cavilled at Christ's word, but would rather have taken occasion thereby, to praise and glorify God, It is the proper office of the Holy Ghost 't'J sanctify and regene- rate ; whereat the last tin mine it is hid From our- in lerstaiiiliiig the more it ought to cause all men to wonder at the secret and mighty working of God's'linly Spirit, which is within us. For it is the Holy Ghost, and no other thing, that (hath quicken the minds of men." ' Who can choose, but marvel, that Paul, of a cruel and bloody persecutor, should become a faithful disciple of Christ to reach the Gentiles ? Such is the power of the Holy Ghost to receive late man, and, as it was, to bring them forth a new." Home for White. The following passages of the Church Cate, eh is no would also seem conclusive, that the Church of England does not tie the grace to the sacrament, which, trust be remembered, is the outward Mgn only, as the Homily suith, " Christ ordained no other element to be used in. baptism but only More-, whereunto, when the word is joined it is made a full and perfect sacrament "0 -What is the inward and spiritual grace? ASA devil unto stn, a new in the up to right, cushions, for b m.; by nature born in sin and the children of wrath, We are hereby made the children of grace." Where, if there be any accuracy in language, the word hereby must refer to the nearer ante- > sident the spiritual grace 2 and not to the more remote the form of baptism. Now. although we cannot fully rely on modern interpreters, especially when attempting to enforce a "n n natural exposition of our church's formal tries, yet the words of those men who lived at the time of their compilation, and were even engaged the in nay. in by of whom shed their blood in testimony of their sincerity any enable us to ascertain their meaning, if doubtful Tindal said - - As the'biruumoisoU in the flesh and not in the heart, has no part in God's good promises, even so they that be baptised in the fl he. and not in the heart, has no part in it in its blood. . And as the circularised in heart, a d nut in the flesh, had (uri in God's good promises ; even so a, Turk unbaptised, (because he either knoweth not that he ought to have it, or entries for tyranny) if he believe in Christ, and live as Christ did and taught, them bath he his part in Christ's blood."- Tynd im B ¡pifan. , Firth *8>iih-''This outward sun doth neither give us the spirit of God, of. either yet grace, the it is the favour of God. For if, through the wash- ing in the water, the spirit or grace were given, then should it follow, that whosoever Were baptised in water should receive this precious gift ; but that is not so, therefore I must needs conclude that this outward sign by any power or in fl II nea that it hath, bringeth not the Spirit or favour of God " " If the Spirit of God and his grace mere bound unto the sacrament-, then where the sacraments were administered there must th.- s; writ of grace wait on; and when they were at ministered should be neither spirit Or grace. But. that is false fur Cornelius and. all his household received the Holy Gli'ibt before they were baptised.'' .. Baptl m is a 8 icrU nent that is the sign of a holy thing even a token of the grace and free mercy which was before given him, a visible example of invisible grace, which is done and given through the gentleness of God.". Frith's Declaration of Baptism. Let one man of our reach mers speak, a Bishop, who, as a martyr, robe sealed with his blood the truths which he taught in our church formularies Latimer says, in a sermon preached before King Edward VI., " Christ saith, except a man be born, from above, he cannot see the kingdom of God." He must have a regeneration. What is ttUs regent ration ? It is not to be christened in water, as those firebrands exi b md it, and nothing else How is it to be expounded then ? St Peter saith, To be born again,' and how? Met by a mortal seed, but an i mortal. What is immortal seed 1 By the word of the living God by the word of God preached and opened Thus cometh in our new births' And, on another occasion, he saith, " Our Saviour saith to Nicoilemm, except a man be born anew, he cannot see the kingdom of God. But how cometh this regeneration ? By hearing and believing the word of God, for so saith St Peter.'' , A few passages from the Scotch Confession of faith bear on the present subject, as the voice of a protestant church, and as repudiating this wretched figment, by which the souls of too many are lulled into a false security in the midst of its' real danger. " Eliot infants, dying in infancy, are register rated and saved by Christ, through the Spirit, who worketh when, and where, and how he pleases.''- Con. find, c x., see. in. Although it be a great sin to contemn or neglect this ordinances baptism yet grace and salvation are not no inseparably annexed unto it, as that no person can be regenerated or saved without it, or that all that are baptised are undoubtedly regenerated." Con. find., o. xxviii., and. v. The efficacy of baptism is not tied to that moment of time wherein it is administered," Seo. vi. I shall only bring a few passages more from the" formularies of the French reformed church. " We believe that we become partakers of Christ's righteousness through faith" only.'' - Con de for. art. xx. " We believe that through faith! we become regenerate to newness of life, being naturally so eyes to see. But through faith we receive grace to live piously and in the fear of God, and receive moreover, the promise given in the gospel, namely; the Holy Ghost." Art. xxii. 3 We confess daily two and mental the former of which, baptism, was given as a witness or sign of our adoption; since by it we' are admitted into the body of Christ, to the end that we might be washed and cleansed by his blood, and renewed the holiness of life by the Holy Spirit." Art XMV. ' ' I night thus multiply quotations from the comes along and recognised works of the reformed churches, proving that, although recognising the importance baptised in a christian sacrament, instituted by our blessed Redeemer, they date the idea of our regeneration being indicate. lubly connected therewith They call baptism a witness, sign, or seal of our regeneration,, adoption, or sanctification. ( But unless, in some highly mystical works, We find it not called by those names, in this agreeing with the early fathers, who, though highly fanciful and mystic, yet in their more sober treatises, distinguished with sufficient clearness, the sign from the thing signified n _ Did I not find my subject trespassing too much on your space, I should make one more set up, and prove from Holy Writ what is the real nature of regeneration. that it is truly a cb. inge of heart, of such a nature that disburse absolutely tied to happen m, would imply a contract effort to the words of our Lord. But he roar that they who stand forth so zealously in favor of baptism U regeneration are both practically and theoreti- cash ignorant of what regeneration really means, I feel that I have said sufficient to prove that those >! ruling scheme may be t and fully developed Under the To tering care of the see of Rome, when it stands forth beside transubstantiation in the Eucharistic pair often It matched pillars to stop port that astounding mystery, and that it has to been recognised by the early fathers, nor by reformed churches, as a doctrine of the catholic church In conclusion I would again request my reader to ask himself seriously and solemnly, 'Am Iborh again' An Irtgeneiated And that he rest not satisfied with his state, till on authority and was loss of Holy Writ, he is enabled to answer the n pou lo 'I know that I have eternal hie.' 1 John v 13. J. BURROWES, 