MR, KOKBÜCK AND TUR'ÀBEltDERN l¡ '!' MINISTRY. .'.;"!';'.' {From the Daily Netns, July ' I lt. i^xnl night Air. Itoeuuck called upon UioHouso .or,. Commons to duclnro whether thoy.hnd . heen in earnest when tiley voted thu appointment" bf tho Sebastopol.-. Committee, at tho 'beginning of tho present'.sós&jin;'or whother upon that occasion they hud only been trilitosi with the titrent of exacting ministerial-accountability,; and nedor the pretonco of a virtual itnpeftehment;trj-ti»g. to crib a little popuhirity for themselves. ' Tho . honov ubjo member for Sheflleld performed his task;'int», manner worthy of himself and worthy of tho great, c'.iusn in bund. Ho spoke liko a true representativo* of lbw . peopled "There was nothing potty or pnrtiznn-'in'biiv reasoning; nothing of private or partial feelinghvliiw . selection of facts or uso of arguments. Ho! .collied himself to tho capital grounds of accusation, lind'novor: wandered from tho highway of national' intprest^firuL' national duty, to pursue a particular \lulirii|uent'¿'''!lák(> ono who felt tho deep obligation incident'to his'ptjs'ltíónv he spoko willi " fearless simplicity' rin'díl:«i^^icrí ' précision. The jury appointed totry 'Uni'Adminîs'iru lion whoi lind,, recklessly seilt ' a noble ' army to 'pettish unavailingly in a distant lund had given their Verdict of guilty.: and holding that verdict in liishaiid^' thdincinbci-;, foi- S'liefllold' asked' tho House of Commons, to coittlna ahd,reeord it.',']'. , "' *'"'" "".' ''1'.:':"'.';''"l Nothing .could, be moro characteristic thnir tlie^iúynncr iu which' the 'proposition. was 'encountered; ' jlnst'ca'd' or .meeting the., charge ut m^ innocence- would have done, tho peKoiiagbil)' awfignod. utl'ectod supercilious indifference, 'n'nd ' ObseiweU;'for several 'hqiir.4 lan entire silence. ' . Adhèrent^óf ffiisitî calibre (or no calibro;ut nil; ' were .succóssiyoly'Jimt for- ward a« skirmishersby Ministers und thldi-ex'-cttllbfijiursí. lo distract attention and gain time. H is iirfpbssiiblo th- read thc irrelevancies, and inanities'ofthoko" ppllticaX tirailleurs nud ' ascribe their appearance ffor';pürferiu ance, they were capable of none) tti 'atiy othcfVo'lijecl:.',,l}nfi v it is edifying to observe that few could upiiat-cit^iy'bc^gor..^ to enlist in this sort of service, even.to plcaRo'the nobility and gentry of office, whoso conduct 'was nt. Rt1ak,o; ,sttv»>' those who. lind no constituencies to'fciirl' Not ft1 singlo rupresuntutivo of a great town roso to repudiate th'é;'álK>- . gntinu of the mein er fur Sb elli eld that public1 d"p4hio«>i awaited with solicitude the vindication ol' tho nittionnt honour nt tho hands of the Mouse. ThoMnrqi\is*'ó'f'Exo tur's nominee for Stamford was thero ib'Iisp ; fóVtu^'his lordly disrelish bf tho motion., Wttlb J.'eopiiifeii'i^uuiL questionable Cnnibriilgo were rópresénlcd:inUüeiraíú'<in{;. the dissentients. Kidderminster luid Bcvo'fley iïéuwi in tho list-tho one in the person ' ol'"f.'o'rl4":\yaid's nppointeo, and the other in that of Kurd Ab'érdech's''l-otu .'These gentlemen were neither advocntosVniii:' 'KiiHl"ft>si»s for the defence, for they had nothing'now to titfl'íii'jUut way uf fact, and uqthiug old worth reiKMiting'iii'tpeVay of argument. Thu staple ol' their dreary ftriil'',ilriftlcs«'. discourses, tis fair as it is intelligible iii nil, ^c'ltis lo liitvo been tho threadbare pretence that 'to.,'cDiiilftijlïï thu ignorance, Wilt ol' foresight, gross neglect,'niiil'lic^ttuil. incapacity of our Cabinet, during last' hntilmii* 'mid- winter, necessarily implies a reflection oil'. ,th<3'"tí/>vurti.. munt of Frunce. Mr. Lowe especially pinnies' 'jiimsalC. upon having uttered prophetic words of wiiriiirig'ôii''tltis. point when tho select committee'', was nbitiit'1, tb' bo appointed. Hu recalled, with tho intrepid air of jl'huirL. who has no sensu of electoral responsibility, liôw'lyë'iliai.V tried to beguile the House by iippreheiisions bf/givifig umbrogo to his imperial Majesty on thc' otlioV'siuc aC tho Channel, and lectured his hearers because' théj 'hut'., preferred to do their duty ns the -subjects of her'Iiiinériitt Alnjosty on this side thereof. Thu French nilidóco ho; pretended in Jun miry would be risked by thi^r'iïiq^'ing'. how thousands ol' bravo and innocent lives''had' been thrown away; mid now that in J illy the inquiry has ended without causing a Haw or iv 'rufllo in, the friendship with France, thu member for lÇiduVr minster quotes his own falsified vutiiiiiiitiohs^'Jnndf ro-issuoii the dishonourable drafts oii; parliamentary, credulity over again, lt is hardly necessary to sny'lhtv'i the charge nguiiist the lute Lioverninetit is not llint tliny coiieerted mi unsuccessful pinn ol' campaign with' th» (jovernmuiit of I'ruiiue, but that thny failed'to' concerti. their jiortion of tho scheme wisely and carefully,"flint they failed to repair the blunders of tho diiUsoVby 'sub- sequent energy or skill, mid finally that «hilómir ulliosv were eared for, and clothed like the valued soldieiy'nf u. civilized and Christian Stale, our devoted ''troops'/wont lett to perish in thu field, the transport ship,' olid llio pesl-hunse, liku dogs. What has tho l'roiu-h fiiivorn ment to do with such a question? 'Nothing; Olid, to 'dui them justice, they havu never pretended that thoyt had. .'Still moro pitiable was' the nppeal of tim him. Arthur Cordon. Jt would under any circtniistmiens have' het.-n> in'helter tasjo if Ibo son ol' Lord Aberdeen lind nbstu'iuc'.l altogether from interposing in the discussion.' "¡Ve do. not moan to say timi if any litct ol' moment "wore within, bis cogiiir.nnce hu would not havu been justified ia '.simply mid manfully stating it for the consideration ot tho House. Hut we can imagine no lo.«s judicious, lind certainly nothing less judicial, limn for ono who hus u. volo to give ns a judge, and who has no function of amiens curtie lo perl'unii, to thrust li im.sell' . forward, fur no other appuient purpose than to parade Iii* filial apprehensions lest bis father should bo reproved; or censured. Hud Mr. Arthur Conlon been nblo liv argue liku a man in his sire's behalf, we might haye'pur-, doned, though wu could hardly approve his attempt ; >.*it having wholly hinken down in tho endeavour tn be- wilder tho House by a set ol'unconnected commonplaces' and unmeaning quibbles, the honorable member begun, to cry. 'I ho only real service he could have doiib Mn. father would have been lo vote with (leninul Pool fori thu " Previous '..uustion ¡" but this, tho sagacious'mein ber fur Huvorloy volunteered his resolution not'!fo do, influenced by no senso of scrupulous delicacy1.,'; but" beeunsu ho would not bo satisfied with it negutivlvfonr» of acquittal. Truly our hereditarios mid their íVominoun ure spuring no' pains to show up the homilies vof thix. system lluit makes thom rulers und judges over us;'' Wu reservo further comment till the debate hhs bec« resumed. Notwithstanding Lord l'aliiierstih'.s 'nffoetn linn ol' pressing for un immediate division, the ^((¡burn nii'iit was obviously tho work ol' tho nulprils arraigned by Mr. lîoobnck. Hut they havo beiín'oiilv'hñlffs'n'ccess fiil : no inumber with a constituency will''vont uro to leave town before Thursday. . ;:' " > . ' "' '" "j " ' <"V; rn, liKCttuiTiNu IN THU UNITE» Sr.yrKs.-7-III . uwvA.'ork, 1 >11 i Im lol pl i in, lloslon, il 1H nil the Huno. Tho recruit ing sergennt no sooner shows his bend nnd .rutilus lüs hottiity ninney limn n nqliml ol police is upon him, nudr hu stands committed, in thoso tlnys ol' dereliction irunv duty, it ¡H striking and refreshing to note those evidences, nf vigilance. Wo live muong shani reforms ; thorn nm simm shuttings-tip mid puttings-down of grogshops; lhere ure shani attucks upon gamblers; shuni onslaughts upon strolling courtosiins; shnin suppressions,of^o'ttery puliey olllces; butin this anxious, incessant pursuit of tho" ullied"recruitingailleurs there is no shuni whatever.. There is n zest anil un anim ns about it Ililli,, bespeak u profounder interest muong Um pursuers limn.' i.-J'uhiiiill.v lound to proceed from au ttiiadulteruteil regard'for judi, lie good. You muy people tho Everglades'. with il'ili buhtersj you muy enliven tho bunks of llio\ Bravo . with pugnacious adherents of Cnrnvnjul ; .Missouriim?,. armed to thc louth willi knives, und lo tho,throat with whisky, muy nitor u month's notico iiiviulir KniisiVs, niul? not ii detective or preventive police show itself... Jts, uyuu nud its ouorgies aro all t-pent iii tho Kiu-v¡eó"o'f itnsiiin. There is hardly a ghost of ti chanco discovered.of,g«f ling oil' a full company to aid in the conquest of/S;«bnstopciI before thu authorities.uro on tho alerl, nnd, tlifi'i'èii^irjiiis ing Sergeants Kite laid by tho heels. "You jnny'.'dp imy tbing inn business way eiisicr than swidl lhe.rnufis^f tjitv lillie» ii pou eontrnct. While there will.be.genènu.sutw l'action ut tho prompt uction taken iiilliose(e||8fls^ít.ÍHfor the ciiriuiiH reader to satisfy himself-how H,i'nny.,li,o ex jilaiiied. With nil tho pretended tenihuiey ,of ^i'uériciii» suiitimeul to thu ttussiun sido of tho (iucstioiij.therii itt curtninly too little-fervour in it to account for ,\\\m )« borimts vigilance in its interests ; und, sqiiieliofy1 br other there lu a general fouling of rntisfiielioh' whenever tho lillies gain ground in the tight, A lung-, jilii/sn ut St. I'utorsbitrg and a shrewd ngehcy hoto will ' 'Virttiii ut fy occur to many as atl'ordiiig a solution; niul,' though wo, uro by no menus prono to accept this easy lUiitho'd of ne-, counting for such proceedings,, it will' utldntiljtndly bo widely received ns satisfactory, lt may liri;tli'nt.' Ibis ex truordiiiury vigilmico on tho part, ol' ihir jtio'viirnnieiil, agents is purl ol' their recent syr-.tcni ol' p'rrsMWijt thu perfect, neiilrnlity of this country ninl onforcing^lliii^lnws. for its obwrvn'neo. Wu shull bo glad to btdióy«j'ili]ft this is the tino explanation, and bopô tho policy tliüiüunplod limy bo impartially comed out. -AVrt' rori; TttoW 