< moo* ' ràmi-r TO IUIU, M MAUCH O» T*» *<m .rOW*,»»." . .? . fConftaiiaf.) ', töth.-Something of a presentiment flattered abou Bj mind all yesterday - a spectre cloud, wittel appen ra - suddenly and without cause among ou thought*, and frightens away for tho time whatever smal portion of our destined happiness we may ba then en joying.; We strive to banish it hy shutting it out a often as it intrudes ; and when we think we hare sue ?needed, it is still there, dancing bafore the eye of th mind, and never departs till it hus mode an impression It may be compared to the ocular illusion, or dark spot .lancing before the eye of the dyspeptic, known in tin terminology of the pathologist as " mmeae volitantes. 1 believe it aroÍÜ from the perturbed state of mind ii which I had been kept all day by the mixed nature o .ur anticipations, and expected it would be dispelled by i aound i night's bleep. In this I was disappointed and the reason and the result would hav< made me believe, hod I lived a. hundred year .go, that a glimmer of the secoud sight had descended tc me from some of my ancestors in the good old times o innocent credulity and self-deception. M two o'clock ii the morning I was suddenly and rudely roused from i troubled sleep by my head bumping against the wood, work of my crib, and an unusual bustle and noise oe «leek, accompanied with tho roar of a hundred cataracts mingled with the shrill voice of the skipper, " It is thc a ari 1 O God, we are on the reef I" Then came some fearful symptoms from the ship herself, like the groans of suffering, as if a thousand steam engines, saw- mills and waterfalls were mingling in one wild and ter- rille .harmony. I hurried on a few clothes, crammed tome valuable papers and my last packet of notes into my pocket, thinking at first only of the necessity of a ?peedy retreat, ard went on deck, where it was soon «trident by tho torror, the hubbub, the thundering anil ?reaking every two or three seconds of tho long ocean .well over the reef, and the white foam spreading like a vast plain of snow aa far a» the eye could reach, that the ?hip nad made her last voyage. " It's all np with her," ?aid the captain, as ha met me in the dark ; " God's will be done.-Is there no hope?"-"None-but in the boats ; her back will break directly, and her rudder is «nshipped. Come and see how hopeless our case is, ami-then look over the bulwarks."" I went and «aw, and looked over the side ; but who can, who ever shall be able .to describe, by pan or pencil, the awful beauty aud sublimity of thia grandest manifestation of the " terrors .f the Lord"-I leave it to "expressive silence." ,..J withdrew roy eyes from the scene with sacred dread, ns if the actual Spirit of God was moving on the waters, jUty fore mo, and I could have fallen down and worshipped Almighty Majesty in what waa only His handiwork. , I Jolt no sentiment pf natural fear; but I felt my heart .pea to emotions of piety, which no other scene «r ajr> .nmstances in my life had ever excited before.' : .HT I mot the two females gliding about in the dark like two ghosts. They were in great.tribulation and fear, hut .oon became calm and collected, and recovering all their prcsenoe of mind, began making prepaxsticav for-the boats with wonderful alacrity and judgments-, AVhat gave me mo3t uneasiness at the moment was Mrs.Hay's condition. She had been calculating that the : présent wa* about the time of her confinement, and I was. appre- hensive cf her being taken ill in the midst of our präsent danger and confusion. This event, however, wa» ?ervod for a more convenient place and season. . < , , 'After sohle vain efforts to get the ship .on".tl ridge of reef on which «he wat fixed, into * «ran lagoon of deeper witter whore being in ballast «he wâul have floated, the bouts were ordered to be got read} tatd first the long boat ; but tho mate and some of th *rew appeared to havo lost tlioir wits for a time, or wei stupifitid with the suddenness of the catastrophe ; ; «nd observed with amazement in the midst of the uproar an .t a time when every hand was wanted sedulously at hi post) and nil his coolness and prudence required, th matu running frantically from the midst of his duties t give vent to his choler by heating ono of the boys, an without a spark nf excuse for the exorcise of his nnrea sonable barbarity. I believe that sudden adversity, n loss than unexpected good fortune, has sometimes th effect of turning the brain. The captain very proper] interfered and brought tho temporary savage to his sense: The word was now pnssed to get tho long-boat over th starboard sido ; but the longboat was, of course, as fas as a rock, and full of lumber, sheep, gouts, poultry, nm filth. No previous preparation for this emergency kai boon made after nil, only a show of it ; in tho parade c petting two or three little casks, called breakers, no bigger than Arkins, rilled with water, and a bag or twi of biscuit on dock, consisted the whole provision After an hour «ho was unloaded, and with immvns difficulty, swearing, and growling, got over the starboan side ; and when sho was lowered, behold, she rested 01 . bed of coral instead of water! an event which inigh easily have, been prevented by a moment's foresight Two minutes in her present berth would huv inevitably soaled her doom, and our» too. Tho »url that mighty and irresistible power, would have ground he to .pieces between the ship's side and the rough digitatet and branching masses of coral on which she wa» seated It is true, the night was dark ; but the stars shone wit! auch brilliance as afforded sufficient light to disceri clearly tho whito reef rising close to the surface and ii many places abovo it; so that shallow water migb easily have been distinguished from deep, by tho darke shade ol'tho latter in tho small lagoons between thi masses of caral which shone hy the light of the stan with dazzling splendour. Now, however, it was a dis play of wisdom after tho event; it was now clear that i wp* necessary to bo particular;.and the state of th« water on the other side of the ship was scrutinized ant found to bo much dooper; therefore tito boat wa! ordered tobe hoisted up again, passed athwart tho shir, .nd lowered into tho lagoon. I have alroady stated that in my belief no human language can describo, the sublime phenomena of, nights and souuds presented to the oyo and the em during our short stay on the wreak, not so much because 1 nm myself a very incompetent delineator, but because 1 am satisfied ho symbols of ideas or expression of thc thoughts by pen or tongue cnn convey to tho understand- ing of the hearer or tho reader tho faintest notion of thal dreadful night-scone, with its accompanying chorus, unless he can represent an actual chaos. You inusl therefore imagine it. Begin, then, by supposing you*, self, by some miracle, a« in a dream, sailing tranquilly on tho bosom of the dark bluo waves of the South Pacific until your progress is ul! at once arrested by a solid wall of white marble, over- whelmed every two seconds in regular undulations by i roaring surf of milky foam. You are at thc Groat Barrier Breef. Beware of coming in co«, tact with this rock, fathom the water at thc aide of this Reef and tho lead will descend nearly perpendicular thousands of foot ; follow its irre- gular fringe and you will And it meandering twelve hun- dred miles along tho north-east coast' of New Holland, across Torres Strait, and terminating near the muddy shore of : New Guinea ; you may estimate . its breadth from'two hundred yards to a milo, and twenty to soventy miles' diatanco frein"tho coast. Imagine further, all that .rm of the sea called Torres Strait as far as Booby Island, a distance of 403 milos, besot -with similar but loss extensive caral banks ; and when you have made a few transverse gaps. in tho groat frontier reef through which ships cnn pass and thread tho mazes of the inside roofs, you will havo some .idea of. what is meant hythe Coralino Son, of which this is tho most interesting part. But you must procood cautiously yet a little farther on iincy's wing to the'Vicinity' of the outer passage of which I have already sppkqn, and of course near Bailie's \- Islet, and'you will como'to another roof of great extent ' lying in front of thatjpnrt of the Great Barrier Beef, like . rampart between it and the Pacific. It is quite sepa- rate from tho fórmor, and; therefore called the Great Detached Beef; and, as you will readily comprehend, is exposed to all tho force of wind and wnTo'"from that yhst ocean, and I".cnn assure you a wave hero in a frosh brooke is no plaything. 'Well/ this is the great coral bank on which 'we were perched this morning-two .ours after midnight, and whore tho staunch ship Fran- ces Walker is" paying her Inst penalty if-that be not already settled. The spot where we left her grinding .nd dashing to pieces is not far from tho edge of the reef, so that she was right iu the wny of the grent Ocean swell, which forms tho grandest feature in tho panorama you are examining. Having advanced thus far you may as well get on the reef and rest awhile on this piece of beautiful Menndrina as affording the best position to contemplate some of the stupendous but every day operations of nature ; and first tho vost billows, the coral rock, and their effect upon the ship. Turn your face to the ocean you have been travers ing, and behold tilings about to occur. The night is dark, bat the stars are twinkling with bright radiance, and ?will enable you to spy away beyond the son of foam where you stand, the dark looming ocean with long streaks of a dim glitter, and intervals of deep shade. These are the successive waves called the sen or ocean - swell, which is always present in rreat seas, be the weather ever so calm. These billows '^nre nt this moment larger, moro rough, and quicker in succession, than in perfect calm, for the wind has been freshening all day : tho faint lustre on tho crest ©f each is the reHcction of the starlight ; nnd the dark shadowy spaces are the deep bosoms of tho waves. Now fix your eye on that monster wave in tho ran, illumi- nated near the npper margin, not with tho trembling ray «af starlight ieea on thoie which arg fluctuating »t a .^..^^.^JwlMs^IVs^srt VÍA sawtj^ada. ssf ÜMy. ^W^Íw)*1*V.M \ vkm WÁHt fkvWM VÍA MnitM «lstt», IHM) M lt aMMKMkoliei I yo* eau «M ". «ta«. 4f<tr«',fMUnf M tho «anace, am raoaated -with «« a towering whiteness." It ia a »hip I Mark «ell ber progress; Yon are deoply interested ii that ship's fate. The watch i» asleep 1. The wa vi Approaches the reef; the dreamy guardian ia rousei from his . guilty . slumber by the dsep thunde of the surf ; he looks with wondering eye, and is brough to consciousness by the fearful sight and roar of a sea o foam boiling right ahead ; he gives the alarm, and run: sternward to wake the roaster. The sails are backed but oh, on ; the -fated barque, borne upon the shouldei of the giant wave, rushes on to her doom: there is ui panse : tho impetuous current knows no law but on, on Look, there the master rushes foi ward and stares wildly [ on the snow-white sea ; and above the roar of th« breaker is heard tho despairing cry, " O, God I it is tin surf-weare oh the reef!" and then, with one dread fol lurch, ai the billow rushes against the rock, the shij is swept far away over the rugged surface, and settle: uneasily on a bed of ilinty coral. Mark the devoted ship how she struggles with hoi fate ! The swell rolls on in quick succession like lout interminable hills, thunders against the reef, and spread: and roar* over the rough coral in a cataract of snow, white foam. Sha rises on every billow, and in eacY momentary ebb of the water rebounds against the reef I oscillating from stem to stern with force enough tc ! make the masts fly out of their steps, while her timberi I quiver like the fibres of à 'slaughtered, animal. Noa I there is a pause. The wave is taking breath, and gathering strength for a fresh assault.. Take a moment't respite with thu swell, and direct your attention mean- while to the mingled tumult or men and things. ' Thc scene is fearful ; but to comprehend it you mast take it in with both eye and ear. You ¿ave . just ..seen tho ill-guided barque strike. The other., parts of the dreadful chorus now chima in with the elemental music-the hoarse clamour of the ' seamen rushing to and fro ; the stamping of feet and the rattling of ropes on the deck ; the terrine flapping of the loose sails in the wind ; a suppressed growl, and a low deep hesi- tating bark every now and then from 'tho old dog; the soft, mournful voices of the women; and' the shrill squalling of the frightened children; the hollow thun- dering of the monstrous surges which roar with re- doubled rage against tho opposing barrier; and the harsh portentous grating of the ship, craunching, grind- ing, bumping, and groaning on tho rough coral ;-all theso sounds mingle in awful harmony, swelling till the vibration of the chords of her deep bass makes the crew reel like, drunken men ; the very stars seem to them to ba! rocking in the firmament, and in the wild hrrrty > th*y think that heaven, and earth/' and all thinjr* are rushing into ruin ; and the dark- ness adds to the-terror of the scene. It is chaos corrio again.-Thus I have endeavoured to lead you in imagination over part of the course, and to make you share in tho occurrences of the first fuir moments of the catastrophe precisely as'they happened. . .Andi.in the midst of all this turmoil and danger, and in. the fa.ver.and tumult of the spirit kindled up by Rhette appalling events, behold him in whom alt your interest and anxiety centre; reduced bock in a moment to almost infantine weakness from tho shock, the previous per- turbation of spirit, inseparable suspicions of coming ill, and palpitations and pain. Yet his mind is still true to itself. You see him bowed indeed, but not broken ; fainting, - but' not spent; depressed ' biit hot despairing.-I felt for a moment or two that misfortune had at - last thrown her thickest shroud between we and every hopo. I turned shadows into realities, and gave a tangible form to want, sorrow, pain, ¿nd sickness, all aggravated by the flitting vision of closing my eyes- for ever, far from your gentle ministrations. I .never , thought once of - immediate destruction ; but the thoughts that I would not be able to sustain the; privations ami hardships consequent on this misfortune, broke down all tho bright enchantments of restored health, return home, and the resumption of domestic felicities, with which a too ardent rfancy hod' gilded every çireumstanco .of the voyage,,. These ¡were the sentiment* and emotions, of .the few .moments' I allowed myself for selfish and melancholy reflection. Tho bitterness of the moment soon passed awoy. and all my confidence in God's goodness, and my, cheerful but chastened hopes, ,rutunied. -1 beljeve |h«e is nor,deptli: of gloom' in whwh a."healthy.ruitul ruay,be involved by the severer incidents qf life but moy,, be converted into, ut least, the tranquil 'radiance of . sobered, joy, by I the talismanic aid o< fancy,;. under whose creative penci . ' .'" "8omasbapa of beauty move» away tba pall , ' ' From pur dark »piriti"-^ For it was by encouraging a rational flight of imagina- tion in myself that I was enabled to divert my thoughts frova the .terrifie scène,' 'and from the natural propensity in us to multiply and exaggerate the ? effects of sudden calamity, hy calculating on consequences which might ?ever follow, and thereby accumulating afflictions by adding to the real weight a world of anticipated evils. Of all tho attributes which tho Deity has implanted in . the human soul this- magic instinct, by its endless and . hope-inspiring creations, can most quickly transmute into glorious shapes the sternest features of angry fortune. I believe that life, without thc embellishing touches of imagina- tion, would be one unbroken festival of cheerless gloom, littlo elevated above tlint of thu babylonian king who was content to graze in fellowship with tho ox and the ass. And I cannot help concluding, moreover, that the man who is'incapable of sometimos erecting his castles in the air, lives life', but docs not enjoy it. : I oni sure ho has nover drank at the source of some of it» sweetest and pures» pleasures.! Why do we shuni tho sombre recesses of thc forest to enjoy the gladdening luxuries of its brightor glades-butbecnuso they nra .warmed . and enlivened by radiant glimpses- of" genial« auiishino'? Why do we. lind ono deriving his sole consolation and amusement from thu solemnities" ' of II l'enso foso ; whilo in the race- of life you meat with tens of thon.Mnds hurrying to the " meadows trim with daisies pied," to " trip it on the light fantastic toe" with the cheerful Allegro 1 The dull cold mind of the former ia impassive as the Medusa, and cannot he irradiated by the glow, nor entranced by tho gorgeous beauties and inspiring perfume of this blossom of the soul, and he gropes through a life of shadowy farms and aggravated miseries, feeding on wo; while the othors withdraw nil the " stings and arrows" from "outrageous fortune," by strewing the dusky path with tho gay flowers of fancy nnd hopo. In all the afflictions incident to the state of human existence, whethor they bear relation to tho heart, the body, or the fortune, it is imagination alone which can soothe tho sorrows of the. mourner, by withdrawing him from himself, and '? engaging ':his thoughts either in the cheering abstractions of her -own' world of delights, in' the. moro solid suggestions. of the memory of things, or i.i the ravishing anticipations of tho promisos of Heaven. . ¡ Whilst I loaned over tho bulwarks, and through the " mijosty of darkness" contemplated the chief.causes of our calamity, the long titunie wave waging ' eternal but ineffectual war against the defensive .operations of the feeblest of God's creatures, while they tranquilly lay tho foundation of their impregnable fortresses in the very bosom of their mightiest onciny, I became lost in admira- tion of the wondors of God's ways upon the deep; and of those grandest manifestations of His- powor. : The assemblage of stupendous and elevating images soon exerted a salutary influence^ on my depressed spirits ; better thoughts and reminiscences were suggested by the tumultuous scene betoro me. - Self and every nascent pang were absorbed in forming grand analogies between tho things of time and of. eternity. ; Memory, on tho wings, of . imagination, .,took ..--.its. { flight upwards, and far bnck into the remote mysteriös of Great Nature. You- will 'wonder at roy complete and almost instantaneous abstraction, from a.spectacle - so fearful and bewildering, but you may remember that solemn instrumental music hos Ute same extraordinary effect upon me. I first become rapt with the sounds, and long before the piece is ended I am so unconscious of every thing around that I neither hear nor see; and even the loud clangour of the instruments lia» ceased to make the slightest impression on my ear, and I remain a solitary being. ' . .1 The wild, chaotic aproar with its grand imagery had its charm ; and I will endeavour: to describe to you thc coarse of ray thoughts. Atf.first I-became somewhat giddy with looking at tile surf, then I felt myself career- ing through space away; beyond the star«, where the soul, ns if freed from the body, began ns it were to vindicate her celestial origin, and to mingle with essences nnd symbols of things with which it seemed to have boen familiar before it left the besoin of God-before time lind become a parenthesis in eternity; it roamed over the primeval void: it penetrated the thick darkness; descended into tho gloomy jaws of Chaos, from which it saw the first glimmer of. the Creation ; and < it marked and adored the Almighty Spirit .of Love, moving upon thc waters ; setting bounds to the earth and the ocean, and illuminating the vast concave of the universo with the greater and the lesser lights; it beheld with human wonder nnd awe the formation of Adam and the myste- rious in-breathing of the soul and th« life ; and last of nil it witnessed tho completion of the stupendous work, when . 1 The morning »tar»' Togathor sang, and all tba sons of God Shouted for joy. ' I know not how long I would have continued in this blissful revery, when some one tapped me on the shoulder, and bade me look out, else I might get myself hurt by the tackle ' of the boat should the rope break. My dream had only occupied « fen* minutes. It com nrnmtà, « Utile Mm OH tm* «JW lt* «Uw» tel«Un .kauo« «atar, «ad they, ¡««ra »tili oaoafiitd w «siai their .flurt« io get her up again and into a safer barth. I «aa, hoverer, reassured ' by the courue inj. thought! had taken in their flight, «hort at it waa; and X no* began to look upon all the circumstances of the wreck, and all the great features of the scene, as familiar things; and when they spoke of my getting ready a few necessaries tb put into the bouts,'! felt a kind of. reluct- ance at the thought of leaving the «hip, to go, I knew hot whither. After Herculean labour the boat was hoisted up from ber perilous seat, and launched over the other side into the small lagoon, where there was sufficient water to float her with her whole cargo on board. She is a very heavy craft ; and, ' from first to last,-it occupied more than an hour to place her in this secure berth. Every operation .was, retarded by the giving way of ropes, and tho tremendous lurching, pitching, and rebounding of tho ship against tho solid rock by each successive breaker, as it swept over the roef and involved her in the raging tide. This task accom- plished, the gig and : life-boat were next lowered, and then the cook and steward set about getting into them what provisions they might "safely stow, estimating for the roora and weight of twenty-three human beings and such portions of their luggage as were absolutely neces- sary.. The provisions consisted of, two barrel» of bis. cuits, a few pieces of salt beef, two or three sickly fowls, one or two hams, some tea and sugar, two starred sheop, a goat and kid, a few tins' of preserved meat, and half a dozen of porter for Mrs. Hay's approaching require- ments. , When all that was considered necessary for our present wants or useful for'our uncertain voyage was got safely stowed aWay, we descended into (he frail barks which were to bear us no one could tell whither, leaving nothing alive on board but the rats. Even, the, old snarling dog which overy one disliked was not forgotten, .nd I willingly place this item bf marcy to Hay's credit. The sun was now rising, and notwithstanding' his ever welcome and hope-inspiring pres*noe, hisr beauty;.and brightness only threw our own miserable condition the more into the shade.. It was th#n we became fully con- scious of the true state of.our. own affairs in tho reality of our wretchedness, and tho insecurity of our situation. On all sides, as far os human visión could extend, there was nothing ta cheer or comfort ; tho heart, but an intermin- able ocean of reefs at everlasting war with bailing surf ; some wrecks, and nb land but tho 'small barren Kaine'« Islet at a great distance, with . stranded vessel stuok fast among its' outlying ' rock».. ¿Wire« we were . on the eve of launching from the ship's side it . wak discovered there was no anchor for the' 'long-boat I Search was I made, but there was no such thin» iii the'shin: this in dispensable appurtenance'had'hover been thought ot never provided. Nest it iras found there was . no : «nil then, no mast I t Tho boat had . been. lately purchase! without sail or mast, to supply the place of the ship own former long-boat,' which had been sold with bot her sails and mast ; no, there was nothing of the sort o board.' The provident skipper now recollected then necessaries had been either forgotten or neglected : bu there was no time for reflection as to whom tho blaine c neglecting or forgetting them was to be attached. Thei came another disheartening discover}-, and one that on th first breathing threatened to influence our destin, moro than nny of the other wants and nvidences of th skipper's improvidence ; this was a want of sufficien seaworthy oars to work the boats. Of such as wei found, some were broken, and others not much to b depended on. Well, to mend these matters, and ii some degree supply more important wants, a studding sail and a studding-sail-boom were suggested by one o the men, and they were immediately provided and pu into the boat ; as for an anchor, one was to be made a the first port ! and lastly, wo Were to db the best will the oars that the. oars themselves would submit to This was good philosophy-wo knew no better-nm .way wo started, as ignorant of where we were goin; as if we had . fallen' from . tho rings o Saturn. We wero f far . in ' the windings " o . rampart of solid.'marble, ; and how to get ou of them with safety, or in what direction to steer whei out of tito intricacy was still an unsolved problem Hitherto we had entertained somo' faint hopes of th« safety of the Sultana, and of being taken np by her i we could find her, or.what had become of her; for a; soon as we were detained by the water nymphs In theil Coral bowers one of the guns wa» fired throe times tr give her warning of our situation. But the thunder ol the gun hud been swallowed up by tho louder thundei of the surf and the wind ; as, on comparing notes, il appeared she had got into the same predicament os our own, somo miles distant nt the same time and on the same reef. ? We had seen her at daybreak, but did not know at first it was tho Sultana. As soon, how- ever, as tho morning light gained upon the obscurity of the dawn we male her out, and before we left the ship, descried her two boats leaving her and pulling towards tho Frances Walker in ordor,: as we fondly imnginod, to offor us assistance and a passage.. -You may, therefore, judge'of our disappointment when' on meeting her. boats we learned that her fate was even worse than our, own ; for it appeared she began to break up and fall to pieces before (hey had been able toniake sufficient provision for their departure, before they'had time to take many of thc absolute' necessaries-of life, as well as things essential for navigating the boats,. Wo started together with heavy hearts indeed, but strong in hopo, rosigning ourselves to tho protection and vigilance, of the £ye which never sleeps. ; ''" Vi . When we had; been at sea for some;time we saw two ships in full sail at a great distance on their:course; til rough tho Strait, but. they either did not observe nltjoots so low, on tho water os our boats, br seeing us did not consider it prudent to delay ¿Ven for thé snkó of humanity.. Disappointment is apt to make us selfish and-give a bias to our. .judgment, - and .I am inclined to think dispassionately they did not observe us. We got into deep water, but wore jammed among tho 'sinuosi- ties of the reef, and we neither saw nor knew whore to find an. outlet nor what direction to steer. Captain Hiimuer held to one opinion, and of course Captain Hay had another. Captain Bimuier pointed out clearly on the chart that tho land bt-foro us , was Kaine's Islet ; the other held to a different opinion," Captain Bimmcr would have gone on- affeoi- ding to his.own juJgniont, but, Mrs.. Hay implored him not to.purt froia us. His judgment would have, led bim light. His -humanity kept..him by us. It. made, only, twenty-four'hours difference to him, nt presenta matter of no consequence ; : so-that we spent -the whole day in groping about fpr;<an exitt.front- tho intricacies of these reefs without making ; a ..mile in . tho right direction, and tho currents .wero so strong, we had not got a dozen miles from tho wreck when the sun was ngain approaching tho horizon:and-would --soon set upon us, perhaps for ever. The .sen. was .boisterous and tho wind was blowing fresh; we might in the. dark como ia contact will) a reef, and then our anxieties would certniuly be over ; but this was not what we wanted: 'each, man felt and knew,or imagined ho knew, his destiny:was not: fulfilled, that he had something further to accomplish' than devote his carcase'. to ? the sharks.!. The, crews had pulled a whole day against a, heavy sea, ( with hungry stomachs, and as I stated lind not distanced the wreck nbóve twelve miles; wo could clearly see thé barque had- not gone to pieces but appeared'to be standing as erect and stately as .when, the swell with officious haste enthroned her on a reef of madrepores., , . ... ,,... ¡ . , i It was , therefore r proposed, and, after somo display pf temper on tho part bf Captain'Hay, resolved to return to tho wreck 'and 'remain if practicable 'on hoard for'the night, until our scattered wits should return and havo an opportunity , of .bringing us ! to a right conclusion as to what was next; to be done, or what course to take. J Tho men wore completely. exhausted ^ with pulling, so long, with a very insufficient supply'of food to snpport their strongth"; the night was coming on, the situation was beset with unseen dangers, and as tho best, to all appearance!, of two alternatives-whether to tako .our chance among the' reefs, or board the Frances Walker-it was resolved, at all events, to try tho latter experiment. »We wera losing ho time, we were not deviating from our course, for we did not know .our course, aud it signified not a fig on what . part of a waru the boats Basted provided they wero fortunate onouçh to float at all. The boats' heads were therefore turned in the direction of thc ship, and after long and hard pulling wo reached our lately deserted home. Much caution was required and evinced in approaching her; lest tho boats should stick among tho windings of the coral, or be dashed to pieces by the force of the wind and raging surf against her side. We were obliged to manouvre like one. approaching the lair of a tiger, but we got..close to herat last, and availing ourselves of the loose cordage we had left made tho boats JO far secura, but still in imminent peril of being stove to pieces from any want of strength or vigilance on the part of thc men left to fend them olf. All who made the attempt, however, got on boord at Inst, but with inde- scribable difficulty and danger, at the risk of losing both thc boats and our lives. Captain Rimmcr and a few of his crew remained in their long-bont, but kept close along, side to abide the result of thc attempt, and render assist- ' ance in case any of tho boats got into jeopardy. It was as well he did so, otherwise all on boord would event- ually have been lost. The tide.was rapidly ebbing; and as the Frances Walker's boat being larger and more deeply loaded than the oilier, drew too much water for her present position, she was moved from where we left her, while we were on hoard. Captain Rtmrner in the meantime keeping as close to the ship's side as prudence would admit, intending if the report on deck was favourable to join the rest on board for the night. During the tima we were returning to thc ship, the wind .ad tb* »«st always kif li in tb» Mtor |»»sssjs. wu--IM« 1 [ breaking over tb« raaf with increased fury ; «nii wa - hm 'not been - many minutes on board, before sha began. V ;bump, jerk, and quiver to such a degree.that she appear* j at last to be breaking up under us. Ko one could keep hi feet: if hs>attempted to stand without suppoxt he. wa j tossed from place to place as in an earthquake; if hi ; attempted to . hold on by any tldng he ran the risk o : being carried away along with his support. The mast i ' and yards hiing over us as insecurely as the sword o ; Damocles, threatening every moment to fail and crust I us under their weight. Everything on deck, cannons ame i all, had broken their lashings and wera rolling about a! 'if animated by demons,' and added greatly to the daniel and confusion. I was sore with -bruises from' being knocked against whatever was in the way. One of th« great guns, waa jerked over: the'side and so nearly iel into the Sultana's boat as to graze the. arm of one of th» men, who was employed in keeping it ofT the ship'i ?ide. Had tho boat been a few inches nearer ii I would have gone - right through and killed severa! of the crew, as wall as ruined all hopes of escape from tho wreck. We were therefore no long time in.making 'up our minds to descend again into the boats, and thal ¡ with all haste,' every one getting down the best way- he could. This was . the . most hazardous and critical i venture we had made. The time occupied, by Mrs. Hai and tho children in descending seemed an age. How we all reached' the boats at last I cannot attempt an intelligible description. After seeing Mrs. Hay safeli into Captain Hammer's boat I seized a rope which wai hanging loose and swung down the side against which-; 1 ¡had man}', a hard knock, and nearly broko my leg by failing into the "same boat, which was nearest. While Ulinga above were in the perilous state I have been endeavouring to describe the danger wasnoless imminent below from the violence, of the surf. It required superhuman'exertion on th» part of those in the boats to keep them from being stove to pieces against tho wreck, or from getting Jlxed among the Angers of some prominent madrepore. Wt the meanwhile, th« life-boat and gig broke adrift and weie lost, by which the life of one of the boys, named Cooper, wos uoarly, sacrificed. While he was employed in keeping it off tho wreck, the rope by which it was maia fast'broke, through the violence of a long and furious ridge of breakers* and as it bounded forward when at liberty, it came closer to the nido he caught the end of a chance line which was dangling over tho quarter and swung himself on board. The loss of these two boats was an additional misfortune, since they contained tho clothes of saveral of tho men, and some of the provisions 'with ali the tea, sugar, and coffee. In writing this note now, only a few hours after the disaster, all tho terrible realities and dangers of which are befors me as vividly as when I was in the midst of them last evening, and considering the whole scene with all its appalling circumstances with perfect calmness, it appears to me a miracle, some heated fancies would nay a direct interference of the hand of Providence, that thu two long-boats were not also lost either, by being dashed to atoms by tho fury of the surf or driven on tho moro elevated masses of coral ; for the most formidable difficulty we had yet encountered, and the greatest risk we had run, arose ofter wo had regained tho boats in getting them, loaded as they were to tho gun. wale, passed from the leo to the weather quarter, where the water was deepest ; and before this could be effected, three different lines had to bo passed round tho ship to guide them by. So great indeed was this labour that I looked with admiration on the heroic and indomitable exertions of the brave fellows as they strove to surmount tho almost insuperable ob- stacles in their way. But they succeeded, and wo escaped from this emergency without further loss of any kind. No sooner, however, had one difficulty been over- come than others rose in succession like the heads of the Hydra, according to the common maxim, that mis I fortune nover comes single. We hod got safely clear of, tho wreck, and although in deeper water, we were like s man holding a wolf by tho ears, wo know not which wnj to turn. We were in ns mucli peril as before with mort perplexity, the night had set in when wo left the' ship, and soon became dark ; it is true there was a little brief moonlight, which gilded the crest of the waves, to which tho stars added their brilliancy, yet there was only light enough to increaso our danger by rendering :thc sight of surrounding objects moro doubtful : besides,1 we were as ignorant of the right course to steer, as if i we lim! been ,in Ariadne's cavo without a clue; so that, as >ve rowed about we wero burely ablo to keep clear of tho reef which seemed to bo everywhere; and had it not been for the louder roar and the whiter foam of tho suri on tho reef, wo would no doubt have been firmly nestled in the bosom of some of the beautiful Mian tirinas long before daylight.. Thus, wo groped, .warily -about in the dark in watchful and anxious , patience; wishing for " the morning! And well we;-might: Look out of your : window, and in one of the average : sized wood-boats, which aro , passing, up and down the river- every, hour, .imagine you see twenty three human beings stowed away among a mixed cargo of provisions, water, goats, sheep, a dog, some fowls and pareéis of-wearing-apparel; budding, Ac, loading her down to ,.the ; very gunwale t and tossed about at tba mercy of ,the traves in . tho midst, of reefs and breakers threatening, on any want of vigilance, to place us beyond the power of'rescue, and you will have some notion bf bur condition. «.The Sultana's boat was considerably smaller) than ours - and equally crammed although. the crew amounted to, little more, than half the number... j When wo first left the wreck yestet day and got .into, deop wafer between tho roef and tho swell of tho Pacific the commencement ! of-- the 'cruise-; was rendered rome what; ominous j by - tho : presence of ! nn enormous. shark; The «boat, as J . have, stated, , was . very .deep in ,tho water, and'this wily sea-tigor, which sneaked about - the boat for hours, would nb t have' found it difficult to lay his head over the-'gunwale and to' have selected f his prey. Every time the- boot descended: into the long deep furrows of tho swell we could. see the monster. hanging high above us on the" side of the wave :'and when wo could not see his body,' his ill-bóding dorsal fin cutting' ' tho water like lightning was a; signal that' the enemy was still on tho look-out.i -. ? ],.? _27th. After, a weary nnd anxious night, ' drenched with water and unable to move, being closely'wedged in by each other in the situation in which we had Bat down,'we were cheered by 'the gray streaks of morning, soon followed by a glorious sun-rise,-to us .the most glorious and welcome that ever ; rose ' n hopeless and woebegone mortals. With tho . light and genial warmth of tho sun, wo recovered , something of r. our good spirits and confidence '. .' *- * Hp wa» liow a little more nomposeil, and - wita a clearci hoad he and Captain Rimmer, after a- little parley resolved' to start by compass and try to got out of th< neighbourhood of this apparently interminable reef Woi happened by God's goodness to take the'righi channel, and with the help of a fresh atid ' favourable breeze ran sixty miles before sunset iii the direct course and anchored safely at. otir first , stage -ofl Bird Island. During tho day the two skippers, wlu had each saved a chronometer, some , charts nml a compass, with their 'astronomical instruments, were able to take ' sights arid to navigate with thc same précision os iii their respectivo ships;" While driving along before, the breeze this forenoon we : mel with an instance of unexpected good fortune, which, as wo took it for a good omen, increased our hopos, enlivened our still depressed spirits, and gave Us food for conversation which tended to draw each from his moody 'self, and shorten the dull hours. I mentioned in a previous note that two of our boats had broke adrift, while we were on the wreck yesterday evening, which considerably diminished our comforts. You may judge of our surprise and pleasure therefore, nt descrying a boat apparently without a guido floating along .right in áúr course, which on being overtaken proved to be our life-boat. This was n valuable and Welcome prize and which wo expected" would prove ' of great service to us during our uncertain voyage. No doubt tho gig would have been oven more welcome, as it contained the tea, sugar and co ¡fee ; but being-more heavily laden there could be no doubt if hod - 06011 knocked to pieces on the reef. The mato and throe of the men took possession of the -runaway, put-hor in sailing trim and started before us to keep a look-out- for shallow water. By this lucky «ccidfint, we were ' left moro at our case as to room in the long-boat. " After taking a little refreshment, the night 'being somewhat advanced, we composed ourselves to sleep, in the best way we could, each coiled up in the place he had occupied during the day. My bed consisted of part of two oars for my body, while my head rested on an uneasy sheep or goat which was wedged in like tho rest of us; and as I was very weak, and completely exhausted with want of food and the affairs of the j last forty hours, I obtained some snatches of sound sleep. We did not go ashore : on Bini Island, having neither ; the time, the disposition, nor the curiosity; we were not on an exploring expedition, and as thc island is a mero green speck in the ocean I may well bo excused if in my miserable state nf health and feebleness of body lean, not from personal inspection give any account of the pince or aid to your geographical or ethnological know- ledge. As to ethnology I don't think it ever contained a living thing but the polypifera which formed it, and thc birds which haunt its shades. We had intended to land indeed, but could find no secure landing place in tho gloaming ; and ns the surf was very high and the beach broken we were content to anchor in a quiet, safe spot, under shelter of a small projection of land. It is a ' small flat spot densely wooded and the foliage of a deep ' beautiful gr«eu, It is probably what Darwin, if I j Îtuáiia%já lüi^:^''"'^"-^'"-*-1 »MMN î<Wj»Ya £e» SS». He<*« «-M* .««»«»1 :U*oon 'filled np with cfetritua, tu luT WV °< *». «-0« islands of the Pacifie »nd Ind^T Oceans.I amlied I ! thia conjectura from the rocla ' »3rK>Mdmg lt ben '.ancient coral. î 38th. Weighed anchor at sunrise, lfltonoOS- P° sible, to maka Cairncross Island before dark« weather favouring ; our main object being to feV , Booby Island with all speed, where we hara Teas« to " believe there is a store of provisions an water, and remain thero till some passing'- »hi compassionately pick us up, if we te not ' to late. ' Nothing worth recording transpired this daj We passed several small islands and coral -reef! among wbioh the pilotage was rather -perplexing t us ; for, being in a deeply loaded boat, the eye is no elevated more ? than a : foot or two above the surface c the water, so that we : can only; see into it on the apo where we are at the moment;' but we cannot discen what may be lurking-below the wave at any distance When the water is shallow in this Strait it appears of i clear light green by reason of the white , coral beneath .which strongly contrasts with the sombre blue of deej water: but in a boat this useful distinction cannot bi observed, especially when the son is shining strongly . on the water, till the boat.' is almost right ovei the shallow. -It is,not so on the deck or poop of i '. ship, from which we can sea nearly a mile off, bi ( the colour of the water, any reef or shoal thu 'may be only a very little depth below the surface, and further still from th* mast-head. Being so situated, ii is often not in our power either, to foreaee or anticipate lurking dangers of tlii» sort ; therefor«, to provide against ' accident, tho light life-boat wat ordered to the van tc look out and give warning. Observed several birds , which were entirely new to me ; said, basking at ease on . the glassy surface of the water, a large sea snake, thc first of the hydrus kind I had ever sean. It appeared from three to four feet long, and very much to resemble our beautiful carpet snake; but the head was round, as if armed with poison fangs, and of a uniformly dark or . black colour. Tho büdy was' yellow, with frequent ¡ bluck rings or checks, and a fiat tail for propul. ; sion ; when ho was disturbed by tho oar, he . dived below the wave. We also passed, to our great j regret, several well-grown aldei manic turtles, but i we had neither the time ' ta" hunt for delicacies, : nor the means of catching them ; neither had we the ! means of cooking them oven if they had paddled into Iour custody. Xii ose were also the first turtles I had seen in these seas. We are approaching tba coast of Australia ; indoed, part of the York Peninsula has just become visible on | our left, and appears to be everywhere on fire. As far 1 as we can see, wherever.there i» scrub tkeru.aro clouds j of dense smoko. The Great Barrier Beef trends along iho coast here ot irrogular distanres from it, but every. I where leaving a safe and wide berth for vessels between j it and tho shore. I know not why this channel was not preferred by our pilots, as it must be, from its nature, by I far the safest. Protected by the lund on one side, and J on the other by the Great Barrier Beef, from the influ enco of violent winds, and the tremendous'swell, the I water in tho passage must-be nt ledit comparan ! smooth, which alone is an important advantage in s a strait. The coast is now (3 o'clock p.m.) much rr distinct, and I can plainly discern the sand-banks hummocks, partially covered with scrub and small ti of undergrowth, with Arcs raging through it at inter' nil along the coast. Bush. Ares form one of the cha: turistic features uf Australian scenery. Go whero , will in this vast country, and in what season you it you are sure to see bush fires, or the effects of them. About five o'clock this afternoon, we arrived ut the li verdant island of Cairncross, and came to an anc close to tho beach. It appears, liko tho last, to I formed of a patch of ancient coral. It is covered ? comminuted coral and purniea, held together by o eba rich vogotable loam supporting mostly banyan tn with a few smaller/ tropical trees and uhrubs. Wo w ashore in the- life-boat, which was .beached tor that p pose, and took with us such' luggage as we liad saved dry. Everything is soaked in brine, and many us« articles quito spoiled. - Tbo whole.of tho instruments ray .pocket'.case. ave. ia that predicament. . . Tho? I starved sheep have hoon slaughtered to sore them fr a Worse'death, ' and are to bo distributed among' the t orews, thirty-six ir» all, :f»r supper, to whom, tbey'V hardly suffice for-the meal. . «. ' .30th.-1have been -occupied most of tho forenoon drying my linen and other salvage;-but.on ;repaoki \- my things,. I found it necessary to part,with' so: even of the little saved to make' room in one"small I for only what''is essential. I hare, therefore, giv my sheets to Mrs. Hay, knowing she will soon requ. them. I have no bed, and they aro only an encumbrar to me; and, even if Thad, I know they "will soon hq much more service to her. than they would, be to i under ' any circumstance.' My blankets will suffice wrap round mo,at nights, for there is np undressing tho, boats, there ,¡3 no room, to lie down in them,; saved .my "writing-desk,, my . blankets, twp. pillows, i Bible, "a volume or' two '»f Wordsworth's poems,'r letters of credit, and the'first packet of this diary, all which nre thoroughly saturated with tho surf of the Ort Detached Reef.. . . . .. , ; },-,._ .Tho. men have been out in search of »rater, and hs been so fortunate tis to obtain several blicketsful fro the hollows of the huge banyans iii which it appearst rain- lodges: and ,remains from ono rainy soasori toitl other. The forest ia thick and gloomy, and never a mits a ray of the sun, and is kept cool .by tho consta perflation 'pf the', trade'"winds'; so that \ the' water tiri do'ppsited'lremains, or can' bo diminished'only by vc slow'evaporation, till thoso ; natural'cisterns aro r plenished by fresh showers,') It.is vary,sweet, cool, ai soft. I have' bceu spending an hour or .two in a sólita ramble over, tho island. I have crossed it in eve direction; and penetrated into the thickest of tho forei but, havo not seen n living terrestrial animal: ¡except small lizard and.a few spiders... Several of the trees a emblazoned with tho names' of -visitors cut.in the bar for this is one of tho nightly anchorages' for ships pas ing through tho Strait by tho outer passage. Mynttei tion was particularly drawn - to 'the initials of some tho. Investigator's people recently carved on nh nncici tree,' but. I did not'see N;' I».' among ''the "resi I suppose bis love''of faniö was 'nt 'zéro" nt the' 'tim though so near the equator.' As'a pastimo I foliow< the example, and defaced a part of the smooth tliiçk rir of one of these sacred figs'with my'hame; as'a'w'retcht memorial of a wretched man. I saw an eagle, some tic fowl, and a few very pretty birds, but tho gloom of ¿hi solitary place was cheered by- no 'song or sound exec] . the moaning bf the wind through the J trees. ' There : great' 'difficulty ia making one's way thfotigh'thisj.ftjfea The roots'of the trees, cyclopean as their trunks an limbs, do not seem to penetrato deep into the soil, bt wind along the surface, interlacing with on« anotht , at all tingles, mid forming a gigantia web of soli timber,'' fit carpet for the gods; tho meshes' < which are 'filled with leaves and coarse piece of coral and pitniioe. ./ These, vagrant roots ai not .round but rather wedge-shaped, tho upper edg béfcg'J''8h^-pe/;.^thán. ;th'» ?;. sido" that -rests, on th ground; wnicfi'i'è'fïd'eis'iv troublesome td get along, nn as they rise high above tho. soil, one is. in: danger of slir ping.' I foünd it'6afei to" step over them whero it wu possible. The .branches ?r9,lv, '°..nn enormous size, am appear to be ouV^fJnlr0pi>rtíóh to "th'é; trhïifc,''aird clenrl, too weighty ^support tijCjj^vés^fór which nature bn provided a beautifulcompcrisatíoíí. Eyéry-.largo bmncl is supported from (he .ground with. pio¿5." cnré_ bj- tw or more of its own offspring.' It; appeared tó.Tnfl/íí'tingi] their shade, and considering" the phenomenon, iii1* as soon as the ' branch , .begins to ncnuirt .weight. and . bulk, so as'.' to endanger its parting from the trunk, it sends down a sufficient nata bbr_ of. suckers, which »trike in the soil, increast in strength and .size proportioned to tho parent brand in arder toi"ullil, l,lie intention of nature; and that beinc ^hieyc'djjto.becij.me afterwards new independent trees lc take ptaco of tl«j old when it decays. This decay appear: to oorameuco at the top of the parent tree. The stems of all tbpse l saw had risen to a certain height, and there stopped, .' The top branches were bare of leaves and rotten, while.all thoso springing from the main horizon- tal branches and their supports were green und vigorous: all the trees seemed to bo precisely of one height and in shnpe the tout ensemble of tho forest bore a strong like, ness at « distance to a monstrous green tortoise. This tree is a beautiful family picture ; and forces on the heart a fine moral lesson of filial piety. The soil is exceedingly thin on the surface, and I do not believe tho roots can penetrate deep into it if the island be extinct coral as I think it is. The outside of the island in its whole circum- ference is higher than the middle, where it shelves sen- sibly towards the centre, as if it has? been once a true attol. On one side only did I see any quantity of soil. On the north-west side, in a corner of the forest close ta the lee beach, there is a mound of considerable height of ¡the purest vegetable loam,-and in the form of a rude I pyramid somewhat truncated. I cannot help thinking it to he the work of hnman hands. But whence came it ? I and for what purpose was it raised f There is nothing else like it on the whole island. Is it a place of sepul- ture f "I nothing know." We purpose spending the night on the island, bat we are required to nave all our traps in readiness to go on board and start by sunrise to-morrow, in order to noch Booby Island with the utmost speed, seeing; that both oar scanty stock of provisions and water or» teeming HMM already, At that itatton it, ia aapeetad ih*U And « «tora pf. both, t abonW ^aVhaao unfortunate «Ato require the» br not previously tailing , io with soma Teaaal awiaing thia way. After reaching thia islet' and waiting a few day«, if we, , find we'are too late in the season to expect m ship on «ur course, that: iv to Boob* Island, our lot ia indeed a hard oae. Bat it will be sa well not to anticipate evils, there is no need of enduring them twice. For myself I have always lived upon hope, and it will talia a great deal more than I have yet seen pr suffered to either obscure or extinguish its flame. O, welcoms petra ojed faith, whit« handad hop«, * Thou hovering angel, girt with goUUa «toga. \- The shores of this little inland abound in shells of Uta most beautiful description, from the minutest to the most gigantic she. Some of them are large enough, when the tish is taken, out, to hold nearly a gallon of water. Themen caught some delicious fish, which wera highly relished.. Ilulf-past five o'clock p.m.-I have been for the bast hour and a half employed in the good work of assisting poor Mrs. Hay through her trouble«, and she has just presented her husband with his first son, perhaps the first white chüd born on thia island. I know you will be very curious to learn all tho cirquna. stances of this case in a situation where I dare say you think there is neither house nor tent, nor hut, nor shelter of any kind. But don't forget that God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb. She was safely confined in the greatest of nature's temples. Four little tropical bushes surrounded by four of my sheets and tho union jock form the pillars and the walls, and beaven the canopy. What more could heart desire? No bed, to be sure; but then there waa the soft coraline sand, over which were spread a few soiled clothes, and her head was supported by my soft pillows. The affair was soon over, and you will smile when you read that for wont of a better nurse I managed tho poor little boy's toilet myself. Miss Shirlock waa afraid to handle a thing so young, as well as ignorant, poor thing, of tho. way to set about it ; so rather than lose time by explaining, I settled the matter by show, ing her practically how to do tho work herself another time. He is a fine sturdy child, and both the mother and he are doing well; and here am 1 again in thc shade, of tho forest seated on the root of a banyan tree, writing you the news. If no unfavourable symptom supervene sho will be carried on board early in tho morning. We must make no delny; our provisions and water ara getting low. ?{To be continued.) 