A GERMAN GHOST STORY. fThe Mayoneo Journal contains the following, dated Aschaffenburg,, 27th i October, under the head of the "Black Lady," a pendant to the legendary "White Lady" of the Berlin Palace, whose apparition is believed to announce the approaching death of some I member of the Hohenzollorn family : The Queen Theresa of Bavaria died of cholera at Munich on the 26th, asalready known. I bhaston to communicate to your readers the following hIghly interesting ondaffecting details, of which I can guarantee the extractveracity : "On the 6th of October, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, two princes of the Bavarian Royal Family, equal in birth and re lationslhip, were seated at tea in a room of the Asehaffenburg Palace. A folding door divides tis room fromanothserapartment, and asmaller papered door separates it from the ante-chambcr usually occupied by tihe domestics in waiting. Of a suddent tih latter door opened, a lady covered with a black vell entered and made a low curtsey before the two illustrious personages. tOne of the princes, no little astounded, ?oked Zthe lady if she were invited to tea, and pointing tolthe folding door leading into the tea-ronom (where the Queen and ladies were assembled), gave her to understand tlhat she should enter. No reply, and the lady vanished through the ssmall paper door. Both the illustrious person ages were extremely agitated by this wonderful apparition, and its mysterious disappearance. One of tlem immediately Isastened to tte nnte r chamber, to enquire of the servants about the mysterlous figure. No one had seen it come or go, except Asvat, Queen Tlheresa's body hussar, whos had met it in thIe passage. No other trace could be discovered. Both illustrious persons narrated what had occurred, arnd it soon came to Queen Theresa's cars, and she Was so overwhelmed thereby that she became greatly indisposed, and wept durintg tihe whole nlght. Tihe journey to lMlunich was fixed for tie following day. All the luggoge arid half the servants, were already on the road. To remain longer at Aschatfenburg was scarcely possible. Queen Theresa was filled with the most sorrowful forebodings. Shloe asked several times if it were not possible to remaln here. It would be too painful for her to quit Aschaffen. burg this time. The mysterious and ominous lilack Lady glided constantly before her imagination. Somewhat calmed, at length, by judicious observations, site at last sorrowfully commenced thle journey, which it was not t possible to postpone. But still, at Mlunich, awhere she was at first slightly indisposed, but recovered, her mind was pre-occupied with tihe apparition of the Black Lady, of whom she spoke to many persons with trembling appro hension. She was sought to be consoled by Ssaying thalt tihe sentries on duty had seen r the lady enter the palace. But all was vain. SThe idea that the apparition of the figure be ad a sinister foreboding for her lifo never quitted her mind. Twenty days after the a mysterious evening, Queen Theresa lay a corpse in the WVittalbacher Palace. Your readers are at liberty to judge of the incident as they please. I must, however, solemnly protest against any suspicions being thrown upon thie exact truth of ithese facts, derived from the highest authority, as I took the above narrative verbatim from the statement of the best Informed persons before I had the sliglhtest suspicion of the Queen's death. The two illustrious persons narrated the circumstance of the apparition minutely to several persons, so that the whole town heard of it next morning, and on the same evening tihe whole 'personnel' of the palace and the soldiers ao duty were strictly examined, and requested to state all they knew of the matter-a good proof that the occurrence cannot be set down among ordinary nursery tales." When King Frederick L of Prussia was attacked by his last indisposition, he sat one evening, about dusk, in his chamber at the Berlin palace. Tihe folding door suddenly opened with a crash of t broken glass-a white figure, with dishevelled hair and bespattered with blood, rushed before him. "The White Lady I the White Lady I 0 My death is at hand," exclaimed the suffering King, and never completely banished the idea from his mind, although the figure was nothing more than his fanatic and insane Queen, a princess of Ilelenburg Schwerin. 