THE HOLY MOUNTAIN OF LA S ALETTE.— A PILGRIMAGE OF THE YEAR, 1854. ? * BY THE RIGHT REV. Dlt. ULLATIIORNE. CHAPTER X.— CONDUCT OP THE ECCLESIASTICAL AND CIVIL AUTHORITIES. The Bishop of Grenoble was one of the most venerable, prudent, and experienced bishops in all France, and bis conduct in the affair of- La Salette is eminently marked with carefulness and caution. Public opinion became agitated from the commencement, and a considerable number of the parochial clergy took early occasion to consult their Bishop on the course they ought to pursue. Twelve days after the Apparition took place, his Lordship replied to those inquiries by issuing the following circular to all his clergy. It is dated Oct. 9, 1846. \- monsieur le uure, ' You are doubtless acquainted with the extra ordinary facts which are said to have taken place in the parish of La Salette, near Corps. ' I request you to open the Synodal Statutes which I gave to my Diocese, in the year 1829. You will find the following passage at page 94- : — ' ' We prohibit, under pain of suspension to be incurred ipso facto, any one from declaring a new miracle, or causing to be printed or published any account thereof, under whatsoever pretext of notoriety, except hy the authority of the Holy See or of our own, and that after an exact and rigid examination.' . ' Since, then, we have not pronounced on the events in question, both wisdom and duty prescribe to you the greatest reserve, and, above all, an ab soiuie silence m tue pmpis wim reierence to ims subject. V Nevertheless, a lithographic print has been allowed to make its appearance, and verses have been added to it. ' I announce to you, Mons. le Cure, that this publication has not only been made without my approval, but that it has exceedingly displeased me, and that I have formally and severely ex pressed my disapproval. Be, then, upon your guard, and set an example of that prudent reserve which- you will not fail to recommend to others. ' Receive, Mons. le Cure, the assurance of my sincere and affectionate attachment. ' H- PniLiBERT, Bishop of Grenoble.' Meanwhile the Bishop carefully collected in formation on the question of fact. * He received numerous letters and circumstantially detailed reports ; he listened to the recitals of pilgrims from his own diocese, as well as from other parts: he caused the places to be visited, and the chil dren to be interrogated, not only by the Cures of Corps and of La Salette, but also by the most respectable clergy of the adjoining districts ; he required the most distinguished ecclesiastics of his episcopal city to write ? out statements of the impressions they had derived from their own in vestigations. And in the course of three months the illustrious prelate had in hand a volumin ous collection of documents on the question of fact. He then judged it expedient' to nominate two commissions, one composed of the Canons of his Cathedral, the other of the Professors of his Episcopal Seminary. He charged them with the duty ot examining this collection of documents, and of drawing up a report from them. But each of the commissions was enjoined to give its separate report without any concert with the other. The Abbe Rousselot has given extracts from these two reports. The opinions and recommen dations which thev put forth are in their substance identical. They advise the waiting for more de cisive evidence, — recommend that in an affiir of so grave a nature, nothing should be precipitated. — express a conviction that if the work be of God, and have some great providential design in it, He will not fail to clear it up in time. — but without deciding either for or against the ques tion of a miraculous manifestation, they give it as their opinion that as the concours'e to the mountain of La Salette has nothing of evil in it, and is attended with sood effects, it should not be interfered with. One of the commissions pre sented with their report a series of questions, with j the expression of their wish to see them clearly and satisfactorily answered. From these reports and the documents they were founded on. M. Rousselot observes that three facts were verified. 1st. That a prompt and extraordinary celebrity had been given to the event of La Salette ; that the children had un dergone long and numerous interrogatories, ably couducted by persons both capable and wisely distrustful ; and that the placed ? which were the reported scene of the event had been most care fully investigated. 2ndly. That a remarkable religious conversion of the inhabitants of the canton of Corps, and of the neighbouring districts. had followed the event. Srdly. That from the very commencement, reports were generally spread HUM Llt^lltCU, VU CA.ll UUl UJUdl - llOUlllf, illtU C» Cll of miraculous healings, obtained by invocation of Our Lady of La Salette, and by the use oi the water frcm the fountain. Seven months nvre flowed on, during which the Bishop collected new documents, and interro gated the most grave, competent, and judicious of those who were attracted by its fame, to the theatre oi' the event. After' having thus waited .en months, the Uishop of Grenoble issued an or dinance, appointing M; L'Abbe Rousselot,.'Pro fessor of Theology, and Honorary Vicar- General, with M. L'Abbe Orcel, Superior of the Episcopal Seminary, in quality of commissioners, delegated to make enquiry, and to collect information, re lative to the fact in question. They were to as sociate with themselves those clergymen and lay men whose presence they might judge useful for clearing up the truth. And they were, to make enquiries, with the greatest care, of the medical men who had treated the diseases said to have been cured by the invocation of Our Lady of La Salette, and by the use of the water of the foun tain. The two commissioners made the tour of nine of the dioceses of the south cf France. They next visited the mountain of La Salette, and ex amined the two children, and a considerable num ber of the inhabitants both of La Salette, and of Corps, and concluded by drawing up their re port. For the examination of this report the Bishop of Grenoble appointed a new commission. It consisted of the two Vicars-General of the dio cese, the eight Canons of the Cathedral, the Su perior oi the Episcopal 'Seminary, the Cures of five churches of the city of Grenoble. Several other statements had been prepared and were made use of in addition to the report of the two commissioners. The Bishop presided, and eight conferences were held. They commenced on the Sth of November, 'TS-17, and the discussions were conducted with the greatest caution and solicitude. The children, and those persons, who, from their positions, were best informed on the subject, were brought forward and underwent examination. The principles of evidence were discussed and applied to the case ; and as there were some in the assembly who dissented from the general con clusions arrived at, this tended to secure a more searching investigation. The last session, held on the 18th of December, was entirely devoted to the consideration of objections, the solutions of- which were adopted by the great majority of the com mission. The report, as finally adopted, forms the substance of M. Rousselot' s first work, ' La verite de FEvenement de La Salette.' The re volutionary outbreak of February, 1 Si-S, induced the author to delay its publication for several months. When at last it appeared, it rapidly ob tained a wide circulation, was translated into other languages, and brought conviction to many dis tinguished persons. It also gave -rise to new ob jections, which served as starting points for fur ther enquiries. The government had kept a watchful eye upon the affair from an eerly period. The excitement it had occasioned was too great not to have at tracted the attention of Louis Phillipe and his ministers. Suspicion arose of some political de sign, in which La Salette was to figure ; and under this suspicion the magistracy of Grenoble were invited by the Procureur du Roi to examine into the subject. Accordingly, M. Long, the justice of peace at Corps, commenced an investiga tion, interrogated the children, drew up a report, and in presenting it to the Procureur du Roi, he observed that the accounts given -by the children differed in nothing from the statements they had made on the first night after the Apparition. In words they might, but the substance was the same. They repeat the history, he observed, as if they were reciting a lesson ; but this, he added, is not surprising, for they have recited it so often, and to so many persons, that tliey have contracted a habit of reciting. In short, nothing could be discovered that furnished any grounds of hope that an imposition might be detected. And hence the Abbe Rousselot significantly remarks, that the authorities have observed silence. But to this day the government looks upon La Salette, j and its influence, with no very favourable eyes, and if they could find a means of detecting 'the human origin of the Apparition, they are well disposed to do so. The publication of the report by the Abbe Rousselot forms an important era in the history of La Salette. It drew forth expressions of ap proval from a considerable number of prelates, to whom the Bishop of Grenoble had sent it. From His Holiness, to whom a copy was presentec'i, it brought a letter to the author, replete with en couragement. 'We greatly congratulate you.' says the Holy Father, ;t that in writing your book you have laboured to amplify the glory 'of the most Blessed Virgin. Delightful to us was all that you relate of the most numerous concourse of people who come thither from all parts to venerate tue most .Blessed v lrgm ; and especially grateful to our soul was it to hear from you, that they there implore the most powerful patronage of the ! Mother of God for the person of our humility. And we very much desire them to know that we bestow upon them our apostolical benediction.' The report, however, although authenticated and authorised by the episcopal authority, raised up a storm of controversy. Portions of the press fell upon it with avidity. 'and pamphlets appeared | on both sides of the question. But the 'adverse parties did nothing to overthrow the substantial facts of the case. Not a single name of any weight or authority appeared,' or ever has ap peared on that side' of the controversy. The pub lications which came forth showed no jrreat siirns of piety in their authors, for their tendency was towards rationalism, and if they struck at any thing it was at the foundation' of all miracle's whatsoever ; and besides, they abounded in per sonalities. So far, then, from weakening they served but to strengthen the cause of the Appari tion with men of faith and piety. This controversy had the effect of bringing out the work entitled, ' New Documents on the event of La Salette,' from the pen of its historian. Authenticated with the authorization of- the Bishop, it contained^ with other documents, a second list of newly - attested miracles, affirmed to have been wrought' through the invocation of Our Lady of La Salette, and the use of the water from the fountain, At- the commencement of the year the incident ot Ars, to which we shall devote a chapter, raised a new commotion. This had the unlooked-for effect of bringing the secrets to Rome. On the arrival of the two envoys deputed to carry the secrets to Rome his Holiness ad dressed these words to the Abbe Rousselot : — 'I have caused the books you have written to be ex amined by Monsignor Frattini, the Promoter of the Faith ; they are good, and contain the cha racters of truth.' And in an audience which the two envoys afterwards had with the Promoter of the Faith, after Monsignor Frattini had him self repeated to them the report he had delivered, 'that the books were clothed with the characters of truth,' they asked him if the Bishop of Gre noble could not then build a chapel on the moun tain of La Salette, and publish a pastoral on the subject of the Apparition ? To this the Promoter of the Faith replied :? — , . 'I reply in the affirmative to both questions. I see no -difficulty in the Bishop of Grenoble going forward and causing a sanctuary of vast and beautiful proportions to be constructed on the place of the Apparition, nor in their being hung up as many ex-votos as there are miracles related in your books, or as may take place here after.' On another occasion, the same prelate made the following remark : — ' For. forming a new sanctuary in honour of the Blessed Virgin, a. probability is sufficient ; for there is no question ?of canonizing the Blessed Virgin. But the fact of La Salette re-unites a multitude of pro babilities.' And again, with reference to the publication of a Pastoral, the Promoter of the Faith remarked : — ' That the Bishop of Grenoble might do for La Salette what Cardinal Patrisi had done at Rome, who, as Cardinal Vicar of the Holy City, after assembling a commission, had declared the conversion of M. Ratisbonne to be a miracle which was clue to the intercession of the Blessed Virgin. For,' he added ' even in the canonization of .Saints, the first procedures are instituted by the Ordinary of the place.' In fine, the two envoys returned from Rome to Gre noble the bearers of a verbal intimation from the Holy See to their Bishop, 'that he might do what he judged expedient with reference to La Salette.' In the September following, a great number o* the clergy of the diocese of Grenoble were as sembled in the episcopal city for their spiritual ' exercises; and of these the greatmajority addressed to the Bishop the following petition. ' Monseigneur, ''? The Chapter of your Cathedral and the un der-signed clergy of your Diocese, present at the retreat, yielding to their conviction, and con firmed in their belief by the encouragement which your delegates have received at Rome, beg of you with respectful earnestness that you would publicly announce that you authorise the Pilgrim age of La Salette, that you propose in a short time to build a sanctuary in that place, and that you invite the faithful of your Diocese, of. France, nnrl n? ni-.hpv count rips, to nirl vnn in this tronrl ivork by subscriptions and alms.' To this document 240 of the clergymen present ittached their signatures .whilst IT of them signed i counter petition. At length, moved by the wishes of the vast majority of his clergy, supported by the unanimous judgment of his Chapter, and after consulting with one of his venerable colleagues in the Episco pacy, who had made the journey to La Salette, the Bishop of Grenoble pronounced his doctrinal judgment. It was on the fifth anniversary of the Apparition that the celebrated Pastoral Letter was sent forth. It appears to be well attested that, before its pub lication, it was submitted in private to his Holi ness, and received a correction from his pen. It was read in the six hundred churches and chapels of the diocese, and, with some exceptions, spread a universal joy. In that ever-memorable docu ment, Monsiegneur de Bruillard explains the motives which had guided his conduct from first to last in this important affair; he recapitulates the history of those investigations over which he had watched with so much solicitude ; he enume rates the considerations which had moved him at length to take this important step ; he remarks that, ' docility and submission to the admonitions of heaven may preserve us from these new ^chastisements with which we are threatened, whilst too prolonged a resistance may expose us to erils without a rem edy.' And therefore, ' at the express demand,' observes this holy prelate, ' of all the members of your venerable Chapter, and of the very great majority of the clergy of our Diocese : to satisfy also the just expectation of so great a number of pious souls, both of our own country and of other nations, who might otherwise end in reproving us for having detained the truth in captivity ; hav ing invoked anew the Holy Ghost and the assis tance of the Blessed Virgin ever Immaculate — ' We declare as follows : — ' We judge that the Apparition of the Blessed Virgin to two cowherds, on the 19th of September 1 848, on a mountain of the chain of the Alps' situated in the parish of La Salette, in the arch- ? presbytery of Corps, bears within itself all the characteristics of truth, and that the faithful have grounds for believing it indubitable and certain. ' We believe that this fact acquires a new degree of certitude from the immense and sponta neous concourse of the faithful on the place of. the Apparition, as well as from the multitude of pro digies which have been the consequence of the said event, a very great number of which it is impossible to call in doubt without violating the rules of human testimony. ' Wherefore, to testify our lively gratitude to God and to the glorious Virgin Mary, we author ize the cultus of our Lady of La Salette. We per mit it to be preached, and that practical and moral conclusions may be drawn from this great event. ? ' In fine, as the principal end of the Apparition is to recal Christians to the fulfilment of their religious duties, to the frequenting the divine worship, and to the observance of the commands of God and of His Church, to a horror of blas phemy, and to the sanctification of the Sunday ; we conjure you, our very dear brethren, in the sight of your heavenly, and even of your earthly interests, to enter seriously into yourselves, to do ' penance for your sins, and especially for those ' against the second and third commandments of God. We conjure you, our well-beloved brethren, be docile under the voice of Mary who calls you to penance, and who, on the part of her Son, threatens you with spiritual and temporal evi:s, if, remaining insensible to her maternal admoni tions, you harden your hearts. &c.; &c.;' (Signed) 'PHILIBERT, Bishop of Grenoble.' From the manner in which he had conducted the great affair'of La Salette, observes its historian, the Bishop of Grenoble had neither to apprehend the judgment of Rome nor of his venerable col leagues. He sent copies of his Pastoral Letter to. the Bishops of France, to eminent personages in the Holy City, and to several foreign prelates. And very soon after he received congratulations and adhesions, either public or private, from a great number of Bishops, of Vicars-General, of . various, Religious orders, both of men and women, and of illustrious perse nages in the world. The Archbishop of Milan addressed to him a remark able letter. The Bishop of Ghent reprinted the Pastoral, and circulated it amongst his own clergy. The Bishop of Lucon published a Pastoral of his own, in the spirit of that of the Bishop of Gre ? noble. Other Bishops inserted extracts from it in their own Pastorals. It was published with out delay in the Catholic journals of every coun try in Europe. ? And in more than one place churches or chapels began to rise in honour of Our Lady of La Salette. Five months after the first Pastoral, the Bishop promulgated a second, on the subject of erecting the Sanctuary on the site of the Apparition, and solicited the alms of the faithful in his Diocese, as well as of all Christendom, to aid him in this great and noble work. At length, on the twenty-fifth day of May, 1852, the venerable prelate, in company with the Bishop of Valance, ascended to the Holy Moun tain, andlaid the foundation- stone of the Sanctuary. It was one of those animating and wonderful scenes which are only witnessed at La Salette. The terrace of the Apparition, the ravine of the Sezia, the mountain of La Salette. and the base of Gargns. were densely covered with people; the whole ascent, as viewed from the higher points, was alive like an ant's nest, with the movements of groups and processions winding their ways up the valleys. The young women were clothed in - white, the greater part of the men in penetential habits. The pastor who headed each procession entoned the Litanies or the Magnificat, and the chaunts resounded for many mik-s over that wild district. ' Seldom,' said the Bishop in his Pas toral on the occasion, C1 even since the origin of , Christianity, has it occurred that a Bishop has been called' upon to proclaim the truth of an Ap pariton of the August Mother of God. _ Tins happiness Heaven 'has reserved for us, without any merit of our own, as a sensible proof of its mercy towards our beloved diocesans. It is a mission infinitely '. onourable which it has been given to us to fulfil ; it is a duty which we have to discharge : it is a right which is conferred upon us by the holy canons, and which we ought to make use of. lest we culpably resist the will ot Heaven, and offer an unjustifiable opposition to the vows which have reached us from every part. ' But, dearly beloved brethren, however impor tant may be the erection of this Sanctuary, there is something more important still ; it is the insti tution of the ministers of religion who are des tined to serve it. to receive the pious pilgrims, to speak to them the word of God, to exercise in their favour the ministry of reconciliation, to ad minister to them the august Sacrament ot oui altars, and to be towards all, the faithful dispen sers of the mysteries of God and of the spin™'' , treasures of the Church. These priests win w | called the Missioners of' Our Lady of La baiera ?? Their institution and existence will be, ilKe ' j Sanctuary itself, an external monument, a perpe t lal remembrance of the merciful Apparition of Mary. Selected to be the models and the helpers of the clergy both in town and country, they will have their habitual residence in the episcopal city. They will dwell on the Mountain during the sea son of the Pilgrimage, and in the winter they will evangelize the different parishes of the Dio cise. ? .....This body of Missioners is as the seal we put to those other works which, by the Grace of God, we have been allowed to create. It is the last page of our testament, the legacy we leave to our beloved diocesans. We wish to live again in you by those holy men, who, when they speak to you of God, will remind you to pray for us.' There are now six missioners of Our Lady of La Salette labouring on the Holy Mountain, and they have fully realised the anticipations of their venerable founder. And to the zeal and devoted ness of the nuns of the Apparition, another insti tution of the Holy Mountain, all who have made the pilgrimage can bear witness. 