TilS ARMY ENQUIRY A mass of further particulars, in reference to the proceedings of the Committee of Enquiry into the condition of the army before Sebastopol has been furnished us by late English news papers Day after day the reports of those pro • ceedingscast their dark shadow over the columns of the public journals, and, with their fearful and sickening details, haunt the public mind as though they were the accusing ghosts of the brave men whose bones lie bleaching in the Crimea. Not even the earnest language of the newspaper writers, whose pens so pleadingly described the miseries of those who have perished, can have conveyed to the mind an idea of the utter wretchedness which surrounded them, in half so startling a light as the unvarnished matter- of-fact evidence elicited in the course of this investigation. Not only is it become evident that every department of the array was conducted under the grossest mismanagement, but the con viction that there was guilt, as well as folly, was every day gaining ground in the minds of the public. The evidence of Sir De Lacy Evans shows a monsti-ous indifference on the part of the authorities to the demands of the emergency in which the nation had become placed. Speak ing of the entire lack of foresight at the War Ofiice, he said—" lie believed that the war had been commenced under the impression that there would be no wounds at all and after detailing a great variety of cases of deliberate neglect, he added his conviction, " that war had been com menced under the supposition that there would be no explosion of gunpowder, and that there would be no necessity for magazines at all." Again he said :—" When the Russians crossed the Danube Omak Pacha applied for assistance, and the answer was that the army had not the means of transport, which ought to have been provided long before. He thought the govern ment was still waiting for notes and protocols from Vienna, and no great exertions were made to put the army in a condition to move ; for delay from this cause, of course, the Commis sariat Department was not responsible." These statements of an experienced officer involve a charge of fearful neglect against the Government who embarked in the present war. The following excellent article from The Times of the 22nd March will be read with considerable interest:— Under ordinary circumstances we should preface what we are about to print with an apology for printing it at all, from the sheer honor, from the pure unmitigated ' '"mwu" mf m \mm ■■■■ ■ 11 ■» filth of the statements -which it must necessarily con tain. But Englishmen—ay, and Englishwomen too— may well afford to stifle tlicir delicacies of sentiment of a short space, and to read a plain account of that which their gallant countrymen have been compelled to suffer through the unparalleled neglect and mismanagement of the military, naval, and medical authorities at home and in the East. There have not been - mting many eager voices raised in condemnation of '/'/• • Times be cause we thought it our bounlen duty to bring these horrors under the notice of the public while they were yet in course of enactment. The talc could not be true —it was a fiction of the " ribald press." Was it pos sible to believe that so many noble lords, and great "enerals, and experienced stuff officers, and competent medical men, and energetic admirals and sea captains, and excellent ambassadors, could have been guilty of such gross neglect of duty as was charged.- ihe fabri cation, from its very monstrous nature, carried with it its own refutation. " Mark the result. On Monday a witness who certainly cannot bo charged with any com plicity with the conspiritors ot the press gave his testi mony before the Crimean Committee, 1 his witness was Mr Stafford—a gentleman who cannot be accepted as any very warm partisan of ours. V\ e printed on lues day the evidence which, he gave. Meanwhile, we will here briefly recur to a few pouits which may he found developed in it at greater length, for we think it highly important that the}' should be taken in connexion with the evidence of Dr Andrew Smith, litis gentleman, as may be seen by reference to his evidence, entirely admits the case made out by The limes some months back, and by Mr Stafford on Monday last, ag linst the management of our Military Hospitals m the E'-'St;- lie only seeks to explain away his own responsibilities in the transaction. Wc do not profess in what immedi ately follows to do more than carefully and conscien tiously condense Mr Stafford's statements. It is unnecessary, after so much as has been written , upon the subject, "to enumerate once more the names i and distinctive characters of the various British hos | pitals on the Bosphorus. Let us at once accompany I Mr Stafford to the Barrack Hospital. Even as we enter we are stopped by a most disgusting and aoominable ob I stacle. The fieces of the wretched soldiers are lying j more than a foot deep in the ante-room. \V hat must be the result upon the inmates when even tne casual , visitor who looks in for a moment upon this unutter able pollution finds himself attacked by the prevailing disease ? Mr Stafford remonstrated with Dr Macgrc-gor on the subject. The answer he got from this gentle man was, that he had frequently been remonstrated with before, and he himself had frequently remonstrated with the superior authorities upon the matter. It was all in vain. It was not in Dr Macgregor's department, and nobody knew in whose department it was. No one could distinguish the limits ot authority. "I have no hesitation in saying," added Mr Stafford, " that if Dr Macgregor had of his own mind employed a dozen men to do anything in that budding, be would h ive been pounced upon by sonic department, and told ihat .m order for that purpose must go through that depart ment." After awhile, bv the help of the Doctor, Mr Stafford succeeded in digging out an individual who, theoretically, might be supposed to have something to do with the necessary purifications. By this person the eao-er inquirer was told that he was perfectly aw arc ot the magnitude of the evil — so minh so, indeed, that it° was his conviction that gangrene and hospital fever must soon set in. But what could he do—he had 110 money r How many millions^ of pounds sterling have been devoted to the conduct ot this expedition, and vet a few pounds are not forth coming in the hour of need to free our poor sick and wounded from such indescribable pollution, and from such imminent danger! " The horrible smell arising from wounds and uncleanliness ot all kinds was so in tence, that the effluvium from the necessaries could not be immediately detected, as it would have been had this been the only foul spot in a building otherwise clean." So, to be sure, there was some kind of excuse ; it was only a nose educated for analysis which could have disentangled the various foetid effluvia, and referred each to its proper head. We pass 011 to another mat ter—the transport of the sick. Upon this point Mr Stafford says that the poor soldiers always expressed themselves in terms of the most burning indignation. It is impossible to convey an adequate impression of the ghastly appearance of the poor men as they were landed from the transports. Sometimes they were kept lying in the offing for hour after hour without food, their condition being so debilitated and full of agony, as we know it to have been. The people on board ship thought they would be fed when they got to the hospital, the people in the hospital thought they would be fed on board ship, and so they were left without food alto gether. And such food as it was which they got 011 board the transport 1—meat floating about in warm greasy water, and unsplit peas, hard as small bullets, served out to men suffering from dysentery and diarrhoea! " I never saw, said Mr Stafford, " human suffering greater than the pangs of hunger superinduced bv diarrhoea." When the men were landed, a fresh scene of horror began before they were delivered in the wards of the filthy hospial—so great was the delav, so defective the means of transport. The clothes of the sick and wounded were " swarming with lice as thick as the letters in a - page of print." In this condition they were canned across the ante-room in which " the fieces were nearly a foot deep," and left to the care of the medical authorities. The doctors were so few in number, and so deficient in the aid of clerks or secretaries, that they had not time to elicit from the poor fellows the nature of their ailments, nor to take notes of the various cases. They prescribed haphazard. Doubtless in this respect they did their best; but what was to be done r The same state of tilings existed in the hospital at Balaklava. Mr Stafford found fourteen men in one room, and eleven in another, lying upon the bare floor. There was no ventilation, save through the broken windows. The orderlies and patients were swearing at each other. There were but two bed- pans in the whole establish ment. There was no washing. The statement made by the medical men at Balaklava was, that while the food of the army continued to be what it was, no expecta tion could be held out of any remission of disease. To this statement we most earnestly invite attention, be cause so strenuous an effort has been made by officers hi°h in command to refer the disasters of our army almost exclusively to the fact that they were over worked. Such was net the opinion of the military medical staff at Balaklava. The transport and com missariat service have something to answer for as well. We may mention, by the way, Mr Stafford's remark, " that if" vou wished" to excite the most phlegmatic sol dier, or to irritate the most patient sufferer, it was only necessary to speak to him of the green coffee." The French "had a street of mill ovens at Kamiesch Bay, and roasted coffee by the ton for the use of their own I troops. One more 'little picture, and for to-day we 1 have done. Want of space, not of matter, compels us 1 to desist. The time is about the middle of December the scene the coast at Balaklava. 340 sick and j wounded Englishmen are huddled together on the I beach, waiting for transport to the Avon. Some of ! them 'are sitting 011 trusses of hay, some on heaps of j stones, some lying on the bare ground. The rain is : pouring down,'as rain can pour down in the Crimea in | the month of December. Two boats only are employed , to convey the wretched men on board, and very slowly i the mass of human misery on the shore is concerted ■ into a mass of human misery on the deck of the trans i port. On the deck they are placed, with nothing but | a »reat coat and a blanket to cor or them- and this blanket saturated with ordure and abomination, i One more instance, and this shall really be the last I for to-day, in illustration of the results which fol | lowed to the sufferers from the middle passage and the ' ^°"^niey landed in a state of exhaustion; let it bo called by anv medical name whatever, it was chiefly exhaus tion—a flickering of the lamp of life; for men m this state these medical comforts were what was most needed. There was one case of a man dying liom his diet having been changed. He had been put on a strengthening diet and was recovering, when bv a mistake it was changed to a lowering one, and he died in consequence. He was quite aware of the cause of hi death, as he spoke of it; he said he supposed in so great croiod it could not be helped." ^ We recommend the whole of Mr Stafford s evidence to the careful perusal of that bevy of fine ladies and official gentlemen who have amused their leisure hours for the last four or five months by abusing The Times for speaking the truth upon these points Sweet Lady So-and-So's feelings must be considered above all things —never mind the dying or the dead, or the thousands who cared f-. r them as they cared for their own darlings. ■ Hind marsh Institute—The inhabitants of Hindmarsh, Brompton, and Bowden, have afforded themselves a cheap, useful, and advantageous means 01 recreation by the establishment of a select library in the large room used a* the offices of the District Coun cil. The library comprises upwards of 800 volumes, containing in addition to numerous standard works ot acknowledged excellence, a lame portion of light read ing. There are upwards of sixty subscribers, wlio are constantly- taking and returning books, which are read by at least four "times that number. The subscription, from its reasonable amount, 5s. per quarter, gives every person of moderate means an opportunity ot taking advantage of the benefits of the institution, and yve are sure many of our wealthier fellow-colonists only need to be reminded that their support would be ade quately appreciated to insure its being exercised ml be half of the cause of progress and uistruction. . Dona tions in books or money will be thankfully lece ed. Daring Attempt at BuRGRART.—About 5 o'clock on Sunday morning Mrs M'Clemcnt, husband is in the habit of bringing stock overland, and who ?s at present on the Darling, was aroused from her bed by a noise made by two persons attempting to break into the front parlour yvindow, and immediately Sdanalarm, on which the scoundrels, finding taniiSs discovered, ,« oece rlows and frame, and decamped, lhey yiere i.uioweo. ,0 ?he comer of Cume-etrect, but eActedtU.tr 