I THE BIRMINGHAM FESTIVAL. THE Festival of 1855 began on Tuesday. 28th Augutt, and ended on Friday. Of the magnitude and import- ance of the institution everybody who ia at all con- versant with musical mattera has a general knowledge : but a more definite idea may be given hythe state- ment, that it is a permanent establishment that has lasted above three-quwters of a century ; that its I meetings are triennial ; that the whole of its money proceeds are applied towards the support of one great charity, the General Hospital of Birmingham ; and that the amount thus contributed to a beniflcent ob- ject, from the commencement down to the year 1852 in- clusive, exceeds seventy thousand pounds. AU this is independent of the good it has done in advancing the progress of musical art in it highest forme. The Bir- mingham Musical Festival, therefore is entitled to be regarded as a great national institution. It may be added, as a peculiarity in it* history, that, during eo long a period and through so many changes of times, its course has been that of uninterrupted and con- stantly increasing prosperity. The meeting of 1852 was one of the most successful in the records of the Festival; it contributed upwards of £4700 to the Hospital; and, though the resulte of this year's meeting are not yet precisely ascertained, we may safely say that its clear proceeds will exceed that amount. As a series of great musical performances, too, this has been at least equal to any previous meeting. It consisted, as usual, of four morning performances of sacred muñe, and three miscellaneous concerts in the evenings. On Tuesday morning, there wa« Mendels- sohn's Elijah ; on Wednasday, Costa's new oratorio, Eli ; on Thursday, the Messiah ; and yesterday, Beeth- oven's Mount of OliveB, Mizart's Requiem, and a selection from Handel's Israel in Egypt, embracing the principal airs and all the stupendous double choruses-indeed, the whole oratorio, saving only a few comparatively unimportant omissions. The evening concerts were of the usual charaoter. The principal singers engaged were Grisi, Bosio, («rho was prevented by illness from attending,) Ru dersdorff, Castellan, Dolby, and "Viardot; Mario, Gardoni, Reichardt, Reeves, Lablache, Weite, and Formes. The instrumental orchestra numbered 145, (the stringed quartet alone being 108,) almost all me- tropolitan pertormers. The chorus-80 soprani, 80 alti, 82 tenori, and 82 bassi-were almost wholly pro- vincial ; furnished chiefly from the Birmingham Choral Society, with a reinforcement of Yorkshire voices, and a comparatively small number from London. Every individual was picked and tried ; they had repeated rehearsals under Costa's own superintendence, both in London and the country ; and formed in the eggregate such a band of choristers as was never before heard in England. Costa's new oratorio has had the completest success. During its performance the restraints imposed by cus- tom on the expression of feeling were disregarded by the audience. The principal airs, concerted pieces, and choruses, were applauded with vehemence ; and in giving the signal for the repetition of several of them, the President (Lord Willoughby de Broke) only complied with the general wish. The conclusion was a scene of enthu- siasm : the hall literally rang with acclamations, in which the performers joined ; and the composer, at- tempting several times to leave the orchestra, was as often recalled by renewed bursts of applause. This great reception was not undeserved ; for the oratorio, though not impervious to criticism in detail, is on the whole a grand and beautiful work, entitling ita author to a high place among the composers of the day. The libretto-by Mr. Bartholomew, well known as the literary collaborateur of Mendelssohn-is taken from the first four chapters of the First Book of Samuel. Its principal incidents are the dedication of the infant Samuel to the ministry of God in the temple, under Eli the high priest; Eli's criminal acquiescence in the wickedness of the time, especially among the Lévites and his own dissolute sons; the consequent denunciation of the judgment of God ; and us execution by the Philistine invasion, the destruction ef the army of the Israelites, the capture of the holy ark of the temple, and the death of Eli himself, who falls and expires, heart Btruck by the fatal tidings. This subject is somewhat meagre, and its treatment is deficient in continuity. To a person, indeed, unacquainted with the source from which it is derived, it would not be intelligible ; but it is not to be supposed that such per- sons exist in au English audience. Throughout the place there are many passages highly suggestive of musical ideas,-passages of solemn devotion, passion- ate expression, picturesque description, and dramatic effect. It is an advantage, too, that the interest of the subject strengthens as it proceeds, till it rises to a deeply tragic catastrophe. The language of the poem is almost wholly Scriptural ; the original narrative in the Book of Samuel being amplified by apposite pas- sages from the Psalms and other parte of the Bible. The musical portion of the work evinces thought and feeling, a rich vein of melody, an'l a great com- mand over the resources of harmony and counterpoint, -the counterpoint, however, rather of the old Italian masters than of the more modem German school. The choral fugues, of which there are several fine spe- cimens, are in the " free" style, on the happiest sub- jects, and worked out with great clearness and effect, but without scholastic elaboration. Some of the airs, especially those belonging to the part of Samuel (a part exquisitely sustained by Madame Viardot) are beautiful-reminding us, by their simple tenderness, of the airs of Benjamin in the "Joseph" of Méhul. There are some passages of a martial character,-par- ticularly a Philistine war-song, given with remarkable force by Sims Reeves, and a maroh and chorus of the Israelitish army going to battle, which grectly excited the audience. To these we observe, it has been objected that they are too secular and savour too much of the theatre ; end the eame objeetion has been made to the music descriptive of the profane revels at the temple. The objection may be good ; but the same censure is applicable to Spohr's banquet-scene in The Fall of Babylon, to the war song "Sound an alarm," and the triumphal march and chorus, " See the conquering hero comes," in Judas Maccabscus. Perhaps it may be objected with greater reason, that the excessive strength and fulness of Costa's instrumentation has sometimes overpowered the voices. But whatever faults may be laid to the charge of this oratorio, it is a work of uncommon ability ; and its production at the Birmingham Festival of 1855 is a notable event in the annals of muaio in England. , j MATRIMONIA-. HOAX. - Our columns (says the Mancheiter Guardian) have lately contained several advertisements for a wife ; and of some of these, cer- tain wags in Rochdale have taken advantage to play off some very successful hoaxes on the advertisers. One of these would-be Benediots, in consequence of a correspondence with a MUB " Lavinia," proceeded the other day to Tweedale's Hotel, Rochdale, in the hope of meeting the fair one who had so kindly responded to his pressing invitation to give him an interview ; but, though he displayed the tokens previously agreed upon, no " Lavinia " met his expectant gaze. His dis- appointment, however, was somewhat lessened by a young gentleman greeting him by name, and intro- ducing himself aa a brother of the young lady, for . whose absence he proceeded to apologise. Another gentleman entered, who was introduced as a second brother of " La- vinia ;" and he was speedily followed by a third, a fourth, and BO on, till the candidate for matrimony might have exclaimed with Macbeth ' "A fourth I Start, eyes I What I will the lie« etretoh out to the crack of doom ! Another yet I A seventh 1 I'll see ne "ore." Suffice it, that, before all the fifty brothers of Lavinia had been introduced, the advertiser became rather painfully sensible of the fact that he had been most vexatiously duped. One of the brothers, stepping upon a chair, read aloud, amidat much laughter, all the cor- respondence which had passed between the gentlemen and the " lovely young Lavinia." The advertiser, though said to be an extensive vinegar manufacturer, manifested no acidity on the occasion ; on the contrary, he frankly acknowledged that he had been taken in, and threw down a sovereign to be spent by the extensive brotherhood. He added that he had that morning, at the Victoria Railway station, Manchester, met the seventeenth lady who had replied to his ad- vertisement, and there were others with whom he had not yet had the pleasure of an interview ; but it was I his intention, when he had seen them all, to select the one he most approved, and honourably to marry her. The gentleman waa then allowed to retire, amidst the laughter, mingled with applause, of the fraternity of 60\. Another advertisement was answered in the name of Bliss " Annie Woodville." Some correspondence ensued as to marriage and ita relative duties : but the "lady" having ventured to suggest an interview in Rochdale, the advertiser took alarm, and wrote to her, acknowledging the kind attention shown to him, but intimating that he was in the habit of rising too early in a morning to be induced to pay a visit to Rochdale. Another adventure proved more successful. All the prelimi- naries in the case having been satisfactorily settled, an arrangement was made for the advertiser to meet the lsdy who had favourably responded to his appeal. Here is the literal cepy ot his letter, accepting the in- vitation to en intetview :-" Manchester, the 21st of August, 1855.-Dear Woman,-I received your» at the Guardian office of the 20th, to which I reply how that I will meet you, at the Rochdale station at twelve of the clock, on Thursday next, ensuing the date hereof. N.B.-You may recognise me, with a piece of writing paper something like your note, carrying it in my right hand, hanging it down at fall length of the arm, by my side.-From L. 98.-J. KAY." On the receipt of this interesting illiterate epistle, a female servant at one of the hotels in Rochdale was induced to personate Mr. J. K.'s fair correspondent, and after a brief inter- view at die Rochdale railway station, where he ap- peared making the signal described, he consented to accompany the lady to Tweedale's Hotel- the head quarters, it would seem, for these tender meetings. On arriving there he was received by a number of gen- tlemen assembled, with such marks of attention as soon convinced him thst he was caught in a snare unmatrimonial, and he-became very desirous to retire, but his friends were reluctant to lose his agreeable company so soon. The bellman was sent round the town with the following announcement : " On view, a gentleman in want of a wife. May be seen, at No. 3, Tweedale's Hotel." This brought a large accession of admiring friends, and one of the company having adroitly, and unperceived by Mr. 3. Kay, stuck a white star or cockade on the front of his hat, he was readily distinguished, and received his compliment of undivided attention. Visitors flocked into the room in rapid succession, each in turn being introduced hy a master of the ceremonies to a gentle- man who had advertised for a wife. This continued till it was too much for the endurance of Mr. J, Kav ; he became ill, wept, and implored permission to de- part ; and at length, after having been detained seve- ral hours, he was allowed to go, on paying for a bottle of wine to solace his tormentors. PERCY BYSSHE SHELLEY.-Shelley, indeed, was a good and noble creature. His delight was to do good to comfort and assist the poor. His zeal for truth, and for the good of mankind led him, in his indignation against them that oppressed them and imposed upon them, to leap too far in his attack on those enemies, and to pa°s the borders which divide truth, from error. For his conscientious opinion he sacrificed ease, honor, the world's esteem, fortune and friendship. Never was there so generous a friend-so truely and purely poeti- cal a nature. Others are poets in their books and closets ; the poet's soul in him was the spirit of all hours and on all occasions. He was born in Field Place, in Sussex, on the 4th of August, 1792. He waa the eldest son of Sir Timothy Shelley, Bart of Castle Goring, in that county, and his son, Percy Florence Shelley, dow bears the family title. His family con- nexions belonged to the Whig aristocracy of the House of Commons. He was brought up for the first seven or eight years in the retirement of Field Place, with his sisters, receiving the same education as they, and hence it if stated he never showed the least taste for the sports and amusements of boys. At the age of 13 he was at Eton, where he rose up stoutly in opposition to the system of fagging. He organised a conspiracy against it, and, for-a time, compelled it to pause. While thus resisting school tyranny, he was reading, deeply of German romances and poetry ; and to Bur- ger's "Leonora," and the ghost stories and legends of the Black Forest, has been traced his fondness for the romantic, the marvellous, and the mystic. From Eton he went to Oxford, and the contests into which he soon fell with the Principal of University College, on theological and metaphysical questions quickly led on his expulsion. No circumstance in history has made so much noise as this : on it turned the whole char- acter of his destiny. He was expelled on a charge of Atheism. The very next year saw him sit down and write " Queen Mab." The actions of this portion of his life are the least defensible of any portion of it. He seemed restless, unhappy, and put into a more an- tagonistic temperament by his public expulsion-from college, which he felt more deeply than was natural to him, or could have arisen had he been treated differ- ently. At this period he made his first unfortunate marriage with a young woman of humble station, and as it provod, of very uncongenial mind. They separ- ated, and, in her distress, she some time afterwards drowned herself. A BIRTH IN THE TRENCHES.-We are by this time pretty well accustomed to hear of deaths in the trenches ; but, until the other day, we had no ex- ample of a birth having taken place in that uncom- fortable and dangerous locality- certainly not exactly that which a lady might be expected to prefer as the scene of her accouchement. The intrepidity and mili- tary ardour which so distinguishes our gallant allies are shared, it appears, by the ladies of their nation. A buxom eantinitre accompanied her batallion to the trenches, there to supply them with the restorative petit verre, and to brave with masculine courage the storm of shot and shell. There waa poBsibly some miscalculation in the mattrr, but the fact is, that to I ward- the small hours of the morning she gave birth to twins. Mother and chilrlr*>n ere rlmnsr well. 