ERUPTION OF VESUVIUS. A coRRESPONDENT of the Anthenteum writes from Naples on the 1st. May: " At length Vesuvius is beginning to make active demonstrations. Vincenzo Cozzolino, the most intelligent of the guides, reports that, on ascending the mountain this morning, the new crater was in a great state of eruption. On his or living at the summit it opened as if with a discharge of a thousand pieces of artillery, and burning stones were thrown out. On account of the rain and the mist, little, however, could be seen. This happened about half-past four o'clock this morning. The stream of lava is very huge; but for reasons already assigned, a more accurate report cannot be sent. So far I find writ ten, when on passing up St Lucia, at mid- day, the whole of the mount appeared on. veloped in smoke, which, as it rose, was swept away in mighty volumes in the direct of Capri. There was one spot, however, where, during the daylight even, it was easy to see a triangular sulphureous-co- toured plane almost blending with the cloud and yet evidently distinct from it, being the definite unchanging outline. About eight o'clock, it being a most gorgeous moonlight night, I deter mined togo down to the Mole and watch what pi ogres the mountain was making. On turning round the corner of the Swiss Barracks, the whole heaven appeared to be in a blaze. Thousands of people on foot and in carriage were throng- ing down to see this wonderous sight and hurrying on I took up my station near the shipping. Through the tracery of the > ig ging of the gently heaving vessels I looked on one of the most splendid scenes I ever witnessed. The mountain was invisible, not a line was there to mark its for small cloud Mid smoke, and smoke and cloud. Large round masses, b1 ck is Erebus, though tinged with white formed the outline of the spectacle. The lower strata of cloud were all on fire, with the exception of a huge black syphon in the centre, which marked the shower of ashes, stones, and lava that was being thrown up. Lower down one could see by its brighter colour the stream of lava roll- ing down, and every now and then by its increased brilliancy telling of some fresh object yielding to its power. The base of the mountain was enveloped in dark clouds. Between the mountain and myself Jay the sea, so tranquil that but for the working of its thousand eyes one might have imagined it dead; whilst the brilliant moon above us, which here appears to be suspended in the atmosphere, not stuck on a blue canvass, threw over the whole scene its softened light. The fire might have been seen to greater effect had there been no moon ; but the other features of the wondrous scene would then have been lust; the ghosts of vessels sailing heavily along under the mountain-the volumes of cloud and smoke rolling away over the sea-the spectral cities which were dimly seen fringing the base of Vesuvius, and sleeping in fancied security, whilst ruin is impend- ing over their heads. I am giving you my first impressions on my return from witnessing this scene. As the night was so clear I took out my sketch book and endeavoured to trace a faint outline, not of Vesuvius, for it is invisible, but of the mass of blackness and Mrs. I never saw any representation of it which gave a just idea of Vesuvius at such times. There is nothing there to remind one of earth and so closely, to my imagination, does it re- semble the picture of Sinai drawn in Holy Writ, that I waited to hear almost the voice of the trumpet ! The smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mount quaked greatly" The lava has descended very low, and is making rapidly for a small village ; but I shall spend this night on the mountain, and will then send you fuller details. The spectacle was rendered more imposing by an eclipse of the moon, which took place at two hours and a half after midnight," Professor Palmieri, of the Naples observatory, has published the following report it appears that the needless of the apparatus of Lamont, which had been slightly affected on the 29th April, were greatly agitated on the 30th and on the following day the eruption broke out. No fewer than ten craters opened in the course of a few hours, followed by many smaller ones, all throwing out lava and heated | stones, accompanied by subterranean I thunders and ruddy masses of smoke. These streams, descending' into the plain, called the "Atrio del Castello," formed there a sea of fire, whose shores were on either side the mountain of Somme and the lives of t £50. The materials which formed this sea, swelling from moment to moment, at length poured into the "Fosso 1 dells Vetratia;" forming a wonderful cascade of fire. The enormous quantity of lava, ever increasing, filled up the valley at the back of the hermitage and pouring into the " Fosso del Favaone, formed another cascade, and rolled down in the direction of several townships in the valley. Early in the progress of the eruption, the lava was 100 palms in depth j and it was considered that if another such an accumulation took place, which certainly has now happened, the hermitage and the ob ' servatory would be in danger, in fact, they have been vacated, and the instruments removed. The precise number of craters it will be impossible to determine till all is tranquil. The same may be said of the materials ejected ; though we have observed chloride of iron, gaseous matter destructive to life, and muriatic acid gas. * * On the first day of the eruption observations were impossible; but on the clouds clearing off, he ascertained that there was a great tension of positive electricity, which increased considerably on the fall of some ashes on the evening of the 2nd May. In general the electricity was always stronger when the wind blew towards the observatory. It manifested itself very vigorously to the moveable conductor, not always to the fixed conductor; and during the fall of the ashes," he says, " I verified a curious fact, which I have observed during the fall of rain, also, that whilst with the moveable conductor we had past- two . electricity, with the fixed conductor a faint, negitivJ electricity was observed." * * * The lava, after falling into the Fosso del Favaone, progressed from that point as from the apex of an angle, in two directions one beating down on the townships Cereals, St. Sebas- piano, and Messrs de Somme; the other at a later period, in the direction of St. Giorgiona Cremano, and Saint Jo vin, close to Port in. The first branch being the earliest in order of time, I speak now of that. On the 10th May the lava had arrived within 3850 palms of Cer- cuts, on the next day it advanced 500 palms more, and there it has remained almost stationary; whilst during the last ten days the mountain has been pouring down its greatest fury by the other branch towards St. Jovio. As I had already been to the summit of Vesuvius, and watched the lava running rapid Hy down the sides, then flowing through a plain, and then burying itself over a precipice until it was lost to the eve I conceived a strong de- hire of intercepting the fiery monster in its course, coming face to face with him, and watching his every movement. To do so it was necessary, to diverge from, the road by Portico, and make the detour of the mountain on the north and instead of performing any pxtinr>rdin¡iry leaf, I found that I was but one of tens of thousands who were all bent in the same direction. The first evening of my visit was on a Sunday, when the peasantry of all the country round for many miles had assembled to look at the river of fire, and perhaps as much at the living stream of human beings flowing in from Naples. The bridge of Cereals was then passable, the villages in the neighborhood were still open, and emerging from the last a few yards brought us face to face with the lava. It was sent within the deep banks of a wide bed, and was flowing down, not like a fluid, which is the ordinary motion of it, but like a mountain of coke, or at times like highly gaseous coal. It split, and crackled, and sparkled, and smoked, and firmed up, and ever moved on in one vast compact body. Pieces detaching themselves rolled down, leaving behind a glare so fierce that I could have imagined myself at the mouth of an iron furnace; and as every mass fell down with the noise of thunder, or rolled side- ways from the upper surface into the gardens and vineyards, the trees Armed up, and the crowds uttered shouts of admiration and regret. Nor was it the 1 Iva only which seemed bent on i ha work of destruction; for in tv ry din action re- sounded the axe of the wood-cutter, and masters and men were cutting down trees and pulling up lies in those grounds which the fire was approaching. In some places they were too late, as a general conflagration told us. It often happened, too, that careless fellows broke off the ends of their torches, which falling on the dried up grass, quickly burnt up all the undergrowth. Following the course of the stream, or rather tracing it back to its source, we walked by the side of that huge leviathan, through highly cultivated grounds, now trodden under the feet of multitudes, until we arrived at the edge of a precipice, whence we looked into the boiling flood, fed by the cascade of lava, which was pouring down from above. The sublimity of that spectacle is indescribable, and were I to live to the life of Methusali, the impression it made upon me would never be obliterated. I can think of nothing else; and when I close my eyes still that stream of fire dazzles my sight, Full 1000 feet fell that glowing, (lim- ing Niagara, in one unbroken sheet, over the precipice at the back of the her- mitage and the observatory. Forming, at first, two cascades, the interval between had been filled up by the immense masses of scoring which the mount tin had thrown out and now it majestically rolled down one continued stream into a lake of boiling fire, and then descended into the plains which it had left. There were time when projections in the face of the law seemed to impede its course, or when the adhesive character of it appeared to bind it up in a temporary rigidity ; then, behind those projections, accumulated tons upon tons of material. It was a moment of breathless expectation : all eyes were fixed upon that one blackened spot. There was a slight movement j one heard a click; a few ashes and stones fell down like avant-coliriers, and down went a mountain of solid fire into the boiling, smoking abyss, with the noise of thunder. The heat and the glare of the light were at times almost insuffer- able and partly to avoid it, and partly as if the mighty fall' had communicated its movement to us, we all waved back as by one impulse. The branch on the right, which, has, since, flowed down to St. Javelin the direction of Por 1 5s? (and, was there only lin infant rivulet, stealing on its insidious course through a wood of chestnut trees, and wrapping them all in flame. Alas! how much injury has it since occasioned ; how many trees teeming: with the promise of, fruit and the grape has it laid low ; how much land has it covered with tons and tons of scoring, whereon nothing more will grow for a century but the hardy cactus. In some places a hundred, in others two or three hundred, and in one place a thousand feet in width, it rises to the height of one or two hundred feet, and even more. We walked by what was a week ago a deep, though dry, watercourse, and looked like pigmies up to the top of the mountain of lava by our side; and this mountain was not one single excrescence on the face of the earth, it was a portion only of that marvellous river which, issuing from the side of the cone, ran through the valley by the Hermitage, broke over that precipice of one thousand feet in depth, and then dividing itself into two branches terminated a course of eighteen nine miles in the face of five or six flourishing and populous villages in the plain, From St. Jovio the summer residents' have fled, and taken their furniture with them. At Cereals and Massa, at the termination of the other branch, a bridge has been cut away, so as not to impede the free course of the lava; several houses have been removed for the same reason, and several have been either swept entirely away or half surrounded. In this state things remained till Sunday last a kind of armistice had been established between the mountain on the one hand, and the Saints, Ferdinand the Second, the bones of St. Rocco, and the Cardinal on the other. On Sunday last, however, above all other days, the mountain broke the armistice, and the lava has been galloping, not flowing, down ever since, As it flows, however, over the hardened lava of last week, the danger is not imminent; but if it continues fine to Cereals and Massa. In the St. Jovio direction it does not flow. Again the interest is reviving; Vesuvius presents a more magnificent spectacle than ever, and crowds still throng the best points of view at night, or run down to the mountain. Naples Correspondent of the Alhenceum, 22nd Way. 