THE BATTLE OF EUPATORIA. For the following graphic and spiritedly written letter, of date 28th February, from an officer on board the screw Aviso Magarey, off Cape Alma, we are indebted to the Moniteur : " We left the roadstead of Eupatoria this morning (says the writer) where we remained some days, to return before Sebastopol. Yesterday we took leave of the Ottoman army, the small French garrison and its brave commander, and we visited once more the fortifications of the place, when we admired the large re- doubt, to which, in remembrance of Silistria, the glorious name of Arab Table has been given. We also went over the field of battle of the teeth, and remained i a long time in the Jewish and Armenian cemeteries, where the bloodiest part of the action was fought. The Jewish cMMtarj rt £upatori««ifcthj first IsraaUta burying ground in the world. It contains innumerable i tombs, formed of single blocks of marble, granite, or stone, of a monumental form, and covered with most curious inscriptions. It has been for ages the burial-ground of all the great Jewish families of the country. In the morning of the 17th the Russian battalions of riflemen took up a position in the cemetery, which is 500 or 600 yards distant from the fortifications. The tombs were displaced and overturned, the thick walls around it were destroyed, and the Turkish column which executed 60 brilliant a charge with the bayonet, strewed the ground with Russian killed, who were buried there on the same day. It was remarked that the Russians who fell in the battle were all robust young men, and the numerous decorations and medals found on the bodies of a great number proved that they belonged to white corps. The principal decoration was that of St. George of the 5th class. It is made of silver, with four branches. On one side is the figure, St. George slaying the dragon, and on the other, are engraved the initials of the soldier to whom it belongs, the number of his regiment, and that of his company. It is fastened by means of a piece of glazed leather in the form of a lozenge. The medal is round and in silver. It offers curious indications. On one side is represented the Russian eagle with two heads, holding in his talons the globe of the world and the sceptre of the sovereign. Above the eagle is the imperial crown of Russia, surmounted by the Holy Ghost, casting its Divine and luminous rays upon it. Round those figures is the following sentence, in the Russian language :-" Fall on your knees, ye idolators, for God is with us." On the other side of the medal are these words, also in Russian :-" For the submission of Hungary and Transylvania," which sufficiently indicate its origin. On the 17th a new Russian corps, composed of Greek volunteers, recruited in Wallachia, Moldavia, and Bulgaria, made its appearance for the first time. The Government of St. Petersburg attached great importance to its formation, in order to prove that the Greek population was ready to take arms in its favour. Notwithstanding all the means it employed to maintain that corps, the deserters from its ranks are numerous, and its effective force scarcely amounts to 1500 men, who wear the classic/ustotielfc and the Greek cap, with the white cross in front. The Cossacks, who act a conspicuous part in the Russian army, have no longer the same appearance as formerly. They wear on their head a cap like that of the Tcherkesses, surmounted by a red or green card, tipped with white and their dress consists of a blue tunic and loose light blue trousers, with a red stripe. They are armed with a small carbine, which they carry suspended behind their backs, a case of pistols fastened to their waist, and a black lance, 11 feet in length, and topped with a very sharp piece of iron. This weapon is rather unwieldy, and when a Cossack is galloping in pursuit of the flocks of the Tartars, he generally places it across the saddle, in order to diminish its weight, and changes its position only when he overtakes the fugitives. This dance is greatly dreaded by the unhappy shepherds flying with their flocks, and whom the Cossacks mercilessly run through the body ; but it is not considered dangerous by brave and expert horsemen like ours, who easily ward off the blow, and break, with a cut of their sabre, the dance, which in general consists of a slight pole. There are at present few irregular Cossacks. Those who form part of the army in the Crimea are regulars. They are organized into softness or squadrons, commanded by a stack or captain, having under his orders an osseous, or major, a tritteatmk, or lieutenant, and a number of dissenters, or non-commissioned officers. Four sources constitute a regiment, which is commanded by a following, of colonel. The Cossacks are chiefly employed as scouts, and on every elevated point in the vicinity of the Russian camp the silhouettes of their videttes are to be seen. Although the town of Eupatoria is only 30 miles distant from Cape Chersonese, the temperature is lower in winter, and the cold more intense, than at Sebastopol." 