THE AUTOPSY OF AN ARMY. ( From the Nation, Feb. 10. ) The British Army has ceased to exist as an organised efficient force. Such is the last news from the Crimea. The superb soldiery of Alma has become a mere famished and dis organised rabble, with no more health, nor hope, nor order nor discinline. than a sauad of Irish nauners on Out-door Relief and a Public Work. At last, even the inexorable routine, which England regards as the very spirit of her system has been rejected by those unfortunate wretches, its most faithful votaries, its most miserable victims. We dare say it is more shocking to England than the loss of a battle, or the starvation of a brigade, to learn that those demolished battalions have at last given up even the ghost of discipline. The British soldier sells his regimentals for rum, and has ceased to salute his officers. They would mutiny if there were any thing to be gained by it. As an army they have ceased to be. The heights of Inkermann, held with such superhuman courage, the lines and trenches, whose cannon the Russians could not touch last October, are now deserted, and the French have gradually pushed their army along the whole front of the town. The labour and glory of the enterprise has devolved upon the Imperial soldiers ; and of the army which so long sustained with them its perils, God only knows whether a hundred may live to see the spring. At present there are not five thousend of them proof against disease, and cold, and hunger, while every week a thousand more men succumb to the Russian Nemesis. " My best Generals," said the Czar lately, "are Generals January, February, and March " Three weeks of January had elapsed when the last despatches left, and that General had inflicted upon the English a heavier loss than Balaklava and Inkeimann. The army counted 14,0000 men on New Year's Day. They were only 12,000 at the end of the month. In the camp hospitals were upwards of 5,000 men. dying at the rate of 100 a day — and dying in the vast majority of cases, precisely .because they went to hospital. Those who had wounds or frost-bites died of an hospital gangrene ; those who had colds or dysentery were seized with an hospital typhus ; and both fever and gangrene had been caused by the horrible neglect through which the malaria of dead men and horses circulated around Balaklava and the camp. The soldier who went to hospital knew he was doomed beforehand, and there fore, increased the mortality by his own desprir, and by postponing the Doctor until it was too late. Nor was this awful mortality of the hospitals limited to the wretched tents in which the sick of the camp was stretched. In Scutari the common road was from the ward to the dead-house. In the last letter of the Times it is told that, of sixty secondary capital oper ations performed there lately, only one recovered. An awful gloom overhangs those crowded wards. Every man feels, from the moment he enters there, that he is drifting towards the last agony ; and in the desolate stillness is often-heard the sobbing of some strong soldier, who regrets the bullet that spared Turn in battle, to die thus mglonously. Thus it is, the medical authorities of the army believe that more than one-half of the soldies at present doing duty are struggling with deadly diseases, and wooing death in the field as long as they can stand. When they go to the trenches you must listen to the pathetic voices with which they utter the wish that they may be shot, and never come back again to the miseries they leave behind. You must not be astonished that they are caught napping — they have become reckless. What do they care for their miserable existence? Death is relief." Such is the language of one and all the correspondence from the Crimea. It was between the 7th and the 16th that the winter fairly set in, and every night the frost grew harder and the wind faster and keener. Hundreds were frost-bitten in the hands, face, and feet.: Cholera and scurvy spread into ever tent. But on the 16th the crowning calamity came. The ther mometer fell twenty .degrees below freezing point. The wind, careered down from the hills in one steady rushing current, in which the very blood seemed to freeze. On this day, and for the two that followed, there was not a fire lit throughout almost the entire extent of the British lines. During those two horrible days, officers and men were con tinually frozen to death. The flesh came away with the clothes. When the thaw began, the dead were discovered by their boots sticking up through the snow. In the 46th Regiment alone, fourteen men died of cold on the 16th, and ten on the 17th, At the commencement of the week, 1950 men were sent in two days to Scutari, on the following day 900 followed, and on. the 18th 400 more, making in all, a total of 3000 men invalided within eight days. One or two Regiments had utterly ceased toxist ; and almost every Regiment was decimated in the sSise that only every tenth man survived. From bad to worse, each day since — " Unmerciful liisusier fallows fast ami follows faster, . Till the dirties o! ilieir hopes one melancholy burden bore." There is now not a hope of saving a remnant of the army. England looks on and lets them die, and makes no sign. Everything goes against her — the elements, her .own parties-— her whole system, which is in an utter deadlock and a laughing stock to the whole earth. If this be the Beginning, what is : the End to be ? 