THE LATE MB. JOHN BLACK, THE " EATHER" OF THE LONDON PRESS. (From the Illustrated London Neus, July 7.) We briefly announced in our Inst number tho dont in his seventy-second ycnr, of the well-known Jol Blnclc, tho " father" of tho London Press. Mr. Bin was born in 178Ü, nc'ar Dunse, in Berwickshire. Ho w tho son of a labouring cottier, resident four milos frc thnt town. He lost his father in his infancy, and hi tho additional misfortune to lose his mother when 1 was only twolvo years of ago. But ovon before th early period he gave signs of his futuro ni lily. He was educated at tho parochial school of Duns and had to walk four milos in, and four mil out', daily-n habit of necessity which mai him n pedestrian for tho remainder of his day Ho was noted among his schoolfellows, and by tho got pooplo of Dunse, as a remarkably clever boy : and it wi the dearest wish of his mother-and a characterist trnit of tho Scottish matcrnnl character-that the devi child should be educated for the Church. Every poi woman in Scotland who is blessed with a son more tim usually proficient in his studies forms a devout wis ".to seo her bairn in the pulpit. " But in Black's eas thc dream was not to ba realized. How he fared betwee thc ages of twelve and fourteen is not known ; but at th latter period, nccording to his own statement, ho wa engaged as on errand-boy in a factor's office in his nativ town. Einding that sphere too limited for his énergie ' or ambition, he went to Edinburgh in his 18th year, on succeeded, after many hard struggles, With self mid with temptation strong. And l'ride that sought to load him wrong, in finding employment nt a stationer's. He subsequent), obtained admission to the offices of two, if not of three Writers to tho Signet in Edinburgh. Hero he mode th best use of his time-taught himself tho classics, am became an excellent Latin, nnd still better Grceli scholar. Ho also devoted his attention to the inoden languages, and learned German from an Austria] musician employed in tho theatre, und Italiun fron another foreign musician- teaching them his Englisl (such as itwas) in return. Ho also ncquirod French though he never spoke it with much purity. Ho continued in Edinburgh in thoso various employ- ments till twenty-seven years of ngo, when nmbitioi prompted him to seek his fortune in London. He wnlkci tho whole distnncc, nnd arrived not penniless, but, b; his own account, with no moro than three-halfpence" He brought letters of introduction to Mr. Perry, tho pro prietor and editor of tho Morning Chronicle-ono fron tho lato Mr. Gibson, afterwards Sir James Gibson Craig He wns fortunato enough to pleaso Mr. Perry, an ndmira ble jndgo both of genius and of character, and was forth with engaged on that journal-his employment being ti translate tho foroign journals, and to talto hts " tum" at a reporter in tho galleiy. Mr. Perry shortly before this time had lost tho valuable services of Mr. Campbell afterwards Attonioy-Genernl, nnd now tho Lori! Chief Jnstico of England, nnd of Mr. (afterward! Serjeant) Sponkie. On Mr. Black's engagement Mr, Charles Proby was managing conductor under Perry ; and Mr. Lambert tho prinlor and publisher, l'etoi Finnerty, some of tho older Colliers and Dowlings, Mr, Coulson, and a majority of Scotch and Irish young men of talent nnd promise woro Blnck's contemporary reporters boforo his promotion to tho conduct of tho paper. Black was considered to bo a vory rapid reportor j but Mr. Proby used to say thnt his principal merit con sisted in tho celerity with which he made his way from the House of Commons to tho Strand, which ho always did in company with a hugo dog, his constant com pnnion. Black worried tho ovcrseor by delaying to tho last moment his " copy," and by loud radical comments on tho subject mnttor of dobato in tho reporters' room. His animul spirits were overflowing, and his love of " argumentation" when young excessive. Ho used to bo called tho " Professor of Logia" and tho " Hying Scotchman." Mr. Black was appointed principal editor of tho Morn- ing Chronicle about two years beforo Mr. Perry's death, which occurred in 1821. Ho held tho ollleo without interruption from that poriod until 1844, nearly one third of a century. Ho wns necessarily brought into sooinl and political intercourse during that timo with some of tho principal men of his day. And it is but doing scanty justico to his memory to say that no ono know him who did not lovo him for the guilelessness of his disposition, nnd ndmiro him, not only for tho vast rnngo of his lenrning, but for his starling and fearless honesty of purpose ; and his sincere, earnest, and success- ful advocacy of Liberal principles, at n timo whon tn bo, or appear to bo, Liberal was to bo accused of di.snflection ,. and when the soldiers of tho causo gained moro hard blows than glory in its support. . Mr. Black was an editor of tho old school, and lived at his workshop in tho higher story of the then oflico, in Norfolk-street, Strand. Ho wns twico married-first under circumstances of which little is known. His second wife, who died two or three years boforo him, was Miss Cromcck, sistor of tho artist of that name, residing in Nowmon-strcet, Oxford street, and whoro Black temporarily lodgod. Mrs. Black wns.horsolf a remarkable woman-something like Meg Mcrrilies in porson. Tho garret habits of tho couple woro a frequent source of -amusement to their friends. Black's rooms, including tho bed-room, wero so encum- bered willi books, both on tho walls and on tho floor tho- gleanings of nearly half n century-that it was difficult to walk through them. At ono time tho pair wero obliged to creep into bed at tho omi, tho bedsides being piled up with dusty volumes of divinity and poli- tics, nnd defying entrance in any oilier v ny ¡ for itwas ono of Ibo editor's peculiarities that ho would not have his books moved or dusted by any hand but his own. Mr. Perry's oxecutors sold tho Morning Chronicle in 162!3 to tho lato Mr. Clement for .£.10,000, Mr. Black continuing its solo editor, and exclusively providing tho loading articles, till Mr. Clement, sold tho copyright nnd typos to Sir John Eusthopc, Mr. Simon M'Gillivray, and Mr. Jumes Duncan, in 1834, l'or .CIO.OOO} Mr. Black hoing continued as editor. His not correct Unit, up to tho poriod when tho Chronicle pnssod into tho hands of Sir John Easthopo nnd his co-proprietors, Mr. Blnok, singlo hnnded, wrote nil tho leaders. Tho fact is, thnt . his vnluo as an editor did not consist entirely in his varied'knowledge and sound practical common sense, but, to n largo degree, in IIÍB power of milking friends. Ho had a very wido cirolo ofpoliticnl und literary associates, and.personally know overy'lending Libernl of bis timo. Every eminent man in tho wide world of British «nd Irish politics sought hi« aid, mid ho kept Um soorots entrusted to him with scrupulous fidelity. However loquacious on other matters, ho iiovori prot'osHÍqmd}y;botrn>;e(|¡ |iw contri, butors. The late Duke of Sussex was an active purveyor for him, especially during the illness of George III and the Regency. His other frequent writers were Sheridan Adair, D. Kinnaird, General Palmer, Mr. E. Dubois, the Rev. Mr. Colton, Lord Holland (very often); the late John Allen, Porson, Jekyll, "Tommy Hill" (facetiously reported to have been older than the Monument, the Great Fire of 1666 having destroyed his baptismal register !), Horace Smith, and other worthies now no more. To tiloso especially, and os moro eminent political writers, moy be added tho names of Albany Fonblanque Jamos Mill, David Ricardo, C.1V Thomson (afterwards Lord Sydenham), Mr.- Mcculloch (ono.of his most stondy and attachod friends), and Mr. Sonior. ' These gentlemen wroto chiefly onsnbjeots of political-economy Mr. Chadwick, of course, provided Mr. Block with ampió material on the Poor-lnws. Mr. Francis 'Place, thonch a Charing-cross tailor, supplied .-Mr.- Black, as -also did Mr. Hume, with invaluable mntorial'in .the discussion of the Repeal nnd Alteration _ of tho Combination 'Laws and tho export of machinery, in 1824-5.- - Many members of tho Upper House also'favoured' Mr.-Black*with.'con tribtitions, especially tho " Jockey of Norfolk"-called thc first Protestent Duke--the -late Lords Erskine,! Moira Lauderdale, Durham, and Essex. Among thc deceased commoners, wo have omitted honourable mention of-th« late Charles Buller, who in 18U0, ¡then a student in Mr Coulsou's chambers, first J. used his pen for. Black ¡ii lively and brief Articles, Tho supposed ghost .of Juuius also haunted tho Editor's room. Sir Philip Franois was tho''author of tho 11 Historical Questions"-which appeared in the Chronicle, and Proby, tho sub-editor, wag struck by tho similitude of the handwriting. to- th« facsimiles of thc letters of .Tuniiis in tho l'ublic Ledger. Sir Philip long occasionally communicated, both with Mr. Perry and Mr. Black. Some of tho living-voluntary nnd able contributors -will not, wo aro sure, bo oll'ended if on this occasion wo chronicle their names. . Lord Brougham's hand writing was well known during tho Queen's Trial, and for fully a quarter of a century afterwards. Tho Right Hon. Edward Ellice, the member for Coventry, was years since, a froquont and valued correspondent. His handwriting could scarcely bo deciphered by any on« but Block, and occasioned no little difficulty to tho com- positors. Slr. Doxall (then overseer of tho Chronicle, now tho manager of tho Observer, under tho younger Clement) used to bring down tho MS. of.tho;.right honorable mombor into Black's room in despair: "Sir I wish tho gentlomun in tho hieroglyphics would write legibly-tho mon can't mako out his signs." Black would reply, " Tho asses ! lot them -try again : no man writes a finer hand or a more rocket leader!" r ??. ,, ¡ Mr. Joseph Parkes was a constant contributor from 1824 to later years; and we believe that-gentleman panned in Birmingham most of tho loading articles-in tho Chronicle on Tithes during.the public agitation of that question and the Commutation Act. Tho same hand kept up a constunt cannonade in Black's leaders on Municipal and Parliamentary and Law .Reform,-,.,pre. ceding 1851, mid subsequently to the later settlement of those questions. Colonel Thompson had also his-en We to Black's private room, und carly launched tlioi Corn Low question, years before the Manchester League.and Sir Robert Peel " settled'' it. Old Colonel Jones, in tho Morning Chronicle ns well a» in the Z't»ie«,;in 1830, 31, nnd US, discharged his rifle-shots into tho ranks of.the corrtiptionists of that day. Tom Mooro, deposited with lilac« occasional prose leaders on Irish party subjects. He also contributed poetry both to thc Chronicle and the 2'imcs. Blnck's old friend and schoolfellow, Mr. Thomas Young, now living, was another in valuable friend of ¿otb journals, especially in tho crisis.of'the Reform Acts, writing numerous articles for tho Chronicle ; and also keeping tho press ai» courant in such information, OB Lord Melbourne (to whom Slr. Young was then Private Secretory; considered important for tho right direction of public opinion. Sir Robert reel, with nil hi« prudery, did not think it inconsistent with his dignity to send a " communication" now and then with "Sir Bobcrt Peel's compliments." Ho.also'bad communications from Windsor in subsequent 'reigns. George HI. was more than suspected by Sir.'Block of tho perpetration of a leading article, the subject boing himself ; but tho proof in this caso was presumptive, not positive, though quito satisfactory to Mr. Black. Nor was Black's useful connection confined only to noblemen nnd gentlemen. He had a powerful corps of female con- tributors, amongst whom wore the late Miss Edgeworth and Mrs. Morcet, Lady Caroliue Lamb, and, subsequently, a living Indy of singular talent nnd force of mind, wifo nf an ciuinnnt historian. In this aristocratic list it will bo seen that the public press is Hoi quito so vulgar a vocation as some fashionable persons would represent it. Nor is this communication with the press monopolised by the Liberals. Wo know thnt Conservntives, of all orders, in nnd out of Parliament, ore glad to avail them- selves of the leading columns of tho press ; nnd thnt a living noble Lord of that party is now a ready nnd fre quent penman. * This notice of Sfr. Black's eareor would bo incomplete, if we did not mention that he was twice engaged in wlint aro misnamed "affairs of honour;" - tho first timo with n colleague on tho press, for provocation arisingant of a personnl squubblo or argumentation on politics ; mid tho second time with Sir. Roebuck, in conséquence of nu article in tho Chronicle, which, however, Mr. Black did not write. Both these nfliiirs were happily bloodless ondit is to bo hoped that the Black mid Roebuck'duel will continue to be, as it now is, tho last affidr of thu kimi connected with politics, or the ill-feeling arising out of them. Mr. Black retired from the management of tho 3/orn ing Chronicle in 1844, under circumstances . which excited somo regret among tho Liberal party-but on which it is not. necessary for us to dwell. . These circumstances compelled him to sell his valuablo and unique library-ono of tho most singular over formed-and tho collection of which had ' been his only "hobby," nnd tho grent charm..pf his life. With tho proceeds, ndded to u sum contributed by tho proprietors of the paper which ho lind so long and so nbly served, and other moneys raised for him among tho lenders of tho Liberal parti', hp, by tho advice of his friends, bought himself n small annuity. Among the individual subscribers to this fund, tho largest in amount wns his attached friend mid former colleague, Mr. Walter Coulson, who, with a generosity a's rare as it wius noble, bestowed upon his loss7 fortunólo fellow labourer a portion bf that wenlth with .which his own genius mid professional exertions lind been rowasded. Lord Melbourne nnd Lord Campbell also contributed thc sum of X'100 each. Tho nnnuity thus purchased was amply sufficient for tho simple tastes and moderato wants of Slr. Black; ond from'1844 to his decroso his yea« woro passed'in tho calm mid rational enjoyment of a well-earned repose. Slr. Coulson, it should djo lidded, gavo his friend a cottage, at a nominal ront, and a piece ol'lund to cultivnte. lloro tho ancient oditor-rend Greek, walked with his canino friends, fed pigs, weeded his gnrden, am\ heard ofur off tho roar of that groot world which ho had quitted for over. It was -here- at Birling, near Town Shilling--that-the- philoso- pher died, bequeathing to his friend, Slr, Coulson, his books and papers. It is not supposod that ho lias left any materials that con bo turned to literary account; though few wero so well qualified ns lip : wns to -write a contompornry history of men and literature. .Slr. Black's remains were placed bosido ? those of his late' wife, in. tho old churchyard of Birling, in Kent;; Slr. Cpiils¿n;a¿id Wr. Parkes attending as chief mourners. .' '...¡i .«¡ii Slr. Black was a great favourite with tho'lato Lord Shelbourne when tho, latter was Primo Minister.'1;Ih'B Lordship esteemed bini not only for his great., learning, his wonderful memory,' his apt illustration of every topic of discourso by nh apparently inexhaustible fund^of anecdote-derived from tho most recóndito sources-r-biit for his simplicity and ? bonhomie. John Black was a modern Diogenes in everything but the ill-noturo. ' On one occasion Lord Melbourne said.to him-" Slr. Block, you tiro tho only person who comes to seo mo who forgets who I nm." Tho Editor openod his eyes with astonishment. "You forget that I am 'tho 1 rimo Minister I " Srr. Black wns about to npologisc ; but the 1'romier continued, " Everybody elso takes especial care to remember it ; but I wish they would forgot it, for they only romomber.it to nsk me for places and favours. Now, Sir. Black," added his Lordship, "you-noyer uslc roo' "for. anything, and I wish you would; for, sorioitsly, 1 should bo most hnppy to. i o anything in my powor to servo you." "I om tnuy obliged," said Slr. Black, " but I don't want anything: -t am Editor of the Morning Chronicle,- I likemy business, mid 1 livo happily on my income." " Then, by li . said tho Peer, " I envy you j and you're tho only mon i ever did I" > .?*.,. t u,ta It should bo noted among tho characteristics or. wis excellent limn that ho lind a koon oyo for the discover) of youthful genius-a warm heart tb apprcciate-n sonna hoad to advise-and . a liberal hand to reward it. « 'was.Mr. Black who was among tho first to ^discover tue extraordinary gifts of the young Charles twenty years ago ho was a ruporter for the Jtfonjnw Chronicle, and who did his utmost to encouragera elicit it. Many other instances might bo mell ion^ and tho writer of this faint tribute to his memory, com» ho cito the names of other living authors (wine« " ' not necessary to do), might append to it the; staiemW thnt to »Ir. Block's-literary, friendship ? .»»»'-iV*T, encouragement, bostowed upon thom when «»Widder most needed,. thoy owo their first footing ou the % wau« of fortune. > ? 