MR. G. V. BROOKE. To the Editor of the Sydney Morning Herald. Suters contribution, headed as above, appeared in your journal of Monday last. It was successful in one immediate effect, which your contributor was desirous to achieve for his disposition " strongly to anticipate that Mr. Brooke's appearance as Rolls, in the splendid drama of Pizarro would afford such a speci- men of histrionic excellence as. to leave a lasting impression on the Sydney stage ;" has been promptly accommodated by the production on Wednesday evening last, of the drama in question-Mr. Brooke evincing (as was his wont, in London more particu- larly), his anxiety to benefit by critical admonition and advice. Other parts of your contributor's criticism have attracted some animadversions in literary circles ; but only upon a very few points do I request your leave to offer a few remarks j conceiving, as I do, that where historical and literary errors are put forth in a popular manner, in a widely circulated journal, they oughtHo be examined and exposed. I shall commence, first, with your contributor's entire concurrence with Mr. Brooke's conception of the character of Richard the Third, as drawn (as he states) by Shakspere-that in, a remorseless villain and not a polished schemer." Your contributor says :- ' , " His wooing of Lady Anne is not conduct d with the courteous gillie by which reduction is accomplished after long: delays and protracted stranger-, but with that abrupt, coarse, and determined flattery, which win i ufBolcnt for the consummate simpleton he knew so well, at d was in much humour wooed, and bo shortly won." Mr. Brooke being aware that he is representing? (not the probable or possible Richard of history, but) the Richard of sharks were, delineate the character as a coarse flatterer of inch trumpery personages as L Lily Ann and Buckingham, the Mayor and C immorality of London-a rude tyrant, where dissimulation was not required and a bore when opposed in warfare to his a-i vagaries. It may be doubted if ittchird has ever been better acted thrice the the time of Garrick, if Brooke's conception of the character be correct, which we apprehend that it is." With respect to remorse and polished scheming, both Mrs Brooke and your contributor-the latter lately risen from a perusal of Hazlitt's Criticisms and Churchill's Roseiad, and fully remembering Bowden's Life of Mrs. Siddons both these gentlemen, I submit, ought to have known that, in these two important features, the Richard of Shakspere is essentially, the Richard of history. As regards remorse, the stage version of the tragedy by Cibber, adopted by Mr. Brooke and by most modern actors since the days of Edmund Kean, (Phelps being one of the very few ex- ceptions,) abounds more in suggestions of a tormenting conscience, and anguished feelings of repentance and remorse than are to be found in the original. Pass- ing, therefore, over several of these still preserved in- temptations, particularly Richard's remorse in the tower scene, whilst the young princes are being murdered, I will proceed to the tent scene, and ask your contributor to compare Shakspere's delineation of the usurpers terrors of conscience and remorse, with the descriptions the anguish of his latter days, as given by Sir Thomas More. Shakspere's character was drawn about eighty years after Richard's death ; the illustrious poet a favourites in the queenly court of the Royal granddaughter of him who " acquired vast re- known in conquering Richard ;" whilst Sir Thomas More wrote about 30 years after the battle of Bosworth Field. The latter high authority says : " Ula guilty conscience accept him be full of terrors that his attendants could not but perceive the punishment of his crimes had begun. I have heard, by credible report, with such ob were covered with his chambers, that he never had quiet in his mind again. He never thought himself safe. When he went abroad, his eyes whirled about. His body was privily fenced. His hand was ever on his dagger ; his countenance and manner like one always ready to return a blow. He took HE at night, and lay long, making and mu ing. Some wearied with care and watching, he rather slumbered than slept. Troubled with fearful dream?, sometimes he suddenly started up, leapt out of his bed, and run about the chamber. So was his restless heart continually tossed and fitted with the stormy remembrance of his abominable Goods." Let us compare this graphic description of the workings of that conscience, which makes cowards of us all, with the terrified Richard of Shakspere, starting in agony from his couch, out of his fearful ghost dream : K Rich. Give me another horse, bind up my wounds, Have mercy, Jean Soft ; I did not dream. O, coward conscience, hardest thou afflict mel \- The lights burn blue It is now dead midnight. Cold (earful strong stand on my trembling flesh. What do for! myself! there's none else by Richard loves Richard that is, I am I. I Is there a murderer hore 1 Noyes; lam: ! Th_flyi-What, from myself! Ore it races on ; why ? Lest I revenge. What Myself on myself ! Love myself. Wherefore for any good, that I myself have done unto myself : O, no : whom, I rather hate myself For hateful deeds of committed by myself. I am a villain : yet I lie, I am not. Fool!, of thyself speak well Foot, do not flatter. My conscience hath a thousand several tongues, And every tongue brings in a several tale. And every tale condemns me for a villain. Perjury, perjury, in V-o highest degree, Murder, torn murder, in the first degree, All several Bins, nil u or in each degree, Throng to the bar, crying all, Quilty 1 guilty I I shall despair There is no creature loves me; And, if I die no soul will pity me : Nay, wherefore should the 1 since that I myself Find in myself no pity to myself. Methought, the souls of all that I had murder'd Came to my tent and every one did throat To-morrow's vengeance on the head of Monard. Enter Ratcmit. Rat. My Lord, K. Kicii. Who's there Has. Ratcliff., my Lord ; 'tis I. The early village cock Hath twice done salutation to the morn ; Your Words are up, and buckle on their armour. K. Rich. 0, Katoiiff. I have dream'd a fearful dream ! What thinkest thou, will our friends prove all true ! Hat. no doubt, my Lord. K. Ilion. Ilatcliff, I fear, I fear,-. Hat. N iy, good my Lord, be not afraid of shadows. K. iticu. By the Apostle Paul, shadows to-night have struck more terror to the soul of Richard, This can the substance of ten thousand soldiers, Armed In proof and led by shallow Rich.ard. It is not yet near day. Come, go with me ; Under our tents I'll play the eavesdropper, To hear if any mean to shrink from mc. From the first to the last act of this great historical tragedy are to be found self-deceiving reasons, urged in mournful bitterness to the usurpers own reproach- ing conscience, in excuse for his frightful enormities ; whilst returning moments of remorse and terror bring agonising fears and anguish to his tortured mind. The Rev. Henry Walter, in his valuable and most acceptable addition to the published records of English history, and in which he considers men and events on very different principles to those kept almost exclusively in view by Hume, thus describes the effects of that remorse (either real or artfully Signed) which Richard evinced when difficulties beset him towards the end of his short reign. " As the conscience of Richard had begun to torment him with terrors, he was now flocking to escape from despair by such vain ox) e bent;, as hiring a hundred priests to chaunt in York on the dial for mercy for his soul ; buying a thousand masses, to be said for Edward the Fourth's benefit, as a compensation for his murder of Edward 'children; play in? a priest to sing, forever, daily, at Northampton, for lost Rivers' soul, whom he had there de- ceived ; building and endowing a chapel in comfort, for the bent of the lungs illegally beheaded there and sending Sir Bryan Stapleton and a chaplain to Spain on a pilgrimage to the protruded tomb of St. James, the merit of which was to be set to his own account. There was something more like the fruits of till I repentance, in his showing kindness to the duchess of Buckingham, scourge to the widows of Lords Rivers and Hastings their jointure of, and giving to the latter the guardianship of her son, which both law and custom would have entitled him to make advantageous But it must have been either gross hypocrisy, ora remarkable instance of the power of that self-deceit which tempts a man to give himself credit for his abhorrence of was not his own, that induced Richard to give to his bishops charge to see that vicious living and all other things repugnant to virtue, and provoking the displeasure of God, be repressed and annulled." Passage after passage from the pages of the illustrious bard, and of history, prove that in describing Richard as a remorseless villain," your contributor has not carefully considered the character of the last of the Plantagenet Kings ; whilst in his assertion that he was " not a polished schemer," he is equally at fault. . All historians show (however some may have attempted to distort truth by specious expositions) that, with the exception of England's great delivered, the third William, the third Richard was the most con- summate statesman that has sat upon the English throne since the date of the Norman conquest. What could surpass his skilful political strategy, than his calling his parliament together after Richmond's first descent upon the coast of England had failed, and he had conducted his fleet back to Vannes ? His proposed measures for the short session were received and passed with zealous haste. Neither the nobility, the prelates, nor t re commons urged any inquiry as to what had be been the young sovereign whom they had so lately ackno wie ages for their rightful king. None made any difficulty of passing acts which declared Edward the Fourth children illegitimate, and Richard the true heir to the throne ; with especial compliments not only to the usurpers courage, but to his justice ! Among the few other laws passed by this Parliament were some fa nous ones which Richard had prudently devised for p> popular, and indeed, for reasonable approbation. One forbade the extorting of any more bene oolences. Another forbade the King's officers to seize the g body of persons charged with the suspicion of felony, till they should have been convicted and it empowered the justices to take bail for their appeal range, instead of shutting up every man in such hideous dungeons, as prisons then were, the moment any one chose to accuse him. A third act directed, that no person should be allowed to sit as juryman, who had not a sufficient freehold quality station ; '. because," said the preamble, " of the untrue verdicts daily given by persons of no substance, not dreading God, nor the world's shame."- But the crowning act was that which the usurper proposed, and the English Parliament had the wisdom to pass ; namely, the first act for the removal of some of those difficulties which former injudicious laws had thrown in the way of the great landed proprietors, when disposed, to sell any portions of their inheritances. By facilitating and confirming such sales, it promoted the gradual breaking down of those immense estates, which had given a dangerous power to two or three noble families, a _d led to the rapid increase of this useful class of land owners, whose estates would be insufficient to maintain their family in the rank to which they belonged without careful attention to the management of their property. This important entr'acte was not referred to by Shakspere for an all- sufficient stage reason. It was imperative that "unity of time " should be observed, when, in the fourth act of the tragedy, it is reported that Richmond, on the seas, " Findeth a puissant navy ;" and, therefore, Henry's first approach to the English coast in October, 1883, and his second descent in the following August, are two events, supposed in the play to form but one great and successful act of invasion. Shakspere, availing himself of the privilegium poet- cas, comprised, within a few days, the approach to Plymouth, in October, and the victory at Bosworth Field, nearly ten months afterwards. Lord Byron, in his tragedy of Sardanapalu?, the last of the Assyrian kings, comforts and defends a greater anachronism than this. The rebellion of Be less and Arsaces, which was only successful after several desperate battles, and the besieging of the monarch in the city of Ninus for two years, is compressed by the noble poet within the limit of a day and night. Passing over this chief and necessary deviation on the part of Shakspere from the strict page of history, I proceed to your contributor's eulogistic praises of Mr Brooke's delineating the character of Richard as a coarse flatterer of " such trumpery personages as Lady Anne and Buckingham," and to his advocacy of the rendering of" that abrupt, coarse, and determined flattery, which was sufficient for the consummate sim- pleton he knew so well." This rendering of Richard's C9areenes!>, as applied to Lady Anne's silliness, was never adopted in the readings of those great representatives of Gloster whom it was my good fortune to see in their best days : Edmund Kean, JMaeready, Charles Young (on the only night during the eight years before his retirement that he appeared in London as Richard), Warde (whose fine personation divided the palm with Kean's) one and all represented the highly-gifted but wicked Plantagenet as the Richard of Shakspere and the Richard of history. But whilst your contributor will insist that Lady Anne was a consummate simpleton to be so coarsely wooed and won, he (notwithstanding his lament at the pervading ignorance of the Sydney public as regards the works of Shakspere) entirely overlooks the far more important scene of wooing in which Richard en- treats Queen Elizabeth to be the attorney of his love" to her " princely beauteous daughter." Let us turn to the concluding passages of this scene, wherein the extraordinary address of the crook backed tyrant overcomes the righteous hatred of King Edward's widow, even as it had been successful with Lady Anne. Q E1.UADBT11-Shall I go win my daughter to thy will 1 K. UiciiAitu-And be a happy into her by the deed. Q Blizaiiekh-I go-write to me very shortly, and you shall understand from me her mind. K, HiciiAnD-Boar for my true love's kiss. and be farewell 1 '[Kissing her. East Q. Elizabeth. Resenting foot; and shallow clinging woman ! Again, the near approach of the fifth act, prevents the result of the queen's conferences with her daughter (already betrothed to Richmond), being presented by the poet ; but it is furnished by the historian, and proves that neither the queen nor the princess was a " consummate simpleton." From a letter, found in the London State Paper Office, it appears that the betrothed princess (after her mother's interview with the usurper - the murderer of her sons) wrote to the Duke of Norfolk, " that she had brought herself to speak of the king as her joy and maker in this world ;" and, covering the rank of his wife, she was not ashamed to add, " The greater part of February is now past, and I fear the queen will never die." A lament worthy of the future mother of Henry the Eighth ! With the exception of making Richard refuse to grant the Hereford estates to Buckingham, which the latter obtained from him when he usurped the crown, i Shakspere is correct in all the chief details of " the 1 1 life and death of Richard." He presented Oxford as the faithful captain who set the inexperienced Richmond's squadrons in Bosworth field ; Norfolk, as the devoted adherent, to the death, of Richard's cause and Stanley as the temporising deserter from his standard. Even in minor matters he carefully followed the accounts current in his day, so little distant from that of Richard. "Saddle White Surry for the field to- morrow," is a command which reminds us of the his- torian's description of the usurpers entering Leicester at the head of Wb army, on the day before the battle, mounted on a conspicuous white horse, and wearing his crown on his head." I might extend our historical and poetical parallels, but it is needless and I proceed to the only other point in your contributor's letter which requires comment. His recommendation to Mr. Brooke to appear as Rolls, in the splendid drama of Pizarro; " and the tragedian ready obedience to the suggestion, are matters of both grave and comic comment amongst all here who take an interest in the progress of taste. As regards the splendour of this drama, it was, in John Kemble's time, confined to the gorgeous scenic representations of this golden Temple of the Sun and other rich stage accessories. But as regards the literary part of the affair, Sheridan was so heartily sick and tired of the merciless quizzing which he received from all quarters, in respect to the bombastic heroics ; the puerile sentimentality and the violations of all possibilities with which he had set off (and successfully too his splendid pageant for a season that he solemnly repudiated the authorship alleging that he had, in his capacity of lessee of Drury Lane Theatre employed a library back to compile the piece. He, however, could not get over the author- ship of the last act, which, it is notorious, he did not commence until the curtain had risen on the evening of the first representation of Pizarro John Kemble and Mrs. Siddons keeping a keen look out for him until the precious morceau was finished. Mr. Brooke might have remembered the disappointment expressed by the leading London critics when, after his first appearance as Othello, he chose for his second character Sir Giles Overreach. The Athenum, his most earnest eulogist upon his first appearance, thus alluded to the unwise choice : " In making the choice of a second character, it is important that the actor should show ambition, and claim a higher standard than he had already secured. We had hoped that Othello was one of the lowest round of the ladder which Air. Brooke proposed to climb and looked for him in Macbeth King John, Hamlet, or Lear. He has, however, chosen the downward path cond- scended from Shakespeare to Maasiager-from Othello, to Sir Giles 16 What will be thought in London when the admirers of Mr. Brooke learn, that he has condescended from Othello, Hamlet, Richard, Shylock, and Romeo, to Sheridan's unknown hack's Rolla, is not a difficult matter to predict. TISIAS. 