REVIEW. (Fromtht BrMol Mercury.) . Th» HMoTV of Magie, br JOSBPU ?»*?.«»?»'! trantlattd from the Oerman bj WILLIAM . ;HOWITT. To which ii added an Appendix of the .'JfrtMf remarkable and beet authenticated Stories of Apparitions, ¿-c. ; selected by MAHY HOWITT. Vol. IL--Henry G.Bohn, London. Ennemoser's History is continued through about two-thirds of tho present volume, and will be found a learned and philosophical work on a very abstruse sub- ject. Tlie word u Magio" does not imply mere dexterity of hand or delusion of the optics, but it has many relations with historical evonts in various ages ; and the author evinces a discriminative spirit of inquiry in dealing with tho subject. As, like much that emanates from a German study, the history itself is somewhat inrolvod, perhaps the moro attractive part of the present volume will bo thc selections in Mary Howitt's Appendix, which com- prise marvellous stories of . apparitions, dreams, second sight, somnambulism, predictions, divination, witchcraft, vam- pires, fairies, table-turning, and spirit rapping. They are presented to the reader as a collection of relations illustrative of Dr. Ennemoser's views, without any attempt to explain or to pass judgment upon tho narratives ; and as tho selecter leaves it to the roader to apply thc " re- lations" to the author's text according-to lu's own individual ' views, so wc shall content ourselves with giving an extract without offering any opinion upon " ghost stories" in general, nor yet upon the story subjoined in particular. It is entitled : ArrAnrrtoN or LOBO TTBONB TO LADT BERESFORD. t^Lord Tyrone and Miss-wero born in Ire- land, and were left orphans in their infanoy to the care of the same person, by whom they were both eduoated in the principles of deism. Their guardian dying when they were eaoh of them about fourteen years of ago, they fell into very different hands. Though, separated from eaoh other, their friendship was unalterable, aud they continued to regard eaoh other with a sin- cere and fraternal, affection. Aftor some, years were elapsed, and both wore grown ap, they made a solemn promise to eaoh other that whichever should dio first would, if permitted, appear to the other, to declare what religion was mostannroved by the Supreme Being. Miss-waa shortly after addressed by Sir Martin Beresford, to whom she was afterwards married ; but a ohange of j condition had no power to altor their friendship. Tho families visited oaoh other, and often spent som» weeks together. A short time af:or ono of these risita Sir Martin remarked that, when his lady oamo down to breakfast, her countenance WSB disturbed, and he inquired of her health. She as- sured bira that she was quite well He then asked her if she had hurt her wrist. "Have you sprained it?" said he, observing a black riband round it. Sho answered ia tho nega- tive, and addod, " Let mo conjuro you, Sir Martin, never to inquire the causo of my wearing this riband ; you will never soe mo without it. If it concerned you as a husband to know, I would not for a moment conceal it ; I never in my life denlo J you a reqnest, but of this I entreat you to forgive rae the refusal, and never to urgo mo further on the subjeot." "Vorywell," said he, smiling " si nae you beg me BO earnestly, I will inquire no more." Tho conversation here or.dcd ; but breakfast was scarce over, when Lady Beresford eagerly inqnired if the post had come in ; she was told it bad not. ID a few minutes ehe rang again and repeated the inquiry. She was again answered as heforo, " Bo you expeot .lotters,'' said Sir Martin, " that you aro so anxious for the arrival of tho post J" "Ido," she answered, "I expeat to hoar that Lord Tyrone is dead ; ho died last Tuesday at four ?o'clock." " I never in my lifo," sold Sir Martin, " believed you superstitious ; somo idle dream has surely thus alarmed you." At that instant the »orvaut entered and dolivercd to thom a letter sealed wita black. " lb is as I oxpeoted," oxolaimed Lady Beresford ; " Loid Tyrone is ' dead.;1 Sir Martin oponed tbe letter ; it oamo from Lord Tyrone's ?toward, and contained the melanoholy intelli- gence of ids master's death, and on the very day and hour Lady Beresford had before specified. Sir > Martin boggod Lady Beresford to compose berself, and sho assured him she felt muoh easier than she had dono for a long time ; and added, ?.' I eau commaniuato intelligence to you which 1 know will provo welcome ; I can assure, yon, boyond the possibility of a doubt, that I shall in some months present you with a Bon.'' Sir Mar- tin received this nows with tho greatest joy. After some months Lady Beresford was delivored of a son (she had before boen tho niothor of two .daughtors). Sir Marlin Burvivod tho birth of his son little moro than four yenrs. Af tor his dcoease his widow seldom left homo ; she visited no family mit that of a clorgyman who rodded in the samo village: with them sho frequently passed a few hours every day ¡ tho rest of hor timo was spent in solitude, and ehe apponrod determined for over to avoid all other society. The clergyman's family consisted of himsolf, his wife, nnd one son, who at tho timo of Sir Martin's death, was quito a youth ; to this son, howovcr, sho was af tor a row years married, notwithstanding tho disparity of yoarsrind tho manifost imprudonoeof a connection eo unequal in every point of view. Lady Beresford was treated by her young hus- band with contempt and cruelty, whilo at the same timo his oonduot evlnoed bim tobo tho moat abandoned libortine, utterly destitute of ovary prinoinle ofvirtuo and humanity. By this, her j Booona husband, she bad two daughters ; after \- vrhioh, such WBB tho baseness of Jila conduot, that sho insisted on a separation. They parted for a few yours, whoa so great was tho contrition he expressed for his former conduot, that, won over by his supplications, promieos, and entreaties, ano was inducod to pardon, and once more to resido with him, and was in tinto tho mother of a son. Tho day on whick Bho bad iain-in a month, hoing tho anniversary of her birthday, she Bont for Lady Betty Cobb (of whoso friondsbln sho had long boen possessed) and a few other irlonds, to roquest them to spend tho day with hor. About aoven the clergyman by whom sho had boen christened, nnd with whom sho had all hor lifo boon intimate carno into tho room toinqulro ofter ber hoaltb. Sho told him sho was perfectly wall, nndroquoBtod him to spend tho day with thom ; for, said she, " This is may birthday. I ara forty eight te-day." "No, madam," answered tho clorgyman, " you aro mistaken j your mother and myself havo had many disputes ooncorning your ago j and 1 havo ot last discovered that 1 was right. I happened to go last nook into tho parish witera you wera boru ; I was resolved to pat an end to tho disputo ; I sonroked tho rogistor, and lind that you aro but forty-sovon this day.'' " You havo signed my doath- warrant," sho oxolaimodi " I havo thon but a fow hours to livo. 1 must, therefore, entreat you to leave Immediately, as 1 have something of importance to sottlo boibro 1 dio." When tho clorgyman loft her, Lady Boros ford sent to forbid tho company coming, and ni tho samo timo to request Lady Betty Cobb, and ber Bon (of whom Sir Martin was tho father, nnd was then about twenty-two years of ago), to come to her npartmont immediately. Upon their arrival, having orderod tho attend- ants to qnlt the room, "I havo something,*' sin slid, " of tho greatest lmportanoo to oommu nloato to you both beforo I die ; an ovont whlot is not far distant. You, Lady Betty, aro nt stranger to tho frloudship whloh subslsloi botweon Lord Tyrone and myself; wo woro edu< oatod under tho samo roof, and in tho samt prinolploj of deism. AVhon tba Monds, lntt whoso hands wo afterwards loll, endeavoured ti persuado us to embrace rovenlod rollglon, tho i nrgumonts, though Insttffloiont to oonvlnoo, wen powerful enough to Btnggor our former footings and to loava us wavering bowcou tho two opinions in this perplexing state of doubt and unoartalnty wo tundo a sulcmn promlso to onolt other, tho whlohovor dlod first should (if permitted) appon to tho othor, and doolnro what rollglon was mos MoepUble (o God t accordingly, ona night, while Sir Martin and myself were in bed, I suddenly awoke and discovered Lord Tyrone sitting by roy bedside. I soreamed out and endeavoured to awake Sir Martin» 'For beaveB'a sake,' I pxolairaed, ' Lord Tyrone, by what means or for what reaaoncame you hither at this time of night I' ' Have yon then forgotten oar promise V said he. ' I died last Tuesday at four o'olook, and ha ve been permitted by the Supreme Being to appear to yoi, to assure you that the revealedrsligion is true, and the only religion by which we can be saved. I am further suffered to inform you that you will soon produoo a Bon, whioh it is decreed will marry my daughter ; not many years after his birth Sir Martin will die, and you will marry again, and to a man by whose ill-treatment you will bo ren- dered miserable ; you will have two daughters, and afterwards a son, in childbirth of whom you wilt die in the forty-seventh year .of your age.' 1 Just heavens 1' I cid aim ed, « and cannot I pre- vent this V ' Undoubtedly you may,' returned the spectre ; ' yon are a free agent, and may prevent it all by rosisting every temptation to a second marriage; but your passions are strong, you know not their power ; hitherto you have had no trials. More I am not permitted to reveal, bat If after this warning you persist in your infi- delity, your lot in another world will be misera- ble indeed.' « May I not ask,' said I, ' if you are happy V 4 Had I been otherwise,' he replied, 'I should not havo boon petmtted to appear to you.* 'Imay then infer that you are happy I' He emilod. 'Bat bow,' said I, ' when morning comos, shall I know that your appear- ance to mo has been real, and not the mere representation of my own imagi- nation V ' Will not tho news of my death bo sufficient to convince you ?' ' No,' I returned ; < I might havo had such a dream, and that dream accidentally come to pass. I will have stronger proofs of its reality.' « You shall,' said ho, 1 and waving his hand, the bed curtains, whioh were crimson velvet, were instantly drawn through a large iron hoop by whioh tho tester of the bod was suspended.' . In that/ said ho, < you cannot bo mistaken ,* no mortal arm could have per- formed this.' ' True,' said I, ' but Blooping we are often posBossod of far moro strength than when awake ; though walking I could not havo done it, asleep I might ; and I shall still doubt.' « Hero is a pocket- book in this,' said he, 'I will write my name : you know my handwriting.' I replied, * Yes.' He wroto with a penoil on one side of the loaves. ' Still,' said I, ' in the morning I may doubt ; thoagh waking I could not imitate your hand, asleep I might.' ' Yon aro hard of belief,' said ho : 'it woald injure you irrepara- bly ; it is not for spirits to touch mortal flesh.' I < I do not,' said I, ' regard a slight blemish.' < You aro a woman of courage,' replied he, ! ' hold out your hand.' I did : be struok my wrist: his band was cold as marble ; in a mo- ment the sinews shrunk up, every nerve withered. ' Now,' said he, ' whilo you live let no mortal eye behold thnt wrist : to seo it is sacrilego.' Ho stopped ! I turned to him again ; he was gono. During tho time I had oonvoricd with him my thoughts woro perfeotly calm and oollcoted, but the moment be was gone I felt chilled with horror; tho very bed moved under me ; I endea- voured, but in vaia, to awake Slr Martin ; all my attempts were ineffectual, and in this state of agitation and terror I lay for some time, when a sbowor of tears carno to my relief, and I dropped asleep. In the morning Sir Martin arose and dressed himself as usual, without peroeiving the state tho ottrtains remained in. "When I awoke I found Sir Martin gone down ; I arose, and having put on my olothes, went to the gallery adjoining tho apartment nnd took from thenoo a long broom (suoh as cornices are swept with); by the help of this I took down I with some difficulty tho curtains, as I imagined their extraordinary position might oxoito suspi- cion in the family. I then wont to the bureau, took up my pocket-book, and bound a pleca of i blaek riband round my wrist. When I came [ down, the agitation of my mind had left an im- pression on myo ountenanoo too visible to pass un- observed by my husband. He instantly remarked and asked tho cause ; I informed him Lord Tyrono was no moro, that he died at tho hour of four on the preceding Tuesday, and desired him never to question roo more respecting tho blaok riband ; which ho kindly desisted from doing. You, my son, as had bean foretold, I afterwards brought into the world, and in little more than four years after your birth your lamented father expired in my arms. '"After this melancholy event, I determined, as tbe only probable ohanoe to avoid the sequel of Ute prodiotioo, for evor to abandon all society ; to give up overy ploasuro resulting from it, and pdsa the rest of my days in solitude and retire- ment. But few can long endnre to exist in a state of porfeot sequestration ; I began an inti« ti macy with a family-with ono alone ; nor could I then foresee tho fatal oonsoquenoos whioh afterwards rosulted from it. Llttlo did I think their son, thoir only son, then a mere youth, would be tho person des- tined by fats to prove my dostruotion. In a very few years I oeasod to rogard him with indlfferonos ; I endeavoured by e vt ry po8?iblo way to conquer a passion the fatal effects of which 1 too woll know. I had fondly imagined Iliad overcomo its influenae, when tho evening of ono fttnl day terminated my fortitude, and plunged mo in a momontdown that abyss I bad so long boon meditating how to shun, tío had often sol ic Hod his parents for loavo to go into the army, and at last obtainod permission, and at mo to bid me adieu before his doparturo. Tho instanst ho entered the room ho fell upon his knees at my feet, told mo ho was misorable, and that I alono was tho oauso. At that moment my fortitudo forsook mo, I gave myself up for lost, nnd regarding my fate na iuovltable, without further Hesitation consented to a union, tho im- mediate result of whioli I knew to bo misery, and its end doath. Tho conduot of my husband, after a few years, amply justlfiod a so paration, and I hoped by this means to avoid the fi!al sequel of the propheoy ; but won over by his reiterated entreaties, I was prevailed upon to pardon, and once moro reside with him, though not till after I had, as I thought, passed my forty-seventh year. " But alas I I havo this day hoard from indis- putable authority that I havo hitherto lata under a mistake with regard to my ago, and that I nm but forty- seven to-day. Of tho near approach of my doath I thorofore ontertain not tho slightest doubt. " When.I nm dead, as tho nooossltyof conceal- ment olosos with nay lifo, I oould wish that you, Lady Betty, would unbind ray wrist, lako from thence tho black riband, and lot my son with yourself behold it." Lady Beresford hero paused for some time, but resuming tho osnvorsatlon, sho entreated har toa would behave himsolf so as to morlt tho high honour Ii« would in futuro rooeivo from a union with tho daughter of Lord Tyrone. Lady B. then expressed a wish to Ho down on tho bod and endeavour to oomposo h or self to n'oop, Lady Betty Oobb and her son immediately called hor domestic*, and quitted tho room, having drat desired thom to watch their mistross atten- tively, and If they observed tho smallest ohange in ber, to call instantly. An hour passod, and all wai quiet In tho room. They liston od at tho door, and ovory thing romatnod still, but in half an hour more a beU rang violently ; thoy flow to hor apartmont. hut bolaro thoy renohcu tho door thoy hoard tho sorvant exclaim, " Ob, sho is dead I1' Lady Botty thon hado tho servants for a fotr minutes to quit tho room, and horaelf with Lady Beresford'* son npproaohed tho bod of bis mothor ; thoy knelt down by tho sido of it ; Lady Botty then lifted up hor hand and untiod tho riband ¡ tho wrist was found oxaotly ns Lady Beresford had dosarlbod it, ovory sinew shrunk, ovory nerve wlthorcd. Lady Beresford's son, as hod boon prcdlotod, id slsoo marrlod to Lord Tyrone's dnughtor i tho blnok riband and pookot-book woro formerly in tho poasossion of Lady Batty Oobb, Mnrlborough bullcllngs, Bath, who, during her long Ufo, was ovor ready to attest tho truth of this narration, ns aro, to tho present hour, tho wholo of tho Tyrone and Borcsford families. 