THE CHINESE PUZZLE. [We extract the following pungent article from the first Number of tlie Melbourne. Monthly Magazine ] : — The Vandemouian alarm having died away, and the State Trials being now absolutely a bore, . a new excitement has opportunely j sprung up. — a trial to Mayoral jurisprudence, an exercise for Young Collingwood oratory— the Chinese puzzle. It has, ot course, been our lot to witness : the commencement of that terrible irruption of Pagans, as they are now invariably called, which threatens thie Christianity, and the diggings, of Victoria. With horror we have heard of the barbarian hordes about to be poured into this happy land, and of their ob vious iutention of exterminating the British — and indeed, in spite of Colonel Yern, the whole European population. With horror wc have read of those foul and wicked prints which, when exposed in the police court, brought the blush of shame and indignation into the cheek of His Worship,- and sent a highly respectable lady of the name of Bridget, we believe from Sligo, into fits. These things are, at first sight, horrible, we must admit ; but let us look at them again, to be quite sure whether they are as monstrous as they appear. No doubt, to get over the preliminary ob jection which has brought up Paterfamilias in his wrath, certain pictures, said— by un doubted judges — to be of an immoral tendency, have been sold by certain Pagans to certain Christians ; and no doubt more, we arc not told how many have been fished up by our vigilant and intelligent police. Very well : the Collector of Customs should have stopped these iu the Bay ; but the offenders, either by way of sale or publication, may be puuished when they get on shore. They have adopted this country, and they must, with it, take its laws. We believe they do, most sub missively. Some individuals, out of an immi gration said to amount to very many thou-, i sands, have then been detected in an offence and punished for it. Is their sin to be visited on their countrymen ? Aud shall wc, in common justice, hang simultaneously a .few of our leading booksellers in consideration of the vice of Holywell street? 'Down they shall be put,' said Sir Charles Hotham, rather too aristocratically, of foreigners in general, the other day. ' Down they shall be put,' say many wise people, of the Chinese now. But whv ? and how ? For our part, we doubt the policy as well as the legality of auy such proceedings as our intensely European fellow-citizens are calling for, against the Pagans from the -laud of tea. We think it would be at least wise to reflect a little before setting out on so eminently un christian a crusade, as Peter — we beg par don, John Thomas — the hermit is gettiug up at this crisis. Look at John Chinaman as you see him in Collins street, with his happy and intelligent — and, we ought to add, clean — face, and compare him with a few of our fellowcountry men as they first appear in tho colony. If he is not a . Christian, this is your opportunity to make him oue ; if he is, so much the better. But, as a citizen, how is he objec tionable ? Nobody seems willing to answer that. We submit, then, in the first place, that we want colonists, and that till there is a clear case against John Chinaman, wc want him. We see him marching through the street in European dress, and we arc much obliged to him for his custom ; we see him consuming European food, and we admire his appetite. (We only hope he has imported his taste for little dogs, and will consume the few thousand useless curs which the Government won't tax). We see him refusing European drink, and we respect his sobriety 1 There he is, a Victorian from Asia — a Pagan, cer tainly, but. ready to be converted, reverend and dear sir, whenever you like to begin! There he is, we say, a Victorian, who has brought his specialty of industry, whatever it may be, aud iiis producing power, to add to the real wealth of the colony. A Vic torian, obedient to our laws, and likely to be more useful to us in many ways than many of our importations from home, however meritorious and well-meaning they may be. If he be an inferior animal, as we are informed the intellectual Brown believes, let him do inferior animals' work, of which there is plenty required ; if this be an error on the part of Brown, why then let the Chinaman improve us ; let him be Lieutenant-Governor, if the post will fit him ; let us do anything, iu fact, except declarc war upon a friend — against a visitor, at any rate — iu whotu^ wc see a good servant to begin with, and possibly a good customer into tlie bargain. As to any idajigcr to our laws from China men, we confe ss our fears lie in a different direction. We? look with some alarm at the habits of despotism likely to be engendered amongst our snia.il authorities, by the too ready submission iof the thousands of Celestials whom tbey will ii| litiv# ths opportunity of bullying to the top of their bent. ' The China man,' says an undisputed authority, *' is. bred, up to civil obedience tencrd rib unghi, with' every chance of proving a quiet subject at least. . . . Such institutions certainly do not denote the existence of much liberty ; ! but, if peaceful obedience aud uuivcrsal order be the sole objects in view, they argue, on the port of the governors, some knowledge of human nature, and an adaptation of the means to the end.' So John Chinaman would be peaceful — even at Ballai'at. Ono question : W as P etcr Lalor, late Commander-iu-Chief of the Insurgents, a Chinaman ? ? ? ?„ ai ? ? ? ,?»_? ? ? » ? »? xu uur iumas mere is sometmug contempti blc in the rush from panic to panic for which Melbourne is so sadly distinguished. The Hussiahs have not' invaded us ; the Great Britain, spite of her canonading, has left us safe ; special constables have been sworn in to save us from Bailarat ; Bailarat stands where it did, and so does Melbourne — not a constable being required. Aud now, at length, there being nothing left our Rifle Brigades aud our Sepoys to talk valor ausly about, we have a chattering of Tartar domination and auti - Celestial morals ; we are to exclude industry and energy from the colony, on the plea that it is not European ; aud with a shout of ' China for the Chinese,'' we are to shut ourselves within such lands as our own wise system allows us, to despise foreigners, and to be the laughing- stock of all sensible mankind, in nil quarters of tho world. If anybody could tell us what wc were afraid of ; if we were not mere children, seeing ghosts in the dark, and only in the dark, our terrors would be respectable ; but, really, our I preseut condition is absurd. Take any British citizen aside and . ask him what lie is afraid of — why he wishes to exclude the 1 Chinese — and whether he is sure that he wishes to exclude them at all. His answer is terribly confused. ' Morals, sir, morals, must be attended to. Pagans, you know Pa gans. No Mrs. Chisholm at the Chinese ports — no distressed needlewomen — no wives | for the Pagans, sir. Prints, sir, improper prints. Very proper observation of Mayor. Pagans' wives — prints — pictures — mayor — : inferior race— Asiatic Tartar. — Must be put a stop to 1' This is all we cau learn against the Chi nese, an intelligent, educated, aud industrious class of immigrants who, we think, may be made immensely serviceable to us (the En glish) in tlie development of the industrial resources of this colony. A prejudice has been got up against them, and that prejudice has sought every ? possible pretext for doing them wrong. It' has sought to make our little Legislature exclude the Chinese, as suming an imperial right, and pretending that we are an independent state with a voice in the matter. It has sometimes called itself by sacred names, and sometimes announced itself in. a mere political character; but it is a. prejudice, and worse, it is a panic. We are afraid of the Chinese, and we have uot the moral courage to say so. They have not a weapon amongst them ; nevertheless they have terrified us. And the Attorney-General is preparing a bill to relieve our minds — a bill for tlie exclusion of skilled artizans and ad mirable asrriculturisti, a bill to cause a fur ther delay iu the cultivation of our lands. That is Mr. Stawell's present amusement and occupation, since, without the assistance of Mr. Molesworth, he acquitted all the state prisoners. But let ui wait a little. Let us do nothing in haste. Let us give Chinese colo nists a chance, and not commence legislating against them till we know the reason why. And even then let us consider whether we wish to exclude them from the colony or only from the diggings, and whether, by cutting them off from the gold fields and opening the land, we could not make their industry of vast value to ourselves. Iu short, let us look at this question as selfishly as possible. Let us assure the Chinese that they are Pagaus and our inferiors, and let us bastinado them from time to time, if that oriental mode of punish ment be thought desirable ; but if we can get anything out of them let ns do so, and unless we are a perfectly irrational people, let us stay Mr. Stawell's hand till wc see whether he is about to slay an Asiatic goose come here to lay golden eggs. Meanwhile, Mrs. Chisholm is requested to smuggle us a few China women, and, by all means, to let those she brings be young. It is, we believe; a melancholy truism, applicable to the whole people, ' that witn tne progress of age, the old men come very ugly, and the old women, if possible, more so.' ( Vide Penny . C'ljclopir.d ia, article China.) , Such 'being the case, perhaps some of .the Pagans will' unite themselves to. more durable, British spinsters^ and, attaching themselves to the soil of Victoria, found a ncwJamily upon the face of the earth. - We say nothing of the expediency of such marriages, except that in, no case, we trust, will the lady find that by any accident she has ' caught a Tartar 1' 