~ BUCKINGHAM'S AUTOBIOGRAPHY. f No, portioa of tlie vast literary field is tra versed with greater pleasure than that which includes works of personnl narrative, where the author has passed through a long and chequered career. And if, to tho remarkable events that crowd round the memory of a man in advanced years, whoso operations have been confint'd to his native land, arc added the re trospections of one who has encountered well; nigh overy imaginable pern on lanu, ana an tho dangers of the deep, to whom the rnosti sublime aud marvellous phenomena of nature; have become familiar things, who has studied! the social condition of the different peoples j with whom he has repeatedly been brought in , Gontact, And whose note-book is interspersed with well-drawn sketches of the men who Lave occupied prominent places in the eye of the country during the period of his own active life, his autobiography -cannot fail to possess attraction^ superior to works produced by the most fcrtile'imagination. Such a book is passing through the press, and tho two first instalments are now before us. They com mence with an account of the author's birth in 1786, the reader being pleasantly carried from Flushing, where his early associations centre, through rapidly changing scenes up to the year 1815, in tho course of which com paratively brief period (twenty-nine years) he appears to havo passed through more vicissi tudes, to have been visited by, and overcome, moro reverses of fortune, and to havo encoun tered more adventures than fall to the lot of the majority of mankind throughout the whole course of their existence. During the greater part of this time he led a seafaring life, having been placed ou board the Lady I-Iarrict before he had reached his tenth year. In this vessel lie made two voyages to Lisbon, and was pro ceeding on a third, when she had tho ill-luck to be captured by the French corvette Mars. Along with the rest of tho crew lie is taken to Coruuna, where he is imprisoned, for the solo purpose, apparently, of being adored by the superintendent's daughter, a lovely child of passion,, who proposes to open his prison gates, and fly with him. His good sense, however, enables him to resist the temptation. Ho and his shipmates aro ultimately released — to the overwhelming grief of his inamorata — and they proceed on a painful but interesting march, through G-alicia, to Abrantes, ou the banks of tho Tagus, whence they set out by boats for Lisbon,, and he finally returns to England by the Prince of Wales. Ho ia now placed with a bookseller and printer at Plymouth, where lie writes a five-act drama, which he offers to the lessee of the theatre, with the usual success of youug aspirants. His fourteenth year witnesses ano-, ther remarkable epoch iu his. existence. He becomes a strong believer in the Calvinistic doctrine, is publicly baptized, and occupies the pulpit 'ere twelve', months are expired. * ' It was a belief,' he says, ' which raado me inex pressibly happy, and reconciled me entirely (at which I cannot now but b 3 astonished) to tho perfect justico of the etc ' lal damnatioh of all tho millions -upon millio is not 'inbluded; within that sacred circle?'.. Gradually, how-' ever, the .old leaven' of love for a seafaring life returns upou him with overpowering force'. Forgetting his duty, as one of , ' tlie elect,' lie. takes French leav,e of his mast uy and enters on board the Maw, the. identical French1 cor- , vette in which he h^d ' been , a prisoner,, aud ; ?which', in her turn, had been captured by an - Euglish cruiser. Disgust cd, however, by the, frightful discipline in! the Iflcct, lie deserts, and after rpino remarkable adventures,, again finds his way to Flushing, whero he remains about , two years, at the expiratioin of which time he takes .a trip to the Seilly Islands. O11 return ing to his native shores he falls 'in love, 'at first sight,' with Miss' .Elizabeth, JeDnings,: whom he marries before he has reached his twentieth year, the young lady being bis' junior. The first great reverse in fortuue now ? overtakes him; tho trustee in whom the ample fortune left by his father is vested is excho; qucred for smuggling, and young James Silk , Buckingham is thrown penniless on the world. Now commence a series of struggles for bread, in London and Oxford, as a printer on infiuitessimal wages, until he is fortunate enough to meet with an engagement at sea as 1 first mate on board the William Fleming. ? From this point his progress towards noto riety is rapid, the second volume leaving him as he' is .about to undertake an overland jour ney from Alexandria to India, as the bearer of tho proposed terms of convention between Mahommed Ali Pacha and the British mer chants. Before quitting the book we cannot omit to transfer into our columns, for the de lectation of. our readers, a few of the many paragraphs which wo have had so much plea sure in perusing. ' . , INTEMPKRANCE SIXTY YEARS AGIO. ' At this period no one, as far as I can re member, thought intoxication unbecoming,, but rather tlio mark of a gentlemen, as indi cative of high breeding; the higher classes, clergy as well as laity, seemed morc'frcquently inebriated than the lower,- their means of indul gence being moro amplo, it being thought a very shabby sort of h'ospitality to allow any guest at a great house to leave the table per fectly sober; hence the common expression of that day, 'lie was drunk as a lord;' or ' drunk a°B . a bishop.' Marriages, christen ings, and funerals were made spccial occasions, for even tho poorest to iudulge, ' and . in all classes great consumption of intoxicating drinks took place at these celebrations. It was at funerals especially' . that., spirits wero pro fusely drank, and chiefly among tho poor. The customary mode was this: the corpse was first brought from tho dwelling, house, and tho coffin placed on a bench, mido of chairs reversed, beforo tho door: hero a hymn or psalm was sung, and glasses of. brandy handed round at its close to every one present, whe ther assistants or mere spectators. This fre quently stimulated the leader to give out a second hymn or psalm, which was sung with greater spirit than tho first, aud another round .of brandy was served as: before. The corpse was then borne by four or ' six bearers^ o certain distance, when these were relieved by others, aud at each resting-place brandy was again served; so that by the tirno the par ties reached the parish church, some two miles distant, they wero nearly all muddled -and stupid. Sometimes, however, it had tho effect of making tho expressions of grief more vehe ment than if they had been perfectly sober; and then' again brandy was applied as a soother of sorrow. As near every church thero was sure to bo a public houso, a funeral ' was a great day for the landlord, and 'few who attended such funerals 'went perfectly sober to bed. * ' Autobiography of James Silk Buckingham ; iacluling his voyages, travels, adventures, specula tions, successes and /ail tires, ? faithfully -arid frankly narrated, interspersed with characteristic sketches -?f, s p iblic mull with whom lielms had ' intercourse, dur ing-a period of moro than fifty years.' Vols. I. and It. London : Longman, Brown, Green, and Long mans. EXTRAORDINARY PRESERVATION. ! I Mr Steele has been brought up in'*the packet- service from a boy, and was accounted one of the ablest of its officers as a seaman, as he was one of tho most popular as a mau. His father, when acting commander of one of the i packets many years beforo, had fought a most ? gallant action with two French privateers,] eacli of greatly superior force to his own ship; I but, though boating them off, and thus oscap- j ing victorious, he was himself severely wounded and given up for dead. Indeed his body was about to be thrown overboard, with the rest of the killed in the action, when his son, then a youth of twelve years old, and a universal favorite on-board, interceded so warmly for tho preservation of his father's body, that itj might be buried on shore, that his wishes were complied with. Tiie body was therefore: placed in his cot, covered up all but the face, and lay in this condition for three or four! days, uuder ? the impression that life was entirely extinct. The son, however, watched' it incessantly, and on the arrival of the ship in port, thought he saw indications of the vital spark not_ being yet entirely extinct. Tho sur geon of the packet was accordingly summoned to examine it, and found that life still remained, but at the lowest point of possible existence ; and immediate measures wero taken for its re covery, which, by due care and time, was hap pily effected. The wound was in the head ; a piece of an iron crowbar, several inches in ! length and more than an inch in circumference, | had entered one ot the eyes, and remained im jbedded in the skull. It was successfully ex tracted, after being there several days, though 1 tho loss of both eyes was the consequence. The piece of iron was so much larger than had over been known to remain in the head of any individual without causing death, that it ex cited great curiosity ; and, a lady of distinction desiring to possess it, her wish was gratified, in return for which she settled on the wounded and blind officer a small pension for life, which, iu addition to a pension granted from the Post pffice, rendered him independent of further aid. He then retired to Plymouth, where lie lived with his brother, then one of the officers of that garrison, for a number of years, one of the sereuest and happiest of men. FREE MANNERS OF THE PORTUGUESE. Another incident, which made a deep im pression on me during our stay in the Tagus, was the frequent passing and repassing of the Royal barge to and from the bathing-place at the mouth of the river, to which the Queen of Portugal 'and her Court resorted every three or four days for sea-bathing. The barge was of the most splendid description, of great length and size, and adorned with carvings and gold. It was covered with silken awnings, and rowed by twenty-four handsome and athletic rowers, evidently selected for their manly beauty, dressed in snow-white shirts and trowsers, with scarlet sashes round their waists, and raven-black curly hair, all har monizing well with their rich bronze com plexions, brawny arms, naked and hairy breasts, and dark fiery eyes. Tho Queen was constantly surrounded by a bevy of fair maids of honor, an d some dozen courtiers and favorites of the other sex; and, judging from the peals of laughter which every now and then broke forth from the party, as well as from the character of the songs sang by the rowers in keeping time with their oars, feminine delicacy formed no part of the equipage. It was said, indeed, that tho ladies and gentlemen bathed freely and nudely in the presence of each other, and that no scruples prevented even the rowers from exhibiting their fine proportions to the admiration of their superiors. Soft strains of music and delicious perfumes wafted in the air as the barge passed through tho crowded ships at their anchorage ; and the whole strikingly brought to mind the gorgeous description by Shakspeare, of Cleopatra in her barge sailing up the Cydnus to meet Mark Antony at Tarsus :— ' The barge she sat in, like a burnished throne, Burnt ou tho water — the poop was beaten gold, Purple the sails, and so perfumed, that The winds were love- sick with them— tho oars were ; silver, Which to the tune of flutes kept stroke, and made The water which they beat to follow faster, As amorous of their strokes.' The free manners of the Court were thought to have great influence in relaxing the vigor of social relations on shore ; and tales were in every one's mouth of such connexions between persons of the higher rank as would not be tolerated in England : while among the humbler classses tho dissoluteness was almost universal. Exclamations and expressions such as could not be named, and which in England would be confined to the most abandoned, saluted the ear at tho landing-places and in' the public markets, from women as well as men ; and our sailors appeared to be familiar with all the haunts of vice, which were generally designated by tho most sacred names ; as tho street of tho Holy Trinity, the lane of the Blessed Virgin, the alley of the Sacred Heart, tho court of St. Peter and St. Paul, the piazza of the Holy Sacra ment. Most of the lowest wine shops, too, were aqua ardiente or aniseed brandy was as abundantly supplied as wine, had for their signboards the portrait of some favorite saint, particularly Saint Autonia, Joseph and Mary, the Bleeding Lamb, tho Eternal Father, tho Holy Ghost, and similar associations of tho most awful and venerable names with the vilest of practices. In the same manner, their largest ships of war, both among tho Portuguese and Spaniards, are called tho Santissima Trinidada and the Sal vador del Mundo, the most inappropriate that could well be conceived ; and certainly less in harmony with tho death-dealing and destroy ing powers they are intended to exercise than the Euglish names of tho Terrible, tho Re venge, the Spitfire, tho Arrogant, the Implac able, the Lion, the Tiger, tho Wolf and the Bulldog, tho Ætna, tho Vesuvius, and tho Stromboli, all of which sufficiently proclaim the nature of their mission. AN EXTRAVAGANT DARKIE. One of tho most remarkable cases of this extravagance, that I remember, was that of a cook of a line-of-battle ship, who had returned to England after an, absence of seven- years on tho West India and South American stations. It was then tho custom' to withhold all pay and prize-money from officers and men while' tho ships were abroad ; so that tho long arrears of both due in this case, with the gains arising from- tho cook's privileges of .'slush-money,' as it is called, that is, the sale or supply to the ship's purser- of all the " grease ' made in cooking operations, which is used for many purposes at sea, and for the value of which credit was given in the ship's account, exceeded £3,000, and all this was dissipated in less than three weeks I The cook was a negro, but a fine man of his race, and proud of his person. As a warrant offi cer, he was entitled to wear tho naval uniform 'and, having taken an extensive, suite of rooms in ond of tho principal hotels, he was fitted out by -the most i fashionable tailor with two or three rich suits of broadcloth, kerseymere, satin linings, and gold. His hair was dressed every morning and well powdered, and he had a carriage and four for his daily exercise. lid took tho stage-box at the theatre every night,' invited his tradesmen to dinner before going to the play, and after the performance brought homo with him, sometimes as many as half,-a dozen Iadies of compliant character to sup and spend tho night with him. At the and of tho first week he engaged one of the Portsmouth sloop packets, which sailed daily from Plymouth, and gave a general invita. tion to as many ladies as chose to avail themselves of it, offering a free passage there and back ' as a cruise, with ample entertain ment on board. Of course tho sloop was crowded, and tho cost of this experiment exhausted the whole of his funds. At the end of the third week, having sold or pawned what remained of his wardrobe and orna ments to keep up the game, he was at last so destitute as to be unable to pay for a bed, and was literally found by a shopman, who went to open his place- of business in the morning, stowed away in the hollow space into which the shutters were placed 'during the night. From thence he was taken to the hospital, and in another week he was dead. ALTERATION IN TIIE MARRIAGE SERVICE. 5 ' While working at ? the Clarendon Printing office a story was current among the men, .and generally believed to be authentic, to the following effect : — 'Some of the gay young students of tho University who loved a practical joke, had made , themselves sudi ! ciently familiar with the manner in wliicln tlie \- type3 tiro fixed in certain forms and laid ou I the press, . and] with the mode : of ppening such forms for corrections when required ; land when- the sheet containing tlio marriage service was about to be worked off, as finally corrected, they unlocked tho form, took out a 'single letter, v, and substituting iu, its place the letter k, thus converting the word live into like. The result was, that, when the sheets were printed, that part cf the ser vice which rendered the bond irrevocable, Jwas so changed as to make it easily dissolved, as the altered passage now read as follows : ; — the minister asking tho bridegroom, ' Wilt thou havo this woman to thy wedded wife, to live together after God's ordi nance in the holy state of matrimony ? Wilt thou love her, comfort her, liouor her, and keep her in sickness and in health : and, forsaking all others, keep thee only unto .her, so long as ye both shall like V To which ,the man shall answer, 'I will.' The same change was made to the question, put to the bride. It was said that, the change was not disco vered till all the sheets were printed off, and was then detected by the ; compositor who distri-. i biitcd the, types. Tlie whole of -the sheets had accordingly to be cancelled ; but the real culprits wore never discovered, till they 'left University, .aud then when they were beyond the authority of. tho proctors, they, voluntarily confessed what they called their ' lark.'.' v''!' 'FAIR, PLAY'S', A , JEWEL.,.. , As an. illustration - of the primitive, manners of the people, a current anecdote prevailed' here (the Seilly Islands) ' to the following effect That,.. duringiSundaynfternoonfa feari'ul wreck occurrcd: in the island of St. Mary's, and not far, from' the church, in :whic!i. divine service was; then celebrating. ;V 'As. all ranks and classes regarded such wrecks.:as fair subject for plunder, since- the underwriters must have to. pay .lor - all, j the' intelligence of the disaster had hardly 'reached the, -church before the portion of the congregation nearest' the door- began, to move off pretty quickly. The clergyman being in the pulpit, demanded aloud the ? reason of this sudden movement, when several voices exclaimed, 'A wreck I a wreck l' on which he instantly closed his sermon book, aud said, ?' Now,- dearly- beloved brethreu, fair play is a jewel; wait till I have left the pulpit and put off my canonicals, and then let us all start fair together.' This was professed to bo believed as a truth by -the narrators, and the period 'fixed for it occurring1 less than fifty years ago. : ° ' OLD tubs' AND ' CLIPPER SHIPS.' 1 As an instance of .the absurdity of our old' shipping laws, and the hindrances , tliey op-', posed to improvement iu., tlie. beauty, .of fprm3 or increase of , speed in our merchant, vessels/ it may be stated that the rule for determining, the .amount of a ship's tounage' was td|multi ply', tho length by tho bread th| and add 'the. depth of the hold, .the total . of ; these' '..threo elements forming the basis of 'calculation for tho | tonnage required. It' is: clear that any addition to the length or breadth, these being multiplying 'numbers, would make consider^' ablo addition , to the tonnage, while increased depth of hold, this being an additive number only, would not effect any great augmentation. Now, as the dues paid by ships on entering port, or leaving it, were calculated on their measurement tonnage, and not by what 'amount of cargo they could actually carry, tho pro blem among shipowners who wished to evade the payment or lessen tho amount of these duties, was, how to construct a vessel .that should carry the largest amount of' cargo with the smallest measurement tonnage for duty; The shipbuilders soon solved this by construct ing ships of small dimensions in length and breadth, and largo dimensions in depth, pro portions which utterly destroyed the beauty of form, and equally impeded tho sailing of vessels, as well as' increasing their liability. to take the ground, from their increased draft of water. Hence, it often happened that ships built for specific purposes where great speed', was required, and which were ; therefore long and broad, but. shallow, measured 500 tons chargeablo with duty, yet would not carry 300 tons of cargo ; while, others, built for' ca- pacity rather than speed, would measure 300 tons for duty and carry 500 tons of cargo. A ludicrous instance of an extreme case occurred at Bristol, where a ship was built of such little length and breadth, - and such great depth ol hold, that while sho measured- only, 200 tons, she carried S00 toils of cargo. Site was sent to the West Indies to load with sugar aud rum ; and having only a very light cargo on her outward passage, she realised, beforo the windy with all canvas, spread, about live miles an hour, this being her greatest speed. On hei.- return voyage, however, when deeply laden, and drawing thirty feet of water (a vesjel of 200 -tons of the- present- day di awing little more than ten); and sailing with a fleet uuder convoy,' sho coidd never 'W moved faster than three miles an hour under tho mosi favorablo circumstances; As t ic rate of a fleet must always be regulated by tho speed of the slowest, iu order to keep thom altogether, tho commodore, seeing this ' floating warehouse,' as she was appropri ately called, always lagging astern while the whole fleet had to shorten s&il; for her coming up, ordered somo of the faster vessels to tako her successively in tow ; but these, after part ing many hawsers in the vain attempt, were only kept back, without advancing their, tow by half a mile an hour. The commodore him selt then took her in tow, and under a hdavy press of sail, gave the lumbering hull another ' half mile or so of speed ; but at length cousi dering that it' was unjust to the rest of tli , fleet to retard their progress longer for tly ! sake of this one, he.Icft.hcr to her fate.; andi. I i ivas ascertained sho did not reach England ; till five weeks after tho arrival of the convoy ; .vith which she started. This absurd legislation. . now happily altered, was' tho sole cause of tin,' jjreat inferiority of English merchant vcssels'ii, beauty of form and speed, not only to our own ships-of-war, but even to American traders who labored under no such restrictions; bui now that these have been removed (though like other improvements, it was stoutly resisted by those who oppose all innovations,) we have as beautiful and fast mercliantvessels as any country in tho world, of which the Thames aud the Mersey present magniliceni specimens of every size ; while the Chinosi (the most thorough conservatives of mankind) 'still adhere to their junks, of which Noah's ark jmust have been the prototype. j SHIP' IMPEDED BY DEAD LO.CUSTS. . , . ; , At length , the wind shifted to the southeast, and then'jsouthj' with a - suffdcatiiig1 ; Ifoat, 'tlih ' being tho: sirocco of tho .Levant, 'and 'blowing over the great Lybiati and Nuniidiau deserts, comes charged with' hot and sulphureous vapors, cansiug a most disagreeable sensation, of a stifling and oppressive kind. On tin third day after this shift of the wind, and when iwe were well up abreast of Sicily, but nearer to the African shore, wo were surprised out morning at seeing all tho headmost vessels o! the, fleet; arrested, in their course uy some hbstacle which impeded the progress of each ship as she camo up with it, till the entire jionvoy formed an almost straight line. On looking over tho ship's side thero was seen a thick, .mass of brown matter, which it was difficult to sail through with all canvas spread tt appearing to be between the, cousistency of oil and tar, or melted butter and honey. Buckets full of it wero drawn up |ou deck for inspection, but all we could perceive was that it was some animal matter in a state of dosay, and emitting a most disagreeable odour. Send ing the buckets deeper and deeper, however, by attachingweights to their bottom, so as to bring up some of the lower strata, we perceived the legs, and - wings, and half-putirid bodies ol brown locusts, in a less advanced stage ol decomposition than the brown oily mass of the surface ; and we concluded, of course, that the whole mass was composed of the. same mate rials. Desirous of ascertaining the extent ol the space occupied by it, I went ; to the fore topmast crosstrees with a glass, and. sweeping tlie horizon ahead aud ou each side of us, 1 perceived that it extended as;-' far'. 'as the;eye cquld reach' to the' east, .north-, and'soilth, which presented one solid and '.unbroken mass o(]smooth brown surface, while to the . west the open sea presented the deep blue which distin guishes the waters of the Mediterranean. .The conclusion was that some vast flight of locusts passing from Africa to Europe, , had encoun tered a contrary wind on their passage, and hnid fallen exhausted into the sea,, and were there gradually decaying, in the state in which we found them. . Such flights of locusts 'have from timo to time been recorded! in history, :as -marking the devastation everywhere, caused by, their 'numbers. In the year, 593 a famine wajs cnused in Turkey ^ and Persia by their consumption of tho fruits and grain of the fields. In 677 Syria1 and Mesopotamia were overruu by them. In 852 immeuse swarms of them took their flight from the eastern regions into tho west, flying with such a sound that they might be mistaken for, birds ; they de stroyed all . vegetables; . not sparing even the ?bark of trees, or the thatch of houses; and they devoured the corn so rapidly as to destroy, on a computation, 140 acres in a day. Their daily progress was about twelve miles ; and their movements appear, to. have .--been* regulated by kings or leaders, who flew 'first ' and settled oil' tlio spot, which was to bo visited the, next day, at the sanio hour, by the whole . legion,' their move ment always commenciug at sunrise. , ; After traversing the continent of- Europe, they were ;driven at last into the Baltic- Sea; where, being thrown back on the shores, they caused a dreadful pestilence by1 their putrefaction. In 1271 all. the corn-fields around, M'dan;.were. 'destroyed'' by locusts; in 1339 all those of Lombardy; ' and, ih) 1541 such incredible' hosts of them afflicted Wallacliia, and Moldavia that tliey darkened , the' shn' ,by ; thcir'.nuixiber?',' And;, ravaged}- all ' tlio fruits .of, tlio , earth. Volncy gives a striliing description of-, their numbers' and .the devastation they Committ ed in Syria and : Palestine; but, the mbp^remarlwblp ac count on record; lii1 W^'disralttmesi' 'is 'fchat of a gentleman of Poonah, who was witness to. ah immense army of locusts 'which ravaged' the Mahi-att'ah' ^country ' in India.'' 'The' column tliey | composed was said to have extended. 'five . hundred mileslh length; 'and so^cornpact was their, body when on the wing that, like an eclips?, they .completely, hid - the sun, :so' that 'no'sliadow was cast by any object, and some lofty j tombs at! aShort'distanoe were' rendered quite: inyisiblo.. ( ; What; added Jo ;tlie horror of tho scene was, ''that they, were .of ? the' redi 1 species of locusts, so that clustering .upon the trees, after thoy had stripped thein'ofltheir: .foliage, they turned the verdant .greeu into a! bloody hue. The second chapter of the Book of the Prophet Joel, describing these hosts,' ?says emphatically, ''The' 'land is -as tho ' gar- gen of Eden' bl!for6 ,them7 aTid behind them a desolate wilderness';' arid again, ' The sun and the moon shall be dark before them, and the stars shall withdraw their shining.'' Wo wore heartily, glad to get througlrthis , mass of ani mal putrefaction liy a s trong freeze, .from. tho west,;to which every ship crowded- all the sail she could spread, and by daylight on the follow ing niprni hg jvejmd tho gra,t|flcation of being' once more in tho pure element, of .-watery which seemed doubly beautiful after tho brown sur face we had -so recently traversed: : 1 ? 