REVIEW. " (Prom th* Noneonformitt, November I,) I PoHiial Worki of John Oldham. Edited by BOBIB» Bett, (Annotated Poet«,) London} J.W.rwkerandSon,. . It,Is almost & hundred years ago that tho last edition of tho Poems,of- Jolm Oldham iras printed.' They have never been repre- sented even by selections, in any complete editions of the poets ; anil tho probability is^ that they ar« not known to one in a hundred of the lover« of our old poetry. So complete < is thc oblivion into which they have fallon. And yet Oldham was a celebrity in bis day, and Dryden wrote his praises, and Pope admired while he censured him. Even several years before Dryden published his famous satire, Absolom and. Achithophol, Oldham had gained popularity by satires which entitlo him, unknown aa he now jp, to contest with Dryden hiniBelf tho honours belong- ing to that species of poetical composition, Wo honestly confess that wo ourselves knew notbiug of Oldham till now, except that Mr. Hallam, in briefly noticing ?ome minor poets under tho first Stuarts, names him-with the remark, that he " ranks perhaps next to Dryden, andi's spirited and pointed, though his versification is too negligent and his sub- jects^ temporary." So wo receive this volume, not merely as a now edition, but as an ' absolutely novel addition to our English poetry ; and with cordial thanks to Mr. Bell for having disinterred for us an author whose works, as ho justly says, possess incontestable merits of a high order, and present legitimate claims to a place in every complete collection of Eng- lish poetry." But who waa John Oldham?-our readers will inquiro. By Mr. BUU'B help, we will answer.-John Oldham wa3 the son of a. Nonconformist minister, who had a congregation at Nuneaton. He was born on the 9th of August, 1653. Ho re- ceived his early education at homo ; then spent two yonrs at Tedbury School ; whence ho removed to St. Edmund Hall, Oxford, in 1670. At college ho distinguished himself by his mastery of the classic; writers, especially tho poets ; and there the tendency of his genius was discovered, in that strong lo»'o of poetry which subso Îuently gave the direction to his career. Ie took his B.A. degree, and not long afterwards, much against his own desiro, was summoned homo by his father. No calling, or plan of life was before him ; and soon wearying, ns may be supposed, of' the rural Nonconformist sooicty of Gloucestershire, he readily accepted a situation as usher in tho freo school of Croydon, Already, while at his father's house, ho had written a Pindarie Odo, on the death of his friond and intimate com- panion, Mr. Richard Morwent-a poem considered by Pope to bo one of tho best of Oldham's compositions, and possessing much spirit and true feoling, though too elaborate and exhaustive. Whilo ot Croydon, pursuing his monotonous school task« (which attracted him only as afford, ing him an independence)," ho pro du cod soveral pieces, which wore circulated in manuscript, and so found their way to, some of the literary coteries of town. Oldham was surprised to receive a visit, ono day, from Rochester, Dorset, and others, who wero curious to seo the obscure author of the verses that had made a sensation in tho great world of Pop's alloy and the coffee-houseB." Tho interview led to nothing; Oldham continued at his, to him, revolting toil, filling up his Icisuro with ihe work in which ho delighted. After threo years he obtained an appointment as tutor to thc grandsons of Judge Thurland, ia which position he continued for two years. During this period ho wrote thc Satires against tho Jesuits, which made him famous, and which are still tho ellie! sourco of any fame he may continue to enjoy. After another brief engagement ns tutor, Oldham, stimulated hy tho notice he had gained, and by the ambition he cherished, settled in London : hero ho re- newed his acquaintance with Rochester, Sedley, and their friends; and through them became known to Dryden, who had not then changed his religion, and wan capable of n warm regard and sincero ad- miration for the author of the invectives against the Jesuits. In tho midst of the brilliant but dissipated society into which he came, the young poet momentarily yielded to some of the seductions of town; but still retained that virtue which beheld in tho licentiousness and profligacy of the time, only a new subject for his powerful and scorching satire. One of his new friends was tho Earl of Kingston, who vainly endeavoured to induce him to become his chaplain,-a position Oldham has depicted in vivid colours, In a satin to which Mr. Macaulay refers, in a noti to his History, and from which are drawl many of the details of his picture of tin condition of tho clergy, and especially o tho house-chaplains of the country gentry under the Restoration. The Earl subse quently invited Oldham to his seat in Nottinghamshire ; but he had not lon¡ enjoyed his hospitalities, when he was carried off by small-pox. at the early age of thirty. The passage we just now referred to, a indicated by Macaulay, is worth quoting as a specimen of Oldham's manner, and a a curious glimpse of tho domestic life o tho period. It occurs in a " Sátire ad dressed to a Friend that is about to leave the University, and come abroad in the World." Some think themselves exalted to tho sky, If they light in some noble family ; Diet, a horse, and thirty pounds a year, Besides the advantage of his lordship's ear, Tho credit of tho business, and tho state, Are things that in a youngster's sense sound great. Little tho Inexperienced wretch does know, What slavery he oft must undergo, Who, though in silken scarf and cassock dressed wears but a gayer livery at best ; When dinner calls, the implement must wait, ' With holy words, to consecrate tho meat, But hold it for a favour seldom known, If he be deigned the honour to sit down, Soon as the tarts appear, Sir Crape, withdraw ; These dainties are not for a spiritual maw ; Observe your distance, and he sure to stand Hard by the cistern with your cap in hand ; There for diversion you may pick your teeth, Till the kind voider comes for your relief. For mere board wages such their freedom sell, Slaves to an hour, and vassals to a bell ; And if the enjoyment of one day be stole, They ere but prisoners out upon parole ; Always the marks of slavery remain, And they, though loose, still drag about their chain, And where's tho mighty prospect after all, A chaplainship served up, and seven years' thrall ? The menial thing, perhaps, for a reward, Is to some slender benefice preferred, With this proviso bound, that he must wed My ladies antiquated waiting-maid, In dressing only skilled, and marmalade Let others, who such meannesses can brook, Strike countenance to every great man's look ; Let those that have a mind, turn slaves to eat, And live contented by another's plate ; I rate my freedom higher, nor will I For food and raiment truck my liberty. As, to most of our readers, John Old- ham is undoubtedly a rovisitant from the world of tho forgotten dead, we may very suitably add to our account of him, Mr. Bell's most truthful observations oh tho character of his works. Pope and others have, too justly, charged him with coarse- ness : Mr. Bell replies :-. It must be admitted that Oldham wrote some pieces which deserve tho obloquy they have in- curred, and that there are expressions and allu- sions in his satires which would be unpardonable in a writer of tho nineteenth century. In this respect, however, he is not more open to censure than the most famous of his contemporaries ! and although such transgressions aro not to bo excused by example, it would be obviously unjust to hold up to particular condemnation in him, a oorrnpt taste which has not excluded the works of Dryden from general circulation. Indeed, making a reasonable allowance for tho common language and usages of tho period, Oldham is entitled to credit, not only for having written so little that is oflensivo in this way, but for tho general tendency of his writings in an opposite direction, Tho end he had in view should betaken into account informing an esti- mate of the means he employed. If he descended to coarseness it was not to stimulate a prurient or depraved appetite, but to turn against vice its own weapons. Tho licentiousness of tho age, tho ser- vility of pandering authors, the nogleot of litera- ture, tho pride and profligacy of the nobility, and tho degradation of tho lower orders of tho clergy are tho topics upon which he gives free scope in his honest satire ; and he knew that it he fronted them with delicacy and re- serve he must inevitably fail " in making tho impression he desired. He was too much in earnest to pick and choose his phrases, or turn his versification. He thought only of tho matter, and was indifferent to tho manner.* As he has himself frankly acknowledged, tho indignation is every where paramount to tho art ¡ " Nor needs there art or genius here to use, Where indignation can create a muse !" In tho core of his bold and vehement satires, there is a sound and permanent material which may be safely liberated from incidental impurities, and which it is tho design of tho present volume tc preserve. In order to put thc reader in the righi position for appreciating what. Mr. Bell hus further to say of the historical volume of Oldham's verses, we must state, that il was immediately after the discovery of the Popish Plot, and while the excitement ami terror produced by the disclosures of Oates Tonge, and others, wore at their height that tho most celebrated of tho author's works was published-the " Satires on the Jesuits.". Of all the fugitive writers on tho Protestant side [says Mr. Doll] who contributed to foment the agitation produced by tho revelations of Titus Oates, Oldham is tho ablest and oddest. He is not merely tho most honest representative of the spirit that actuated his party, nt a period when th kingdom was convulsed by religious feuds, but th only one whose works, addressed to the passions of tho hour, are worth reproduction, He belong wholly to the terrible episode, of tho Popish Plot Tho entire term of his literary life did not spread over more than four or five years ¡ and throughout that time tho public mind was absorbed by the topics upon which he has dilated with such zealous frenzy in his attack on the Jesuits. As Dryden a little latcr, espoused tho interests of tho Duke of York's adherents, so Oldham assorted tho views < their opponents ; and in this aspeot his satires poi seas a special interest, and supply an important desideratum. They exhibit at its height the fury that pervaded tho Protestant party, and enable us te balance tho account of violence between them and tho Roman catholics. Tho writings of Dryden have transmitted to posterity an impression, too hastily adopted by modern historians, that the Tories immeasurably transcended tho Whigs in malignity and intemperance ; but in the invectives of Oldham we find an display of bitterness and rancour which even Dryden himself has not sur passed. The advantage of superior skill was wit tho greater poet ¡ but Oldham rivals him in the breadth and torrent of his vituperation. Nor are these satires less curious as a picture of living manners. They reflect with minute fidelity the life of tho Restoration. In his sketches of the modes and habits of London, Oldham enters into variety of particulars that bear upon tho moral and social attributes of the time. The panoram he thus brings before us is full of illustrative de tails. From tho incidents of tho streets, the slightness of tho house architecture, tho frequcney of lires, the insecurity of passengers by night nnd day, and tho exploits of scourers, roarers, and pad ders, he ascends to tho delinquencies of tho.higher orders, tho corruptions at court, tho venality of authors and parasites, tho neglect of literature and tho servile homage that was paid to wealth Tho vividness of this portraiture of tho contempo rory age, and tho stern justice, he executes upon its vices, invest his satires with a lasting historical value that abundantly compensates for the rugged ness of his verse, and vindicates his right to a high place amongst English satirists." Mr. Bell tells us, that tho wholo i Oldham's works are contnined in this volume, with tho exception of a few pieces which are omitted without injury to lis fame or to tho reader's pleasure Even thus weeded, there remains too much that is indelicate and gross ' although a moral intention is unmistakably present in pas sages tho most daring and repulsive, It may be presumed that had Oldham lived longer, he would himsolf have corrected these faults ; for among other indications of his own sense of their many deformi ties, we find, in probably the last compo sition he wrote-"A Sunday Thought in Sickness"-the confession, " How have I misemployed those parts and talents which might have rendered mo serviceable to mankind, and repaid an interost of giory to their donor 1" And these words are followed hy penitential cries, and oxpres sions of faith and hope in God's mercy and the Hodoomer's snorificc, which ar vory striking for their apparent sincerity and profound feeling. As tho most notorious of Oldham's pro ductions has not yet been represented by an extract, we conclude our brief notice of this remarkable man, and most acceptably resuscitated author, by taking a passage from, tho fourth " Satire against the Jesuits." Thus he describes some of tho objects of his confessedly "red-hot vengeance " : One undertakes by scale of miles to tell The bounds, dimensions, and extent of hell ; How far and wide tho infernal monarch reigns How many German leagues his realm contains; Who are his ministers, pretends to know, And all their several offices below ; How many chaldrons he each year expends In coals for routing Huguenots and fiends, And with as much exactness states the case, As if he were surveyor of the place, Another frights the rout with direful stories, Of wild chimeras, limbos, purgatories. And bloated souls in smoky durance hung, Like a Westphalia gammon or neat's tongue, To be redeemed with masses and a song, A good round sum must the deliverance buy, For none may there swear out on poverty. Your rich and bounteous shades are only eased ; No Fleet, or King's-bench ghosts are there released. . . » . » . But nothing with tho crowd does more enhance The value of those holy charlatans, Than when tho wonders of the mass they view, Where spiritual jugglers their chief mastery shew. " Hey, jingo, sirs ! what's this ?" 'Tis bread you see. " Presto, begone !" 'Tis now a deity. Two grains of dough, with cross, and stamp of priest, And five small words pronounced, make ip their Christ. To this they all full down, this all adore, And straight devour, what they adored before.— 'Tis this that does the astonished rout amuse, And reverence to shaven crown infuse, To see a silly, sinful mortal wight His maker make, create the Infinite. None boggles at tho impossibility ; Alas, 'tis wondrous heavenly mystery. 