NEW SOUTH WALES. OUR % Sydney files are to 29th inst an ult The Gazette notifies that "Her Majesty's assent to an act passed dur i tig the late session to legalise partnerships with limited liability has been received. Dr. Barker, the new metropolitan, arrived at Sydney on the 25th in the Telegraph from Melbourne. To a congratulatory ad in ess of the clergy, Dr. Barker returned the following reply : " M A' I'hdeiuon, uiyBrelhern of the Clergy, of the Laity's Thank you most cor dilly and so merely for the year a kind manner in which you have met and welcomed me upon my arrival unionist you. 4" The peculiar circumstances of his Diocese make me deeply anxious that I should be sustained in the liberalise Union of its affairs, by the prayers and united efforts of the members of our beloved Church, and I trust that He who has called me forth To this work, and has guided my steps safely hillier, I can truly say that as I came simply because I are sent, so my only desire is to promote the glory of God in the furtherance of the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. "The evils of which you speak as arising from the long vacancy of the Sea, since the death of my retreat and revered predecessor, I shall, under the divine blessing, endeavour to remove ; but I feel that I have much need to cast myself upon your kindness, your sympathy, and, above all, your prayers, that the spirit of wisdom, of love, and of a sound mind may be given to me. I am thankful to feel that I do not come amongst you as an entire stranger. With one of the clergy of this diocese I had the gratification of forming a friendship subsequently to my appointment ( and in a city connected with that great commercial emporium in which I laboured for many years, there will probably be some who have known my ministry and manner of life. I pray God that the anticipations you have formed concerning me may not be disappointed, and that I may be found by experience to be such as your desires and especial tons have imagined that I might be-a promo- ter of godly union and concord a preacher of the Word in truth and righteousness, and an example of the flock of God. " I thank you much, my brethren of the laity, for uniting with the clergy in the grateful assurance of your co-operation with me in the work which is before me. Humanly speaking, the success of my mission depends upon this union of feeling and assistance. Much needs to be done, and if with one heart and one mind we are striving together for the faith of the Gospel, under the divine blessing, much will be done. If each member of our Church, in his vocation and ministry," does in the words of the collect read to us, truly and godly serve our Heavenly Mister, we cannot fail to bring down a large blessing upon this most interesting and important portion of the world. " I take this opportunity of expressing my obliga- tions to the Venerable Archdeacon for his kindness in discharging the duties of the Bishop's Commissary, onerous as they must have been when added to his own, " I am not at present in position to make arrangements for seeing such of my brethren of the clergy as desire to consult me ; I hope speedily to be able to give to all of you the opportunity of speaking with me, and shall thankfully receive the suggestions which the long experience of some amongst you will enable you to make. In conclusion, I pray (hit my arrival is, nearly coincident with our Church's eelebntioiiof'the descent of the Holy Ghost OF UM day of Pentecost it may please the Great Head of the ChurchtdK quicken our prayers for the influence of the Holy Spirit, and to answer them by an abundance-., pouring of, His manifold gifts of grace,; that to M pastors and, people the choice blessings of an in" " crease of faith, hope, and charity may be richly ''j vouchsafed! a ^ »',»*,.» '' ;^V About five miles of the railway from Redfern to Long Cove Creek being nearly completed, the directors of the company resolved to " have a ride "t before handing over the works to the Government, which they expect to do next week. As it could not be called the opening of the line it was deter- jS' mined to invite no pa i lies to attend but > things Govemor-General, the Executive Council, craft The Railway Commissioners; and these gentlemen, a with the officers of the company, and Mr. Flood, ' ' M.L.C., who happened to be passing near the point of " embarkation " at the time and was in vited to join, formed the party. Considerable time wasting in examining the works, premises, and machinery at the Cleveland paddocks. Here an extensive and substantial stone machine shop, Bundalong wooden carriage shed have been erected, and the locomotives, and carriages are being; tilted,, up The engine, with a iii si-class eau age and a luggage van were on the line in the culling beyond ' ' Botany-street, and, although the intention to use the line had not been publicly announced, a large number of persons were assembled, who cheered lustily, us the first passenger carriage was J. started in New South Wales. The time occupied in the run to the top of the viaduct at Long ' ' Cove Creek, said to be four miles and-a-half, was eleven minutes. The bank at the Parramatta end of the viaduct not being completed l be engine could go no fat ther, and the party ,,. i slighted, and examined this splendid st mclure, which is the heaviest work on the line. It had been intended to go on to Parramatta, but the day was so excel din y unpleasant, that it was determined! to r need no fur herbal, a ter lunch, the train was pin ned found, and his Excellency and most of the early returned to Sydney. Several of those present had never seen a railway carriage, and the comfort and simple elegance of the interior quite ' took, them by t>uii'ii->e. 