SYDNEY SMYTH. Here is another bunch of Ion mots from the Memoirs of Sydney Smyth, culled by the ' Me tropolitan Gossipper' of the Liverpool Albion : — ' The Rev. pastor was as thorough a Cockney as Dr. Johnson, and delighted hi the great Babylon beyond all other places on earth. Thus, returning to the provinces from a metropolitan soinurn. ha writfis to .Tfiffrnv ; ' After a vartittn of one fortnight in London, I am undergoing that species of hibernation, or suspended vitality, calleda pleasant fortnight in the country. Ibehave myself quietly and decently, as become a corpse, and hope to regain the rational and immortal part of my composition about the 20th of this month.' — Another time he asks Jeffrey if he ? knows anybody who would go out as professor to a Russiau university ? about £800 per auuum, coals and candles gratis, and travelling expenses allowed if to Siberia.' — Again, he asks Jeffrey ?whether there is a man in Edinburgh whom you can recommend as an instructor of youth, in whose house a young Englishman could be safely deposited without peril of marrying a Scotch girl with, a fortune of Is. 6d. sterling ?' It must have been in behalf . of this individual that he f afterwards writes to Lady Holland, then in Spain, thus : ' He has been accustomed to live alone with his grandmother, which, though a highly moral life, is not an amusing one. There are two Scotch ladies here with whom we have got acquainted, and to whom he may safely make lovo the ensuing winter, for love though a very acute disorder in Andalusia, puts on a very chronic shape in these northern latitudes, for, first the lover must prove mcta fhezically that he ought to succeed ; and then in the fifth year of the courtship, or rather argument, if the Bummer is tolerably warm and oatmeal plenty, the fair one is won.' — He said he was ' no great physiognomist, nor had much confidence in a science which pretends to dis cover the inside from the out; but when I have Been fine eyes, a beautiful complexion, grace and symmetry in women, I have generally thought them amazingly well informed, and extremely philosophical. In contrary instances seldom or never. Is there any accounting for this?'— He does not say what sort of lady Miss Mark ham was; though according to the foregoing rule, she ought to be a veritable Minerva, Juno, and Venus rolled into one, for he records how, 'in carving a partridge, I splashed her with gravy from head to foot; and though I saw three distinct brown rills of animal juice trickling down' her cheek,! she had the complaisance to swear that not a drop had reached her ! Such circumstances are the triumphs of civilised life.' He said Horner was so extremely serious about the human race that ' I had to compose my face half a street off before I met him.' This was in 1808, at which time the valorous Syduey himself was exceedingly serious about the human race ; for, like all the Whigs, he believed in the invincibility of Napoleon, and the utter extermination of England at his hands. Thii3 writing to Dr. Reeve, then in Yisnna, he says, ? All these events in Germany have not astonished me. I allowed Bonaparte twenty* eight days to knock both armies dunes super caput (as the vulgar have it) to conclude peace, make a speech to the Senate and illuminate Paris. He is as rapid and terrible as the light ning of God. Would he were as transient ! Ah, my dear Doctor, you are of a profession which win enoure lor ever. no revolutions will put an end to Synochus and Synoche ; but what will become of the spoils we gather from the earth ? — those cocks of ripe farina, on which the holy bough is placed — the tithes.' But mark what he says two years afterwards, and how applica ble much of it is to certain individuals of our own day. Writing to Earl Grey, he remarks, ' Many people are now quite certain that Bona parte is an instrument, &c.; It turns out that the instrument has been baking biscuit very diligently at Bayonne for three months past, and, therefore, does not disdain the assistance of human means. We (who are probably not in struments) act as if we were. We send horses that cannot draw, commissaries that c&nnot; feed an army, generals who cannot command one. We take our enem out of a place where he ran do us no harm, and land him in the very spot where he can do us the greatest mischief. Wo are quite convinced that Providence has re solved upon our destruction because Lord Mul grave and Lord Oastlereagh have neither sense nor activity enough to secure our safety. ? ' This wa3 after Wellington had overthrown Junot and Kellerman at Yimiera, and had been voted the thanks of parliament in consequence. Subsequent still to that Sydney says, ' In all pro bability it is all over with Spain, and, if so, pro bably there is an end of Europe ; the rest will be a down hill struggle. I cannot help it, and so will be merry to the last. The very next letter, namely to Lady Holland, who is abroad, he says, ' Why do you not come home ? It has been all over this month. There has not been a man of sense for some weeks who has thought otherwise. Are you fond of funerals? Do you lovo to follow a nation to its grave? What else can vou see or do bv remaining abroad ? Linen drapers and shoemakers, perhaps, might save Spain, but in the hands of bishops and dukes it is infallibly gone.' Further on ho assumes that the British army must be wholly destroyed, and England involved in the general ruin. Nor does ? the useless splendor of Lord Wellington's vic tories' in the peninsula for a long time alter his opinion, for he looks upon them as mere needless impediments to the final catastrophe, which, nevertheless, he ultimately laughed at as he formerly did at those who doubted the certainty of that most undesired consummation. It was before this latter period, namely in 1809, he said ' It is reported that the measles and hoop ing cough have got amongst the new Adminis- 1 tration ; it is quite foolish to make such young people ministers.' Only faucy Palmerston being Tory Secretary-at-War at that very time, Lansdowne having ceased to be Whig Chancellor of the Exchequer some years; and these are our leading, our only, lights and guides now ! Though Sydney agreed in most matters with his brother Whigs, on one point he entirely differed from the great majority, namely, as to the Queen, in whose guilt he entirely believed, but that did not prevent his rejoicing over tue uiscommura vi uer enemy on me throne, and his satellites in Church and State. A prevailing article of faith with the Whigs seem to have been that the Waverly Novels were poor affairs, and in this Sydney seems to have heartily shared ; for he says of every new one that it is only a repetition of the last, that the characters are , re-produced, &c;, &c.; He was somewhat frightened, too, like Moore, at the condition of things at the period of the Reform Bill, but dilates on his dis tresses in his usual strain. ' I am tired of liberty and revolution. Where is it all to end ? Are all political agglutinations to be unglued ? Are we prepared for a second Heptarchy, and to see the King of Sussex fighting with the Emperor of Essex, or marrying the Dowager Queen of Hampshire ?' About this time (April, 1831), the emancipation of the Israelites was rather a fashionable idea, and Sydney humor ously writes Lady Grey, wife of the then Pre mier, ' I think the Jews should be kept for the I private tyranny and intolerance of the bishops. I Thirty thousand Jews 1 it is but a small matter. Do not be too hard on the Church !' — Writing j to Lady Holland he says, ' I met John Russell at Exeter. The people along the road very much disappointed at his smallness. I told them he was much larger before the bill was thrown out, but was reduced by excessive anxiety about the people. Tlii3 brought tears into their eyes.'— -When Sydney went to France,- he pronounced all the women to be ugly; and getting the English ambassador's box, and hearing ' Puritani' with Rubini and Grisi, Lablache and Tamburini, he declared the opera to be dreadfully tiresome, and hoped it should be the last he should ever witness. — Writing to Moncton Milnes, ho says, ' If you want to get a place for a relation, you must not delay it till he is born, but make application in utero, about the fifth or sixth month.' Lady Davy (wife of Sir Humphrey) asking him to dinner in July, he says, 'I am possessed by a legion of devils. Accustomed to a hot climate they are very active in warm weather.' — When a certain person wa3 sent as Governor of Canada, he said, if only common sense was required in such a functionary why not send an attorney at 6s 8d a-day ? — Con- doling with a lady about her son at Oxford, he said he knew that a University education meant the growth of vice and the waste of money. — [nviting another lady to a philosophical break fast, he says she .will find nothing taken for granted except the Thirty-nine Articles — every- thing called in question ; real philosophers. — He says to Mr3 Crowe, the ghost seer, that ' corre spondences are like small clothes before the invention of suspenders — it is impossible to keep them up.' ' 