JBUteic; jftne arte ; Wbt Drama. AT HOME AND ABROAD. Prince of Wales Theatre. — With,, the departure of the Wallers, we feel called upon to take a retrospect of the recent performances presented to the public ' of Sydney by these accomplished Artistes : — To them ami t _general, we find it a pleasure, as well as a duty, to render our best tnanKs tor the indefatigable exertions and perseverance displayed in the selection of Pieces — the getting up of the same, and the correct and experienced knowledge shewn in the various Casts of the Plays produced. However great, or othei- \- - - \- . -- _ wise, the histrionic ability of Mr. Waller, all well-wishers to our community will readily award to him that merit, he so well deserves, as an (flcyatqr .ahefopuxifier, of the /public taste — as exemplified in tho lugMyAiglJQdjictions, which for weeks past, have been '-Iflgli'fcTy' 'brought" before audiences, who by their silence and attention,, shew tlrciviScl ves capable of appreciating the mental and moral beauties ! of bur first-class Dramatists. As lovers of the Stage, and a'tfliiding it as perhaps the best institution for Civilizing a pebpia-y we feel specially called upon to make this public acknowledgement of thanks, due to Mr. and Mrs. Waller. We are not sure that the Drama of England is not on the decline.; . It would appear to have left the mother country, to live and flourish in these colonies — together with the States of the Americas — For- such a supposition, many reasons may be assigned, and ih»a future article and in another form, it will perhaps be worthy p£ our consideration. In -the mean time, let us congratulate ourselves on the healthy condition of the Australian StiigeO' TIaving witnessed all Mr. Waller's dramatic portraitures, wis find that we cannot class him as a great actor ; but . still he is of much value as a star of no mean magnitude, and one, brilliant with the light of intelligence ; and beneath whoso- influence, the classic mind may find study and satisfaction. We regard this gentleman as a study -made Actor — Such was Macready— -Such is Charles Kean. Intelligence may not produce immediate success — it works its way gradually, but surely. Mr. Waller now numbers his admirers by thousands, when before he could but count hundreds. If we cannot class this gentleman as a great actor, we are not satisfied that we should not consider Mrs. Waller, a great actress. Lacking the dreamy-poetry, the deep sentiment, and the earnest passion of Rachel, Mrs. Waller will still rank among pur best actresses ; and her Ophelia appears to be rather an intense and painful reality, than a momentary or passing fiction of the mimic hour. It is an ideal embodiment, which lives long after the curtain falls upon the splendid Tragedy of Hamlet. We feel, even as we now indite these lines, that it still haunts us. Good acting makes the spectator forget the actress, in the character she assumes. It was not Mrs. Waller we saw before us — it was Shakcspore's hapless, poor Ophelia. We think much of Mr. Waller's Hamlet. It will, with his Evelyn live on any Stage. This great Tragedy, as witnessed by us on Monday evening, was well cast, and while we pass criticism upon the principal characters, let us do justice, to the subordinate ones. To Mr. Graham as Claudius, praise is due. Also to Mr. Russell, for the insipid part, Horatio. Polonim, entrusted to Mr. Milne, was uneven in the early scenes, but an admirable performance as a whole: and to be commended as being free from that buffoonery which soine actors are wont to throw into this important part. MftyF. Howson as the First Oravc-Diygcr, was ( doffing the waistcoat absurdity) legitimate. Tuthill threw an energy into Ascanius. and we have not seen this character performed so well; during a long career of theatrical experience. Mr. Griffiths' was solemn, as we suppose a Ghost ought to be. The several, parts given to Messrs. Hammond, Stewart, and Martin, were entrusted with gentle men who evidently understood the language they uttered. The Gertrude of Mrs. Brougham, was a dignified, but not a careful performance. The Player Queen as rendered by Miss Warde, was presented to her audience, as is everything personated by this youthful actress, with good taste and intelligence. Mr. Waller has leased the QueerfS Theatre, Melbourne, and his departure from hence, with his talented spouse, will be for the purpose of commencing a Managerial career. As an actor he has been eminently successful, '-need we add our wishes that he may be equally so in a new drmjdtic phase. Royal Victoria Theatre— Dmiug: the. present week, the performances at this Theatre have bt%i most creditable to all concerned. It is with much pleasure we,hffve to record the re- engagement of that charming andtdl«:tedaetress,.Mrs. Charles Poole, who by her varied represebfetiwis during the past fortnight, has given the supporters of |op)$ftna hero; an, un usual treat. This week, a Play b>lKC«i-: Author of ; Tbe Patrician's Daughter, entitled « athmore, has been most, successfully produced, and gave us agtyfi- an opportunity "of witnessing this lady in a character we; mast congratulate her on. The concentration of power and depth, of feeling displayed throughout, were perfect : it would be almost impossible1 to realize a more artistic portraiture jfchaii this .Ladyilffoids: in Kathrine Lorn. We desire to place Mr. Rayner in this Piece, as one of his happiest efforts, and which has fully convinced us the Drama is represented at the Victoria Theatre, at the present . time, by one of the most talented and powerful Companies in the Colonies, or out -of England and must meet with corresponding reward to the spirited lessee. The performances of the orchestra have been during the past week truly creditable, the displays have bobri ' distinguished by selections from favorite Operas-ERNAKfl Sonnambula, Lucrezia Borgia, Nino, &c.; Solos by Saxe Tuba Clarionet, Cornet, &c; We desire' to close this brief notice with thanks to the Manager, for his unceasing exertions and liberality in every department of the Theatre, and which has been so fully developed in the play of Strathmore. G. V. Brooke.— The eminent tragedian, G'ustavus Brooke, has signified his intention to leave: Melbourne this day, Saturday, May 6th, and will, it is expacted, arrive here on or about Tuesday evening, per City of Sydney. Mr. Brooke is a native of Ireland, and we understand it is contemplated. by a number of influential citizens, countrymen of Mr. Brooke's to. get up a demonstration on the occasion. Mr. Winterbottom has composed a serenade in honour of the event. Orders have been given for the construction of an appropriate Triumphal Arch, through which he will pass. — ' Csed mille Failthe," say we. . ! : THE NELSON FAMILY.— On Tuesday the Messrs. Nelsons had their benefit at the Victoria Theatre, and we were happy to perceive a crowded house on the occasion. The programme commenced with the SERIOUS FAMILY, which was excellent performed by Messrs. Craven, and Stevens, Mrs. Poole, Mrs. Lambert, &c.;, &c.;, a Concert followed, in which there were sung some very beautiful quartettes, arias, and songs, amongst which we must particularly mention " Auld Robin Gray" by Miss Nelson, " Mother he is Going Away," by Miss C. Nelson. " The Flag that brav'd a Thousand Years, the Battle and the Breeze," by Mr. S. Nelson, (the composer' of this excellent composition) "Simon the Cellerer," by Mr. A Nelson, and "Blame me Mother" by Mrs. Craven, whom our readers are awaie was formerly a Miss Nelson. The comic duett — " Mr. and Mrs. Bell," by Mr. S. Nelson, and Miss Nelson, all of which were rapturously encored. The novelty of the evening, however, was the new Vaudeville, Romance and Reality, which was gone through witix grnat ability/ by, the Nelsons — who by their amusing capaMlith# elicited roars of laughter. In this piece Miss Nelson p:ir;.ieuiay4ydistinguished herself in the character she assumed.- the .Romantic Lady. The acting of Miss C. Nelson, as the arch Chamber Maid with I her dictionary in her pocket was rich indeed, as was also Mr, A. Nelson, as John Dobson, in fact the whole performance went " off most creditably to all concerned. At the conclusion the Nelson Family were vociferously called for before the curtain, and we have now to regret, in common with all, that the stay of the above talented company has been so limited, and that they are about leaving us. The Argyle Rooms. — This place of amusement, which has recently been opened, bids fair to become a favourite place of ' resort. The decorations are neat and tasteful, and the Dancing Saloon well ventilated ; the arrangements appear to be conducted with care, and the orchestra is composed of part of the band of the 11th regiment. The Detective Force. — The other Evening a man calling himself Christian Hanson, a German we believe, went into the dancing saloon of the Argyle Rooms in King-street, and called for some refreshment, which was handed to him by the . unsuspecting proprietor, in the shape of a glass of sherry wine. It subsequently turned out. that this German Christian was a member of what is styled the "Detective Force," and consequently he called for this glass of wine for the mere purpose of entrapping the unwary dancingmastcr, who having been but a few weeks in the colony, was under the impression that he might supply refreshments to his visitors, provided he ' himself procured them from a licensed victualler which in this instance he states lie did. The case came on for hearing on Wednesday before the Police Bench,, when the defendant was fined £30 with 5s. cost. For our: ' own part we think this "detective" system is a crying evil, and ought not to be tolerated, in a community of free Englishmen. We b6lieve that all sorts of vagabonds, are employed in this force. We don't think an honest man would . join it. They are nothing hut spies, and common informers, dressed out in the garb of geutlemon ; and now, to crown all, we find that German mercenaries, against the employment of which, England is, at the present time, so loudly protesting, . arc engaged as members of the Sydney Detective Force !— Well so be it, — Englishmen, proverbial as they are for patience and lpng sulfering, may be tired out at last, and induced to throw off the- tyranny under which they have long groaned. ' Reoeipts of 'Gold.— The. Western and Southern Escorts delivered yesterday at the Colonial Treasury the following . quantities of gold : — Western— from Batlnirst, 240ozs., 17 dwts. ; Sofula, 634 ozs. 10 dwts.; Tarn baroora, 200 ozs. : Avisford,140ozs. . 10 dwts; Louisa Creek, '30 ozs. 4 dwts.-;. Mudgee, 231 ozs. 12 dwts. 12 grs. Total from the Western Gold Fields. 1477 ozs. V 13 dwts. 12 grs. Southern— from Braid wood, 615 ozs. 11 dwts. 6 grs. ; Major's Creek, 210 ozs, 12 grs.. . Total from the South, 832' ozs. 3 dwts. 6 grs. - Total amount received by both escorts, . 2309 ozs. 16 dwts. 18 grs. The price of gold continues firm in Sydney, with every promise of an upward tendency. It is / estimated that at least 5000 ounces of gold dust have been brought down during the week. Licensing Meeting.— Friday.— The following magistrates were on the Bench — Mr. George Allen (chairman), Messrs. George Thornton, George Hill, R. ' Hill, D. Jones, Captain Mofiarty, Major Lockyer and Captain Wingate. Beneath is - an account of the business of the day. — Thomas Cardwell, Red; Bull, Parramfttta- street ; the consideration of this applica tion was postponed till the last day of the session Robert 1 West, Sugar loaf, .Mount Pleasant, near Canterbury. Postponed till the last day, for inspection. William Ryan, Railway Inn, Liverpool Road, postponed till Friday 11th May. Jalnes Chambers, Redfern Inn, Redfem — Grunted ; no objection was filed in this case. Thomas Redgrave, Fig Tree Cottage, North' Shore. — Refused. Matthew Lynch, Old Ship Inn, Clarence- street. — Granted. Mr. Roberts made -.applications for a re hearing of1 the . cases t.pf MLGpugh of .. the . Tqycrn,, and 1 Both were refused. The' Bbncn «!; jmedi till Friday next at 111 o'clock. ' \ vi : Fire. — A hre" broke out about half-past one o'clock on Thursday, at the house of a gqntfpman named Barton, in Cumberland-street. The alafhi., given by a 'fiteriian' named Boucher ; atid the fifc$ brigad/qftder Mr. BpvM'hststehed to the spot, and by tlieir exertions,; abljfcassisted by- Mr. Barton, the fiamjps were extinguished. It' appears that the accident Priginated in a foul chimney. - , , . Narrow Escape. — On Thursday "piGming a horse; and belonging to Mr. 'Richards, of Sussextreet, were proceeding down Bajthurst'Street, When the horse; became restive at the sound of the' music of a Germafi/ bg,nd, playing in the road, . the driver of the cart called out. tqrfhp band to desist, but no attention being paid/to his request/ the horse took fright, and , ran off.; fortunately before any serious accident occurred its career was stopped at the bottom of rBathurst- cart wheel coming into contact ithia; lamp-post, which was' bent by the collision. A learned member of the Legislative Council was heard -to exclaim the other day, on hearing /of the death of the Queen of Sardinia— " Deuce take it— I wonder if it will injure the sale of Sardines ! " ' Dupe-licity — The celebrated Charles Nickson whose supe rior method of taking persons in, who require active service, is worthy a hero of romance, was brought up by Habeas Corpus yesterday at the Police Office, charged with- having extracted £10 from the pocket of one John Ryan under the following circumstances, as detailed by the sufferer. " My attention was attracted by an advertisement in the Herald newspaper, of a gentleman wanting a clerk, I sent a letter to the address No. 20, Elizabeth street; it was answered, I called there and had an interview with Mr. Charles Nickson ; there he stands in the dock with his beard on He engage, me as clerk and collector at £5 per week ; hours from 10 o'clock till 4. He wished me to deposit £50 with him as security I said it was too much ; he then dropped to £20, but I still/objected, and ultimately gave him £10. He told me that T should not be wanted till the following Tuesday, and he would then have the documents ready for me to guarantee to serve him, and- that I must then make up the £50 security. He gave me his address in Bourke- street ; when I called there he was gone." Mr. Nichols, who appeared for Nickson, declined to ask any questions. The case was adjourned till to-day for the. evidence of Mr. J. H. Nixon, whose office is at No. 20, Elizabeth-street.. Ste aling from an Auction —Firman Cook was on Thursday charged with stealing a brace of pistols, Mr. .Alexander' Moore, deposed that on Wednesday afteiju>bn, frqm- information he received he followed the prisoiioP arnf found him with a case/ of pistols under his arm, which h;id previously been put up and sold for 48s., fie gave him into the- custody of constable Tilsen. Prisoner when taken in to. cfistody;. offered: to pay for 5 them. He offered no defencen_,was- cojninittcd for trial. I Bail being allowed; ' ;.T 