DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. Tub Skcket is Out.— The following is from the Melbourne correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald, who is evidently behind the scenes : — ' One cause of the reaction of feeling fowards the Governor is the stupid malignity displayed towards hiin by one or two of the newspapers. One of them recently advised the jury not to convict the Ballarat pri soners, and I hear that the subscribers were so di»-» gusted at this, that about one hundred of them had actually agreed to stop the paper, iu batches of twenty-five per week. I have not heard whether mis lias been carried into eflect, but possibly their wrath was stayed by the dismissul of tlie editor.' ? Sold again, -Buggins 1 . At last— a.v Idea! — The Argus of Saturday, has' an article actually recommending. a definite land scheme! For two years it has cried 'Unlock the lands,' but has never even tried to show how. This has not been for want of brains in the editorial corps, but through sheer ignorance of political principles on the part of the editor. This announcement of a land policy is significant, lis it is confidentially' known that the Governor has also a new land scheme in contemplation ; and from what we know of it, we believe it to be identical with that Shadowed forth iu the Argus. The scheme is to lease land for agricul tural purposes — the very scheme for which the Age has contended. For this reason, it is not likely that ? iu would bavc taken it up, had it not received the hint from Government House. .A few weeks ago, some ono was enquiring about the opinions of the Argus, ' The opinion of tho Argus'!' said another ' Oh, the opinion of the Argus is in Sydney I' Where is the opinion of the Mrgus now ? The opinion of the Argus is at Toorak ! A Haud Case. — A letter appeared in our columns on Thursday, signed by the occupants of that group of tents near the Supreme Court, complaining of the summary manner in which they were threatened with ejectment. As far as we can learn, we find that the proper legal course has not been followed. Yesterday a number of constables came upon the ground, and pulled to pieces one of the tents, contemptuously refusing to show any warrant for their proceedings. We have referred to the Building Act, and we find that a magistrate's warrant must be obtained before the removal of any building deemed a nuisance can be attempted. The occupants of the ground are na,t,l?r.ally. niuch exasperated, and we apprehend a collision if more pacific and less summary means are not adopted. . Weekly Gaol Returns. — Februaxy l-6. Number of prisoners at this date in gaol, 125 ; ; of these, 1 are temales. Jhey are thus classified :—£emaimng for trial, .41; under sentence, 58; detained, 23. There nave been recoivsd, during tha week, 51, nnd dis charged' S7. ' » . . CoLLtNowooD Yosnq -Mhw's- Association.— This society; met- as usual lost Thursday evening, at the independent Chap?!. Oxford-street,' Colnagf^ecdV: About 120 persons were present. In the absence of the Rev. President, who has resigned his office, Mr. Pliipson was called to the. chair, Mr. Hills read a paper 011 ' The Will of God concerning the temporal circumstances' of War.' The subject was well handled and an animated discussion afterwards took place, conducted .with -that feeling of gravity ' that the subject demanded, the associates, Messrs.' Tem pleton, Phipsoii, Sherrar, Elliott, ' Shaw, Furnace and Baines taking part in the debate— the principal argument being that although the Creator permitted certain events daily to befal men; he did not ordain them. On the other hand it was contended that if the Deity did foresee what there would occur at all future periods of time (and if he did not His attri butes of omniscience would be destroyed), then how could man prevent their occurence? This brought the associates into the labyrinths of predestination and the free will of men, and there we left them. Under the new rules passed by. a Committee, this Society has now been placed on a different basis. No ordeal test or subscription to fixed articles of belief arrest the candidate seeking admission; a good moral character nnd orderly behaviour, aud a quarterly subscription of 7s (id are now the only qualifications of membership. Auiufkrous QtLUvrz. — A number of splendid speci mens of gold in quartz from the claim at Tambaroora, known as Wythe's quartz claim, but now the property of a few gentlemen of Bathurst and Sydney, have excited considerable astonishment amongst the curi ous by their richness and beauty. The proprietors of the claim, we understand, purpose throwing it open lo a company so soon as the necessary arrangements can be made, and tho specimens, which were obtained about eight feet from the surface, are intonded as a sample of the sort of stuff which appears to turn up in abundance. A number of men are now at work upon the vein, and so soon as sufficient has been produced to warrant the issue of a prospectus, this first step towards the formation of a company will be taken. False Charge.— At the City Police Court ou Satur day, J ohn Bradick was charged with obtaining money under false pretences. Mr. Hogau defended, and proved that the prosecutor had commenced civil pro ceedings in the County Court. The Bench therefore dismissed the charge, and warned the prosecutor of being more cautious iu future. Busii-KAxans-a at St. ICtlda Beacii.— On Monday night last, a tent, known as Uncle Tom's Cabin, was ' stuck. up' in the . absence of the owner, who was out fishing. Fortunately his wife had presence of mind (though left alone) to rise from her bed, and demand the business of the intruder, who made off with a York ham and a side of bacon, the latter of which he dro'pt at the tent door, which he took off its hinges. The tent is situate between St. Kilda and Melbourne, and in the vicinity of two police-stations. As the owners are noted for thoir hospitality to strangers and passers-by, we should havo been glad to have heard of the capture of tlie thief. Temperance and General Debating Society.— The usual weekly meeting of this society was held at the Hall, Russoll street, on Monday evening last, the president of the society, Mr. Edwards, in the chair. The following subject was set down for debate : "Is phrenology a true science, if so, what advantages would it confer upon the community if rightly under- derstood,?" Mr. Cox introduced the subject in the affirmative. He affirmed it was a true science. The mind did not act independently of the body. There must be a connecting link between them. The brain was the connecting link. This could be proved from most undoubted facts. A man's character de- pended upon the form of his brain, and could be defined by examining the head. The advantages to be derived from the study were very great. Every parent and schoolmaster should be acquainted with it. It might be beneficially applied to prison and lunatic asylum discipline. Mr. Cathie followed the introducer, and coincided in a good deal that Mr. Cox had said. The brain was the organ of the mind. He was well acquainted with the subject and knew no other so well calculated, if rightly understood, to benefit the human race. Mr. Andrew Robertson agreed with the introducer ; he also believed in physiognomy. Mr. J. P. Stevens agreed with the introducer, that phrenology was a true science—con- sisted of size, form, weight, and color. A man must not be judged by the size of his head. There was a difference in the quality of the brain. The brain did exist independent of the mind. The science might be advantageously applied in the training of boys. Mr. Millie also approved of the science, but doubted some of the deductions drawn from it. The adjournment of the subject having been moved and seconded, was put to the meeting and lost, when the chairman called upon Mr. Cox to reply. He replied to the various speeches made, and combated some of Mr. Stevens' positions. He thought Government might advantageously study the science. Circum stances, he thought, had also much to do with a man's character. The following subject was set down this night's debate : "Would the condition of the colonists of Victoria be improved , by a change in the Government?" to be introduced by the secre- tary of the society, Mr. Goode. Art Among toe Duapeks — For some time past there has been an increasing source of attraction for the lounger at shop windows, in the shape of well executed lithographs and engravings upon the lids of boxos containing drapery goods. These are not mere daubs, made up of paint aud tinsel ; they are genuine works of art, and admiration at their beauty Is often united with regret that they should be fated to so brief an existence as the circumstances of their use must olten lead to. It is a pleasing evidence of the increasing admiration for the beautiful, and a grati fying proof of the great improvement that taste has undergone of late yeais as regards such matters. 1 he legitimate, print-shops may be reasonably appre hensive of rivalry from their brother tradesmen the drapers, and it is pretty certain that thesa last must have derived considerable advantage from the im petus given to the sale of articles contained in the. cases so decorated. It would be an interesting source of inquiry to the statician to ascertain the cost of the production ot these elegant ornaments and the amount of labour they employ ; and when it is considered that they are not supposed to add much, if anVthing, to the price of the articles contained, the results of such inquiry would be found ; to possess additional interest. -? . 'Always iieady always safe.'— The other even ing a somewhat amusing circuinstauce occurred on the occasion of a dinner of the united members of some of the fire brigades of this city. While they were enjoying themselves with , the good cheer pro vided by Mr. Smith, the landlord of the Exchange Hotel, where the dinner was .heldj and when hilarity and good fellowship were at their height, suddenly the lire bell rang ! The dispersion of the guests at the table of Macbeth, when the ghost of Banquo has 'frightened the host from his propriety,' is but a faint resemblance Of the rapid exodus of the com pany. It was worthy the pencil of a Salvator Rosa to depict the effect of this alarm. The half lifted goblet was dropped as if the; holder were lightening struck, the toast just issuing from the lips dicd.upon the tougne, the merry laugh gave place to attentive silence, and iu a very few minutes the revellers wove on tlieir way to the scene of, destruction, and the room was empty. It, is gratifying to find these con servators of public property so ready at their posts, and we think their alacrity offers a' good example to our somewhat tardy ' powers that be,' who are com monly.too late to bo of much service. Refusing to Obey the Market Inspector.— Edward Edsell, a market gardener of Brighton, was brought up at the City- Police Court on Saturday, charged by the: Inspector of Markets with refuging to-move his horse. and cart when ordered to, do so. Mr. Read defended, and proved that it was moved before the prisoner was taken into custody. The Bench said that the Inspector must be protected, or no order'could be maintained, and'fitied the prisoner the mitigated penalty of 10s. Mr. Read then drew 1 ho attention of the Bench lo the order of the Cor poration, f-equiring the manure at the depot to be burut, and thus preventing the market gardeners taking it away. He also referred to the custom of charging tolls for, conveyances taking away manure. A BROTHEL-KEEPER. — At the City Police Court on Saturday, Attacar Yon Mollendoff, was brought up charged by Patrick McGrath, of the Leinster Arms, Stephen Street, with keeping a brothel. Susan White was also charged with using obscene language. The prosecutor stated that between ten and eleven o'clock on Friday night, the woman was in his house making use of very bad language. He told her if she did not go away, she would find herself where she would not like. She replied, that she was quite used to that, and that she did not care about it She eventually went away, but returned again with the male prisoner, when they used very threatening language towards the prosecutor. He then gave the female prisoner into custody, on a charge of using obscene language, and the male prisoner on a charge of harbouring bad characters, and keeping a brothel. Mr. H. Stephens defended, and contended that the charge had been preferred through an ill-feeling that exists on the part of the prosecutor. He elicited that the prisoner kept a confectioner's shop only three doors from the prosecutor's house, and inferred that a jealousy existed, respecting the trade of the two houses. He called detective Rendell to prove the good character of the prisoner's house. But on putting the question to Rendell, he declared that it was a common brothel, which raised a burst of laugh- ter the court. He was sentenced to one month's hard labour. Susan White was find £5., or in default. - - fourteen days' imprisonment. STICKING-UP.— John Mark Quinn was brought up at the City Police Court, on Saturday, charged by J. S. Heming with an attempt at highway robbery. The prosecutor stated that he kept an oil and colour shop in Gertrude street, Collingwood. On Friday morn- iug, about half-past eight o'clock, he was coming to town to pay a bill of .£70. The prisoner calletl.aft;er . huh, and caught hold of his horse's head, and threw some stones at him, in order to make him give up his money. He managed eventually to clear his .horse, ? ? ^ a.ud.got away. . On the prisoner fieiug asked whether ' , lie had any questions to put ; to the prosecutor. ? h'a asked, amid the laughter of the Court, whether the prosecutor had- ever 'learned that lie ought not to bear false witness against his neighbour '! He would call Captaiu McMahon, to prove that he was in the ; Parade Family Hotel, at a quarter past eight, writing l; a letter. The Mayor asked him, 'whether he had not been before him previously. He said that he had been-three years ago, when His Worship advised him to lead ail honest life, he had followed that advice,' and had ceased to do evil, and learned to do well. He afterwards allowed that he: threw a stone at prosecu tor, but urged that it was in self defence. The bench considered that he was of an unsound msnd, and sen- ' ' tenced him to a month's hard labour. 