SUSPECTED MURDER BY POISONING IN WALES. On Thursday, a young woman named Dorothy Williams was committed to Carnarvon gaol to take her trial on a charge of having murdered her father by administering poison to him. Her committal resulted from a verdict of wilful murder found against her at an inquest held by adjournment, before Mr. E. G. Powell, coroner, at the village of Ebenezer, situate in a populous district near the Llanberis Slate Works. The deceased, Richard Williams, it appears was a labourer, about 50 years of age, and resided at a place called Bryngwyn, upon the mountain between Llanddeiniolen and Llande^ai, in one of the most wild and dreary spots that could well be selected on the hills of Wales. The deceased's family at one time consisted of his wife, a daughter, and two sons, but about five months ago the mother died. From all that has transpired, it seems that the family lived together on very unhappy terms, and there does not appear to have been much, if any, social intercourse with neighbours. The mother was looked upon as a person skilled in charms and enchantments. Certain suspicions were awakened at the time of her death, although no tangible cause of inquiry presented itself. Several days before his death, Richard Williams complained of a gnawing pain in his bowels, and on Friday, the 11th instant, he became seriously ill. The symptoms were, according to Dorothy Williams, his daughter, great shivering, followed by vomiting and purging. She gave him some bread and milk, and treacle posset with camomile flowers, all of which he vomited. He continued getting worse until the following Saturday morning, when he ceased to exist. The only parties in the house during this time, were the daughter and two sons-the daughter being the eldest, and having charge of the household affairs. The deceased was in penury, being always in a weakly state of health and precluded from working his full time at the quarry. The two boys, likewise, employed at the quarry, earned together about twelve shillings per week. As soon as the circumstances attendant on the death of the deceased were known, foul play was surmised, and suspicion directed against the daughter. The affair having been brought under the notice of the coroner, an investigation was commenced, and was adjourned to Thursday last, in order that a post-mortem examination of the body, and a chemical analysis of the contents of the stomach and intestines might be made. The stomach and small intestines were forwarded to Dr. Muspratt, F. R. S., of Liverpool, and the result of his analysis was the detection of arsenic, in sufficient quantity to produce death. The quantity of the poison he obtained from the stomach amounted to seven or eight grains. The appearance disclosed by the post-mortem examination also led to the conclusion that the death had been caused by poison, and Mr. Watkin William Roberts, surgeon, of Carnarvon, who made the inspection, expressed his decided opinion, after hearing the evidence of Dr. Muspratt, that the arsenic found in the stomach and intestines had produced death. There was no evidence, or even indication, that the man had administered the poison himself, and as there were only three persons about him when he died, the jury had to decide whether, upon the whole of the facts laid before them, there was sufficient to fix the guilt of parricide upon any one of the three. They consulted half an hour, and then returned a verdict of "wilful murder against Dorothy Williams." She strongly protested that she was innocent. A very remarkable document was produced at the inquest. It was an oblong piece of parchment, covered on one side with writing. Some of the characters were of hieroglyphic description, others were ordinary letters, jumbled together, and forming no words. whatever; whilst here and there could be detected the words " marw," Holy Ghost," angel," and a few more. This appears to have been procured by the deceased as a charm from some professor of witchcraft at Bangor. The object of it was this A sum of money had been advanced by persons in the district on security of some land occupied by deceased. These persons pressed for payment, and threatened to obtain possession. The deceased then got the instrument above described for the purpose of preventing them from having the land or the money due to them. This explana- tion was volunteered by Dorothy Williams. Liverpool Mercury. 