THE EMPRESS OF THE FRENCH. (From the Morning Chronicle, 23rd April.) Among* the many romantic incidents that have marked the life of the Emperor Napoleon III, not the least extraordinary was his mar- riage with the beautiful and accomplished lady lately the guest of the Queen. The course he took in this respect was distinguished by the same boldness, self-reliance, and originality, that have characterised the chief events of his career. In his address to the senate and legis- lative body announcing the choice be had made, he sketched in a few masterly strokes his mo- tives and inducements " I have preferred," he said, " the woman whom I love, and whom I respect, to one who is unknown, and whose alliance would have had advantages mixed with sacrifices." In taking this course the Em- peror, at least, avoided the rock on which his uncle wrecked his fortunes ; and, although there were not »anting enemies who censured him for not having married the daughter of some soldier purely French in origin, the mass of the people recognised in this abandonment of the customary royal alliance a new tie bind- ing them to their ruler. The Empress Eugenie, in all respects but her not being of some reigning royal house, is in every way fit to fill the place she occupies "She who has been the object of my prefer- ence," says the Emperor, on the occasion already referred to, " is of distinguished birth. French in heart, by education, by the recol- lection of the blood, shed by her father in the cause of the Empire, she has, as a Spaniard, the advantage of not having in France a family lo whom it might be necessary to give honours and fortune " In respect of her origin and ancestry, indeed, the Empress Eugenie may claim to take rank with the proudest and noblest of Europe. Her great- grandfather, on her mother's side, was Mr. Kirkpatrick, of Conheuth, in Dumfriesshire, a gentleman of large landed property. His »on, Mr. William Kirkpatrick, went to Malaga, as . British Consul, and there married the daughter of Baron Grevenne. His eldest daughter, Maria, married the Count de Montijo, and of this marriagf» the Empress was born. The Kirkpatrick family is of great antiquity in Scotland, and various members of it figure in the bloody records of that kingdom. It is, however, on the father's side that the ancestry of the Empress are the most illustrious As Countess d _Spain, and belongs to the ancient and illus- trious house of Guzman, which dates from the very foundation of the Spanish monarchy. Among her ancestors was the famous Alonzo Perez de Guzman, surnamed " El Bunco," who, in 1295, so heroically defended Tarifa against the Moors. They had taken prisoner his son, and threatened to kill him before his father's eyes, unless he yielded. From the ramparts he saw them preparing to execute their threat, while his son supphcateJ with extended arms. " Never," exclaimed Guzman, " will I surren- der the city confided to my charge Let my son die, but my honour must remain unsullied " Throwing them a sword, he cried to them, " Use it, if you dare !" In a few moments the head of his son rattled on the ground, and at the cry of horror raised by the soldiers, he said, on being told that his child wa* dead, " What ! is it only that P I thought the enemy must be giving the assault !" The family ever after- wards adopted the motto, " My King is wortli more than my blood." The Empress also counts among her ances- tors thf» celebrated Gonsalvo de Cordova, the greatest captain of his age ; as also Antonio de Leva, the greatest general of the Empena- charles V. One of the female ancestors was Louisa Francesca de Guzman, the wife of the Duke of Braganza, afterwards King of Portu- gal ; and the blood royal of Spain also flows in her veins She has certain ultimate claims to the Spanish crown ; in this respect, standing next to the Duke of Medina- Coela, who regu- larly, at each coronation in Spain, makes a formal protest against the usurpation of his rights. The father of the Empress, the Count de Montijo, embraced the cause of Napoleon when he entered Spain. He was an officer in the French army, and distinguished himself at the battle of Salamanca. Later, he was made a member of the Senate of Spain, being grandee of Spain in right of no fewer than six titles. He died in 1839. The Empress was bom at Granada in 1827. She was partly educated in England-at Bris- tol, we believe-and resided, during her infancy and youth, alternately at Madrid, London, and Paris. Here it was that her beauty and ac- complishments, which made her the ornament of every circle she frequented, attracted the attention of the Emperor, who at once saw in her his future bride. The splendour of a throne wore less the attraction for Mdlle. de Montijo than the admiration she had conceived for the Emperor's character. On both sides the mar- riage was one of affection. Of the ceremonial that attended it we gave at the time the most ample detnils Since she has occupied the throne, the Empress Eugenie has gradually conciliated the respect and love of the French people. Her beauty, her unaffected cheerful- ness of disposition, and, above all, her many virtues, endear her to the nation. Her char- ity and benevolence are already the theme of universal praise, and long before her elevation she had given proofs of an extraordinary kindness of heart. On one occasion, passing at the moment when a poor workman fell from a scaffold, she stopped her carriage, alighted, and herself rushed to succour him. Hundreds of such ancedotes pass from mouth to mouth in Paris, while her larger and more public char- ities offer an example to the French ladies, which they are not slow to follow. TRAGICAL OCCURRENCE IN LONDON.-On Saturday, an unusual degree of excitement was caused in the vicinity of the Marylebone Police court, owing to a report that a man named Herring had mada a determined attempt to put a period to his own existence, as also to that of a femiila with whom he lived as his wife, at No. 42, Beaumont-street, High-street, Mary lebone. Herring, who describes himself as a solicitor, has lived with the woman, whose name is Emily Mitchell, many years, and they were both found with their throats cut. Ata lute period of (he day, the accused, who gave the name of Philip Herring al the poltce-st.i tion, Marylebone-lane, was brought up to the court and placed at the bar, before Mr. Long, the sitting Magistrate, on the charge of having cut and wonuded the woman Mitchell, with in- tent to murder her, and who was in court. The prisoner, who is a tall man, and was very respectxbly attired, had his neck bound round with a handkerchief, and the woman's throat was also hound up Each seemed to he in a weak condition. Upon the male prisoner being placed at the bar, the first witness called was Police-constable Schoilatt, 54 D, who sUted that on the same morning, between eight and nine o'clock, he wasc.illed to the house of Mrs. Wilson, No.4'2, Beaumont-street, hy the maid- servant. He proceeded to the house, when, on going to the second floor landing, he saw Mr. Gayleard, the surgeon, dressing the wound in the throat of the female He asked her how it was caused, when she accused the prisoner of having cut her throat with a razor. The pri- soner was present, and he alleged that she had cut his throat. Witness waited till the surgeon had dressed the wounds of each of them He then searched the bedroom, in which he found a case containing four razors, upon the blade of one of which he observed spots of blood. The prisoner and the female were taken to the station-home of the D division in Marylebone lane, where, on the prisoner being searched, witness found in his possession £135 in notes, £3 10s. in gold, and £1 18s. lOd. in silver. At tlie station, the female was very much ex- cited, and she declared that the whole of the money was hers. She used her utmost endea- vours to get possession of the property, and she refused to^ prefer any charge against the pri- soner. Witness, however, under all the cir- cumstances which had come to his knowledge, on his own responsibility felt bound to make the charge against the prisoner, ol' which he had been accused by the female, notwithstanding the reluctance she showed to proceed any further in the matter. The witness further stated that when he saw the prisoner and the female on the landing, he observed that their dresses had on them a large quantity of blood. -Mrs. Wilson, landlady of the house No 42. Beaumont-street, said that the prisoner and the woman Mitchell came to lodge with her about two months ago. She believed at the time they were man and wife. They were fre- quently quarrelling. Witness corroborated a portion of the ofiker's statement as to finding both parties bleeding on the landina -A little girl, aged nine years, living in the house with her aunt, said that she saw the prisoner and Emily Mitchell on the landing. They were dressed in their night clothes, which were coverad with blood. She saw the prisoner's arm round the fe nale's neck, and her hand in his ; but she did not see her make use of any razor -Mr. John Gay leard, a surgeon, deposed that when he was called in he found the pri- soner Herring upon the second landing. He was partly dressed, and was bleeding from a wound in the right side of the throat. The female,wlio was in her night dress, had a wound in her throat also. In each the wounds wer* gaping. They were about three inches in length. He sewed them up, and afforded all the assistance their cases required. Each accused the other of inflicting the injuries. He did not look upon the wounds as being of a serious character. He hüd no doubt they would recover, with care.-The prisoner's an- swer to the charge was that the woman with whom he had been living had long been af- fected in her mind, and that in a state of excitement she got out of bed and possessed herself of his case of razors. He was in the act of rising from his bed when she drew a razor across his throat, and then ran io a cor- ner of the room, where she drew the razor across her own throat. Some other particulars were then gone into, and the prisoner called a witness to show that on the previous day the .fern ile being required to sign some document with respect to property, exhibited a derange- ment of intellect. She walked to and fro in the room for about two hours, and was evidently labouring under a temporary aberration of mind -Emily Mitchell, upon being asked if she had any statement to make, said that she had no charge to prefer against the prisoner. -Mr. Long said that under all the circum- stances he felt bound to discharge the prisoner ; but it was necesary that an enquiry should be instituted as to the female's state of mind. The case being concluded, Mr Herring and Emily Mitchell left the court together. Morning Post. RUSSIAN STOCKS.—It has for some time puzzled the uninitiated to account for the daily quotations of the Russian Five per Cents in our stock market so nearly at par. There are surely no buyers for these securitier? Yes, there is one, and that solves the mystery. A certain firm in London is commissioned by the Russian government to buy a few thousands of Russian Five per Cents from time to time in our market. A fancy price for the commodity no objection! And these imperial purchasers "coldly furnish forth" the quotations, which figure so respectably, from day to day, amongst the prices of foreign stock.—Globe. EXECUTION OF WRIGHT THE MURDERER. William Wright, who was convicted at the re- cent Wilts assizes for the wilful murder of Ann Collins, a woman with whom he cohabited, at Lydiard Tregoze, near Swindon, underwent the extreme sentence of the law in front of the county gaol, Fisherton Anger, on Tuesday, at noon. Subsequent to the trial the culprit made a statement to the Rev. W. Mayo, the chaplain of the gaol, of certain circumstances which led to the tragical occurrence. He asserted that he had no harboured intention of committing the crime, and that when he saw his victim lifeless on the floor, the feelings of blind infatuation with which he formerly regarded her, rushed upon him in all their force, and that it was this circumstance which led him to make an attempt upon his own life. On arriving at the press- room the culprit sobbed violently, and en- gaged in prayer. He took his farewell of the governor, and shook hands with the chaplain and the under sheriff. Calcraft, the exe- cutioner, then performed the process of pinion- ing; and as the unhappy man had previously expressed his intention of addressing the crowd, he was asked if he still adhered to his determin- ation? To this he replied in the negative, and the melancholy procession then ascended the steps leading to the scaffold. The culprit having placed himself beneath the fatal beam, the rope was placed around his neck and ad- justed, and the cap drawn over his eyes. The chaplain then proceeded with the solemn service, and at a given signal the bolt was drawn, and the wretched man was launched into eternity. His death was almost instantaneous. The fall from the drop caused the wound which the unfortunate criminal inflicted upon himself at the time of the murder to break out afresh, and this tended considerably to increase the horror of the spectacle. As the execution took place about a quarter of an hour before the usual time, the crowd assembled was not large. DEATH FROM FALLING INTO A DYE VAT.—A man named William Hardman, has died from injuries he received, six weeks ago, by falling into a vat at Messrs. Kershaw, Leese, and Co 's dye house. An inquest was held on his body on Thursday, by Mr. Herford, the city coroner. It appeared that a fellow-workman named Taylor removed a plank that was placed over the vat, in order to clear out a hole that had got stopped up, and, without replacing the plank, he went away to see whether the liquid would run out of the vat. During his absence, Hardman, and a man named Newton lifted a frame on which bobbins were suspended, and, going to one side, Hardman slipped into the vat, from the plank being out of its place. Mr. Peter Baxendale, the manager, said that all had been done that could be dune to prevent accidents of this kind. Railings were placed round the vats, and the men took them down ; but now they had been fixed in such a manner that they could not be removed. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death," The deceased was 45 years of age, and lived in Nelson- street, Roch- dale Road. PURCHASE OF THE BIRKENHEAD DOCKS.—In- telligence was received on Friday, that at an interview held in London during the week, be- tween the Liverpool authorities and Baron Goldsmid and Sir Joseph Bailey, the principal owners of the Birkenhead property, the Baron and Sir Joseph acceded to and signed a pre- liminary agreement, by which they bind them- selves to accept 13s. in the pound for their pro- perty in the docks, payable in three and six years, with interest at the rate of four per cent. The amount, altogether will be £1,300,000. Liverpool Chronicle. AN ECONOMIST OF TRUTH.—Jim, I believe Sam's got no truth in him." "You don't know, nigga; dare's more truth in dat nigga dan all de re's on the plantation." " How do you make dat ?" "Why, he never let any out." SWALLOWING A WRIT -In Newington church is buried Mr. Sergeant Davy (d. 1780). He was originally a chemist at Exeter; and a bherifF'a officer coming to serve on him a pro- cess from the Court of Common Pleas, he civilly asked him to drink. While the mau was drink- ing, Davy contrived to heat a poker, and then told the bailiff that if he did not eat the writ, which was of sheepskin, and as good as mutton, he should swallow the poker. The man pre- ferred the parchment ; but the Court of Com- mon Flea», not then accustomed to Mr. Davy's jokes, sent for him to Westminster Hall, and for contempt of their process committed him to the Fleet Prison. From this circumstance, and some unfortunate man whom ha met there, he acquired a taste for the law, and on his dis- charge he applied himself to the study of it in earnest, was called to the bar, made a sergeant, and was for a long time in good practice. Tim&s; Curiosities of London. INNOCENCE.-Innocence is the sweetest thing in the world, and there is more of it than folks generally imagine. If you want some to trans- plant, don't seek it in the enclosures of cant, for it has only counterfeit ones, but go to the gardens of truth and of sense. Coerced in- nocence is like an imprisoned lark- open the door, and it's off for ever. The bird that roams through the sky and the groves unrestrained, knows how to dodge the hawk and protect it- self ; bub the caged one, the moment it leaves its bara and bolts behind, is pounced upon by the fowler or the vulture.- Sam Slick. THE LOSS, BY FIRE, OF THH STEAM-SHIP ORO*. sus.-Soros* days »go, in a short parwar«ph, »e intimated the" total destruction of this noble steamer, but" without entering into details Vs. however, m my ot our good citizens feel more than an ord nary interest in the fate of this (once) noble specimen of naval architecture, we quote the following minute and authentic parti- culars from the Morning Chronicle. Says that journal :-" A serions loss has been made known at the Admiralty, by the receipt of telegraphic communications from Genoa, announcing the burning of the General Screw Steam Shipping Cornpany's iron screw-steamer Crcesus¡ which had been chartered by the English Government for the transport service, numbered 101, and was under the command of Captain T. V. Hall. The unfortunate catastrophe took place about eleven miles S.E of Genoa, on Tuesday morn- ing. The Crams was one of the fine fleet of iron screw-steamers which were built for the company about two years since, by Messrs. Mare and Co., at Blackwall. She was upwards of 2000 tons, was put on the Australian line, and returned from Meloourne about three months ago. She was then taken up by the English Government, and took out the Royal Wilts Militia from Portsmouth to Corfu. On dis- embarking the troops there, she was ordered to Malta, where she arrived on the 3rd April, and on being coaled, procejded with other trans- ports to Spezzia, for the purpose of conveying the Sardinian troops to the Crimea. She was then ordered to Genoa, and in the course of Monday the first detachment of the armv, com- prising the staff, 37 officers, and 200 rank and file, embarked on board. She also shipped 25 mules, and a larve'quin ti ty of stores and am- munition. On the following (Tuesday) morning she took her departure for Constantinople The other vessels which the Government had placed at the disposal of the Sardinian authorities for the conveyance of the contingent, it is re- ported, took their departure for the East about the same period, where her Majesty's ship Retribution ; Jason, No. 84 (sister ship of the Croesus) ; Emu, No. 74 ; Cleopatra, No. 137 ; Hydaspes, No. 9 ; and Harkaway. Aocording to the brief accounts that have been received of the ioss, it appears that the fire broke out amongst the stores shortly after the ill-fated ship had left Genoa, and so rapid was the work of destruction, that all attempts to stay the progress of the flames or »ave the vessel proved fruitless. Her condition being pro- videntially observed, the other transports sent their boats to her aid, and, with those belonging to the Croesus, the whole of the soldiers and crew of the burning ship were preserved, with the exception of six of the troops and one sailor. This is the third steamer the company have lost within the last two months ; two by fire, viz., tne Croesus and the Mauritius, which was destroyed while lying in the dry-dock at Southampton, and one, the Natal, chartered by the French Government, by going ashore near Cadiz. The company are severe sufferers by these deplorable disasters, as the ships, in addition to earning a consi- derable sum per month, were not insured to their value. The Croesus cost £90,000, and was only insured for £57,000, in thö room at Lloyd's and the principal insurance offices. The Government paid the company £5000 a month for her services." ROYAL PRESENT TO THE WOUNDED SOLDIERS AT CHATHAM.-Colonel Eden, the commandant of the garrison at Chatham, has received a large box containing upwards of 150 volumes of books. Enclosed was a letter written by Colonel Phipps, observing that the Queen, ou her recent visit to Chatham, was so perfectly satisfied with the internal arrangements of the hospitals, and was «o gratified with the de- meanour of the invalids that the enclosed pre- sent of books was for the poor soldiers in hospital at Brompton Barracks. The books are baautifully bound, and are of the most interest- ing kind. The Queen has also sent some draw- ing paper, pencils, india rubber, and other articles used for drawing, for the use of Private William Cunningham, 7th Fusiliers, an inmate of the hospital, who is slightly wounded iu the foot and leg, and who at the time of her Ma- jesty's visit to the wards, was amusing himself in sketching. He then produced some of his sketches, which be had made in the Crimea, and the Queen was so pleased with them that she requested the commandant to apply for them for her. This was done, and the sketches were forwarded for her Majesty's acceptance, and the present thus sent down was an acknowledgment of the royal favour.-Morning Herald. A STRAYED LETTER.-A young lady, residing at Stockton, received a letter a few days ago, on which a charge of 6d. was made, it having come from Australia On opening it, however, she discovered it was from a friend at Kirk levington.near Yara, and on inquiry into the matter was told by the postman that being small, it had got into the folds of a newspaper, and been carried to Melbourne, from which place it had been transmitted to the individual to wham it was addressed; The latter bad been written in August last.- Torkshireman. CALIFORNIAN SQUABBLES.-Amidst all the din and turmoil of the crowd, and the noisy musio that issues from every corner, two or three reports of a pistol will occasionally htartle the stranger, particularly if they should happen to be in his immediate vicinity, and a bullet should, as is not uncommon, whistle past his head and crack the mirror on the other side of him. There is a general row for a few moments, spectators secure themselves behind pillars aud under the bar ; there is a general exclamation of " don't shoot,''which means, of course, "don't shoot till we get out of the way;'' but after the first discharges the excitement settles down, and the suspended games are resumed A wounded man is carried out, but whether it is a ?' monte'' dealer who has shot a player, or one gentleman who has drawn on another gentle- man, in the heat of altercatiou, one does not learn that night, but it will appear in the morning paper ; if the former it will he headed " Murderous Affray ;" if the latter, «. Unfortu- nate Difficulty " There are different names for the same thing even in a democratic colony. Marrynt's Mountains and Molehills. WORTH KNOWING.-If you wish to prevent smoke from a lamp soak the wick in strong vinegar, and dry it well before you use it ; it will then burn both sweet and pleasant, and give much satisfaction for the trifling trouble in pre- paring it. BE FIRM.-The wind and the waves may heat against a rock planted in a troubled sea, but it remains unmoved. Be you like that rock, young man. Vice may entioe, and the song and the cup may invite. Beware, stand firmly at your post. Let your principles shine forth nnobs cured. There is glory in the thought that you have resisted temptation and conquered. Your blight example will be to the world what the lighthouse is to the mariner upon a lea-shure ; it will guide others to the point of virtue and safety. A GRATEDIGGER BURIED ALIVE IN GLOUCES- TERSHIRE -On Monday two men, named Curtis and Shayler, were engaged in Charlton Kings churchyard, at a depth of from 12 feet to 14 feet, constructing a vault ; Curtis was in a stooping position, adjusting the bricks, when the side of the vault suddenly fell in, burying both the men under a heap of sand several cons weight. Shayler, who happened to be standing at the time, was covered all but one of his arms, but, by the exertions of the bystanders, he was got out in about a quarter of an hour ; but the poor man Curtis was completely im- bedded in the loose sand, which, as it continued to run in almost as fast as it was dug out, ren- dered his extrication a very slow process ; and when at last the body was {¡ot out, it was found that he was quite dead; death having been caused, in the opinion of the medical man, by suffocation.-Cheltenham Examiner. POOR INDEED.-There is a piece of quiet but telling sarcasm in the following: -"Got a piper to spare T" " Yes, sir, here is one of our last. Would you like to subscribe, sir, and take i i regularly?" "I would, but I am tuo poor.'' He had jost returned from the circus, which cost fifty cents ; lost time from his farm, fifty cents; whiskey, judging from the smell, at least fifty cents- making a dollar and a-half ac- tually thrown away, and then begging for a newspaper, alleging be was too poor to pay for it ! That is what we call " saving at a spile, and wasting at the bung-hole." A HINT TO BACHELORS. - " I have b^eu so ofteu and un profitably in love," he frankly re- marks, 4*I have serious ihongh'B of piying my addresses to my tea- kettle. I have found her a very warm friend. Sh.j nings, too, and you know how fond I um of music ; I have heard a thousand times more unpleasant notes than her's. On a winter's night, after a well-spent day with a volume of poetry- Shakspear, Milton, Spenser-a volume of Dr. Johnson, or a new scottish novel ; when the wind is blowing and patting against one's window ; then sweet ia the song of the kettle ; sweeter to a studious man thau a crying child or a scolding wife. However, I must consider seriously before I offer her my hand- lest she should burn it." - Life of Etty, the Painter. A TRUMP CARD.-People ought to be care- ful what names they give their children, so as folks can't fasten nick-names on 'em- Before others the girls called her Letty, and that's well enough ; but sometimes they call her Let, which is "the devil. If a man can't give a pretty fortune to his child, he can give it a pretty name at any rate. There was a very large family of Cards wnnst to Sliekville. They were mostly in the stage-coach and livery-stable line, and careless, reckless sort of people. So on one day Squire Zenas Card had a christenin at his house. Sais the minister, " What shall I call the child?" "Pontius Pilate," said he. "I can't," said minister, "and I won't. No soul ever heard of such a name for a Christian since baptism carne into fashion." "I am sorry for that," said the squire, " for it's a | ( mighty pretty name. I heard it once in church, j f and I thought if ever I had a son I'de call him , t after him ; but if I can't have that, and it's a ¡ < dreadful pity, call him Trnrap," and he was ' . christened Trump Card.-Nature and Human \ i Nature, by Sam Slick. J i DEATH FROM EXHAUSTION AND STARVATION, NEAR HARROGATE.-On Tuesday last an inquest was held at a beer-house about two miles from Harrogate, on the Skipton road, on view of the body ot a man named John Waller, 42 years of ' age, who was found dead by the road-side, near that place, on Sunday morning. The deceased was a schoolmaster at Wilsill, a village near ! Pateley Bridge, hut a native of Knaresbro*. | It appears from the evidence given at the in- ' quest, that on Saturday he left the former place, with the intention of visiting his friends '. at Knaresbro', but on reaching Burnt Gates, | which is about half-way, he called at a public house, and there remained until a late hour in the evening, and was considerably the worse for liquor. After starting in the direction of Rip- ley, he missed his way, and wandered by Wreaks and Hampsthwaite, where he met with some p-rson who directed him to the Skipton road, leading to Harrogate. Whether be had been wandering about all night, or laid by the road is not known, but about four or five o'clock in the morning he called at one or two beer-houses asking for admittance, but was refused on the supposition of his being drunk. He bad not proceeded far from the last place before he sunk down by the road, completely exhausted, and shortly afterwards expired. He had with him a little dog, which was standing over the body when found in the morning. A verdict of " Found dead by the road-side, without any marks of violence,*' was returned by the jury SAD END.-On Tuesday afternoon last, Mr. Blackburn, Leeds, coroner, held an inquest at the Cross Keys Inn, Water-lane, upon the body of Samuel Cox, a youth of fifteen years, son of Mr. William Cox, joiner, Harper-street. The deceased, who had been for a considerable period employed at the Mercury office, left his work about the usual hour on Wednesday evening, the 7th of February last, and was not again seen alive. On Monday last two boatmen, in pro- pelling their vessel along the Leeds and Liver- pool Canal, near the canal bridge, discovered the body of a human being in the water. It was taken out, conveyed to the Cross Keys, and there recognised as that of the missing youth. There were no marks of violence upoo the body, nor any reason to believe that he had been forced into the water. The long period during which the body had remained undiscovered no doubt arose from the severe frost, which had locked the navigation of the canal. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that " the de- ceased had been found drowned in the waters of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, without marks of violence upon nis person ; but how, when, and under what circumstances he got into the water, there was no evidence to show." CALIFORNIA " A GREAT COUNTRY.''-On the " lot" where I had observed the remains of gun barrels and nails, stands its late proprietor, Mr. Jones, who is giving directions to a master car- penter, or " boss," for the rebuilding of a new store, the materials for which are already on the spot. The carpenter promises to get everything "fixed right off," and have the store ready in two days. At this juncture passes Mr Smith, also in company with a cargo of building ma- terials : he was the owner of the iron house ; he ssys to Jones interrogatively, " Burnt out ?" Jones : " Yes, and burst up." Smith : " Flat ?" Jones : " Flat as a d-d pancake ! " Smith : '.It's a great country." Jones: "It's nothing shorter." And in a couple of days both Smith and Jones are ou their legs again, and with a little help from their friends live to grow rich, perhaps, and build brick buildings that with- stand the flames.-Marryat"s Mountains and Molehills. "JACK" AT A STAG-HUNT.-I was present at a grand meeting in the New Forest, some few years ago, when the royal pack went down for a week's wild deer hunting. The first fixture I shall not easily forget. It appeared to be a gathering together of all nations and languages. Such a motley group of equestrians I never be- fore set eyes on. Soldiers, sailors, tinkers, and tailors ; every animal, from a donkey to a dray horse, being put in requisition. The numbers were computed at from one to two thousand. Davis, the huntsman, on recognising a brother of the craft in the crowd, lifted np his hands as if in supplication to rid him from the mob. As the hounds moved off at a pretty brisk trot through the trees, the motley assemblage began to disperse, and even at this early period casu- alties occurred. A sailor on a cart-horse rode foul of his brother tar on a fotest pony. " Avast there, Jack," cried" the latter. "Shiver my timbers, but that big craft of yours will run down my life boat in this gale." "Steer ahead, Tom, for this cr-tzy old brig won't tack, and she is full three sheets in the wind already ; so look out for squalls."-Horses and Hounds, by Scrutator. A SOUTH AFRICAN SNAKE STORY.-A boa constrictor, l8 feet in length, was captured ahout a fortnight ago, by Mr. Ayres, sen., of Pine Town. The method of capture reflects credit on that gentleman'scoolness and courage. He first seized the huge reptile with his hands by the tail, whilst, with its month, it had hold of one of Mr. Ayres's dogs. The animal left bold of the dog, and several times had nearly succeeded in seizing or circling round Mr Ayres, who, however, kept his hold of the tail, and dodged the serpent until it subsided into one of the sullen moods which these reptiles are in the habit of assuming ; and iu that state, with the assistance of Mr. Ayres's son and Kaffirs, a strong cord was made fast round the animal's neck, and thus it was secured alive. It has beeu to be seen at Messrs. Millar and Co's stores, and every three or four days a live fowl has been put into its cage, which, when hungry, it swallows whole. It is sold for shipment by the steamer.-Natal Mercury, Dec. 20. AN UNDENIABLE CLAIM.-A boy went to the post-office, Totness, in December, 1845, and thus addressed the postmistress :-" Please ma'am, haint'e going to gie me anything for Christmas?" "For what reason ?" "Cause I always brings my letters to your post-office.'' MAKING THEMSELVES TOO CHEAP.-We have now, amongst the wonders of the age, " A Shil- ling Peerage." Really, this is letting down the nobility to too low a figure. Why, one penny less, and we should have our noble Howards and Cavendishes reduced to the vulgar Browns ; .md, only think how it would astonish them ! Punch. SIR WALTER SCOTT ALTERED.-" Breathes there a mau.with soul so dead-who never to himself have said-I. will my district paper take-both for my own and family's sake? -If such there be, let him repent-and have the paper to him sent-and if he'd pass a happy winter-he in advance Bhould pay the printer. THE HONÍST SHOP-BOY.-" That is right, my boy," said the merchant, smiling approvingly upon the bright face of his shop-boy. He had brought him a dollar that lay amongst the dust and paper of the Bweepings. "That is right," he said again, .« always be honest ; it is the best policy." "Should you say that?" asked the lad timidly. " Should I say what T that honesty was the best policy ? Why it is a time-hououred old saying. I don't know about the elevating tendency of the thing ; the spirit is rather narrow, I'll allow." " So grandmother taught me," replied tbe boy, " she said we would do right because God approved it, without thinking what mau would say." The merchant turned abruptly toward the desk, and the .houghtfui-faced little lad resumed his duties In the course of the morning a rich and influental citizen called st the store. While conversing, he said, " I have no children of my own, and I fear to adopt one. My experience is that a boy of twelve, the age I should prefer, is fixed in his habits, and if they are bad -" " Stop !" said the merchant, did you see that lad yonder?'' " With that noble brow ? Yes, what of him ?" " He is remarkable-" " Yes, yes, that's what everybody tells me who have boys to dispose of. No doubt he will do well before your face. I've tried a good many, and have been deceived more than once." " I was going to say," remarked the merchant calmly, "that he is remarkable for principle. Never have I known him to deviate from the right, sir ; never. He would restore a pin ; inueed, (the merchant coloured,) he's a little too honest I for my employ. He points out flaws in goods, , and I cannot teach him prudence in that respect. ¡ Common prudence, you know, is-is-common 1 -common-prudence-ahern !" The stranger ! made no assent, and the merchant hurried on to I say : " He is a parish orphan, taken by an old ' woman out of pity, when yet a babe Poverty has been his lot. No doubt he has suffered from hunger and cold uncounted times ; his hands bav been frozen, so has his feet. Sir, that boy would have died rather than been dishonest. I can't account for it, upon my word I can't." "Haveyou any claim upon him ?" " Not the least in the world, except what common benevolence offers. Indeed, the boy is entirely too good for me.'' "Then 1 will adopt him ; and if I have fonnd one really honest boy, thank God." The little fellow rode home in a carriage, and was ushered into a luxurious room; and he who sat shivering in a cold corner, listening to the words ot a pious old creature who had been taught of the spirit, became one of the best and greatest divines that England ever produced.-Hunt's [Neu* York] Merchants' Magazine. A READY RECKONER.-A certain exquisite, during a recent tonr, wishing to sport his wit at the expense of a Yorkabire former, accoited bim with, " I say, farmer, if one pound of cheese costs two pound of butter, what will a cart- load of paving-stones come to ?" " Two waggon loads of dandies,'* was the farmer's immediate reply. GENIUS.-I never knew a poet, except my- self, who was punctual in anything, or to he de- pended on for the discharge of any duty, except what he thought he owed to the Muses. The moment a mau takes it into his foolish head that he has what the world calls genius, he gives himself a discbarge from the servile drudgery of all friendly offices, and becomes a good-for nothing, except in the pursuit of its favorite em- ployment.- Cowper. GOOD ADVICE.-The Albany Knickerbocher says-" The best cure for hard times is econo- my- A shilling's worth of white beans will do as much feeding as 50 cents, woith of potatoes; while 6 cents worth of Indian meal will make as much bread as 14 cents, worth of flour. Be- sides, it is twice us wholesome. Almost every family in town could cut down their expenses one-half, if they only ohose to do so " THE NEW MILITARY UNIFORM.-The new military tunic or dress-coat, as well as the mili- tary undress frock, with the scarf to be worn with them, will effect one of the most striking changes we remember to have Si>en in the uni- form of our military officers. We were yester- day shown the outfit of an officer of the line, made by Mr. M'Intyre, of Brig^ate, under the new regulations, and were much struck with it. The tunic, or dress coat, is of scarlet, with slash sleeves, and skirts richly laced with gold or silver (according to service) The skirts meet in front, and give to the coat a peculiar appear- ance to the eyes of those who have been so long accustomed to the swallow«taileJ ciateo, jos! discarded. The frock, or undress, has also undergone a change, and the change is certainly for the best (whatever the opinion may be in military quarters relative to the tunic), as it gives the wearer a more soldierlike appearance than the old one. In both dress and undress, a massive silk scarf is wom over the left shou' der, and adds mucb to the effect of the whole. ADVICE TO A GENTLEMAN IN LOVE.-"Are you in disgrace with the lady of your love !" .. No !" " Are you in favour?'' " 2*o !" " The medium?" "Yes!" "That is bad, you had better have bad a quarrel. It is much easier to pass from storm to sunshine, ' from Indus to the Pole,* than to make indifferent dullness ioto grace and favour." MELANCHOLY DEATH FROM POISON.-On Saturday the borough coroner and a respectable jury were occupied for a considerable period in investigating the cause of the aeath of Mr. James Smith Wood, connected with the firm of Messrs. Kurtz and Co., chemical manufacturers, of St. Helens, who died on the previous day at the Queen's Hotel, Lime-street, from acci- dentally taking a portion of corrosive sublimate. From the evidence given by the several wit- nesses examined on the inquest, it appeared that Mr. Wood, who had only been married a few weeks to a most amiable young woman, re- turned from London bv the train arriving at the Lime-street station at half-past four o'clock on the morning of Thursday last. He went to the Queen's Hotel, and on Friday afternoon, finding that he was very unwell, Mr. Churchod, the proprietor, induced bim to send for Dr. Mani- fold, who found the deceased so ill that not the slightest hopes were entertained of his recovery He lingered in the greatest agony until about half-past eight o'clock, when he expired, having previously informed Dr. Manifold that he had taken, by mistake, about three grains of cor- rosive sublimate, which he had in his pocket to test minerals, instead of sal prunel, which he had been taking for a sore throat, observing "that be knew that he had made the mistake on the Thursday, but would not send for a medical man, because he did not wish to be troubled with physic." Evidence was given that there was not the slightest suspicion that the deceased had intended to destroy himself, or that he had anything on his mind to cause him to be depressed in spirits, but the reverse, as he was a young man who had commenced life under the must promising circumstances. The jury returned a verdict that the deceased bad taken the poison in mistake, which amounted to a verdict of accidental death. Mr. Wood was in the 28th year of his age, and was respected by a large circle of friends. RELIGIOUS INTOLERANCE IN SPAIN.-Lord Howden, the English Ambassador at Madrids has lately had several rather warm discussion, with the Spanish Ministry, on the subject of a gross infringement of the religious freedom of English subjects resident in that kingdom. Some days since the police of Seville surprised eight Protestants employed in the pions exercise of their religious duties. There conld be no question of a flagrant violation of domicile, as [ the house of the Protestant minister had been invaded without the exhibition of any judicial authority. Lord Howden has protested against this proceeding, basing his c >mplaint-first, on the breach made in the liberty guaranteed by treaties ; and secondly, on the fact that the Spanish penal code authorises prosecutions ouly when the national religion is insulted by exter- nal acts. Besides, at Malaga, at Madrid, and at other cities, it is notorious that Protestants enjoy the private discharge of their religions duties without annoyance. The Spanish Go- vernment have replied that they have as yet no official information on the subject It is proba- ble that the matter will be arranged, and that the higher authorities will disavow the acts of the Seville police. Why is a conundrum which no one can guess like a ghost? Becanse some time or other we must all give it up. A CALCULATIVO BOY.-There waa great excitement.on ' Change on Monday. HeiehanU elbowed each other and strained as if for dear life, for the purpose of looking at a singular person who formed the centre and attraction of. the orowd. A little ragged boy, who had not yet seen fifteen summers, was the sole oauie of this display of energy. Clothed ia tattered garments, and his feet encased io a pair of Lancashire dumpers, he was promptly answering arithmetical questions that would have puzzled the majority of clerks who pride themselves on their smartness at figures. " How ' many farthings,'' asked one gentleman, are there in £16,000,000, the amount, of the new loan? The boy hung down his head for about half-a minute, and then replied with ' confidence " Fifteen billions, three hundred and sixty . millions," the exact number. His name, he said, was James Dennis: that he was an orphan and a native of Ireland ; and that he had been instructed in the mode of mental calculation he pursued in the Nottingham National School. A collection of sixpences, realising . a few shillings, having ~D*en made among the,.by- standers, and handed to the lad he struggled through the crowd of gazers, and ran briskly down Dale- street, amid the cheers of about fifty boys, who appeared immensely delighted at this triumph of one of their own order.-Liverpool Albion. A TIGHT FIT.-Our junior partner returned a pair of trousers to his tailot last week, because they were too small in the legs. " But you told me to make them as tight as your skin," said the tailor. "True," quoted the colleague, "for I can sit down in my skin, but I'll be split if I can in these breeches !" The tailor caved in. Era, April 22. CONFESSION OF A MURDERER.-On Monday-Hy. Ifield was fully committed for trial by the Tun- bridge bench, charged with obtainiug a cheque for £15 from a lady named Deacon, at MabJe don, Tunbridge. As it was late before the ex- amination terminated, Ifield was placed in the lock up for the night, preparatory to bis being taken to Maidstone. While there he endea- voured to hang himself with a piece of, stuff picked by him from the rug furnished to pri- soners in the lock-np. fortunately. Goddard went in in time to prevent his accomplishing ais end, and a surgeon having been sent for, he soon recovered. Goddard then obtained assist- ance, and they sat up with bim all night, and during the night he made,the following horrible confession :- He said that he had .murdered his wife, about twenty years ago, at Dartford, and that he had dragged the body to a small arch- way near Mr. Hall's powder mills there, and that upon a sort of shelf in the archway he bad left it. That his first wife's name was Sophia Danker, a captain's widow, and was possessed of about seven hundred pounds, which .sum be received the day after their marriage, and he very soon made off with it. That they were mar- ried at Brighton, by the Rev. Dr. Wagner. That he sold a gold chronometer which belonged to his wife's first husband for £40, to a Mr. Levy, at Lewes. He said be never liked his wife, and only married her for her money ; that when it was gone they were staying at Dartford, and one night, after he had been driuking, his wife followed him without her bonnet; that he struck her with a silver-headed cane (whioh was loaded), when she fell down ; that he afterwards cut her throat with a Spanish knife, whioh he threw into the river at Dartford, and disposed of her body in the manner al-eady stated. He said that a twelvemonth ago he visited the spot to see if the body was still there ; that there were bones there, bnt all the flesh was gone. He thought he would remove the bones into the water, and took hold of one of the fingers, when the skull moved, which frightened him and h« ran away. He said his wife had haunted him ever since, aud he wished to be banged for it. So singular an account naturally excited the curiosity of Goddard, who went to Dartford, and there found an archway with shelves or ledges in it precisely as the prisoner had stated, and in the exact situation pointed out. A person was sent up the archway, but nothing was found except some pieces of chalk. The police there are actively engaged in searching after some traces, of the person thus stated to have been' so brutally murdered. At present there is but the testimony of this wretched man to rely upon.-South Eastern Gazette. DRUSE OPINION OF A EUROPEAN HAT.-TO the children ourselves and costume are especially a source of inquisitive amusement, the European hat, io particular, forming a tjieme of some hours' conversation. They do not, however, in our days evince such spleen towards Europeans and their hats as seems to have been the case when the late Mr. Burrkhardt visited these mountains, for he says that the greatest insult one Druse can offer to another is to express a wish that "God may put a hat upon him.'' The colonization of Beyrout by Europeans, and their frequent intercourse with the Druses, may in some measure account for the abolition of this absurd malediction. Now-a-days the Druse children, as well as the Druses themselves, may offer a harmless insult to that much respected portion of European costume by comparing it to a cooking pot; but I have often seen them divest themselves of their turbans for the sake of donning my hat, and having a hearty laugh at the grotesque figure they cut ia ib.- The Druses of Lebanon. A MODERN CINDERELLA.-The Salut Public of Lyons contains the following strange, tale, the truth of which it guarantees --" About two months ago, M. de Rhet-a gentleman of large property in the neighbourhood of this city, on leaving the theatre, after a performance of "Etoile du Nord," picked up a white satin shoe. On .examining it, he found that it must have beeu made for a foot remarkably small and elegant. He asked the box-keepers if any one had announced the loss of the shoe, but he was answered in the negative. He took it home with him. The more he saw it the more he admired it ; and be jumped at the conclusion that the owner, having so small a foot, was in all probability extremely beautiful. He showed the shoe to all his friends and acquaintances, and caused them to make enquiries after the owner. But he could find no clue to her. At last it struck him that as the person who had lost it conld not have walked home, he might gun some information from the cab drivers. After eight days spent in inquiry, be found a driver who remembered having driven a young woman who had lost a shoe in the Rue Thomassin. M. de Rhet thereupon made enquiries at every house in that street, and he -at length discovered a young workwoman, who blushingly confessed that the shoe was hers. As he anticipated, he found that she was remarkably beautiful, and on inquiry be learned that her character was very good. He fell in love with her, and as his pro- positions were honorable, the girl listened to him A few days ago they were married." SCENE IN AN AMERICAN PLACE or WORSHIP. A singular scene took plaoe at the Cathedral ia New York. A short time ago, on a Saturday, Father Moriarty was pronouncing his sermon on the death of St. Patrick, when, in the midst of his discourse, the Rev. speaker slopped, making a long and angry " point." The house was still as death for about a minute, when the words of the priest were again heard, and all eyes directed towards the object of them ; a young lady sit- ting in one of the pews. He said, " Take down that eye-glass, ma'am, take down that eye- glass ; you can 889 me" well enough without it ; I'm sufficiently big enough to be seen without an eye-glass. And don't be making signs to that other girl and making her laugh." Quite a sensation ensned ; the unlucky lady with the quizzing-glass seemed quite overwhelmed in the presence of the indignant oungregation.-Era, April 22. A SUSPICIOUS ? DOSE.-A doctor, the other day, ordered some very powerful medicine for a sick boy, and the father, not liking the appear- ance of it, forced it down the cat's throat. When the doctor called and enqnired if the powder had cnred the boy, the father exclaimed, " No, we didn't give it to bim." " Good Hea venB," exclaimed the doctor, "is the child living?" "Yes, exclaimed the father, "but the old cat isn't; we gave it to her." The dootor cut.- Era. April 12. A NATURAL INFERENCE.-Is it not reasonable to suppose that when a young lady offers.to hem cymbric handkerchiefs for a rich bachelor, she means to sew in order that she may reap. 