DEPLORABLE EEFECTS OF THE MAINE LIOUOR LAW. (From tho New York Herald.) It is obviouB that something must be done to put a stop to the rioting mania, which appears ' from our telegraphic advices to be becoming chronic at the West. Riots and bloodshed at Cincinnati, the Bame thing at Chicago, the same thing at St. Louis, assuredly betoken a state of things requiring immediate attention. Whence do theso phenomena arise ? It is true that in all these instances the dis turbers of the peace have been Irish and Ger mans, and that the fighting propensities of these two elements of the population of this country are notorious. It may be said that Irishmen and Germans would fight whether there was a ground of quarrel or not ; that they love fighting in the abstract; and cannot, until the third or fourth generation, become recon ciled to that peaceful way of life which Ameri cans prefer. But, allowing for this agency, it is quite clear that there has been in this case a eood deal of provocation. These foreigners come here from a monarchy more or less oppressive to a land professedly free. They— especially the Ger mans—have never heard in the wildest freaks of their native 'tyrants of a man's liquor being stopped ; and they naturally look upon this as savoring of a tyranny which would liave appal led even the Emperor of Austria. Therefore they resist, as they would have done at home ; and therefore blood is shed. Of. course it is all wrong for men to take the law into their own hands and shoot down the police.- But, at Ihe same time, every nation can point to a period in her history when her liberties would have been lost had not some one or many taken the responsibility of this wrongful act and how can these poor Germans or Irish tell whether that time has come or not ? A wise legislator will avoid placing the ignorant in a dilemma between apparently justifiable resistance and servile submission. The fact is the North is becoming more and more imbued with the narrow spirit of New England fanaticism. They were fine fellows in many respects those old Puritans — may their memory never be less ! — but of all the races ever born of the seed of Adam, they stand forth as undoubtedly the mast bigoted, the most ar bitrary, and the most narrow-minded. It is altogether a mistake to suppose that they have altered since the Mathers deplored with tears in their eyes that no more witches ve-e to be hanged, and the people's hearts mis a -o them,, but the stern men of blood were rieht. They would hang witches still, if they did not- hap pen at this time to be busy trying to rob the South of her property, and to drive Catholic ladies by insults out of their country. These, keep their hands full. The prohibitory law is theirs — just such a law as the old General Court at Boston might have framed, and a dark- browed Puritan preacher enforced. It may , answer in their old province, Maine, of that other old settlement of theirs, Vermont ; in the country parts of New England, of course, it is but a lineal descendant of their common law ; but when you come to pnforce it among men. who have not been brought up to consider hanging the proper cure for heterodoxy, or par sons the best political leaders, it must fail. And this for the simple reason that it is not suited to any other race of men than those it origi nated with. You cannot make a unifcrm law for the world. .You cannot feed the giraffe on the same provender as the polar bear ; nor can you persuade men who mix with the world, and are part of it, lo be governed by the fanatical spirit of New . England asceticism. Laws may be passed, of course — this is always easy ; the Acts of Trade and the Stamp Act were very gocd and regular laws as. such ; but can you carry them out? We do not believe it possible. Men will not, after all submit to the dictates of a bigoted fanatical majority, at such cost. The scenes at Chicago are only the beginning; we, worn the authorities of this State to be prepared for something similar here, and, for .humanity's sake, to be prepared in such a way as at all events will spare the effu sion of blood. The Floating Batteries. — One of these, enormous washing tubs is to be seen at Wool-- wich. Ahead, astern, or broadside on, all is a mass of deformity. Neither rudder nor hawse ; holes, are visible. Masts, yards, and funnel denote that it is a ship, or it might easily be mistaken for n dumby, pierced with pnrtholos for windows. But .putting aside the eccentric exterior of the craft, there are in them some most' serious defects. These " Things," with- I out a gun, shot, or pound of powder on beard draw eight feet, and their port sills are. now only, five feet from the water's edge. , Before they are armed, manned, provisioned, and stored weights; will have to-be put on board, which will probably iinmtr;e them three feet more.- Thus the port holes will be only two feet out of the water ! The fighting deck has been so carefully covered., with a bomb -pi oit protection that not en aperture has been left sufficiently large to. admit a shell ; the conse quence is there is no way for smoke to escape, 1 except at the port-holes.. "The hatchways,. ' which would have admitted a, shell would have ' let off the smoke ; so to avoid being killed by a destructive missile, the crew must all be ' suffocated! After the first bro&dsjjje; the crew ' will be unable to seethe object of t Heir engage- 1 ment, and after the third round strangulation 1 must ensue. : ,No loulet cisphyxiant need bo 1 employed against the tenants of the floating ' batteries. The. confined vapour . arising from ' their own guns will be all- sufficient. To steer. 1 er propel such an unwieldy conglomeration of ' wood and iron is out of. the question. They ' will go where they please and how they please, ' never uncommonly fast, without boing dry. Yet 1 five of these precious' instruments of torture, 1 which will, not cost less than half a million are built and. paid for by honest, good-natured John Bull. — linked, Service. Gazette. — The Morning Herald asserts that the unfavorable criticism on the screw floating batteries, or " war-tubs," as they have been called, is pre mature, and that the cost has been greatly ex aggerated. The whole squadron, it is said, will not cost £300,000. Why thp "Wedding-ring is Placed on, the Fourth Finger. — We have remarked- on the vulgar error of a vein going from the fourth finger of the left hand to the heart, it is said by Swinburn and others that, therefore, it be came the wedding-linger. The priesthood kept up this idea by still keeping it as the wedding- finger, but it was got at through the use of the Trinity ; for, in the ancient ritual of English marriages, the ring wub placed by the husband on the top of the thumb of the left hand, with the words, " la the name of tho Father," he then removed it to the forefinger, saying, " In the name of .the San ;" then to the middle finger, adding, "And of the Holy Ghost;" finally, he left it, as now, on the fourth finger. with the closing word " Amen. The History and Poetry of Finger-rings. ' - 