GLEANINGS. Connecticut is called the "land of wooden clocks," from the fact that she is more extensively engaged in the manufacture of clocks than any other state in the country. She has 1,000,000 dollars invested, employs 1,279 work men, and manufactures 794,000 clocks each year. In Sullivan county, Ohio, one of the candidates for county clerk was pledged to give one-half the proceeds of the ofice to the widow of the late clerk; and the other promised, in the event of' his election, to marry the widow. In Whitehead's " Historian's Pocket Companion," printed in Newcastle in 1777, the first entry is-" Adam and Eve created, Friday October 28, 4002 years before Christ." Can this be the origin of the superstition that Friday is an unlucky day for man ? A Swedish ' savant', Professor Edlund, of the Royal Academy of Sciences, succeeded last year in making an improvement iti the construction of the electric telegraph apparatus, by which it beconmes possible to send mes sages by the same wire simultaneously in two opposite directions. A live toad, in a torpid state, was recently dug out of "hard pan" at Routland, Vermont, some fifteen feet below the surface, where he must have reposed for centuries. On being laid on the grass lie soon revived, and hop. ped off to give the worms and bugs of the 19th century a specimen of antedilu vian skill in "snapping them up." William Wirt's letter to his daughter on the "small sweet courtesies of life," contains a passage from which a deal of happiness might be learned :-" I want to tell you a secret. The way to make yourself pleasing to others is to show that you care for them. The whole world is like the miller at Mansfield, ' who cared for nobody,-no, not he, because nobody cared for him.' And the whole world will servo you so, if you give them the same cause. Let every one, therefore, see that you do care for them, by showing them what Sterne so happily calls ' the small, sweet courtesies in which there is no parade ; whose voice is too still to tease, and which manifest themselves by tender and affectionate looks, and little acts of attention, giving others the preference in every little enjoyment ,at the table, in the field, walking, sitting, or standing.'" On both sides of the Atlantic, your economical Anglo- Saxon is fond of " something to boot," and when he sends an advertisement to a newspaper, begs a paragraph into the bargain. An American contemporary has a wholoc sale way of meeting the applicationl. " We must again," says he, "call at tention to our advertisements 'in the lump,' having no room to mention them separately." This is as good as Ben jamin Franklin's advice to his papa. to "say grace" over a whole cask of pickled pork, that he might not have to do it daily ? 'Itt relitedll that a coachman, driving up a mountain in Vermont, was asked X by a timid passenger if t was as steep do on the other side. "steep I" exclaimed a, Johu-"chain lightning couldn't go , down it without a drag on I" 1 Large works are about to be erected e at Leicester, at an expense of £25,000, c for manufacturing the town sewage v into an agricultural manure. to One of the 42nd Highlanders writes : "The'telegraph has .completely beowil dered the poor Turks. They got some word about its powers, and now they t won't go near thie place where the wire I is buried, but stand with outstretched I hands crying 'bona, bona.'" PRIDE oF BIRTIT.-Banister used to tell a story of his having been intro- I 'duced, with 'Mrs. Banister, to. an elderly lady of exceeding high notions. After the presentation had taken place, the lady asked a wit of the day, who was present, " Who are the Banisters ? are they of good family ?" "Yes," said the wit, "very good indeed ; they are closely allied with the Stairs." "0," said Lady Lucretia, "a- very ancelent 'family from Ayrshire, dates back to 1460.; i am delighted to see ydur frienlds." ' MEasonr,--There is 'something very curious about memory, says Sam Slick. I don't think there is such a thing as total forgetfulness. Memory hasnmany. cells. Some of them aint used much, and dust and cobwebs get about them, and you can't tell where the hinge is, or can't easily discern the secret spring; but open it at once, and whatever is stowed away there is as safe and sound as ever. I have, a good many capital stories poked away in them cubby holes, that I can't just lay my hand on when I want to; but now and then, when looking for something else, I stumble' upon them. by accident. Tell you; what, as'to forgettin' a thing teetotally, I don't believe ,there is any such thing in natur. GnosTs.--" Ghosts I" says Thomas Hood, "No such thing in nature ; all laid long ago, before the wood pave-I ment. What. should they come for ? Tihe colliers ntay rise for higher wages, and the chartists may rise for reform, and the abstainers may rise for their health, and the; rlising generation may rise ; but that thgbdead should rise only to make one's halir rise, is more than I can credit. Suppose yourself a ghost. Well, if you come out of your grave to serve a friend, how are you to help him ? And if it's an enemy, what's the use of apppearing to him, if you can't pitch into him ?" PIIILOLOIOAL PtPROPiEY.-Dr. Eadie, of Glasgow, denies that the words Armageddon and Sebateopol are the same in import.. "Armageddon," says the doctor, writing to a Scottish journal, " is neither more nor less than 'the hill of Megiddo.' Sebastopol, again, is not august city, but simply the city of Augustus. The first syllable of Armageddon is not atr, a city, but hear, a hill; the feeble Hebrew aspirate being lost, as usual, when the word is written or spelled in Greek. The name Sebastopol was formed according to the prevailing custom. There had already been Constantinople, or the city of Constantine ; Adrianople, or the city of Adrian; and 'following the analogy, the imperial founder of the naval fortress called it Sebastopol, or the city of Augustus-Sebastos being the Greek representative of the Latin Augustus. If we pronounce, the name as the modern Greeks do, by the accentuation and not by the old classical quantity, its last syllable would soon be spelled as that of the two more ancient cities. Megiddo has been a frequent battle-field from the days of Barah to those of the elder Bonaparte, and there fore fitly furnished a symbolic name to the writer of the Apocalypse. Baseless philology must necessarily lead to- fan tastic prediction." fA PENOsENON. - A 'barrister refusing his fee. Remorse is the tight boot that t pinches the sole. tA woman's ultimatum is "shant I" The bread of repentance we eat is in many instances made of the .wild oats we sow in our youth. The widow of Admiral Sir Charles Cotton, who died recently at the age of ninety-two, was the "wife, daughter, grand-danghter, sister, and mother-in law of admirals." Her death was f aceeHerate~l°'by the news that her own t nepihew, and the husband of her niece, had died in the Crimea; and that two v of her grandsons-sons of Lady King were on their way to the seat of war. A Cusrtous INCIDENT.-A short time since, say'i the Boston Transcript, a young lady in Roxbury trod upon a needle, and run it into the ball of her foot, through ain India rubber shoe. Her mother immediately diow out the t needle; about a quarter of an inch of the point end of the needle, was broken in extracting it from the foot. Some six or eight days after, the young lady felt a slight prickly sensation just above the knee, and upon putting ,her hand upon the sjot, found the lost point of the needle just making its way r through the skin. Thus in about a week's time, the needle found its way through the foot, ankle, nd leg, to the knee. i Tus DaUNGnRD': C.osx..-In thl time 'of Oliver Cromwell, the magistrates in the n north of England punished drunkards by making them csrry what is called "The SDrunkard's Cloak.' This awas a large \- barrel with one head out, and a hole in the Sodthler, through whlich thie offender was made n toput his head, while Iis "hands were drawn through two smnall holes, oie on each side. With. tls he was compelled to march o along ths public streets.' What a strange sight it would be were all the drunkaras Snow-a-days compelled to march about wearing barrels for cloaks P A isa CLUa r OLAna r:'--Altter'fronn go Kamisoch .Bly ot the 6th, if'the l)onltour A do la Flotte, says:--' Yesterday ig taking is a turn in the camp, I obtained an expiana- ne tlon of a matter which had long excited - my curiosity. I had frequently seen by my to glass convoys cnter Sebastopol, but in spite di of nil my watching, I:eould never see any bh carts leave. What became of all the " vehicles P And an a number of them en- bi tored the town daily for a long time past, ili what place was largo enough to contain them all P It turns out that thre cats o di being unloaded, are broken up cud used as D firewood, and that the oxen which drew ci them, two In each, are anitl slaughtered for tl food I Such is the explanation of the ol mystery l" mDering the recent trial of the cause, cl Ashworth v. Wild, at Liverpool, Mr. Ser- a geant Wilkins, n addressilng the jury, made o some passing allusion to the anger display- u ed by Mr. Watson, Q.O., who was on the r: opposite side. Itr. Justice Cresswell, Inter- h rupting the learned sergeant said-" Won't 'v you allow an advocate togotangry, brother a Vilkins P" Thus pointedly addressed, Mr. b Sergeant Wilkins, turniang slowly to the bench, replied, in those double-dlapasoned c tones which lie occasionally brings into a play with such crushing effect, "I have no II obljection, my lord, to all advocate, or oven e a judge getting angry ; but I think what I Seither oneor the other, might sqy, in such a I case, Is not worth muct attention." ills lordship threw himself back into his easy I chair, and instituted a scrutinising pxami nation into the construction of the circular I gasojet suspended from the ceilling. A candidate for the office of county clerk I in Texas offered to register mirriages for } nothing. EHis opponent, undismayed, pro.- c mised to do the same, " and throw a cradle I in:' t The entire amount of damage done at the I Crystal Palace on the late occasion of the I Emperor's visit did not amount to £5. I SINOULAn ANTIPATHIES.--Tio antipa. I thlies of. the human mind are very extraor- I dinary, and their effects are involuntary, I Irresistible, and unaccountable. Out of I the almost Innumerable cases of this affec-I tion of the nerves on record, we here sub- 0 join a few of the most remarkable. Thus, for example, Uladislans, king of Poland, I used to become almost frantic If apples I were put in his sight. Henry III of I France could not stay in a room where there was a cat; yet this king was so ab- 1 surdly fond of dogs that he would often walk about his palace with a basket of young puppies dangling by a piece ol blue ribbon from his neck. Scaliger could not look at velvet without a violent shaking of the whole body. Marshal d'Albert could not endure the presence of either a wild boar or a sucking pig. Boyle used to fall Into convulsions at hearing water running from a tip. M. la Motte do Vayer, though he could not bear music, yet was delighted to listen to the roar of thunder. Our sovereign, James I, could not bear the sight of a drawn sword; and Sir Knowles Dlgby narrates that his Majesty shook so. violently in knighting him, that he would have run the point of his sword into the eye of the knight elect had not tihe Duke of' Buckingham guided It . across his shouilder. The trial of King, the ex-detective po liceman, took place yesterday in the Cen tral Criminal Court. 'Ie was charged on several Indictments, foi larceny from the person, and also for receiving the property named in the Indictments. The principal witness agaiust the prisoner was the boy Reeves, whose evidence has been very fully given blofore the magistrates at Marlbo rough-street. He was found guilty and sentenced to fourteen years' transportation. . EsoeI?.r OnsrerAcr.-Tho Lyons papers I are full of the following story. They state that on the 19th Inst.,'a number of Englishmen established in that city gave a splendid banquet to acounitrymanof theirs, a Mr. Arthur Fleming, a rich merchant of London, then at Lyons, who had just com pleted a residence of eleven months in the prison of Frankfort, In which lie had been placed under the following circumstances: -About a twelvemonth ago, Mr. Fleming stopped for two days at oneof theprincipal hotels at Frankfort-on-the-Malns, and on the third day, when about to leave, called for his bill, which to his astonishment, amounted to 250 trance. 'Indignant at this exorbitant demand, he tendered one-half of'It, but the landlord persisted, and threat ened to solend is customer to prison, as the law of the place allowed him to do. The Englishman however was obstinate, and, suffered himself to be arrested and locked up. Although the laws of Frankfort give this power to creditors, they .at the same r time impose on them the necessity of sup porting their debtors while In prison, and of furnishing them with clothes and other articles suitable to their position in life. This the hotel-keeper was compelled to do In.Mr. Fleming's case; and so little care did the Englishman take of the articles sup plied to him, that the former at last found himself minusa sum of nearly 20,000f. and getting tired of the contest, he ordered the a release of his captive. Mr. Fleming satis f fled with the triumph of British endurance over German extortion and spito, imme diately on his release gave a sum to the s poor of Frankfort, amounting to doublethat nexpended by the hotel- keeper.-.Galignant. The Legislature bf Nova Scotia had granted a charter to certain parties to faollil 0 tate the construction of an electro-magnetic \- telegraph line to' Europe. The plan pro posed was to connect the wires of the Nova t cotia company with a submarine cable from Ireland. It was expected that a direct communlcation between the City and Lon a don, would be open by the faill of 1858. P FAns' A~n Fnaueas.-Farms occupy \- two-thirds of the land of England. The 0 numberoftlhe farms is 225,318, the average if size Is 111 acres. Two-thirds of the farms a are under that size, but there are 771 above 1000 acres. The large, holdings abound in the south-eastern and eastern countles, the g small farm in the north. There are 2000 it English farmers holding nearly 2,000,000 r acres; and there are97,000 English farmers t not loldtng'more. There are 40.650 farmers y who employ five-labourers each; 16,501' Shave ten or more, and employ .together 311,707 labourers; 170 farmers have above Ssixty labourers each, and together employ 17,000.-Census Report. GsOmnia Scoc Biiaki'. -- Statistics i relative to the quattitles of spirits con 0 somed in Glasgow have sometimes, If not y many, been presented to the public. Glans o gow has thus acquired a name which is 0 nearly tantamount to that of Cllcquot. e There is, however, good reason to believe lo that Glhsgow is "na fon', na' that fou';"' o though there may be occasionally'"Junst a Swee drap in her ee;" for 'it ppears thlat I she is not onily capnbl of taking epro of Iherseluf but alsoof caring for tihe commo cause. A correspondent informs us that, it as her contrlbution to the PatriotIc Found, next to the subscription of London, Glans gow has returned the largest snm, ncmely, £45,000. This fact proves thlt Glasgow Is under the influence of a 'spirit which is neither Gloelivat, nor Farintosh, nor Islay -a spirit which does, indeed, dispense I toddy, but does not constitute an mngr a dient of that beverage-the spirit of t bounty; and the weoe drop" which her a "co" may occasionally sparkle with may be regarded as an emanation of generous a iiquor. IIow TO Tanas oun Cobvscrs.-We don't know what to do with our crlminalsl I Don't wo? Instead of shutting them up r cosily in model prisons here at home, have them shipped off abroad to an unhealthy s alimate, and just at the most inclement I season. Land them without a change of I I, clothing, and keep them to hard labour in I \- a swamp, without allowing them the time a or means to dry their clothes. Feed them with raw pork and unroasted coffee-ber a ries, and let themn sleep (for some three \- hours out-of the four-and-twenty) in tents ' which are completely pervious to the wet, r and where the thermometer is nightly much below freezing point.. In the event of their o sickening, or sinking from fatigue, take d care to deny them proper medical attend o ance, and let them once a week or so have o indiyidually a good. sound whipping, with ni out which indeed, It will be seen that they .t would only have been undergolng that a which our brave soldiers have for some is months past been suffering in the "camp y before Sebastopol."-Punch. r- A singular marriage was celebrated in r the chapel of the Hotel des Invalides, that of a Zouave, who lost both feet and both k hands in tile slog of Sebastopol, with a r young woman of some property. The O. couple, It seems, . were engnged to be to married before the Zouenv left for Sebas topoi: and when lihe came back, so fright o fully but so gloriously mutilated, his be e trothed generously declared that she would keep her word. The marriage was at . tended by the Governor of the Hotl and hiis staff, and by all the invalids. The Em p, peror and Prince Jerome causedthemselves f to be represented byaides-de-camp, and the Empress by a lady of honor. After the ceremony, the Cross of the Legion of , Honor was presented to the hero in the I, name of the Emperor, and a valuable pre s sent to the bride in the name of the Em sf press. Tile Zouave has, besides, been ad o mitted to thie Hotel des Iuvalides, and ,. promoted to the rank of sub- Lieutenant. n Gallgnani. f( An ingenious down-easter, who has In ls vented a- new kind of " Love-letter Ink." )t which Ihe has been selling as a safeguard of against all actiois for breach of. promise of d marriage, in so miuch as it entirely fades d from the paper in two months after date, 11 was recently "done.brown" by a brother sg down-easter, who.purchased a hundred r, boxes of the article, and gave him his note is for ninety days. At the expiration of tile r. time the Ink inventor called for payment, to but,.ou unfolding the scrip, found nothing as but a blank piece of paper. The note had o, been written with his own ink. Id Mr. Watts has produced an admirable io description of paper from wood shavings :a and bran, and has obtained a patent Is for it. The increase of deaths per 1000 soldiers . above Great Britain is 5 In Gibraltar, 33 a. I1 Madras, 42 in Bengal, and 98 in tihe an West Indies. so At the Crystal Palace, lately,some foolish iy boys have amused themselves by jumping at on the backs of the "extinct" animals; and y one, more daring than the others, seated ly himself upon tle extreme end of the long 0- snout of the pleosaurus, and the animal, id not accustomed to such indignities, not inl n. tended for suchnell uses, soon showed several re unmistakeable signs of fracture about a sy rominent portion of his system, his pro of boscis. a Experiments are now making in Tonll s, bridge, with a view to ascertain whether of the expense and labor of worklngon granite a- or other hard stone may not be obviated by lie the induration of sandstone, by a chlemical n process. Sir Roderick Miurchison's opin'o.i s: Is strong as to the success of the scheme, sg and he describes the process as almost in at stantly changing the softest stone into an In Imperishable rock. Tihe carver will then :d have all the advantage of soft stone in Iis it, work, and when finished it is easily ren ds dored almost Indestructible. uif Is drowning a painful death P Sir Ben. t- jamin Brodle, in his "Psychological Inqui so ries," says not. A frienn of the great sur. be geon, who nearly lost "his lifo in this id manner, says that the last thling which he ad remembers is looking at the pebbles and ve weeds at theo bottom, of the river, with to little or no fear of what -was about to p- happen, and nobodily suffering. To Illus. Id trate the calmness with which people die, er Sir Benjamin says that, in his own experi re. ence, he has known but two instances do in which in the act of dying there ro were manifest - Indications of a. fear of p. death. ad The "Post" thinks, that in regard to the id much mootod question as to whether a bon; so net should be :worn on the ' head or. off it, s- it may not be amiss to take advantage of co the actual presence of her Imperial Ma e- jesty, who is said to havelIntroduced this to popular feminine eccentricity, to place on at record that, ." althoughithe bonnet of the ai. Empress Eugenio displays' fully her fhei ad and hair, it does not convey to the beholder li- the idea of its being likely to fall from the tie head behind, but rather seems to cling to, o- and support, tile altr in that position. This va gives a lightness and grace of carriage to le the head totally distinct from that bold et ness and barefacedness which have charnc n- terised tihe English adoption of the French Imperial fashion:' py EDUCATION AMONG JUareEN.-A par he lianmentaiy return just published shows that, ge In Hertfordshire in 1851, there were 422 us coroner's inquests; in 1852, 466; and in we 1853, 527 ; and that in the three years just in specified, 195, 294, and 112 jurors were he unable to sign their names. The proper 00 tIon Is much larger in Gloucestershire, 00 where In 1851, 422 Inquests were hold; In rs 1852, 406; and In 1883, 627; whilo in the r8 first-mentioned year, 1260; In 1802 1188; 01 and in 1855, 855 jurors lad a mark oppo sier Ite their names. In the borough of Her 'e ford during 1801, 1852, and 18503, there oyF were altogether 06 Inquests. and the grati fying faet appears that all the jurors were Icsable to wrlte. . STuaRsassor JonatanasS.--Thlo Shiellds ot Ganette says:-" During tie past slx years is- the proprietors of this newspaper have in Is vested no less a sum than 4,4001, not cash ot. In its establishment, thie whlolo'amount of ve 10,0691 received by the Gacette during that 'i period for news and advcrtisoioisnts (over a and above thie said 40001).having been ex It pended In carrylng It on aud Improving it. of .During anll this time the propriotors hdave os not received a slngloshllling Inreturn, even at, in the shape of interest on the capital In sd, vested. It Is now simply paying its way is and no more.:' -INDIsPOSITION OF TiHC t+RAKnU,-oIord Palmerston suggested the newspaper debate ont 7tit May, should be adjourned,, as the Speaker sias. evidently laboring ;under Indisposition. This was complied with,' nd'the house went into a committee of supply. At its conclusion, a lotter was read from the Speaker intimating that lie would be unable to occupy his postthat evenlng, and the matter was thus arranigedi." I tLO'd Palmerston.-I now beg to maove that a resolution of tihe iouse of the lit of August, 1853, be read. Tihe motion having been agree.l to, The Chief Clerk read the IollotiInat- ,. lThat, whenever the houIusllebllhabiformt d of the unavoidable absence of Mr. Speaker, the Chairman of the Committee of Ways sad Mteans do take the chair for that day ontly and inl the event of iMr. Speaker's absence contine. ing, for more than one day, ;do?LIf the house shell think lit, and shall so order It, itak'e' the chair in like manner on ah?' subsequent day during such absence." Mr. Filzroy then. took the chair, tanddthe house resumend. . MucHr OF A Mucunses.-It is difcult to say whetheris tihe worse, a desponding view of war, or a BIriglt one.: Novas, IVnNTsoiO.-T-lh former director of the Observatory at Prague, Dr. Krell, has in vented an ingenious instrument to measure the force, duration, and direction of enrihquakes. It consists of a pendulum so contrvled that whilst it ican move in any direction, it cannot return.. A perpendicular cylinder is attached, whichll, by means of clockwork, turns on it vertical axis in twenty-four hours. A'polo with a thin elastic arm is fixed near the pendus lum ; this arm points towards the cylinder, and presses on it gently a pencil, by which means an unbroken line is formed on the surface of the cylinder as long as tihe pendulum is at rest, L but, if it is put it motion by an eartlhquke, the pencil makes broken marks, which slow tihe gstrength, direction, and period of the earth= quake. JUtIES AT A Drscounr.-A return pre. sented to the Hlouse of Commons gives an ac* I count of the business of the Court of Session (Scotland) for tle patt year, 1854. It shows that, in tile "Outer Ilouse," 1408 causes were enrolled for the first time before the Lords Or* dinary ; that there were 497 decrees in absence, 002 final judgments pronounced in litigated causes, 222 causes ready for debate but not D heard, and 17 causes at 'uvisandum.' In the "Inner House," the number ofpclaimingnotes Spresented against judgments of tile Lords Or. dinary in the course of the year 18-44amounted to 306 (including both divisions) : the number of incideutal and summary applications pro sented during tihe same period, to 1097 (in both divisions); and tihe number of final judgments pronounced without the interveition of a jury, to 327 (in both divisions). The number of causes tried by jury in both divisions was 19, and the number of causes ready for judgment d 137, ofwhich 8 were jury cases and the rest if ordinary eases. Tithe most extraordinery fact a In the above statement is titm very small extent hto vwhichl the Scotcl litigants avail themselves r of the institution of juries in civil causes, alt d though it has been in existence forty years. 'Tl'l Scnuew.-On the subject ol the inven. tion of screw propulsion, Mlessr, lIalstead and Scott lussell have addressed a letter to. the daily papers in which they observe :-"Thi person to whose exertions this result 1 mainlot due, is Mr. Francis Pettit Smith ; and the nas tional service tius rendered has met with noi lo titer public recognition nor reward, Those , who have had thie hest means of knowing the it true value and extent of his services fhae united their efforts to remove this charge of national neglect, and have reqested us to sub 3 mit a statement of what tihery have already done oin this respect, and to oeicit;your support_ convinced tht whlcn it is knowithat.th natllon next in naval power to ourselves have awarded. c to our countryman the honorof thisgreat rnari c timo inproveument, ia own nation and govern Smoit will not continue to withlcld from him an d act of substential justice." EASTEu SNunca AT JRnuSALuv.-The usual fighting among the Latin and Greek pil. grims took place at Jerusalem on. Easter,. SSYunday, and Turkish soldiers had to be eta. tinned within the Holy Sepulchre to preserve. aorder. The Duke and D)utes of Bmbant and Sseveral travellers who were at Jerusalem re ceived thie extraordinary privilege of visiting t' the Mosque of Omer, tihe site of the Temple Cr which the Miahometans hold to be so sacred to that until this occason all Christains were most ,y rigorously excluded from it. The Pacha of Je- al rusalem, to protect tie visitors from annoyance, Shad all the guards of the Tenmple and the MIa. homeamn devotees who reside .there putsunder arrest during the time of their visit. One fa g natic, however, escaped (im custody and slgol. fled his disapprobation of the saenlege by loud 0 shrieks. Tihe Mosque is a most gorgeous odi -'. s flee, built in the octagon form, covered. withe. \- coloured tiles, and the dome bears marks of. having been glt. In the centre is a large rock wlich is railed in, and considered very holy, and underneath there is a chamberwhere they show the tombs of Solomon, Elias, and Abrahami, SThe number ofChristianswho wont in was very o large t they were all very orderly, and seemed d ery much Impressed with the hollness-of the- I ground on which they stood.-Letter from OCo stantlnople. n ,; Fa~ anU AND XEn Le JLII lOURNALSIN RlvU ssA.--A St. Petersburghl letter in. tle. Patrio is notices as a remarkable circumstance that sines the commencement of the war all the French >8 and English journals which used to be orer a hauled by the Censors have been allowed freely of to enter the capital, and to lie about on thu tables In all the carls. The London Punch and e the Paris Charivari, with their broad caric lures of everything Russian, are now the fa vourite reading in St. Petersburgh. Nicholas I., suddenly doing violence to tle habits of his whole life, and reversing the established policy ' of the empire, ordered sitortly before his death is the free adission of all foreign journals with n out distinction ; and AlexanderlL has itherto to s:netioned the continuanre of the innovation. e The object of the new measure is supposed to er be to excite the orthodox nobility againit the' o infidel enemy. "'You see how they Inault your a, Emperor, and how they speak of yourselvcs"' is Tile Censors from old habit, sometimes scratch out a few lines ; but as a goneral rule, all the Paris and London papers may now be seen un mutiluted.l lC IauAnmcnLE AnaoLrT.--Tho following : ih letter appears in the Counmnt: "Ochtertyre, Crieff, April 28. Sir,-Ou the evening of the r- 23rd, about 9 p.m., an areolite or falling star C, was observed from an upper window by onto of . 12 my domestics. Site immediately informed a in lady resident in my family, whose stateinent of It the ocecurrence was as follows:-about 9 p.m. re on Monday, 23rd April, I was called to look'at what was said to be a star which had lallen, and which was lyingon the gravel. Upon going to a window overlooking thie plaeo, I atonce saw In nbright objectlying t i had the nppearaneneof tO a large diontotld upon which the sun.iias a- no longer perceive tihe lerigiItubljeet. WVhiler ro searching for it, I suddenly feltsomctbingwram .- under my foott and here were found several ro small pieces of scorious matter, which were stilt hot, and emitted a strong selpbumus odour..v Is The scorlc picked up were about twelve in n tumber, and tlte lnrgest abouet hre-q'tarsers or' an inch its length, of un- iric ulur. clneritlous . f tormandtolour,and bearing the appearunce of i of notuppetr toha been broken In tile fall ge It n~ely);ns they were roundel by fusien. From tu tio liequiris I levtomade, I beliove this to boet \- trine statement of lte wi r obserrodt um, t. W.rKeith duaray, rholtdi pbt sO sbitehel sh t, I rnC OlToS+ sn ElaMIN 5taqd·L,·in~~Satdjto 