METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From the Liverpool Albion.) London, Saturday Evening, December 4. THIS has been the dullest day since the excitement consequent on that miraculous incident which didn't take place, the fall of Sebastopol, which seems now to have left off falling, and to be at a stand still at length. How long such statua quo is to last nobody knows, and every body has seemingly left off trying to imagine. The community being disappointed in what they had so ardently set their minds upon in respect to the capture of the Crimean stronghold, have put their wits to work to conjure up all sorts of fantasticalities for the supposed comfort of the soldiers and the dissipation of their own ennui, and in nine coseB out of ten are told they are fools for their pains. And so with Borne more serious aspirations also, on some of which a few words may not be out of place, as likely to suggest what should be in place. _ The public os well as the Ministry seem in a fair way to have had their head turned by the multitude of ingenious devices poured upon tho general ear in the newspapers. Some suggest balloons to overlook Sebastopol ; others secret service money to undermine the Muscovites, and worm the knowledge of their weakness out of them ; others again the investiture of the pince at all sorts of points but the point hitherto aimed at; then arrives Nasmyth with his wrought-iron ordnance for doing damage on a hitherto unparalleled scale ; and, finally, comes the son of the patentee of the steam gun offer- ing to throw a never-ending cataract of balls one ton weight each from a distance of five miles, and BO batter down all the fortresses forthwith without losing a single man to the assailants. It is now exactly thirty years ago, almost to a day, since the steam-gun was first exhibited in London, and was pronounced by the wise ones of the time as certain to render all future wars impossible, for a single battery, craned with a single weapon of this sort must sweep fleets, armies, fortresses, and everything else before it, and itself and its defenders be perfectly unassailable. And so it seemed to all who saw it, and to some who were supposed capable of seeing considerably beyond their nose, including the Duke of Wellington, who had tolerably long range in that respect, both nasal and mental ; but why these seers didn't turn theirjpercep tion to some practical account at the moment there is no saying. Not only was the Duke then omnipotent, because .supposed to be omniscient, in all military matters, but ho was Master of the Ordnnnce, and not only continued so for some time, but subsequently became Premier, while the gun retained its popularity as one of the most singular sights in tho metropolis, as indeed it did till the break up of the Adelaide Gal- lery, in the Strand, where it used to be exhibited. Nevertheless, the Duke did not do anything for Perkins, though he admitted the merit of his invention, whose simplicity was certainly not less extraordinary than its potency ; and it is bath these qualities combined which the present Mr. Perkins says should induce its immediate adoption by Government. It is formed by merely introducing a barrel into the steam gene- rator of any engine, and, by the addition of two pipes towards thc chamber of the gun, introducing a quan- tity of bulls, which, by the action of a handle in the chamber, are dropped into the barrel and fired, one by one, at the rate of from 400 to SOO balls per minute. At least this was the rate they were dis- charged at in London ; and such was the explosive force employed that the bullets fell ofT from the iron target as tint and as thin as a sixpence.' Of course almost any amount of force might be used, with balls of any weight, and-with similar results ; and if, in the manner which Mr. Perkins says he is now prepared to act, with balls of a ton, or the twéntieth part of a ton weight, Sebastopol, Cronstadt, Helsingfors, Swea borg, and all the rest of those cosemated curiosities would be as effectually destroyed, and almost as speed- ily, as if an iE tn a or Vesuvius were to disgorge its ig- neous annihilation on top of them. The item chiefly suggestive of doubt about the business is'that Kussia.-ever on the look-out for con- trivances in the wholesale' homicide line, has not availed herself of this, which she would have been pretty sure to have done had there been any real working capability in it. ' So, she would have done with the Warner inventions, could the Captain have been prevailed on to sell them ; and the story of his not having done so has been told . more thin once in these columns, though doubtless the reader has for- gotten all about it,for at the time the were idea of war of any kind seemed just as chimerical ns his alleged machinery, for bringing it to a close in a twinkling. Had he been alive now it can scarcely, be questioned that the whole aspoct of the conflict would have boeu changed, that whoever possessed his secret would have had advantages which nothing could have counter- balanced on the other side, at least by sea. Putting out of consideration altogether the long rangea it is clear, from the blowing up of the John O'Gaunt, that the invisible shell placed, as is proposed, like buoys, but just under woter, would have sufficed to block up the entrance of all harbours ; and that a few dozen of thesb would have sealed up the Russian fleet in the north, and the Russian fleet in the south,- preventing Sinope, among other nuisances, and leaving our fleet at liberty to be of somewhat more active use" that un- luckily has been the case. On the other hand, it- is equally clear that if Russia had. had the secret, and could have buoyed her harbours, with the invisible shell, our Admiratly would have done less than they have in the aggressive line, and might spare them- selves the trouble of trying to build now tliose gun- boats which they ought to have had ready nearly twelve months ago. However, apoplexy has removed the Captain and his secret too, and therewith has also removed all necessity for speculations of tliis kind, leaving Perkins master of the field as the boldest of all contemporary undertakers of the demolition of Sebastopol Pending the possible pitching in of ton-weight balls, projectiles are flying amongst our- selves scarcely less alarming than woulc be one of these most amazing missives. The talk o: the growing dissatisfaction of the allied army with the Crimean campaign is spreading apace, and some awk- ward rumours, long in vague circulation, are begin ning to assume a circumstantiality' considerable more niauant than pleasant. At the great Glasgow meeting, the other day, Urquhart, with his usual super- Carlylish intolerance of shams, embodied a whole heap of these in a few sen- tences, and left them to his astonished hearers to digest as they liked. Alluding to the well known re- port as to a certain British officer refusing to work in the trenches, he individualized him at once, saying, he saw no use in concealing what many already did know, and what every one might know if they took the trouble to enquire. Lord Forth, said he, is the man ; he did not refuse from want of courage, as his former conduct sufficiently proved ; and Lord Ruglan, instead of ordering a court-martial, simply requested him to leave the army, also ordering the Duke of Cambridge from the Crimea, after a council of war. Who is Lord Forth, you ask ? Why he ia the son and heir of the Etrl of Perth, and therefore comes of a parentage which may be supposed to warrant even such eccentricity ns a refusal to work in tho trenches. Lord Forth's mother was widow of Napoleon's famous general and biographer ; Ripp, who, at Austerlitz, routed the Russian Imperial Guard, taking Prince Rehnin prisoner, and held Dsntzic, with consum- mate skill and resolution for his master, till the garrison, having eaten thtir horses and their saddle- bags, cartouch-belts, and everything that admitted of mastication, were starved into capitulation at the end of nearly two years, a fact whose remembrance ought to mitigate the impatience of some of our civil critics for the surrender of Sebastopol. Perhaps, however, it is the remembrance of it ou the part of the son ol' the wife of the defender of Dantzic that led to the es- capade in question ; for what is said to have produced the resistance referred to is, not so much disgust with the sufferings consequent on the siege, as a conviction of its inutility,-a persuasion that the expedition was never meant to succeed or it would have been despatched in a proper time, properly equipped, and with proper reserves to support it. Urquhtrt de- clares, aad in matters of fact he never deals in fiction, that it was said to him by one of the highest legal authorities in the country, (who could it be, Truro or Lyndhurst, or Brougham, or perhaps Plain Jack him- self?) at the time war was beginning " My only hope is that tho soldiers will not stand it ¡" while certain military celebrities said to him, " What can we do ? the people are mad for this war," and one of the letters read from Eupatoria, ran thus :-" We wonder why we are sent out here now, after all the objects of the war (freeing the Principalities) have been attained. I believe that Russia wishes us to come, that when we are involved, and cut off from getting reinforcemeHts, she may bring down an army to crush us in overwhelming force.' Then, he adds, as a rider of his own by way of explaining those hobbies i of other people, ""your officers fee), what no officer in the service of Britain ever felt before, that they were j sacrificed to serve the sneaking designs of _ a Cabinet ¡ or the criminal purpose of a Minister." Still harping on my daughter ! The ubiquitous speaking of Palmer- ston is ever present to the mind's eye of David, and nothing can happen throughout creation that the member for Tiverton isn't at the bottom of it, that is, if ignominy to England or credit of any kind to Russia is to turn up. Surely the Home Secretary will now do something to bring his accuser to account ; for, seriously, the iteration of these charges is telling fast, as any one with an eye in his head might see at the prodigious Kossuth gathering here on Wednesday last, when the proposition for the impeachment "of the delinquent was received with a roar which would give a less nervous alarmist than either an Alison or Croker a rather startling reminder of certain historic episodes in the first French Revolu- tion. Urquhart hns already laid himself open to the law in his efforts to dissuade the Circas- sians fromreceiving any sort of assistance from England or our Ally ? and his allegations now, that not only are certain military officers in the Crimea opposed to the business that they are engaged in, but that certain legal functionaries expressed a hope that the soldiery would mutiny, is much too grave not to challenge investigation in the Queen's Bench. However, whe- ther the Attorney-General act or not in that direction, the public mention of Lord Forth and the Duke of Cambridge will cause tho matter to be canvassed in Parliament most probably the very first night of tho session. Lord Forth's father, the Earl of Perth, is only a Scotch peer, and not in the Houso of Lords, but he has relations who are ; and these will doubtless be au thorised to give any explanations that may be neces- sary as to the conduct of the young ensign of the 42nd Foot, who declared it infra dig, to take Iiis turn in the trenches. Considerable caution will bo requisite in dealing with the case, as far as Ministers are con- cerned ; for Perth is a peer of France, or at least is Duke of Melfcrt and Count dc Lussan, besides being husband of Rapp's widow as aforesaid ; und it might be awkward, just now that the entente cordiale is so . vivid, to say anything derogatory to the heir tb such honours, and who moreover is allied to certain irri- tabilities of the Opposition in the Peers, the Duke of Richmond for one, inasmuch as the Perth (Drum I mond), family is descended from the ' 12th heritable thane of Lennox, whoso sister was Annabella, Queen, of Scotland. Perhaps, after all, it may turn out that Forth' wouldn't work merely because he couldn't.,^ Ile was born in Naples, and is still under twenty-two, .circumstances which may account for his inability to sustain the hordships of life in a fortified camp during a Crimean winter, without tracing his repugnance to any abstract notions about the policy of the War. But this won't explain away the omission of the court martial on his conduct ; and still less will it explain why the Duke of Cambridge lett the camp for Constantinople. It is not pretended that he was ill, however indisposed to run the risk of becoming sc from other causes than the casualties of battle, which he has disregarded bravely enough ; so much so that the first paragraphs of the dispatch published this evening are made up of hiB praises on those who distin- guished themselves atlnkcrmane, his henchman, Major the Hon. James Macdonald, better known in the west end world as " Jemmy Mack," and said to hove more lives than a cat, coming in for the special praise of the Commander- in-Chief, no doubt most deservedly so, though doubtless also a little in compliment to his Koyal Highness. All honour to the Duke, howevtr, for signalizing, in this despatch, the " spirited exertions of Assistant Surgeon Wilson, of the 7th Hussars, at a critical mo- ment, rallied a few men, which enabled them to hold their ground till reinforced." Some credit is being given to Raglan, as the first commander who ever mentioned a non-commissioned officer by name ina despatch, our oblivious public altogether forgetting that Napier repeatedly mentioned privates in his dis- patches : and apropos of " the Bearded Vision that . . swept Scinde," some people at home remark- that he wasn't made a Field Marshal, nor even a peer, nor even a baronet, though he fought á few fights in his time, and fought them with some generalship tco, and was never taken unawares, much less entirely by surprise, though dealing with an enemy skilled beyond all othera in the science of sudden attacks. But, be that as it may, to the Duke of Cambridge belongs the m1, rit of being the first, in a public»despoteh, to "speak in the highest terms" of one most deserving, but most ill-used, unappr elated, and worst paid class of public servants in the em- ployment of trie executive-the assistant army sur- geons, thoiigh perhaps their brethren of the navy aie still worse treated and equally deserving. His Royal Highness will henceforth bo the pet of the profession.'- There will probably be half an entire Lancet devoted to his glorification this dav week j and Waklcy will pine awny into a ghost of" his present self with grief that he isn' t coming in for Marylebone if only for the purpose bf defending the Duke against all defamers. Too late to think of that now, however. The Commander of the Baltic is coming-in for the Metropolitan Borough, and his own broadsides hevor created more consternation than his presence is ex- pected to produce in the House, where he'll prove a very fire-snip, sailing about with double- shotted guns in the midBt of friends and foes. Any one who asks him a question, and many thee will be immediately put to him, is certain to receive an answer of the most explicit kind possible ; but to whom it may prove agreeable or the contrary the Admiral cares not. If it should so happen that any of his short comings have been attributable in any way to Lord John Rus- sell, Napier won't need to be asked anything, for he'll moke a clean breast of everything, off hand, and leave the noble individual of whom a reverend friend uttered the memorable mot about the readiness to command thc Channel fleet, to steer clear of the consequences of the exposure as he best may. But the audaciiy implied in the com- mand of the said fleet sink into insignificance in most people's estimation to-day compared with the noble Lord's assumption of the office ot (unfollowed) Leader of the Lower House, as indicated by his issuing the customary circular summoning Ministerial members to their party allegiance on the 12th. Esst session a session numbering more _ Ministerial defeats than probably any other since the Revolu- tion-that position was laughed at in a manner that would have scared any living being but the noble member for trie City from a re- sumption of the same ludicrous status. But, regardless of all things save what administers to a morbid self esteem, he assumes the van as a matter of course. In vain is the public mind running on the necessity of a change in the Cabinet, and bestowing never a thought on him in connexion therewith ; in vain is the Trea- sury bench menaced with defections greater than any yet experienced : he holdB on to the belief that he is the chief object in the general eye ; and he Bets about rendering himself so, as far as official typography can do it, as complacently as if the wish and the capacity were synonymous terms.._. 