LITURGICAL REFORM. (From The Patriot, September 28.1 Liturgical reform is becoming the subject of what, in 'the parlance of the day, is called a ' movement ' Numerous let tors have appeared in the daily papers,— and in some which do not ..usually gi.ye prominence to ecclesiastical topies - calling for 'alterations in the Church such portions of the Book of -Common Prayer as are appointed to be used at morning prayer. A society also has been formed for promoting the. object ; and preparations are being made for its regular agitation in. the Church and in Parliament. Among a people so religious as the English, such a. movement cannot but excite great interest. Beyond- the bounds of the Established .'Church; however, it wili be viewed by very few- persons' with .'any. direct reference to their own possible future eccle siastical position. There was a time when san guiue hopes were entertained that, by judicious corrections made in the various services and offices of the Church, many dissenters might bo induced to conform; but that time has gone by, we suspect, never to return. The Athuna siuu croon, wi in some oiner portions, used to be spoken of as tho main obstacle, by the removal or the reduction of which the least orthodox section of so-called Christian Nonconformists might be enabled to enter the fold of the Es tablishment without compromise. Modern Uiiitarianism, however, has gone too far upon the downward road of philosophical deism, to be brought back to the Trinitarian way-mark by: means of a few verbal changos. Though the Liturgy may be less evangelical than it seems, yet to reconcile to it either a Fox or a Martinoau, it would, require a complete meta morphosis. This, at least, is : quite certain, that the ' concessions which would suffice, to attract the Socinian, would only repel all others to a greater and more hopeless distance. ... But, in truth, were the disciples. of Belshnni and Priestly put out of the account, and those only of Owen and Howe, of Wesley and Whit field considered/it would, we believe, be futile to endeavor' to coax them over to the Establishment with any such lures. To say nothing of the de finite shape and decisive character which modern dissent hi-s assumed; entirely forbidding alliance with a Church which barters its birthright for a mess of pottage, neither among Congrogationalists nor even among Methodists do we discern reason to hope or to fear that any modification of liturgi cal forms would satisfy their scruples, and induce them 'to accept absorption into the Church of England. Among many sober-minded Congre-' gationalists, there prevails, indeed, a feeling (hat the devotional element is as much tjo rcstrictedanci subordinate in our service?, as it is tocextended and exclusive in those of the Established Church ; but this can be, and has been, remedied by more frequent prayer, without 'having '-recourse* to forms of prayer. The only point, perhaps, in which, with positive and unmitigated advan liigo, the example of the Episcopalians could bo followed by us is, in the more copious reading of the 'Word of God. But with respect to forms of prayer, we can detect little inclination to de viate from ancient practice ; on the contrary, we have seen the Liturgy, although, by free doms which public authority never checked, accommodated to 'the convictions and tastes of the congregations in question, laid aside in se veral chapels .vhere it had been used from the days of Whitefield. In this respect, the follow ers of Wesley have been more perseverin' Yet tho Conference, with a longing desire to make theuseoftheLiturgy general, nay, .universal, has found the greatest difficulty in slightly in creasing the number of cln.pels where it is in use ; while, evenin City-road chapel, whereitused to be read by a full-robed priest, that duty is per formed now bya plain methodist preacher ; and the bulk of the Ronirrpont-inn «?» K. ,!:.,,.„ 1.1. :_i. :» quite enough, if they arrive before the commence ment of the extempore or ordinary service. Both tie lengthened sermon and free prayer liave be come too deeply rooted in the habits of all classes of evangelical protestant Dissenters, ever to be exchanged by them- for the formularies of the Established Church, and the curt; discourses of its eieigy ; especially by. the Methodists, to whoso '.lively' prayers the litanic. repetitions of the irayer- book,, however brief and apparently pas sionate, are no more like, than is the finest work of Phidias or Praxifeles to the breathing, movinc living m'un. s.-- °' But, although whatever alterations shall be made, will be '.made at -the'. instance, and for the benefitof;,Churolimen,-. itr will.- be interesting to other Christians to measure, by .the nature 'and extent of such .alterations, the progress and ten dency of religious' life in the re-awakened body, as theroby. and .therein1., manifested. The pro bability' 'is',' that the' expectations, and-perhaps the successes of the agitators for a change, will be governed, for the most part, by the proposals contained in the Blue Book which was ordered by the House of Commons to be printed,! on the motion of. Mr. Heywood. It is entitled, ' Alterations in the Book of Common Prayer, prepared by the Royal Commissioners for- the Revision of the Liturgy, in ] 089.' The 598 alterations then suggested throughout the Prayer Book, for the conciliation of the Noncon formists, would, if made now, be a practical acknowledgment that the evangelical section of the clergy is too strong for the Tractarian re- actionists, and that the former, so far from being extruded, must have deference paid to them as being, partly by their own increase, and partly through tho influence which they have gained over the town population, the really dominant party in the Church. The com mission comprised ten bishops, as many minor dignitaries, four professors, and six clergymen of lower degree. Among the most remarkable and most active members were Patrick, Tillotson, Burnet, Beveridgo, and . Stillingfleet . The Bishop of Rochester and the Dean of Gloucester, questioning the authority of the commission,' seceded. For six weeks, however, the others prosecuted their labours ; but, being opposed by convocation,' which manifested its disposition by rejecting Tillotson and tshoosing a high church man, as prolocutor, the result was abortive. The bread, thus cast upon the waters, appears after many days; after the lapse, in fact, of more than a century and a-half. For some knowledge of the process through which tho principal proposed changes were obtained, we, are indebted to the private diary of Williams, afterwards Bishop of Chichcstcr, which accompanies the official docu ment. The spirit of the alterations may be easily indicated. 'Priests' was to be changed to ' Presbyters,' and ' Sunday ' to ' Lord's-day,' ' Most gracious ' and ' Most religious and gracious' were to bo expunged, as epithets ap plicable to the reigning Sovereign; and 'Royal Highness,' from before the names of other members of tho Royal Family. No fewer than sixty-six Saints were to bo struck out of the' Calendar. The Apocryphal books were to be expelled from the services. The surplice was regarded by all as ' a matter of tho least con sequence,' to be continued only as ' a decent anil ancient habit,' which might, in case of strong scruples be by leave, dispensed with. Something similar was to bo done about the sign of the cross in baptism. ' Godfathers and godmothers' were to be converted into simple ' sureties ;' and parents were to be permittud to answer for the religious training of their own oflapring. ? Doubtful facts were no longer to be afilrni'ed without due qualification: '? the Apos tle's Creed,' ' the Creed of Athanasius,' ' the Prayer of St. Chrysostom,' and other docu ments, were to be described as ' commonly called' by those names. The forms of ' Abso lution' in tho Morning and Evening Prayer, and in the office for the visitation of the Sink, wore so to be explained and modified as to preclude the supposition of unconditional official authority to remit sins. As if in antici pation of the objections of the Peace Society, the Prayer-book was to be cleansed of its pugna cious spirit. Instead of ' Because there is none1 other that fighteth for us but only Thou, O God,' it was proposed to substitute, ' That we may servo Thee without fear all the days of our lives.' Yet, had these proposals taken cfiect, they would have provided for the present emergency, by the insertion, in the prayer for the Queen, of a petition that God would 'direct nil her counsels to His honour and glory, and bless all. her riyhleous undertakings ;' but they would have strengthened tho qualifying epithet by the omission of those warlike words, ' Strengthen her that she may vanquish and overcome all her enemies.' The Litany, which by most, critics is allowed to be the finest and most evangelical portion of the whole Service-book, was submitted to nume rous alterations and additions adapted to enlarge its scope, to improve its tone, or to infuse still greater scriptnrality into its sentiments. It was never to be sung, and wa3 to recognise the Holy Ghost as ' our Sanctiflcr and Comforter.' 'In- fidelity and error,' ' impiety and profaneness,' 'superstition and idolatry,1' ?' revenge, rash cen. sure, and contention,' 'drunkenness and glut tony,' ''sloth and mis-spending : of our time/ ' lying and slandering,1' 'vain swearing, cursing and perjury,' ' covetousness, oppression, and all injustice,' — were comprehended1 among the sins to be deprecated. 'Sudden death' was to be changed into 'dying suddenly and unpre pared ;' and ' cross and passion ' into 'i^nQdmi fill flir* nvr\&a; '. f ' .'Rir rlurnnnl-iuiini I« tcrccssion at the right hand of God,' was to be introduced among the pleas ! address ed to our Lord. Intercession was to be made for ' all that arc persecuted for truth and righte ousness' sake ;'' and, as if to give ''up the exclu sive claims of .Episcopacy, the words, .'and this in particular of which we are members,' was in terpolated in the petition for the Church. ? In those for the Sovereign, 'giving her a pros perous and a happy reign over us.'f. would^ have taken the place of ' the victory ? over all her enemies ;'' though, again, as .with a prophetic spirit, the adoption of the proposal, would have given Queen Victoria thc-benefit of' a prcyer, that ' it myht please God to take her 'Majesty's forces by. sea and land into His most gracious protection, and to make them victorious over all our enemies.' Several improvements and cnlargaments were made in the occasional ' Praj'ers 'and Thanks givings,' and many in tho Collects and special Sunday or 'Lord's-day' services. ; The title of 'saint,' as prefixed to the names of evangelists, and even of apostle's, was struck out ; w.lulo all the more important alterations of the text are characterised by a greater richness and fulness of evangelical sentiment, and by the copious em ployment of Scripture language. The same re mark is applicable to the revised form of the Special Services. _ In the order of the administra tion of the Lord's Supper, (the more frequent observance of which is stronglv recommended,) the Beatitudes are introduced, with a response after each ; but, instead of being shut up to the necsssity of tedious reiteration of the same form; the option was to be given of using a varied set of responses suited to each Beatitude', Instead, also, of driving the people from the Lord's table, by menacing unworthy communicants with- the literal fate of Judas, ' body and soul,' they were to be simply warned! lest, by ' profaning that holy sacrament, they ' should draw down the heavy displeasure of God upon them ; ' and such as should desire to communicate; but he deterred by a sense of particular unworthiness, were ex horted to open their grief to some minister of God s Word,' not that, they ' might receive the benefit of absolution,1' but' only ' such spiritual advice and comfort as might tend to the quieting of their conscience.'.' The subject of ' kneeliun' at the Lord's Supper was debated, with an evident desire to relieve tender consciences, but without any clear and positive result. In the Ministration ot Daptisni, likewise, several alterations were in troduced, some of which haye been incidentally noticed ; but it is more than doubtful, whether they are such as would satisfy the antipcedobap tists, or even the opponents of Baptismal Itcgcne rjLf.inn A onrtHriiiiiY ¥n TXT! 11 1,. ? — 1 ? ? - admitted to be. 'hard to find an instance of a child baptised before St. Cypriah'i time ;' while, as to the opus operatum it was felt, that; ?' if there were not more hi baptism than the outward washing, it would give away the cause to the Anabaptists.'' The Catechism was freely deeded with, one of tho alterations advertising candidates for Con firmation, that only ' upon the performing of their part, they might most certainly believe that they were (therein) sealed by tho Holy Spirit of God unto Ihe clay of their redemp tion. In' the Form of Solemnization of Matri mony, several very needful corrections were made. The Order for the Visitation of the ?Sick was- (imended, not merely by a modified ;form of 'absolution, but also by prefixing thereto a searching series of questions to the moribund ; ,and, though (with . a 'query' on the word ' pronounce') the words of authoritative absolu- . tion were retained, yet, they were qualified by' the., clause, .'upon thy true faith- and' repentance.1' In , the Order for the Burial ; of the Dead, 'take out 'of'*' .this world,' was substituted for ' take unto Himself;' and 'a firm belief'' for ' sure and certain hope.' In the ' Commi-' nation,' the ' curaes' out of Deuteronomy were erased, and their place was supplied with New Testament blessings. Only in the forms of' prayer to be used at sea were no' changes found necessary. Attempts were made to' accommodate the question of the validity of the then Episcopal' order3 tothe claims and scruples of the' Presby terian ; or other divines; but, as in the case of' most compromises, not with eminent, sue'eess. Last of all, in the Servico for the Thirtieth of January against the words, ' tlie shedding.' whereof (?', e. the blood of Charles 1.) nothing but the. blood of thy son can expiate,' waB set the discreet- observation, 'This- may be said of every sin, aud is, therefore, the less proper.' 'There was remaining,' notes Williams, 'the form of subscription, but it was forgot ; and ex communication was spoken of, but it was, too late. Rose up sine die.' 