5 ' THE FIRST MENSCHIKOFF. "Tiiis windows of the palace of the Kremlin, at' .Moscow, looked into an immense square surrounded : by magnificent buildings, con taining different offices connected with the court.- ..The young Czar,, Peter the First, was very fond of looking out and. observing what was going ori, for the square' was a thorough fare for the-people, as the Place de Qarrousel is at Paris; at the corners most distant. from, tlie palace several merchants on a small scale, had established their little .booths, their cus tomers being chiefly soldiers, who frequented the spot. Amongst these was a wretchedly poor man, with a family of, young children, the eldest of whom was a. boy named Alex ander, who, in the midst of poverty and priva tion, contrived to keep up the spirits of all ardund him by his, unceasing good-humour and frolic! The calling, of his father was that of a pastry-cook/ and his chief tvares were certain hot patties which found'favdur in military eyes, particularly when seasoned by the funny ac tions arid sayings of,' young- Alexander. He was generally surrounded by. a laughing group, 'which the Czar watched, with a feeling almost approaching .to vexation, his .state preventing- him from descending' into the square and hear ing the jokes which provoked so much hilarity. Alexander wept all over the town with his .-|;a'tie3, and if it happened that he delayed the usual time of arriving in the palace, square, the Czar Peter was disappointed, so accustomed had he become to see the joyous countenance of the lively .young/pastry-cook, rand .to hear his merry laugh ringing in the. air. - Alexander was ageneral favourite, with ..the soldiers, who looked for; him as eagerly ' as their master, whom they. little thought. was. a witness of their sports. It. happened' one ;day that the Czar had been detained by soriie business longer than usual, ari'd ' wits hurrying to his :window . to. look, out for -Alexander, when he was startled- by.piercing cries proceeding- from 'the Bpot where the little pastry-cook took his star.d. He perceived the young hero struggling under a good beating, which he was receiving from a sullen soldier of the royal guards, who had felt himself insulted by some of the spoilt favourite's:sauey remarks. Alexander exerted his lungs to the utmost, while the soldier con-- linued to knock him about brutally, when- sudderily one of the Czar's officers appeared with a royal order that the boy should be instantly released, and, moreover, accompany him to the presence ' of Peter himself. Alexr ander made not the slightest resistance to this comiriand. -Although .there were tears on his dirty little round cheeks, and, his eyes.were sparkling with' excitement, the jpyou-riess of his heart .sitone forth in his countenance. , To /every 5questi6ri'(th'at theYnonarch,ask,edhe.gave some jocose answer, and Peter, wishing to se-: cure ' a source of overflowing. ' entertainment, attached the young ; merchant . to / his . service, .who/from that day! was namedas one p'f his pages. ' - . ' .; I When Alexander 're- appeared before ; his master in the splendid and., becoming dress which he had exchanged for rags, his. chjldish. beauty so delighted 'the yriung ''Czar," 'thrifc' henceforth he could riot ' bear him- out of his sight; and none- but 5 Alexander Menschikoff, as he was- then styled," tKe name having' been given by the Emperor, "was 'permitted 'to enter the private chambers' of ' royalty. In fact/so dear did his society become to' his bentfactor, that he would not part with it even oil grave occasions,5 and the hold arid ready, favourite did riot shrink from 5 mingling5 with Ministers," 'and even 5 joccsely 5 offering .his "opinion, in a .manner that frequently entertained the whole' court riot a little! No one looked oh hint with either fear or envy, for his .'go'bdthumour arid readiness' to., oblige disarmed the most severe, till, at length,- those whb had rinything"tri gain;' saw their advantage in5 making use .of liis'in- te'rest with- the Czar,- which' he employed so adroitly that he generally gained' any point lie' wished to carry; ' He soon' became 5 so good a courtier, that he contrived to put' ideas and' resolutions 'of his own into5 the mind 'of the Czar, who adopted tlieiri as original with' the greatest self- complacency. ' , ' . While Menschikoff was/yet ih his' po'sitirin of page! he-happened orie day"to' he' iri.'a puhlie- . house where two men were drinking and 'talk-5 ing confidentially; they had not' observ'ed his entrance, arid' a partition in the . chamber con cealed him! At first he scarcely noticed them, but presently -certain , words which' they dropped; and certain names which they uttered,', attracted his. attention. He listened, and dis covered that these were conspirators in a plot, headed by Prince Airiilkar, to. depose the Czar; -and learned. tliat its execution was , to be .at tempted without , delay.. : -As < noiselessly ashe had entered, -he quitted the public-house, and hurried to his master, 'to whom he related the facts'. - Before they . had .finished the, bottle civerwhich they had so imprudently gossippad, the' .two conspirators were arrested. Prince Amilkrir, and all those whose names had reach ed the ears of Alexander . were also seized. Summary.Russian justice was executed on the i guilty parties, and the throne of the Czar was saved. , Riches, honours, and power, were 'showered on the discoverer, and subsequent seirvices, both in the , state and ' the armies of the Czar, earned for Menschikoff increasing -credit arid; ceaseless additions of fortune. A private obligation had, however, more weight perhaps with Peter than all thejreul benefits he received from his intelligent and certainly attaohed favourite' ;' and this Menschikoff had the opportunity of rendering. . . . . . Alexander Menschikoff had perhaps already laid his plans both for the happiness of his sovereign and tlie consolidation of his own fa'-, vour. He iritroduced to the Czar a lady whom he; had attached- to himself, and whose genius, wit, and beauty, ho felt sure would drive from the mind of Peteif all traces of his lpve for .the ungrateful Anna'.' 5 Without hesitation lie gave up.bjs own claims to/ 'Catherine to the Czir. Catherine took advantage ,of her position, "ex erted ' herself' to ' charm her royal lover, riiiu succeede'd so well, that in a short time she was seate'cl ..oh' 'the throne Aiiria had disdained. The deVotod . attachment of Peter to his new Czarina never knew (liminutiori, anil his gratitude to his 'friend increased with his love for her who rendere'd' h'iin so happy. AH' that she. desired 'became his law ; and Menschikoff assisted him';to invent new ways of showing his fondness and admiration. I-le travelled 5with her through- every part of his dominions .inlt'riMmph/ .and'carried her with him to several foreign'co'urts. Catherine brought ;the Czar several children' ' and he felt, with vexation, that his son Alexius must take precedence of them, as the eldest. As he had latterly hated Eudosia, the mother of tho prince, so he now began to detest her son, and resolved to fake measures to set aside his claims to the succession. The family of- Lapuchin, meanwhile, thus thrust into' the shade, murmured in secret, and even tho ; rest of the imperial family joined in disapproving the meditated injustice of the Czar. Eudosia whose haughty spirit chafed under her innu merable wrongs, at once threw herself into the very heart of a conspiracy, which was soon formed in favor of her son. Although within the walls of a convent, she had yet. means to - communicate with the conspirators, arid se-' lected for her instrument a Boyard of " the pro. 5 vince of Bostoff, named Klebow, who was sin-' cerely. attached to her interests. 'Alexius was easily won to consent to head the rebellion! 51 against his father, partly insligated to do so by '' tlie recollection of a danger he had escaped by ; the- friendly interference of Menschikoff.- 'It. . happened when Alexius was only fifteen years ' old. Having ventured, by direction of the>- . nobles of the court, to remonstrate with his ! father on some injustice he had committed, it so ' " excited the fury of Peter, that he believed lie.' : : saw in his son a conspirator against his crown and his life. Giving way to such rage as de- prived him for some time of his senses, Peter commanded a scaffold to be erected in the palace-court, where, he insisted that the young prince should be executed at nightfall.' These -it terrific orders were delivered to Menschikoff ; whose duty was, without delay, to give . them to the proper persons who were to prepare for ' ' this unnatural vengeance. . , . ' ' However a icretly all was rriado ready,- the facts of the case became known to the soldiery, . and it was tlien that a noble, instance of self- . devotion was exhibited. A young soldier, of - the same, age and1 size as the prince/offered himself to Menschikoff as a substitute, declaring that to immolate, himself thus, to, save his. . ' master, would be his pride and glory. Menschikoff, who was a most unwilling actor in . the tragedy, accepted the sacrifice; and dressing the young man in the clothes of the Czarowitz, had him conducted to the scaffold and decapitated before the eyes of Peter, who stood at his window to see the act performed. - That night he had fallen into a heavy sleep, when Menschikoff, who always slept- in his chamber, was awakened by sudden cries, and, ,, rising, found tlie Czar in the agonies of -re- . morse, calling loudly on his son, arid command- - ing that he should . be restored to. him. The ' explanation that followed put. an end to the father's sufferings, and Alexius was .once more . ' given to his arms. >. Menschikoff ascended from' one grade of dignity to another/ til! he. became:a'Pfinee of - Russia, first senator, field marshall, and kriight '' of all otders of the Czar. Added to5 these; honors, the ex-pastrycook was created regent5 - of the kingdom during the absence .of his, ! master, and found himself at the head of bound- less power and riches incalculable.- It was said with truth that he could travel from Rigs, in Livonia, to Derbend; in Persia, sleeping . always ' in his 'tiWri dominions. / From all the " princes' who dreaded the power of the C-a-, 1 Menschikoff 5 also obtained his wish, arid; he could /when it pleased him, which was not Sel/ dom, exhibit on his bosom the order of .the. white' eagle, the blarik eagle, the elephant," arid many others which were laid at lus feet '.by. servile courts. The order of the Holy Ghost, ,v: however,, most coveted, he could, not' obtairt from' Fr'tiriee. He. was addressed 'qlwiiys: as highness, and5 treated in all resperi'ts as a royal personage,5 yet, all this time, clever; acute, far- seeing arid quick as he was/ lie 'had' ribt over- , come'the simplest difficulty of '"educatiph/and '' : opuld neVer either read or write." ' 5 r-" \- - Almost a monarch, Alexander" .Meri' chikoff saw no bounds to'his power; Kis, tyranny arid, - pppfessip'ri. advanced with it, 'till hosts of ene- : roies" sprung tip around hitri', where host's of flatterers and friends were; once seen. The Czar returned from one of his progresses to find that his favorite had aped him too far, and, for the first' time, was startled at the extraor dinary power he had himself created. No sooner did he begin to listen than accusations. ' poured in against Menschikoff's tyrannical go vernment, his extortions arid" severities. Amongst other things he was accused of hav ing, by fraudulent means, obtained a ruby .of fabulous value, which had been, presented: to him by a merchant to purchase. Peter con tented himself for the present with: seizing on the jewel, which- was no other thanithe great 5 ruby still shining in the Russian diadem, des- ' tined, perhaps, one day to take its place besido the Koh-i-noor. -< ' The' scales which had- fallen from the eyes of the Czar enabled him henceforth . to see clearly all those faults which had hitherto been- invi sible 'to' Kim in the idol, he had set up; but, though; he now saw, 'he' hesitated to punish, and/besides.his hand was' held back by a still' more powerful attachment, and the pleading of the Czarina Catherine could not be disregarded. Peter, however, ceased not to collect proofs of the crimes and misdemeanors of his late adored friend; and the tempest would probably have burst on the devoted head of Prince Menschi koff, had it not been decreed otherwise. Peter the Great died suddenly. This unexpected event took place in 1 728 — Household Words. Mr. E H. Hargreaves, the colebrated Aus tralian gold discoverer, was presented1 to the Queen at the third levee for the' "season, held f ; on Monday, March 19(.y . V, ', .' The .Late Sir:R. Pebl's Will.-— Tho Dfli'f News humorously disposes of the late ;Sir' B. Peel's political cap-tal in the following manner : — To his eldest son he left his landed/estates, and his legislative inconsistency.'. (To Frederick, his favorite, he devised a good round 'sum m consols, his love of blue books, his ungenial manners, and his liberal opinions.' To General Peel, for whom he always entertained a sincere respect, lie left his sagacity, his tory predelec- tions, (somewhat damaged by the fire of 1846), and a likeness, rather roughly painted, hut with, a good many touches of family resem blance about it. To Mr. Gladstone he be queathed his valunble volubility ; to Sir Jnme3 Graham his caution, which the right hon. gen tleman. i;nf<?"tunately mislaid, unaccountably soon after Sir Robert's death, and has never since been able to recover ; to Lord Aberdeen his blessing ; and to Mr. Cardwcll thirty-soven pieces and a half of red tape, to tic up his pa-, pers in virtue of his office as literary cxequtor But his statesmanship, that curiously com- , pounded and comprehensive quality, tor 'f1® sake of which lie was admired while living an is still revered though dead, — that which he undoubtcdly valued above all else that lie Pos" sessed beside — that which, if any man cou fairly lay a claim to, would make him rich in deed, — Sir Robert Peel's capacity for Bvcrn'", racnt is never once mentioned in his will. 