POLICE COURT—PORT ADELAIDE. Tuesday, July 31. Pigs Astray.— /«. H. Allen was charged with suffer- ! ing a certain pig to wander about the streets, and was ' fined in the mitigated penalty of 5s. and costs. j Isabella Steer and another were charged with having possession of three black cloth coats, two pair trousers, three muslin dresses, five pairs cotton stockings, and twenty pounds sperm candles, and not giving a satisfac tory account of the same. Police-constable Wyman deposed that on Sunday ) night he was on duty on the Company's Wharf, and at about l0 o'clock saw the prisoners leave her house (which is situate near Simpson's store) and proceed towards the railway station. After making the round of his beat, he returned to the prisoner's house, when | he saw the male prisoner concealing some bags in a j water-hole, which is within the enclosure. The female prisoner was keeping watch; after this they went to- gether into the house and brought some more parcels out, which the male prisoner put into the water-casks (which are sank in the ground) outside the door. After completing this, they both went into the house, and | deponent having set another policeman to watch the house, gave information of the circumstance at the police-station. He returned in company with corporal Hagerty, and searching the premises, found in the water-hole two bags of sperm candles, and in the casks discovered the coats, trousers, &c.;, which had been I sunk to the bottom by means of bricks. j Cross-examined by Mr Boykett, who appeared for i the prisoners- Some stolen goods had been taken from j the house on a previous occasion. Sergeant Card applied for a remand, on account of the absence of a material witness; and the Magistrate ! remanded the case until this day. Pawnrrokixg.— A charge was brought against J. \ Harris for exercising the avocation of pawnbroker 1 without a license. The facts of the case was proved, and the defendant • was fined 40s. and costs. ! Ghosts.—" Ghosts 1" says Thomas Hood, "no such thing in nature ; all laid long ago before the wood pave ment. What should they come for? The colliers may rise for higher wages, and the Chartists may rise for re form, and the abstainers may rise for then health, and the rising generation may rise : but that the dead should rise only to make one's hair rise, is more than I can j credit. Suppose yourself a ghost. Well, if you come ; out of your grave to serve a friend, how are you to help i him : And if it's an enemy, what's the use of appear- j ing to him if you can't pitch into him? : •Sovktjiixo Strange.—Half the evil in this world , comes from people not knowing what they do like, not ! deliberately setting themselves to find out what they j really enjoy. All people enjoy giving away money, for | instance ; they don't know that, they rather think they ; like keeping it ; and they do keep it under false impres- j sions, often to their great discomfort. Everybody likes , to do good, but not one in a hundred linds this out. , Multitudes think they do like to do ewil ; yet no man ever enjoyed doing evil since God made the world.— j Raskin. The Shaker.—Last week, says a French paper, a person named Picrrard, called the " tremhleur," up wards of ninety years of age, died in the district of Saint Murct-lbn. This man, a barber by trade, and formerly a drummer in the service of the first French Republic, commanded, as drum major, the drummers who were orclere by Santerre to beat a roll when the unfortunate Louis XIV. attempted to address the people from the scaffold, lie was called " the shaker," because every time that mournful event was mentioned before hint lie was seized with a violent trembling tit, which particu larly affected his head. i 