THE TOTAL ABSTINENCE SOCIETY. The anniversary tea meetingoflhe Melbourne Total Abstinence Society was held last evonhwr, in the run peranoe Hall, Russell-street. The number present was not so lar^o as we had anticipated, but nt tho public meeting the Hnll was quite full. Ssveral well kuo'vn advocates of the teinpomnee cause wore pre sent. Dr. Daniels was to havo addressed the meet ing,* but was called away. Mrs. Thomas was prevented by indisposition. Tho tables having been removed, Mn. RonsRTSiw, the newly olottal president, was unanimously: voted to the chair. Tho hymn com BH mencing — B| ' Vroni'MHImtilwull below the sklos, mt Lot the Ueitoomcr's pralso nrisu, M having bjan s:inj by the meeting, IP The Chairman said thai he appeared before the m meeting rather against his will ; but ha wWicd all Hi ? a happy new year, and much happinoss throughout II life. He was happy to know Hint tlioy worn in a very (H fair road to Imppinosi. Ho had been for tn-enty- ono ffif years atoelotallcr, and commended it to nil present. Hi ' ile had travelled throughout America, and had tested sB the principles on sna and on hind, and recommended «| it as the safest and best plan for all. But total fin abstinsnee was not nil, it was was not sufficient to Jf& save them from 'another nnd a greater evil, that ffg . would nt!ond tliom'bjyond this life. When ho wished ffla thorn n happy now 'year, it brought to his recollec §n tioii that time was rolling on; another year has gH passed away, and perhaps it would be well for them mt to consider, what they had had during the past year to IS provi-le for their peace, whilst passing. through this JSS world and for their happiness when they arrived at Jfi ' tho en I --f ihsir joiirnoy. It was said that they were fm in a wilderness; it was said that they were on a jfi jourmy, and ivlion ho looltel hack to tho days of his 11 childhood, it nppjarod to him but a dream. Wol! 'BBS ? has Burns said — MB; ' Thno Is lllcc ft snowdrop on llio river, KB ? ' A moment wlilto, thon lost for over. is When they loiko.l back upon tho past, it appeared but f|§ as yesterday, but when they looked forward it was a 'fij Tory different thing. They all anticipated along Ira lifa, hsnos all their ciuclessnoss about futurity. §H That was altogether wrong. They were very often §1! tantalized by very good meaning men and women, ?Wl .with sMtinir lotal- abstinence baforo the gospel. Hwl . rn~*,,i «,U;t,«,,,n,*£ nn'nr dill nnv sili'.h t.hinff. bu t if ?those persons .wv the gospel in a proper light, they 'would see tint it was a very dangerous thing to . drink intoxicating liquors. Tho question ?]\\\\(\ b3en put to him, whether u man 'under the influence of divine grace, and 'and' not a to'-nl abstainer, was not as safe as a total ' abstainer P Ho, did not answer that, but gave his ?opinion that Iib believed Divine grace was sufficient ; for overy purpose for which it was intended, but he '- could not see how Divino grace could keep a man ' ? sober, thut was determined to use strong drink. It , , was his opinion that a total abstainer was a sale man \ because ho took the plan of drawing himself away ? from other temptations. Dr. Singleton said that he had nothing new to . nay. He would advise total abstainers to follo;v \- on* in the same road, and attend to the same princi . plea which they had adopted. Ho was glad to see ' that one so judicious, ono who lovod his principles . so dearly, now occupied the position which ho had filled for th3 last five months. The situation of his family, living now in the country, precluded him from attending to his duty as president, but hecongra ? tula'.ed the society on having so judicious a successor and one whom ho believed was a believer in the everlasting gospel. The charge that total abstinonco tended to supersede the gospel was a libel on ono of , ~ the best, of causes — an enemy only could have uttered it and it had been refuted times out of number. Sta tistics proved .that eig'.it out ot ten ot wose who entered within our prison walls, were there, directly or indirectly, through tha influence of intoxicating drink. ' On last Sabbath, hu had been visiting the wnfchhouss, as' well as the prison, and on talking with some of those who had beou ennfinnd for drunk enness tho previous niarht, lie was greatly struck with thiir convictions. After a little reasoning-, and pointing out to them, that it would be good foe thsm, sosd for their health, -good* for their family, go)d for their' pockets, good' in every sense; of tho word, t)io majority signed the Total Ab stinenoo p'cd'e, with tho firm resolution that the last drop that they hud taken would ba tha last for good ? uno or two or uum nati oeen loiai 1 ' abstainers for some years afc home, but had, on coming o-.it, forsaken their principles on board ship. Ho congratulated the Society on tin* progress nindo during the year — S00 signatures had been taken by that soniijly alonii. At Brunswick 33 perso id signc'l the plfdjc last night, (cheers) and up.vards of 114 hive signed within the last three months. If that bo the case at Brinswick, and a similar result is taking p'aoo at North Melbourne, and also at Emerald Hill, and other parts round about Melbourne, and through out tliu Colony, they might exp?ct To'.al Abstinence principles to bo spoadily disseminated throughout Iho lonath and brca.kh of the land.-Thsir principles 1 woro rapidlv spreading throughout Sydney, Tasma nia, and Adelaide, and ho hopad that soon tho ma j irity of tha people would be in favor of excluding these drinks altogether from tho colony. Ho had had an interview with Chief Justice a1 Beckett, rc \- q'issting him to preside on that occasion ; he. could not do so,' on account of his health, but ho ex prose 1 his (irm aitnchment to their principles and nr- Iir:n ocncc uru uivy wuuiu spumi uiruu^nuui. i tho world. If unable to aid the society by his voice, ha would by his pan. (Cheers) lie expected ' a numbs.' of bo:iks out from home, which he ,, would m ike a present of to tho Society. (Cliecrs) ?When they saw the. many good men, and able iiJvo ciiio* of.tlieir cause, in England and throughout the world, they might expect an impetus to their prin ciples, and to sou them prevail on every side. The Itsv. Mr. Town end, after remarking that ho had boon twnuty-two yenrs a total abstainer, spoke' of the opposition he met from many of those who loved him. But nothing had- given him a greater pleasure, it had saved him . from a thousand snares. ?' ' He called upon those who could take a drop without getting drunk jto, abstain for the sake of others. One out of six in Christendom lifttl bean brought to degradation and douth by '' ' alcoholic beverages, lie believed that the time would como, wlion the emblem of the blood of the Redeemer would nit bs inebriating port wine. c (Civ. e*s.) After- dwelling on tho evils of drunken 1 Ties*, ho doslared hu belief that great success would llltlllil IUO III ''Ha Wl 1 IIW nvjiiiony llllilll^- lijio JfiHt. Ho miulo no aesrit of the fact, that he had mow ioa respect for a teetotaller, who made no pro'cMion of religion, tlvin for a wine-bibbing professor. (C:ccrs.) Ho concluded br announcing, Uiat if Mrs. Thomas did net arrive dnring tho evening, it would be on . ? account of i- deposition, as she had been speaking for (in hour and a half the previous evening. Rev Mr. Bbidlbi : a new arrival, pourtrayed some of tho characteristics of. the poor drunkard He was, remarkable for his extreme folly. He sj out o i , his money ?without having his money's worth. Jle iiint rmllfv t\€ fnnvrnl p.rinifl. rlninn1 linrm i.n Vile rturn body, and' to his own soul or mental faculties, and to society. Ho was also incapable of taking care of and guiding himself. It was commonly said, ' ? that preaching tho gospel was the only means of saving the drunkard. If what wore meant was that the gospel was the only means of saving him from thegnilt and consequences of sin. he would say, that that was quite right, but ho did not bsliove that tho gospel was the only menus oi bringing tho drunkard into » state of sobrinty. There were others who said, ' Let those who can, drink mode rately ,' but that he characterised as idle talk. The rev. gentleman interspersed his address with 1 ? several amusing anecdotes, bat anecdotes which forcibly showed the sad elfects of drink. Mr. Ghat, a Ballarat digger, nest addressed the meeting.' He had been gold digging for sixteen or seventeen months. The total abstainers had iut mult » iswciei^ ui- jDiiiinvni, wrucn nau ueon established uow about four months, and numbered over a hundred individuals. It had laboured under many disadvantages, and had had to ovor oomo many difficulties. The society had beou established hy a few obscure individuals —a few Sunday school teachers. Their most sanguine expectations had been more than realized, and had been encouraged by a good and respect a- l-!e attendance at their meetings until tho late disturbance, when the minds of the paip^e were too much occupied by other matters to attend to them. It was then considered advi s*ble to let the society drop altogether, and in the .nterini receive the services of eloquent and ta 1 ntcd lecturers for their cause. The late distur bance had originated in drink. Tho poar nnfortn aate individual Scobie was actnally drunk when laurdo!-ed. Ho then allnded to the great increase ''' drunkenness. on the gold fields, and stated his ''nvjotion that the s'.y grogshops were now driving e.° more thriving trade than ever. There was less * kot detection nov, as all the drunkards were n.'pposed to get drunk at the licenced houses. (Hoar, hear.) After speaking of the reform that was needed in the 'administration of the gold fields, he said that he would not' give a fig for any reform, If the people were all drunkards. |Tlie CirwiiMAN had not the least doubt but that the 'Committee would bo willing to cooperate with the Ballarat or 'any other' Society or body ot_ men who wished to advocate total abstinence principles, and would be very glad to hour of their success. Ititv. Ma. Lisdsat oxprnsed great satisfaction at seeing so mnny'lndies present, and, moreover, the renresentatives of the Press. He had a very treat re pect for the Press, and if their movement succeeded, it must he through tho ladies, and tho gentlemen of the. Pross. The olony was in a transition s!ato, and bofore it became settled, there must he a very great reform indeed. He believed the greatest reform would bo to do away with the drinking usages of society. He was pleased to seeso many Christian ministers present on this occasion, and he always felt regret when ho had to stand on the platform, without any otlier Christian minister save one who was present on that occasion. Ho had ;io sympathy with a drinking professor; .not the slighest in the world. He thought ? worsts of the professor of religion who was accustomed to take his little drops, than of ' tho ' most no torious, drunkard. Snoh a man was moro detrimental to the' cause in which they wero en gaged. Hu was very glhd to! find that one of the public journals was determined to go-a- head. IJo had a very high regard for that journal, and ho was very glad to find Unit a body of men, whom he muclvrespected, had bancljd together to keep that journal in existence. He was sorry to find the other journals did not render that aid which they ought to any great moral movement.. He looked upon tho Tomporance movemont as tho greatest of this or any age. Mr. Cathie had a firm belief, that during the coming year they would do more for the Temperance cause than they had in the past. He recommended a series of meetings, to be addressed exclusively by various classes of persons ; at one time by Sunday School teachers, and another by ministers of the Gospel, at another by diggers, carpenters, and so forth. He afterwards alluded to the unhappy effects of drink on Byron, on Burns, and on Sheridan. He then spoke of the state of the funds, and that the increased exertions of the society, would call for an extended liberality amongst its mem bers. A newspaper that wished to follow in the track of the Sandridge Advertiser, and which he thought might possibly follow its steps, had said that a certain leading man iu the Total Abstinence Society had boon a sly-grog seller in New Zealand, and that he had run away from them because that place was too hot for him. He had endeavoured to find out the man, but had not been successful, but he wondered whether it were a drunken barrister or not. Then there was a very fine sketch on the Temperance Society. It said that they were not good financiers, because they were in debt. He was not quite certain, but that the Herald would have to give up the ghost with all its knowledge of finance. The Society was in debt, but it had a large and spacious hall, and a piece of ground at the side, on which ultimately they may erect a Temperance Hotel. They had moreover, all the machinery of a Temperance Society, and a brass band in the bargain; and with the whole plant they were only £253 in debt, and that in golden Melbourne. After singing, and an appeal to any present who had not taken the pledge, to do so on that occasion, which appeal was responded to by some, the meeting separated at a little after ten o'clock. 