SYDNEY SMITH. Hems 14 another bunch of lori riiofrsfroni the Memoirs of Syilriey Smith, culled by the " Motropnlitnn Qossippcr" of the Liverpool Albion x — "The rev. pastor was as thorough a coeknev ns Dr. Jolmson. and delighted in the great Babylon boyond all other places on earth. Thus, returning to the pro vinces from a , metropolitan sojourn, lie writes to Jeffrey s—' AI'tor . a vertigo, of ono fortnight in London,' I am undergoing that species of hybernation, or suspended vitality, called a pleasant fortnight in the country. I bohavo myself quietly and decently, ns become a corpse, and hope to regaiii the rational and immortal part of my. composition about the 20th of. this ihontli.' Another time ho .risks Jeffrey if ho 'knows anybody who. would- go out as professor to a Russian university ? — -..about £800 per annum, coals and candles gratis, and travelling ex- ; . penses allowed , if to Siberia.' — Again, ho msks' Joffroy "whether there is a than in ' Edinburgh Whom you can recommend as an/instructor of youth, in whoso house a young Englishman could be safely- depo sited without peril of marrying- a Scotch girl with a fortuno of Is. Gd. sterling? It " must have been in behalf of this individual that he afterwards writos to Lndy Holland, then . in Spain, thus : 'He lias been ac customed to live alone with his grand- \- mother, which, though a highly" moral lifo, is not an amusing one. There are two Scotch ladies here with whom wo have got acquainted, and to whom ho may safely moke love the' ensuing winter, for love though a very acute disorder in An dalusia, puts on a very chronic shapo. in .. .'these northern latitudes, for, first the lover must i>ro\atnetapheezically that he ought : -to succeed ; and then in the fifth year of the courtship, or rather argument, if' the summer is"' tolerably warm and oatmeal plenty, tho fair one is won.'— He said he was ' no great physiognomist, nor had much confidence in a science which pretends to discover tho iuside from tho out; but when I have seen fine oyes, a beautiful complexion, grace and symmetry in women, I have generally thought them amazingly well informed, and extremely, philosophical. In contrary . instances sel dom or never. Is there any accounting for : this ? — He does not say what sort of lady Miss Markham was ; though according' to the foregoing rule, she ought to bo a veri- \- table Minerva, Juno, and Venus rolled ./into one, for he records how, 'in carving. a partridge, I splashed her with' gravy from' head to foot; and though I saw three dis tinct brown rills of animal juice .trickling down her oheck, she had the ' complaisance to - swear that not a drop had reached her! Such ciroumstances arc the triumphs of . civilised life.' Ho said Horner was so extremely serious about, the -human race that 'I had to compose my' face half a street off beforo I' met him.', Thia was in 1808, at which time the valor ous Sydney himself was exceedingly serious . about tho human race; for, like all the Whigs, ho believed in tho invincibility of Napoleon, and the utter extermination of England at his hands. Thus, writing to Dr. Reeve, then in Vienna; lie says; ' All these events in Germany have not aston ished mo. I allowed Bonaparte twenty- ctght days to knock both armies dunes super caput (ns the vulgar have it) to oon- olude pence, make a speech' to; the Senate, . and illuminate Paris. Ho is as rapid and' torriblo as the lightning of God. Would he were as transient ! Ah, my dear Doe- tor, you are of a profession which will en dure for ever. No revolutions will put' an end to Synoohus and Synodic ; but what' will become of the Bpoils wo gather from tho earth ? — those cocks of ripe farina, on which the holy bough is placed — the tithes.' Rut mark what he says two years afterwards, and how ap plicable much of it is to certain individuals of onr own day. Writing to Earl Grey, ho remarks, ' Many people are now quite cer tain that Bonaparte is an instrument,' &o.; It turns out that the instrument has been baking biscuit very diligently at Bayonne fur. three months past, and, therefore, does not disdain the assistance of human means. We (who are probably not instrumentsj act as , if -wo were. Wo send horses that cau- not draw, commissaries that cannot feed an army, generals who cannot command, ono. Wo take' our enemy out of a placo where ho ' can do us no harm, .and land him in the very spot where lie can do us tho greatest mischief. We are quite convinced that Provideuco has resolved upon our destruc tion, because Lord Mulgravc and Lord Cas- tlereagh have neither sense nor activity enough to secure our safety. " This was after Wellington had over thrown Junot and Kellermun at Vimiera, and had boon voted tho thanks of parlia ment in consequence. Subsequent still to that Sydney says, ' In all probability it is all over with Spain, and, if so, probably there is an end of Europe ; the rest will bo a down liill struggle. I cannot help it, and so will bo merry to the last. The very next letter, namely to Lady Holland, who is abroad, ho says, ' Why do you not cotno homo ? It lias been all over this month. There has not been a man of sense for somo weeks who has thought otherwise.. Aro you fond of. funerals? Do you love to follow a nation to its grave ? What elso can you see or do by remaining abroad ? Linen-drapers and . shoemakers, perhaps, might save Spain, but in the hands of bishops and dukes it is infallibly gone.' Further on lie assumes that tho British army must be wholly destroyed and England involved in the gonoral rain. Nor does ' th« useless splendor of Lord Wellington's victories' in tho peninsula for a long timO alter bis opinion, for he looks upon them as more needless impediments to tho final catastro phe, which, nevertheless, lie ultimately la-iglitd at as ho formerly did at those who doubted the certain'- y of that moat undo- sired 'consummation. It was bofore this latter period, nutrely in 1800, ho said ' It is reported that tho measles and hooping- cough Imve got amongst the New Adminis tration.: 'it is "quite foolish to make such young poople. ministers.' Only fancy Pal-' mcrston being Tory Secrctary-at-Wnr at thot very time, Lntisdowno having cea-etl to be Whig Chancellor oi the Exchequer sotiie yenrs ; mid tlieBO aro our lending, our only, lights and guides now. , Though1 Sydney, agroed, in most matters' with liis .brother/ Whigs, j oil, .oiio point ho .entirely differed from .the 'great, majority, namely," 1 ,as to. the Queen,, in whoso gnil t hp .entirely behoved, "but that did not. prevent his.re.- jpicing.over the discomfiture .qflier enemy oii the throne, ami., liis .satellites iii'Chur'eii and State. . A prevailing,. article of faith with the Wliigs, seems to. have been that tho Waverly /Novels were poor affairs, and .. .in this-/ Sydney seoin's, to Kayo heartily shared ; "for ho says of , every new - ono' that' it is only, a 'repetition of the last,/ that -the oh'araoter3 are re-produced, &o.;, &o.; . -Ho was somewhat frightened, too, like Moore, at tlio condition of tilings at the period of tho Roform. Bill,, but dilates on .las' dis-._ tresses m his usuid strain. '.I am tired of liberty and revolution. Where, is it all to end? Are,- all political agglutinations to be unglucd ? Aro wq prepared ,for a se cond Heptarchy, and to see the . King of Sussex fighting with the Einperor.'of Essex, or marrying the Dowager Queen of Hamp shire?' -i About this timo (April 1831)-the. emancipation of tho Israelites was rather a fashionable idea, and Sydney humorously writes . Lndy Grey, wife of tho then Premier, ' I . think, tho Jews should be kept for , the private .tyranny and intolerance of the bishops. . Thirty thousand bishops I it is but a small matter. /Do not be too . hard on the Church.!' Writing to Lady Holland, he says, ' I met John Russell at Exeter. The people , along the road were very much disappointed at his sntallness. . I, told them ho was much- larger beforo the bill -was thrown out, but was reduced by, excessive, anxiety about tho peoplo. , , This brought tears into tlioir eyes.' Wlion Sydney went to France, ho .pronounced all tho women to be ugly ; and getting the English, ambas sador's box, and . hearing 'Ruritani ' with Rubiiii and Grisi, Lablaclio and: Tambu- rini, ho declared tho opera to bo dreadfully tireaoino, and hoped it should bo the -last lio: should ever witness. : .Writing to Monctpn Milnes, ho says,: ' If you want toget .a p'.aco. for a relation, you. must not delay, it till' ho is born, but make application in utero, about the fifth . or sixth month.' Lady Davy,- (wife of Sir Humphrey). asking, him- to dinner, in July, ;ho says, .'T. am. possessed by a legion . of .devils..;, Accustomed to a hot, climate, , ;they are very, active in warm' weather.' — Wlien.a certain, person was sent as Governor;of Canada,., lie said, if only common sense was required in sucli a func tionary, whynotsond an attorney at Gs, 8d. a-day ? — Condoling ; with a': lady about liorsonat Oxford; he said he ;knewj that a University edueatioa . meant >,the growth of vice and. the waste of money. -Inviting another lady to : a . philosopli ioul . breakfast, he, says she ; will fiud -nothing , takou, for gran tod excoptotho' .Thirty.rnine; Artioles— everything called in . question ;. :roal pltilo- sophers. — Ho says- to Mrs. Crowe; tlio ghost seer, that ' correspondences; arc like small-clothes beforo the invention 'of sus; ponders—it is: , impossible :to keop . them ! "P-' " ; : - 