MEETING TO PRESENT A REQUISITION TO MR. J. M. GRANT. . lesterday placards were conspicuously posted over the town, announcing the arrival of Mr. Grant, and stating that a 'meeting would be held that evening at 33(trail's Assembly Rooms, when a requisition would be presented to him, calling upon him to .allow himself to be put in nomi nation as a candidate for the suffrages of the electors of Beudigo. At the appoiifted hour the room was well tilled, and a considerable number of persons arrived shortly after the business of the evening had been commenced. The meeting was conducted in the most orderly manner till a well-known colored gentleman and dexterous barber, of the name of Ross, intruded his dusky person on the platform, when p. scene of confusion arose, caused not so much by the barber as by his "friends and supporters," who persisted in cheering him, and by every means in their power in endeavoring to frustrate the objects of the meet ing, in which, as will be observed, they totally failed. On the platform were Messrs. Benson, Bouran, Denovan, Mackay, and others. Mr. Win, BuralL having been voted to the chair, said he had not expected to occupy the position in which he then stood. lie thought there would have been some more fitting man, but having been amongst them on many previous occasions for the last two years, he thought it was not necessary for him to make any apology. By presiding he did not commit himself to any par ticular course. He eonld not, however, but feel interested in the success of tlie men of Bendigo. As Englishmen, as citizens, and as Bendigonians, he thought they would give every man a fair hearing. In all their former proceedings they hud conducted themselves in an orderly manner. They should first give a patient hearing, and then give a patient verdict. He would call on Mr. Grant, who would lay his political sentiments before them. He had been connected with the case of those un fortunate men, the victims of that horribly noto rious affair a4 liallaarat, and had taken no fee for defending thfim. lie was entitled, therefore, to their respect; the disinteristed..position he had as sumed, entitled him to their good opinions. He had come oue hundred miles to contest the election. The business of the evening would com mence with the presentation of the requisition to Mr. Grant. Mr, Donovan coming forward read the requisi- j tion which will be found in another portion of our j columns, to which 370 signatures were -attached and handed it to :— I Mr. Grant who, on rising was received with loud and prolonged cheering, and said: He had much pleasure in acceeding to the requisition that had been presented to him to become a candidate for their suffrages. He thought an apology was due to them for his not appearing on Bendigo at an earlier date, and especially to those gentlemen who had signed the requisition. A heavy law suit which had been pending, in which he had had some thousands of pounds at stake-, and ■ubu.-h he had happily gained—(cheers)—had been the reason of the delay. Circumstances had trans pired since he had left Melbourne which had he previously known might have induced him to stay away. He beard there was a resident in the field.; he did not know him, but he would say that in his opinion they ought to return a local man if they could find a good one. They would recollect that he had said so in his letter to the electors, and lie still held that opinion, and would say now that if there was a majority for a towns man he would retire; lie had no wish to divide the liberal interest, and so let in a squatter or Government man. (Applause.) He would say at once that he had no earthly object in offer ing himself as a candidate but to benefit if pos sible his adopted country. He had thought it his duty as ;m Australian citizen and an old resident to offer any talents and knowledge he might pos sess. He believed in no other country but tlii,s he knew no other. lie was going to make it his home, and lend a hand to wake this colony int-; n. grcust nation. He would not Beck to gain the; suffrages of any elector by fiilae pretences. lit j was a_- thorough democrat and a republican. I (Loud applause.) He would not shirk it, he, would say sb he hoped to see the colonists become J an independent nation of free mem That was j the fundamental idea of all his politics. He would j repent that experience' had shown him that no j government would be advantageous to thorn but | their own. What had caused the dis- , astrous catastrophe at Ballnarat? The officious | meddling of Downing-strcct, which had coin- j menccd by losing the American colonics and would > end when the whole of the colonies had achieved ! their freedom. Oh all occasions, therefore he should j advocate the necessity for their obtaining their independence by lawful and peaceable means. | They would then have the entire control of their j own affairs, and then legislators would be free as they ought to be. They knew what would suit j themselves better than any official 10,000 miles j off. The New Constitution he considered a farce —there was the qualification for the Upper House of i.'5,0no a-year, : he should like to know the men who possessed that income—dummies ; that qualification was absurd, and that, for the Lower House was also out of the question. If lie were returned he should advocate that honesty of pur pose, intelligence and a determination to do his duty were the highest qualifications any man j could possess. He was in favor of a national sys- j tern of education, but not for craming it down | j people's throats against their will. If a parent j wished to educate his child in any particular j religion he thought he had a right to do so, and | if any particular sect wished to have a special j school for that sect, he thought- they had a right I to it and to'he assisted by the funds of the state. | He was in favor of no religious instruction being given in schools, hut he was afraid that that opinion was not generally held. He thought the system of having both National and Denominational schools as here, good. A great deal of money had been flung away on the national system, it had been pushed forward by the Government at the expense of the Denominational. He thought the National should have the preference, but- that the other should have a fair share. It was unnecessary for him to say that he was in favor of universal suffrage, but there was another question—the ques tion of questions—the land question. The people had been kept out by a monopolist clique. What had driven the most of them from home? tlie lands being in the hands of a few. He was of opinion that the lands of right belonged to the people and that the Government was only entitled to obtain the cost of the survey. How glorious it would be if a grant of a farm of 100 or 200 acres was made to every man who would settle on and cultivate' it; such an inducement would lead thousands of the most- intelligent men of Europe, and those were the men they wanted to come here. They would do nothing till the land question was settled, one man settled on the land was better than 10,000 sheep or cattle. Wasn't is sad to think that two millions of money was annually sent out of the country to pay for breadstuff-;} no wonder that people were calling out that the j times were bat]—no wonder when the lands were shut up. Captain Clarke had said at a meeting at Castleirmine that plenty of land had been sur veyed ; that might lie true, hut the best was held by the squatters. What was the upset jfrice too ? -L'l an acre. Why it would cost a man i'400 or £500 to get a good sized farm. The land had been cut up by inches instead of by acres—in stead of giving them a farm of from -10 to 100 acres. ■ (Cheers.) They waittfed it divided into farms. Allusion ' had been made to his having defended the Balaamt prisoners ; he took up that subject because he felt for them as one of them selves. Four years ago he had toiled in Engle hawk, and been subjected to the insolence and con tumely .of officials, the gold and silver lace gentry. He had been brought to account for the want of a little document called a license. His whole sympathy had been with the Ballaarht prisoners, and that was his: reason for espousing their cause; He would take nothing, not onefiirthing —he tried to do his duty-and hoped that he did it. Tt was a difficult matterthen to contend with the powers that were. But , lie did not regret the sad' occurrenee of the 3d of December. To the blood of those men was owing the small mea sure .of liberty they now had. To these men driven by tyranny to- commit rash acts was it' owjms: that they .were in possession of the New Constitution. - He had no wish to divide tlie con stituency,,but he had. heard that a Government officer was goine to be put up, but where, whs this Government officer and legislator at the time of the Ballaarafc occurrence. When the bill of in demnity passed the House 110 man held up his hand against it'but Mr. Myles ofGeelong. Were they going to send in an executive officer and so sanction their conduct. He himself '• would sooner consent to suffer defeat ond degradation a thousand times than suffer a Govern ment officer to be returned. (Loud and continued Cheering.) Was this the return they. owed, to those men who had sanctified the cause of liberty by their death. He hoped, whoever, they might return, he would remember the past and act ac cordingly. They must excuse the briefness of this address, but he had arrived that day from Mel bourne, and was tired with travelling. He was ready to answer frankly, any question that migh,t be put to him. He had heard that there was a rnmpr that he had been feed for defending the Ballaarat prisoners ; he should simply state that it was not true, he had not received one farthing. He had also heard it whispered that there was another rumor abroad, that at Sydney lie had shown an antagonistic spirit with regard to his Roman Catholic brethran. He defied any one to show either by his actions, his speeches, or his' writings, that such was the case. He challenged any one to come forward and disprove that state ment. He respected every man, irrespective of his religion, as he would consider it impertinent if any man questioned him with regard to his religion He hoped that the men they should re turn would be wise and enlightened men, who would enter the Legislature to represent not only Bendigo, but the whole colony, which was offec ted as well as Bendigo. His experience had led him to believe that great reform was necessary in all departments of the Government, especially in the administration of justice. The Magistrates' Courts also wanted reforming, he was aware of tyranny existing in those Courts, he would wish to see the power of the Magistrates curtailed, and that they should be made more amenable to public I opinion. Then there was the finance department, | no less than between 1'100,000 and ,i'200,0i)0 was thrown away in naval and military estab lishments, he considered the sending oi' the troops that had lately arrived to the colony, an insult to the milling com 111 unity. He respected their bravery, but what were they sent litre for? the plausible Mr. Foster said to repel foreign aggres sion, why should there be any idlers in the com munity ? rwliy were they not sent to the Crimea? (Applause.) As to the waste, extravagance, f»nd peculation, that had taken place in every de partment of the Government, it was frightful. The finance commission appointed by the Gov ernment to inquire into that, branch of the Government had found £200,000 of money gone, and could find no receipts for it. It might have gone right, but there were no receipts to be found for it. TJioy must find a man to watch that sort of thing, it would he more important, however, by and bye than now. The present Council would simply pass an electoral act to regulate tiie elections under the New Constitution. The Squatting question might be broughtonbya clique, with the hope of getting it settled in their favor, but he imagined it would be thrown over till the next Session. It was of mighty consequence that the man they sent should never flinch from his duty to the people at large, and the consti tuency of which he was the representative.— (Immense and prolonged cheering.) The chairman said .\Jr. Grant was ready to an swer any questions that gentlemen in flic meeting might wish to put to him. No one, however, responding to the invitation, Mr. Donovan said that he thought if anyone had any doubts, now was the time to express tliem. If persons nuulo them to him, they should make them publicly also, and Mr. Grant would either deny or ac knowledge them ; it wee right- theoo ettwks should-be made his face. Ho hoped no modesty would kcop persons .back from nskfrg questions. If Mr. Grant's sentiments were questionable, let some one come forward and interrogate him. Mr. Duncan rose in the body of the mooting, unci said that the remarks made by Mr. Denpvan were wholly foreign to hiiii. He hail never hard any rumor detrimental to the character of Mr.-Grant ; but on the contrary, what hehad heard wi:s very | much in his favor. (Hear, hear.) For his part lie was prepared to do his utmost to carry in Mr. .Jones for Sandhurst, but he had not heard any thing likely to injure Mr, Grant with the electors. From what he had heard of that gentlenvirt's opinions he thought extremely well of him, and he believed that nothing more was necessary to sa'isfv them with respect to his qualifications than the manly, honorable, and straightforward way in which he had stated his opinions. (Cheers.) He had never heard a broader and more comprehensive statement of political sentiments from any m'un in the whole course of his life. (Immense applause.) Mr. Grant had come out boldly and clearly on all public questions, and he had capped all by stating that he was a.democrat and republican. (Cheers.) He was glad to hear a man come forward and express his sentiments so freely and honestly. Mr. Grant had told them that if he had known a candidate was to be brought forward, and for the purpose of opposing a Government officer that he doubted whether lie should have come forward at all. Mr. Grant had also told them that he would go to the poll for the purpose of de feating the Surveyor-General, and keeping out a Government officer (Hear, hear.) He begged to state that he was quite ignorant of any rumors prejudicial to the character or the interest of Mr. Grant. (Cheers.) Mr. Donovan was deeply anxious as statements • had heen made public, likely to be injurious to : Mr. Grant, that those gentlemen who had made ! them should now state them in his presence, and then allow him to vindicate himself It liadhecn said that it would he proved that he had been paid for defending the Uallaarat prisoners*—that he had taken n part against his Roman Catholic brethren, and written against them : if this were true, many of his present friends would have been opposed to him. If these assertions were not true he had been -an injuredman. (Ap- I plause.) . Mr. Grant said he thought he had already an- i swered these aspersions. He had been fifteen years ' in Sydney, and he would defy any man to prove j that by remark, writing, or thought lie had done injustice to his Roman Catholic brethren : if any J one thought to the contrary let him now come j forward. .Many of his friends there were Roman Catholics, and he had acted with them on com- i mittees: one half, or two- thirds, of his friends in I Melbourne were Catholics. Some of the Ballaarat prisoners he had had,the pleasure of defending were Catholics. As to the statement that he had taken a fee, he had not touched" one farthing. Mr. Crate was the treasurer, and lie was aware that he had not'touched the ghost of a farthing. Mr. Muckay had known Mr. Grant's political career in Sydney, and. heen on committees with him, where there were Catholics. He had helped to return Mr. Robert Lowe, and had assisted in getting the electoral qualification there lowered to 120. He knew of nothing either in his public or private career which would shew that he was bigotted. lie knew no. men w'ho. w-as less; so. They (the meeting) knew him : he .had given his honest testimony.. - Mr, Ross here came on to the .platform evi dently intoxicated, and a scene of the-utmost con fusionand uproar ensued., • ? - Mr. Benson said, that order was the , first , law of nature, and he hoped they "would be able. to. keep it, and referred to Mr.'; Rpss. His remarks were interrupted; by his re-appearance, and a scene of confusion eusued, in the midst of which, Mr. Ross left. .; ■ . 'Mr. Donovan after making some remarks with regard to the disturbance, said He would move " That Mr. Grant was a fit and proper' person. to represent the people of Bendigo in the Legislative Council." It had been said lie was a stranger, but in his opinion he was not such, a stranger, as he had been a digger in Eoglehawk; and knew the wants of the diggers. Mr. Grant had given his opinions clcarly and honestly, and he thought under the circumstances they could not have a better man. His whole life had been devoted to the cause of liberty; wherever he lived. They had found him planting the standard of freedom in Victoria, and 'fit a time when it was dangerous to oppose the Government—bravely asserting the rights of the digggers. Thev had found him coming forward in the Ballaarat affair, without fee or re ward. (Cheers.) He had done his work qniettyy but effectually. Here, he had given proofs of liis opinions, which were held by nine-tenths of the constituency, and which, if he were permitted to carry out would raise the country to the very summit of grandeur. (Loud applause.) They would be right in returning a man whose only fault was that he was too democratic. (Some slight confusion was here caused by the re-appearance of Mr. Ross.) It had been said the Surveyor General would lie brought forward—he would never give him his vote. They had better go without a member tlian return one of that ac cursed Government who first drove the men of Ballaarat to take arms, and then massacred them, (cheers), because he revered the memory of those men—he would put his foot on the neck of that Government and never allow a member of it to lie returned. Now, coming to Mr. Jones, he believed lie was a good man, and,he held a respectable position in society, but he was now brought forward as a ,public man. What were his claims on the electors? He had shewn no political life. He ' (the speaker) had resided three years on Bendigo, and had never seen Mr.' Jones give one mite to wards helping the diggers in carrying their rights in the hour of their struggle. He felt he could not conscientiously support that man who, in a troublous time had done nothing. Was that the man they wanted1? (General cries of no, no, and a fe»v, yes.) They wanted a man who, by his past life, had shewn that he had some political views and not one who had made money, and was then going to leave the colony. Let him first be tried in some local post. (A voice, the Local Court—laughter.) They now came to Mr. Grant, who had been brought up in the colonies, and would make a good digger's representative; and he did not. hesitate to say that if they carried him through tlicy would never, regret it.' (Applause.) Mr. Mfttjkay came forward and seconded the vcsolutioni lie was sorry that anything had occurred to disturb the order of the meeting, but lie supposed they must expect these things oil eleetiojieering occasions. A joke was a very good thing in itself, but when it was carried too fay, it ceased to be a joke, and became a nuisance.— (Ilear, hear.) Several candidates had been brought forward for their suffrages, but he thought they I would agree with him, that -Mr. Grant was the best j man that had appeared (No, no, and great ap- I plause.) He had looked with interest to the com- j ing forward of the several candidates, and lie must say that in his opinion they had all fallen short of what was required in a legislator except Mr. Grant. With reference to the merits of the other candidates, Mr. Deuovau had favored them with I a long harangue, so that it was unnecessary for i him to say anything with respect to them. Mr. i Grant needed 110 such support—for his own merits were the best basis for his claims to rest oil.— (Cheers,) lie would prefer a local man to an absentee, but lie was not prepared to sacrifice everything to that one consideration. If mere local residence was to outweigh all other con siderations, there was My Lord Ross, an excel lent candidate. (Ilear, hear, and laughter.) Now he imagined tliey wanted a representative with higher qualifications than mere- local residence ; one who would not disgrace this important con i stituency, and who was calculated by his abilities, I to snide the destinies of this rising colony.— : (Cheers.) It wa3 no doubt very unpleasant, to ; be compelled to oppose friends, but they must : do their duty. Mr. (jrr.nt had been before the ' people of liewligo for some time, but he had i not made up his mind whether lie should sup : port hinj or not, until ho saw' what candidates there wore (hf field, Thoy be prepared to sacrifice private friendehip to the public goodj and Eelfcct the best man whoever lie was. Mr; Grant's gre.it claim had been made to rest upon his defence of the Ballaarat .prisoners. Now to understand the full value of his services with reference to this affair, they must remember what was the state of Melbourne at that period. There was universal alarm and distrust, and a deputation of Merchants, Bankers, and others,' had subscribed to an address to the Governor, in which they gave Sir C harles Hot-ham the powers [ of a dictator. (Cheers.) But tins was not the only occasion on which Mr. Grant had taken an active part in public duties. Several years previous in Sydney, he himself had been associa ted with Mr. Grant in several public movements. Mr. Grant had taken nn active part in the anti trans-portation movement, had spoke at a monster meeting at which Mr. Robert Lowe had moved a resolution, and had assisted in the successful-agi tation for the reduction of the £20 per annum franchise to £10, which it now was. At a later date than this, when the news of the Ballaarat disturbances reached Melbourne and men knew hardly what to do, Mr. Grant m conjunc tion with Dr. Owens had taken upon themselves to convene a public meeting to give expression to the sentiments of the people of Melbourne. The timid took alarm at such a bold step,, and those gentlemen were entreated and implored to desist from their purpose otherwise the conse quence might be frightful. They replied that they had confidence in the gond sense and orderly habits.of the people of Melbourne, and the result fully proved them right. (Cheers.) Mr. Grant had been a digger hivnsefi, and therefore under stood the wants of the diggers. He feared that the goldticlds would not be able to get bona fide diggers to go down to Melbourne to represent the'> interests for there were no men among them wl ) could afford to leave the puddling tub to discharge the duties of a legislator: . There were no diggings near Melbourne, whore such a man could earn hist Jiving, and the best thing they could do was to elect men who had been diggers, and wlvo Iiad placed, themselves in such a position'that they could at tend to the dtries of legislation without ruining' themselves. ,is yet they had found no digger to come forward to represent- his class, except Mr. Benson, and ho did not think that it was likely to' be a general rule. He had great pleasure in se-' conding the resolution that Mr. Grant was a fit and proper person to represent the district of Sand hurst in the Legislature. (Cheers.) : The Chairman put the motion to the meeting,, which was carried amidst deafening and prolonged cheers—two hands being held up in dissent.-• Many of those present abstained from voting alto gether. Mr. Grant made a brief and suitable acknow ledgment. of the manner in which !<r had hsjst1 received by the meeting. v vote of thanks having' been passed to tho Chairman, who favorably compared the meeting with those convened for the same object that h& had lately seen in Melbourne, the meeting sepa rated. 