LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. Tub Brooke Testijiontal.— Wo havo received fi from His Honor the Chief Justice a cheque for three I guineas to be applied towards the proposed testiino- j nial. Sir Win. A'Beclcett accompanies the subscrip tion by an expression of his high appreciation of Mr. Brooke's ability and character, and his lively sense of tho aid that gentleman has brought by his great talents and reputation to the cause of the legitimate drama in this colony. | The Sufferers iiy the Ballarat Fire.— The per formances this evening at the Olympic, on behalf of the sufferers by the late disastrous fire, are so attrac tive in themselves, aud tho object of them so excel lent, that wc trust this benevolent act on the part of the management, will excite a corresponding manifestation of benevolence on the part of tho public, and that a crowded houso will assemble to greet the Serious Family, and swell the funda available for tho relief of the distress occasioned by the calamity at Ballarat. Tub State Aid Question.— A deputation from the recently formed association for securing the repeal of the 53rd clause of the New Constitution Act will have an interviow with his Excellency to day at noon. The committee will meet at the Rev. Mr. Ramsay's Church at eleven o'clock. The ' Traitor.' — Placards intimating that a re quisition to Mr. Duncan Longden to resign tho trust he has so basely betrayed is in course of signature, are extensively circulated in Maryborough and through the neighboring diggings. The Treasurer of tho Melbourne Hospital desires to convey the following intimation as a verbil eor icciion ol a notice which appeared a few days back : — Received from the Treasurer of the North Colling wood Independent Church tho sum of £3 los., beiug awarded by the Reverend Messrs. Fletcher and Pooro to that church, from a sum of £90 8s.Gd. collected by tho lato treasurer and secretary of that church Oivardthe land and building fund. The Fancy Dress Ball. — In our necessarily brief notice of this agreeable rc-union, we omitted to mako special mention of tlio moro characteristic or remarkable of the fancy costumes worn upon tho occasion by various of the visitors. Tlio following ?struck us as being tho -most jnoteworthy : — Mary Queen of Scots ; two Spanish ladies ; a Flower Girl ; Daughter of the Regiment ; Brittannia, (or Duchess of Portsmouth ?) ; Nourmahal ; Highland Chief- ? tain ; Geoffrey Chaucer ; Mayor of Navarie ; Ghost in Hamlet; Gentleman of' tho 17th Century ; a Neapolitan; Pierrot; Luigi doi Franohi ; and gen tleman of the age of Louis XV. The Anti-State Aid Association. His Excel lency tho Governor has appointed to receive tho depu'ation from this Society, at tho Government IIouso, at noon to-day. The Coinmittoe will meet previously at Mr Ramsay's Chapel. Phrenology. — M. Sohior purposes delivering a lecture on this subject at the Protestant Hall this evening. The Philharmonic Society. — The use 'of the Ex hibition Building has beon granted to the society for its next conccrt, and great preparations are being made to render it the most effective performance of the kind that has yet taken place in thia colony. Tho time fixed upon is Christmas eve, and, with a fitting regard to tho hailowingassociations of tho period, The Messiah has been selected as the Oratorio to b3 per formed. Every effott has been directed to secure tho services of vocalists competent to do justice to tho solos and concerted portions of this sublime com position ; while tho band and chorus will comprise one hundred and fifty individuals. The frequency of the rehearsals indicates the desire of tli9 members to render the concert worthy of the increasing reputa tion of tho society, ot the occasion, and of tba Oratorio; nnd we believe that tho public will not be disappointed intheii anticipations of a groat musical treat on the evening of the 24th inst. Beeoiiwortii Local Court.— His Excellency tho Governor, with tho advico of the Executive Council, has been pleased to appoint John Stephen Morphy, Esq., to be the chairman of the Local Court of tho district of Beochworth, in tho room of William Turner, Esq., absent on leave. — Government Ga zette. Tiie Weather. — Sunday last was ushered in with one of the fiercest hot winds felt this summer— it blew a perfect cirocco. In the evening tho wind changed, but tho whole of yesterday was intolerably hot. A few more such days and the harvest will soon be ripe. — Warrnambool Examiner. Mr. J. M. Knkiut. — The first public act of our new representative does not augur well for his future career ; for where all representatives were on ono side iu u minority of ono, and where on the other side the whole- of tho officials figured with the no minees and a few representatives (including Mr For longe), Mr Knight's vote will be found recorded. We do not mean to say that the representative sido were quite right on this occasion, but we note tho fact as a very suspicious one, —that, with scarccly time enough to discuss the matter, Mr Knight should | be found voting, cheek by jowl, with that squatter f representative ot nil agricultural constituency Mr i Forlonge. It looks very bad, to say the least oi it, [ to find a man who made such professions as ^lr Knight (and his friends for him,) did, voting agamst twenty-eight representatives, including nearly all who arc not toadies or place-hunters, — Ibid. -r — — - — - ?— ? ? ? ? Bat, Lin at — Ono thousand and fifty pounds for one rood of land at Ballarat ! Very extraordinary, but true, as will be seen by our correspondent's letter. Yerily, the land fever seems to be returning, but we i trust it will this time assume a milder type. The Ballaratarians must keep a sharp look out that a lair share of tho enormous sums drawn by Govern- ! inent from that locality bo there expended in locul improvements and public works.-- Geelong Advertiser 