BULWER. ' f From Blackwood7 s Edinburgh Magazine.'] j We know no writer who has so many periods in his literary history; nor can we classify Sir E. B. Lytton's works better than by the painter's jargon, with its early and late Raphaels, — its pictures after such aud such a style. In 'his first manner' Pelham stands alone ; and then at intervals we have the legitimate historical novel, the mystical sentimental, the criminal picturesque. ' Paul i Clifford,' ' Eugene Aram,' aud somo part of 'Night and Morning' — which, however, we are bound to admit, is a powerful and striking story, full of interest and character, which may very well take ground on its own merits — represent the last. We take the ' Last of the Barons,' ' Devereux,' and ' Harold,' as the best specimens of the historical, and are con tent to leave the rest within tho vague and dreamy precints of the sentimental. One of the latest of tho series, ' Lucretia,' we are a t a loss to put into any class. It is an elaborate illustration of the darkest and most unmiti gated crime, written for what purpose we know not, unless it be to enforce our author's opinion of the diabolical character of intellect without heart or principle — a doctrine which he urges more or less through all his works, and which has come to perfection at last in the bloodless, but too often baffled schemer, Randall Leslie. In the ' Last of tho Barons,' a, gorgeous but melancholy picture, we have a great deal too much costume to come at the heart of the time. It is an admirable masquerade, where all the personages speak well up to their cha racter ; but in spite of its fine qualities it is not tl'.e age it represents, and the abrupt and tragical conclusion of the story — that is, of Sybil and tho philosopher — strikes us as an unnecessary paiu. In this novel, as in the ' Last Days of Pompeii, there is a singular effect produced by the song of the tymbestres in one book, and by the ' Ho, ho, the merry, merry show !' of the other. The horror of this ghastly mirth strikes a powerful and striking discord in the first instauce, though wo become disgusted as it continues. In ' Harold' again — which we ought to except with an apology from all that wc have said respecting the atmosphere of the others — in ' Harold,' there is singular and very telling use made of the same art which is so wonder fully employed in Macbeth in the prophecies of the witches — ' To keep the word of promise to the ear, and break it to the hope.' True to her words come all tho prophecies of the Vala, Hilda, but in so different a sense from her interpretation of them, that it is easy to realise the depth of horror and despair which strikes the unhappy sorceress, when she learns the real events to which she has been looking forward with so much faith. And now there is a pause and period to the labors of our author : ho has retired upon his laurels, or ho is entering new fields of con quest. Which is it ? Without any sound of trumpet or ostentation of announcement, a new fame begins to steal upon tlie world. Let us not be over modest. It is the kindly pages of Maga which introduces the new comer to his audience ; but it would be mock humility to refrain from our due and natural admiration on such a score. It is an English Landscape which brightens upon this canvass ; and here is uo overstrained romantic passion, but the sweet yet powerful bonds of common life in an English home. As this home enlarges before us — as we see tho philosopher, with his quiet dignity, his learning, his humor, his great book — and Captain Roland, that knightly gen tleman, the preux chevalier oi modern fiction, in their loving brotherly intercourse — aud the womanly humble wife, who is so reverent of the scholar, and whose matter of fact compre hension interprets his learned allusions so quaintly' and after so amusing a fashion — and Pisistratus, with his manly youth, open to every influence — and even Jack Tibbets aud Mr. Squills — we gradually become, not so much lookers-on, as members of the family party. Wo can no longer fiud fault with the learned disquisitions which now illustrate the delicate character of Austin Caxton, nor weary of conversations, however slight their bearing may be upon the immediate story, which command a play of language so ani mated and graceful, a fund of illustration sometimes so quaint and humorous, and always so appropriate. Tho dialogue indeed is ma naged with so much spirit and individuality, the speakers are so distinctly, not A and B. but themselves, that criticism is silenced, and we forget that, in this sparkling aud attractive talk we are detained from the action of the tale. Even the sinner of the book is not an irreclaimable sinner; and though we stand aside in respectful sympathy while Roland covers his face and weeps in de spair, his noble heart overwhelmed with tho shame and grief of a father, we have hope for the son, who does at last redeem himself, and has his name restored to tho family chronicle, not as a disgrace to it, but as its latest hero. And Trevanion, with his love for both sides of an argument — and the boyish love of Pisis tratus, which it takes him such a manful strain of his stout good heart to overcome, and the brave way he does this without a touch of sentimentality — and Fanny, with her still and gentle character, born to be a marchionness, and not for Pisistratus — and the chivalric old beau, and lofty gentleman, who has the for tune to be Fanny's husband — these are all fine and delicate delineations; nor is the hurried glance of the Bush — bo it correct or incorrect to the learned — at all unsatisfactory to the reader, and we see Pisistratus when ho comes home a giant from the wilderness, and is afraid of running over the omnibuses when they cross his course in Oxford street. The easy and felicitous expression in which this pleasant history is clothed, the elegance of its quaint humor, the beauty and purity of its leading characters, are enough to make a reputation of the highesc class. In tho case of Sir E. B. Lytton they did more; they covered a multi tude of sins — they persuaded that more sensi tive public which was dubious of the author of Ernest Maltravers, into the heartiest applauso and sympathy. It was impossible to believe, on rising from The Caxtons, that even the novels we had before condemned could be so objectionable as we fancied them. This group of manly and high-hearted Englishmen — tho scholar, ths soldier, and the young man, whose hopes and endeavours did honor 1 to both — charmed us, into so great a satisfaction with the author of their history, that we ceased to remember that he had ever offended us. And though we generally have the strong est objection to any admission on the part of the novelist that his story ii a novel, and not a veracious history, we are tempted to waive our objections in presence of the initial chap ters of the My Novel of Pisistratus Caxton These glimpses of the family circle which is at rest awhile in that blessed exemption from the great events of life, which we never appreciate till the black shadow is stealing amongst us — that household calm into which children are being born, but from whi ch none are departing — where Austin and Ro7 and sit in the old hall, with their young reptes entative beside them, doing his man's part, n- iw that it is his turn, to ' make up the balance and albeit, very peevish about the corct-laws, and somewhat impatient of everybody's advice in the con duct of his story, wording very comfortably behind the screen, 'calling Blanche to advise with him, the happy fellow, and writing a novel, which surely must; be a good one, com ing into being under siach pleasant circum stances. Mark you, there is a mighty differ ence between the love thiit sighs and dreams under an Italian moon, and that manlier and stouter Eros, who comes into tho winter hearth of nights, where tbe elder people sit in the calm of their age, where the wife is ftf 1 of the sweet familiar cares -of every day, which are almost pleasures, and where the cradle is not banished out of sight and hearing. Our author has made this discovery by good for tune ; and honor to the fire, the household centre, with its kindly glow and sparkle in the gloaming and the daylight — its hearty cheer by night ! Who can tell how many evil va pors its healthful blaze has cleared away. We cannot help lingering with a friendly regard upon those glimpses of the Caxtons which remain to us. The picture is so perfect that we are always glad to return to it ; and though it is just possible that in the course of 'My Novel' the initial chapters were not quite so welcome, it is certain that, now ivhen we are satisfied as to the fate of Leonard and Helen, of L'Estrahge and Violante, we return to them with affection. 'Down to the very latest of these chapters the characters are so nicely and delicately sustained, the learning of the scholar comes in to such quaint purpose, and every member of the family bears his or her part so well, that we would have no diffi culty in distinguishing the speaker, did the author spare himself the trouble of telling us their names. ' My Novel ' itself, which has less unity of interest in its wider field, its larger extent of time and wider range of character, requ'res perhaps a greater discrimination in its verdict of approval. Rich to overflowing with char acter, a wise and weighty book, it is impossible to deny this to be ; and the faults we find in it are extremely trivial in comparison with the beauties which we are glad to acknowledge and admire. The plot is somewhat complicated, the interest is too much divided, and has along retrospective interrnption, which keeps back the story at a point where we are very unwilling to have it retarded. These are faults which injure a serial story very much more than they can do one which comes to the public only as one entire and completed work. We cannot say, either, that' we have been quite reconciled to the somewhat melodramatic abduction and rescue of Yiolaute. Granted that Italian craft could compass such a piece of old-fashioned and hackneyed violence in London, in the middle of the nineteenth century, it does not seem to us that this is a legitimate device for fiction, which depends for its effect, not so much upon what is true to fact, as upon what is true to nature. A matter-of-fact may happen to bo a most extravagant outrage on common truth and order ; but these exceptions are not the proper materiel for fiction, as has been too often supposed. In real life it does occasion ally happen that a very rich uncle comes homo from India at a crisis of family fortune, and changes dismay into rejoicing. Tu real life, sometimes a man who has planned to do some great evil in the morniug, is suddenly cut off in his sleep, and does no more ill in this world for evermore. But when a novelist ventures to employ such an incident, if it sbould be the truest fact that ever befel, we are straightway down upon him with all the darts of an offended criticism ; and, impaling his unhappy event upon the point of our spear with what triumph do we exhibit to tho world this coup de theatre — this sure mark of an exhausted invention — this improbable, absurd, unnatural solution of a problem which our charitable judgment pro nounces him unable to solve in a more legiti mate way. Aud we are right. It is not the vocation of the novel- writer to startlo us with exaggerated events, which are only true be cause they have happened, but to order his world ou the general principles of nature as the outer world is regulated — to keep his eye on tho broad truths of existence, instead of the special and distorted realities of some indivi dual lifo ; in a word, indeed, to be true to nature, and leave fact to the expositions of a less ambitious art. And on this principle we cannot reconcile ourselves to tho abduction of Violante. It might have happened — very true ; but it did not deserve to bo invented. We think the Count de Pcschiera and Ilarley L'Estrange might have made a sufficiently clear revelation of their different inteutious and regards with out this expedient, and we cannot feel that it is worthy either of the author or of the per sonages concerned. When we have said this, we think we have about concluded our griev ances. Nay, pnee more ; for our own indivi dual taste wo do not admire the grand tableau system of making a denouement, and never like Harlty so little as when he stands there, in his father's hall, a kind of presiding Fate, holding everybody's destiny in his hands. Having thus relieved ourselves of the last ghost of au objection, we can turn with a good con science to the singular wealth of this richest and most remarkable of Sir E. B. Lytton's famous novels. One does not often meat with two philoso phers like Parson Dale and Dr Riccabocca. Both so wise and so profound, both so ingenu ous aud simple, wo have seen few things so good as the skill with which the author endows each of these friends with some innocent bit of worldly wisdom, on the point where the other is least suspicious and least defended, so that the Parson secures himself a smile at the simplicity of the exile, and that notable dis ciple of Macchiavelli chuckles aside in the conscious superiority of a man of the world over the guileless goodness of the Par son. They are so well pleased with this power of smiling at each other, and yet exer cise it so kindly and admiringly, that there is a singular tenderness in the innocent selfcoin placemy ; and nothing can be finer than some of their joint undertakings — that descent, for example, upon Lenny Fairfield in his cottage, to teach the aspiring boy that knowledge is not power. How the Doctor charges with his sweep of cavalry when the Parson is out of breath I How the Parson comes in with his heavier metal while Riccabocca collects his forces I With what merciless kindness they demolish the poor lad's eminenco of fancied greatness ; aud what a fine picture is that of the unconscious poet, dismayed yet convinced, looking up nt them with all the humility of youth and genius, taking the lesson, which is hard but of good service. The masterly com pleteness of the argument, and the admirable spirit of its execution, are not more remark able than the perfect consistency of character which the interlocutors maintain in their dis cussion, and which makes it, despite its ab stract character, as sparkling and rapid in its flow as the lightest dialogue in the book. Parson Dale never swerves from his cha racter ; and if Riccabocca does so, it is only once or twice under very trying circumstances, when he has to be a duke, and conduct himseli accordingly. The good-hearted and kindly Jemima, who has her own wisdom of the affec tions, deserves the trust which her husband at last comes to repose in her, and does not de serve the contempt which those atrocious doc trines, wherewith he envelopes himself so amusingly, profess for her sex in general. And it does one good to enter tho genial pre cincts of the English squire!s most English and most kindly household. Hazeldean and all its doings — the stocks, the temporary estrange ment of the rural monarch and his people, the great sermon of Parson Dale, and tho return of squire and rustics to their mutual liking and hereditary kindness, are all equally life like and pleasant. Unlike the reality which we acknowledge in many other remark able works of fiction — as, for instance, in Jane Eyre — this is not the reality of one pow erful individual mind seizing everything in its fervid grasp, and throwing an impression of itself on the very clouds and atmosphere of its landscape — but a grander, broader faculty, which takes in the life and the sphere of our common race in their own full light and shadow, without the variable checkerwork of it3 per sonal passions and experience. In this picture, calm in its placid breath of repose and quiet, lies the fair green country, with its hall, its church, its cottages. He is no democrat who writes, for his opinion of Mr Sprot, the radical tinker, is not flattering, and ho inclines to sup port the rustic monarchy of Parson Dale and Squire Hazeldean, the spiritual and secular rulers — Church and State; and he is no aris tocrat, for he finds his poet hero iu Widow Fairfield's cottage — a peasant boy. It is fruitless to say that, in his former productions, neither Pelham, nor Mordaunt, nor Earnest [ Maltravers, dissimilar as they are, is meant to represent the author — -just as it would be very fruitless for Miss Bronte to make an indignant disavowal of having shadowed forth herself in Jane Eyre and Lucy Snowe. It makes small matter to us that the hero is not the author — enough that the author identifies himself with the hero, aud views the other persons and matters in the book, hot so much as they are, but as they affect him. In these matured and mellowed volumes — the essence of a life — this narrower individual view is gone. Knitted together as they are by almost too many threads of connexion, every man stands upon his own footing in these volumes; but we do not feel any want of the intenser individuality, and we gain much in the general breadth of treatment and clearness of tone. And the same country which produces Leo nard Fairfield, the genius of the story, pro duces also the handsome, good-hearted. Frank Hazeldean, the young man of the book, gene rous, honorable, but not too wise — the young squire and country gentleman; and Randal Leslie, the villain of the tale. In these days we are not good at villains; not that wo love sin less, but perhaps that wq admire virtue more than in times of old; but certain it is that our rogues are always our great est failures, the poorest dupes in the end. Randal, and the homo which produces him, are powerful conceptions ; but it is hard to keep up our interest in a sorry knave, whose schemes, as we aro aware beforehand, must be foiled, aud are foiled accordingly at every point and turn he makes. This cold blooded and calculating schemer, without a single open vice, yet with every deliberate iniquity which steers clear of passion, is a great attempt at a villain ; but while we would not have him more successful, we feel as if it were unnatural and a mistake that he should bo so perpetually baffled. Iago works out all his wicked purpose. Randal Leslie suec 3eds in none. But tho most ambitious characters in this crowd are those two which occupy the fore ground, and whose personal relations to each other form the main thread of the story — Audley Egerton and Harley L'Estrange. Aud now we can indeed properly esti mate how great a way in advance our author has travelled, when we see how Glanville and Maltravers have progressed into Harley, and how their chaos of great qualities, half angel, half demon, have blossomed into the bright imagination, the noble powers, and the fresh youth's heart of this favorite of nature. A lull grown man, of warm aud ardent tempera ment, experienced in the world, one feels that Harley's thoughts are white and spotless as a girl's, and can understand how tenderly that olil poetic sentiment of his first love keeps his heart. Nor is tho self-contained and loveless statesman an unworthy companion to the man whon ho has once deceived. Harley's exces sive wrath, and intended revenge— his conflict of heart and purpose — the disturbance which his own sin brings into his soul, and which he supposes is caused by tho knowledge of another's — are not out of keeping with his loving nature ; but when that bursts forth into remorse and compunction, and in tho flush of many discoveries he finds himself knit in a closer friendship with his friend, relieved for ever of his old fidelity to his first love, and able to free Helen, tho whole man makes ap pearance auder this glow of revival, and it is with a quickened breath and eager interest that we watch Harley on his way to the election, remembering how many destinies are waiting to be concluded on his return. Let us confess that, but for those perplexing things called heroes and heroines, fiction were the most fascinating of arts. But alas ! that impossible uuionof the ideal and actual which is demanded from the unhappy novelist iu tne form of a heroine ; an angel in luxuriant ringlets, and dressed with a due regard to fashion, does not pass muster in these criti cising days. We are not quite sure what to say of Helen and Yiolante— the enthusiast temperament and the domestic one. Helen, a sweet child, does not grow in this book. We are told, but ciiunot be sure, that she has made much progress, an! we certainly have not seen her advance from a girl to a woman. Ou the contrary, Violante does increase in stature and development, aud is a worthy poetic creation, not too distinct, but beautiful and ardent enough to be Harley's inspiring genius. There is much vagueness, too, about Leonard. Perhaps it belongs to him rightly in his character of poet ; but we think we could have endured a more distinct view ; though there are, indeed, times when this young hero recalls to our recollection a por trait we have seen of Burns, where there are the sweet half-surprised eyes — that slightest touch of the feminine which belongs to the poetic character, and the bright, ingenious youthful look, as innocent as it is noble, which should be the singer's too. ) We are of necessity passing over much of/ this book, and of its characters, full and over brimming as it is, and can scarcely pause to specify Dick Avenel, with his ambition, his I smartness, his humbug, yet his English good looks and manliness ; nor the subdued- and admirable sketch of his father and mother. There i3 good Mrs Hazeldean too, and ' poor' VIrs Dale, and big John Burley, and al'/ the Italian interlocutors, good and evil. W e can scarcely count the individuals for the crowd, yet we can say with safety that every member of the crowd is an individual ; four mighty volumes full, yet every page rich with its owu attraction. And so ends the greatest pro duction which Sir E. B. Lytton has yet given to the world. Thus far we have done our best to justify our judgment of tho merit of this great writer. With all his faults, we belief him to bo unri valled in his vocation. Ho has a broader grasp, a fuller life, than any one of his con temporaries; a more easy and perfect know ledge of all the manifold phases of humanity— 'The Varieties of English Life.' He is never at a loss whatever the class into which tho exigencies of his story lead him; but is equally felicitous in the stately and decorous Earl of Lansmere, and in the ruined genius of Burley; in that kindest of homoeopathists who tries to harden his heart by means of globules; and in the country tradesman's proud old wife who preserves the good fame of her family with the sternness of a Spartan. Widow Fair- field, Mrs Leslie, and Lady Lansmere, are equally characteristic; and had the author been ?a man of unknown rank and name we should have found it quite impossible to tell in which class he was most at home. Genius alone does not give this wonderful facility; and these books could only have been written in the prime of a long- trained and much experi enced maturity, and by a mind which not content with mere knowledge of the world, has exercised its groat powers to penetrate, not only into the more splendid mysteries of our existence, but into the homely heart of everyday life. Yet the reputationfof Sir E. B. Lytton contrasts strangely with these his more finished productions. This reputation is a restless, brilliant, dazzling piece of ronown. flashing ia our eyes with irregular and versatile splenfl our, and not at all like the steady light and broad full atmosphere in which his genius has now developed itself. In spite of his com plaints and protests we cannot separate him from his heroes; and to the imagination of most of his readers, the all-accomplished ex quitism of Pelham and the romantic genius of Glanville unite in the author, who constantly piques our curiosity and excites and rouses our interest, by his impatience of his past achievements and daring rush upon tho un quered. Uncontented with one triumph he forgets what he has gained to-dav in tho new enterprise into which hie throws himself to-morrow. He is never satis fied to leave a field of adventure unvisited or a trial of strength unessayed. Instead of building himself up in his stronghold of undis puted excellence, a new opportunity of distinc tion has always a charm irresistible for this Orlando of literature. 'If a path be dangerous known, Tho danger's self were lure alone.' And there is an Admirable Crichtonism in his universal accomplishments, which gives a cer tain charm, fresh and boyish, to the sober and splendid Victories of the man.. We are re minded of Pelham's adventure with the pugi listic earl, who tempts the dandy to a bout at singiesticK, witn tne amiaole aud good-humored purpose of breaking the dandy's head for him. Tno exquisite humors the savage and defends himself with affected awkwardness till he is weary of the rough sport, when suddenly, with easy skill, he lays his rude opponent at his feet, and (like Hogginarmo) there was an end of him. 'Calton played well enough for a gentleman, says Mr Polham, ' but he was ao match for one who, at the age of thirteen beat the Life Guardsman at Angelo's.' And we can believe that Bulwor himself as little as his hero could endure the superiority even of tho Guardsman at singlestick. That national attribute which runs through so many great and so many little matters — that ' wont be beat ' — which inspires our armies in the field and strengthens Mrs Perkins for tho labors, of her ball — is strong in the nature of Bi.r Edward. His conscious power carries him on with a gay and rapid impulse. He flies at everything in the rush of his high blood and eager spirit ; and tempts, defies, and dawzles criticism in his endless changes. Perhaps more fables aro told of him than of any other name in literature ; — such rose:colored bowers the popular fancy erects for its Sybarite — such dainty stories believes of his luxurious retire ment. Did he don a smock-frock for the nonce to beguile us, we still could see only a superb dandy in the author of ' Pelham ;' for it is difficult to believe that even in. this par ticular our novelist would tamely suffer himself to be surpassed. It !s not in our role to discuss tho qualities of Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton as a dramatist, a poet, or an orator ; but we know, as all the world knows, that in each of these avenues to fame he has pretensions, and that if his suc cess there does not yet entitle him to the highest, it still confers upon him a distinguished place. To very few men has fallen such a lot of universal achievement — to very few, such unvarying distinction. One triumph is gene rally as much as one life is good for ; but this man has won all the prizes in this brilliant lottery— has triumphantly rescued and in creased the laurels which once seemed about to glide from his grasp, and has rung tho changes upon the sweet bells of imagination and philosophy, only to gain from them, at each touch of his bold and rapid finger a new and varying fame. We will not congratulate our author on his triumphs ; but we will congratulate him that he has lived to fulfil the high promise of his youth — that he has outlived all that could make his name a questionable sound in the literature of his country, aud nobly obliterated the impression made by that one unfortunate period of his literary career, which had almost lost for him, not success, but the good opinion of good men. Sentimentalism may sometimes wake weak echoes of false sentiment ; but we can never persuade ourselves into love for tho overstrained, tho exaggerated, or the criminal, either in reality or fiction. To the two last works of Sir E. B. Lytton, on the contrary,, we turn with affectionate gratitude. There are few men in the world who could introduce us on familiar terms to the society of Austin Caxton, to the friendship of Roland, or make us privy to the amicable controversies of Dr. Riccabocca and Parson Dale. For placing such society within our power we owe the author no common thanks ; and in tendering them, we do not repeat only our belief that he has won thereby the highest place in modern literature, but — a greater matter — that he has made a fit use of the genius with which he is gifted, and done his devoir gallantly and well for his great audience the people — as a man had need to do who exercises one of the great est faculties bestowed upon earth, under the eyes of Heaven. 