THE THEATRES. COPPIN'S OLYMPIC. Tho Irish Attorney whom Mr Brooke intro duced to a Melbourne audience on Saturday evening, is one of the O'Haras of Gal way, a rollicking roystering Irish gentleman of the 18th century, brought up on the ' old, high blooded, four-bottled, five-barred system,'' — a warm-hearted, hot-headed Emeralder , who would drink with his friends all night, and fight with them next morning. This gay springald enters into partnership with a slow and steady solici tor in Yorkshire, and si&nalizes; his introduction to the firm by the donation of half a guinea to tho managing clerk, which he enjoins him to spend in a bowl of punch, and warns him against returning to the office sober, under the penalty of having all his bones broken. In the course of twelve hours, this rattling Irishman con trives to revolutionize the business of the office, advises one client to call out an editor, chal lenges another himself, prevents the service of an important writ, burns sundry briefs, under takes to ride a horse-race, addresses a deputa tion (on a right- of-way case), in the style of Cicero haranguing tho conscript fathers, and winds up his oration by donning the jockey-cap and coat, and inviting the astounded rustics to accompany him and witness the race, which brought down the curtain at the close of the first act, with a roar of laughter and applause, and led to a vociferous call, for Mr Brooke. In the second act the Irish Attorney comes home drunk from the race, makes love to the cham bermaid, quarrels with his partner, coerces a knave into an act of justice and restitution, rescues a young girl from an obnoxious mar riage and secures her hand for the man of her choice, and finally demonstrates to the York shire lawyer that all his (Mr O'Hara's) esca pades have combined to increase the business and enhance the reputation of the firm. And everybody being satisfied, the curtain falls upon one of those ' happy families' which dramatists delight to arrange in a semicircle at the close of their plays. Mr Brooke's Pierce O'PIara is as excellent in its way as his Felix O'Callaghan and Murphy Maguire, and cannot fail to become equally popular. The actor enters so earnestly into the spirit of every character he undertakes, that he arouses a corresponding earnestness both of attention and applause on the part of the spec tators ; and'his uniform success is due to his exhibition of this quality no les3 than to his great histrionic talents. The burletta of Midas furnished us with an opportunity of seeing Mrs Emma Waller in one of her best roles. Her Apollo agreeably reminded us of old times, when Mrs Waylett and Mrs Honey were in their prime, and musical bur lettas were as popular as Italian operas are now. The character of Apollo offers very little scope for acting. It is only requisite that the god should look well and warble sweetly ; and in both these respects Mrs Waller is capable of fulfilling the requirements of the most exigent. Her ' Pray Goody please to moderate,' was a charming piece of vocalization, and well de served the vehemently-demanded encore which it received. - ' I'll roam the dewy bowers,' was another gem, and its repetition was also called for with unequivocal manifestations of gratifi cation and applause. The Midas of Mr Coppin and the Pan of Mr Hill merit conspicuous notice; and the 'ascent of Apollo to the realms of bliss' constituted a brilliant finale to the piece. This evening Hamlet will be produced, with Mr Brooke as the Prince, Mrs Waller us Ophelia, and Mr It. Younge as the Ghost. 