SEniRtTAru.-A typographical error occurred in our ltst publication, which although not calcu lated in any way to mislead our readers, may as well be formally corrccled. iThe error in cquestion appeared in our notice of the previous night's pert lnriaure. at tile 'Theatre, where the word tetigit is converted into tetiget. 'Tiir 'Trl .\A' I r .-''here are doubtless many fI'our rcaders who on the day whlen " tile white cliffs of Alhiotn" faded from ltheir sight, bade a -orrowvt'l adieu to the refined pleasures which Iabnund in the world's metropolis, ain:l inadie lll their mnittls to clicounter with as good a grace as 'hey ccolll ninlcter up, tile intrllectual, as well a'. the material wiklerness to which they imagincd tinnI? elvCe , iprocedlit . 1 IIF try slucl Ileroic'ntlli vidu Il where present at the llheitre last tvcninlg. we fancy the te.t of c ell-denial they h:ad imlnpted 'I'on theniwelves, untIlt have heen gtcativ di hinlichedl. "'Ti true, we cannot get into Drury Lane, it the first act of hlle great dlraam:, but we cal well Imagine ouraelves enterling at the half. price. Those who can enjo a light comedy, have I the opportunity of ratiying- their taste to the utmost, and as for hose who cannot, we must offer them our sincere condolence. We only hope that they may see the effect of Banquo s ghost, upon the startled guests at the feaset, in good season, and that we may be present to enjoy thle grandeur of the spectacle with them. In the meantime we will console ourselves whenever the opportunity offers with lighter enjtoyment, and we trust that they will be wise enough to act likewise. VWe are quite certain that it will be long before we can do so mnore thoroughly than fell to our lot last evening. Ve do not hesitate to assert that the performance of the "' The Eton Boy." which we then witnessed, has never heen surpassed upon colonial boards. Adopting tlhe " modus in rebus" as our critical motto, we desire to avoid, on the one hand, fulsome eulogy or hypercritical severity, but we appeal to all whlo were present to decide whether we are justified in maintaining that the manner in which this conmlediettawas Irought out was not free from imperfection. We saw tihe piece tor thie first time on this occasion, and we may therefore say a few words respecting our impression ofit as a dramatic composition. In the bills it is termed a "successfil farce;" but however much it may merit the introductory epithet, it is scarcely entitled t) the succeeding designation. If we are to associate the term fatrce withl the broad humour which generally characterises such compositions, it would be almost a libel to confer the title upon this production, whose wit is only surpassed by its freedom from anything apiproaching to vulgarity. liaving said this, it is surely enough to add, lthat thle manner in which It was performed was fuilly worthy its intrinsic merits. It has been observed of Congreve's diamas, that the brilliancy of the dialogues was almost too uninterrupted, and in the same mannier we might assert, that if there were any fault is thle Commedietta of which we are now speaking it consisted in the unbroken mirth which it evoked. We candidly confess it was above our criticism, and we believe this ad mission will be echoed by all who were present at its performance; and itn giving our verdict as between the impersonators of thle various characters. we feel bound to madjudge thle "honors divided." We have no space to comment upon thle remainder of tihe evening 's cntertainments, nor is it necessary to do so as they were a repetition of tihose of the previous night, and were we- to comment upon them we could only repeat thle judgment we have already pronounced. WVIiERne ARE TrI POT.rCE ?-Some time since we drew attention to the disgraceful state into whlich the footpath on thle southern side of lM'I.illop-street. between Moorabool and Ghering hap'streets, is after every shower reduced by tie traffic of horses and drays which pass over it. in order to shorten, by a few steps, the journey to Chilwell and thereabouts; subsequently one of the police office officials was addressed on this matter. who pruomised to see the evil remedied. But no thing has as yet been done, although tihe rates are duly called for by the tax c .llector, precisely as if they were benelitted by services similar to those rendered to the dwellers nearcr Market-square. To prove that-the services of the police are required in this part of the town, we may mention that, yester. day afternoon, one of thle residents in that street caught three young urchins stealing the fruit trees from the garden at the back of his house ; the biggestboy he secured and took .some way down Aloorabool-street, with the intention of giving him in charge to a policeman. After going some way for this purpose without seeing any of this frater nity, and the lad promising that thle trees which had been stolen on thle previous day should be returned, he was allowed to escape the punishment he really deserved. Yesterday evening another proof was afforded of the impunity with which wrong doing may beperpetrated within this locality, On thle Government Reserve, just beyond Christ Church, and extending fronm loora bool to Yarra-street, a few native trees still remain to gladden the eyes of those who cannot afford time or mtoney to travel further inland to enjoy such a sight. One by one, however, they are rapidly disappearing, and last night just before eight o'clock, two men were busily employed in lopping off tlie limbs of a fresh victim, which will be easily removed under cover of thle darkness, and thle naked trunk alone will this morning stand to tell the tale. Our informant's business required him to pass down Yarra-street, and he intenlded to give notice of what was going on if he saw any of the class paid to watch over such matters. Not one of these gentry, however, were visible until he reached thie Geelong Hotel, before which one was quietly pacing in the pleasant lamp light; and having no elxpectation that such a delectable spot would willingly be exchanged for one in darknes and at a distance, the intention was at once abarndoned; and the infractors of Crown Land Regulations were consequently allowed to perpe trate their mischief unmolested. It is a remark able fact, that when a policeman is wanted, he seems to bear a sort of charmed life, almost to become a myth; he never can be found by the uninitiated ; and people wonderingly ask, Where iare the police ? They are gregarious, they have their favorite hauntss and most certainly they are likely to be found where servant girls are to be gossiped with, and tempting nobblers are offered to and imbibed by their thirsty lips. SUDDEN DEATH..-We regret to announce that on yesterday a much respected inhabitant of Gee long, Mr Isaac Cullen, met with his death under circumstances of the most painful nature (the report being that he committed suicide). As the peculiar circumstances attendant on this very Isudden and deplorable occurrence will form the prescribed practice in such cases, we forbear allu ding to the details which have already reached us, until they shall have been adduced) in the course of a legal investigation. CIacuiT CounT.-The following is a list of the causes for trial at the Geelong CircuitCourt, to he holden on the 20th instant :-For Assessment Cowrie and another Excs. &c.; v. Brearley and another, M'Donald v. Marshall, Gibson and another v. Short and another. For Trial-(Before a special Jury of four.)-O'Meara v, Oakley, M'Earlick v. Macrae, Ogilvie v. Pattison, Day v. Gibson, Tillatt and another v. Nash and another, Smith v. Mulhair, Bell and another v. Weire, Catanach v. Knox, Nickless v. Peck, Douglass v. Hutton, Wilson v. Levien; Paget v. Sweetman; Mackay v. Mayor, &c.;, of Geelong; Lyall v. Kimber ; Digntan v. Hogan : Ford v. O'Connor; Pettigrew v. Brearley and another. Before a Special Jury of twelve :-Bayldon v. Mayor, &e.;, of Geelong. IMPROVEMtENTS IN HATS.-Mlessrs T. & L. Wilkinson, of Moorabool-street, have now brought to maturity their novel and ingenious plans for manufacturing hats that are really ventilating. The defect in ventilating hats on the old principle is, that, although porous min the centre of the crown to permtit egress of heated air, they contain no pro vision for admitting cooler air. This defect is remedied in Illessrs \Vilkinson's hats by interpos ing narrow strips of soft cloth at distances of about a quarter of an inch apart all round the inside, between the body of the hat and the leather lining. Openings are thus left for the admission of cool air, which as it gets heated, will escape through a porous circle in the centre of the crown. Other collateral advantages are secured by the strips of cloth placed under the leather lining; the hat fits easier, and at the same time feels more secure on the head. Gentlemen who ta freely use "Macassar," will not have the fact made patent to the world by a broad circle of greasy stain, whereon the dust delighteth to stick. Besides all these advantages, the hats are good per se, light, elegant, moderate in price; and although the Messrs. Wilkinson have not patented their im provements, no doubt they will reap an ample reward, and their ventilating hats come into use simultaneously with the advent of summer and of better times. [ADVERiTISEMENT.]-Attention is requested to the sale of sheeprkins, groceries, &c.;, this day, by John Davison, at his rooms, at 12 o'clock. [A DVE RtTI SE M ,ENT.1-Attention is requested to the saleoftwo cargoes of hardwood timber, of 65,332 feet, ex Jane and Bristol, from Van Diemen's Land. Sale, this day, Saturday, 12 o'clock, on Hutton's ballasting wharf. Particulars see advertisement. J. B. Hutton, auctioneer. 