' ' ' COhPIN'S OLYMPIC. . ' II.lxr.etc — If Hamlet do6s not preseni — as we are inolincd to .holievc it does,so-fiir as tlie charaetcr of tho Priucq is concerncil— a mimite nmV fiiitliful pic ture of the great dramatist's own mind, at otic parti- citliir epoch of his life, we cannot help regarding it ns.-cxliihiting the mental anatomy of almost every; man of genius ill. early youth- or manhood. Wo nrb not speaking rif the -robust and ;hnydy "lieirs of fame," -of 'men like Sentt, and Sidney, and Cervantes, for tliey dn lint symbolize .the class. _ . (Tliey are not " representativp Wen." ' Tliey present , rare and en viable combinations of mental intelligence, moral strength, and enrporenh hardihood ; -but liave little in common with .their less 'active/ equally iiiutgiua- live, and more sensitive brethren. We refer to tliosc .who .truly tyjlify tho vnt'x irritabile,—in inen like Tnsso, .Ciimoeiis, l'ctmrch, Cliiittertoii,. Savage, Col- doni, Otniiy, Pollico, Coivper,; Burns," Rousscatt, 'Shelley, atitl a host of others whom it is' unnecessary to specify.' Every faithful biographical, memoir, of moil like these, will bo found to illustrate the infill- .once of feelings mid emotions idouticul with those wliieli' 'distinguished "Haiiilet, in sdt fur as those feelings nrb spontaneous— natural ti'i (hit. individual, and not expressly referable to the lumiriiful train of oircuuistnuees by which ho is ' surrounded, imd iu .which ho plays so tragical a part. For, ho it; ob served,, tho' main peculiarities of Hamlet's character arc not the ; result of circumstances ; < they existed prior to the murder. of liis father and tlie'ill-omeued ni'iirringo of his mother. These events did not croato those peculiarities, -but merely gave : tliom form aud pressure. .Ilis gloom was constitutional and inera dicable. 1 If nothing had occurred to agitate tile cur rent of liis life, the probability is that lie would have become another Jacques, 'Mstiiigqislicd by the utter-, ance: of .profound and exqiiisito moralities, ,aud " much given to allieholy anil musing." ' . r Reverting, however, to our fundamental proposition,. — that deeply-rooted and 'hypochondriacal melan choly, .tlioso words of strange null earnest 'meditation — those sudden bursts of violent passion or of fitful uiirtli— that commingling of wisdom nnd levity— of stcilfust purpose end of wayward impulse— of ten derness and harshness, of the forecast, philosophy, mid gravity of age, with tho foryour, and vivacity of youth,— lire, we ventiiro to nfjlnn, nq essentially, tlie. chnracterislips of nine-tenths uf those who lwvo been eminent for poetic genius,' ns of the Princo of Deumnrk. , We conld undertake, in fact, to write a commentary upon the passionate speeches aud soli loquies of Hamlet, every word of which should illustrate or be selected from the autobiographies arid memoirs 'of the poets. - .1 As h metaphysical study, tlio clinraotcr of Hninlet will,(i)ways bo a source of interest and perplexity. We repent' qgy belief tliat Shiikspenre found its ele ments .within' Ills bwtrmih'd. gnthered.them into a chiBteri yivifietl them ' with tlie Proin'etlienu fire of his own genius, surrounded his crentidn with a web of dark and fearful cirumnstaiice, nndninde tlie clia-, raotor'at' oiice a ninrvel anil a- mystery. While reading,' the play it seems to us as if its author lind thought aloud — uttering hi3 thoughts by fits and.euatclics, but leaving licfo and there a link defective ill the chain of his discourse; which tho stndont'bqpelossly endeavours '.to piece out and per- fectly. unite. .- , . ; In Mr. Brooke's Hamlet, tlie intelligence of the actor's mind exhibits, itself liiore constantly and pfamiucntly tlinn in his ' siisteiitntioii of any charac ter in which Re Jms ' yet nppearcd. We i liiive seen Hamlets iniiiimerable, hni : mnst ' award to this notor's tlie ' praise of beiiig in . niaijv respects nil originnl rendering of tlie jinrt, and frequentjy be- tmyiiig'n commendable independence of' tradition niul authority. It wns nn iutollectiinl ' treat to see olio of tlio . most intellectual characters in the whole range of tlie Sliaksperitui dramas interpreted jn spell ! nn .intellectual spirit, and with so fine an appreciation of those subtleties wbioli , escape the attention of the onrolepz rqn()er, and are also missed by tlie mechanical actor. " Comparing Mr. Brooke's portraiture of Hamlet to tho productions of the pencil, wo' should say that it combined tlie breadth) vigor, rind vividness of oiie of Ciqrgione's portraits; with , the minuteness of detail and elaborate finish; of one ofMnes's. When we contrasted ibis grtistto filling- in- of every subor dinate feature, rind nccideiita) shadow ;of the charao- ter,'wit1i tiio'bohl and riigged outline, hpf outline oniv,' wliieli tlie actor . sketched some twelvo or four- teen years ago, wo perceived how umeh s the highest hisirionic ability owes to practice, ..observation, and experience)'' - ' , ; If tliere were any present who liad' never read tlie play, tliey must -hare-' obtained/ from Mr.' Brooke's rendering of the priiieip.il character, a more accu rate conception .of its mare salient features, tliiui they, would derive from liulf-n-dozcii perusals of lite drama in their own closets. ; Irresolnto ; retrospec- tivo h'y hithit, nnd . reficctiyo by the natural constitu tion of his mind ; brave in resolve, but wavering in the execution of liis purposes ; alfectioiiiitc, vclie- iuent) quick of perceplion, andpronfa to speculate on the inysterio3 wliieli surround- lis here, and the pro- founder' mysteries which await us hereafter,— this was the Hamlet of last night, and a elose approxi- illation to what its author designed die ehiiraeter should bo, so far as our own imperfect conception of it goes. -The soliloquies were very effectively given | tho interview with the ghost awed the house into breath less' silence ; nnd tlie injunction Io dic players was deliVcred so mliiiiniblr, mid enforced such'salntary lessons, diet ,tvo emild wish it were read by Mr. Brooke, once n weck iu a.full convocation of all the actors in Victoria. ' The plav scene wns not so impressive nstjio same soene enacted by Mr. Macready anil his associates ; hut ITrimlet's dialogue with his mother 'displayed skill aud power of die highest order. Writing lit this Into hour, linwcvor,' (for the tragedy occupied nearly four hours ill its performance) - we elm ouly priticise discursively and superficially. ' ' : ; \ To tho Ophelia, of .Mrs, Waller we have only- to offer die objection which applies to all lier , juvenile cliaraeters— the ungii lish quality of her: voice. JiFeiv 'actresses, : however, 'could , infuse more,, feeling or ' greater sweetness into tliose " snutclie3 of old tunes" which site ."chaunts as., one incapable of ' Iter , own distress," or have displayed more patlios in , the de livery of the passage—" I hoj.o idl will be well. We most be. patient ; imt l caurint choose . but wee), to think they should lay him i' -tho cold ground,. . My brother elin.ll' know-Vof iti'aiid'so l thriiik ' yon for yonr.goad counsel, c Come,- my ooaoli ifGood night, ladies ; good niglit, s\vcet Indies p.good' nigkt, good night.";, ' -1- - -. Mnsi. Walieu,— Tlie burletta of Mides fiirnislicd us widi en opportuiiity. of seeing Jrrs.Einma- Waller in pno of-her. best' rd/es. .Her: Apollo ...agt'eeably reminded us, of old dines,; when Mrs. Waylelt aucl Mrs. jHo'ucy, wore In tliejr "priiiio, aiiil musical bur) lottos were as tpopular as Italian operas are .now. The' oharactcr pf Apollo offers very .little scope , for acting. It is dhly reqiiisite' diet die grid should look well and warble sweedy ; and' inihoth tticso respects I Mrs. Waller is capalile of fulfilling the reqitircinciita of-' the most exigeant. Her "Pray- Goody 'please to moderate," : ivas la oharmiii'g ( piece !of vocalization, . aiul , well deserved the voheraendy/demandetV encore which it received. "I'll ronm the dewy boivfcrs," was another gem, nnd i'ta repetition was also called for with unequivocal manifestations of gratification and applause. The Midas of Mr. Coppiu and the Pan of Mr. llill merit conspie'dohs notice; anil tlie "ascent of Apollo to the renliiis of bliss" constituted a brilliant finale to tlio piece. — /ripe. Found DnowttEU. — -Yesterday e, veiling, nboiit six o'clock, a man wns found drowned a sllort disinucd below Siiupson's-road Punt. 116 . is stiyipciscil In have escaped from tho Ytlrrri litaild LiuiridB Asylum on Fridny week last: Tins Mayoralty! — it is sniil tliat the result of tho municipal elections wilt give a ninjority of two in fa vour of die re-election- to tlio mayoralty of Mr. J. T. Smith. Thc..olection:will, :\yo believe, take plaoo on Friday, the OdiTrist.' ' . TiiE.TtiEATnEs.--" Lucia di Lammermoor" was repeated nt the; Theatre Royal,' on Saturday evening, to a thinner. attendance than- wo expected to find. The'lrist night ain. tile-week,' however, is not in this colony a , fayoiirnl)lq one for. die. theatres, mid the couiiteraotivo'excltcment of ! tlio cietoiis, no doubt, operated projudieinlly -ngninst the interests of this establishment. /The opera will; bp performed for die .third time to-morrow.— At the Olympio, lin'Snturday 'night) Mr. .Brooko/nppeared,. for die ; first time m this country, "as Riordo p'Htira in the oapital two-iict farce of. The. Irish Attorney.". -Tho roltickiug hu mour with 'which' the cliriraoter is invested by Mr. Brooke evoked shouts of laughter from his aiidienco ; and, uhlitmgli we doubt whether tlio performance was, in point oL merit, equal to the ' same actor's O'Callnghan, ' yet it is clever,' and at all events an- sworeil tho purpose of bbth.nutllor and actor, by se- enring in-- die most unqualified manner the success .of the piece. The 'afterpiece 'was the burletta of "-, Midas, now grown somewhat ro coco as regards die music and the spoken dialogue, ' Mrs. Waller, as Apollo, looked the recognised portrait of die gofi to perfection, '.and her saucy assumption of imitie/e completely fascinated the- updience. Our limited' space will not permit of diffusion, hut we hope i to be ill a position, -on die repetition of diis cliarining performance, to .-do . juetifo to it. Tills evening " Homlof wiii be perforincd for the "first time' at die Olympic, Mr.' Brooke playing the principal diameter and Mrs. Waller appearing in . tlio part of /Ophelia, whicli is said.to be the 'finest oflier impersqnaliohe. 