AND TASMANIAN. HOBART TOWN, MAY 30. 1855. THE RECENT MURDERS. WE are not put one to take alarm with reference to our personal safety and have, we hope, outlived those days when ima filiation pictured a ghost in the moonlight beneath every tree along the sides of a lonely bye-road. Nor would we unnecessarily create alarm in others. Nothing is more easy than to affect the nerves of people generally, and throw them into an 82 any of trepidation and anxiety. But really these numerous murders so recently transpiring, and the cate with which the perpetrators seem to select their victims, may well provoke our tears. At one time we hear of various atrocities up the country, then within a mile or two of a country township respectable, settlers are stopped, and robbed. Bye and bye, as if impunity only aggravated | the passions of men, settlers leaving their houses to come up to town, or town to be a turn to the country, are missed, sought I for, yet not found. Then a gentleman, ' one of our oldest and most respectable I settlers, is missed, found at last with the life extinct, the head horribly mutilated, I and all for the sake of seven or nine sove t reigns, and a gold watch. From the local , lies selected as the scene of their various operations, and the skill evinced in the 1 evasion of pursuit, and from the defence I nation with which the object of the murderers appears to be carried out, it is evident ! that they do not belong to any ordinary class of malefactor. And indeed, if it be true as it has been asserted, that the men , now out, sore all of them old Norfolk I Islanders, we shall cease to wonder at the fact that their doings are accompanied by so much during, cunning, and atrocity. The capture of Rocky Whelan, in one of the most populous thoroughfares of Ho barTon, and the knowledge that his mate " Dido," has more than once been seen in our streets of late, does not pledge pose the public to regard the occurrence of these outrages with greater favour it but on the contrary, a sort of insecurity is already used ping a position in the public mind. Our records, and the memories of older colonists, are replete with instances of such murders having place in the very streets of the town, and with such determined desperate, and practised villains about, we can never be certain that such outrages should not even now be repeated. There is no need to enter into a discussion on the merits of the Norfolk Island establishment. It may have been expedient to break up that establishment altogether, or it may not. But certainly nothing can justify the fact that the Government, far from ignorant of the desperate character of the men confined there, should have brought them up to Hobart Town, and dispersed them throughout the colony. It might be expected, and was no more than natural, that trebly convicted desperadoes should very speedily Strow impatient of all restraint, and take to the bush, earning their bread by the blood of better men. The Legislative \- Council foresaw the consequences, and at the close of the year 1853 actually petitioned against the adoption of a course which could not fail to and as we see it does, you have no present means of ascertaining whether the proper authorities have, or have not, used sufficient diligence in the endeavour to discover the perpetrators of these recent outrages. At one thing we have been very much surprised, that the Government should not have offered a money reward for the capture of these of fenders. Conditional Par dons have been offered, it is true, but a conditional pardon is every day becoming of less import and significance in the colony. We are no advocates of the system watch would bribe men to do light, but inasmuch RS money is almost the only argument which these fellows' companions recognise as having a genuine and marketable value, we might very properly bribe them to commit a lesser villainy in the betrayal of the offenders, than the greater one of concealing them from the ends of justice. And there is another measure which is, we think, necessary to the public safety. There North Ik Island men ought, all of them, immediately to be drafted to Port Arthur. We should, then, know where they are, and be able to guard against their incursions. As it is, who is secure? There are, it is said, some four hundred of them assigned out in various directions. 