CHINA. Shanghai. — 'We have dates from this port to 8th instant. Wo regret to announce the loss of the British: barquo Ranee, particulars of which have not, however, reached us. It is understood that the greater number of her crew have been lost, as well as Mr Frederick King, of the firm of King and Co., who was on | the eve of returning home. Mr King had been ifnr mn.nv vfinrs in China, and was hiehlv esteemed by the whole mercantile community. It is also reported that the Agnes foundered in a gale of wind when off the island of Chusan. The Iona, a coasting clipper, belonging to Messrs Jardine, Matheson and Co., was ob served within a day's run of Woosang, but ?never making her appearance, very serious fears are entertained for her safety. She was commanded by Captain Dowman, a most able seaman. The brig Clown, Captain Lacy, has also been lost, but without loss of life. — Ovtr - land Register , September 15. The Bishop of Victoria proceeds by the mail steamer of th's day as passenger to Galler en route to Calcutta, where, in accordance with a commission recently issued by the Crown, his lordship is about to assist the metropolitan of India, in conjunction with the Bishop of Madras, in the consecration of the Bishop elect of Labuan, which island, being British territory, gives the title to the new diocese, comprising the territories of Rajah Sir James Brooke, and the various missionary stations of the Church of England in the course of esta blishment on the mainland of Borneo. The consecration is fixed to take place on St. Luke's Day next, October the 8th. We hear that our own diocesan is likely to visit Java on his return, at the request of the English congregation at Batavia, and will probably arrive in Hcng Kong in December. - Overland Friend of China, September 15. The Ranee left Foochow with a cargo for Ningpo on the 16th- ult. On the 21st it blew so hard, and the weather looked so bad, that Captain Campbell deemed it prudent to let go both anchors in about five fathoms water, off a place which the Chinese call Saddo, some where south of Wanchew. At dusk the chains parted, and whilst endeavoring to beat off the shore the vessel struck on a rock. Within an hour afterwards she parted in two and broke up. The foreigners of the crew and a passenger, Mr Frederick King (of the firm of King and and Co.), twelve persons in all, jumped overboard — the two survivors re maining, clinging to part of the wreck until daylight, when they were washed off, and then saved themselves by aid of a spar, with which they managed to reach the shore. In a house near the place where they landed they remained two days, during which nothing was heard of either of their late shipmates. Five bodies of foreigners were seen floating, lashed, the two Chinese say, all together. It was so dark when the Ranee broke up that there was no opportunity for observing what became of the rest of the crew and the passengers. In all thirty-three persons were on board when the Ranee left Foochow. One of the survivors is a Shancrhae man. the other, the cook, was shipped at Foochow. Travelling overland afoot, the survivors reached Ningpo iu eight days. On learning the above melancholy intel ligence, Mr David King (brother of the missing Mr F. A. King) started with the two Chinese to the place ol. the wreck, and it is hoped he will find that a better fortune- has befallen those now lamented as dead. — Ibid. Allied Fleet. — There is no further intelli gence from the Allied Fleets in the north, ex cept that Admiral Stirling has detached a force under Commodore Elliot sufficient to cope with the Eussian fleet, should he again, have the luck to fall in with it; while the Admiral himself, fortunately perhaps, winds up another season in the mazes of Japanese diplomacy. — Overland China Mail, Sept. 15. By a report obtained from good authority, it appears that over 10,000 men have been pub licly executed in Canton since February 15th, or Chinese new-year; further inquiries on this point are in the course of being made, and the total may turn out to be greater rather than less. The same authority states the number put to death at Shauking fu at twenty-seven t.liniiRnnrl nnrl about twentv- five thousand n,t. t.hn taking of the fort at Blenheim Reach, and the subsequent captures among the villages there abouts. In many places houses have been erected where suspected or proscribed persona may commit suicide, and thus save their pos thumous reputations, and be buried by their families; and hundreds are said to have gone to these places where their bodies would be identified, and put an end to themselves by hanging or taking opium. Many women, probably those who have lost all hopes of sup port or safety, have also destroyed themselves. Such things as these show how sad is the state of the native society, and how wide spread is the desolation the insurrection has caused in this province. Its results, so far as one can judge, have been unmitigated evils to the people of all parties. On the 9th instant, one of the leaders, named Kam Sin, was put to death by the lingering punishment, having been cut up into 108 pieces. There are three grades of this mode of execution, the other two, where the criminal is divided into 24 or 36 parts, not being considered so disgaceful. This leader headed the bands which threatened the north of the city last autumn and winter. More than 500 of lesser note were executed tho same day ; and on one day last mon^h, over 700 were killed. There has been a festival of seven days lately held, something like an All SouJs festival, for the repose of the spirits of rthe officers and soldiers killed during the con test, so that their manes may ' leap the shades.' Large contributions have been given by high authorities, and most of the religions ceremonies have taken place near the execu tion ground, where it is doubtless supposed that more ghosts flit than elsewhere. One of the most affectiag sights connected with this matter, that of a hundred or more coolies lounging along the street, waiting for the exe cutions, that they may pounce upon and seiza the yet palpitating bodies, and hurry off with them to pits. Certainly, a Government that can put its subjects to death in this manner, can hardly be called a weak one ; any more than the insurrection which involved such loss, can be regarded as popular.— Ibid. Miss W ? says she would like very much to do something so as to have her ' name in the paper.' We have advised her to get some one to have his name put in with her. — Niagara Mail. 