MB. KINGSTON'S RESOLUTIONS. It matters very little whether justice is done by means of the hon. member for tlie Burra or by means of the hon. the Colonial Secretary : the main thing is for the country to he satisfied. , Yet there is, or ought to be, something like decency and courtesy in political arrangements as well as in the other affairs of sooial life. Wc can show, in very few words, that the treatment received by Mr. Kingston, in connection with the resolutions submitted by liirn on Tuesday, was anything but courteous or consistent. In order to give the Government an opportunity of testing the feeling of the House in reference to constitutional questions, the hon. member for the Burra prepared a series of resolutions, indicating the leading features that the country would expect to -find in the Bill enacting a new Constitution. These resolutions were seen and approved of .by various representa- ' trrc members. The resolutions were on the notice-book of the House, and Overy member:: ef the Government was perfectly cognizant of; ■their nature. From remarks dropped by Mr. Kingston in Tuesday's debate, it appears that' the Government had intimated their intention to allow Mr. Kingston's resolutions to take precedence of the motion for the second read ing of the BilL It is important that this point should he distinctly noted, namely, that the Government liad agreed to allow Mr. Kingston's resolutions to be proposed, and that ■ they should take precedence of the order of the day for the second reading • of the Constitution BilL \7 Or Monday Mr. Torrens was announced as aincmber of tke Executive, aud on -Tuesday morning, about an hour before Cour.eil met, tlie Executive held a meeting. The result of that meeting was a -determination -to rescind the arrangements <of the day before, and to op- ! pose tbe introduction of the resolutions by bringing forward the foregone second reading -of the Constitution Bill. Whefeher-lhis sudden -change on the part of the Govemmcnt^be trace able to tbe equally sudden appointment of Mr. Torreus to the Executive, of course we cannot -Hbrmally say : we -give tbe fads. and leave the people to reason from them. It might have-been thought that the Govern- ' ment, having on. Monday consented to the in-, traduction of Mr. Kingston's resolutions, would have condescended to state why they refused their introduction on Tuesday. With still more reason it might- have been thought- that, after withdrawing the given permission, they would liave treated Mr. Kingston with as much liberality as possible in the altered situ ation in which: they had placed him. But hi ! this remarkable business Government appear ! to have been ng reckless of what was due to ■Mr. Kingston as of what was due to their own political consistency. After -signifying their consent to the.introduct-ion of his resolutions, i they suddenly withdraw that -consent., and then' ! express their astonishment and indignation that he persists in doing what they had consented to the day before 1 Mr. Kingston-was severely handled during the. debate for his.alleged unreasonableness in pre paring counter-resolutions to the Government, -when the Government were perfectly willing to : leave every principle of the Bill- an open ques tion in Committee. But how long since have tlie Government -come to that .decision ? Had itbeColonialSecretary, in giving notice of motion for second reading, declare dtliat he should move ! -the preamble, the whole preamble, and nothing - but the preamble, it can scarcely be too much J -to aiflirni that -Mr. Kingston!® resolutions ! would never liare seen the light. The first reading of a Bill:is always, or generally, con ceded without debate; but the .great battle upon its principle invariably takes place on its second reading, and there was every reason to believe -that tbe Government would liave meved .tke second reading of the.Constitution Bill, on..the ordinary understanding that its principles would be ,'tlien affirmed. Under these circumstances Mr. Kingston, .in perfect accordance with parliamentary custom, inter posed his own resolutions, that the principles embodied .in .-those resolutions might- 'be de bated side by side with .the principles enun ciated in the BilL Why did not the Gavern ment announce, when they laid the Bill on the table, -what fliey now, perforce, agree-to— that every clause it contains may be altered or expunged ? They did not- make that -an nouncement because they did not have any f uch intention. His Excellency, in his opening speech, warned the Council against the effects ' of any material alteration in the "details" of his Bill, and if thi6 monition was felt necessaty; against altering details., what must have been tbe objection to subvert principles? Yet now, at the eleventh hour, the Government give up principles and details, and content -themselves with a preamble. Let official hands inscribe the preface, who pleases may compose the book! -Jt was hardly possible, however, for Mr, Kingston to have anticipated all this; yet hon. gentlemen condemn his resolutions because of the open character of the Government measure. The hon, member for the Burra, and those other members who acted with him in reference to the preliminary meetings held on this ques-: tion, have been arraigned with a great show of virtuous indignation by a master of official forms and precedents in our local Legislature Mr. Hart is deeply aggrieved that a number of liberal representatives should have met together for settling preliminary terms of co operation. So great a master of precedents can scarcely be ignorant that in the English Parlia ment Lord Derby, Lord Pahnerston, Lord John Bussell, Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Disraeli, Mr. Hume, and other leaders of party, were continually in the habit of meeting at each other's houses and at clubs, for the pur pose of deciding upon the course of political action to which their strength should be given. And not only is there ample precedent, but the strongest reasons of propriety, in favour of such a course. Nothing shows better than the conduct of the Govern ment in this particular the necessity of the representatives of the people acting in concert. " Divide and conquer" is the motto of the Government, and " Union is strength" should be the motto of the people's representatives. It was said of the ^Tories that they found the "Whigs bathing and stole their clothes, and the idea will equally well apply to Governments generally in their relation to the people. So long as there is the shadow of a chance of successfully resisting the wishes of the people, those wishes are resisted, As goon as the people take their own cause in hand, and manage it with prospect of success, Governments fling away their own principles, endorse what for years they have been denouncing, and abuse the popular leaders, whose words they steal out of their mouths, and from whose hands they snatch the reins of power. The amendment proposed by the hon.member for tlie Burrawason Wednesday withdrawn by that gentleman in favour of the second reading of the Constitution Bill. The facts of the case are pretty generally known, but in order that no misconception should exist upon so impor tant a subject wc shall briefly recapitulate the particulars. When the Government Bill for enacting a new Constitution was laid on the table of the House, it was immediately apparent that that measure did not coincide with the wishes of the community. The best proof of this is the fact, which no one would controvert, that the elected members, who had been returned on this very question, would to a man have repu diated it as a whole, and " as a whole " the Go vernment- requested that it might be considered. His Excellency, in his opening address to the Council, warned the House of the consequence that might follow any material alteration of the details of his Bill. But not only was it impossible for 6Uch a Bill to he agreed to by a majority of the elective members ; it would Iiave been equally impossible for the Govcrn ment to have carried it, even though all the nominees voted with the Executive, The Government had brought in a Bill which the I House would not pass: yet members were | warned by His Excellency from materially j altering even its " details." We presume that these simple fact s will not he denied. ] si The Colonial Secretary had moved the second reading of the Bill. We again repeat, in oppo sition to the elaborate attempts at mystification by -the Advocate-General on Wednesday, arid j despite liis precedents in the Legislative Council j of tliis province, we repeat that the recog nised practice of Parliament, both in England and in this colony, is to affirm, by the second rending of a Bill, its fundamental principles. 'The first reading is pro forma ; on the motion for the second reading the battle of -argument takes place, because to carry the -second reading is to affirm the prin ciple. This the Advocate-General knows. perfectly well; at eh events, if he holds that the second reading of a Bill does not commit the House to any single principle or detail ] which -it contains, be liad better say so dis tinctly. The case, then, stands thus. The sseoud reading of an obnoxious Bill had been given notice oil The second reading of a Bill always includes the adoption -of its principle, and the Government liad not intimated that the-!Oonstitution. Bill was to form an exception to-tfne rule. -Under these circumstances the | hou. member for the Burrawas perfectly, justi fied in meeting an objectionable Bill bya series of popular resolutions. s^JThe res clarions proposed, by Mr. Kingston I were made the subject of discussion between ■various elective members, ft lias been objected i ■ that that diecussion was not invited until after \- the resolutions were placet! on the notice paper This may be true or not; but it concerns the | hou. gentleman's political friends, and is of no moment either to the Government or to his political-opponents. At a, later period, as was stated in the House, Mr. Kingston bad some conference or communication w:"h the Govern ment, and the Government agreed to his reso lutions coming forward, that the House might discuss them before the second reading of the Constitution Bill. We wish to place this matter elecrly before the country. We repeat, therefore, tliat- the Government did agree, on Monday last, to the introduction of Mr. Kingston's resolutions. On Tuesday the scene-changed. A new mem ber had been introduced into the Executive, and a meeting of that body was held, when, about the hour of the meeting of Council, Mr. Kingston was informed that the Government had rescinded their permission, and would oppose the resolutions whose introduction thev agreed to the day preceding. Under these circumstances Mr. Kingston determined .to move liis resolutions as an amendment upon the motion for the second reading of the Bill The Advoeatc-Gcncral and the Colonial Se cretary are indignant that the Goremment breach of compact should . have been referred te in the House. .They say that, if such ex posures take pkxe, the Government cannot privately confer .with hon. members nt nil Bui will the country believe .it, that the Go vernment chain the privilege of breaking faith with.impunity ? The Government did consent to. the introduction of Mr. Kingston's resolu tions, and the permission .given is cancelled J without the consent of the other contracting party. It is not,. however, enough to break faith; fc'lt those who, complain of that breach of faith ere condemned as obstructors of the public business. The, essence of the speeches of the Colonial Secretary and of the Advocat e- i General ;ic this:—Either the Government; cannot come to terms with elected members at • all, or permission must be given to the Govern ment to vielate their compact whenever they see fit, without any public notice being taken of it! Mr. Kingston has been accused of arrogance in bringing .forward a series of resolutions on the Constitution, when the Government, .with the utmost liberality, had declared that every clause in the Bill they introduced was open to any degree of amendment. But when did the Government declare that? Jfot until the House met on Tuesday, and the hou. member for the Burn* was reedy with his propositions. Kot an iota of such intention escaped them before ; and the public will understand that Mr. Kmgston'6 resolutions, together with the known sentiments .of the elective mem bers, alone induced the Government to take that -step. In a manner as extraordinary as it was unparliamentary, the members of j the Government rose, one after the other, proposing in the most humiliating manner to make a tabula rasa of every clause in the Bill, pleading for " the preamble, and the preamble only,'" and assuring tlie Council that if they would but agree to the seeond reading, they should not be considered as pledged to anyone principle, or any one detail, but that they might reconstruct every clause from first to last. We say that the annals of parliamentary proceedings will yield no such illustration of official subserviency in connection with any important public measure. Of course, under such an altered state of things, it would have been needless for Mr. Kingston to persevere. The whole of liis resolutions may he re-pro posed in Committee, with any others that may he afterwards devised. All that the Govern ment plead for is, the formality of having the "ayes" in their favour. Only let the second reading of the Bill be carried, and it is perfectly conceded tlrat every clause in the Bill be rejected. We have heard of the play of Hamlet with the principal part omitted; but the treatment of the Constitution Bill by the Government omits every act, scene, and cha racter in that political drama, except the mere ghost of the preamble! The Government have, in fiict, given up their Bill altogether; and thougli, to save appearances, they may battle for its clauses in Committee, yet, as they have given the Council carte Uanche to remodel every clause, the defeat of Mr. Kingston's resolutions is a much greater victory than their own second reading. The title belongs to the Government, the Bill will be prepared by the House; and thus ends the amendment of Mr. Kingston. 