FISH RIVER CREEK [FROM A CORRESPONDENT] it has often been remarked that the resources of New South Wales are immense. As part of these resources, of course we understand the production of its soil, a partial type of which is regularly to be seen in your Sydney markets; and the various mineral treasures now being evolved to some extent b y our miners and dig- gers. The statement then it is easily seen is worthy of full and free admission. The merchants, and trades- men, and shopkeepers of the metropolis, with the store- keepers and dealers of the bush, receiving their No.1 impressions from what they have already seen and handled, especially since the gold discovery of this colony, have, no doubt, become pretty well confirmed in this view. But still it is more or less possible, that in some of the commercial miser-minds of your city gold-accu- mulators, a fear will now and then arise lest these fine times should not continue; and ergo, that their wisest course would be, to turn all they have got into gold dust, and seek another El Dorado; or else retire on what they have now realised. Now if any of your constant readers or others should be afflicted with this kind of misgiving, our advice would be come and see-come-not exactly to buy as much wheat as you can lay hold of, nor to buy as much gold as you can collect, but come-for once-to climb up our mountains, and dig into their sides; to plunge down our gullies, to wade in our rivers, to follow down our creeks, and, now and then, to take a smash at our rocks; and you will then see not only that our cultivable lands are greatly increased, and are rapidly in- creasing, but that, generally speaking, from the huge rock to the veriest pebble, as well as on the lofty mountains and in the ravines below them, there is "confirmation strong" that the country you are trading in is full of resources. These things are true- partially at least-of Fish River Creek: more so of the Western district as a whole. In live stock have we not horses, and cattle, and sheep as Sydney can testify? In minerals, among the already developed can we not show copper and gold? And among the undeveloped have we not undeniable indications of iron and coal, of silver, and tin, and lead? In agricultural produce our wheat cannot be surpassed; and our dairies are, at least, equal to any the colony affords. And, yet, strange to say, Bathurst town is not yet precipitated into a city, nor the farmable lands of its district into a tithe of its capabilities. And for these reasons: resources to be available, must of course be developed; developement requires labour espe- cially, and labour is what we have not, and apparently what we cannot get. We call not on "Hercules," unwilling to put our own shoulder to the wheel; and yet, consider- ing the rate at which we might be, and ought otherwise to be travelling we feel as if we were comparatively bogged. No prosperous part of the colony has hitherto been more unsuccessful in procuring labour than the Western district throughout; andl yet, perhaps, no given (equal) portion of the colony can boast of more natural advantages. There is something in a name, and I have sometimes thought that it was rather an unfortunate, at least it seems to have proved so to us, that the name of "Blue Moun- tains" were ever appropriated to the range of hills (mountains they are not, when conceived beside the Andes, the Allighany or the Alps for instance) that happen to trend between Sydney and the Bathurst country. "Blue Mountains" I fear sounds as fearful and ominous to your new arrivals, and to not a few of some good Sydney people too, as Blue Beard to a nur- sery child under the care of a ghost-believing nurse And the silly tales about native dogs, wild cats and snakes, though only reminding one of the fetches and fairies of ones Hibernian friends, and of the screeching woman, and Jack o'Lantern of the scarcely less superstitious English countryman, have yet had, and I believe continue to have some influence in deter- ring many from trying their fortune in this part of the country; and so, of partially retarding the development of the valuable resources of this fine district. Look even at our gold fields, the steadiest, the most peaceful, and, according to population, I had almost said the most productive, of all the gold fields of Australia-even these are not sufficient inducement to bring anything like the amount of labour we require. We give five names of particular spots where the precious metal is found in abun- dance, as Golden Gully, Golden Point, Lucky Point, &c.; we talk of auriferous quartz, golden sands, and nuggets; we tell of ounces per day by teens, and of lumps from one pound weight to a hundred: all without eliciting more than a common and very partial interest among the many even as to gold digging itself. If labour could be had here to the extent of half our requirements, the agricultural and mineral resources of Fish River Creek and its neighbourhood, would shew a developement that would surprise the country. For, to pass by particulars as to copper and some other valuable metals, I am of opinion that gold, which has already been found in several spots, could be obtained in paying quantities with a tolerable proportion of labour. I have now before me a very fair sample of what is called rough gold, con- sisting of small angular bits, among which is one piece about 3/8 of an inch long, and resembling the pointed end of a middle-sized gimlet. It was obtained by ''tin dish washing" a few days ago, on a creek not many miles from the Bullock Flats. The party who obtained it have gone out again to try further. A three-ounce nugget was found on the same creek a few months ago. Neces- sitas non habet leges, or I am inclined to think that not a few of our neighbours, some of whom fill up an odd hour or two now and then in prospecting, would turn diggers outright. One farming operation pressing on the heels of another the seasons through, prevents many from trying much for the precious metal. I can scarcely command the time, at present, or I should like, in order to give an idea of agricultural resources at Fish River Creek, to furnish a statement in figures of the breadth of land under wheat and other cultivation; and a comparison between this year and former ones. Every effort within the available means of each settler has been put forth this year; to his utmost. The season, as a "seed-time," has been, so far, most propitious. The rains have been gentle and frequent, and a more delightful spring altogether is not in the remembrance of the oldest inhabitant. Wheat- sowing is just about concluded, for although there is a considerable quantity of this grain above ground, and looking well, it is yet no small advantage to be possessed here that the farmer can sow his wheat through four consecutive months in the year- June, July, August and September; some I have known, indeed, to be sown in October, and to yield a very fair crop. Our harvest month is February. We can make no pretensions to the growth of tropical fruit here; but for Irish apples-as some wag of a fellow once called a potatoe-and for dairy producte few places in the colony, I should suppose, would think of comparing with us. From the Bullock Flats on the Fish River Creek, to Bathurst, following the watercourse of the stream on which they are both situated, the distance may be about one hundred miles; while the travelling distance between the two settlements is not more than thirty. Along both banks of this stream there are farms at various distances from one another the whole of the way to Bathurst. The angular block of land contained within the junction point of the "Fish River"-near the head of which Duckmaloi is situated-and the Fish River Creek, including both banks of both streams is supposed to be capable of locating not less than two hundred families, and of affording a tolerably sized farm to each. The Government, it seems, have become par- tially aware of this; and a surveyor, we understand, is under instructions to measure off a township in this locality. Two or three spots have been named as eligible sites for the purpose. They are not all equally high and dry and well watered; but any one of them would, from my own knowledge, be preferable to some of the colonial townships that, have come under my own notice-Hartley, Carcoar, and Bowenfells to wit. We have, however, in common with many otherwise favoured parts of the colony our disadvantages. The first and greatest of these is unquestionably the want of a good school for our children. Considering the moral character and standing of many on this creek, it is greatly to be deplored that so much less effort is made to educate families than to buy Iands. Some preliminary steps were taken some three or four years ago towards a National School; but they were only preliminary. Children are growing into youths, and youths into men, whilst parents are just promising to themselves, in a vague sort of way, that their children shall yet be edu- cated. One is reminded of the man who lay in bed, considering what he would have for his breakfast, until dinner was ready. We have some other disadvantages, but as I am nearly too late for this mail I must defer them. November, 1855. 