;' THE RE G ENE RÍÍTION OF PÔËÀND; -,'.' . '."; ... (From the Timeti.September O.), .. ? The regeneration pf Polandihas long,been a favourite - topic rwith. a . select band i of amiable philanthropists, who were not-unwilling to ob- tain a litûe'-flëètmg: popularity at ; théj espíense of theil* reputation for' common {.prudence and common-sense.; To their:vague.declamation no serious importance was'attached, 'for it was as powerless foi* evil as for good: An occasional dinner at Freemasons' Hall, an annual ball at. the Guildhall, an abundance of nonsensical enthusiasm, which' could, not be converted into sense by any. artifice of rhyme, the ' efferves- cence of a vestry meeting, or of a small junta of parochial sympathizers, have been the .chief fruits Of the " movement" during the: rquarter .bf a century whLh has just elapsed.) Of course," it was a perfectly simple matter, for-poor,'Lord Dudley'Stuart and his . friends to hurl their re- proaches at those who were acting under a deeper sensepf responsibility ; ,but had they been . in power, themselves,: they would just as little have dared to press on the adoption of their Sovereign and pf. the British '.ParHament ' that policy which they so earnestly advocated amid ; the reiterated." hips " pf their husky toastmas- ters and the maudlin applause bf their convivial' senates. We. know ) now ' what ,a war/ with Russia means, now that we have the sympathies: of Europe at our back--now that our strength j is doubled by the alliance of chivalrous France.' We know what blood, what treasure, what suf- ' faring it entails to carry war to ; the eastern j boundary of civilization. With all conditions) in our favour \ve have found," to our cost, that! to shatter effectually the strength of .that .dis ciplined savagery which Russia can, doom ; to 1 destruction is not an easy task. Many , an1 English mother refuses to be comforted-roany' an English-wife has been, driven to ^despair-r-> as the, first fruits of the fiery contest in which weJ 'áré engaged.' The " Scbttjsh" -moors' and the. stubble-fields pf autumnal England ! miss the presence of many a gallant gentleman who now lies cold and joyless in 'his scanty grave in the Táuric Chersonese. ! There is. mourning in our cottages and in the humble. dwellings of our artisans ; from' them, too, strong men haye gone forth upon whom the eyes of those who loved them and wished them well will never rest again on. this, side of. eter- nity. England does not grudge^the .precious «aerifico, although she knows its_yalue but, knowing as we now dp.the full meaning of a; war-with Russia; are ¡we to be told that long' since; in very wantonness-when all political conditions were: a's untoward as they are now fayöurable'-T-^when thé cp:operatipn ; of France: was : more than dubious-when, the r late .Czar " was in . the prime -bf- his 'strength, his ^.prestige, unshaken, and . his., supre- macy ' over the . German Courts".an., arti-: ¿le ; pf religious, ;faith-r-wê ought i to .(have! organized > a' crusade against the; Muscovite, with the object of regeneratinga country which: could not asáist ; itself, and which ; must haye! been reached by our soldiers across a continent ' in arms"? Were we, : in- corder thati,Lord! Dudley Stuart-might'clap us on the shoulder,' and M. Kossuth ⅆ from Alpha-road his! 'exequatur ïo om^'proceeaingsi ^foi en ter'"up on" a1 struggle in which our fleets would have counted! "fôr nôthmg.?""- Ti"": ~" ~r~T~-~~~ 7 rT ! J.No", doubt the . partition of Poland-let- us' take the successive.¡partitions as one--was a foul . stain lipon ' the i character ¡ pf the three nations which were the ¡principal parties to it.' We do. not, hold ¿France,-:: nor ; do,' we. hold England, free i from -blame f in i a secondary' degree,.but the /gain* .'hassall-.'been to Russia.; As far as Austria; and/Prussia are concerned/ their Polish': provinces',have;, to-.them been¡ sources . ! of.;» ? constant -.-.-> uneasiness. : i ; They! were but the first parallels, in ! which' their * encroaching [~rieighbpur" 7¿ could lodge1 himself at will.-. - The , cold -, calculations of Frederick,; who' ? dealt with-, human .pas- sions as with the symbols bf an equation, and the misgivings . of Maria Theresa, have borne fruit equally bitter to tbeir. successors.', All the gain has been for Russia,;" and We fear, when the question comes to bo tried, that the . subtle policy .of Russia'.'wilLbe : found. tb have been successful*. [We.-more than suspect that the Poland of poets '- and young ladies, the Poland pf Lord Dudley^S.tuart 'and Long-acre,' exists only, in the imagination ' of its,, enthusiastic friends. Let; us. go no further . back than 1830\. . For a - quarter. of-: a century the Russian police'" have beèn. celebrating one long St. Bartholomew- in -unhappy Poland. The 'hangman and the -shooting party have dealt with all. men who enjoyed a reputation for patriotism, ability, or honesty. . Some,, indeed; may have escaped the comparative mercy of . a violent death,' but, if southey were removeditp .Siberia, where they, have passed tiway. like'ghosts' at .cockcrow,- or, if rany; still-èxist^they.must .have well nigh forgotten iiheir.'ownn-identityl Meanwhile Russians, :of¿Váar -?rcorse,-:rehegade Poles,- have taken the places i of tlie: murdered patriots. The soil has been .confiscated,, and intrusted to safe hands ; ca.-.stringent,!,civil anet military bi^ni-^tionrhasibeen'mlarbduced.;-- the education ; oR all Polesonow^resident -in/ Üieir nativeconntry and beneath:.lh&Tage;of twenty' five years has been conducted under the auspices of the. Russian authorities, WV 4h«a been directed with n»3parlng, ruthless, determina, tion, with constant -watchfulness, Svith' the most diabolical ingenuity to the 'aítaínment of one end-that of the ' conversión ? of Poland into Russia. The peasantry,' as we-are informed - by travellers,' are scarce' cognizant any longer 1 of "their former nationality. True it is thát'theír sufferings as Russians -may "be -quite~ -sufficient to suggest and justify revolt but it is much to be feared that--the-rpatriotie orators who endeavour in London and in Paris to convert us to their views far overstate the probabilities of the case when they speak of the facility with which the Russian Poles height be raised as by an electric shock to cast off the yoke of their sanguinary oppressors;. - ' ' ' :,.;'', " '! : ))!);Th'ese"few observations haye ; been , suggested to. us . by a report which, ^appeared in-pur. columns yesterday 'of ,the, proceedings at a meeting, which -was. held, pn Monday eyen ing last at the Town-hall, in Derby; (',fIt would be a mere waste of time, and patience, to discuss seriously the .terms of the ,.reso:1 Judon ultimately adopted by this midland Wittenagemote. They speak at their .ease when they talk of" the absolute necessity of turning the present war to the benefit of justice and humanity-by calling'the Polish nation to arms to regain its independence without interfering in any way in'its internal form of government)," &c.; We wonder if tho two aspiring statesmen, Messrs. Flewker and Barron, ever contemplated the amount of English blood which must needs be shed, if English statesmen, speaking in the name of the nation, were to invoke the aid of revolutionary Europe ? Of course, if we . do once call these poor people to arms, we must stand by thém to the last guinea and the bist man which England could produce. As we read these fire- breathing manifestos we cannot, for the life of us, banish from our minds the, ghastly conclusion of unsuccessful revolts, especially, when Russia plies the scourge, loads the musket,' and ties the halter. We entreat of Messrs. Flewker and Barron to pause, if for no other reason, for, .tho sake of the ' unfortunate \'Poífyf.][l\y05iáí ivöiild they haye- us ??do'f-rj!^yAfit.0hy^ri0f- ti. loudspeaker,' .'^'v,^e"¿Pfí?%. '4f$?ty&Jj;¡/$$' his view.bro.adly"enough! «.playbnians, ¡r<íles¿ Hungarians," Italians', : .Circassians, ^ihlánij^rá^ 'rrrij, ánd''-"Stberiañs,V.-wilt;,dróiTO,; Mu^cCjjry» Austria, ...-Prussia,_in., .the :Jblp.ód . óf) ', then butchered brethren." ; ' This is but wild tallting^ We ; can .'scarce'msi^ 'sponger assurroca.,"I^'.'tK^re., be any lîife,'Tuï iPoJand, we are playing her game in the Baltic^ .and , the "Crimea far: more ¡effectually than uñdjér tho walls :of .impregnable., fortresses, which,¡it would require a 'most ; successful campaign even to reach, and which,-as we' know from.bur expedience before .Sebastopol, are. not likely tb surrender-at the; summons even of M. de Chyh^ski..?'"',. '. ''I, . .'. ' ,rj¡ POLAE SCENERY,-How beautiful is the aspect of those wild cliffs that hang threateningly over our heads 1 though, the sun is below the horizon, its rays, glancing over the mountains, Ungo their showy heads with sweet rosy hiies, which seem incorporated' in the snow, and, passing through all gradations, ;die out in the dark, blue of tho shadows cast by the indented crests of thegreat rocks.' '. For the first time,'no doubt, the foot of a; Euro, pean disturbs, these-picturesque solitudes, .the echoes of which' excitó/thé imagination by. their mysterious voices. A rolling-stone,-the snow, creaking under, our steps, our very breathing-all resound with: à tumult curiously magnified by reverberation, and then dying out in the distance, as if it'fled affrighted at itself. .The dazzled sight is every moment : deceived. Apparently,' ! have plainly beheld before me two men of enormous'size YT distinguished all their gestures:.-I soo them load their j guns-yet,' beyond a doubt they are two 'of our: people looming to meet us; I walk towards .them, .and fifty yards further I find a stone - a - foot. high divided into two black halveB by a little patch bf'-snow. Tho snow falls in great flakes', and gives' a little !light, which we still enjoy about noon ; during the rest 06 the day: a slaty hue saddens, < and makes us feel) the poid more sensibly ; objects at a little - distance' from us are all. confounded together in one funeral leaden"grey. Over head, beneath our feet, all round us is'1 snow nothing bat snow. The rugged crests of ¿róele,'! or,the perpendicular faces of the cliffs, grinning,' thronghf jt, seem alone to protest against this violation,,of their, na- ture, and alone remind us that the world' is not an immense snow- ball ; and yet there is an'inde- finable charm in this ' spectacle,' which '.'.ona ; feels but cannot express in words-ra i charm. : t known only to those who have experienced ¡ it, ^because, being before all things roen of action, we have hot learned to paint what our eyes hav.e'.seen'and admired. We pass close by an iceberg, rising only some scores of feet abbye water, but half a milo long. Mr. Leask says it is one pf the largest he has ever seen. I examined these' different masses 'of ice 'with a"View tb discover some analogy of structure, somo law of formation; but in vain; the variety Of forms'defies'.comparison and classification.' Sometimes we have a. regular table or.a sugar-loaf; sometimes an actual island, ¡with its creeks, - bays! and promontories;' or an immense tent from which you would almost ' expect to see an inhabitant stop out and welcome yon, or the entrance of'a cave opening.with vast galleries, or a cavern, preceded by splendid works of. art."", The stories Tôt,'our .childhood,- the wonders ,.of ¿he//'Arabian Nights," recur'unbidden to' the memory, and wo would fain cry, ' " Opeii pésame I" and explore tlie dark profundities in'which" a mysterious work is in preparation. --Lieutenant BeUolt'aJournal.'. ! ?, .. ,,.. '1 . AoRicuLTtmAt. 'STATISTICS: '-Mn. LEONE ? LEVI'S EVIDENCE.-The reportof.'tbe.Seleet Committee of; the House pf. Lords bn^tho^ost mode of obtaining accurate agricultural statiatics.from all parts bf tim United King- dom, .with the évidence taken before'them,1 has just'been issued from the 'rarliamontaryT>aper-ofHce,:in-the'forrii of a" thick Blue-hook. -' Mri ! Lcbnb; ,-Iie.vf; who, . hos paid considerable attention,to the subject, and,attended, the Statistical Congress,: held nt'.'.Brussels/ two years'^ago, which'took this question into ;considorátioh;VáÍ8v'oné' of the witnessos examined, and Iiis evidence ia of consider- able importance, though - tho j[,comnút,teoíjh'avOj(.not embodied all his recommendations in^their^report. "Mr. Levi had prepared a _xdan .for.thb .cbllecripn'of. such statistics, . in tho , prepaniùonfof "which;'' he'"was assisted by . several. o.minont'-'enginëèrsH'andO'expe rienced agriculturists;-'-arid >which'f,1 he" submitted last year tb the Society' of -Arts. ;>In,,this .plan he' proposed tho establishment ,óf, á "central-; board authorized tb collect annual? returns bf -''the ' total acreage, and also tho acreage of the Sövehal crops,'- -of each parish in England and Wales,, through'the local Boards of Guardians, and in Scotland through the High- land Society. . In giving his evidence , before the Lords' Committee,, howovcr, Mr.'Levi'slate'd'that 'ho'had seen reason to doubt tho-expediency of using the agency of tho Poor- Law Guardians, owing, as he says, tb tho un- popularity which surrounds them, and the reasons which they have themselves given, that they cannot obtain the có-operátion of tbo'a'griculturists, and that gentlemen refusé to- co-operate; - owing to the small remuneration and tho prevalence of party feeling among them. Seeing what has been done by the Registrar-General ; in. the collection of tho census, Mr. Levi considers that would 'be: tho best mediumfthrough'which to collect these statistics, which he thinks might bo obtained in the same way, by leaving schedules to bc filled up with the reqnired information,' and forwarded to tho Central Board-:on or before the 1st .of Juno in each year. 7 Inspectors should also be appointed on the recommendation of the Inclosure and 'CopyholdrCommissioners,' to make' in inspection and estimate lof the crops in ' September, and transmit the latter. to,,the Central, Bo.u-d. This board should be in connection,-with the Board of Trade, in order thnt nothing, of apolitical character should be ascribed to it.' Mr. Levi considers the subject as one of great commercial importance, owing to the influence which" accurate returns of this natnre would have upon the corn trade. The committee recommend, in .their report, thnt:the Board of- Trade should be entrusted with the, general superintendence of the collection of the sfátistics'in^Great'Britaín, through the medium of theTo'or-law 'niaehmery.in-England and Wales,. an*of th'é-iHighland Sorfefy-in Scotland; and that the Irish Government, in.contihuing to superintend thecolJMöpns for Ireland* through the constabulary, should'«onsöl» wfth ihë'Boal^'of'Trade from time to time-'cm'the^^ jeof» if-^-^^imipoWrof^secniing » -o-oifarmity-ji-m-- Jh» returns.. 