THE MARVELS OF GHOST-SEEING. fProm the JSev York Christian Spiritualist. Nov. 4. 1 HE L.OST rA33ENGER3 OP THE ARCTIC. — The following is the letter of Judge Edmonds, re ferred to last week in the notice we made of Brother Harris's sermon. We have no doubt it will be read witli pleasure, and, we hope, with thought and attention, as there are some points that may seem new to the spiritual reader. While we are yet in the irfancy of mediumahip, and very imperfectly understand its philosophy, it helioves all to be thoughtful and cautious in reading, that full justice may be done to all — the spirit, the medium, and the thought communicated. We have much yet to learn and unlearn : — ' New York, October 21 . ' Dear Sir — Perhaps in your discourse on the wreck of the Arctic, you would be willing to have a more minute detail of the events which I mentioned the other day, and I will therefore give it to you. ' For several days before we received the news of the accident, an attempt was made to communicate the event to my daughter, as she had been a year ago taught the wreck of tlie San Francisco. But it failed because of her anxiety about a relative of hers who was at sea, and with whom she associated the wreck the moment the idea was presented to her. Thus was produced confusion and anxiety, which interfered with the clearness of the com munication, though the idea of a wreck was frequently and vividly presented to her. ' On the day before the arrivai of the news she had a call from a lady friend, who, hi the course of her visit, became entranced, and gave a graphic description of some of the scenes which we afterwards learnt took place on board the ill-fated steamer. But the communication was interrupted, and thus only an indefinite apprehen sion of some impending misfortune was produced. ' On the day after we received news of the wreck I re turned home from my office late in the afternoon, and found my friend llr. J ? in my parlour with my daughter. Some spirit was communicating through him 1 gave my attention to it, and then, for about two hours through mm, through Laura, through Mr. A ? who came in during the evening, and through myiielf, we had the intercourse with the passengers of the Arctic which I mentioned to you. ' I imbibed the idea that there were present with us at least 100 of them, though only a few made themselves known to or spoke to us. 'N. B. Blunt, late District-Attorney, Bwhop Wain right, Isaac T. Hopper, Dr. Cory, and others of my spirit friendr, were also present, and occasionally spake through or to some of us. . ' I plainly saw the whole assemblage, and particularly one o!' them, with whom I had been well acquainted. He was labouring under great mental excitement. He exclaimed to me, 'Good God, Edmonds! can this be true ? Is death, after all, what you said it was, and is this death? Can it be possible this is the change which death makes?' ' I answered, ? You see. You can Judge for yourself. Bring your own clear intellect to bear upon it, and you ? can understand it.' ''But,' he said, 'where ami? What must I do? Where am I going ? Is this to be alwavs so ?' I told liiin, ' Xo, by no means is it to be always so. But it will be difficult for me to tell you what to do, for I cannot know all the circumstances that surround you. But there is one close at hand who can tell you, and who can assist you.' ? ' ' Who is that ?' he asked. I answered, ' Our old friend Blunt' He said, 'Nat? Is be here? Where? Let me see him. Let me hear from Mm where I am, and what I am to do ?' ' This conversation had thus far been between me and tliat spirit direct, and now Mr. Blunt came through my daughter, and said ' Judge, tell him I am near at hand, ready to assist him, and he has only earnestly to wish it to see and hear me himselt Now, his mind is in such uncertainty and confu«ou, that neither his brother uor I can make ourselves visible to him.' /? ' This b-.-iug said to me in an audible voice was beard also by the spirit, who uo longer paid any attention to me, but turned to where Ilium was, and soon engaged in conversation with him. ' Others of those spirits then spoke to me. One 6aid to me that his last thought on (joing down with the ship was, that in a few moments ho should he Ve-unital a^ain to his wife aud children, wlio vvo:it d... .?.-.: .vrui him ; but he said — and tlus so touch astonished him ? ' Wnen I beheld my wife and children passing away from me in different directions, and I am left aloue so near the earth. Is this to be always so? Am 1 never, never to sec them again? And am I always to hover tkus near the earth ? ,' ' Another, whom I had well known, said to me, with a good deal of emotion, ' Friend Edmonds, is it true, then, this which I always thought au illusion of thy insane mind ? It truly seems^so. I know I have died ; but now I seem as much upon' earth as ever, and I talk to thee as plainly as ever I did. Oh, tell me what all this means, and what 1 am to do ?'['- 'I referred him to Father Hopper, who was present, and who could instruct him better than I could. He shrank from this, and reminded me that he and Mr. Hopper had not agreed very well upon earth, having some difficulties with each other ' in meeting' — that is, in their religious society.' ' *;''?' 'Mr. Hopper then spoke to me through Laura, and bade me reassure him that no unpleasant recollection of the past dwelt upon his mind ; that he was ready to help him; 'and,' he added, 'tell him, Judge, that 1 will be fust as quick now. to take him as he was to turn me out. of meeting. Tell him so, Judge, will yon?' ? ;. ; ' In reply, I said, ' 1 need not repeat' it, for he hears what you say through the medium. But your allusion to the old diiHauties disturbs him.' ' 'Tell him,' he answered, ' never mind that; it is only matter to be laughed at now, aud I desire only tobe'riend lum and set his uiind at ease.' ' ' Yes,' I said, ' old friend, that you have already done, for he holds out his hand to you.' 'And they two passed away together from my view. 'One of the sailors spoke to me, and though not a man of as much education as the others, he was evidently more at home, and more at ease than they were. He said that after the collision he had not . thought of himself until the boat shoved oil' from the ship. He had been very busy trying to stop the leak: and when all work on that ceased it had occurred to him that he ought to Have himself; that he had an aged mother, a wife, and some children in Kew York, and he asked himself—' What will they do this winter without me?', and so he jumped from the ship to reach the raft, but he fell short, and sank in the water.' He came up under the raft, and his head bumped against it until he was drowned. 'There was much less agitation in him than in the others, and I obtainsd from him a clear account of seve ral things. ' He spoke in great admiration of the efforts on board the ship of the one who first spoke to us ; said lie took a command, and directed much that was done. lie was cool, collected, and energetic, aud nude himself felt and . obeyed, by all. . , . ; ' He also spoke of the general deportment when all hope of savin? themselves was abandoned. He said the sight. was reaDy sublime; a deathlike stillness reigned, aud a calm came over them all, as if each was quietly bracing bimsell to meet his destiny. ' 1 asked him how it happened that they so many of them came to us, and if ho had not yet met any of the inhabitants of the spirit-world besides those who had entered it with him? 'He answered, 'Yes; Ms father and two other rela tives had come to him and welcomed him, and then told him to go %vith the others, and learn what he could.* He could not give me his name, or the street where he re sided. There was no medium present through whom the abstract idea of a name could be given. ' Among those who spoke to me was a woman. She was very cheerful and pleasant, and, from what she said, it was manifest that,her thoughts in life had been uure for others than for herself.' She understood more clearly the condition in which she found herself, and had come with the others more to aid them than herself. 'Bishop Wain wright, through Mr. J., uttered a most touching and impressive prayer. ' And, finally, there spoke to me the spirit of a man, who said that he was a tiuropeau, whose name was un known to me, but mine was not unknown to him. He had already given some attention to the spiritual philo sophy, and had found in it much that was consonant with his reason, with his instincts, and with what he had learnt of nature (and that was not a little, for he was evidently an educated man). ' He had been on his way to this country on business, and had intended, while here, to call on me. He said that his belief had been of vast service to him, for it had not only robbed death of its terrors, but had enabled him, on entering his new existence, to understand his position and to know where he was. lie had not, therefore, shared the amazement, excitement, and confusion of mind which had so much disturbed others. ' When that largo number of persons had awakened to consciousness in the spirit world and were amazed at the condition in which they found themselves, a voice had spoken to them saying, 'The gates of death have becii opened to you. Now let the gates of eternal life be likewise opened to ye. Go ye to the earth again and learn there how to enter them !' They had, accordingly, come to earth, and, scattering in various directions, had sought the mediums on this continent. Hence it was that so large a number were now with us. ' He said that I could form no just conception of the condition in which they found themselves. No two were alike. In some blank amazement,' stupilied; in some, terror and uncertainty assumed the form of the ex citement of insanity ; in some there was a stolid, har dened indifference; in some, a happy confidence as to the future, without knowing why ; and iu a few there was a knowledge, imbibed on earth, which inspired hope and confidence. They were the most cheerful and hoping who, on earth, had been least selfish and most active in their etlbrts lor others. ' They were, he said, surrounded by bright spirits who were willing to aid them ; but, having been cut off from mortal life suddenly, and without the weaning from earthly ties which old age or protracted disease always produce, their earthly feelings were still predominant with many, and, in connexion with the excitement, con fusion, and uncertainty prevailing in their minds, ren dered them inaccessible to the approach of those brighter spirits. ' Why,1 he added, 'we do not even sec each other, though tiovering thus together around you. We have, as it were, a dim consciousness of each other's presence, and through the instrumentality of the mediums, we hear and converse with you and with each other. For this purpose it is that we are con ducted here by our spirit-guides, that we may learn eur true condition, and, through mortal means, unlearn the errors which ouruiortal lite has instilled into us. Speak, then, Judge, to them. You they all cau hear, and from your lips they may early learn the lesson of the realities before them, which, sooner or later, they must all learn. Speak plainly, but gently, for oh ! you know not how much of sorrow and anxiety there is in the hearts which you can thus relieve.' ' ' ' I accordingly, for a few moments, spoke to them. I reasoned with them of the great doctrine of progression which is now being revealed to man. I reminded them that from birth their life had been one of progression, and now they could. readily perceive that that life still continued, and with it must continue the influence ot that law of progression, it was of importance to them to .know this, for then and only then could they know how to direct their action wuely and well. And, fortunately for them, they were now iu a condition where they could ascertain, if they would, how true or Tnlon this tp.ir»Tiin^ wnq ' So, too, if they became satisfied of that, they could readily learn the law by which that progression could be most advanced or retarded. That law was lore— love of God, aud of one another, to be manifested not in profes sion only, but in active efforts to do good to one another. That could be done by them in the spirit life as well, and even better, than in their mortal existence. 'So, too, I told them that they were surrounded by bright and bcatitied spirits, who were ready to take them to their arms, to teach them the holy truths which are now also being revealed to man upon earth, and to point them the way to happier realms, which they may in time attain. And I assured them that they had but to make themselves accessible to their spirit friends by earnestly desiring their presence and aid, to enjoy the inestimable assistance which could soon dispel the gloom of doubt aud uncertainty, and open to their vision a bright and holy light from above. 'I told them that I did pot ask them to receive these things as true because I said so, but to examine for them selves, witii all the advantages which they now possessed, and to judge for themselves. It could do no harm thus to investigate, but if, on investigation, they should find that I was correct, they would also find much that would be of inestimable value to them. . ' Something more to the same effect I said, and, com mending them in few words to the protection of our Heavenly Father, and the guardian care of the bright spirits who were around them, I closed the interview, aud they faded from my view. 'Affectionately yours, ' Tlie Rev. T. L. Harris.' ' J. W. Edmoxds. Supreme Cookt.— Parties interested in the causes set down for trial, as well as the jurors summoned to attend this day, will do well to bear in mind the inflexible rule of His Honor Mr. Justice Bosthby, viz., that fairness to those who do attend compels the punishment of the absent. The Couit sits at 10 o'clock, and the causes on the list are Whitington v. Hallettr, ? Whitington. v. Peacock, Campbell v. Cobbledick. Paxton v. Kearne has been re ferred by consent to arbitration. Inqoest3 on Fires.— If anything were re quired to show the absurdity of b^ing guided by the objections of the law officers of the Crown to holding inquests on fires, we think it would be furnished by the events of the last few weeks. During the late sessions of tjie Supreme Court, a man was tried for setting hi3 store on fire, found guilty, and sentenced to a term of years upon the roads. From that day to this there has scarcely been a Sre in the'eitv of any ousequencj ; and the alarm-bell', which was previously almost constantly iu requisition, pealing forth its terrible warning, is now scarcely ever heard. It is a sad thing to say it; but our various observations have forced us t\\- the conclusion that a very large proportion of the fires which have oc curred during the last few months have not been the result of accident. And as impunity of au offence naturally breeds repetition, we seemed in a very fair way uf allowing the awi'ul crime of incendiarism to bee -me adopted as a national peculiarity. This tendency has bean greatly checked by the one or two examples that have been mide, and it is of great importance that no further effort to check it should be wanting. Whatever absurd crotchet, then, may haunt the eccentric brain of the Attorney-General, we do trust that this session of the Legislature will not ba all - wed to come to a conclusion without a regular system oi inquests upon nres being expressly legalizsd. One of the metropolitan members should take the matter up, bring in a Bill, and force it through the House ' in spite of my Lord-Cardinal.' If Mr. Stawell chooses to incur the odium of actual resist ance to so just and necess-.ry a mwHure, let him take the consequences. But the public have a right to claim such protection from the Legislature; and, claiming it, it ought not to be withheld. — Melbourne Argus. 