A LAY OF THE YEOMANRY. Hark! to the sound of bugle! Hark! to the can- non's roar; It is Sir William Denison has gained Australia's shore. Hark! to a horse's clattering hoofs, and see the crowd divides: From out the line of Yeomanry, a single horse- man rides; He spurs full speed with heated face, nor ever draws he rein, He stays not 'fore the Cafe door, though sore he lacks a drain; He stays not when the billiard balls click music to his ear, He seeks the stock that he forgot,--the stock that he must wear. II. I wis it was a gallant sight, to see those horse- men bold,-- M'Lerie flashing on the right in scarlet all, and gold; The rabble rout passed biting jests, when they their good swords drew; "Their swords" quoth they, "will never cut, as they are sure to do." But little recked those horsemen, of scoff, or taunt, or jest, To keep their destriers in their place, I trow it took their best; At every public that they passed, some horse was sure to stop, If 'twas the rider's custom, there to light, and take a drop. III. From Pitt-street rode the Perrier, in harness all arrayed, He took one stirrup-cup from John, then joined the cavalcade; The vulgar boys were so amazed to see a horse so tall, However he got on or off--I ween, they mar- velled all; Beside him rode the comely Gibbs, a stalwart wight and true, He smiled upon the Perrier, the Perrier did so too; To see them riding side by side, you never would have said, A bottle from a Perrier's hand had shaved a Gibbs' head. IV. What means that distant cloud of dust?--The cry is "fighting Greer"-- He wears the stock that he forgot, the stock that he must wear; He seeks his place with utmost haste, he nearly came too late: As he passed by the Rifle Corps, they eyed his dress with hate. But all his clients felt great pride to see their Chief so gay, Not like the Greer in shepherds plaid--the Greer that makes them pay; Why did he join the press of knights, and leave the sternly quill: They say he's bound to keep the peace, and I'll be bound he will. V. Next Meymott of the Temple rides--one man upon one steed, Not two on one as was the wont, of Templars-- as we read; And next to him the Fletcher comes,--had he been Templar too, I trow the Meymott lacked not room for him at saddle-bow; Him follows close the Taylor,--in Newtown dwelleth he, He passed his stores in George-street, but his thoughts were not of tea, His thoughts were of the gold-laced cap, his scarlet coat, his boots; The Radford yawned as he rode next,--his thoughts were of cheroots. VI. Thc clerks in Little's office are whistling on their stools, Their pens are turned to pop-guns--a thing against thc rules; They shy the india rubber--they try the Chinese trick, Endeavouring in the office desks, the office knives to stick; But Little rides on haughtily, he thinks not of his clerks, His martial soul was all on fire--he knew not of their larks; He rides along the dusty street, and many a one who saw, Cried, "go it Little"--which he did--"proud Scion of the law." VII. The poet warrior Halloran, forth from the Trea- sury, Paced on his seemly war-steed, an armed min- strel he, So fierce he looked that morn, 'tis said, when as he bit his toast, The maid-of-all-work did no work--she thought she'd seen a ghost. The Ross is deemed a pleasant man, a goodly man to talk, (Oh, cruel men of New England, why bid him walk his chalk.) He rides the Yeomanry among as suits a flash J.P.; He'll fight as well as Bantam Cox, and fly as fast as he. (To be continued). BARBAROUS PUNISHMENT.-We were un til a fow dayssince under t he impression that th» barbarous punishments of past centuries had been blotted out of our statute b ink. Tho rack, the'thumb-screw, tho various ingenious tortures of ancient days, red-hot pincers» boiling lead, breaking on the wheel, &c;, we certainly behoved hud disappeared before thu prayers of humanity and civilization. Will it be believed, however, that " breaking on ' the wheel" is a barbarity not un- known to- thc history of this Colony-as witness the following information, exhibited at thc Syd- ney Police Office, on tho 12.th instant, the perusal of which, will doubtless make tho blood of our readers curdle with indignation:.-"(A., 1I.& 12 Vic, Cap. 43.)-Summons to the Defendant upon an Infovmotion or Complaint. - To Frederick Hall, of the City of Sydney, in tho Colony of New South Wales, blacksmith. Whereas a Complaint has been made before tho undersigned, ono of Her Majesty's Justices of tho Peaco in and for tho said Colony of New .South Wales, for thnt you did, on tho second day of December last, at Sydney aforesaid, wil- fully and maliciously BUEAK and dc-troy A SST OF VIU.LOES ON TiiK wiiEM. of a baker's cart, &c;, &c.;, &c.; These aro therefore to command you, in Her Majesty's name, to bo nud appear on tho twelfth day of February instant, at ten o'clock in the forenoon, at the Police Oflite, Georgo and York-streets, Sydney, in tho raid Colony, before such Justices of the Tcaco for tho said Colony as may then bo there, to answer tho suid Complaint, and to bo further dealt with ac- cording to" Law. Given under my Hand and Seal this Ninth day of February, in tho year of. Our Lord ono thousand eight hundred and fifty five, nt Sydney, in thc Colony aforesaid.-J. 3. DOWLING. "? GRAND CAVALRY REVIEW.-Oo St Valentine's Day, the First Regiment of N. S. W. Yeomanly Cavalry, under tho command of Lotd Boss, tho Genernl-Communding-in- Chicf, were reviewed in the Cleveland Paddock, in the pré- sence of three small buys, and a venerable ap plewoman. Tho regiment performed various evolutions with much'accuracy; amidst the cheer« of tho before-mentioned spectators. We regret, however, to relate that' several casualties occur- red ; Mr Haywood being severely wounded in tho knee by the kick of a horse; which suddenly turned toil, and Mr Hancock having acciden- tally lost his carbine, which'" went off" at. nair cock. Tho firing1 was extremely good, being at mosquitoes, at catch distance. - ! STRANGE COINCIDENCE. - A recent Liverpool paper informs us that, " On Tuesday, owing to tho state of thcatmnsphcre, tho electric telegraph would- riot woik." We regret to re- mark , thnt during , tho recent intensely < not weather " tho stato of tho atmosphere ' prodtimi precisely similar cflbcts ¡ on several of our most valued contributors. ¡ : : : . t . A Ñ; S/W. CURIOSITY.--A drunkartl of ten y cars'standing,-who hasn't gono to pqt, Cou INO MÈif.-The - Wizard Jneöh.'V Mr'0.-V. Brooko .-¡and Go rdio Wilkie. /.--;;> NOTICE" to" CAPÍTA"¿ISTS.-The uiuler muntioned property'of tho Government, wlU.he sold'.by ¿"puhHo^aiuotíán, at 'tho1 Court Iinuso, Cooma, on Monday, tho 6th day of Murali, 1835 -throe old,saddles, 4 belts with Swivols, 27totltcr ropes, 3 pairs hobbles, 4 pairs spnrs, S bridles, 3 manccombs.-TUOSIAS WILSO», Chief Constable, Cuurt House, Cooma, Gth Februaiy, 1855 - Uovernmmt Guzelfr; Feb) uar y Hitit. Mit CORY' " REBUTTING."-Wc can- not refrain from expressing oitr feelitigj of sym- pathy and comiiiisserntioii for tho above learned solicitor, on account of tho wanton habit which tho Hmtld'a police reporter has of constantly making him a .' butt "\ and whenever he writes a cuso in which Mr Cory is counsel, thi.,- gontle inari of the press always alludes to Mr Cory ns " lobntting" the arguments, Ssc. We have never phrenologically manipulated Mr Cory's brain canister, and therefore uro unacquainted with his crnniological devclopemunts, but from external appearances we conclude that thereiis-nothing in his head -tô justify this ' oft reiter- ated charge of rebutting. In yesterday's JJ- ra'd Mr Cory is described as rebutting an.cntire butch of bukera. " 