Supiikmi'Couiin-Hr. Justice Dickinson and n special jury of twelrc were engaged during tlio whole of yro erday in trying the cine of Wist v. I'nrHos, nr, action fir libel, bnscl uponcortaln article-« whioh opjcnrcd in the Empire nowspapo In reference to the Liverpool-street murder In April last, and th< conduct of Dr. West on that oona ¡ion. Tho evirtenee for the do'em o was still un- finished when the Court rose, and will be resumed this morning tit ton. Ko-iAT, ViciOtttA TniATni -The production of 8hnk*pere's tragedy of Macbotn, has been tho chief feature at thl-i theatre during the paBt wock. Mr. G. V Brooke enacted the Thane of. Glamis, who, led by tim " Demoni n wltohos, who from th'-clomont Each of her reign nil.mid, nre rightlior calla! Powers of fire, air, water." And incited and impelled by the equal potency of the BUbtle witchcraft uf his ambitious, murderous wif,-, obtains the crown of Cooiland by " trampling on all lawa, buma-i «n I divine." The orowded uudicneis who havo greeted Mr. B ookî on tho two evenings of his porsiniflcition of Macbeth, evinced the high ex- pectations which had been formed in vi>«pict to it From our care- ful consideration or iii« Othello .rd Himlut.wo were prepared to seo Mr. Brooke ¡as Macht th) i . a u.utraotcr well suited to his mental and phyneni o gini/jl'on i o say, that he quite tquVlod our cxpoatatlon« wool I b iir.rup. rho subtle r'eielopmont of the psjeholomcal attriijutes wa* not in our opinion, successfully »bown ; and both in tho dagger tui'l the banquet fronen, vu think ho failed in displaying Snaaspcrcts splendid l!lu«tra tiona of the crtntive powers o tho fancy The air-drawn dagger of Macbeth, mid his test, " e une, let mo clutch theo," aro metaphysically per- fect ;. nor less true to nature is tho conception of tho gliost of Banquo-haunting tho guilty usurper. Tho effect of tho banquet Keene is, bowker, alwayumarred hythe actual npponranceof the ghost, who, it is ohvioup, ought not to arpear bodily, any more than does tho *' Dagger of tho mind ; a fa'sc creation ProoeeJing from tho heat-npprcas'd briln." Tho audience are in the position of the guests at the royal supper table, who are suppo»id to seo it not. However, in this ancient stan« arrangement, whioh but very low actors li iv« ventured to alter, Mr. Brooke has pr< cèdent for it, and can scaroely bo blamed for still continuing to adopt it. In the fccno with I tidy Mnobetb, after the mur 1er, and with tlaoduff and the restof the royal train upon its discovery-In the, socno, also, when nwaiung tbo coming of tbo nsíanain* of Banque j nnd with ono or two excep- tion») throughout the ¡ifth aot- the story of tho scenes-na« ad- mirably made out ; and tho gesture and by-p ay werp, not only significant, but rich in variety awi suggestion ; whilst the force, rn«slon, propriety, npbmdid declamation, and pathoB exhi- bit ii a very whirlwind of emotion; whioh nevertheless Bar- loo metías if set tomine, and regulated by the strio'c«-laws of «imposition. In the ft'th not, the two famous pas-ages beginning, " I have lived 1 ,ni4 en mgh ; my way of llfo is fallen into tho sero and thoyi How le if ;" anil " To-morrow, and to- morrow, and to- morrow, cn ep i ii this potty pace from day to day, to the last syl- " luble of reenrdi d timo,"-tho general mood of tho pri tentmonV* was les» philosophical lhan the illustrious pjcth-s drawn it ; h\tig¡¿¡ tramo lUtely altt rwaril?, his rendering of the frei ¡ned pas-¡Htjrei| of the wildest unger and alinott abject despair, when tL" _ messenger reports tho moving of Birnam wood, wai a crowding triump'i. K ich pnlnt had inmost powerful histrionic exponent ;, nuil his despairing exclamation win ti lie starts away from the prottraio meseonger wr>oi» he has x11 hi k down, was I'clivDiod with tho air nnd mi 0 of the utter te f-abnomcnt of tho conscUnoi-stiiclion tyrant «ho "nulls in résolution ; and begin« to doubt the etiuivocitii m of the fiend, whjj lini uko triítlv."' In tho impersonation of Lady MacVth, the youth of Miss Fanny Cathcart wax an tibataolo to her miccu>s In what 1« tcrmoJ juve- nile tragedy she hai evinced, in tho oharactors of Desdemona, Juliet, und Ophelia tal(B¡t of a liiirli order ; »ntl as Cordelia (for which she is announced for Monday evening) to Mr. Brooko'a King Lear, v. a anticipate still greater success. Of the manner in which every oir.umstanco of the demonaical eeicmonie» of the Wtird Sisters wim presented, wo «re enabled to fpenk in terms of unqualified praise Mcasr«. Limbert, II. T. Craven, and Stephens porssnlûed tho wltohci as tlriw iby Shnkspcre, "f-teret, hlaok, and midnight hags," and noi, m loi frequently ropienented, oxtruvigant beings with dla t rtrd fooleries to mako "the unskilful laugh," but "tlio judicious grii re " 'Iheir uppearnnco at the window, wntoliing Macbeth as ho prrpirea to cnt«r Duncan's o*ia-i tier, w is ailie feature, illus tru'ii g * quaint old «ritei's deBciip ion of tito doing-, of buch, Ihim. "The spirits of the alremlxo th»msolves «iib trun 'or anti ÜKlilning. and so 1-ifect the clymo wliere tliey raho any i< jipcst, tint soilainely gnat mortuluio ontuos " In tho se« nee of wtehoinft, which aro tuded by the splindid muslo of Looko, every effect wa, given by th« full roi/is rcoale, led byMr.Iljiliwiy, as Hi cato; and tho instrumental fore- undi r theconduotof »VinterfeoUom. rho female v > ces were lod.byMrs. II. T. Craven, wlw, es the " litt e airy spirit" sang the eh iruotcr istio mmmonlagä of Hie wltohes, with a true appreciation of tho Intent, bath of th» po it and the oamposer. The wholo setting up of the tragedy was highlv ored table to tho m wngomont. To Mr. R. Young« the Immodiiti dircotlon of tho stage husineos was con- fided-, and bo li in this regard, ard in his chiv ilrouB im-ieraona tion of Mac-luff, he Jptorvos especial mention, Mr. Coppin, who is engaged for Mr night« only, at this thoatro, will mak« his first appearanoo th s ^vening. Mr. Brooke »nu. Miss Fanny Cathcart, appear for the first time ns William and. Susan, in Douglas Jer« r aid's dram» of Blaok-Eyed Susan, Court or Rkoitests -This court will resume its sittings at ten ' o'olook th s morning VoiohTFFit Artiilfrv -This corps will ns'emblo thîsafternoon at half-past 2 o'clock, in review order, at their usual parade, ground, preparatory to tho «cnifral parade in the outer Domain The nelson Family -During last week, thi« hlghlv, gifted family paid a visit to the beautiful dixtriot of Wollongong,-and as it happened that thoy were muklng a professional tour, the good people had an opportunity affoidcl thom of listening to the harmon) of swcot founds vhlch these tn ented Bingorshnvo so ?pre-eminently tho power of call ng forth The juvenile member of the pnrtv --Waiter Bobby by n mir-s"e ns to b quito a favourite, and his htimorotiB ditty of "Hot Cullins " no lew so We aro gjvon to understand that the Noltons will shortly visit Kiama and biionlhavcn Licencing -At noon yesterday a Court of Petty Sessions was held at the Central Police Court to consider matters to be brought before it under the Publicans Licensing Act. William Stapleton applied for leave to remove his licence from a house in Parra- matta Street known as the California Inn, to one situated at the Glebe. Inspector Connor had filed an objection, setting forth that another public-house was not required at the Glebe, and that at the annual licensing meeting William Stapleton and William Wakely were applicants for a license to be granted for a house then in the Occupation of Stapleton, whoso lease, it was alleged on the other side, would transpire before the lease could come into operation. The Bench granted a certificate to each, leaving the right to the house to be decided either by another tribunal or the parties concerned, as by that means they would not incrcase the number of public houses already in ex- istence. Stapleton's Lease. had now expired Wakely was entitled to tho house, and Stapleton asked permission to remote Mr Nioho's appeared on behalf of the applicant. The Bench consulted for some time and finally resolved upon granting the application, under the circumstanes, though of opinion that the vicinity of the Glebe was already sufficiently supplied with public-house accommodation. William Thomas Powell, of the South Head Road, was allowed to remove his license from the house now occupied by him to another on the opposite side of the street. Bridget Murphy, widow of Rogcr Murphy, of Castlereagh street, entered into the reorganization necessary to enable her to carry on business under the license granted to her late husband until the next transfer day. I /"simtini - Chlof Consiablo willam Howatd, has bren ap \ TJtcd Bailiff t the Court for tho lW ivory of Small Debts, and Inspector of Weights nnl Meioures wubin th~ police distrust of Warialda Lauci mi s -Bct-vcen tho hours of I and 0, on Thursday after- noon n silt er watch, with gold guard chain, seal nnd key attached, valued at L7, was otolon fiom Peinlej'i slaughter house. I ho watch &c; , belongc 1 to a man named Bellamy, at work on the premises Ah mt tho samo timo n pair of blannots, valued at 25s. was Btoli n from ii line on the si o of the old gaol, Lower Gcorgo strcot, and tv^ro the property of a resli'ent in the neighbour- , hood. 