MORMONITE SUPERSTITION.. rUIGIlTENP.il TO DKATH BY A GHOST. That the popular belief in ghosts is not extinct, oven in a large town like Sheffield, is proved by a tragic circum stance of recent occurrence. A family living in Camps lane, Sheffield, were much frightened by an apparition of a 'lady all in white,' who was, it was alleged, seen by one of the inmates in an underground kitchen. The occur rence created much excitement in the neighbourhood, and the family being connected with the ' olnirch of Lattur- day Saints,' a number of tbe members of that church assembled at the house on Sunday afternoon to investigate the affair- While they were so occupied, a crowd was collected outside the house, and many of them were endea vouring to obtain a glimpse of the sup posed ghost by peeping down the cellar window. The people of the house feel ing annoyed at this, suggested that a temporary blind should be fastened 'be fore the window by a couple of forks. Some of the party assembled bad not, however, courage to venture clown stairs, and at this moment, a Mrs. llolliuson, who disbelieved in the apparition, ex claimed with some impatience, ' Pooh ! pooh ! give inn the forks,' and immedi ately descended into the kitchen to hang iii the blind. She had not been there many moments when, looking in the direction of the stairs clown which she had descended, -she became suddenly terror-stricken, and, seizing the arm of her friend, Mrs Johnson, with a con vulsive grasp, exclaimed in broken ac cents, ' Oh, Mrs. Johnson, I saw some thing on the step ! Take mo away ! ' This unexpected incident imparted a reality to the occasion which perhaps few present had expected. Mrs Rol- linsoii, iu an agony of terror, was con veyed up the steps, and immediately afterwards fainted. After a while her consciousness returned, but for a brief interval, and she as-aired her friends, iu the most earnest and solemn maimer, that she had seen on the stairs a female form, dressed in white apparel, and that it approached and rushed past her Again sho relapsed into a state of un consciousness, iu which condit'on she was removed in a cab to Iter lodgings, and died there about noonNon Monday Her death had certainly been caused by the fright she received on the previous day, up to which time she was in per fect health and spirits; and her friends concur in stating that she was by no means of a timid disposition. A coro ner's inquest was held on Tuesday, on account of the poor woman's sudden death. The hard headed matter of- fact jury could make nothing of the ghost story, so they returned a verdict of ' Sudden but natural death.' Wo are unable to add that this verdict has had the etU-ct of exterminating the super' stitious feelings that the tragic incident of Sunday last, and the rumours which preceded it, have awakened. — Chelten ham Examiner. 