"THE IMMACULATE CONCEPTION OF'"HE BLESSED VIRGIN." No iy. ' (To la. _ti'<or 0/ JA. Sydney Homing BcraU.) , Su,-The history alluded to at the cloie of my lut letter is related by Wadding in a tract entitled " Le Ktlo Philhppi 3 et Ph. 4, and Paul 6 et Greg li,* ivan 1624 '^ He aUtes that the people of Spain were about eight years before excited to the devotion of the Virgin by her alleged appearance to Francis à San Jago, à Franciscan monk, to wham she gave a ring in sign of the truth. In consequence of this he excited the people to set np trophies of the Virgin's vic- tories over original am, at the corners of streets, in highways, fat., with the mscrlption "Mary was con- ceived without original stn ' The King, to allav the discussions which arose about it, petitioned the Pope by ambassadors, who obtained a decree of the Inqulsi tion, confirmed by His Holiness on dist August, 1617 In this decree the Pope left the matter just where he found it, deciding nothing A second embassy was afterwards despatched The result was the Pope's declaration, that " he had done all he could in the matter, whioh required more mature consideration than he could afford," and that " God had not yet \ntpirta\ nor his conscience as yet dictated anything to On farther application, the Pope made answer, that " Popes could not always satisfy the desires of kings and princes, especially m those things whioh are determined not by a human, but by a Divine sen- tence, such as require not man a judgment, but the in- spiration of the Holy Ghost and an inward impulse The ambassadors further represented on this, that it required the Pope's interference, because whilst some priests offered the body of Christ in honour of the Immaculate Conception, there were others who derided and insulted, flaying it was a mere figment, | fto The reply of the Pope was, that he was well affected towards the dogma, but the dissentients i insisted that theirs was the vnammout doctrine of all \ the Father^ and m particular produced the testimony I of St Augustine, Lambard, and Bonaventura The ambassador said, that even these Fathers might have erred, and (turning to thB Pope) that "in thee alone, and thebuhops m thy «¿air, no error hat place , in thee truth is established, and in thy seat has set up her perpetua! and venerated throne from that throne no The Pope reminded, moreover, of Bändel s work, which the ambaesador and contained thuga denounced in the Bull of Sextus IV, mado answer, that the Constitution of Sextus IV waa sufficient. Further, he said, that though the Church, by the Feast of the Blessed Conception, intended her preservation from original sin, yet it was better, in the then turbulent and calamitous state of the empire, to study for peace at home rather than innovate The Pope, more- over, flaid that the Maculists urged, that if a decision was to be come to, their side would have It, because of the authority of Scripture, the D ctors, and St. Thomas The ambassador put in a ninth application, urging that "the controversy ought to be ended by a definitive sentence, and that sentence for the Immaculate Conception " To which the Pope replied, " that ha knew what he could do, the doubt waa not of his power, but of the convenience and neceas ty for denning it, and that that was by no means a fit season for the examination and determination of the question " A new ambassador, "the Duque d'Albuquerque," was then sent, who could get no better answer from his Holiness the new Pope, Gregory XIII, than from Pius IV, though he plied both in all manner of ways On the 4th «f July, 1622, a brief waa de*paVmed to the King of Spain, containing, among other things, these statements "That the reason why the Pope did sot determine anything waa the weightmess of the business and the example efformer Pope» Wherefore, seeing that eternal wisdom hat not yet dxteaetted to the Church the recette* of io great a myitery, the faithful people ought to rest satisfied in the autharitv of Goa and the Bom an Popes, Ac" Now, on May 24, 1662 there came forth a decree repeating those of Sextus IV and Paul V , and deter- mining that till the apostoUo chair had declared the matter, no one should assert that the Virgin was con- ceived in original em , and yet, on July 22, 1662, the Dominicans obtained permission to argue the matter without incurring penalties Thus rested this matter ao far as the Pope waa con- cerned But the Council of Basle spoke out their mind IA their 36th session, determing it to be unlaw ful to hold "any other doctrine than the dogma m question Unfortunately, however, m the 34th session this Council deposed the then Pope, Bugenius IV, and, therefore, when they proclaimed toe Immaculate Conception, they wera in schism and therefore, their deere« was void, because it needed the Pope's confir- mation In 1854 all this had been finally settled, so far as a Council not (Ecumenical can settle it, and it is to be hoped, there will be an end of contests on the subject between opposite parties m the Church of Rome Protestants with such as the Paris Dissentients, will still hold their own opinions nevertheless, will be more determined than ever m their opposition to a doctrine that has no foundation m the Bible , and no other support, as we have seen, than the will of the Pope Protestants mar be called upon to witness many things which will grieve them sorely to behold m a Christian land, and we must be prepared for all kinds of extravagancies such, as m times past, grieved our pious ancestors Wantofspac«forbidaftirt-iercoifcment, and, therefore, In conclusion, I will add a few remarks on some results of the reception of the new dogma by those who held it in times oefore the present, and when itwas not offi- cially declared In quoting things as they are represented to have occurred, I do not forget that the Congregation of Indulgences and Belies, during the time of Pope Innocent XL, on 7th March, 1678, dealt very cavalierly with many prayers and masses and indulgences that had been sanctioned by previous Popes, and that, therefore, it may be pleaded, some things objection able to Protestante were done without Papal sanction But I have no desire to lay the extravagancies of Romish enthusiasts at the official door of the Pope It is the practice of such things, arising from the re ceptlon of certain doctrines allowed, that needs re mark, and they sh»w the tendency of auch doctrines when received to pervert the spirituality of worship into superstition. On the other hand, it must be allowed that fre- quently ona Pope has judged wisely in suppressing what a former Pope has ordained ; but this very pro- priety subjects the Papal authority to doubt and dia respsot. Thus, we find, Innocent XI. prohibiting the retention or printing of an office of "the Immacu- late Conception, approved hythe sovereign Pontiff Paul V. " Sub petals in Indice librarum prohibitorum i contentis." Yet what shall we say when we find this notion of 1 the Immaculate Conception employed as a charm ! against foxes ? The following is an old form of con I j oration against them in use in Franoe some years 1 ago, if not now:-" Au norn du Pera | etduFils, and du S esprit t Renards ou Renardes, Stc" " In the name of the Fa'her, Bon, and Holy Ghost : Dog foxes or bitch foxes, I conjure and charm you, and I conjure yon, in the name of the very holy, and over holy, as our Lady was " encélente, that you neither take nor drive away any of my poultry, whether,,cocks, hens, or chickens j not to eat their nests, nor suck their blood, nor to break their eggs, nor to do them any harm, &o.;" To be said thrice a week. Again, " to cure fevers, by giving te the sick a piece of paper, inscribed ' P. N. Immaculatam Coneop tionem B. Virginie Marin, &c;,' It must be cut in small pieces and put in the broth to be swallowed by the sick. There are religious in Provence who use this remedy : and when people grumble about it, It is replied. God has said, Comede oaiumtn ittud (Son of man, eat this roll). Krek, iii. 1. Again, " to heal many diseases, " it suffices to carry about the Pattport of the Immaculate Conception, which is a prayer; ending with these words, " Tot* pulchra est Maria, et Maoula non eat in te." There ii no necessity to multiply these examples, which are taken from a Treatise on Superstition, by the Rev. Dr. Thiers, approved by the Faculty of Paris, 30 January, 1679, under tho signature of -I, Masure, Abbot of St John, of Chartres ; and again by Dubois le Fevre, on 20th December, 1678, who adds to his certificate a very high testimonial to the value of the work, and ita strict con* fortuity to the d'*trlne of Church. Kow, this- euthorr-B©-recommended,-' diatfarctly- avows amoha«tÍAAts.u*íh«é.'.iIn 167/, Fath«TmpetialU, Superior of the Jesuíta of Naples/ dUcovered a new Ehen'omenon in'the heaven of, devotion, OT,4I you will, i the land of. the finest and moat mya tío Scholasticism. Ha obtained a Brief from the Pope for the erection of a new Fraternity in honour or Saint Anne, giving it the title of " Blessed Anne the Virgin, and Mother of the Mother of God." pretending that Saint Anne wai -a virgin, because the Mother of God her daughter had been conceived without original ein. ftc. (tom. 11, / And he then nukes the following relations. "Another Jesuit of Naples piinted, at the same time, a book to justify this .pretended virginity of Saint Anne, and another Jesuit, who waa prefect of the congregation of Neapolitans, preached in order to exhort the faithful to communicate on the day ot the Festival of St. Aaae, heeauee (said he) they rectioed in the Sueharitt the pfooer fleth of that Saint, whioh would prove by reasoning farther than the eye can reach, that one could equally dad in that divine mystery, the proper flesh of Adam. But, unhappily, for these ' three Jesuits, the splendour of their ' new phenomenon dazzled and startled so "completely the Inquisition of Naples, that it speedily made Father Imperialis to dissppear, cen- suring the book sa well as the sermon, and punishing ttfe printer." À. gentleman of my acquaintance once heard a preacher declare, that ** in order to communicate In de- votion for the holy Virgin, one must not look upon it to be the body of Jesus Christ whioh is received in the Holy Sacrament, but by a rare and exquisite taste i of spirituality (pat* un ragout), must consider that we I there received a flesh formed of the purest blood of the holy Virgin." (On devait contiderer que Von y reeevoit i «ft« ehaite formée du plus pur tuna d4 la tainte Vierge.) (ii. p. 266). Our author very properly remarks on this state- ' ment, that no one can be led to eternal salvation by the voice of falsehood ; and that the "Intention" mentioned was the fruit of superstition and pernicious I worship. I So general was such like superstition in the time of Raynaud, that he says there was scarcely a respect- able woman in the town of Bourges that did not re- peat every day during a whole year the office called " La Couronne de St. Anne," being persuaded that at the end of the year she would obtain one of three things whioh she asked of God. And Dr. Thiers, the Cure of Vibraie, gives the fol- lowing specimen of the salutation to the members of the Virgin Mary's body, recommended to the faithful in a publication entitled " Devote salutation des mem- bres sacrés du corps de la glorieuse Vierge Mere de Dieu, Par. R. P. J. H Capucin. Parí« 1678. chez ii. Hauteville." " To the Hair of the Virgin. I salute you, charming locks of Mary, rays of the mystic sun, lili s ot the centre and circumference of all created perfection, veine of gold of the mine of love, bonds of the prison of God, roots of the tree of life, streams of the fountain of Paradise, string of the i bow of love, hunting bands of Jesus and of the chase of souls. To THE BAAB.-I salute you, intelli- gent ears of Mary ¡ presídtal judges of the Princess of the poor, tribunals of their requests, audience of the wretched, universities of Divine wisdom, receivtra general of orphans, pierced by the little rings of our i chains, empesrled with our necessities. To THB . WOUB.-I salute you, miraculous womb of the Vir- gin ; worship of tie prodigies of God, ark of his cove- i , nant with man, nuptial bed of the two bodily natures | which has united two incompatible metals, heap of wheat surrounded by lilies, sphere which has home I the sun, morning which baa produced the day.", | I'heothersalutetionsareno^hesays.leasimpertinent, and in consequence, M. de Valois was led to use these words of indignation. " What would not Innocent X1 have done had he heard tell of the impertinent de- votion of the monk of whom M..spoke to the other day. Would he not have rigourously condemned the superiors who suffered one of their visionaries to print Prayers, addressed to all parts of the body of the holy Virgin, separately. Re- ligion, modesty, sod good sense, are they not hurt by auch like extravagance?" To conclude. Ia there not enough advanced iu the preceding quotations to justify our doubts as to the honor which accrues to Pius XX, " signalising himself in the service of the Queen of Heaven" by the declaration of the new degma; and also ti reply to the uncalled-for attack on Protestants, who are branded as having no true faith; as being Impious, presumptuous, and struck blind Î Who, we may ask, after reading suoh state- ments as the Church of Rome furnishes against herself can doubt where the heresy really reata, and that it is not Protettantiem which " reduces the status" of the Holy Mother of our Lord " to the lovett pottible itandard." If " the Protestant feels outraged at the idea of a belief in the Immaculate Conception," ia there not a I am, air, yours ate.. "" EX DISBHTIENTIBTJ8. May 7th, 1868 