THE UNFULFILLED PREDICTIONS. (From tht Examiner, March Mth.) : Oar readers will not soon forget that the world wai recently woll nigh brouRht to an untimely end ,bjr a collision betwoen Benlcdom and Bumble dom, or a clash brtwoen the Coroner's iu- Million and the Police. Coming events cast their shadows before them, and this conflict expressly prefigured the struggle between the legislative and the exe cutivo bodies upon tho question of inquiry into Crimean management. Mr. Roebuck, insisting on an inquest on tho body of the army, was (ho Wakley of the situation t Lord Aberdeen and the speeders, tho police. Beakdom was on this occa sion most vociforou*. Wlui woes it predict«df whit convulsions, what disruptions ! The Com mittee room No. 17 was to bo Pandora's box, without the hope at tho bottom. Swift's spider thus forcibly describes her feelings when she saw the housemaid approach' her. web with that infer nal instrument of destruction called a broom, ' I thought heavon and earth were coming together I' And certainly the seceden had some reason for holding the same opinion, considering that the mere whiff and wind of Mr. Roebuck's motion had blown a Cabinet to pieces, and swept men of their strength away like antumn leaves before the wind. How than could tho country, how conld the war abroad, or tho peace at bomo, stand the . shock of this tremendous inquiry ? Who eonld say where it would stop, who could say what it would not involve T It was the bluo chamber of Bluebeird, and the fair Fatima was Roebuck. There runs a story that the Speaker haying threatened to name a nember who had penisted in some breach of order, was afterwards requested by the offender to explain what would have be fallen him if the dread raonnce had bison carried'; into execution. The Speaker's answer, with all . due expression of awe, was, ' the Lord only knows ' what 1' And tbe same great indefinite what now awaited the inquiry. ? ? f . ''. ''?' ' Yet here we are.' England stands where it did. The constitution is not a jot more ruined than usual, or than is good for f;. ' Truly says the old ' proverb, 'threatened men live long.' The in quiry goes on, and with no present prospect of bringing anything to an end but a multitude of fooleries and mischievous pedantries. Whatever evil was in it Was expended as it were in its first breath, which puffed four of our stoutest and best from their mats of qffict. It was a squall soon, over. : Yet there are' some who havo still misgiv«, ings, that the present calm is treacherous, and '. that there will be more tumbling out' somewhere* ' before the play is played out. ' ' ' !i '!;. The Italians have a story of a merchant who»«:. '; ship, laden with figs, perished in a white squall. ?' Having swam ashore, the man, bereft of his all,' .' surveying the sea, once more unruffled, arid smiling under a bright sun, doubled his fist,' and ' ?haking it at the deitroyer, cried, 'Ah! hangr you, you put on your tempting looks again, so you want more figs, do you, odd rot you.'. : And there are persons who, looking with an ' evil eye at the enquiry, think that, notwithstand ing: ail its present smoothness, it wants' more figs, more castaway Gladstones and Grahams. , ? It w»s but ' the o'her day that we road of a ' woman1 frightened to death by a ghost, which eise most closely resembles the sud exampls oV tho'Btatwmen frightened' out of their ? wits,1 and''' what it worse, oat of their places, bra bugaboo of their own dressing up. But who's afraid now. in the broad daylight of tho inrestiga- ? tion?': ???? ?-- ! ??'?. ? ;/;?;;? ;::; '':'U;X'~:^ : The Time* 'observes; that the dUparaging, . comment upon tht ditclosuroi, nonr is, (' This .' is not'. new.' 'But 'it is. to be rerdomb'ered.'that, ,-' the previous strictures on the newspaper accounts, had been, ' This is not true.' ' ' So to-ila'y the fact* are treated n« trite and haclcnoyod which yesterday were denied as false, orchufgad wilh ' enormous exaggeration/ That it' is that any ?tick is' good enough to beat a dog i' 'and 'what'. was1 branded ai a lie at. one time' is a stale truth' when established. The oridonco losos none of its ', ' interest and force as it advances, arid it brings' before us the acts of men; to call' whom mad -. would be to diguify their aberrations, but more1 ' - correctly to be' described by the Scotch word' fatuouB. \\. ' ,,' _'.;?_! ':'?.',.','',. 'i! ?'..??'. The Sbtiw or tax. Heroes.— -The '-'_? payi of, our brave soldiers in the Crimea ought certainly to be increased, if- for no ? other reason, yet for tkis, that all the booty 't^yi-'^vV-l»*;y«V'''^V:?™'''*Wi.l??n8'ls'?^'.-'0.^ Russian boots. . Nevertheless, '. ' rnariy , of those gallant fellows are. going hare-foot ; so that the Russians, dead or alive, have not leathered them?, v ' '? :', ;.' .;'..;',,' ,'':.',.'. Tnit .Wiif«'8 SxBATAOESf.— A financier, j . well known under the. Restoration!' en- J : joyed the reputation of being the greatest ' ' amateur id breastpins in the, capital.',' .His charming ;wife, who might have bieea taken . : . for hia daughter, was most attentive n ' her! endeavours to satisfy his mania; and : : not j only, on ordinary occasions, but at al^ . : times' was .glad to seize opportunitie's^'fpr. presenting him with a new breast i pin, utterly unlike any he possesied.^ ' More, she carried her attentions , «b lt»'r as to insist. upon, reserving to herielf,. as hec ; . . exclusive privilege, the ..carei pf .selecting i and' placing the pin to be. worn every ?? . - , morning. As the reader may readily un- \ derstand, the husband . was delighted, to ; ; be the bbjgct of aUentions, so delicate; and , , constant. But oh ! feminine perfidy/!; must , v the mystery be revealed ? Eaph specimen of- this rich collection had a private Big riificatjpn,: understood by rnadame.and a young gentleman whom her husband visi ted 'daily. A solitary. *?brilH»nt, emblem i. _ of the shepherd's star,L meant ' I; sballb* '; ? at ' home this, eyenipg;!' j A '( cameo, '.with ' the :head. of Medusa carved ^iipqn_ it, meant., 'My.husband.will.be at home.'-. A sac- , dallion' full-of hair meant 'I i have 'the ? headachei''::There i was r- b; breaat'°'pin ; for ;eaijh'th'eatreii. ''lor^'ieaclig^iilk, ?for,''e'ac|i friend's house at. Whioh !a meeting, could , . ?be arranged.: :.n iuy. ?;.;-,.,:.? ., ??.: . - .\; .' i . 