* .., CORRESPONDENCE. MY FINAL RI7Z0LUTI0N (to the edithurs u' the Freeman.) JINTLEMEN, — It's the quare world entirely we live in—though gifted in a quarther of a million of ways, by the bounties ov Providence, we can sildom persuade the rest of our fellow min to look upon things from the right side ov common sinse ; they are always nibbliu, and quibblin, and dribblin in every phaze and vai'iety o' nonsense, and niver attempting to run the channels of Human Sagacity in the slightest taste wider, now, i've been always trying to persuade The Avorld that My charactheristic thrate was a won dherful cuteness ; but to yer surprise be it tould, i'\re been looked upon by inost people us rather simple — something ov an omadhan — how this.thre .mindous ihfattyation has took possession o' the br∈ of the world, is a gordon's not [Gordian Knot] that can't ever be loosened, like an unsuitable marriage, with aither one's hands nor one's teeth. the perversity ov the Human incomprehension will dhrive me mad some o' these burnin daysr what quarc things them hot winds is, the have an awful timper intirely— but I want yez all, you jintlemin and The public At large, to have sum knowsluon ov my cuteness before i tell yez what i'm going finally to do. when i was a mere bit ov a gorsoon, .and long before i learned all the sciences — or at laste heard the names o' thim, which is all that a grate many grate min know about thim — i once had the plazing task ov houldmg rather tuavy jyluluom.ajii-s norse, while he (his reverence 2nd not the baste) was on duty — well, and behold you, when the priest re turned from the sheeliug where he was at, he mounts liia buccypheiim, without a word for me, gives me the ghost of a salute or nod with his ?line large head, and was going to ride off' without as much as flinging his blessing at me. ? — ' Well, yer rivirence,' cries i out aftlier him, da.tarmined not to bo outdone, for Father Thady was mighty funny and good-hearted, ' well, yer rivironce,' says i, 'when and where am i to go for the shillin f '? arrah ! what shillm, Barney,' sez the priest. ' 'Wliv t.hp. OTifi -im nmv thinMnri hi i/our mind of giving me for houldmg the baste !' sez i. '? JScdad, Barney, you done me -there,' sez his revirence, 'i havn't the shilling now about me — ?but i'll owe it to you.' ?'? Don't name.it, yer rivirence,' sezi., 'you aro a sure debtor ;' and wid that he left me. I was also too able for a red-fticed, burley, swaggering lump ov a pretescaui. parson one time, while i was still a slip of a boy ; he saw me up on some crab trees plucking the fruit, and he thought to cam grand ou me by saying, — 'Boy, why are you plucking that wild fruit?'* ' Sure they aren't wild, yer worship' (we al ways called him his worship, bekaze che was a nia#isthrate — you know of ould they said your worship to a grate golden calf), 4i they aren't wild {it all!1' ' Tiioy are, sirrah, wild aj-ples !' he cries. ' Sure, yer worship, if they wor wild they 'wouldn't wait for -me to catch them' sez i ; — and with that i began to chatter with my voice as if there wor a nest of young magpies in my throat, . and the parson whit elf in high gudgeon [dud geon '?] another time whin i was in the States, i coin plately done an edithur of a paper, by the force of my iugenowitty — the name of the journal, in question was 'the shower of Fire And brimstone of the Cattaplash and Wampi-Wainpi Flats,' ami was got up to smash down the 'ftyrithcr tonans.' well guess how i spifiied him ? i bribed a bit of a'docthor in new jei;icho, and a rascal of a nie thody parson to publish abroad, that there was poison in the type and ink of the ' Shozver of Fire and Brimstone' — that two childre died in Catta winki, on the Suthern bordher 0' the 'Wampi- \V'ainpi Flats, from merely touching the poison ous hebdomadal immediately afther delivery — that ifc was certain death to touch a damp number o the paper — that it was accident poisoned the type, &.c, &c.; Well it was wondhcrful how the dudge took — no one believed the protestations o' the '?'shower' and the final devilopment o' the re e.ulfc was, that that scrap ov a low Edithur was forced to retire into the obscurity, or rather to the duties of his original state— namely, a sate on a taiior s gioeraixer, via very ntcie or notning to do, save now and thin making sheep-skin breeches. now, jintlemin 0' the ' freeman,' i've told yez all this in ordher to prove that i'd be ov grate use in your legyslating council, i made up my mind yestherday — i will oppose that mr. jimmy Mar tin, 1.1. d., if he stands for cock and westmother land. but i'm terrible afeard of two things ; — the first of which is, that the l.l.d., afther the name of the honorable Mr. martin, will act like a young hurricane against me. i believe he got the title of l.l.d- afther his name, bekase he was edicated at a certain Sydney College, which has growed into it grate university, and this alma mother will give titles to all the ould gorsoons — the ould boys of other days. Maybe i could buy a title? Bar ney Maguire, Esq., f.r.s. (which might thruly mane First Eatc Shot) would come in thremon dously slick when pronounced at a public dinner. — the second thing i'm afeard of is, that my threasury is not over and above full — i can't well stand to be a mimbor of council nor sit in the honorable house, unless the country, or some one in it, makes me in a certain sinse indepindent by giving me a. good house, or a slip of laud in a business part of Sydney, or settling something on me as a newity, [annuity] its pity to keep me out on the quolification tuck. It would be only fair for the country to do the d¢ thing, bekase i'd shower a whole ocean ov beneilts, and blessings, and consolations, and jclljfycations over the lingth uud breath — aye, and dipth of the land, i intend to write three epistles on the subject of my being a mimber o' the new parlymint — the first to the rale Mectors — the second to the Times newspaper, Lunnun — the third to mr. jimmy himself, advising him to have a proper regard for his own intherests moral and material, and a proper sinse o' fear of the Maguires o' Freyne, and not oppose a man of such a variety of quollyfycations — particularly one so fit for rough work as me myself. The next letther i write yez wont be to yez at all — but wait till ye see it— it will take the coal ovyour pipe — it will throw you into a suds of per spiration — it will make you dhrink a couple ov bottles ov ale to cool yourselves, it will make you believe that the maguires can't be bet with a fair weapon and on a fair field — it will,demonsthrate to the world that i am fit to be a grate man, and that a thrifle of polish would make me a bright jaynius wtirely. i subscribe, or rather subscribble myself, jintlemin, yer obedient, humble BARNEY MAGUIRE, (late edithur o' The jnpithcr tonans.) 