FFrom the Leader.'] GEOFFREY CRAYON'S NEW SKETCH-BOOK. Chronicles of Wotfert'i Tioost, and other Papers. By Washington Irving. Constable and Co.. Anything written by Washington Irving is welcome at all times. To us, the collection of ' Papers' which we are about to notice is doubly and trebly welcome just now, from tho mere force of the delightful contrast which Wasiungtm Irving, as a wiiter, presents to certain writers of Young America, and of Young England also, whose bouks it is one of the misfortunes of our position to be officially compelled to read. We havo had hard work given u.s to do of late by the small au'hors. There is scarcely any form of exasperating nonsense with which 'using geniuses' on both sides of the Atlantic have not made us more or less familiarly acquainted, by means of a too compliant printing-press. Mm. ' Fanny Fern's' Tale, which wo allowed to expose its own \vorthlessnes3 a fortnight 3incej is only a specimen of dozens of other contemporary book?, just as badly written, which we have forborne to notice. After having sought in vain through the transcen dental literature of Young America, and tbe fast literature of Young England, for thought, feeling, taste, and style — and after having found nothing to compensate for the want of all fair qualities but broken-winded 'elo- quence' in the American case, and simious smartness in tho English — it is a luxury, in deed, to open the pages of Wolfert's lioosl, and to find there not only the evidence of natural abilities of a raro and high order, but also, in every paragraph, the most delightful proofs of workmanlike earnestness, patience, and care. He is an author who thinks ju3tly, feels delicately, labours sincerely— what a contrast to Mrs. ' Fanny Fern' and ' Mr. Verdant Green 1' The . Chronidea of WblferVs Boost occupy only tho first 20 pages of tho volume before us. Tales, sketches, picturesque anecdotes, and snatches of history, travelling experiences, and short essays, fill the book in tho most miscellaneous manner. Now, as in Wolfert's Boost, we, havo tome pages which Beeai to have been taken from tho manuscript of that admirably humorous book, Knickerbocker's History of New'Sorh. Now, as in the Creole Villaae. we are Dresented with an exauisitelv graceful and graphic sketch, which reminds us of Geoffrey Crayon's best days, Now; as in tho Great Missiarippl Bubble, we have a specimen of that delightful power of narrating which enables Washington Irving to mako tho oldest subjects new again for all his readers. Whether he is .writing Sketches in Paris, or searching for traces of Don Juan at Seville, or telling a ghost story of the Grand Prior of Minorca, he is sure to achieve the one great triumph of interesting his readers. Everybody who has reactatall knows something by this time of the genial humour, the deli cate irony, the quiet tenderness, and the grace ful correctness of stylo which distinguish Washington Irving as a writer. The best and briefest opinion we can offer on the volume now under notice is that it is worthy of its author— which is as much as to say, in other words, that it is worthy of being read by everybody. We caunot prevail on ourselves to close tho book without tempting our readers irresistibly to its perusal by an extract. How genuine and delicate is the humour— how exquisitely true and happy the observation in this pas sage:— 'THE TWO DOGS. ' Beside this African domestic, tho seigneur of the village had another no less cherished and privileged attendant. This was a huge dog of the mastiff breed, with a deep hanging mouth, and a look of surly gravity. He walked about the cabin with the air of a dog perfectly at home, and who had paid for his passage. At dinner-time he took his seat beside his master, giving him a glance now and then out of a corner of his eye, which ba spoke perfect confidence that he would not be forgotten. Nor was he ; every now and then a huge morsel would be thrown to him, perad veuture tho half-picked leg of a fowl, which he would receive with a snap like the spring ing of a steel-trap — one gulp, and all was down: and a elanco of the eve told his master that he was ready for another c -n- signment. ' Tho other village worthy, travelling in company with the seignear, was of a totally different stamp— small, thin, and weazen-faced, as Frenchmen are apt to be represented in caricature, with a bright, squirrel-like eye, and a gold ring in his ear. His dress was flimsy, and sat loosely on his frame, aud he had altogether tho look of ono with but little CGin in his packet. Yet though one of the poorest, I was assured ho was one of the mer riest and most popular personages in his native village, ' Compere Martin, as he was commonly called, was the factotum of the place — sports- man, schoolmaster, and land surveyor. He could sin?, dance, and above all. nlav on tbe fiddle— -an invaluable accomplishment in an old French Creole village, for the inhabitants have an hereditary love for balls and/etes / if they work but little, they dance a great deal, and a fiddle is the joy of their heart. ' What had sent Compere Martin travelling with the Grand Seigneur I could not learn ; he looked up to him with great deference, and was assiduous in rendering him petty atten tious ; from which I concluded that ho lived at home upon the crumbs which fell from his table. He was gayest when out of his sight ; and had his song and his joko when forward among the deck passengers ; but altogether Compare Martin was out ol his element on board of a steamboat. Ho was quito another being, I am told, when at homo in his own village. ' Like his opulent fellow-traveller, he, too, had his canine follower and retainer — and one suited to his different fortunes— one of thu civilest, most unoffending little dogs in the world. Unlike the lordly mastiff, be seemed to think he had no right on board of the steam boat; if you did but look hard at him, he would throw himself upon his back, and lift up his legs, as if imploring mercy. ' At table, be took his seat a little distance from his master ; not with tho bluff, confident air of the mastiff, but quietly and diffidently ; his head on one side, with one ear dubiously slouched, the other hopefully cocked up ; bis under teeth projecting beyond his black nose, and his eye wistfully following each morsel that went into his master's mouth. ' If Compere Martin now and then should venture to abstract a morsel from his plate to givo to his humble companion, it was edifying to see with what diffidence the exemplary little animal would take hold of it, with the very tip of his teeth, as if he would almost rather not, or was fearful of taking too great a liberty. And then with what decorum would, he eat it ! How many efforts would he make n swallowing it, as if it stuck in his throat; vith what daintiness would he lick his- lips ; md then with what an air of thankfulness vould be resume his seat, with his teeth once nor^a projecting beyond his nose, and au eye -f humble expectation fixed upon his master.' That picture of the two dogs is as perfect a «asterpiece as ever appeared on Landseer's :anvas. Here is another study from the life, if a very different subject, but equally de lightful iu its humorous and delicate truth of abservation: — ' MY FRENCH ^TUGHBOUE. ' I often amuse myself by watching from my window— which, by the by, is tolerably elevated — the movement of the teeming little world below me; and as I am on sociable terms with the porter and his wife, I gather from them, as they light my fire, or serve my breakfast, anecdotes of all my fellow-lodgers. I havo' been somewhat curious in studying a little antique Frenchman, who occupies one of the jolics chambres de garcon already men tioned. He is one of those superannuated veterans who flourished before the Revolution , aud have weathered all the storms of Paris — in consequence, very probably, of being for tunately too insignificant to attract attention. He has a small income, which he manages with tho skill of a French economist : appro priating so much for his lodgings, so much for his meals, so much for his visits to St. Cloud and Versailles, and so much for his seat at the theatre. He has resided at the hotel for years, and always in the same chamber, which he furnishes at his own expense. The decora tions of the room mark his various ages. There are somo gallant pictures, which he hung up in his younger days, with a portrait of a lady of rank, whom he speaks tenderly of, dressed in the old French taste, and a pretty opera-dancer, pirouetting in a hoop petticoat, who lately died at a good old age. In a corner of this picture is stuck a prescription for rheumatism, and below it stands an easy chair. He has a small parrot at the window, to amuse him when witain doors, and a pug Anrr in nwnmrmnv him in his fl.iilv nfiresrrina tions. While I am writing, he is crossing the court to go out. He is attired in his be?t coat of sky-blue, and is doubtless bound for the Tuileries. His hair is dressed in the old style, with powdered ear-locks and a pigtail. His little dog trips after him, sometimes on four legs, sometimes on three, and looking as if his leather small-clothes were too tight for him. Now the old gentle man stops t© have a word with an old crony who lives in the entresol, and i3 just returning from his promenade. Now they take, a pinch of snuff together; now they pull out huge red cotton handkerchiefs— those ' flags of abomi nation,' as they have well beeu called, and blow their noses most sonorously. Now they turn to make remarks upon their two little dogs, who are exchanging the morning's salutation ; now they part, and my eld gentleman stops to havo a passing word with the porter's wife ; and now he saliies forth, and is fairly launched upon tho town for the day. ' No man is so methodical as a com plete idler, and none so scrupulous in mensurin? aud portioning out his time, as he whose time is worth nothing. Tha old gentleman in question has his exact hour for rising, and for shaving himself by n small mirror hung against his casement. Ho sallies forth at a certain hour every morning to take his cup of coffee and his roil at a cer tain cafe, where he reads the papers. Ho has bei;n a regular admirer of tho lady who pre sides at 'ho bar, and always stops to havo a little badinagz with her, en passant. He has his reguhr walks on tha Boulevards and in tho Palais Royal, whero ho sets his watch by the petard fired off by tho sun at mid-diiy. Ho has bis daily resort in the Gar den of the Tuileries, to moat with a knot of veteran idlers like himself, who talk on pretty much tho same subjects whenever they meet. He has beeu present at all the sights, and shows, and rejoicings of Paris, for the last fifty years; has witnessed tho groat events of tho .Revolution ; tho guillotin ing of tbe King and Queen; the coronation of Bonaparte ; the capture of Paris, and the restoration of tho Bourbons. All these he speaks of with tho coolness of a, theatrical critic; and I question whether he has not been gratified by each in its turn; not from any inherent love of tumult, hut from that in satiable appetite for spectacle which prevails among the inhabitants of this metropolis. I have been amused with a farce, in which ono of these systematic old triflers is represented. He sings a song detailing his whole day's round of insignificant occupations, and goes to bed delighted with tho idea that his next day will be an exact repetition of the same rou tine — ' Je me conche le soir, Enchanto de poavoir Becommencer mon train ? ' Le lendemain . Matin/' There are somo delicious descriptions of scenery, which we should like to extract ; hut our space is exhausted, and we must refer tho reader at once to the book itself. When a new edition is wanted, we would seriously counsel Messrs. Constable to give some prefatory ex planation on the subject of the variou3 papers in the volume. At present, riot a word of in formation is given as to how many of these papers have been printed before. They are all new to us ; but wo can hardly imagine that Washington Irving can have kept by him to the present time such a mass of unpublished manuscript as the contents of this book re present. 