THE REV. MR. DOYLE AND CARDINAL WISEMAN. (From the Times.) It will have been seen from our assize reports of yesterday that a verdict has been obtained against Cardinal Wiseman, by a priest of his own persuasion in on action for libel. As the authorship of the libel was not denied nor any justification pleaded, the jury had simply to consider the amount of damage j required, and these they set at £1000. Into this part of the subject, we shall not enter ; but the trial produced so many incidental illustrations of the discipline and usages of the Romish church, that it would be unwise to pass it without notice. It is not every day that such an insight is obtained into the doings of this community, and we, therefore, recapitu- late the leading particulars of the case, for the benefit of our readers. The Rev. Mr. Boyle, the plaintiff the action, is an Englishman, and was educated for the Romish church, partly in this country and partly abroad. In 1825 he joined the order of Jesuits, and in 1883 was ordained priest. In 1846 the "Pro- vincial Master of the Jesuits in England invited him to take the last solemn vows proceeding by which, it seems, he would have placed himself " at the disposal of the Pope for foreign missions;" or, in other words, have become liable to be sent to any part of the world at the Pope's discretion. If he had refused to take this view when formally called upon he would have been subjected to dismissal from the society, and this dismiss it would have entailed loss of credit. However, be succeeded in escaping the difficulty, for upon his i representing to the Provincial that, although he would take the vow if commanded, he had objections to doing so, he was released from the obligation, and permitted to quit the society on satisfactory terms. Shortly after this he was appointed " second priest at Islington. Here he found a large church, capable of holding 3000 or 4000 persons (though the whole number of Papists in the parish, according to his own estimate, was but ICOOorlGOG,) and an aged vicar, who lived in lodgings because he would not incur the responsibility of keeping up the vicarage house. This seems to have been in 1847, at which time Dr. Griffiths was Romish Bishop of the " diocese," according to the arrangements prevailing in the community. Six or eight months afterwards, Dr. Griffiths was succeeded in this office by Dr. Wiseman, and things appear to have gone on in their usual course till 1856 the year, al will be well remembered, in which Dr. Wise- man throw the whole kingdom into agitation by his assumption of new titles and powers. In that year Mr. Boyle received a letter from his superior to the effect that he was to be so persisted in his situation, though it does not seem that the proceeding was grounded on any direct complaint or any charge of misconduct. Dr. Wiseman appears simply to have alleged that, after full consideration, he had resolved upon making a" total change of men and system at Islington, and had accordingly appointed " two fresh priests," one of whom proved to be the Rev. Mr. Oakley, a seceder, as will be recollected, from the Church of England, and a gentleman of considerable property. Whether the Cardinal thought that a church with 3000 or 4000 sittings ought to be supplied with half as many attendants whe- ther he thought that a wealthy minister was better for the place than a poor one, or by what motives in particular he was influenced, is more than can be said; but at 1 any rate, he decided that Mr. Boyle must be dismissed, though he offered him fan tal- py riant mission'at Chiohoster,"-a proceeding which of itself would seem to show that no imputation attached to his character. Mr. Boyle, however, was by no means willing to leave Islington. His salary there, as curate, was / " 5s. a-day," and this was raised by certain' dues to £150 or £160 a-year. He seems, moreover, to have laid out £300 or £400 of the curate's residence, in furniture and repairs, having intended, as he deposed, to increase his income by " educating young gentlemen for the Universities, a design in which Cardinal Wiseman promised to assist him. According to his statement, he had expended his money on a" distinct understanding with Dr. Griffiths, as to the permanency of his position, but he had no written document in proof of such arrangement. ''In our church," said he upon his cross-examination, " an inferior, would not dare to ask for such document from a superior. We are so much in their power and control that no priest would dare to say to his superior, ' Put this in black and white ;' he would not do it, but would most probably say, ' This is not the man for me.' "A Neither did it appear on the trial that he was unacceptable to his congregation, for one of its timbers deposed that when his r j. moval was talked of a memorial in his favor was signed in a very short time by llOO of his parishioners e" something Use four- fifths of the whole. However, though he appears to have questioned Dr. Wiseman's ' power to remove him, he was nevertheless removed ; he took his furniture with him, and, in liquidation of the other demand which he Had made on the score of his disbursements, he received only £60, of which £30 was due for arrears of salary, and £20 absorbed by the costs of recovering the debt. For this purpose he employed a solicitor, contrary to what) advice he reduced his original claim, in consequence, as he testified, of the Cardinals " pleading, poverty." It seems hard to disco . ver in these transactions any great offence committed by Mr. Boyle, unless it he that of demurring to the will of his superior, in whatever way signified ; but we learn, notwithstand- ing, that some time afterwards the dismissed t curate wrote two " letters of apology to the Cardinal, waited upon him at his palace in Golden-square, and there, in the reception room" of that establishment, I went on his i knees and asked him for pardon and fo. giveness." ! As long after wards as May, 1854, occurred, the circumstances out of which the trial in question arose. A Romish priest deposed in evidence that there were two parties in his church,-" a loyal party and a party which I was not' which remarkable definition he presently corrected to " an ultra and a moderate party." One of these sections disapproved the Cardinal's conduct in the proceedings of 1850; the other defended it, and the disputants ap bear to have advocated their respective opinions in two foreign journals, the Ami de la as- I Upton and the Universe, the latter of which was alleged on the trial to be under the inspiration of the Cardinal himself. A certain article adverse to the views of the ultra party I having appeared in the Ami de la Religion, the Cardinal seems at once to have attributed | it in his own mind to the pen of Mr. Boyle, and in return himself indicted an article in the Universe, signed with his own name, which contained the matter charged as libellous. In this statement, Mr. Boyle's connection with the order of the Jesuits, his subsequent career at Islington, and his proceedings in the matter of his removal were all so described that, although the plaintiff was not mentioned by name, there was no doubt as to the bearing of the allusions, and on these grounds the action for libel was brought and decided in the manner we have already related. The case first came on for trial last summer, but, the plaintiff having been non- suited on that occasion, an application for a new trial was made and granted. Such is a compendious exposition of the facts involved in the case of " Boyle v. Wiseman," and the reader will admit, we think, that they convey an edifying view of the discipline maintained in the Romish Church. What- ever may be the position of this community in other respects, it is at least plain that its interests are not likely to suffer from any want of power in the authorities, or any lack of rigor in its administration. These points, perhaps, are chiefly important as Papists themselves, out Englishmen may do well to observe and reflect upon the organisation of a church from the advances of which the interests of civil and religious liberty have at all times had so much to fear. A Calculating Boy. There was great ox I citement on 'Change on Monday. Merchants | elbowed each other and strained as if for dear life, for the purpose of looking at a singular person who formed the centre and attraction of the crowd. A little ragged boy, who had not yet seen fifteen summers, was the sole > cause of this display of energy. Clothed in tattered garments, and his feet encased in a I pair of Lancashire dumpers, he was promptly answering arithmetical questions that would have puzzled the majority of clerks who pride themselves on their smartness at figures. " How many farthings," asked one gentlemen, are there in £16,000,000, the amount of the new loan ?" The boy hung down his head for about half-a-minute, and then replied with confidence, "Fifteen millions, three hundred and sixty millions," the exact number. His name, he said, was James Dennis that he was an orphan and a native of Ireland and that he had been instructed in the mode of mental calculation he pursued at the Nottingham National School. A collection of sixpences, realising a few shillings, having been made among the bystanders, and handed to the lad, he struggled through the crowd of gazers, and ran briskly down Dale street, amid the cheers of about fifty boys, who appeared immensely delighted at this triumph of one of their own order Liverpool Albion. The Feemno on the County It is impossible for any serious-minded or patriotic Englishman to embrace within the circle of his vision the various circumstances and considerations which combine to made the present crisis one of the greatest this country has ever encountered-the gravest unquestionably that has been witnessed by the existing gone ration without sentiments of uneasiness which it would be idle to attempt to extenuate or disguise. The power of our enemy ; the importance of our object; the vastness of the interests involved; the immense expenditure already incurred ; the heavy sacrifices already encountered ; the possible dimensions which the contest, unless managed with consummate j akilJ, may ere long not improbably assume : the price at which conclusive victory must in all likelihood be purchased ; the still heavier t pi ice which an inconclusive or humiliating peace would coat-altogether form a collection of considerations sufficient to suggest the most anxious reflection, if not to warrant ' eerie rational misgiving. But more than all of these things we confess that the feeling too Curiously provident, not in one class, but in several classes of this community, fill us with nnoasiucFB, shame, sadness, and foreboding. The country is not in the frame of mind fitted to meet the emergency before it. It has not, risen to the grandeur of the crisis. It is more tally and morally unprepared, to a deplorable extent, for the grave exigencies of the hour, At a moment that calls, if ever moment did call for the display of every noble sentiment and the suppression of every petty thought ; ' w le n all fine and generous emotions should * stand forward in the front rank, and all moan enmities and selfish vanitieB should slink away into obscurity and await a safer and to ' 1 nEtr time ; when all rivalry and censorious jealousy should be hushed in an absorbing a few of the common danger, and the sole thought of public men should be not how to Hutch the reigns of power, but how to aid and strengthen the hands that hold them; and who n it is above all things essential to have a mind to keep, clear conceptions as to our part we see in ent ring upon this struggle, and as to the means by which and the price at which we are resolved these purposes shall be achieved at such a moment we look around us, and vi at is the spectacle we see ? Too undenia- I 1 lay on the part of more than one section of the nation, a disposition to question whether Uki count of the war was worth what it has i already cost us, and the further contingent I expenses and ports in which it may involve Uh, and whether it would not even now be I who to a mile ) out of it as best we may, rather ! than in. of the undefined probabilities of its continuance and extension and on the part of nearly all classes, a temper at once exacting, a imperious, and impotent, finding fault with several i -g and giving real and in milling.- ' JXcnomtst. [ Mb. Bbows*8 Decimal. System Ask 21 Weights and Measures Mr Btrnrrfi tion on the decimalisation of the RSL which was Gnther notice paper for! Mayor, is deferred till Tuesday £1 Trenear- h ?. Smith will also amendment to the motion of Mr Brown!' an address be presented to her first ing that she will be pleased to invite grets of representatives of all nation. a! view of considering thepractioabilUy0fS 'tog a common standard of money as ! f^?!^",8-: , la °PP.ortuneantf0ip2 the debate likely to arise on these the commissioners to whom, in 1838 the Chancellor of the Exchequer referred to. I federation of the course which ought! pursued, under the peculiar circumstance . the destruction of the standard weights < measures by the burning of the BoiXI bament, have at length made their resort ; appears that the yard standard, tiff, recovered, is' much-injured, "j ? ther pound standard was 'lost ; reneW ' absoîntèly^rnecéssory' that at to taken for the formation and leMlirfn, how standards of length and weight, visions against the loss of the standard; in the Act 9 George IV., which pr3 the yard shall be restored by taking the is which shall bear a certain proMMion S length of a pendulum, vib&tin7S;, mean time, in the latitude of London h 1 vacuum, at the level of the sea; and thus found shall be restored by taking the d! which bears a certain proportion to the wo of a cubic inch of distilled water, on a certain manner. It has beenascertti however, that several of the elements of real tion of the pendulum experiments are doubt or erroneous, and that the determining the weight of a cubic inch of distilled but,, also doubtful, the maximum difference of a best British and foreign determinations by 1 the one-twelve hundredth part of the ^ weight. The commissioners propose to, fore, that the above act should be repel and that the standard of measure raft mined by the length of a piece of an supported in a certain manner, at a ce temperature; the standard of weights certain piece of metal; and that of can by that which, under certain X stances of the barometer and thermos contains a certain weight of distilled in Itocourredtothom, in the course of their vestigation, that the pound troy, hits adopted for the standard of weight, is one ratively useless to the few trades or profess for which it was designed, and that to then massofthercpulation it is wholly calm They propose, therefore, to substitute k the pound avoirdupois, as being carried known, and well adapted to subdivision by a decimal scale, being now made equal to "5 grains. With regard to the sUndardofleúí they do not recommend any change. The vocates of the decimal system, who had greatly increased in number since the fern tion of the Decimal Association, under auspices of Mr. W. Brown, will be M learn that the commissioners regard dee taxation as an object which " ought never to placed out of view in cons'deringtheehni which may be made in the weights inda mines of the country." In considering the solute values of primary units, they could I but perceive that some alteration in those i lines would he attended with greatadwntia such as the simplification of the ri tions of our weights and measures to the ether and to those of foreign countries their more complete adaptability to the 1 small scale. They express their belief in the present time is unusually favorable for) introduction of moderate changes of i t tematic character and with this view recommend that our weights and means should be made to approximate to the deed scale, as far as may be deemed adiisHi " In introducing this subject," says the mit W' we beg leave to invite the attention of the Government to the advantage and facility establishing a decimal system of coinage, Your opinion no single change, which it is the power of Government to effect inc monetary system, would be felt by all elm so beneficially as this, when the temporary conveniences of the change had passed any! The changes which the report goes on tour commend in the coinage are identical with those advocated by the Decimal Aseoehtiou and which we lately noticed ;, and tiJ commissioners express their belief Ihr] " no circumstance whatever would col- tribute so much to the saturation of the decimal scale in weight! a measures, in those respects in which it if he really useful, of the establishments decimal coinage." They go on to recount the substitution of weights of 10, 20.3 CO, and 100 pounds for the 7,14, 28,5 112 pound weights now in use; their drachm weight and pound troy bo abolisU and that a measure of 1000 yards began duced, attire concurrently with the mass, J with the ultimate view of wholly supers it. The anomaly presented by the few venient relation of the mile and chain, and superficial measure of acre, rood, and used the yard and foot, was obvious to threes missioners ; but they report that "li permanent character of land, the ha of the persons most commonly employ upon it, and the great " extent your registered surveys, make it what impossible to effect a change to Ik principal superficial measures used for hal' The very simple decimal relation between 6 lines) land chain and the acre, the latter by ten square chains, with the excellent cents main Subdivision of the chain, insuietheil» lence of the chain of a measure in ordinary use, as long as the acre is retained for the tidal measurement. The simple relation k tween the land chain and the mile, left chains being one mile, will also tend to keep in use as a more linear measure longer than would otherwise be retained ; but the prows' alteration of the mile will remove the indus ment to use chain for linear measurement of the convenience of a measure of lOOOyira or of 2000 yards, the latter being nearer to the nautical mile, or minute of against cal degree, there can be no doubt. Amasa Of twenty yards might be substituted for li present chain of twenty-two yards for his measurement, leaving the latter to be called for the superficial measurement of und Liverpool Albion. . Tub Jews' OnrnAN Asian. The ss festival of the Jews' Orphan Asylum, in its man's-fields, was celebrated last evening the London Tavern, when about 150 gentle sat down to a dinner prepared, accordeD the strict injunctions of the Jewish ceremony law, by Mr. Myers, of Aldgate. The in was taken by Mr. J. Abel Smith, serves excited by the newly knighted should Charles Crosley, and many highly respected members of the mercantile community in a city of London. After the usual W and constitutional toasts, the chairman FG posed >' Success to the Jews' Orphan Asylum in an earnest and forcible speech, previous! to which the children of the Asylum w introduced, and paraded round the room in a usual manner, their healthy complexions contented countenances eliciting warm a pressions of satisfaction from the ship" guests. The hon. chairman observed that thought he should do wisely i/h«"»^ himself to pointing to the children had just entered the room. He had had IMP charge of going over the institution thatcher ing, and he could conscientiously bear any timony to the healthiness, comfort, on low fulness of the inmates. Whatever our rs giona might be, we were one as a nation, it was our first duty (a duty lees pass "a religious) to educate and to train the 50W The lion, chairman concluded his eyes with an address to the children, after they sang in chains, at his suggesT the popular song, "Britain's. Ú pride of the oceans The health d" chairman was proposed by Mr. TMjfZ president of the institution; and after a usual complimentary toasts to the presidents and other officers the Ayr"" company separated. It appears from port that, notwithstanding the im»0«*1'J sources of the institution., the 26TH''?' the number of its inmates (there W present 38 children in the Asylum), is"", still requiring its assistance, the high PTY, provisions, and the expenses ofimprovoa» nation far more than absorb the income, tax it is still requisite that the committee's raise the necessary supplies by P^V?«* t ens. The subscription a"s Le ing amounted to upwards of NSW.-" fíZoPu¡n¿dfby^'%ft,Onck,|M.l'; and the number of men employed, and the of money expended, in <thfe"foÛowjilg , in the payment of foreign: troops, em- Keep in the services the'Umted Kingdom, " In 1800,18,976 men, and £471, 23 voted, 1801, 136 men and £303,301 voted,; 1802\. 4152 men' and £Slo"i28Tvoted; 1303 5168 met), and £159,672 voted: Real' 12,159 men, and £582,262.^teJ ; 1605 17 136 men, and a 851,350 voted ; 160?, 22,439 men, and £985,W}yofa&; 1867 2min "rain and 208 2,400 voted 160?,' 22 125 pm, and £866 BBS vote; was 22 978 men, and £983, 654 tad ; 1810, '23,033 men, and £968,425 II in 1811, 2,089 men" and Em 225 wound; in 1812, 30,741 men, and Ti 146652 voted; in 1813, 31,259 men, and K205612 voted in 1814, 32,216 men, and 1206801 voted and in 1815, 21,314 man, sd £586 7.6 voted. The foreign troops Llojed included several German battalions, Bourbon Regiment formedTrom'"nitivd8 Eoutbon, Dr Roth's Regiment, the Chassis B-itanniqutP, Matron and White ville's left the Corsican Rangers, Dillon's Eggs n at,' the Greek Light Infantry, the wind Light Infantry, three Italian and theM less Pi o\iucials'fl independent uopiVieB of foreign is, deserters from the 'new army, the King's German Legion, the Duke of Brunswick'slnfantry, the Brans Kik flutters, and Fi ubeig'B Levy. AGuosi is Devonsuibe-Scarcely harsh treatment connected with the appearance of e c lebrat el " footmarks" in Devonshire assisted, before some of the inhabitants in the same district have been terrified by the fit of a ghost. The pan tender spot in Which is new under has taken up its habitation is the village of Kenton, about four or five miles an Lavater, and the facts appear to be ese -An old woman, of penurious habits, he had long lived at Kenton, died while she idiom that plate, and on her death she rest and that she might be buried in her native lige, but this request was not complied ill. Her many has hIm) kit entirely to one night r, to the exclusion or other children, he has cit distances conspired mater! ally aid in the belief that her spirit was not at it, can cully when, a few nights later, it; Bal aged fat lights were seen in the act) house which she had occupied during a Jif time. The flames quickly spread, a number of poisons both from Kent man j airtight mg villages attended, night after br, i' w far s the flu kering of light which he said to his observed in the old lady's form a battalion. The horn selected by the last for us appearance was shortly after ten clack in his evening, about the time when I old hely was wont to retire to rest The in earnest at last became so great that the village schoolmaster, one Mr. Jones, determined on EoaiDg for himself what all believed he a veritable ghost. He accordingly slept toe house somewhere night, and, as might re been expected, the troubled spirit did t disturb him. This accordingly allayed the sale of many of the villagers ; but the supers ibous still persist in their original belief man an old lady's ghost has been among them. 