NEW PARLIAMENT BILL.—REBATE ON 33rd CLAUSE. I HE debate on Mr John Baker's proposed amendment to the 33rd clause of the New Par liament Bill must not be allowed to pass with the few remarks only, with which we accom panied the publication of the lengthened report of that debate on the following morning. Few, if any of the members of the House, but were willing to acknowledge, that there would be some difficulty in calling together a Responsible Ministry under the operation of that Bill, if the Governor were to be restricted in bis choice of Ministers exclusively to one or botli of the Houses proposed to be created. The Ministers were to be_ six in number, and the range of choice, ineluping both Houses, was fifty-four But there might be a second, or even a third set of Ministers required, before any dissolution was thought imperatively necessary; and the range of choice, under those circumstances, would thereby become increasingly circumscribed. As a means of meeting this prospective difficulty, the Advo cate-General had inserted a clause in the Bill, authorising Ministers to sit and speak in either House, as occasion might require, but only to vote in that of which they might respectively be the members. Mr Baker thought this fell short of meeting the "whole difficulty of the case, and proposed, as an amendment on the clause, that, in the event of a sufficient number of suit able persons not being found in the House, out. of which to form a Ministry, the Governor should have the power to go out of doors, and choose not more than three other persons, to make up the number of bis Ministers, and with the privilege of seats in one or other of the Houses, during the continuance of the Ministry, of which they formed a part, in office. To this it is important to be added, that MrrBaker in sisted upon the non-adoption of this course, ex cept in a case of extreme emergency, aud that he a'SO insisted upon its not being had recouree to, until the Colonial Secretary, the Advocate General, and the Colonial Treasurer, had^ first been chosen out of one or other of the elective bodies, and had tried, but tried in vain, to make up the inquired number out of one or other of the Chambers. Such of our readers as have thoroughly mas tered the debate on this somewhat harmless pro posal must have felt 110 small measure of disgust at the hue and cry that has been raised about it as an insidious attempt to smuggle in afresh Legislative Nomineeism. We yield to none in our detesta tion of that effete and now almost exploded sys tem. We saw it, and have denounced it, under every successive administration of South Aus tralia, from Governor Gawler downwards. But we arc not going to be cheated into the belief, that such a remote contingency, as that proposed by Mr Baker, at all resembles the snake it lias taken the untiring efforts of these united colo nics so many years to scotch. True, the gentle men so chosen, if the. supposed event should arise to make such .a choice necessary, would be the Nominees of the Governor, as integral parts of his Ministry, and so would the Colonial Secretary, the Advocate- General, and the Colo nial Treasurer, with whom they would have to unite to make tiiat Ministry compact. Nay, more ; tliey would be nominated to seats in one or other of the Houses of Parliament ; but, in the event of such a remote contingency arising, their number could never exceed an eighteenth or a twentieth part of the two Houses ; and their duration of office, and consequent right to seats, could be snapped short any day, at the will of a majority of the elective members ; inasmuch as a vote of a want of confidence in Ministers would terminate the official existence of the whole compact body, and might even meet these parties, if they should be thought obnoxious 011 ; the very threshold of the House. And yet this is roared out against by that immaculate glass ; of politicians who last session bawled at the top I of their breaths against, all compromises, and j have this session, unblushingly, and openenly entered into one, as "Nomineeism in its most " odious form, introduced in its most insidious "phase!" What a pity that such a political napkin should have been put into their hands, with which to wipe their mouths, when called upon at the next election to explain how they come to violate their pledges given on the hust ings of " No Compromise !"' Wc should be ashamed, as we suppose hon. Members on the other side of the House wore, to have to contrast Mr Baker's harmless pro posal, either with Nomineeism in the earlier times of the colony, or with Nomineeism as it even now exists in the Legislative Council ; but wc must not let this question of ab intra eel ab extra—shall we take the Ministry, wholly and exclusively, from within the House ? —or shall we not, under pressing emergencies, go without the House, and make choice of some of its materials there ?—if we can thus be served the better—be so summarily disposed of, as some hon. members would imagine. Why Jeremy Bentham—and be was no' chicken— pronounced this upon the house-tops, as one of the soundest doctrines of political expediency : upwards of thirty years ago ! From liira, this : doctrine was caught up ; and has been running : the round of all the political circles of eminence ; in Europe, from that day to this ; in fact, the | ht right- man in the right place," which is now in ; everybody's mouth, and which is effecting such ! wonders at home, is generally believed to be no | thing more than a parady upon it ; at all events, i that is the best account we have ever yet heard of the origin of that "modern saw.'' When one or more gentlemen then—the Advocate-General and Registrar-General, to wit— get up, and tell us, what is patent to all well-informed persons, that there is a growing feeling for the adoption of some such scheme as this in the British House of Commons, among the most eminent J statesman of the day, is it sufficient for one or ! two other gentlemen to stand up, and say in j reply, " All very well, but it is only to get I " better blood—higher mettle—aristocratic and j " party inflnenoe—gentlemen with long tails to j " draw after them—and' thus throw weight into I " the Ministerial scale ?" We opine not. It is ; a petitio -principii—a mere begging of the ques I tion—and not deciding it on its own merits. | # | And yet this, and the taunting hullabaloo about " Nomineeism in its most odious form and in its " most insidious phase," wa3 the utmost that was attempted in reply to a proposal, so forcibly put, so respectfully worded, so historically true, and kept, as we must say, within such discreet bounds ! It really was hardly worth while hazarding so much to obtain so little. We are no followers of Mr John Baker. Everybody knows that. In fact, we are the fol lowers of no party in the House. But we con sider his proposal infinitely preferable to that of the Advoonte- General, as embodied iu the Bill ; and we, therefore, feel it our bounden duty to give utterance to these our honest convictions ; and j the more so, when we find factious partizanship seeking to gather a political stock in trade out of what we think might have turned to profitable account; or which ought, at least, to have been faivly discussed, and impartially weighed, before any attempt was made to deal with it as a mere party question. If the cib intra principle was insufficient—or even prospectively and doubtfully so—why not try the ah extra principle ? If there is even a chance—the shadow, the ghost of a chance —of not finding within the House the materials for a strong and effective Ministry, why not go without- it, and see what can be done there ? Have these gentlemen come so suddenly to the conclusion, that, when the new Parliament is called together, that august body will be universally recognised as the collective wisdom " of the colony ? If so, we fear they will find out their mistake. However, we have already said enough on a matter that is now politically shelved. We could have wished it, either a more full and frank discussion, or a better fate. As yet the Advocate-»General's proposal for marching Ministers, like so many puppets, from one House to the other, in case of emergencies, remains un disposed of, but this, however well-meant, or wisely-conceived, must certainly be rejected. On the general question of Responsible Go vernment," with which the debate was filled, we have nothing to say to-day. But we shall have both more leisure and more space, when the House rises for the recess, to go into that subject at length, if we do not overtake it before. It is sincerely to be desired and hoped for, that, before ?he Bill is finally disposed of, some precautionary steps will be taken towards allowing the old Constitution to glide smoothly into the New one, without any of the folly and chicanery so recently witnessed in Victoria. 