AIRIVAL OF'rTHE BISHOP OP \- SYDNEY. (From the Sydney Herald.) ,:' It being known! that the' Bishop of Sydney, who. had" arrived' in Ialbutrrne' by the ship Mermaid; from Liverpool, ;vould proceed to Sydney 1byh. lio t steamer Telegirph,' prepara tions were made for his reception. An,[ad drese .of: welcome, had .been prepared, and was signed by the' clergy in . and about ,Sydney, and by the most influential members of the laity, ttot theinumber of 1334. Similar addresses are laying for signature in the country.parishes, to which a largoe num ber of nams' will doubtless be appended. The TelegralIh arrived: early yesterday morning, it -was arranged that the Sydney address should be' presecten to his lordship in the schoolroom of St. Andrew's cathedral, at half-past 2 p.m.. Accordingly at that: hour a numerous, body of the'clergy, and 'a large number of the most in fluential laynmembers of the Church of England aiseinbled.td receive his Lordship, who was in trodaced to the assemblage by the Venerable Archdeicoi 'of Cumberland (Dr Cowper.) His Lordship is of lofty stature,.bat easy and grace ful.in,hisl movements, and with a pleasing and interesting cast of. features. l His voice is deep, melodious,: and. finely modulated, calculated efficiently to aid in fixing the attention to' the matter of any subject' he may discourse upon.. . As the Bishop entered, the whole assembly,. comprising a considerable number of ladies, rose and received him standing. The Venerable Archdeacon. then said: On. this interesting, important, and I trust edifying. occasion, it is night before we .proceed to the object of our meeting that we should addrless ourselves in prayer to Almighty God, and I will therefore call upon the minister of St. Andrew's to read some of the collects of our Church. The Rev. George King then read the collect from' the Communion Service: "Prevent us, Oh Lord, in all our doings, &e.;"-the second collect at evening prayer,-the second collect for Good' Friday, the collect for the Sunday safter Ascension Day, and: the collect for Saint Simon and Saint Jude, .and the Lord's Prayer. TheVenerable Archdeacon then said-An address has been prepared to' be. presented ' on this interesting occasion,.to assure your lordship of the willinimess and readiness of the clergy and laitylof .this- diocese to assist in the great and, important work which has brought you hither., That address I' will' now proceed to read . " To the Right Reverend Frederic, by Divine per mission, Bishop. of Sydney and Mletropolitan. " Ma it please your Lordshlip, We the under cigned Archdeacon, clergy, and laity of the diocese of Sydney, beg leave most earnestly and respectfully to congratulate your Lordship on your arrival.' ".The long period which has elapsed since the decease of our late reverend Metropolitan, ,Bishop Broughton, has brought vividly before the Church the evils which rire from the want 'of' the Episcopate, and has caused us to look forwurd with much anxiety for your presence amongst us. !`It a~uld be unbecoming in us to do more than express ir appreciation of the gratifying testimony which has been given to the worth of. your minis terial character and labours by those who had long continued opportunities of observing them. We have, therefore, only to assure your Lordship that it.will be our constant desire to co-operate with you, each of us according to our ability, in our several stations, in the many important works that will devolve upon you in the discharge of the duties of that higher office to which, in the provi dence of God. you have been called.. We earnestly pray that, by the Divine blessing upon your endeavours, you may be the honoured instrument of furthering the Gospel of Christ by drawing the hearts of His people together into godly union and concord, to die edifying of His Churcliin faith and charity, and to the increase of pure religion, and undefiled, in all parts of this extensive pro vince." The Bishop having desired the clergy, who had remained standing during tt reading of the address, to be seated, returned thanks as follows : " iMr Archdeacon, my Brethren of the Clergy, and of the Laity,-I thank you most cordially and sincerely for the very kind manner in which you have met and welcomed me upon my arrival amongst you. S'lthe pecurliar circumstances of this Diocese make me deeply anxious that I should be sus tained in the administration of its affairs, by the prayers and united efforts of the members of our beloved Church, and I trust that lie au?o has called me forth to this work, and has guided my steps in safety hither, will be with us to bless us, and to make its a blessing. I can truly say that as I came simply because I am sent, so mny only desire is to promote the glory of God in the further ance of the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, "' The evils of which you speak, as arising from the long vacancy of the See, since the death of tmy excellent and revered predecessor, I shall, under the divine blessing, endeavor to remove ; but I feel that I have much need to cast myself upon your kindness, your sympathy, and above all, }yuo prayers, that the spirtt of wisdom, of love, and of a sound mind, may be given to me. " I am thankful to feel that I do not come amongst you as an entire stranger. Vl th one of the clergy of thi dioUcse I ha? a the gratificatlon of foaning a riendshii subsequently to-my apoint ment ;-and-in a city connected with-that- great commercial emporium in which I labored for many years, there will probably be some who have known my ministry and manner of life. I pray oGod that the anticipations you have formed con cernmng me may not be disappointed, and that I mdy be found by experience to be such as your desires and expectations have imagined that I might be-a promoter of godly union and concord -a preacher of the WVord in truth and righteous ness. and an ensample of the flock of God. " I thank you much, my Brethren of the Laity, for uniting with the clergy, in th-a grateful as surance of your co-operation with me in the work which is before me. Humanty speaking, the success of my mission depends upon this union of feeling and assistance. iMuch needs to be done. and if.with one heart and one mind we are found striving together for the faith of the Gospel, under the Divine blessing, much will be done. If each member of our Cthurch, in his vocation and ministry, does in the words of the collect read to us, truly and godly serve our Heavenly Master, we cannot fail to bring down a large blessing upon this most interesting and important portion of the world. "I take this opportunity of expressing my obli gations to the Venerable Archdeancon for his kind ness in discharging the duties of the Bishop's Commissary, onerous as they must have been, when added to his own. "I am not at present in a position to make arrangements for seeing such of my brethren of the clergy aslesire to consult me; I hope speedily to be able to give to all of you the opportunity of speaking with me, and shall thankfully receive the suggestions which the long experience of some mnongst you will enable you to make. "In conclusion, I pray that as my arrival is nearly coincident with our Church's celebration of the descent of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pente cost, it inay please the Great Head of the Church to quicken our prayers for the influence of the Holy Spirit, and to answer them by an abundant outpouring of his manifold gifts of gracce that to pastors and people the choice blessings of an in crease of faith, hope, and charity may be richly vouchsafed." Tine clergy present were then severally intro duced'by thie Venerable Archdeacon to their new diocesan, and many of the laity were also presented. The AnCiDEoAcoN then called upon tile Rev. George King to prononce the acknowledgment of the Trinity, 2nd Cot. 13th ch., after which the meeting broke up. 