LOSSES.' . . ' . By Fiiaxoes Bhownc. Upon llio irlmo sea Mud ..: There sal n pilgrim-band, - Telling die losses Hint their fives lisd known, ' Wliilo cveuing iraned nwny . . \- ' From' breezy clifl' nnd bay, r . f Aud the strong tides went out with weary moatii - One spnkc, witb qiiivoriug hp, Of n fair-freighted Bliip -- .- . . . AVitli nil liis household- to tho deep gone down; " But one hnd wilder woo For n fair fnco long ngo ; Lost in the darker depths of a groat town- - - : There wero who mourned thoir youtli - . AVilli n most loving rnth, For its brave hopes nnd memories cvor green ; : And one upon the West ; . Turned nn eye thnt would not rest - - . For' fnr-off hills whorcou ils joys hnd been.- - - -i-' Some talked of vanished gold, . . i , Sotno of prond;honours told, . Some spake- of friouds fhat wore their, trust no 1 And one of n green ; grave, Beside n foreign wave, ; ) , ..... i'hnt made' him sit so lonely on the shore. But wlicri their tales wore done, There spnkc among thoin one, A stranger seeming from nil sorrow froo, — " Sail losses liavo j-o mot, ' " But mine are heavier yet, - " For n hofieviug.lieiu-t hath gone from me." " Alns I" these pilgrims said, . " For the living and tho dead, " For fortune's cruelty, for loyo's sure cross, " For tlie wrecks of land nnd sea 1 " But however it came to iheo, " Thine, stranger, is life's Inst and heaviest loss." —Alhenaim. ; ' -. r, PEnov Bvssiie Shelley.— Shelley, indeed, wns a good and noble creature. His 'delight was ; to do ' good — to comfort nnd assist llio poor. I-Iis zeal for trail), nnd for the good4 of mankind led him, , iu hi» indignntion iigninsl thciii that .oppressed them and - imposed upon Ilium, to leap ton fur in his attack on tliose cncmios, and to pass the horders which ilivicjo".. truth from error. For liis conscientious opinion -ho' snoriOcctl case, honour, llio world's esteem, fortune , nnd friendship. Never was thcro so generous n friend — so' truly and purely poetical, ft nature, " Others are poets in their books nud closets ; tho poet's sotil.in him.wns tlio spirit of nil hours nnd on nil occasions. 1-Ie was born in Field Place, in Sussex, on the 4th of August, 1702. lie wus tlio. - eldest son of Sir Timothy Shelley, Burt., of Castle Goring, in tlmt county, and liis son, Percy Flo'reiico Shelley, now bcura the family title. His . family connexions belonged to-tlic Wiiig aristocracy ol tho":; House of Commons. Ho was brought, hp' for the ; first seven or eight years iu tlie retirement of: field Place, with his sisters, receiving tlio same- education ns tlicy, and lteneo it is slated lie never- showed the least tasto for tho sports and nniuse-.' mcnts of boys. At tlio ago of 13 lie was nt Eton , ' where lie roso up stoutly in opposition 'to tlio system , of fagging. He organised tl conspiracy ' ngaiust it, nnd, for n time, compelled it to --'pause.' " While thus resisting sohool tyranny, lie was reading deeply of Gorman romances and pootry : nnd to Burger's " Leonora," and tho ghost stories and le- gciids of tlie Black Forest, lias been traced his fondness for tlie romantic, tlio marvellous, 'and tlie mystic. From Eton ho wont tb Oxford, nnd thei contests into which lie soon foil with tho -Principal! of University College, on theological and inctnpliy-. steal questions, quickly, led otl his expulsion. No, oircmustnnoe in history lias made so mnch lioise as.- this: on it turned tlio whole clinraotcr of his des- - - tiny, lie was expelled on n citnrgo of Atheism; ' The very next year saw him sit down and - write -Li " Queen Mnb." The notions .of this xmrtion of his lifo nro the least defensible of any portion of it. : 14e seemed restless; unlinppy, and put into a mora " antagonistic temperament by his pttbiie expulsion. '" from college, which ho felt moro deeply than was.- natural to him, or |cotili havo arisen had lie been. ' treated differently. At this period he made his.' first unfortunate marriage with d young woman off;. Imntblo stnliou, ns it proved, of very uncongenial! mind. They separated, nud, , in her distress, she . sometime aftorwnrds drowned herself. V ' . THE ATTEMPTED PARRICIDE AT BATH. — Thomas Tutton, who is suspected of having administered re peated doses of arsenic to his father, Mr. Charles Tutton, an auctioneer, and a member of the Bath town council, has been examined upon the charge- of attempted murder. The prisoner, who is about twenty-four years, of age, is well known in Bath for his very "fast" habits, and on being placed at the bar he manifested no concern for his position,, but appeared to trea the proceedings with the greatest coolness. He took copious notes of the evidence. Sarah Warner, the servant of Mr. Tutton, senior, detailed at great length the facts of the case as they have already been reported. A solicitor, Mr. Wil son, had been retained by the prisoner's friends, but he declined his services, and proceeded to cross examine the witness at great length. Mr. Charles A. Harris, the surgeon who attended Mr. Tutton, was next examined, and proved that the illness of his patient had been occasioned by arsenic. James Ryan, a detective officer of the Dublin police, de posed : Between four and five o'clock on Wednes day, the 5th instant, the prisoner came to the detec tive office, Lower Castle-yard, Dublin. I was not present at the time, but was sent for, and a news paper was handed to me by Mr. Superintendent O'Neil, containing some particulars of an attempt to poison Mr. Charles Tutton, and of the absonce of his son. After I had read a few words, the prisoner- said, " I am the person who is referred to in that. I will write a letter to the " Times" newspaper this morning denying the whole facts of the case." ' 1 then obtained the " Police Gazette," and found his description in it. I asked, "Is your name- Tut ton ?" and he replied "Yes: Thomas." I told- him he was described under the head of " Wilful Mur der," and he then asked me if his father was dead. I said, " I believe not." " Oh, well," he said, "when I get the other side, I'll make all that right." I then searched him and found on him one half penny and two keys, and a portion of a letter which he said was a copy of the one he had sent to the "Times." I telegraphed to the chief officer of the police at Bath, and received an answer to bring him over. Onboard the boat,on the way over from Kingstown to Holyhead, the prisoner said "Shall I not be heard belofre the magistrates when the case ??????????? AIn. Nicholson, organ builder of Alacolos- _ field, has met a singular death. Ho was in the aot of " voicing' or " sounding" a pipe, and applied his ear to it, when from some causo or other a splinter flew out, entorcd his ear, and gradually peuotratcd to tho brain ; after threo weeks, illnoss he expired, suli'oriug great agony. 