S Y J) N E V. The new Bishop of Sydney arrived on the 20th May, and was waited on hy flic clergy and a number of gentlemen, who prescntodjhim with an address, to which liis Lordship made the following reply :— Mr. Archdeacon, my Brethren of the Ucrgy and of the Laity—I thank you most cordially and sincerely for the very khid manner in when you have met and welcomed me upon my arrival amongst you. Ihe peculiar circumstances of tliis diocese make me deeply anxious that I should be susiaineU in the administration of its affairs by the prayers rod united efforts of the members of ov.r beloved church ; and I trust that 11c who has called me forth to this work and has guided my steps in safety hilher, w.ll hew, thus to bless us, and to make us a blessing. I can truly nay that as 1 come simply because I am sent, so iny only desu-e is to promote the glory of God in the f urtherance of the Gospel of our Lord and bav.our Jesus Christ. the evils ot which you speak as arising torn the long vacancy of the bee since the death ol my excellent and revered predecessor, I shall, under the Divuie blessing, cndenvour to remove j but I feel that I have much need to cast myself upon your kindncss, your sympathy, and above all, your prayers—that the spirit of wisdom, of love, , and of a sound mmd, may be given to me. j 1 am thankful to feel that I do not come amongst you as on entire stranger, With j one of the clergy of this diocese I liad the gratification ol tornung a friendship subsequently to my appointment ; and, in a city connected with tliat great commercial emporium in which 1 laboured for many years, there wilPprobably be some who have known my ministry and manner of life. I pray God that the anticipatious you have formed concerning me may not be disappointed, and that I may be found by cxperiencc, to be such as your desires and expectations have imagined that I might bo—a promoter of godly union and concord—a preacher of tlie Word in truth and righteousness—and an cnsamplc of tlie flock oi' God. ' I thank you much, my brethren of the laity,!for uniting with the clergy in tlie grateful assurance of your co-opcration with me in the Work wliicli is before mo. Humanly speaking, the success of my mission depends upon this union of feeling and assistance. Much needs to bo done, and if, w.'th one heart and one mind we arc found striviAg together for the faith of tlie Gospel, much) under the Divine blessing, will be done. If each member of our Church, in his vocation and ministry,-does truly and godlv serve our heavenly Master, wo cannot tail to bring down a huge blessing upon this most ihtorrestwg and important portion of the world. I take this opportunity of expressing my obligations to the Venerable Archdeacon, for his kindness in discharging the duties o the Bishop's Commissary, onerous as the; must have been when added to his own. I am not at present in a position to maki arrangements for seeing such of my brethren ofthe clergy as desire to consult me ; I hope, speedily, to be able to give to all o you the opportunity of speaking with uie, and shall thankluliy receive the suggestions which the long experience of some amongst you will enable you to make. In conclusion, I pray, that as my nrrival is nearly coincident with our Church's celebration ofthe descent of the Holy Ghost on the day of Penticost, it may please the Great Head of the Church to quicken our prayers for the influences of the Holy Spirit and to answer them by an abundant outpouring of Ilis manifold gifts of Grace—that to pastors and people, the choice blessings of an increase of faith,hope, and charity,may. be richly vouchsafed. The Herald says •— The' personnel' of the new Bishop differs very materially from that of his deceased predecessor. Dr. Barker is apparently upwards of six feet in height, proportionately made, with an open benevolent expression of countenance, and dark brown liair. Judging from appeai-aucc, he is about forty-four or forty- five years of age, and has a clear, wellmodulated v«ice, aud a calm, collected manner of delivery. Tun PATRIOTIC FUND.—At a committee meeting held at Mrs. Whitton's on Wednesday, it was decidcd that n circular should be addressed by the honorary secretai-y to all the gentlemen -whose names had been placed on the committee, requesting them to furnish their lists if they have collected any subscriptions, or if not, to say so iu plain set terms. We regret to say tliat notwithstanding the enthusiasm which manifested itself so generally at the period of tho meeting, the committee with a few honor- able exceptions, have displnyc-d the most culpable iudifference to the movement, the burden of which lias fallen upon a few shoulders. Why gentlemen who liave never attended the meetings nor taken any active interest in the cause should allow their names to appear time after time in print is one of those problems in the pliilosophv of morals which we camiot understand, and wc should feel highly gratified if any one of them would enlighten us upon tlie point. The amount of subscriptions up to tlie present period is £115G Is. fid. ; but Ave are informed that several lists ha.ve not yet reached the committee.— " Bathurst Free Press." COITEU mow OPHIH.—A specimen of regulus, smelted at the Onliir mine uiider tlie superintendence of Mr. Morgan, reached this oflice a few days ago, which, wc are informed, contains upwards of 60 per cent, of copper. After numerous difficulties, all of which have been happily surmounted, the smelting works are in full operation, and two tons of metal from tlie mine are hourly ex- pected in Bathurst.— Ibid. GINTMAN IMMIGRANTS.—Bathurst lias been enlivened (lining the past week by the presence of a body of Germans, consisting of seven males and four females, who were hired in their fatherland for tlie service of Mr. Christie, who has stations on the Macquarie. In the evening the males occasionally perambulate the streets, and treat the inhabitants to a taste of their country's music, which they emphasize with much more vigor than delicacy. For 6omc cause or.other they refuse to proceed further, but as with one solitary exception they are utterly ignorant of our language, and he only a smattcrcr, little can be gathered from them as to the facts of the case. One thing, however, is known, that they have been ndvised by one of their countrymen, wlio is at present a sojourner in Bathurst, tliat their agreements arc invalid, and tliat they need not therefore enter upon their service ; and although their passage money ami expenses have been paid by their employer, they appear selfish enough to avail themselves of a liaw ill their contract, if any exist. A few instances of dishonesty will cure the cololiists of then- hankering after this." desirable class" of immigrants, and leave them to starve in their own povcrtv-sLricken and despot-ridden country. We trust, however, . that when the matter comes to be investigated they will be taught that they rest untier a legal responsibility wliicli cannot be sliirkcd.—Ibid. 