MR. LAYARD. (To the Editor of the Times,) SIR, — My attention has been called to an article in the Morning Herald of to- day. The whole is, a tissue of falsehoods, but there are only, three which I think it necessary to refute. 1\. It is stated, that I went to the Crimea as your "recognised agent." You are well aware that such a statement is utterly untrue, and that I had no connection whatever with your journal. 2\. It is asserted, that I "enjoyed the hos- pitality of Admiral Dundas." I was never on board the gallant admiral's ship, nor have I the slightest personal acquaintance with him. 3\. It is stated, that I "refused to apologise to Admiral Dundas while he was abroad, and did so at once on his return to England." I never did apologise to Admiral Dundas. The explanation I ultimately made of a letter written by me I had offered to make when the subject was first brought to my notice — an explanation which consisted in drawing a dis- tinction between his private and public cha- racter. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, A. H. LAYARD. 9, Little Ryder street, May 3. POWER OF LOVELY WOMEN. — How little do lovely women know what awful beings they are in the eyes of inexperienced youth! Young men brought up in the fashionable circles of our cities will smile at this. Accustomed to mingle incessantly in female society, and to have the romance of the heart deadened by a thousand frivolous flirtations, women are nothing but women in their eyes; but to a susceptible youth like myself, brought up in the country, they are perfect divinities. — Washington Irving. GHOSTS. — "Ghosts," says Thomas Hood, "no such thing in nature — all laid long ago, before the wood pavement. What should they come for? The colliers may rise for higher wages, and the chartists may rise for reform, and the abstainers may rise for their health, and the rising generation may rise, — but that the dead should rise only to make one's hair rise is more than I can credit. Suppose yourself a ghost. Well, if you come out of your grave to serve a friend, how are you to help him? And if its an enemy, what's the use of appear- ing to him, if you can't pitch into him?" 