MEETING OF THE FEIENDS OP ME. HUMFFRAY. Pursuant to public advertisement, there was j a meeting of thc friends of Mr Humffray at the i Star Hotel, Main Hoad, last night, to hear that gentleman's declaration of opinions and policy. The weather was exceedingly unpropitious, but in spite of thc rain and inundated road, there were from 200 to 300 persons assembled. On the platform we observed Messrs. Syce, Oliver, Bobinson, McNiece, Clark, Chidlow, Harris, McLean, and other gentlemen favorable to the election of Mr Humffray. Upon the motion of Mr Chidlow, seconded by Mr W. B. Robinson, Mr James five« was \ voted to tlxe chair, by acclamation. When thc cheering had subsided, tile Chairman rose and introduced the business of thc evening. He said that they all knew the purport of the meeting, namely, to test the question as to who was the proper person to represent the district of North Grant. He had known Mr Humffray first on the Canadian, and he was well known to the diggers ou Ballarat, for whom he had at all times done his best, while not unmindful of the general interests of the community. He had some enemies, but they were a miserable minority-the large majority being his staunch approvers. At the establishment of the Local Court, and through all thc trying circumstances through which the diggers had gone, Mr Hum ffray had been always ready to assist, by his advice, without fee or reward. A good many had been talked of as candidates for this district, but he did not know upon what ground they came forward;-as to Mr Loader, he expected that gentleman would, as he had asked, get some advice there that evening. The friends o! Mr Humffray had calculated upon opposition, but they bad prepared, and were not afraid of the result, without reference to bis (Mi Humffray's) merits, he believed he must go in as their member. He would, without furthei delay, call upon Mr Humffray to address th« meeting. Mr Humffray then rose to address the meet ing, and was received with great cheering. Mr Humffray said-Mr Chairman and Elco tors of North Grant.-Some months ago, for th first time in this part of the world, you had ai opportunity of sending au individual to repre sent your interests in the Legislature of th colony. On that occasion yon honored me witi thu high and responsible commission, and it i with no small satisfaction that I now appea before you to give an account of my stewardshij and having done so I shall await with confidenc your verdict. (Cheers.) My legislative careel although a short one, has been somewhat severe! and anmendlüy handled. It is therefore form this evening to deal with this monster indict ment, with its some eight or ten counts, and an number of inuendoes, which has been pref erre against me. When, however, you have hear my defence, I think you will have very litt] disposition to endorse the charges brougl against me in this document to which X rofe: I think I shall be able to prop that those circumstances which in the article t which I allude arc stated as facts are what say they are-falsehoods. If the parties wi have made these charges against me are as tnt profess to be the exponents of public opinion c Ballarat, I think that by the course they hai pursued they have given me the opportunity < rebutting charges that are not only false, bi which are equally malignant. I allude to a tides that have appeared in tile Star newspape The first thing I am accused of is having a] propriated to myself too much credit for wh Í have done in the l egislative Council, ¡ stated by me at a complimentary dinner giv< to me at the George Hotel some months ag I am ready to state without fear conta diction the same things that I said that nigl I «tote without qualification that I nov reos ^^^^^^^^^^ mi Wvot, ipmliemoi ^J^, Whatever the government intended doing, mey did n^t aonounce that iubjpfipa ^J^Ä led tfoär attention to it 1^'«*^! mucnfor myself wheal tafce^/^íiavmg remindedthe govenmwntc* certam things that ,mndeamemimta I entered fee C^w«l nh tte and on the 13%fgiTO the Chief Secretary the following questions - (Mr Humffray here read from a copy of the proceedings of the Legislative Council shew- ing that on the 13th of December he had given notice of asking the government respecting the Action ofT^tu^8Hou^ st Btot, ^ establishment of a Circuit Court; the estab- lishment of Municipal Institutions; and the formation of an electric telegraph between Geelong and Ballarat) I chal- lenge any one to prove that the Govern- ment were disposed to pay any at- tention to the matters before I asked these questions. Among the things I pressed on the attention of the Government was the establish- ment of a Municipality, a gaol, a new court- house, a Circuit court, an alteration in the Post-office, the subject of a hospital, and £10,000 which was obtained for the repair of the Main-road. I am accused in the Star of doing these things for the benefit of a sec- tion of the people the Main-road. I appeal to any honest mind whether the establishment of a Municipality contributed only to the bene fit of the people of tiie Main-road ? pether the erection of a new court house instead of the present stifling den would have been for the benefit of the people of the Flat alone, or the Establishment of a Hospital ? Was the^esta blishment of a Circuit Court for the be nefit of the people of the Flat that 1 wish to have a Circuit Court at Balla rat? It has often happened that owing to the expense of taking witnesses to Gee long, persons accused of some trumpery offence, or serious crime, have been unable to provide the necessary witnesses to prove their innocence, and have, in consequence, been sent upon the roads. I also asked far an increase m the salary of tile post master, at Ballarat, and foran increase of Ms staff. You probably have all felt the unpleasantness of waiting for hours at the post office for letters. My motion referred not only to the ¡post office at Ballarat, butto other post offices in tiie colony. (Mr Humffray here read a motion made by hun in the House, for certain returns with regard to the post offices in the colony.) The post master at Ballarat had an insufficient staff, and avery small salary, but that salary was increased from £300 per annum to £450 ; the staff was increased, and likewise the salary of each assistant Iaskyou whether the increased accommodation in the post office department was exclusively for th« benefit of the people of the Flat I ask whether an electric telegraph would be for the especial benefit of the Flat? I ask you whether the £3,000 obtained for the hospital was especially for the benefit of the Flat? I now come to something that is nearer to beneficing the people of the Flat than these matters alluded to ; I mean £10,000 for the repair of the Main road as far as the "Victoria Hotel. I believe that the inhabitants of the Township find it convenient to visit the Flat, and seem it agree able to have a good road as well as the people on the Flat. I do not therefore see, that the repair of [the Main-road was for the benefit ol the people of the Flat alone ? I ask yon whe ther all these matters I have referred to havt been for the especial benefit of the people ol the Flat? (Cries of no, no.) One mattel might have especial reference to the people o; the Flat, I mean the sale of the Main-roat frontages. I believe that the interests of Bal' larat are all identical. What contributes w the benefit of the Flat also contributes to tin Township. Up to the present tune gold ha been produced on the Flat and very little oa th Township. Thc»gold is produced by digj^tro production of the gold. So much gentiemei for my extraordinary zeal to benefit fite peopl of the Flat. But X am accused of inconsia tency in seeking compensation for a busines whilst I deny oomdensation to the squatter How far, however, are the cases parallel ? Th squatter has twenty square miles, at a rent £ £10 a-ycar, with a pre-emptive right to 6* acres. Independently of tins, he is entitled ti compensation for any land that may be take from him, having substantial buüdings upon il In many instances he gets the 640 acres sui veyedat another part of his station, and puts a enormous value on the other part, so that n one is likely to buy it, and thus gets tiro prc emptive rights. The Surveyor- General propose £8 a foot for the upset price, when the front ages should be sold. (A voice-"The Surveyoi General cannot sell the frontages.") I snppos he will not ask your permission. It was prc posed that compensation should be given for th buildings on the Main Road. I did add a prc position, and I am prepared to defend it, t prevent a man's business place being bougt over his head by a speculator. I do not den' that I did, and I am prepared to defend it. consider that all along the Main Bead thc bus: ness was worth more than the mere building In most instances, the valuation that was mac some time ago, having reference to the building was not mere than one-fourth of the cost < the buildings. This compensation for the bus ness was not sought from the government ] was only proposed on account of the monie speculator, who said, « I do not care for tt trumpery building, but it is the business that can carry on on the ground." This compensi tkra was not to be taken from thc public as tl public, or from the government, but simpl that the speculator should not drive the pw man out of his house. The people on the Mai Boad were prepared to give £1 a foot, or £66 au acre, which was £660 more than ti squatter. A fictitious price had been put upc the buildings ; what they are worth, is the b\ siness carried on in them which we have create and such, as a property, belongs to us by righ I have also been honored by a notice in tl Argus from the Ballarat correspondent, bi when I tell you that he says three men cann walk abreast down the Main Boad, and in h communication designates the buildings on tl Main Boad mere stalls, I do not thu that you will be willing to receive his comm' nications with much disposition to respect thei Having now dismissed local matters, I will gi a short account of my stewardship as regar other matters. I have attempted to carry o a matter calculated to confer more benefit i the mining community than anything attempt by myself or any one else in the Council. I w read from the proceedings of the Council-" j Humffray moved, pursuant to aa amend notice, ??* That this Council resolve itself into committee of the whole for the purpose of co sideling the propriety of presenting an addn to his Excellency the Governor, praying ft his Excellency wal be pleased to place a libra sum on the estimates for 1856 to the folio«! purposes-the employment of gentlemen of t necessary practical scientific attainments make mineralogical and topographical surve more particularly of the lands on and about t gold-fields of the colony. To 8sc*rtain by off< mg premiums, or by experiment, the b. mode of extracting the gold from its mattie the most efficient machinery for washing g< from tiie alluvial deposits, and also to ma suggestions as to the most profitable way working auriferous lands, and to advise ger rally, that a report of such investigations published monthly in the public journals, wi the object of dinusing information to the mini community." A committee were appoint with reference to that subject, who prepared report; that report bas now been printed, a will be ready in a few days for circulation. Ï sum of £1,000 has been placed by me on 1 estimates to cany out this desirable object Mineral Board has been appointed, co asistí of professor McCoy, Mr Selwyn, mineralogi surveyor,, Mr Panton, the Beadent "Warden Bendigo, and Mr Benson: and Mr Jacob Brae! a civil engineer, was appointed to act as sea tory. I now come to another charge with ; ference to the renowned Captain Vignoles, a tiie ghost case. It appears that on die 12th January I put a notice on tue Council to i that fee ttl 'm:mm stealing, Vfam«¿* as ti» Thora/pas. dead, sad it waslflo twing fl» notice fe a» toe o,nesaoa on t*he l&th;, «ad i 4id*sk the ooestion, andl«eewedaa answer xrwa the jtttoisey-6«M*fli «ad I "beg to refer to jfl» afcg» 3^ninstant> ^«omibwaiiwi of what I say. Tneanswer I recewed from tba Attorney-General was, that np io tot time teliaaireceiTea.no offioal «p»*»", -The flues rion was to te tenewed Vm flmiSth, but mine rneantimel received a certain communication from Bailarat, whichetated fl^a^ reMrter mustMvejnîsùnoerBtood ito , .intent-of the ex pían ftom Capt Vïguole^to the reason why he disroissed. I accordingly thought it my duty to make amends in the same place to Capt Vignoles where I had been misted sod induced to wrong bim. ; Iconsider that, what ever my views of Capt Vignoles as a magi strate, 1 had no right to deal towards nun in a different manner to any one else. I am accused for having withdrawn my notice of motion. I refer to the Argus of the 12th, 16th, and the 18th of January. This alleged withdrawal took place after the Attorney-General had given a reply ano jny notice of motion is said to have been with drawn two days after the case had been dismissed. Here is the charge-" It wUl be remembered that one time we deemed it our duty as public journalists to censure the conduct of our late and renowned .stipendiary magis trate. He was then in full feather, Ac. The article goes on to say-" Mr Humffray con sidered it necessary to give" notice of his inten tion to ask the government whether it had made inquiries, &c.; When the day of questioning arrived, Mr Humffray withdrew his notice." I distinctly state that this is a wilful falsehood. I justify using so strong a term from the tact that the party who wrote the article had a file of the Argus, to which he might have referred. He had no right to make such s charge as he had done, when be had it in his fewer to cor rect the mistake. The next charge brought against me-The article says,-" On the bust« higson the 10th of November, Mr Humffray in reference to the Gold Export Duty, stated that he had recommended that tax in prefer ence to to the former unconstitutional system of levying a license fee." He said that he had chosen the less of the two evils, and then added-" Now, however, unless the squatter is to pay a duty upon the wool he exports, it would be necessary to abolish the law compeling the digger to pay a tax on gold." I say so still. With regard to this subject Mr Grant had moved-"That in the opinion of this house the gold export duty was unjust, oppressive, and inexpedient and ought to be abolished." Mr Rae bai moved as an amendment " That this house ii of opinion that the gold export duty is exces sive and ought to be reduced." I supportée the amendment, and in so doing pursued ai honest course. I recollect the commission thal came up here to enquire into thc evil effects o enforcing a license on the diggers. It wa shown that many a digger was deprived of M means of getting bis living because he was toi poor to take out a license. As the exigences o: society required that taxation should be adopte* and as that taxation must in fact come from thi diggers, I look upon the gold export dat as the most equitable. I em sur that the intelligent mining communis are ready and willing to contribuí then that towards the funeral revenue. If Government is to be «asnfcd on and the peopl are to receive protection, and we are to hat police who must be paid, the money must I obtained by taxation. I would support tb gold export duty, although I would not sa that tile digger should be specially taxed. Ha the whole question of taxation come under di cossion I should have redeemed my pledge give on the hustings. But I am accused of bein absent when the question of the assessment c stock was under consideration. This require some explanation at my hands. It has bec said that, I stated that I would make St. Pa! rick's Hall ring with my voice against tl squatters. This remark might certainly be os made in the flush of excitement rather than ti , may yet have an opportunity of doing, if jr turned again to the Legislature. With regal to my absence when the subject of the asses ment on stock was brought on. This is a b that must be renewed annually. This bul hi been postponed day after day. It so happen! that on the day when it was fixed come on, two friends from Ballarat pres» me to go with them to Williamstown. I w unwell, and accompanied them. I was s aware that anything was coming on in tl house that required my attendance, and thong it no crime to be absent on one day. I nev was absent from the 4th of December until tl time when the Council closed, with thc exec tion of this one particuler day. One thing can claim with truth, that day after day I ha sat on the benches of the Council when I w more fit to be in bed. I attended fifty commi tees during the session. It is somewhat natured to rake up such charges against ni and not to notice anything favorable. The are some men who can only see spots in the su There are those who aie not disposed to give man credit for anything, and who only look i what reflects upon a person. The next char that is having supported a bul brought in 1 Mr Fellowes for the establishment of Inns Court. I ? differ in judgment from those wi have blamed me, and who are ignorant of t motives for supporting it. But it is not amati that interests you, and I shall therefore say ; more upon that subject. I aro next accus with rejecting the Attorney-General's bul wi regard to the gold-fields. It says, " He i not say because the bill was objectionable rejected it, but because the Attorney-Gene; rejected our report. ' Men, not measures, wi a vengeance indeed" " The bul proposed the Attorney-General proposed to alter t power of the Local Co arts. It co fained many blunders, and I tbei fore proposed ts postpone its considcrat'on ' six months, not as the writer of the arti very ungenerously insinuates, because 1 report of the select committee had not be adopted, of which committee I was a memb (Mr Humffray here at considerable length e tered into the defects of the bili proposed by i Attorney-General, and dwelt upon the mei . of the suggestions made by the commi tte The lateness of the hour and the length of 1 Humffray's speech prevent us from gojng ii ! details upon this part of it Mr KÜmffi proceeded to detail the insufficiency and cost ness of the present patent law, the necessity having a cheap means of registering - pate) especially with regard to machinery for 1 I gold-fields. The ignorance of the Attonu i General as to a bul passed in England after t I Exhibition, to meet difficulties similar tb* fbi which exist here, was alluded to by the speak Mr Humffray next alluded to the vari« I points in bis address, some of which ; amended at the instance of Punch, who v j a good master as he had observed This j eluded the review of the sale of public lan education Federal union, and the bene i accruing from it, the establishment of tt \ ways, telegraphic communication, S tate-Aid i religion, the Chinese question, &c.; Hr Hil ffray concluded by saying, I have been soi what tedious in travelling over various affai It is for you now to pronounce the ©pinj whether whilst I have bad the honorof repress ing you in the Council, I have done so hon« 1 and faithfully (cries of " Yes, yes.) I think may take it as a guarantee of '.' renewal of your confidence. The wi of my conduct for the last three years haslx before you. I have been exposed to ungen ons attacks, but I am bound to "say tittil any man can come forward and put his «¿j on one disgraceful act of nunesinoe I cainäji the colony. {Loud cheers.) IxawaS^k taken if the electors of North Grant OOM¿1 me m the position of being foremost at thöfc of the polk I am rather pleased than oft wise that there should be some oppoátu». think that an important district; like »o trtant should have the privuegerf than one candidate to choose ttpnL ^^ tear either of the honorable genflemeu llröt eome forward, or those who mat asmar, though I think that the nobhler«uigSreat the first has deceived bim. It is for j&e;^ tors of North Grant to undeceive ti^^iN 1 shall be now happy to ans wer any nutati that may be put to me, . - *"' T^â' iihârmm ^nog asked if any person bad any question to .pnt to Mr Hüniffray ; : j Mr Cooper asked «int Mr Hirmffray« qpj- ! mon« were respecting a' Yic^nanMintr Mr Hunrnray repned that he was in favor of tiie establishment of a mint, in which matter Sydney had Molen ti. march upon "us. It was an anomaly, that while we were exporting test' millions of gold we were destitute of a mmt, and with inproved nuning we should eaafly treble the amount» If WJE. put om- auriferous land at 20,000 square miles, it would be found that there: would be 2000 square miles of quarts reefs, which alone woald employ 100,000 minen for three years, while our allu vial deposits would take the same number of miners for 2,500 yeats to exhaust. ? There was not much ajarm for the prosperity of the gold- | fields of Victoria ; and looking at the question titus, it waa an anomaly that we had ns mint. Some parson then asked what his opinions were as to tiie Governor's salary ? Mr Hunurray thought it was far too high. He was, however of opinion that all good offi cers should be well paid. Another asked-" How about Hawkers' li censes ?" Mr Humffray thought that as storekeepers paid a license, and had great expenses, no hawker should be licensed unless he had pre mises also which were licensed. Another person asked " How about the rights of women ?" (Laughter,) To which Mr Humffray replied that one of her rights was undoubtedly to be loved by her husband. He would quote the eloquent language of Adam Clarke as expressing his sentiments on that question. That writer had j said-" Woman was taken fromnear the man's j heart, to show that .she was to be loved ; from ¡ under bis arm to show that she was to.be pro- j tee ted; beneath the head to show that she was to be governed; and above the feet to show that she was not to be trampled upon." As to her political rights, he considered they were strictly at home. He was then asked " How about retiring pensions?" He did not think the officials in Victoria had done anything to earn pensions. If an offi cial had served well for a number of .years he might be entitled. The present law was open to objection in the matter. His opinions as to what should entitle to pensions might be ga thered from a clause in a paper published in Melbourne, and to which he had appended his name. The clause was as follows: "Hy a reconstruction of the public depart ments, with a view to greater efficiency and economy, combining therewith a classifi cation of the"subordinate officers; whereby merit, capacity, and length of service shall be rewarded according to a fixed rule, with a view to the future distribution of public offices fairly among our mixed population, with a view to the permanent establishment of the English practice, which forbids the removal of a sub ordinate officer on political grounds.' ' He did not approve of the American plan of all the subordinate officers going «ut of office when the President retired. The next question was ** How about compulsory education?" This Mr Humffray considered was a very difficult question, and he would not answer idly. Our peace and prosperity depended very much upon theproper cultivation of our juvenile numbers. His struggle was to decide how far it was right to interfere, however, the balance of his opinion was in favor of compulsory educa tion, still he was rather averse to pronouncing positively upon the question ; in fact he had not come to a satisfactory conclusion: It was then asked-" How prevent the in flux of the Chinese in large numbers ?" He thought the capitation tax a good mea sure of it could have been enforced ; but for this federation was necessary. At present the law is a failure i and in the absence of a federal union he would support the plan proposed by the Argus, of putting the Chinese under beadsmen, and making the payment of the tax necessary to their adnusson to the gold fields. Mr Harris asked-" Whether Mr Humffray was in favor of a commission for bank super vision ?" He replied that he thought such a commission very essential. Foreign banks had some 5| millions of our money, while they had no capital of their own, save their notes, which could be ¡ manufactured at pleasure. In order to prevent such affairs happening here as that of Sadleir at borne, it was necessary to establish a commission or have an inspector. Indeed, we ought to have inspectors of every public department, who should make frequent reports. Mr Nichols requested explanation on the mining on private property question. I Mr Humffray regretted that the reporter had i got the report fron which he (Mr Humffray) had quoted, but hp thought that when the mi- : uer« had traced a lead to the boundary of pri vate property, notîee should bo gives to the owners, and if the owners would not come to ] terms, the matter should be carried to the Local Court, and an arrangement made which should be obligatory. As to compensation, there were many modes. He thought that there would bc little difficulty in ascertaining the amount of damage, and the miners would be willing to pay ample compen sation. Mr Winter had paid £1 per acre for bis land ; now, suppose he got £50 per acre, he would get a large compensation. The law upon this question should be settled as speedily as possible. Some one then asked Mr Hiunrfray's opinion as to the payment of members of the Legisla tive Houses. He replied that he had a good reason for not alluding to this question, as, if he had, it would be said he »waa seeking a good berth. If the property qualification were abolished, good men wouldbe found who would otherwise re main unknown. If a member did his duty honestly he had no easy task, and the laborer was worthy of his hire. He was then asked if it was consistent in a liberal government to tax anybody for coming here, as the Chinese, for instance. To this he replied that every country had the right to make such laws as were conducive to its own interest. The same querist asked how he looked upon j the policy of America in this matter. ] Mr HumfFray said he did not think that j America should be taken as a model for this j colony. Slavery existed in America, but should j we copy that? (Cheers.} The questioner proceeded to remark that it was mental slavery to tax the Chinese, or any other people coming hither, but he was put down by a storm of hisses. There being no other questions to propose The Chai nu an called upon Mr O'Connor, who moved the first resolution in a lengthy speech which our want of space compels us to omit, as also those of the several gentlemen who ad dressed the meeting after him. The resolution was as follows : " That this meeting, judging from the past connexion of J. B. Humffray, Esq. with the interests of the constituents of North Grant, both within and without the legislature, con sider that he has ever proved himself their true and sincere friend, that he has defended and promoted their interests, with the greatest in tegrity, zeal, and consistency, entitling him to ! their utmost support at the forthcoming election, and thereby reinstate him as their representa tive in tiie Kew Legislature." Mr W. B. Robinson seconded the resolution, and Mr Baker supported it in a speech of some length, which was wal! received, as also one from Mr Fraser ia support of the resolution. The resolution was thea pat and carried with acclamation. Mr Charles Dyte then proposed, Mr M'Lean se^-aded, and Mr Cathie supported tiie follow ing resolution: *" That tins meeting considers the electors of North Grant are the best .judges as to whom thcyahtfuld select as their representative, and need noi the assistance nf any hired or other political : seheemers in foisting strängen upon them.**- »: The resolution was then put to the meeting end çamedjnnanimrtnsly. Mr M'ÖowaU then proposed the following resolution :- j " That the following gentleman act as Com- 1 mittee to ensure the return of J. B. Humffray, Eeo.-,, tor North .Grant, with power to add to ! their numbers - The Members of tile Local Court; Messrs. Hobt Muir, P. Wayne, Spencer Wilson, B, B. Gibb, Hugh Bray, G. : B, Eraos, Stuart, firnith, Crisp & Co., KsanK, j ÎMSee, M«Dow*lL XÎ.1T: W.B. t^Oäm^^^^ämt.^z'Btiä^ Ï. A. bases, S. Samuels, E. Stel¿íeid,i^ A. Alexander, Clarke, M'Niece, jâ'f^êrty & Leake, Anderson, x^^fe 'ft ^opijee,ídunt gomery, Cbs. P; Fasseri^*^*1^T)».. : He considered it an honor to propose such a ; resolution,and he boped the comnuttee would be all ¡good workers. He had known Mr Hmnf&sy;, both ina private and m a pubhc capacity, and had always fbund him. where be was wanted, He had seen in Melbourne that although Mr Humffray might not. be rich ' ifët he moved respectably in the best circles. He had seen him in. the Legislative Council when the Gold Export duty was nuder OJUCUS sion, and although the debate ' seemed to excite but little attention, yet . when lltunfiray rose the attention of the was instantly awakened. A legal ian of high authority had told i that if the measure for the reduction of the export duty had been proposed by Mr Hamfiray, it would haveI been passed, it had been said that Mr Loader was coming up, but he had better go home again. Mr Black might bc a very good gentleman, bat he (Mr M'Dowall) did not know him ; and if that gentleman con tested the district he would find that his ac count at the bank would be no whiter. . Mr Humffray on the contrary had been tzied and warranted staunch j and if we did our duty he would be returned with a large majority. Mr Oliver seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. Mr Humffray then moved a rote of thanks to the professional ladies and gentlemen who had so kindly given him up the room for the even ing. Mr M'Crea had been at great expense in engaging the services of several distinguished professionals, and felt some diftculty in sparing the hall but the ladies and gentlemen referred to had kindly offered either to forego a portion of their salaries, or to give a benefit for Mr M'Crea's advantage, and he (Mr Humffray) thought they were entitled to a vote of thanks for suchgenerous conduct. Dr. Hobson seconded the resolution, which was carried with acclamation. The Chairman having vacated the chair, Mr O'Connor moved a vote of thanks to that gentleman for his able fulfilment of his duty as Chairman. His very appearance was the beau ideal of a Chairman. No matter how bad soever the humour they might have been in when they entered the room, his appearance would be sure to dis perse all such feelings. He bad moreover been at all times a staunch supporter of the interests of the miners, and he (Mr O'Connor) had great pleasure in proposing a vote of thanks. Mr Dyte seconded, and the meeting carried the resolution amid vociferous cheering. Mr Byee then rose and said Gentlemen-I beg to return you my best thanks for the very handsome manner in which you have proposed my health. (Tremendous cheers and laughter, with shouts of " Waiter, bring him a glass of brandy hot," and similar jovial remarks.) When this hilarious tumult had subsided, sud Mr Byee had expressed his thanks for the complimentary vote that had been passed, tines cheers were given for Mr Humffray, and the meeting then broke up. 