MELBOURNE. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) 11th January, 1856. Some new specimens, not of gold, but of magis terial decisions, have been received from Ballaarat, which have excited considerable interest in town, as exhibiting the sort of justice which is adminis tered to the miners in that district. In the olden time such things were not uncommon, for anything in the shape of a Justice was good enough for the diggings. Times are changed, and with that change the system must be altered. When Crowner's 'Quest law was administered on the gold fields, with impunity and without question, there was no local Press to record the decisions of those gentle men, and they in consequence passed unnoticed and unredressed. It appears that a woman named Mary Osborne was brought before Captain Vignolles, the Midas of Ballaarat, charged with habitual drunkenness. It seems that the unfortunate woman wns notorious for her propensity to drink, not only at Ballarat, but at Bendigo, though it is difficult to compre hend what the conduct of the woman in this res pect at Bendigo had to do with her excessive po tations on the Ballaarat diggings. His Worship, however, must have thought, it a great aggravation of her offence, as he sentenced her to six months' imprisonment. If this degree of punishment for the offence of drunkenness appears exces sive, and, in fact, without precedent, there is another case adjudicated by the same gentleman, in the opposite direction, probably to regulate the scale of justice upon the principle of the compensation balance. A man named Francis is indicted for horse-stealing, but as it was ascer tained the horse was dead, Captain Vignolles dis missed the case, with the observation that they might as well indict a man for murdering a ghost. It is quite unnecessary to discuss, at present, the propriety of these decisions, or to point out their inconsistency. The attention of the Responsible Minister has been directed to the conduct of the magistrate, and before long we may expect to hear more about it. The intelligence brought by the Clasmerden, of the operations of the Allies, "is of the greatest im portance, its it has a tendency to enable the Allied forces to intercept reinforcements and pro visions reaching Sebastopol, and even to cut off the retreat of the garrison, should they determine to make good their way from the Crimea. Should the operations on the flank of the Russians, and those on the side of the Perekop prove successful, the case of the Russians will be indeed desperate. It is not, however, improbable that they may see the hopelessness of further opposition, and at once give the Allies all the guarantees for the maintenance of peace, which they can reasonably demand. This is the more probable as the internal resources of Russia sensibly diminish under the pressure of the war, and the nobility feel the weight of war burthens to press heavily upon them, as well as upon the people generally. Among the incidents of interest communicated in the English papers is the death of Sir William Molesworth, whose loss as Secretary for the Colo nies will be long felt in this country, as well as in the other colonial dependencies of the Crown. No man in England had devoted more attention to colonial affairs, and few were more capable of mas tering the difficulties which encompassed them than he. His well known liberal views upon all questions of national policy peculiarly fitted him to conduct the business of the department of go vernment committed to his charge, at any time, but particularly at the present epoch when constitu tional principles are being established here and in the adjacent colonies. It would, no doubt, have been an object of ambition with him to have as sociated his name with their development and con solidation, upon a secure and permanent basis. His perfect acquaintance with the theory and practice of the Constitution, interpreted in the most liberal spirit of freedom, as it is understood in the most philosophical school of politics, would have been a safe corrective for the arbitrary tendencies of go vernors accustomed to the despotic authority of the quarter-deck, or educated to govern men on the principles of military discipline, and in conformity with the clauses of the Mutiny Act. It is a very great misfortune that such a man should be taken from us at such a time. It is not probable that we shall soon look upon his like again. The old ministry are regularly installed in office. If they are to remain there until the new Consti tution has come into operation, it would be well if the representative members would abate something of their legislative zeal and confine their industry to the perfection of the Electoral Act, with as little delay as possible. I perceive, however, that many of them exhibit an unusual activity in attending to the local interests of their constituents, more, I ap prehend, with a view of conciliating their support at future elections, than from a genuine desire of doing their duty. The advent of a general election always has this effect upon honorable gentlemen in the old coun try, disguised with a little more decency than is the case with our members of Council, They mis take, if they think such obstructive displays of pa triotism will produce the effect they calculate on. What the country wants is that the constitution may be brought into operation with as little delay as possible, and they will acquire much greater credit for purity of intention, and a desire to promote the true interests of the country, by doing the work before them, in passing a good electoral law, and embodying in it the vote by ballot, than by giving notices of motions which cannot be realised in the present Parliament, or in putting questions to mi nisters which can have no other result than that of convincing their constituents what they are dis posed to do hereafter, should the trust now reposed in them be renewed at the general election. Enough has been done in this way by the members from the mining districts, with whom such a course, in their peculiar position, is not only excusable, but perfectly justifiable, considering they were all, in a certain sense, new men, and politically unknown in the colony. In the old hacks, who have so long neglected their duty to the people, and made their seats in the House subservient to their own inter ests, to the injury of the country, such shallow de vices are easily seen through, and will fail in de ceiving those to whom they are directed for sup port, It will be perceived that in proportion as by our operations in the East we approximate to the con summation of an honorable peace, the germs of war, arising out of Italian complications, are being sown. The condition of Italy, so long divided into small states, which, 'from their natural advantages, have, from time to time, excited the cupidity of powerful neighbors, has attracted the attention of English statesmen who hnve been hitherto obliged either (a look on as passive spectators, or, if they, interfered, got nothing but an island or two, which they could hold and protect with their fleets. Malta is valuable. Sicily would be a great prize, and if we can extend the dominions of our good allies the Sardinians, we may obtain that influence in Italy which we have so long wished for. 'Lord Palmerston Is playing the game with great skill— we shall before long see with what result, 