THE JUDGES IN THE UPPER HOUSE. To the Editor ot the Empire. Sin-Seeing; that the honorable the Colonial Secretary Íiurposea making the appointment of tho Judges to seats n the upper house a ministerial question, ought not his Honor tho Chief Justino to postpono his intended explanation relative to his present position and that of tho other Judges, until tho io war houso shall h a vu como to a decision on tho point nt issue. It is within tho category of possibilities that same honorable members might be influenced by his Honor's explanation, or at least it might form-a ground for them exousing thom, selves for reversing their vote of last night, should they do so. Now it would be much better there should be no opportunity for suspicion of any suoh influence having been exerted ; and that could only be seourod by his Honor deferring his explanation. It may ho asserted that his Honor should : proceed ou the ground, that the upper house has na right to take any notioe of the proceedings of the lower, house any more than thalatter hasany right, as was alleged in tho course of the debate last night, to take notice of the proceedings of tho upper house. But, Sir, this is a purely constitutional question, and one with whioh tho upper house, being the nominees of tho lower house ought not to interfere either directly or indirectly. Itis the ministry and not the judgos who are before the country, and it is tho justification of the Ministry not tho oxouse of the judgos that is demanded ; und ' it is - not for his Honor, the Chief Justice, or any of tho other Judgos, to explain tho reasons why the Ministry appointed them to seats in the upper house. They cannot be supposed to have known the reasons the Ministry had in offering them seats. They may have since been told thom ; but is tho Assembly or the aountry. to take those reasons of the Ministry at second-hand? Aro the representativas of tho people to allow themselves to ba influenced by the views of Mr. Donaldson and his colleagues, as ox pressed through his Honor the Chief Justice? And, Slr, I must hero ask, if it bo proper that the Chief Justice, or any of tho Judgos, should oecupy a position whioh affords tho ghost of the shadow of a suspicion that thoy are the automatons of any Ministry. Sir 'Alfred Stephen ought to withhold his apology until tho Ministry havo furnished their grounds of justification;, and until tho Assembly, on the part of the couàtry, hove doolarod whether these are or are not suflioient. His Honor tho Chief Justioe is no doubt rightly jealous of any case that may bo brought before him in his capacity as a judge ? bolng prejudiced by a notioe of it in tho publio journals,-or otherwise, while before the Court; and on tho same principle it is to bo hoped ho will deoline to do or say anything that may.préjudice the oase that is now before the bar of tho Assembly,-moro particularly as he is a party interested, and as his opinions from the position he holds on tho benoh aro 'naturally looked to with'due respect. . I remain, Sir, yours respectfully. \- .? ALPHA. ' Sydney, August 12,1800. _ 