Stray Clippings "So far so gond", as the boy said whqn ho had .finished the first jar of his mother's jam, PBOORASTISATIOK.-It is with our good inten- tions us. with our dishes-to- morrow is but too often the hash of to-day. Monkeys and cats aro taught to drink ten, elephants to fire-pistols,-donkeys and pigs to find cords or numbers. Sally jones says when she was in lore, she felt as if she was in a tunnel, with a train of cars coming both ways. It is said, by undoubted authority, that the wife of a roarer in Kentucky uses live rattle- snakes fur garters. To cure deafness,'tell a man you'vo come to Eay bim -money. It beats acoustic oil all ollow. How TO .DO II.-If; you want to ^rise* in the ' world, give ' sass' to a boss butcher the dayB he puts on new boots. ADVERTISEMENTS FOB GHOSTS.-An Indiana paper refuses to publish notices of marriages and díaíA»,,unless tliey are delivered in ptrton. A HAPP? CONDITION.-An' English writer classifies old maids and bachelors as ' solitary mature men and women tc ho have nothing hap- pening to them, MODESTT "WuEBB LBAST EXPECTED.-Deli- cate swell (holding up his long coat previous to running over a dirty crossing.)-" Good gracious 1 I hope to goodness no lady will seo my ancles"! " Oh, don't tcaso mo to-day, George; I'm not at all well". George, [twelve years old, a man of. the-world J " I tell you what it is, you aro in love. Now, you take tho advice of a fellow who hos seen a-good deal of that sort of thing, and don't giro way to it".' PBACTIOAI. -WIT.-A young gentleman cele- brated for -his wit at college, was asked by his father for n spocimen of his talents, while enter- taining a party of friends at vacation. The scholar knelt before the hearth and roared luttily twice, to the great surprise of the old squire, who asked him what he meant by that. " YVhy, Bir", replied the son, "seeing the fire so low, I thought it might be belter for a pair of b-Moxut". A. Grax, or SriHiT.-" Mary, wby did yon kiss your hand to that young gentleman oppo- site, thia morning"? said a careful parent to his blooming daughter. «. Why, the fellow hud the impudence to throw a kl«s clear across thestreot tome; and, of course, I-throw it buck, indig- nantly. Von wouldn't have me encourage him in keeping it, would -you"? '. Pray, don't mention it", as the man! said when ho was told by the tax- collector that hiB -ratas were duo.. ' "? ' v -~" . . ' ' -~''-!'~"'~ "No man", says Mrs Parti ngton, "was bette» calculated to judgo of pork, than my poor hus- band was; when he was a living man, he knew what good hogs were, for he had been brought up among 'cm from his childhood". LONO Ptt.nrens.-Speaking against long prayers. Kider Knapp says:-' When Peter was endeavoring to walk on the water to moot bis master, and was about sinking, had his supplica- tion been as long as tho introduction to ono of our modern prayers), before he would have got half through, he would have, been fifty feet un- der water" At the Virginia Hotel, recently, a pious old lady, &s; she was preparing td go to, churcbV was seen to take a considerable quantity of goidirom rhee trunk,' wrap it up'parefully }n' her' hnhuker Chief. aud put lt in. her: pocket. *£be, roraar£cd. tlmOit was her habit, that it kept her mind steady at her devotions, for where the treasure is, thero will the heart bc also. ' : " I say. Mister," said one Yankee to another, "how came your oyes so alt- fired' crooked?" ! "iMy eyes?". "Yes."" "Why, by sitting be- tween twp^girls, noel trying to moko love to both I at the same time." It is proposed in Boston to get np a company of India-rubber omnibuses; tho leading feature of which- will- be,.when they are full the will stretch and hold a fow more. . If our commanders do not write clearer and more comprehensive despatches, we ought to have reo urso to tho device of tho New Zea- landers, Avho appoint in every tribe a fighting and talking general-tho man of action and tho man of totters-Achilles or Ajax to do mighty deeds, and Nestor to incite and Homer to record them. r. COMMON PLA CB. -Taking home with us tho other evening Mrs Jamison's, new work, and throwing it on the table, we remarked: " There, girls, is -Mrs Jamison's ' Common-Placo-Boolc." ' " Well, you need not leave it, pa," said the most juvenile, "for wo don't read common place büoksl" TIT FOR TAT.-" Do yo« know what 1 was thinking of all the time during the ceremony?" asked a bridegroom's young roan of a bridesmaid after a marriage. " No, sir-, what?" Why, I was blessing my stars that I was not the bride- groom." " And I suppose tho bride was doing the same thing," rejoined his fair antagonist.. CAUSE ANO .EFFECT.-Professor Masson, at a recent meeting in Scotland, said that, " though a Scotchman, ho had been abroad for the greater part pf his life." .On tho rulo of "tho right word in tba right place," should not tho professor have said because? lt seems necessary that groat people should dio with somo sonorous and quotable saying. Mr Pitt said something not intelligible in his last moments; George Ross made it out to be, " Save my country, heaven 1'* The nurse, ou being interrogated, said that be asked for barley water. Somo quaint quibbler of tbc-last century ob- served that when the cannons of tho king began to go off, tho authority of canons was over- thrown: " It was'first mitre, and- then nitre, -that governed .tho world-St Peter and salt- petre." TUB BESBTTINO SIN.-Thomson, the qnthor ^of ? fhe Cattle of Indolence paiil homage in that admirable poem to the master passion of his own easy nature. Ile is said on one occassion to have been too lazy to remove his hands from his pockets to pluck n peach, and actually ate tho frnit as it grew. At another time, being found in bed at n late hour in tho day, he was asked why be did not rise. His answer was, "Troth, .mon, I see na motivo for stirring." VERY QOIOK PASS AO a.-The clipper ship Easforn City, of Glasgow, made the run from London to Calcutta in 76 days, being, computed ¿he quickest-passage on record. ' W,hy.should the Russian generals be considered consumptive? Because so many of them have a " koff." . A WITT» MADMAN.-A gentleman by tho .name of Man, residing near a private madhouse, juet one of its poor inmates who had broken from h's keoper. The maninc suddenly stopped, and resting upon .a large stick, exclaimed, "Who "are you, sir?" The gentleman was rather alarmed; but, thinking to divert his attention by a pun, he replied, "ri am a double man; I am a ?mon by name and a mah. by nature." '.'Are jon so?".rejoined tho other; "why I am-a man beti le myself;-so twa two will fight yon two." Seventy gentlemen at Holbë&cb;, on Friday, ?treated themselves to a monster, pio, " to com- memorate the fall of Sebastopol." The pie was composed of 10 rabbits, 24 pigeons, 8 partridges, 2 hares, and 22 pounds of beefstakes and ham. The sunflower is now much cultivated for .its oil, and as food for cattle and poultry. One acre .will produce 50 gallons of oil, and l,5C0lbs of oilcake.. The stalks, when burt for alkali, give 10.cwt pf potash. THE FARMER'S BANK.-The following, is a good description of this model institution. Vault: Mi'thcrearth. Exchanges: The trans planting of the nursery and garden. Deposits: Happiness, sobriety, and manly independence. Assets: Smiling fields, .waving with a golden harvest.- Liabilities: Indebted, to God alone, .who sends tho sunshine and-the rain. Dividends: 'Health, wcalthyand pure hearts. BITTERS OP LIFE-People who wish to lead peacoful lives should never go to balls-for hops produce great, bitterness.-?/'«.»«Äinel'o. HINTS TO -GIRLS.-Mrs Swisshclm says: " The secret yon dare not tell your mother is a dangorons secret-one that will be likoly to bring you sorrow." A SUBS ¡SION.-I-When yon see a gentleman nt midnight si{t.iDg on.the 6tep in /rapt of his house, combing his hair with the door-scraper, you may readily conclude that he has been at an evening party. WHAT .« A COQUETTE?-A young lady of moro beauty than sense; more,accomplishments than learning; moro.charms of person than grace Of mind; mora admirers than friends;.moro fools than wise men for attendants. TUB. AGU wu Liva IN.-Now that the ladies " carry so much sail aloft," and aré exposed to the danger, in a gale of wind, tof -.either having their,head gear tom.away, or of being lifted up themselves and flying away, they have-hit upon the device of a pendant line in front, attached to ,the hat-ribbon," by which they can^b/ld on, and preservo themselves from wreck! What a won- derful ago we live inf CATcniNo A TAUT AK.-Whoo tho Russians' first seized on the Crimea, they captured a .great -many of the inhabitants, but amongst all of these they.never got hold of such a native as the Tar- tar they hove.now caught at Sebastopol. . BUBBLE AND SQUKAK.-Take a .eaucopan, half full of clean spring wator; pat it on the fire, and let it heat gradually for about half an hour. tWatch it carefully until it boils; the .moment it bolls it,will bubble. Then put your finger in, ,and .you .will squeak. THE AMERICAN NAVV.-lt is mentioned as a fact worthy of notice that the naval armament destroyed by the Russians themselves, to provent it from falling into tho bands of their enemies, exceeded in number of guns tho'whole'naval force of the United States.-N.' Y. Journal. . How TO MAKE A BED.-The materials of which an apprentice's bod is -composed will mainly depend upon the nature of your business. If you arc in the pub!!.-hing trade, hack numbers foiui a delightful bud'tu lie upun. In every bvsineKS however, there will he plenty of .wallis nintutiuls ljing under the counter to form a .bed for any apprentice who io not above lib pluuc. Leave the arrangement of the. inuterlals.to the hui's.own fancy; for it ¡sonly fit that us ho makes his bed, ho,should.-h'o,on it. A LITTLE BRIES1 AUTHORITY.-Landlord'* agents, now a days, by their peculiar inquisitive- ness and tyrannical actions, are fast becoming unpopular. Soraè will not rent the houses under their control, if there bo. any children ih the case-just ns if married couples could help having children I The first interrogation tapou attempting to dbtninÁa house, is-" Ho\v\ many children have you?\ Then quickly follows Where did you live lastf who under? and whore ls your receipt book? A case of this kind happened lately, wherein the agent wai cont plctoly nonplussed. A rather shrewd person went to him, and told him lie wished to rent one of his houses, when the following conversation ensued:-Agent: How many children Have you'? HouSe-seoker: Ten jioue wife, one-rocking-chair, . rsv clock, a°sot of dinner «nd brtakfást cliiua, tw,<> tea-kettles, a. coffee-pot, a sil vor watch, tWcr lamps (both fluid), a cooking-stove and' für« nace, two water buckets, three tin cups, a dozen cut tumblers and all other cooking utensils that, aro requisite in a well regulated household. Qa to bcd every evening at teri, and start to work at six in tho morning. Anything else? Agent (quite astonished)-No, not at present; but you caa take the house. MISTAKES OÍ A ÑIOHT. - Thc following ludicrous incident occurred, recently,., on board the night train from Now York: Two maimed couples took their seats in the cars at Now York, bonnd for Boston, in close proximityj'and about eight o'clock they both indulged iu balmy slumbers, tho heads of the wives' testing Upon their husbands' shoulders'. When tho cars reached Worcester tho gentlemen stepped out, and the ladies;,apparently exhausted, slept on. The delay wäsj brief, and on re-entering the cafs« the husbands.'whoso eyes were scarcely opened« exchanged seats, and in a few moments resumed thoir natural positions, and were in the land of dreams. ' At Framingbrim tho. cars Stopped again, when one of tho ladies said: '* Will you have time to get mo a drink of water here?" The affrighted gentleman not recognizing the music ot his wifes voice, exclaimed: .'By heaven, have I made, a mistake? This isnft you, Tilly!" "No,".' exclaimed the lady, "and -you ain't my husbandry " Perhaps we had better exchange seats," exclaimed tho husband in the seat immediately in the' rear, who. had awoke, " for there's a slight mistake here." Tho second lady, too fatigued; did not awako, and as tho temporary husband endeavored to shift .his .burden so ns to move; she merely ejaculated " Do beep still !" WHAT is TUB PRICE CF Dtrcfts"?-A gen- tleman was asked *' What was tho prico of ducks?" when he confessed that he could not tell. He had been out that very day with his wife, and she had purchased no fewer than three ducks. Firstly, there waS *'a duck" of a dress ; secondly, "a duck" of a parasol; and thirdly, "a duck" of a bonnet. The first waif mado of Genoa' .velvet, tho second was trimmed with Valenciennes luce, and tho third had a magnifi- cent bunch of ostrich feathers. - The united cost of these precious ducks was £55, so that each duck had stood him in not less than .£18 and a few shillings a piece: He supposed there wera ducks to be had in tho market cheaper, but for himself, whenever ho heard his-wife mention the 'word "duek.'i he'olways:trcmbIed from bead'tu foot, for ho knew nt once that it meant some- thing inordinately expensive.-Punch's Focktt Book. A QuEEit olb .S.Mt/r os A MARRIAGE CUUISB At one of the police courts a few days ago, a funny bridal paity made their appearance bofore the sitting m'agis'tratc. It consisted of ono malo and two'femalcs; Tho former was apparently 40 years of ago, dressed with a blue roundabout, light pants, very large itt tho legs, held up by ia leathern band; a straw tarpaulin, and low 6hoes, with red and white striped stockings. He reeled heavily into à chair. The two females were rather plainly dressed, and had probably been a blnck-berryingin the forenoon. One'was about 55 years of ago, and the other-the bride -apparently 45. None of them appeared timid .or abashed; but with bold faces, the bride and groom were rather eager than otherwise, to tako thc fearful responsibilities of " treading the altar." All were seated, when the sailor ad- dressed thc magistrate as -follows: "",Hallo, there! Ise want to be spliced-d'ye hear, .eh?" Magistrate. What is your name? Sailor. I say, now, none of your sauce-.don't bluff, old boy, but up jib and sail ¡ri put tts to sea in tho same craft, with a bunk for th« two"-and ho leaned heavily back in the chair, and -his eyes half closed. Mag. " This man appears to be .ia liquor. I cannot join him in marriage while be is in such a state." Old Lady.' " O, sir, please, .he's.alwoys jist so- it's natural ,as life." Mag. "Then ho must tell his name." Sailor, lt'« Robbins, sir, Robbins-d'ye hear?" Mag " And the woroon, what is her name! S. Ahoy' there! what's your name, ye sharp built clipper' where do you hail from-'s your papera handy?» -You see old lubber (addressing - »lie 'magistrate -who was splitting, with laughter,) 1 bávn't ex- amined her clearances yet;"' Mag; '"I must know her name." S. " Blamed if I know. Stand np here, roy donble-deckor, and show your figure head. Tell who smashed tho bottle aft when you were launched and what he named yb. Stand up, ¡I say, and set yer to-gallants'il, and let tho cap'n. see the cut o'yer jib." Bride. " Perhaps, sir, we'd better go away now, and como again tó-merrow." S. " Ahoy, then ! all hands afty and spread-we'll put out'for moro sea-room-long lifo, td ye,-old'.boy;-and-he staggered out with his woman, and has not; yet reappeared "to bo spliced.". . ,'t PROSPECTIVE CHROHOLOGY.-?-A deputatiop.of plain cooks, in 1865, waits opon tord Palmerston, threatening a strike, in consequence of the West lind policemen having suddenly been ordered off kitchen duty, 1870: Discovery in a London boarding house, of.a knife that will cut. 1873: New regulation introduced respecting tho award of the Dunmow flitch of bacon.' Every femala candidate to produce a certificate, that , she ba's, once a month at least, tried her husband's tcrn per, by having his study " put - to rights,"- and has also invariably sentenced him to cold mutton upon charing days. 1880: The Queen is forced the barrel-organ nuisance 1887:' The fashions recoivo tho attention of tho Government. Bill introduced- for the 'total , abolition,.of i the" hat called ''chimney.pot," .with clauses regulating the distance down the bock at which a lady may wear ber bonnet. 19Ü0: Grand aeqúatic/ei*, given by the Temperance Society in celebration of their triumph in having persuaded a cab- man to take tho pledge.-Funch'a I'ocktt Book Sot 1856. , .. TUB QUIET ST»XST.-Tho principal illustra- tion in " Punch's Pocket Book" is a humorous skotch, by Leech, of tho quiet street. There are somo half dozen organ boys grinding away' to- gether The Bed, White, and Pl io; Pop goes the Weasel, and Villikins and his Dinah,-the Ger- man horn band blowing away nt furia a pour la Syrie, and a nimble clarionet ni ayer, aros, well» lng thodiscordontchorusjand the vocal p" Hs are sustained by on itinerant seller of fly-catcheri, who is bawling out. Catch 'em alive- oh; and á couplo of other fellows are bawling out Second cedisbn. Then there are boys tumbling in tbo street, aud a steady old pedestriau rundown by " perambulators" laden with pairs of growing cherubs. \- A Ni oo en Lu;nto.-"I say. Sambo, does ya know what makes the corn grow so fast -when you put du maumu on il?" "No, I don'; hardly." " New I ¡1 jist tell ye. When thc eprji bosuns td snail do mu'iMie, it don't like dd 'fumery.so it liurrins out of tho gronud, arid- sita np as high as jeannie, SJ ns cot io brcaff do bud .Jr.? to gil 