THE LATE MR JOHN BLACK OF THE MORNING CHRONICLE. We find in Hardwicke's Annual Biography the following brief memoir of the late Mr Black, for many years the well known editor of the Morning Chronicle newspaper. June 15th, at Birling, Kent, aged 72, John Black, Esq., formerly editor of the Morning Chronicle.—Mr Black was born in 1783, near Dunse, in Berwickshire. He was the son of a laboring cottier, resident four miles from that town. He lost his father and mother before he was twelve years of age. But even before" that early period he gave signs of his future ability. He was educated at the parochial school of Dunse, and was noted among his schoolfellows, and by the good people of Dunse, as a remarkably clever boy. It was the wish of his mother that the child should be educated for the church ; but the dream was not to be realised. At the age of fourteen he was engaged as an errand-boy in a factor's office in his native town. Finding that sphere too limited for his energies or ambition, he went to Edinburgh in his eighteenth year, and found employment at a stationer's. He subseqently obtained admission to the office of two, if not of three, writers to the Signet, in Edinburgh. He made the best use of his time—taught himself the classics, and became an excellent Latin, and still better Greek scholar. He also devoted his attention to the modern languages, and learned German from an Austrian musician employed in the theatre, and Italian from , another foreign musician—teaching them his English (such as it was in return. He also acquired French, though he never spoke it with purity. He continued in Edinburgh in these various employments till twenty-seven years of age, when ambition prompted him to seek his fortune in London. He walked the whole distance, and arrived not penniless, but, by his own account, with not more than three half-pence! He brought letters of introduction to Mr Perry,. the proprietor and editor of the Morning Chronicle,— one from the late Mr Gibson, afterwards Sir James Gibson Craig. He was fortunate enough to please Mr Perry, an admirable judge both of genius and of character, and was forthwith engaged on that journal—his employment being to translate the foreign journals and to take his "turn" as a reporter in the gallery. Black was considered to be a very rapid reporterj; but his principal merit consisted in the celerity with which he made his way from the House of Commons to the Strand. Black worried the oversee.r by delaying his " copy" to the last moment, and by loud radical comments on the subject matter of debate in the reporter's room. His animal spirits were overflowing, and his love of "argumentation," when young, excessive. He used to be called the " Professor of Logic," and the " Flying Scotchman." Mr Black was appointed principal editor of the Morning Chronicle about two years before Mr Perry's death, which occurred in 1821. He held the office without interruption from that period until 1844, nearly one-third of a century, under three different proprietors. He was necessarily brought into social and political intercourse during that time with some of the principal men of his day. And it is but doing scanty justice to his memory to say that no one knew him who did not love him for the guilelessness of his disposition, and admire him, not only for the vast range of his learning, but for his sterling and fearless honesty of purpose, and his sincere, earnest, and successful advocacy of liberal principles. Mr Black was ah editor of the old school, and lived at his workshop' in the higher story of the then office, in Norfolk-street, Strand. He was twice married—first under .circumstances of which little is known. His second wife, who died two or three years before him, was Miss Cromeck, sister of the artist of that name, residing in Newman-street, Oxford-street, and where Black temporarily lodged. Mrs Black was herself a remarkable woman—something like Meg Merrilies in person. The garret habits of the couple were a frequent source of amusement to their friends. Black's rooms, including the bed-room, were so encumbered with books, both on the walls and on the floor—the gleanings of nearly half a century—that it was difficult to walk through them. At one time the pair were obliged to creep into bed at one end, the bedsides being piled up with dusty volumes of divinity and politics, and defying entrance in any other way; for it was one of the editor's peculiarities that he would not have his books moved or dusted by any hand but his own. In his walks Mr Black's constant attendant at one time was a large Newfoundland dog named Cato, whom he used to tug along from bookstall to book-stall, or run with to and from' Blackheath and London at all hours of the night. Mr Black had a very wide circle of political and literary associates, and personally knew every leading Liberal of his time. Every eminent man in ^he wide world of British and Irish politics sought his aid, and he kept the secrets intrusted to him with scrupulous fidelity. However, loquacious on other matters, he never betrayed his contributors. The late Duke of Sussex was an active purveyor for him, especially during the illness of George III, and the Regency. His other frequent writers were Sheridan, Adair, D. Kinnaird, General Palmer, Mr E Dubois, the Rev. Mr Colton, Lord Holland, the late John Allen, Porson, Jekyll, " Tommy Hill," Horace Smith, and other worthies now no more. To these may be added the names of Albany, Fonblanque, James Mill, David Ricardo, C. P. Thompson (afterwards Lord Sydenham), Mr M'Culloch (one of his most steady and attached friends), and Mr N. W. Senior. Ti ese gentlemen wrote chiefly on subjects of political economy. Mr Chadwick provided Mr Black with ample material on the Poor-laws. Mr Francis Place, though a Charing Cross tailor, supplied Mr Black, as also did Mr Hume, with invaluable material in the discussion of the Repeal and alteration of the Combination Laws, and the Export of machinery, in 1824 25\. Many members of the Upper House also favored him with contributions especially the " Jockey of Norfolk "—called the first Protestant Duke, the late Lords Erskine, Moiia, Lauderdale, Durham, and Essex. The late Mr Charles Buller, iu 1830, when a student in Mr Coulson's chambers, first used his pen for Black in lively and brief articles. The supposed ghost of Junius also haunted the editor's room. Sir Philip Francis was the author of the " Historical Questions" which appeared in the Chronicle, and Proby the sub-editor was struck by the similitude of the handwriting :o the facsimiles of the Letters of Junius in the Public Ledger. Sir Philip long occasionally communicated both with Mr Perry and Mr Black. Lord Brougham's handwriting was well known during the Queen's Trial, and for fully a quarter of a century afterwards. The Right Honorable Edward Ellice, the member for Coventry, was, years since, a frequeut and valued correspondent. Mr Joseph Parkes was a constant contributor from 1824 to later years ; and we believe that gentleman penned in Birmingham most of the leading articles in the Chronicle on Tithes, during the public agitation of that question and the Commutation Act. The same hand kept up a constant cannonade in Black's leaders on Municipal and Parliamentary and Law Re - form, preceding 1831, and subsequently to the latter settlement of those questions. Colonel Thompson had also his entree to Black's private room, and early launched the Corn Law question, years before the Manchester League and Sir Robert Peel "settled" it. Old Colonel Jones, in the Morning Chronicle as well as in the Times, in 1830, 1831, and 1832, discharged his rifle shots into the ranks of the " corruptionists " of that day. Thomas Moore deposited with Black occasional prose leaders and poetical squibs on Irish party subjects. Black's old friend and schoolfellow, Mr Thomas Young, now living, was another invaluable friend of both journals, especially in the crisis, of the Reform Acts, writing numerous articles for the Chronicle; and also keeping the Press au courant in such information as Lord Melbourne (to whom Mr Young was then private secretary) considered important for the right direction of public opinion. Sir Robert Peel, with all his prudery, did not think it inconsistent with his dignity to send a " communication " now and then, with " Sir Robert Peel's compliments." He also had communications from Windsor in subsequent reigns. George III. was more than suspected by Mr Black of the perpetration of a leading article, the subject being himself; but the proof in this case was presumptive, not positive, though quite satisfactory to Mr Black. Nor was Mr Black's useful connection confined only to noblemen and gentlemen. He had a powerful corps of female contributors ; amongst whom were the late Miss Edgeworth, and Mrs Marcet, Lady Caroline Lamb, and subsequently, a living lady of singular talent and force of mind, the wife of an eminent historian. This notice of Mr Black's career would be incomplete if we did not mention that he was twice engaged in what are misnamed " affairs of honor;" —the first time with a colleague on the press, for provocation arising out of a personal squabble or argumentation on politics ; and a second time with Mr Roebuck, in consequence of an article in the Chronicle, which, however, Mr Black did not write. Both these affairs were happily, bloodless. Mr Black retired from the management of the Morning Chronicle in 1844, under circumstances which excited some regret among.the liberal party, but on which it is not necessary for us to dwell. These circumstances compelled him to sell his yaluable and unique library—one of the most singular ever formed—and the collection of which had been his only " hobby," and the great charm of his life. With the proceeds, added to a sum contributed by the proprietors of the paper which he had so long and so ably served, and other moneys raised for him among the leaders of Liberal party, by the advice of his friends, he bought himself a small annuity, which was amply sufficient for his simple tastes and moderate wants ; from 1844 to his decease, his years were passed in the calm and rational enjoyment of a well-earned repose. Mr Coulson, it should be added, gave his friend a. cottage at a nominal rent, and a piece of land to cultivate. Here the ancient editor read Greek, walked with his canine friends, fed pigs, weeded his garden, and heard afar off the roar of that world which he had quitted forever It was here—at Birling, near Town Mailing—that the philosopher died, bequeathing to his friend Mr Coulson his books and papers. During his early struggles in London, Mr Black worked for the booksellers, but never compiled or wrote an original work. His translations were as follow :—" Political Essay on the Kingdom of New Spain," &c.;, from the French of A. de Humboldt ; " Travels through Norway and Lapland," from the German of Leopold, with Notes, and a Life of the Author by Professor Jamieson ; " Memoirs of Goldoni. the celebrated Italian Dramatist," written by Himself, fronpL the French; and a " Course of Lectures on the Dramatic Arts and Literature," translated from the German to Schlegel. Mr Black was a great favorite with the late Lord Melbourne when the latter was Prime Minister His lordship esteemed him not only for his great learning, his wonderful memory, his apt illustration of every topic of discourse by an apparently inexhaustible fund of anecdote—derived from the most recondite sources—but for his simplicity and bonhomie. John Black was a modern Diogenes in everything but the ilUnature. On one occasion Lord Melbourne said to him —»" Mr Black, you are the only person who comes to see me, who forgets who I am." The editor opened his eyes with astonishment. " You forget that I am I^rime Minister." Mr Black was about to apologize ; but the Premier continued, "Everybody else takes especial care to remember it ; but I wish they would forget it, but. they only remember it to me as for places and favors. Now, Mr Black," added his lordship, " you never ask me for anything, and I wish you would ; for seriously I should be most happy to do anything in my power to serve you." " I am truly obliged," said Mr Black, " but I don't want anything ; I am editor of the Morning Chronicle ; I like my business, and I live happy on my income." " Then, by Heaven," said the peer, " I envy you; and you're the only man I ever did." It should be noted among the characteristics of this excellent man, that he had a keen eye for the discovery of youthful genius—a warm heart to appreciate—a sound head to advise—and a liberal hand to reward it. Among many other liberal examples which could be named, it was Mr Black who was among the first to discover the extraordinary gifts of Charles Dickens, when, twenty years ago, he was a reporter of the Morning Chronicle, and who did his utmost to encourage and elicit it.— Abridged from the Illustrated London News. THE TRADE IN ST. MICHAEL'S ORANGES.—The orange is one of a numerous family of fruits, produced by handsome evergreen trees, bearing fragrant flowers, and peculiar to countries within the tropics, or enjoying an almost tropical climate. The lime, the lemon, and the citron all belong to the orange family, and to these are to be added the forbidden fruit and the shaddock, the largest members of the tribe. In all, there are said to be no less than 75 different species of oranges alone, of which the St. Michael, the blood-red, the Maltese, the Mandarin, and the bitter or Seville orange, are the kinds most commonly imported into this country. Our own experience of the grateful and refreshing juice of the orange will easily enable us to understand the high estimation in which it is held by the parched inhabitants of its native climates, where, growing in rich profusion, it may be said to be rather a necessity than a luxury, of life. In the days gone by, when steam and electricity were slumbering agents, our supply of oranges came to us almost exclusively from Spain and Portugal; but now the Azores and the Madeira Islands alike send us their rich cargoes, while Others reach us from Crete and Malta. The St Michael orange is cultivated, as its name implies, in the island of fct Michael, one of the Azores, or Western Islands, and is also grovjn in other islands of the same group. The culture of the oiange in these islands is now a regularly established branch of industry, and the inhabitants depend almost entirely on the produce of their quintas, or orange gardens, the means of subsistence A quinta may belong to a poor man, and contain only a few trees; or it may be in itself a large property, and have as many as a thousand. The trees are planted at about 25 or 30 feet apart, in regular rows, protected by tall hedges. They take seven years to arrive at maturity, and from that age,* if proper y cared or coniinue to bear well till they attain to a great size and an enormous age. In good seasons some of the larger trees yield as many as 20 -boxes, of a thousand oranges each, and as many as 26,000 fruit have been known to be gathered from one of these prolific trees. No wonder that, during the ripening season, large supports have to be placed under the branches to prevent them from being torn away from the trunk by the great weight of plump and juicy fruit that grows amidst their glossy foliage. The quintas of the Azores are in full blossom in the month of April. By October the most .forward oranges begin to ripen, and in November the first gathering is made for the London market. The orange harvest occurs in January and February; and by the end of the latter month the trees are cleared of their juicy burden, and most of the fruit has been despatched from the islands. In Spain and Portugal the same mode of culture is practised as in the Azores, excepting that there no fences are required to shade the trees. The orange trees of these countries, however, are of greatly inferior size, and the average yield proportionately less, the usual annual crop of one of the Seville trees being about 8000. —Hogg's Instructor. MENTAL EXPRESSION. — Character expresses itself in the whole figure, including even the drapery. Who has not recognised the expression of great intellect in those figures of Napoleon the First in which he is represented with his back to the spectator, looking on the sea from a rock in St Helena ? When the anterior lobe is small, this precise, firm, elastic texture, and nervous living surface are diminished. Who fails to discover the idiot by his slouching back and ungainly motions, without needing to look in his face ? If the coronal region predominate, the forms are round and graceful, but the texture is softer and less elastic. The countenance then manifests an easy, beaming, lively goodness, which engages the affection of the beholder. If the base predominate, the forms are coarse, and the muscles are Govered with fat; or, if visible, they seem to be made of rope, and not of silken cords, as in the ease where the anterior lobe and coronal region hold the decided pre- eminence in size. These remarks will be best illustrated by example. There is a correspondence between the thorax and abdomen and the brain. It is rarely that a large anterior lobe and narrow base of the brain are combined with large lungs and large* abdomen^ and equally seldom that a large base and small anterior lobe are combined with small lungs and a small abdomen. There is, therefore, generally speaking, a decided character pervading the whole corporeal frame of man, which bears a relation to the size, form, and condition of the brain, and every part of the visible surface expresses the quantity as well as the quality of the mental power which animates it. . Something closely approaching to this remark is expressed in the following extract from Mrs Jamieson's admirable " Common Place Book of Thoughts, Memories, and Fancies." " Lavater," it is said, " told Goethe that on a certain occasion when he held the velvet bag in the church as collector of the offering, he tried to observe only the hands, and he satisfied himself that in every individual the shape of the hand and of the fingers, the action and sentiment of dropping the gift into the bag, were distinctly different and individually characteristic. If Lavater had extended his observation to the brain, he would have found characteristic forms in it corresponding to those characteristic shapes and motions of the hands and fingers.—Combe. THE ACTION OF THE BRAIN.— To represent great moral and intellectual power, grace and harmony of form are not of themselves sufficient. To them must be added nervous life in the surfaces, elasticity of flesh in the masses, precision in forms; in short, that quality which artists and ciitics recognise under the name of character. I find this quality in most of the great pictures and statues; but I have met with few artists or connoisseurs who have formed any opinion of its causes, and fewer still who saw its relationship to mental character end development of brain. A few words may be added to elucidate its connexion with the latter. . Few doubt that the face of a man great intellectual and moral powel^ bears deep traces of thought and feel; ing in its habitual forms of texture and that soft, rounded, undefined, and lymphatic cheeks, and drowsy eyes, speak of slothful habits and feeble intellectual faculties. These effects are produced, beyond all question, by the action of the brain on the nerves, , which expand themselves on the face and on the eye. To the touch, the skin and flesh in these cases feels different; in the one instance it is firm, soft, elastic, and respg^ sive; in the other, soft, elastic, and prone to retain the impression which it has received from the fingers. The same class, t i nerves cover the whole external parts of the body, and performs similar functions in them as in the face; and hence the whole body is an organ of expression of the mind. Farther, when an idividual is exhausted by mental efforts and bodily fatigue, and sleeps, how strangely is the expression of the countenance changed ! The forms are now heavy and ill-defined; the elasticity of the flesh has departed, and the mind .no longer radiates from the features. Feel the condition of the thighs, the legs and the abdomen, and in them similar changes will be recognised, even by the touch. Now, what exhaustion of nejvous energy and sleep accomplish n this case, is produced in a less degree by diminishing the nervous power at its fountain head, namely in the brain, and in the anterior lobe, which commancs most forcibly the anterior vertebral column of voluntary motion. The effects ot sleep, in other words, the cessation of the mental functions of the brain, affords a striking illustration The expression of the skin, lace, trunk and limbs of "the sleeping Fawn" are widely different from those of a man in 'a state of mental activity, although his attitude were the same. The different state of the brain causes the other changes.— Combe. THE OLD BACHELOR AND HIS BOWYER BIBLE.—Mr John Albison, of Bolton, a wealthy old bachelor, lived obscurely and abstemiously, buying rare books, manuscripts, carvings, &c.;, &c.;, which he kept to himself, and made, indeed, little use of even himself. They were piled,up in attics and out-of-the-way places, of no real value to anybody ; and when, at the age of 76, their owner died, his heir had them unceremoniously sold by auction—the sale occuping nine daj s, the number of lots being nearly 2,000. The lot which occasioned most interest was the Bowyer Bible, in 45 folio volumes, morocco, and was knocked down to Mr Robert Heywood, of the Pike, for £550. It is illustrated (says, the Preston Chronicle) with 6,000 rare valuable engravings, after the first masters by the ablest engravers, English and foreign, and contained in a richly-carved antique oak cabinet. The embellishing of this book was the life labor of Mr Bowyer, of London^ who, with unlimited means and great taste and industry, laid the whole civilized world under contribution in consummating this grand work. There were but two copies of this edition, originally consisting of seven folio volumes; one is now in the British Museum—the other, Mr Bowyer had made the foundation of this great work, embellishing it with illustrations which his profession as a publisher of engravers gave him facilities to do beyond other men. The plates being with Albert Lurer, about 1450, and contain the choicest specimens from the burins of all who have succeeded him down to our own time, amounting to 500 in . number, and the plates themselves to 6,000. It occupied him during a period of 24 years, at a cost of upwards of £2,300. In addition, the binding cost £150 ; and the beautiful cabinet, so rich in design and perfect in carving, 150 guineas more. After Mr Bowyer's death, it was disposed of by lottery, for 4,000 guineas.. Since then it has changed hands twice ; and on the last occasion the late Mr Albison commissioned a gentleman in Manchester to purchase it for him. ' He succeeded ; but the greates anxiety, was manifested to recover the lost treasure. Mr Albison was, however, inexorable; he declared that money would not buy it from him; and nothing , but the death xf that gentleman reopened it to public competition. EXTRAORDINARY FLORAL PHENO- MENON*—In the garden of Dr. Patterson, Bridge of Allan, is a plant called the cactus grandifora, which only flowers once in seven years, and then at sunset, closing at daylight in the morning. In the evening it was observed to put forth its fibres, which gradually extended until twelve o'clock at night, when it was in full bloom. _ The fibres surrounding the centre ofthe flower being pure white. The doctor, who had been attending Kossuth's lecture in Stirling, returned in time to witness the flower in a state of perfection. During the evening great numbers^ had flocked to witness it, so much so that they had to be admitted by turns. After midnight it gradually faded away, and in the morning the beautiful floral phenomenon had altogether passed away. The plant mu?t undergo a probation of seven years before it again lifts up its adorned head to the still midnight. WOMAN'S RIGHTS.'—The New Hampshire girls stand upon their right to pay for their beaux occasionally. A party of young ladies from Madbury, N.H., appeared in Great Falls on May-day, having taken their gentlemen friends out to ride. The girls " stood treat" for their partners, and showed them all there was to be seen in the village, the gents carrying the parasols, bouquets, &c.;, while their fail- friends drove the teams. 