THE WEEK'S GOSSIP. There is some scan mag current, but that can't be retailed in the Daily News. Commander Forster, R.N., goes Assist- ant Police Magistrate to Hamilton. — Mr, Henslowe takes his proper place as Clork of the Legislative Counoil, while Mr. Chester Eardly Wilmot drives the quill at the Assembly ; but these offices are not yet gazetted. The salaries are each £600 per annum, and the increase 1 — The Ushers of the Black Rod will come both from the north side. Thero are many applicants. — The Riohmond folks can't shake off Mhjor Schaw, who remains with them, lileo a bad halfpenny. — The Champ-Smith colonial ministry is not yet complete ; n report is abroad that Mr, William Race Allison \ takes office as Secretary of Lands and Public Works. He will be quite at home in the former, havingyo&Jed; from Govern ment a large quantity of itB broad acres.— Mr. Fraser waits patiently, till the £600 per annum be thrust upon him, to en joy the olium cum dignitate. — The Colo nial Secretary's family have taken their passage to Europe. Query, Will ho soon follow ? — The Returning Officers are to be appointed next week. There are many electoral districts whore competent persons cannot be found therein to take this offioe. — Mr. Sutton, a relative of Sir Henry Young, takes Mr. Hugh Hull's post at the Private. Secretary's office. The latter is not yet provided for. — A Mr. Pringle is said to have been promised the berth of Returning - Officer. These nominations must appear in the next Gazette. Mr. George Kemp is named for Oatlands, Mr. C. Foster for Brighton, and Mr. S. Dawson for Clarence — men are more difficult to be found than constituencies — many of the latter had better advertise — "Wanted a member" — only four electoral requisitions are floating about. — A police magistrate in a certain district; instead of taking pos session of an unclaimed allotment for the Grown. is sticking to it himself. — The ' working men seem bent on trying the chances of the return of Messrs. Hollis, Richards, and St. Clair, for the city. — Some people are beginning to fancy the machinery of the Ballot Box likely to prove impracticable and certainly eostly, and others aBk how it can be possible to have seoret voting, when even more than a fourth of the voters can neither read nor write? — That learned functionary, Mr. Rogers, is posed at the present aspect of the ballot question — HoIHb or Smith, are to head the city poll.— Messrs. Chapman, Nutt, Brewer, and John Dunn are to be " nowhere," to use a racing term, so say the quid nunes — The Peerage, Upper House, or Legislative Council, call it what you will, the latter is the proper term, is hardly talked about — the fifteen members will not easily bo caught. — The contest between Stewart and Butler, for the alder- ' mauio oliair, will be a'olose shave. Stewart has not a ghost of a chance. Sir Henry Young is about to relieve the monotonous atate of society, by a series of parties. — The band of the 12th is superior to that of the \- 99th. The conductor of the former is an artiste in his profession. — Arrangements hare been made so that parties confined in the watch-house, will not be allowed to starve from Saturday night until Monday morning. — The Chief Police Magistrate will proceed shortly on his annual inspec tion of stations and magistrates whioh he has not done for some time. There is more than one distriot, where paid and unpaid magis trates, police clerks snd district constables are all squabbling together. — Mr. Champ will pay an official and electioneering visit to the north, combining the utile with the dulce. -—Many of Mr. Smith's requisitionists are coming over to the opinion that his reply ' to them is a slight, from its vagueness and ambiguity in not having said one word as to his political opinions. An addross from Kangaroo Point offers a favourable oon- trust in this particular. — The last newly arrived and admitted praotitioner is invari ably a luminary, and so is Mr. Crabbe. — Of the. old members Mr. Anstey is safe at Oatlands, Mr. Wedge at Morven, Dr. But ler at Brighton, Captain Fenton at New Norfolk, Mr. Gregson at Richmond, Mr. Morrison at Sorell, Mr. Goodwin at Laun- ceston. — It is questionable whether Mr. ' gharland is certain at Cumberland — any opposition, and he would have to try for the " House of Incurables"— Messrs. Gelli- brand and Whyte are talked of. 