SEBASTOPOL. She sat upon the shore, And looked defiance from her hundred guns, When France and England's warrior sons Came the blue waters o'er. 'Twas harvest in the land ; 'Mid peaceful farms and piled sheaves, And clustering grapes, and autumn leaves, They leapt upon the strand To meet the foe they rushed ; On Alma's slopes they trod the vine— Earth drank the fiercely mingled wins From Death's red vintage crushed. Before her granite walls They came, and back her proud defiance hurled, And their brave boast rang through the world— "Oppression's stronghold falls !" The storied times of old With battle and with siege are rife, But this prolonged gigantic strife Mocks all that hath been told. Immortal fields of fight Those fiercely leagured walls surround— Each spot a bloody battle-ground, River, and vale, and height. There, on the plain below, Contending armies gazed and held their breath, While England's horsemen rode to death As for a martiai show. There, on our sleeping host, Through mist the foe's dark masses stole, Burst wave on wave, like thunder roll Of breakers on the coast. As mists before the sun Are scattered up the vale at morn, That day beheld them backward borne— And Inkermann was won ! And oft the silent night, With all her train of stars, would seem to flee, While flashed upon the dreaming sea Destruction's baleful light. Like suns to darkness hurled, With their first blaze the cannon's flash Flamed out, and there was crash on crash As of a rending world. Yes Freedom's hopes grew pale, As sunk the brave and quailed the bold ; For "who can stand before His cold " Who sendeth forth the hail ? And armies low were laid, And in the silent land, 'mid thronging ghosts, The leader met his vanished hosts, With him the strife who made. Leaders and legions gone, Fresh leaders and fresh legions rose; And hosts were slaughtered of the foes, And other hosts came on — For many a warlike horde, From fertile plains and northern snows, As far as Don and Wolga flows, To the doomed city poured. From wife and mother torn, The dull serf, rooted to his native soil, Is summoned from his sluggish toil, And to the war-fields borne. He fainteth by the way, Yet on the marching columns haste — Across the wide and withering waste Their trampling sinks away. As the young peasant dies He see his river gleam again, His low hut on the grassy plain Stands in his swimming eyes. Crimean vales along Tchernaia flowed — her icy lips unsealed, To her wild flowers, by wood and field, She sang her summer song. On plains of peace afar Ripened the grape and waved the grain, And it was harvest time again On fields unscathed by war. And, glimmering in the dawn Of autumn morn, Tchernaia flows A gentle river, between foes In battle order drawn. Soon on her banks the dead Lay heaped, and mangled corpses choked the stream No morning cloud reflected gleam Those mingling streaks of red. And thrice the foe advance, Across the bridge they charge— they fly ; Triumphs the hope of Italy With England and with France. Yet still the fortress frowned Defiance on the fierce attack, And hurled the bleeding columns back From towers iron bound. The death-gripe sterner grew, As tighter folds the deadly serpent twines ; Till, vaulting from the close-drawn lines, They storm her strength anew. A rush!— they reach the walls. Or through the wheeling deaths advance. Now glory to the flag of France! The mighty stronghold falls ! And darkness to the skies Beheld her roof forsaken flame And fires with suicidal aim From her proud decks arise. Cities whose power has fled, And from whom crowns and thrones have passed away, Yet a mild lustre in decay From their past glories shed. But not to thee belong Their glories— none of these are thine. Majestic learning, art divine, Immortal names and song— These, ere their sun went down, Shed o'er the world benignant rays — Thou but the lightning's lurid blaze— Thy Fall thy sole renown. —Scotsman. ISA. How St. Petersbtjbg was Founded.— London, Paris, Vienna, are large cities. Bnt their sira s a given term. Within, all is filled up, all cxpaniiouia prohibited. It is different with the resldenco of tha Czars. ' It is notorious that the empire ever strives to rrow larger, as its sovereign cannot live within given bounds. Twenty years ago, Pe' prsburg was at lent four miles smaller in periphery than it is now. Tho idea of continual expansion could not be satisfied with this. Latterly the kingdomhas grownlargar. Thebotomof the capital heaved, and the easily-moved barriers wero carried far out, in the hope that during tho next hundred years the empty spaces, whoso interminable limits they nowmirk, may probablrbj tilled up. Doyoufancyyou see before you a city ? You arc mistaken. Yon see five or six cities tacked 'together, each of independent growth and features, but suffering from a common cold and catarrh. But, before we commence our tour of inspec tion within tho city, let us first take a hurried glance at its early history. Imagine to yourself a sterile country in tho sixty -flrtt degree of latitude, deserted by every helping hand — a swamp from which even tha sea had re tired in disgust, many miles in width, covered with rcedi and forests. Seals and otters alone find food within it, and In turn rupport the inhabitants of two fUning &biaM; situated on aftroad majestic riverv-^Jiccpt these, tkite U no rational being there. No game crosses the manSf. unsteady soil. The forests arc sih nt.no birds twitter in their branches. A man, who had inherited millions of men, who obey him as hammers, spades, beams, and Btona do, enters this desert. He determines to build a fortress in the midst of this inaccessible morass, which shall defend him against the foe he dares not meet in the field. H« wills it ! Slaves, tioiv daru you not obey ? Ho flogs the whipping-tons. They twirl round him, and their de scendants laud the tops for being merry dancers. Ho lays the foundation-stone with more than a hundred thousand of Ms Muscovites, who lie buried in the swamp. But their groans are not buried. They still hover over the e»rth by day and night, and will not die away until the genius of humanity lajs them at rest. Tho forests furnished him their branchc?, and the empire its soil. On this substratum Peter ordered the nobility of his em pire to build palaces at their own expense. The Neva still Bowed through moor and forest, but now also through a ' :zaric city. Somoidea of this capital may bo formed from the house which Peter built for himself. Every :oachhouse or stable excels it in size and olevation. Op posite to it on the left side of the river, in tha- present rammer gardens, was the s mall stone honse in which tho imperial family resided when they deigned to quit Peter loff. Neither Peter nor his succcssoisthoughtof extending tho city furtherup therivcr, and s i escaping the dangerous nundatioiu. Apart from the severity with which PeUr Irove the inhabitants of Moscow and the provinces to hi* now settlement, the scat of govcrnmtnt was speedily po pulated in another fashion. Tho court, with the immenso suite attached to it; tbo govgrnmental departments, transplanted from Moscow, anu tho other authorities; tho guard of 10,000 men ; ty number of rich slave holders who were attracted/by advantages and love of pleasure; the greed of thcr^raders-all this collected in iiabitants. Tho lmnry wfhichthe magnates coald display also aidedi It coneistafa m si3VC.. The richer the nun was, they arirer his dg^gjti,; arrav of UTCs. One hundred vears ago, the guawg wa3 formed retotoly of nobles. If ? & company mounted puard it was fallowed by a band of m2unted ii^-«- According as luinr? cs,encd '! influence, thc7propricto f srf ^ased or lessened his fortune^ by buying, mMIdr wSSn^p. dtantaiiiR or lofing Jtocm at play. To these muS M added a(^ tity of foreigners, whom Peter and his A**'.5*? l^i* f?r to make I he court more European i-.jJ thw inhabitants of Petersburg moro human. Tte modeV^^Lj'*. finished, and even at the preso-.c day tho eonwsiwLp' tongues is perceptible. ' X'-, father, where lare tSP ' from? You g,i out h prMt deal— you nie «i»i$fe 'r^*\ rarement. — Recollection:' of Siuiia iv a e^»»-'» ^ x yobltman. . _ A Sunny Smz.— Sydney Smith said °d Lady Murray's rrother.whohadamost benevolent f?011 V terancs, that kr smile wes bo radiant, it would foSP* *»? 