MK. II. N. WARNER. This gentleman took liis farewell benefit at the Victoria Theatre on Saturday evening. Considering the state of the weather, there was a much larger attendance than could have been reasonably expected. To brave a South Australian dust-storm, and particularly such an one as swept over Adelaide on the day in question, for the purpose of "going to the plav," is to pay any actor a very high compliment, and that compliment was paid to Mr Warner. The performances consisted of tire well-known drama entitled Don Caesar de Bazan, and Shakspeare's comedy of Katharine and Petruehio, in the dmidrng characters of which Mr Warner and Mrs Clias. '^Poole w-ere very successful. They had the honour of being twice called before the curtain, amidst continued rounds of applause. In thanking the house for its pa tronage, Mr Warner said that that was positively the last time he should appear on the Adelaide boards, or on any other stage. At all events, he most heartily trusted that it would be so. But, whatever might be his future change in life, he should always carry with him a grateful sense of that kindness and approval for which he then for the last time returned the public of Adelaide his sincere acknowledgments. This brief speech, wliieli was delivered with much feeling, took us and the house, with whom Mr Warner has always been a favourite, with considerable surprise. For the sake of the profession of which lie is such a rising member, and for the sake of that fame which sooner or later, if he studies hard, must be his, we hope he will reconsider his judgment. The path of the aspirant for high-class histrionic honouis, we are aware, is beset with many and very troublesome thorns ; but the same may be said of every other avenue that leads to distinction, in literature, science, or art. There is only one thing in Mr Warner's style of acting that we disapprove of. Possessed of a full and most musical voice, the lowest notes of which are capable of being heard throughout a theatre, he occasionally twangs and strains it to an extent which almost reaches the threshold of discord. This is a fault ea.dly to be remedied. That Mr Warner can avoid it, was made abundantly clear in his persona tion of Hamlet—unquestionably his best performance. A distinguishing feature of his acting is the original in tellectual discrimination which he brings to bear in his analysis of the text of his author. As an example, amongst others which have more or less struck us, we would refer to one of liis conceptions, as shadowed forth in the ghost scene of the tragedy just referred to. f When, at the clo*c of that awful revelation which is to shake Hamlet's disposition with thoughts beyond the reaches of his soul,— "The glow-worm diows the matin to be near," and the visitor from the confines of the tomb, with that most pathetic of all farewells— " A<li■ u, adieu, adieu !. remember me," melts into ineoporeal air, the "traditional business" of the stage induces the actor to drop on one knee, and utter at once, the passionate exclamations which follow in the text. Mr Warner's " reading," however, was very different, and if original—as we have every reason to believe it was—would have done credit to a Kean, a Kcmble, or a Macready. Upon the dreaded platform, " 111 the dead waste and middle of the night," Hamlet is suddenly plunged into circumstances of supernatural horror — his eyes arc appalled by the appearance of his "father's spirit"—his cars are as sailed by a tale of murder and " damned incest," which makes his " Knotted and combined locks to part, And each particular hair to stand on end, Like quills upon the fretful porcupine"— his mind, which lias been stretched beyond its usual pitch and tone, is a.utated by the most painful suspicious; the "foul play" of his uncle passes befue his heated imagination with all the rapidity of a drama —every nei ve, muscle, and sinew are wrought up to the very highest point of tension—in this fearful state of excitement, the Ohust recedes and disappears. Hamlet vainly struggles to follow it, and it falls stunned and prostrate on the stage. .This was the "reading" of Mr Warner ; and, wc think, our readers will agree with us in classing it as a very fine one. In a com munity like ours where the sordid pursuits of gain obtain so large a preponderance over all others, any thing •-•which- is calculated to- elevate and ratine the public- ta.-Ae should ever be warmly encouraged. Be lieving the intellectual drama to have this tendency, we shall always he gltui to lend a helping hand towards those, who, like Mr Warner, in the true spirit of their art, endeavour to minister to tiic amusement and in struction of the people. Mr Warner has natural gifts of no common order. Let him cultivate the '* illness " that should attend ambition, and he may one day win I'.r himself a " name" in the profession he already shines so well in, and whi'-h no eannot believe he has entirely abandoned. At ail even's, be his earner what it may, lie has onr lxst wishes for his future suecess. 