METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From Hie Liverpool Albion, January 7.) London ought to be lively to-day ; but it is as gloomy as if every inhabitant within tho bill! of mortality had become a shareholder in thc General Comotbry Company, with a viow tc getting his coffin at first cost, and wanted it ir a hurry. We hoar of auriferous Australiar argosies, ricli enough to give an envious rheu mutism to the bones of old Anson, tlio galleor. specie seizer, arriving in the Downs; but thc monoy market does riot go up,' and it won't gc up, but will keep falling, and . tho more tall there is of the screw, tho loosor tho condition of things pecuniary becomos. Wo hoar of con- tinuous Cabinet Confabs at tho War-offico, thc Duke of Cambridge being present at thc Council to-day, but. the. palaver is all aboul peace, not about battle. We hear of ferrugl nous' armadas fitting out for the Baltic, witli ball enough on board to furnish a metalliferous paletot for the Arctic ,circle, and a pair'of, cast iron pantaloons for tho north polo ; but, in thc samo breath, wo are-told that Dundas-ha; hauled down, tho flag of this miraculous fleet, jarid nobody has yet run up anothor. Wo heal that Lord Palmerston is playing a perpetual knife and fork on tho round table of tho Court circlo at Windsor Castle ; but tho edge of his performance is as blunt as a rolling pin to, the obtuse public, who havn't tho least notion oí tho point ho is driving . at ; and in that par- ticular, probably, tlio noble lord isn't a whit sharper himsolf. Wo hoar all sorts of things, but wo hood nothing, for wo know nothing; only this, that thoso who undertake to : tell us everything, know considerably less than our- selves, which at least is creditable to. thoir capacity for ignorance Wo " hoar with cars," as Pistol says ; but tho report makbs no impression:-it is literally out of ono'oar into another ; and tho result is that John Bull is in a sort of wakeful doziness, or hypnotic alarm, highly favourable to tho spirit-rapping, mesme- rising, and table- turning experiments, a large number of profossórs of mystification, native and foreign, aro now practising upon hum In this absonco of anything défini to that is being done hore, your attention is requested to n de- finition of something indefinito that was döno elsewhere somo timo ago ; and which is worth whilo hoing considered on its own account, and because something of the same kind may occur boforo long again, for reasons to , bo rendered horcaftcr. A protontious work appoarcd yostorday, a largo octavo volume, which was expected to mako a noise, and .ought to do so, considering tho hubbub of thq, advertisements about it, en- titled Inside Sevastopol. Its chiof foaturo was announced as being a now, and tho only true, Version of tlio affair nt tho Rodan ; and certainly as now givon by tho author, (liunio, unknown,) who gathered it from various spectators of and participators in tho transaction, it wears an aspect tar moro ' discreditable than had ,beon suspected, evon after, tho first accounts, as to tho muddling in tito tronchos, refusal of officers' to lead and' of -men to bo lcd, and .all tho rest of it. Why thoso first accounts woro subsequently at- tempted to bo explained.away has never boon understood; but it would appear that they fell infinitely short of tho disgraceful reality, and that tho excusos offorod only,, docpon tho con-' tempt of the French for tlio authors of tho dis- aster and thoso who would extenuato it. Tho author ' is rather chary of giving names of pflicors incriminated, and ovon rogimonts prin- cipally obnoxious to consuro ho leaves blank ; but ho is minuto and circumstantial enough as to tho naturo of tho deplorablo blundering, nnd as to tho exhibition of a peculiar emotion that is happily rarely displayed by British soldiers in faco of an enemy. It would seem that thora is unontiro misconception in this country ns to tho character of tho assault on tho Redan. Tho work was oasily enough enrriod in tho first in stanco, thoro hoing oxecoding few Russians in it-not above thirty ! Thoir fire was very feeble ^ tho storming party, consisting of COO mon, ran ulong tho opon spaco easily enough, and with small loss, all tho talk about hoing mowed down wholosalo hoing moro balderdash, as applied to tho first part of tho operation, though truo onough as rogarded tho fatal finale. Entering tho Rodan was a fucilo opor.ition :-That dono, two divisions of tho supports woro marched out of tho trenches ; thoro was nothing to opposo thom :-oxcopt a fow dropping sliot3 insido, nil was silont as tho grave. VVhon, howovor, thoy got half-way between tho tronchos and tlio Rus- sian work, a panic scorned to s'oizo thom. Thoy did not run away, but stood still. ' " Wo saw," says ono of tho author's military -infofriuintq, (himsolf an officor,) describing tho oóé.ürronco on tho spot, " wo saw thoir ollicors iryiiig to oxclto thom, by voice and gesture,- to - ad- vance Somo ovon , took hold . t>f thoir coats, nnd tried to start thom, as yojt1 .'would, to start a jibbing horso. It was nU'iiuvain ; thoy would not move Tho mon.who wore insido "oallod to thom to como on¡::and' told thom thoro wrs no ono thoro; but/it was no uso ; they stood still. Meanwhile,-: -Wyndham could not got his COO mon to .charge ! had they done so, tho Russians woro in 'sucli.stimU terco, that oven with that inconsidqrnujo body of troops, ho would havo drivon .thorn -down the hill, mid found timo to turn tho'guns cityward. As to spiking tho guns, ho did'rio't want to do that; ho wanted thom to defend .'his position. Tho momout of victory .passed-away. Tho Russian supports carno up in vast ntimbors: instead of finding ß.OOO Englishmen oil tho top of tho hill, protected by tho Russian guns, now turned upon thoir formol' owners, tlio Russians found only tho (500 who had first got in, and thoso engaged in desultory sharpshooting with tho scanty garrison' whielQ)¿íkbd among tho traversas.. Tho frosh army of onoiulos did wliat i wo ought to . havo dona j thoy ehargod iwith tho bayonet, drovo tho romnant of our Í500 towards tho pnrapot, rind' recovered tho guns. Thoso woro now turned with murder- ous oitbot on tho poor punlo-striokon devils who woro standing irresoluto between tho .tronchos and tho fort. Thoy turnod round and ran buck Into tho tronchen, already full of tho mon- wlio woro to havo supported thom. After this tho confusión wits hopeless. lloglinontH got ali mixed together, anil no ofiicor gould find bis men, or men their officer. It was then, that Wyndham said « Send me no more men, unless you, can 3end an army forth officered and disciplined.' The few brave Struggling parties tliat came out were only a useless sacrifice of tho good men. Then tho sbo.t and sholl carno over into tho crowded tronchos; and tho poor innocent babies, who didn't know a bayonet from a muakot, and woro no moro fit to act soldiers than parsons, woro cut up by balls and splinters, and wcro got out as quickly as possiblo." This " real history of tho attack upon the. Rodan" is not by a Doctor Dovaga or. Colonel! Tal. Schaffner, or any other, philo-Muscovic Anglo-Phobist, whether of Cottonopolis or Philadelphia; but by a pártizan of tho wai', very jealous of the military honour of England, extromely sensitive to such criticism as tho writer of tho remarkable lotter signed " ViátoiV in, this day's loading journal, shows, is bocom- ing most uncomfortably frequent at tho expense of tho British Lion on tho part of our gallant Allies. ¿ This volume explains, , for tho first, time, ut, least -ftp tho ; public, ear, why our; Allies havo been so censorious as.to tho Redan, and why it has roquired strong official intor foi'once from imperial quarters to prevent that censure, being a good. deal moro marked and dangerous than happily it has yet becomo. Tender topic this; to. touch upon, but ono re-, nmrkably inviting nevertheless, as , improper tilings sp generally are. ; Contrary to the im-, pression universally prevalent hero, tho attack on tho Rodan was in no .way a feint, oxeppt in. tho bitter pleasantry of tho faint-heartedness that distinguished it. So far from its hoing in- tended for " a diversion of tho Russians while the.French assailed tho ; Malakhoff," it was an integral part and parcel of the, same operation, and essential to its completion. Becauso tho attack on,tho Rodan failed, and failed so igno- miniously, tho capture, of tho Malakhoff led morely to tho possession of tho " blood-stained ruins" of South Sevastopol, which cannPt even bo ,rotainod bocauso of-..tho dominating firo, of tho north forts ; who.roas, had tho English suc- ceeded, tho wholo garrison must havo laid dow» thoir arms, pr.boon destroyed:-thoro was no possibility pf escapo. This is shown in tho ! volumo clearly to bo tho case ; but it is not so shown by any ex post facto evidence. It ap- pears rit was well understood at tho timo, en- tered into Polissior's calculations, and his ar- rangements woro planned in accordanco with tho supposition that tho Redan vyould bo carried. So entirely was this tho casb that tho Marshal, who, from his position nt tho Malak- hoff, could seo. pur repulse at tho Redan, no sooner observed .tho Russians bogin to rotroat across tho harbour, than he sent word to that effect to Sinipsón, clearly an invitation, if not a goad, to^the renewal of tho assault. But Simpson was . too intent on his toothacho, or .lumbago, o'r tic- doulouroux, or chilblains, or chickonpock; or whatever-to-bo-coddled . com- plaint was tho matter with him ; and remained deaf as a gurnctvto tho summons. Gortscha koff got oif, and wo all know what has como on Vinco. The author assuros us that not only is this tho conviction of every British officer com- petent to form and candid enough to express, an opinion, but ho adds :- "I havo spoken to; at least'twonty Frenchmen on tho samo subject.; Tiley will subscribo to any thoory, and join in any compliment to tho British arms ; they will ¡ oven politoly doploro tho freedom with which; our gonbrhls aro criticized by our press ; but they aro'always faithful to two impressions; first, that thoro wore great faults committed on tho 8th of September ; and, secondly, that if tho Rodan wera taken simultaneously with tho Malakhoff, tho Russian army must have capi- tulated or boon destroyed." j In roforonco-to press criticism on tho gono rals, ono of tho most agreeable chapters of Imula Sevastopol portains to tho outsido-? probably by way of national offering to tho subject of it-Mr. Russell, tho historiographer of tho war; and tho compliment becomos still moro Hibernian from tho fact pf that gontloman never having boon soon at all by the other gon- tloman, who has no name of his own, nnd yet describes all about tho invisiblo human object. Writing on tho 12th, four days aftor tho torriblo Ibusinoss just spoken of, tho Anonymous sets forth to hnvo a coup d'tcil of thc wholo pano- rama, and having nscondoda declivity, discourses thus :-" Nothing could bo moro calm and pla- cid and softly beautiful than tho aspect of that broad plain, as tho oyo ranged to and fro over its glancing white tents, and marked it as it soomod to sloop in tho first boams of tho opon ing day. Tho solid strength of tho war lay rolled out at our feet, and lookod Uko an imago of pastoral peace. Closo by whoro wo stood was a stable containing thro o horses, ono of which a groom was assiduously rubbing down ; and behind us was a neat iron cottage, with windows and door all snugly closed. A tcle scopo-stand stood near tho door, in a position which swept tho wholo of tho extensivo tract of country commanded from this spot. This was Ru s s ol l's lint-a situation admirably choson. It is henco that, Uko Pericles, ho thundors and Tightens and confounds, not all G rocco, but all Europe It is hence that ho reflects, as by a photograph, tho actions of tho army, and catches and transplants into tho English mind ;tho public opinion which ho obtains among Its 'officers."' Aftor boaring testimony to tho fido (lity, as vouched for by many ilifi'oront judges, of tho account of tho battlo of Tchornayn, tho journal containing it nrriving during tho courso of inspection roforrod to, tho author says : -"My oxporionco is, that, although many do it grudgingly, thoro is not a British oillcor who passed tljo wintor of 186-1 in tho Crimea, who ijpos riöti'beliovo that to thoso lottors wo owo that ;tho English army was not annihilalod before' Sevastopol." This tributo, which tho wliolP'British race who aro uninfoctod.with tho soàrloVfpvér pf "tod tapo will ratify, is tho moro vnhiablo asi hoing entirely froo from porsonal blas,, inasmuch 113 Rusuqll, who had boon up all night; writing, and was thon In bod during this'cuU; .was not, as already stated, soon by ouivauthpi' nil tho timo of his, sojourn in tho Crimen, was a completo strangor to him thou, and has ronihinod so since ' Whou.Russoll comos homo it is to ho hopod ho will stay af homo "on urgent prlvato busi- ness"-of tho public's. Thoro will bono moro Almas, Inkormanne, Balaklavas, or Tchor nayns ; nil tho romalnlng fighting now will bo shufillng, and dodging, pursuant, to ordors por tplograph; ami why should hobo its historian? Any constituency .that wlshos to draw " tho oyes of Europo" in a particular olootral dlroo Mon would do woll to havo a requisition ready, oven If ho shouldn't accedo to it, whloh of coursa ho won't. For such a writer Roadtng would perhaps ho tho most bocoming borough, ospoalally U3 lt pi'asonts tho topographical ad- vantago of proximity to that other tromondntis literary tomahawk, Lrtynrd, who. has httoly roturnod from tho East again, brimful of brim- I atono touching British mlsmunagoniont lit that ! quarter. Ono of his latests " cases" is said t bc tliat, whereas the army hadn't a handful c charcoal per company last year, they have noi somewhere about a ton per man, by wayo arriving at a reasonable average on the tw years, by the Paninurean rule of upside down There is reputed to' bo enough charcoal in th British quarters at tho present moment to cn able tito amateuring theatricals to play Masa niello for five years without ever loaving off, o at least to keop Vesuvius, in tho last act, in ful play, and that's tho chief feature of tho perform ance:-you may get spoutors anywhere.; bu volcanoes vomiting lire on a largo scale are species of salamander not to bo produced ira promptu everywhere. Such is tho overpowoi ing profusion of this pyroligrióóus conunodit; that on tile arrival of another, cargo, a shor time ago, tho ghost of poor old sulphut tongued Boxer seemed suddenly to'tako possos sion of tho corpus of, Iiis 'gonerally. delicately spoken successor, the present harbourmaster o Balaklava, who roared out orders to take th; charcoal straight to a placo unmentionable ti oars polite, for thoro, and thoro only could sud quantities be used without the cortainty o suffocating the inhabitants. Whether tin captain was.'of opinion that his manifest woulc cloar him to such o,.; destination \ is question able ; but the story. ruii3 that ho novor eas anchor in Balaklava, hut steered out, and mad< a certain overboard contribution that ought o convert tho Euxino into a Black Soa, as offee tually as- if fifty million of niggers had' boot boiled thoroin. .Tales of this kind aro.likely to lose rioiio of their original length, breadth or thickness in tho keeping of Layafd, who ii understood to havo soma yarns of tho dimen sions of tlio sea-serpent. at tho service of tin Administrative Reformers, if, indeed,' these gentry bo not as apocryphal as tho groat marine snake itself. The momber for Nineveh, how over, is again likely to provo himsolf worthy o being a subject of the present King of Sardi nia's father, whom tho Genoese used to call Re Tentenna-King Skilly Shally. Ho will nut; lio won't; ho is full of fury about tho surrondci of Kars, ready to provo official credulity anel connivance perfidy and insanity, all tho crimes in tho Newgate Calendar, all tho follies ir Forbes Winslow's catalogue of- psychological imbecilities, against anybody and everybody But then conies tho question, is ho loss roadj than ho was last year to provo his sense o having the honour to bo tho very humble ant obedient servant of his noblo friend at the head of tho Government, and of tho colleague! or accomplices of that noblo friend everywhere from Berlin to Belgravia, nnd from Constant! noplo to Copenhagen, if not still farthci north? Thoro is tho difficulty, and who shall decidejit? Iufirmity of purpose was his greal failing, and some of his friends say it will be now greater than ever, as tho stato of partios ii moro complex, the affinities of tho Pcolitcs foi certain of tho Dorbyites moro potent, and the real animus of tho bollicoso brawlers amone, tho Palmerston Tapory and Tadpolcry opon tc heavier suspicion ovory hour that passos by Ho would bo a decided catch for any party, ant1 all parties will continúo long to anglo for him, oven after ho may seem to havo been hooked by somo party in particular. It is hard to say who is tlio adroitest of those fishers' of mein just now. The mombor foi Bucks has, socmingly loft off his basiliskisli accomplishment of fascinating all who come within tho glaro of that nocromatic optic of his. Ho appoars to bo gotting woury of tlio leader- ship of a head who openly adhere to him, bul secretly follow the guidanco of an illustrious obscurity, Sir R. Vyvyan, who is socmingly coming to lifo again after having bcon long buriod, and forgotten; This has boon almost over sinco tho first inroads on tho tariff, when the Cornish baronet precoded Disraeli by some four years in assailing Peol as a traitor to Pro- tection, tho " gentleman of Eastern origin," ns Tyrrell calls Benjamin, being thon by no means hostile to Sir Robert's reforms. What thoro is in Vyvyan to give him at any time an equality with Disraeli in tho eyes of any man it would be difficult to discover, more particularly at a time like this, when tho genius of Alroy him- self is scarcely adequate to preserve tho territo- rial aristocracy from dissolution, through abso lute mental inanition. Howevcr, so it is, and tho Cornish man gives himself airs, and cries " fee-faw-fum," in tho manner of tho overgrown gcntleman in Jack tho Giant Killer; and num- bers at tho Tory clubs measure him by his own standard, which is stupendous. It is rather remarkable that Cornwall was always impartial to Disraeli, perhaps because of his destitution in thoso metalliferous attributes peculiar to that tin-abounding county. Tlio neighbouring shire of Somerset, too, caught tho anti-money animus towards tho thou Cashless Judean ; for of all places in his Parliamentary applications where he was most upbraided Taunton was tho spot. Of this his victorious hustings compe- titor, Labouchoro, retains a vorv lively vocolloc tion ; and novor roplios to tho right honourable loador of tho lauded gentry, of England without thinking of tho lackland lad whom ho routoel so derisively in tho little remoto southorn English county town twonty years ago, whon all that tho hoad whioh afterwards carriod tho brains of tho Derby Cabinot had to boast of was its King Charles' poodlo curls, now, alack, de- parting fast, as if tristfully .testifying to tho boars' groaso famine produced by tho war. Perhaps tho promotion of no Whig to high olfico could bo moro olTcnslvo to him than that of Labouchoro to tho Colonies; for thoro is always somothing so particularly insolont in tho boaring of tlio latter to tho former as to be quito ludicrous to thoso who ostimato tho two mon by thoir relativo inlolloctual enpaoity and Parliamentary status ; whilo lt also suggests that thoro must bo somo sooret reason for tho assumption of so vory niocliocro a person as tlio now official towards tho most formidable puis- sance ovor known in dolíate. Bo this as it may Labouchero's prosonco In tho. Cabinet is hold to bo a comploto antidoto to any possibility of coalition from among tho Dorbyites ; for tho ostensible alloglanco of tho lattor to Disraeli, ovon supposing thoy privately sido with Vyvyan, would bo fatal to any such arrangement.' Doubt- less Palmerston knows this-what doosn't ho know?-and honco mayhap this move, to spoil tho sport of tl Ivors of tho bucollios whom his overture to Stanloy had nut upon Hm amalga- mation soont with oxeooriing koonnossl In faut thoro is now no moro likelihood of tho ministry hoing jolnotl hy a Tory than thoro is of hoing by Bright himsolf. . Spoaklng of John, wo should, ero this, havo said that that rospootod proprietor of Ono Ash, Rochdalo, will find, nnd bo sure to make uso of, In tho volumo already- ntlvertod to, a magazine i of combustibles sufficient to blow up tho wholo Treasury bondi, pmtlonlorly Panmure, in whoso denso stolidity reposo tho contra of gra- vity, if i'iot thu- vi» iuortlro of tlio entire Ministry. Others may also find in it soma! things not particularly pleasant to John, ns for instance, the refusal of certain Quaker ladies to ?assist in Miss Nightingale's Scutari nursery be- cause of tho presence of Roman Catholic Sisters of Charity. Rather odd that there should bo suck intolerance from such a quarter, at a time Uko this, when toleration is becoming actually in. tolerable in quarters hitherto most intolerant For instance, to-morrow, Cardinal Wiseman has a grand histrionicö- ecclosiastical entertain mont at Moorfields ; and ono of tho principal features is-what do. you suppose? Why a porformanco by the piano-forto player to tho Brother of tho' Sun, Cousin of tho Moon Uncle of tho Morning Star, Caliph of Constan! tinoplo, Commander of the Faithful, Head ot Mahommedanism, Abdul-Modjid, Grand Seig nibr, may his shadow never bo loss, which it can't well'bo, for, according tb the last account he wasn't as fat as a moderately corpulent knitting- noodle. . Only fancy tho Viccgoront ' bf tho Prophet permitting ono of his servants to contribute to a ceremonial for tho Pope ; and further fancy a Cardinal, and that Cardinal Wiseman of all others, advertising that, fact as an item of allurement to draw an audienco ia Protestant England !: Surely, surely, Dr. Cumming, great a goose as hq is in cackling about Rpme, must be in tho right when ho says tho world will como to an end in 1850; although ns ho has just taken a . lease of his own houso till 1897, it may be assumed that ho ¡3 going to exemplify tho doctrine of tonant-rigkt under peculiar circumstances, becauso, as thoro will bb no landlord, it will bo rathor difficult to pay tho rent, saying nothing about incomo tar. On second thoughts, however, there is nothing so very surprising in the now harmony botweon tho Pope and tho Sultan in tho matter of music. Wo all know tho old identity of tasto in tho manufacture of Velleutified proficients irt caterwauling, as chronicled in tho fourth canto pf that not-to-bc-sung song which banishod tho bard's bust from Westminster Abbey, per order of tho lato Archbishop bf Canterbury, who has boen recently posthumously pulverized on that account by tho Right Honorable Lord Broughton, Cam Hobhouse, onco known ia Covent Garden market and tho Kybor Pass, and Iiis memory saluted with Uko grootings in either place. . Passing from poots most profane to rhymes most respectable, wo como to that poor of many patronymics, Lovo'jon Gower Francis Egerton, Earl bf Ellesmere, who figuros this week in a sumptuous gilt lettered red-bneked four and twenty shilling quarto, all of tho oldon time ; with " rivulet ol' typo meandering through a meadow of margin," as if monoy wcro no bbjoot, which of courso it isn't, to tho Plut- ocratic patrician author, and as if ho thought it were as small a consideration to tho plebeian public, wherein ho may bo but of his reckon- ing. Tho volume consists of an amended ver- sified narrativo, in tho Childe Harold measure and manner, of his lordship's yachtcruisoa 'couplo of years ago, which ho calls tho Pilgrimage, Jorusalom being tho staplo of tho strain, together with sovcral now poems, where- of, ho says, "Bluebeard, or Dangerous Curi- osity and Justifiable Homicido, a Tragedy," ¡3 tho most important, adding, "it. has never boon acted without applause, and onco had a run of five nights on a privato- stago in tho United States," having been originally played, at his lordship's palatial residence at Oatlands, a few yoars back. And a very ploasant tragedy it is, tho sátiro perhaps a littlo too piquant theso ticklish times, seeing that it has rather too palpable reference, at least in tho "pre- liminary discourso," to thoso peculiar views lils lordship entertained when, Uko a real Blue board, ho frightened tho wits out of tho Metro- politan nursery maids and sovoral country editors with tho vision of tho French Chasseurs riding in at ono end of London and tho Lifo Guards flying out at tho other. Tho MS. of tho tragody is roproscntcd as " havingboon translated from tho French of M. Fouillo Yicllicrio's, . Paris, 1870, and to havo boon discovered by tho workmen in laying tho foundations of tho now pallico of tho prefecture of "Westminster, for tho erection of which an extraordi- nary audit was latoly grantod by tho department of public works for tho Anglo Saxon dependencies of tho French repub- lic. The sito chosen for this edifico included tho ruins of Bridgewater Houso, formerly tho residence of tho Egerton family ; and among other interesting relics found in theso ruins, tho result of tho bombardment of 18-, this pathetic drama was brought to light." Peri- lous merriment this, just now, most worthy lord: especially considering how intensely ear- nest you woro iii getting up tho very hobgoblin you now ask us to laugh at as a scoopod turnip on tho top of a broomstick rollod up in a tabb cloth. Tho same vein is pursued at considera- ble length, and with groat success, though thoro aro portions of it whore tho personal jocu- larity may shortly bo mado to boar a very, gravo significance indeed. Thus, in speaking of tho place woro tho play was first actod, it is said, " This houso of Oatlands, now tho sta-, lion of tho Gcnsdnmiorio of tho Fifth Arron- dissement of tho Isis Inforiouro, wns a rosidonco of tho Anglo- Saxon tyrants under sovcral dynastios. Tho Egortons wero well known as sycophants of tho English court, and it is probab'lo that tho pioco was acted by thom boforo tho court itself or its minions.", Now, considering tho number of poer ages in this family acqulrod by gross; opon vulgar pal pablo cash . in linnd;; looking at certain wills, whoroln vast fortunos aro boquonthed, as in tho instnnco of tho Earl of Bridgewater to tho lato Lord Alford, on tho express condition that ono member of tho. family shall acquiro a higher tltlo than tho, othor, thus stimulating all to soil thomsolves to tlie Minister for the timo hoing, branding thom as lils goods and cha.ttols If thoy aro worth ,tlio acquisition ; looking also to tho lato Duko of Brldgowator's will and Lord Egor ton's own earldom in connection thorowlth ; bearing in mind tho tttlo-jobbing doxtorlty of his father, tho Into Marquis of Stafford; who gota duke- dom ; and recollecting, moroovor, divors other romoto and modem nssoointions of tho clan, it would havo boon just ns woll had thonoblo Earl, left othor pooplo to find, materials for qulzzcry in tho " Egorton, hoing woll known soyooplmnts. of tho English court." Porhnps ho may shortly ; hoar a littlo moro of this than ho bnrgalnod for but of that horoaftor. Enough, for tho prosont to Bay that " Bluo Board" is a really admirable handful of comicality,' and your 'Manager. Copolnnd, would find lt an oxcollont Easter ploco of tho Vostrls ordor; so ho would also another dramatic trillo,' à la Planché, In tho volunio. ontltlod , "Alfrod." Of courso tho noble Earl would glvo tho right of representa- tion gratuitously j but as-j-our lassoo, lt ls to bohopotl, ls too Ilhorn* minded to mnko uso of stich valuahlo matter for nothing, lid can address n choquait'Uhr amount tg tho author of tho-hint. 