THE BISHOP OF CALCUTTA ON THE ERRORS OF THIE DAY... We have been requested to give inser tlon to the following extract from the Record, March 6 : SThe Venerable Metropolitan of India has aust visited Madras, where he presided at the Annual Mooting bf the branch Colonial Church and School Society. We find in his address a valuable testimony on various important points. Our readers will be glad to have the words of such a ibaster in Israel, as reported In the Madras Athenaum : ' "Popery isPharnseoism gilded over and clad in a new dress. I do not want wantthe decrees of the Council of Trent. I do not want popery. I do not want to stand up to make apologies for Rome; rbellevo that every apology made for the Mother of Harlots has a tendency to Rome. I have always said this t I said so in a Chargoe delivered four years ago. I pointed out the ease of Henry Wilberforce, and showed what the tendency of his views was, though at that time he was In our 'church ; and where is he now ? Where is his brother now ? They are both in the gulf of Romanism. But while I am not the apologist of Rome, I am equally far from being the advocate of the Neology of the present day.' I am no follower of Mr. Maurice nor of his party s while God gives me life I stand forth as the friend of Christ. I will fol. low Christ i and neither the philosophy of the one party nor the superstitions of the other will ever load me to give Him'up. I am equally far frmm hein gthefrisndofseyism. I do not hold baptismal regeneration ; I love our bap tismal form, and I love the beautiful prayer wich is offered up to God on .the - occasion, but why should I hold, tith every child that is baptised does necessarily receive the answer of thatc prayer . Regeneration is the work of the Holy Ghost, and where He is given, there will be seon"the result in sanctification, and comfort, and purity, and lovOe,and power ; but where that gift Is not bestowed the rite can never effect the vital change by any inherent power of its own. And then as to the Sacra ment of the Lord's Sapper Do I believe that any transmutation takes place so as to change what was bread and wine into the body and blood of sy Saviour ? No. I believe they represent the body and blood of our Lord, and that the man that partakes of them in falth; by that faith has.communion with the Lord in spirit, and spiritually eats the. flesh ni d drinks the blood of Clirlst. I deslireto express my self clearly and strongly on these points, with the hope of confirming your minds in the truth of the Gospel. And now I most confess the onspeakable pleasure it, affords me to see how; heartily you are trying to advance the interests of the Gospel in this diocese. Madras is before Calcutta in this respect; you have been long an example to other places ; I wish I could get them to imitate you In Calcutta. You have long and well supported'tho various Societies which are intended to diffaso the Gospel. Yen have supported the Bible Society; I am now fifty-five years connected with it, and I love it still. I also love the Church Missionary So ciety, and the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. But I do not love this last society as much as the Church Missionary' Society. It is not so decided in its principles, nor so careful in the selection of man. It is so in your diocese fortunately. IIer it acts on right principleo, and with the right men, but it Is not so In other places. The Church Mis sionary Society set out on the principle of em ploying the right 'men, with right views-men who have felt the power of God's truth them selves-and they never departed from this rule when it was possible to carry it out. I am de lighted to fiOnd, too, that you have the Colonial Church Society at work here. It has also been' carrying on its operations In Calcutta. I have two excellent man at work there in connexion with this society. But in this ns in other things, woe are behind you." .: The report of the Society's operations in Madras was then read, and, atar addresses by several speakers, tile proceedings terminated. 