Bttbtos's Cibccs. — The perfdrnlariees at this interesting place of amusement were witnessed last evening by a large and respectablo audience, and, as nmil ellcifvd mneh auDrobation. The drawing-room games were well gone through; and Master Bartons feats of agility as a voltigeur were surprising. The per formances of the dog Neptune were received with rounds of applause. We did not think the finale, the Ghost of the Village, altogether equal to the other parts of the entertainment; but it pleased the juveniles, and per haps formed a proper feature in an evening's amusement where all were to be pleased. Fbattd o-' IsiPOETEES.-^eVeral packages, purporting to contain boots and Bhoes, have been im ported into Adelaide, which, on being' opened, were found to contain ashes, broken glass, and other rubbish. The goods were ail from the same London house, although imported by different Adelaide merchants, among whom, we are informed, are Messrs. Solomon, Marks, and Peacock. It is Supposed that the fraud was committed by the packers, COEBT-HOTTSE, POET ADELAIDE. — Dr. Chambers, Dr. Duncan, and Mr. Tolmer presided yester day at the Port at a, Local Court of Full Jurisdiction, aud were detained on the bench ti!l a late hoar by several causes, civil and crimiual ; but as it was imprac ticable for the reporters of the daily journals, owing to a want of any accommodation whatever, to take notes of the proceedings, theywera obliged to leave tha Court House without doing so. When it became a practice of the daily papers to have a reporter in attendance at this Coart-House, they represented frequently to the pre siding Magistrate the inconvenience which attended the performance of their duties, as they were frequently oblisred to take their not?s without a desk, and occa sionally even without a seat. The Couit-Honse itself, or rather the room in which the Court sits, is incon veniently small, its measurement not exceeding IS bj 16 feet, and fully half. of this space is taken up with the bench, the Clerk's desk, solicitor's seats, and the dock, which is unnecessarily large. For the accommodation of the legal gentlemen there ia at each side of the Clerk's desk a small board, and when one practitioner is engaged at each side there is no room for another; and no accommodation for the reporter better than the chance of a seat on a form provided for the use of the public. After the reporters directed the Stipen diary Magistrate's attention, by letter, to the subject, that gentleman, we believe, communicated with the Government on the subject, and recommended that the needful improvements should be effected. But, though nearly twelve months have elapsed since their formal application was made, nothing yet has been done, and hence we cannot furnish our readers this day -with a report of yesterday's proceedings. CoinnTTAi poe Teial. — Charles Hale, late Clerk of the District Council of Talunga, was brought to town on Wednesday night in custody of a trooper, com mitted for trial at the .bocal Court of Mount Barker for obtaining goods and money from a shopkeeper named WUhelm Graf by means of a cheque on the Bank of South Australia, in which he had no funds. Local Cofbt. Adelaide. — We have been requested to call attention to the fact that this Court holds its sittings at 10 o'clock in the morning of Court day, whether the Court be pf limited or full jurisdiction. Several cases were struck off the list yesterday morning in consequence of the absence of the perrons con cerned. 