!! , THEATRICAL CRITICISM. ' To ihh Editor, of the TqsmdnidiiDaily News. \- Sin,— What is the matter .with your theatrical critie-? ! Time was when I perused, the dramatic and : musical criticisms in the Daily News with consider able 'cujoynieiit.'' They were - genehtlly intelligent and disuriniiriatipgAfilways; ot least, grammatically correct. ; : What then can he mean by perpetrating such : a sentence as this, which I perceive in tlie liptico of tho Bnokus Minstrels in to-day's paper — ; " The Pliatitom Chorus, although.. we have heard ' it-performed on -several occasions, was never better so." ' '' I / V; ; . . TiLtho lli-st plano liow should his having hoard it performed on several occasions affect -it for', "better- or wprse,;":; and in the 'second.- place, to what, in tlie naiijoi of ,hll ! that is relevant,: does, the " so" refer.? ;. A duplicate " so " might indicate "with truth tlie oliaraoter of tin: paragraph. :- - : ' : /'Then ogain-j-!' ! -,, - -- In Sweep/oh, Refrain, Mr, S! C. Campbell (hot- witbstaudiiig labouring under severe indisposition), deh'gbted find'su'torised tbe'uudiehce with his ' initia tions. of ;the Tyroleaii warblers, which requires, &C.;'1 . : i - .' ,. : ;; '"'Sweep, oli, refrain I"- They requires, does they ? Shade of Lindley! Murray 1 If -you rest after; that, what an .eVen-tempered/bld ghost you must bc.i ; v.' -'.Your critie goes ou to nfiiriii — _ " It wafi iuost .rnpturously ' received and encored, in which \ve perceived Miss" Hayes to join." Iain glad he " perceived Mi'ss. Hayes to join! in which,'.' althougli in wliieli, reinairis donbtfiil.'. ; ! . " Tlie Banjo duet, between Jerry Bryant and Mr. Morgfiii, elicited great apjilfiiise. . " ! . ' . - - Who sang the duet between Jerry- (oli I) Bryant and Air. Morgan.? ! . ; - i ' " Mr. Biokus' imitations were, so . to speak, ini- :uiitabl6.": , i . .'Jit .iR'ffiiiQ.iJ Supposing he'did not speak " so," how were they then ? / / A;:'" . But I can go lio farther. . I may just allude to Mr. Neil Bryant, who is said to have "unlimited command" of a flutina! Bah! The man plays prettily enough on a paltry instrument. If I had "unlimited command" of a flutina, I should burn it immediately. I riiust,;ih conclusion, eongratulate ydu 'in pos- sessing.'an independent critio, — independent alike of coinmon scnse and English grammar. : I remain, .Sir,'. / / .. Your'ohedient servant. .! ALEXANDER WELLSBURTON. We are glad that our correspondent has enabled its' to inform tlie public Low- so absurd a critique, as that to which he alludes, crept into our columns. A gentleman; who has no connection witli the literary staff of tliis paper, asked, as a favour, that lie might be permitted to review the very pleasing perform ances nf the Backus Minstrels upon Friday night.. We acceded to his request on the express stipulation that his rejtort must be first laid upon our table. That condition was not aomplied with;- unit in- consequence this extraordinary .fanfiirronade was published. We consider tliisexplnufition'nnly due- to the geiitleiniiu who has furnished us Uitlicrto, with such able lnnsical critiques, and only just to the- Backus Minstrels, whose reputation suolt indto- criminate /and . strangely wonlctl applause is Uv r means calcnlated to enhance,' —ED. T,. D. N. 