CUEIGRFULNESS. Tnut moral and physical advantages of a cheer ful state of mind are fully appreciated, probably but by few. In theo bright sunlight of prosperity, when friends smile, business flourishes, and vigor ous health sends the warm blood leaping along our veins, then it is floating on the smoothly gliding current to be cheerful-it requires no effort. But let frietids prove faithless, let riches take wings, let health depart, and then the man who m:intains a cheerful equanimity of spirit proves his cheerfulnsess to be the result of set tled principle and conscious rectitude. Such a man exhibits all the philosopher, and very much of the Christian. A moping melancholy is alike incompatible with interest, reason and religion. It drinks up the spirit and drives to wretchedness and oven madness, it sours the temper and imparts its baneful contagion though tile circle in which it moves i it undermines the foundation of health and life, and stands prematurely many a shivering ghost to tile spirit land. And what good is guined by It gloomy sad ness of spirit ? Has a friend proved trencher ous ? Why should you allow his perlidy to destroy your peace ? You are in a better con dition than you ever were before, for now you are undeceived, and tile rottenness is unveiled which before was hidden and therefore capable of injuring you. Is property lost ? what of that ? A manly fortitude and cheerful spirit will sustain you, and either carry you up to your former condi , tion or render you happy in your present one. If you have acted honestly and honorably, hold up your ihead like a man : you are worth as much as ever, and if you net out under try ing circumstances the man and thle philosopher, your real worth will be more clearly seen, and more fully appreciated by the wise and good than it was in prosperity. Away with cow ardly moping and dispirited melancholy ; shame on nil mean thoughts of cords, and razors, and mill-ponds as a remedy for little trials, such as the loss of a few thousands, which it was better to laugll at than mope over. Thie world owes tile hoilest, industrious man a subsistence, and such a man's drafts she seldom dishonors. Have you lost health ? Desp'ondenby will but make the matter worse. It predisposes to disease even in the healthy and gives food and power to disease in the invalid. Physicians will tell you that a cheerfill man is not half so liable to disease as one of opposite character, and is much alore easily cured when dlisease does take hold of him. Cheerfulness of spirit whether as preventative of disease or auxiliary to cure, is better than all the nostrums and pa naceas that can be applied. A manl with a good conscience and a ratioiial confidence.in the providence of his Maker, has no right to bb gloomy. Act well your part then ; be firm, be cheerfil, and you will be healthier dind happier, and will live longer. And then. when your final end shall come, cheered by a confidence int God, and iuoyaut with a lively hope, yeou will have nothing to do, but peace fully die like a philosopher, and go to heaven liltk a christian. 