SEEN" THREW Fillies. , Ostiv rest in ii -m , mr g in a semi umisBili tjinMi'oni" b their season is in my I ask 1 dr on it Mrs O ib i P, late g at once dull din and 'isLustl l The tin is in saving. of in of di i idea p Feb late is one with a frightful hood 11 e v e li j te ( rep re rule me at d not so much for the did one of the m r) e o n nts, as to pr v is the biting sarcasms of drunken bullock drivers or to h with the engines were of h tin show ring ntr c blacken rk), I have been so the least tried very decide M5 met, on the first occasion when, with a car in son) desperation I set out after a home I breaker, is in ('a } bound, for the Redtvpe Olli of an 1 11 h" s ci m insane (and the it he is, indeed, a o k 3,), is 1 returned therefrom after six Hours of wears me to be fed as to the careful less domicile of mv ibiveme move 1 landlady in Pitt street 1 mine temp r under such trials is naturally prone to b m h r i is'gretnh'y has c d, and thus I pass in g m'! h out of the window the iii rink v t. t yet of i I of the a in j, li id e- r I s i i h i 11 to his ' it is t t el i 1 a s s i vi g w in on i t t i v i t for the rest of the cv in II v e type vi v 11 to i i n v (i w" Y i sin V e r a t e s e e r r a a a more el motors etc the life of the and q i i hairs I was ivicH i it I am not miss, oh s Lily d A ' s, is n s i di a a a in the li i j. r n in ' I may not 1 to ( Oh there hum it ci and fry s sub b wall in my oz -i I r is a real 'v are is nil) For the c ing v HE it and ("here we get her in her i vi 1 n ) " 'j es at in the Wh I 3 v 14 in the r t i -or set on it a i he was 1 / ng beat 'j n I r s f i i line s n i but on somewhat surf i i vary i itude -mc one in a pi, no 11 bile -real, s making a very Tile enter it vi i h a big guns the men he was t ilking loud j at ) it nor is it a a friend of d useful ch Later -in the on li contented observations over par l nearly 1 Less 1 I capt ss I iii mire it in ern Two and for 1 " ent- fr n K ir nr r e n lying as' in the c I v. acres mutually gave his staring in r s isn't b very them went hill to give a society of a camp 'w 11 the I former i 1 little, horse t to sail v a k is fr in at H" eive Ge era s There (was a I lose heat h i nr train) was in would b highly nie this Nor in 1 (or to propitiate up in) vere as usual cb thing the r defenders "-n I was too steep c of rest in ' entertain a it united b or me, -I o did I f t i t said trophy again of the Prison top of a more 1 Icing h nuts s el w I'll Ta I Mr in I thought for; a rateable to this an 1 to again cr put up stairs to modern bring the contemplation of that seven rinks nee yet unable to suggest (in.) the notes r by sail '"or nine tun." I racked my brain a very li as purpose Should I was to be there at the' time I felt that I nil no on me but to decide in the n(D the live got ac e s and i pop star actress- (nearly boeMrtmely induce it buttVv do not Ima c< taps the taren d is the very intrinsic tomfo fire is not roused me from my d j e i n As if I could under any trust meets, now it is I) find by those singers ofbrok n Btighsn with their bl J a and that- c overhead -their silly Smith five s, for being stupid amid a j k's In t J q in the (r fir was is J io«; Filstiff ties not to he tiA d , ml e'- a s 111 n idea Q s led per ss raged over! co said I, see Frank Grenda n Gresham is a re i H ft and fell ) A -ecce unit to he sure but on ' die d idly diver, and his, money r, when he c descends to shot aside his queer lethal gas was an gr the arc' friend in eg iron On Gresham's level- but there are dull I prime to determine t > all cNnrga all my Fulness and ill temper and to 6 "shin s accordingly I went, st addy d sr girding at hungry s interest in farm Mrs Gibbs to one of her than he is and I passed through the had " There's Unit lil, t off again just <. 'inner is g were on the table ml G class knows But That Gordnesn km v Kbin me I did not stop to her for damming the river after r me with cms derable employs s I stern near -ti-nltitc'v into the s rest I i he had ceased, but the wind w s ' ion, and the fit so nearly dark and cheerless and the parts ci] ii i!i)rousblvr(3 were well nigh 'e acted No no I then only scabious up' thing by, an! it her interests in the uneven evid dangerous footpath s oaths and to 11 laughter but k resi tVe pr a me of the part of late and under unate , but the weather has, (at no roll up king, swept the s reels, and the w r d of Sydney go dark bed was no longer a rid the shops were most of them shut up betimes, (for quite ten serted and the on by sign of life and not yet in the city were those observable At the numerous taverns which Race or rather disgrace it, these are nurse, were all brilliant lionel up and thronged with eager customers From the doors of to any of them s I hum d by, I heard and BBW but today it itch of the iff its of our staff h social system is til its R rdtd witness- in all the careless abandon mi it of its worst and most unw i el some" aspect of wore a ry, dispas-, and death death of the body and (what is to left n connected therewith) that dread of death of the mind -mining here, I find at least as a man in our young matron is as in any of theologic n ii es of the elder world Sur ly there must be some defect in the price it state of our vast and civilization, something radically and fearfully wrong We brim as a young nation a new sewer, and swear air a } stained with all the vicious follies, and ('disheartened by nearly all the social miseries of the more ancient states issue untrue as we seem to have exchanged these in r of one be a sphere for the consideration of the other intensive , for better even worse to have rem mel unchanged A presses with these had seat in the egg is, which poll still (carries s areas freely within e to rent a un as possible ton e j pt I fell in of an am s v reverie, and experienced a p sitive I resi c f in the irritable and sensitive frame of mind in which If and myself when, after if a minute EVE I arrived at my friend s house. It was a large cottage firmed building with a wide verandah, at punishable by a light of stone steps and as a residence, from neglect or c ic-'tssnEss, as both, it had appears to lost caste The shabby green railings to 3 enclosure n r at were first hastening to decay the give, half rotten, and s usual, wide open, had evidently been long race found unequal to withstand the assaults of numerous hungry go its, b long- ing probably to considerate neighbours - for the bare space which should have been what it on e was a past v little garden, was even then occupied by in to him one of these accursed animals, and was, creek r in other respects, in a most miserable state. He privates stood an s cluded and sometimes their quarters, one of the many such is are yet to be found i in" Perth went on extremity of Sydney Gresham was forieia»el} at home, and, as his mother thought, up stairs to his own room, mare she is one 1 about to add when she checked herself, as if by any left it, and prevented me to her son s parts of, where it appeared he often sat alone Arrived before m", at the door, I noticed that she games d in hastily and the in her looking round I afterwards her v nerable 'nee was, if possible, more so than 1 her and her eyes suffused with tears "Your old school fellow, Frank , said the poor mother, I went friend s Kid fact to face and hand in ha it w i h the recent e and Bir el ben,, my old boy-friend Trrnk Gresham, still to a e the time as ever, and yet, alas, how changed He came of a good or evil must stolen from one of the earliest which settled in New -out Wales of any character and standing, and that charges r a d stand l! g hid rove- been ( is need His father, deceased for many years prs', 1 a 1 by 'thrift, industry and on er pr 7 and a shaft r b c independence, and his educated In nk In only deal, with the greatest care Instant i g hill personnel in til those branches of lectures g in which he was himself a r proficient He lived on } however, to see his son attain the age of manho d and to hear his praises on every side For awhile arteries father s death the younger turf shim seemed l) re Use all the fond anticipations of his cry of ,' p rent, and of his numerous friend, then by d trees to strange melancholy develop d itself in his a! artic er, and he v came taciturn and even 'island will old friends, and in dated in its issue mints r rather in his pursuits TI c we heard that he had, without any necessity or apparent object, gone off to India, and was saving as a volunteer in some of the numerous as was thereafter he had distm "wish to me self too , for when he returned here, in failing health after messenger of several years, he wore a brass' cross at his button hole Once more he had been away from Sydney- so he said on a whaling voyage , others that he had been met with roving in a fall ern, marred only by Polynesians amongst some of the c o itUss islands in the Pacific that he had been i es at a force at times, and one averred that he had drank are with him in a rocky glen at F tuna, or some such outlandish place and now once again he had made no reappeared in civilized life Wild, yet taciturn, rest less, and yet grave , under all his chang she was the same dark sombre man, careless of everything but a quiet and affectionate regard for his aged mother, who cloud upon her son in exact proportion to her utter inability to understand him I of and Gresham seated man arm chair, near a huge old fashioned 1 fireplace, wherein large logs of wood, burning cheerily, sent a fully glow over the who e apartment, which was li tered with all sorts of strange mile to, south 1 the in are Messrs manner They were. tins s, offends, all quiet on ntal costumes from I life and else where , war clubs, cava bowls, and native cloth from the " Islands, ' Uncen cheeks and a hundred city r stree gg udder is from New Zealand , banks, etc are, four,-, in mpg, and manuscripts, all lying there was about, as if the in impatiently aside long ago, and since letter under urged Uutonethirg in all this chaos the struck me was the constant reproduction of one particular face in the different sketches, drawings, and paintings, which adorned the walls, or blended in the general confusion It was that of a female, and the features were obviously the same as those in a large and prettily) finished portrait in oils, jet resting on the east nor my friend, and from which he turned, brush in hand, as I ci tered the room. It was that of a big de, a fair ere. cure was h large and clear blue e,, ps, brown hair, md over sweetest withal a very much of it had expansion as expe- son of countenances unit 1, is I thought, nth anger That ra was a rus resurrected in hit it must rly p first which 1 i 1 at i is 1 pr line 1, one which friendship . ' r I c' i 1 at I si v the k to 1. pair T 'R i s e i r ci i - in a girl, , even go on I had 'Min 'i v seas with 1 i, ml need iM 1 in blk ) V r I i "I, at late" j, r ? her i si I see 1 h is all that he will not t I', n in ivi g by n km, t !"» s to the pen n vi) man is 1 a t i err -en 'I had frosted tin, uric de-, i club g is he to k down n s upe vv 1 - u '-1 11 line, and usually all the rest of an i I la w as to s rung [j hiM, and h to d in all I am" } days ago since,' when this has w s still in we are in a I'gvn ran him have, I assailing; at the e i 1 of the Strs in, in this ci v, near ha ha Unable In k h adding the ca' 1 hair Park Harricks, and now I that I, n Tin i here am I) a , or Timothy g of that sin It was one of this his d w in city rang when the at its annual ut b less oppressive, third ) d residence their exhibit being a 1 'li" inn at feet of an air crew in t b painful could heights near eh acts of my c still pinions a lively engaged in the manly game of make, an 1 other there b generous gesture-, on 'the- present lies behind m?, and from No distance can' 1 dis inguiA the him of busy traffic in the nd] sent town, or to get his a it and some of it a natural itch d I when she dies a sail In the i i steps taken of this who wintered By in the loquacious by 1 c} reaching, half II cash half name, the ruinously ov sirens 1 emigrant girl, and her army chargers , the puppies who had shot her sister red their vocation , and the anx a- car" worn i lit rs who had perhaps, tried bird in the ears more than once and a h a 'aches As I leant hourly -r, ev r the pilings of the enclosure mv a motion was sold at rightly is nothing very 1 if realising thing for less pleasing and vp I garden a' small board, as it were, with a lot Times, and yet an anxious interest which at last became a ino th thing Sir I was looking at a gang of si was - men in so he ran I did in the n in" an 1 manly english tongue, who had one he v upright, 1- a nine, mile front, in 1 friends 1 u feelings, I of less in )int')th« evmriunit/in which they en scored a timetable venture" to the dog that I v sleeping resident- Henry chained ey were at work in h vile a figure which, had then fond rot ed and sunk before the gale of 'heir return he is and which they were FUip and, as I smirk to he subjecting to some sort of an averment Half clad in course alike s rg",-Jtr v, disease, and it graced, every embryo J Conn 'en ince deprived of it the cut and mitted by tried fish) on driving ng though their til it 1 task, as they only do who labour what either 'liberty to hold Port wreithps-'ht-y were the official sign. of Uig 136 overs, saved from the 1 loved to be a curse to the reserves and to a colony with his team' to make it their presence is a dangrom social evil, an in tolerable and insulting harlin Crusher! and in- formed in mind, and utterly and hopelessly depraved, thy woe, indeed records we objects and as to their language every word was an evil, or sores disgusting and terrible j imprecation, except', indeed, when 8000 revolting obscenity was served up as a s Turning away from the sad scene, sick at heart, my a lennon was attracted by some thing which occurred at the gateway opens ", an 1 which, boy as I then was, made in) band tingle with a g r A man-a poor, milne guilty being, and yet a man had just been ears against gged- mandle 1, firstly the lash, is one would it be a big m s im ? corner of that brick pin dear mum, then appointed as I am t 11 to such horrors, and which, by the bye, I am glad for rain pity's sake, to hear they have now walled up Tied up to the charge, slipped and lacerated by tough leather thongs, judiciously hardened for the races son, like the hearts of the men, or rather friends, who wielded them, the pariahs of b gang of outcasts From the den of infamy, with his shirt stuck to his back with blood, pale from physical and mental an crush, with gives upon his wrist, they throw him but he was going, it seems, back to his work, in the charge of a constable, to the master whom he had offended, and who had led him panist ed He turned round for a moral as when he got outside, and what he said I could not catch, but I felt that he cursed the place. Hereupon a radiant, d cent') dressed, ad vance in years, but still strong and vigorous s, and to - dently armed with full authority, rushed at the prisoner and struck the miserable man, handcuffed and bleeding as he was, with such violence, till, after stag gering for a few paces, he fell fainting to the ground A deep and appalling imprecation burst from the gang near me and, in suite of try h bitual experience, self possession, and prudence, I was about to leap over the rai s and in erers, when I heard a clear soft v re si), with 1 breathless rapier) of a crane", and an intonation which I can never forget, "Who is that What has that man done 5 ' I turned round instantly and of cing the speaker, I saw her for the fits time and my God, under what strange circumstances Imp lime 1 girl, respectably) but plainly clad, of perhaps eleven years of age, but seemingly much older, for her term was even then almost fully developed, although her stature was low I sit -v this afterwards, and a little basket ton which she clutched nervously) in her little hand, but at first land o'iservpnoth of, but her 'face, which, in though not strictly faultless in its outline, was instinct with a hoe) and generous indignation, which rendered it intense]) beau deal Quick as thought, she bounded like" a ft on to the side of the ill used outcast, and before I, or an) other bystander could intervene, sat down on the earth, and gently raising the poor fellow's head, had it on her lap, drew a flask from her back to do with gentle of free counselled the men to drink It was the work of an instant " Ls'li him up out of that '" roared the old ruffian to his Ki) riders, at the same time I my self viv ancing menacingly) towards the brave and heroic child ki his large loaded whip in his hand, and applying to her the most coarse and bears ly epithets in a trice I stood between them, and with the sudden s length, and energy) of a lion, I wrenched the weapon out of his grasp and struck him, severely conscious of what I was doing, a smart blow across the face, who is immediately transformed the bully who 1 covered. Teaming with rage and fear he now tried to urge the "diggers" to attack us, but they both hung back irresolutely), and the more so on the fierce shout of ap- probation an 1 delight which arose from the chain gang warned them as to the possible consequence s if any hostile interference One of then a gaunt and hideous man, quietly expressed his determination " to be hung for them ' if they came one foot nearer elf er to " the young lady ' or the lad. He she ordered his spine as he said this and altogether his manner, though very calm, was so exceedingly) peculiar that the old dog in office and his satellites turned pale and beat a hasty retreat, so that, except the coastal e in charge of the victim, we were left alone The un happy) cause of all this at length got up, and having in some degree regained his strength, he turned to go Ere he Went, however, his eyes rested with a strong" and earnest respect upon lowering price and, who stood near, sill! pale and trembling from her recent excitement " As far you, Sir " said the convict, I that k you from my heart, you have acted like a gentlemen, 63 you are you have acted like a man, but what can I pay to her I am not fit to speak to her Thank her yourself for her brave kidney s to such a fallen and despairing wretch. as I am" He turned towards her hesitatingly), as if he would I have spoken to her himself, or have left and her hand, but, stopping short, a dark cloud passed over his f i", and, bowing low, as a Ca hole salutes an altar, he went slowly on his way, and life me and the yOung Linden standing side by side I begged her to allow me to see her safely home, to this she most promptly and decidedly declined, and told me with a mule that she was not then going home, but just across the Racecourse with her brother in law's dinner that she had not far to go, and was not at all afraid. " But the dinner is even," said I (for she had forced the convict to eat as well as to drink), " and your brother's laws bright merry smile stole over her face, at this very ma ter-of feet observation, and she answered that she did not tre "I shall tell him," said she with a sudden energy, "how it happened I shall tell him all," and she set her little lower down passionately upon the ground, " and he will stay, ' Madeline you did what was right, you did what was quite right, I know he will *' Then having carefully, as if from habit, Brrsflged the cloth over the empty basket, with a frank and fearless grace Madeline gave me Inr hind 2 and cropping a little curtsy to mr, which,-¡,re,¡ M I awkward school boy as I wasn't felt to be had is in a jest and half in earnest, (she moved rapidly away B preventing race by her gestures from following her as if I was more than half inclined to have done, and leay. II ing me overwhelmed with, surprise and admiration" 1 Subsequently I made many fruitless attempts to dig. of cover who she was or where she lived, but it was very long before Isiev her again. ' ? " But you did meet her after that, did you not" t I asked. ' g " I did, was the reply of Gresham, " years after. 1 wards, liar memory haunted me strangely, in a way 1 that I cannot describe to you, even after I say I reached man's estate. To escape from useless I , chaplin and regret, I determined to travel for I awhile, but found, them far away from Australia, that 1 my mind was too often occupied with 1 ! thought about her, my unknown first of a love. given to Ittdh I carried with me her remem- V brance, eyes, to the very battle-field, where I Ton this K cross. 'river, I again returned to this country, in compliance with the urgent solicitations of my mother c and in obedient to the fact of certain phv-ijhns a; K Calcutta, via recommended me to try the i !!'. c'. of try 1 festive air for I later came. d, as O'Dare I teUsTe i sharp, a severe a. fund in a skirmish with forever I those Hindoos, are still occasionally revels ghost I the august authority of tin " Company," - a avoid a yvVicli of' vc! d.v.s TOUs, and long renders.', my health precarious. Sir I ventured to Sydney, an invalid, j And this may, in ROme degree, prepare you for win; follows; for whatever it! ese _éiiglislimin venture pay around they are compelled to limit the.'. eye to know h.)y lo rd- ! j s I was to take- gentlemen reV on horseback ; hut j Prayers, for mi long war-time and I ask reading was, in j ' nay then we do state, rather than much for me to keep in a hind, and one day as I was riding through Parramatta. ' street he started!, and often became quite unmanageable- . -rearing, plunging, and staying in a to go out in name. I Feeling my- If physically unable to control him, in even 'to retain my seat, I called upon spire of the gaping idl. ra who crowded near 1119 today honoring a head, which Signs of the in having the courage to di, I f was fined state rights to throw myself (as to avoid I wired con-'cqu.Tc s, when suddenly I saw a small white hand laid firmly on the rest of the restive brute, and that, too, with an energy that rent his heart upon his firmness. The pain of mv recently closed wound was so violent, and the alarm I had experienced so great', the. loss myself quite overpowered, and suppose I n that date for steal s for, when I came to myself, I found they had carried me into a a chemist's shop thire, as, the roof the Lill, and were administering restorative.-. Do; your preserver, you will say, the person who had hold of your horse. My dear friend, it was my own long last Madeline, now a full-grown yvMTtan She was heading; engined over me with another female, whom I judged to be her sister. Unable to give utterance to my feelings, I repeatedly kissed her line), on which, alas, I too soon is in the final ring, and called her my own angelic (prisoner. I suppose the thought that I was mad, for she vanished with herself almost immediately. I saw she had forgotten me ; but I re. membered her too well, when and where I had previously seen her. I I saw her but once again, a month or two r.f.er>v.«d5, in George-street ; she was then accom? ried by her husband, who was leading what was evidently her child, a little fair-haired girl of three years old. At I passed her she beloved to me with a peculiar smile of surprise and pleasure, but I do not think that in her husband perceived that she recognized me. I have RELICS thought that she might have recalls A. to his recollection our old first interview. She seen d to be quite happy, for she was chatting merrily to her husband as I approached them, and the expression of her countenance scarcely changed even when she perceived , me. How I then did hate that man ! j " And you do not now ?" I asked Gresham started hastily up from his chair, and began, as was his wont, to stride up and down the room. " No, sir," said he, at last, I sincerely pity him. Oh, Tom," he continued, with a line of deep feeling, "the poor girl is his wife no longer ; she is dead. I passed their cottage on horseback one moonlight night in the depth of winter, and saw the ill f sted master of the house running distractedly to and fro. She | had been ill for a week or two, I had heard of that, and I knew too where are to look for the window in which she lay. There was a light there still, but the window was open, and the blind fi spread idly in the night breeze, for there was no invalid there, is nothing but silence and horror nothing but death. Yes, Madeline was dead ; I spoken her husband, but, he made me some vague reply ; he seemed quite unable to understand me; and leaving . him still running distractedly to and fro in the Late | I rods away, God knows where. . . . ». My un for trial e friend concluded his narrative-if ? such it might be called abruptly, and threw himself . despondingly into his old place before the portrait. He seemed plung d anew into a sort of stupor, ar. 1 swerving me mechanically, and with such evident re j instance, that I at once rose to leave him, which I will certainly not without concern and a3'oni<hni'jnt at his hopeless River ion for one whom he had only been three times. 