THE SPIRIT RAPPING IMPOSTURE. LETTER FROM PROFESSOR ANDERSON. To the Editor of the Morning Advertiser. Sir.- Within the, last few weeks my name has not unfrequently occurred in your columns in various articles having reference to one of the most interesting and, I believe, one of the most important subjects of the present day. I allude to " Spiritualism," as it has been designated by its originators. The importance of the subject is demonstrated by the valuable space you have conceded to its discussion in your influential journal, while its interest is as easily susceptible of proof, from the fact that the names of those who rank highest in the world of literature and science are intimately associated with its history and developments. You have already published the opinions on the subject of philosophers, literary men, pseudo-philosophers, and sciolists. Per- haps you will not object to inserting a letter from a conjuror. My own stage, it may be argued, is a more fitting arena for me to express my thoughts; but it is not possible for me to state there so fully and compre- hensively that which I have to say about "spiritual- ism", both as regards my knowledge of it as a juggle, and my experience, in America and England, of its baneful character and pernicious tendencies. Hence it is that I have ventured to trouble you with the following statement:- For the last four years "spirit-rapping" has engaged my especial attention. It was a new ism in America, when I landed there about four years since. Regardful of every novelty, be it in physics or psychology, I hastened to inform myself of its true character and fundamental principles. The state- ments which first attracted my attention by no means prepossessed me in its favour. Common sense was so outraged in every recital, and the acquired philo- sophy of ages was so utterly tabooed by the reciters, that I suspected the existence of some gross piece of charlatanry, and believing that I was treading on dangerous ground, I watched my footsteps as I went, feeling for quicksands ere I planted my feet. Though a professed conjuror, and one who has "known a trick or two," for the last twenty years, I was not egotistic enough to think that I was proof against being deceived. I heard that tables had been made to talk, and that spirits had been summoned from " the world beyond," to communicate their hidden secrets and mysterious lore to the mortals of this earth of ours. Intricate questions had been put to the ghostly visitants, and miraculous answers, in a tabulated form, were said to have been returned. I was not altogether sceptical enough to laugh at that which I heard, simply because I did not understand it; although, as I have already said, the information reached me in so questionable a shape, that I regarded it with suspicion. Remembering that which I had read of the belief of the Egyptians, Greeks, and Romans in the revisitation to earth of disembodied spirits, and not forgetting that the Pythia of Delphi uttered oracles under the professed influence of spirits, which, if history can be believed, certainly proved true, I determined to investigate before I decided, and to subject to experiment before I pro- nounced an opinion. There was the poetic faith of Milton to assure me that- \- " Millions of spiritual beings walk this earth Unseen, both when we sleep and when we wake." There was the fact, stated as historic by Pausanias, that four hundred years after the battle of Marathon the spirits of its heroes were seen and heard upon that glorious battle plain; there was the story of Plutarch fresh in my recollection, of the ghosts of the murdered citizens of his native town revisiting Charounea, and uttering their imprecations against its inhabitants; there were all the stories of appari- tions, including those of William Lilly and Dr. Donne, not forgetting the famous Mr. Booty ; and there were all the legends of spiritual communi- cations, as detailed in "Wanley's Wonders," to cause me to pause, think, examine, and scrutinise, before I came to a decision. I am not one who believes that we have travelled to the boundaries of human knowledge, or that we have fathomed the profoundest depths of that ocean of truth, from the bottom of which the dredgers of after ages shall dredge up jewels of which we have never dreamed, and discover existences which we have never imagined. At the same time I suspect a new ism, if not founded on a scientific basis, and I still more sus- pect it if I find that it assumes the form of a creed, or, a religion. Now, spirit rapping assumes both these forms. For that reason, my first impressions concerning it were not favourable. I will frankly own, that I thought at one time it might possibly turn out to be a good conjuring trick; and if so, that I would add it to my programme. If I, as well as other people, could make tables rap, well and good; and if I could cause people to think that invi- sible beings were the rappers, so much the better ; provided that causing them to think so would be productive of no moral mischief, nor be injurious to the happiness of individuals, or society. Let me anticipate however that which I have to say, and at once declare that I discovered spirit rapping to be nothing more than a conjuring trick, and I perceived that it was made use of for the most blas- phemous purposes, and to the production of the direst results. I found its propagandists to be either designing impostors, or credulous mystics, and I saw the result of ifs propagation to be mental imbecility, fatalism, lunacy, mind-torture, despondency, and suicide. Having studied the subject carefully, I think that I am able to throw light upon some of its more obscure parts. That it is my duty to do so, I believe and feel when I see that the imposture is making headway in my native land, and when I find such names as those of Lord Brougham, Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton, and Sir D. Brewster asso- ciated with that which I know to be a juggle, and a mischievous delusion. So strange have been the statements, so romantic some of the narratives put forth by the Spiritualists, and so seemingly philosophic some of the theories they have adduced, that I do not wonder at the imaginative intellect of the graceful and accom- plished author of "Rienzi" and the " Caxtons," being seduced to waste time upon its study. He who could study Rosicrusianism and write "Zanoni," may possibly, from his researches on Spiritualism, build up another story quite as strangely beautiful and fascinatingly mysterious. I do not wonder that when tens of thousands of Americans declare that they have made a discovery which overthrows all our accepted philosophic dog- mas, and sets at nought all our recognised laws of science, the subtle mind of so profound a philosopher and so acute a logician as Lord Brougham should devote a brief time to the investigation of the so called facts of those who promulgate the new doc- trine. Nor am I surprised that one whose attain- ments in experimental science are as high as those of Sir David Brewster, and the tendency of whose analytic mind is to accept nothing without the test of experiment, should give a momentary share of attention to that which, arrogating to itself the dignity of science, requires to be tested that it may be deprived of its disguise, and laid bare as a sham and a deceit. I am, I repeat, by no means, surprised that men whose names are written so distinctly on the roll-call of fame should have given spiritualism the honour of their attention; but I am surprised that, having examined it, having probed the wound it has Inflicted on society, and having ascertained that it is nothing but a piece of charlatanry, that they have not exposed it more fully and denounced it more energetically. The multitude, unfortunately, seeing such distin- guished names associated with the subject, are apt to regard it as worthy of being so associated, while it appears to be the aim of the Spiritualists themselves to trade-upon the names, and to declare, with un- blushing effrontery, that Lord Brougham, Sir Bulwer Lytton, and Sir David Brewster are actual believers in the absurdities of table-rapping,-although Sir David Brewster has declared, in a letter to your journal, that he regards the so-called "spiritual com- munications" as nothing but feat in conjuring, and publicly disowns any belief in the vagaries of the spiritualists. I perceive that some of your corres- pondents - Mr. Cox, for instance, and "The Lover of Truth," openly assert that Sir David is contradicting himself, and stating his non-belief in that which he believes. Among my nightly visitors to the Lyceum Theatre, I find many who regard me as being too bold in denouncing that which, in some way or other, they have been led to think that Sir David Brewster and Lord Brougham credit. My table is laden with letters on the subject, and every post brings an accession to the stock. Some of my correspondents thank me for my exposure of the imposition, but not a few of them reprehend me because that I, a con- juror, have trespassed on the domains of the philoso- pher. Shades of Aristotle and Bacon, where is the philosophy ? I have sought for it, but found it not. I have asked for it, and been answered with absurdi- ties. Conjuror or philosopher, whichever I may be, I will, with your permission, declare what I think and know of Spiritualism, and having declared it, my declaration may be taken for what it is worth- valeut quantum valere possunt. Spirit rapping originated in the year 1848, or, to speak with more propriety, it was resuscitated in America about that time; for in an old book which I have in my possession, I find that table-tapping is by no means a modern juggle. Indeed, there is reason to believe that it was practised by the Chinese many centuries ago. Its resuscitators in America were the Misses Fox, of Rochester,-New York, and their rappings became known through the Union as the " Rochestcr knockings." I really believe that at the commencement the idea was merely a matter of amusement with these young ladies; but, being clever enough to discover that money was to be madde with it, they opened up business accordingly, and speedily acquired a fortune. Everywhere, from one end of the United States to the other, the Misses Fox became famous. They were received as the media through whom disembodied spirits deigned to make their communications. They were able to cause raps to be beard, where no machinery to create them seemed to exist: they told people that these raps were made by ghostly knuckles, and that they were the replies of spirits to the interrogatories, addressed to them through the medium. They did not care to explain how it was that immaterial knuckles produced sound on coming in contact with material oak and mahogany, nor did they venture to elucidate the question of why ghosts prefer to talk with their knuckles rather than with their lips. It sufficed for them that when people were told that the rappings were spiritual, the people believed it, and paid for their faith. The Misses Fox made so much money that many other young ladies speedily dis- covered themselves to be qualified media, and com- menced their practice in the profession. The first raps were made on the wall of the house, or on any available article. Time elapsed before tables became the proper piece of apparatus, and then three-legged ones were generally preferred. It has struck me as being singular, that the spirit-rapper should require a table with three legs, and that it was a tripod which the Sibyl of Delphi sat upon in old times. It is a curious subject for speculation, whether the spirits prefer three legs to four, or whether the Del- phian tripod did not suggest the modern rapping- table ? But, leaving that point open to discussion, I will go on with my narrative. By the time I landed in America, in 1851, I found Spiritualism to have ex- tended its sphere of operations most alarmingly. Tables were rapping in every direction; every tenth or eleventh young lady had heard them rap, and been told mysterious secrets relative to ber future fortune, by the ghost of her great grandfather, or that of some musty maternal ancestor. That which had been a curiosity for tea-table discussion a few months before had risen in importance, till it had be- come an accredited faith and an accepted form of religion. People were being openly told, that the proper medium through which to obtain knowledge on celestial matters was not the Holy Scriptures, but the lady at the rapping table; and hundreds there were who put faith in that which they were told, and gave themselves up to be gulled by the greedy spirit- monger. I mixed with these people; I attended spirit-rapping seances innumerable ; I watched the manoeuvres of the rappers, and studied the effects produced on those whom they deluded. By so doing I satisfied myself on the following points: Firstly, that the rappings were mechanically produced; secondly, that they were impostors who produced them, and wilfully asserted falsehoods as to the mode of their production; thirdly, that there were many persons of an imaginative turn of mind and strongly nervous temperament, who really, and without wishing to deceive, believed in the new doc- trine, simply because it was new, and had something mysterious about it; fourthly, that many of the phenomena were what psychologists term subjective; that is, that an excited brain made for itself its own raps, just as the feverish patient conjures up his own spectres ; and, fifthly, that the effect of all this was to derange society - to pervert belief in all that ages have taught us to regard as holy and the faith of our forefathers has consecrated - to craze the intellects of the weaker and more susceptible of the community, and to produce the most lamentable results in the way of lunacy and self-destruction. Having assured myself on all these points I took up my position; I determined to place my lance in rest, and have a tilt with Spiritualism, if the combatants would but enter the lists. They wished me to combat with them privately. I preferred that the tournament should be open and public. I chose Metropolitan Hall, New York, as the field of contest, and I threw down the gauntlet in the shape of the challenge which I here transcribe:- " Challenge. "I challenge the whole Spirit-rapping League, from Maine to California, for 5000 dollars or 10,000 dollars, that not one of them can produce a knock on my table, or on any other in my presence, which I cannot account for by natural causes, consistent with the well understood laws of natural philosophy. "J. H. Anderson, Wizard of the North." I asked them to make thc spirits rap on my table, in the presence of my audience. Not one of them offered to do it: though at my bidding, the table rapped to perfection. The mechanism was under my control not under theirs. In that lay the whole secret. I demonstrated that which Sir David Brew- ster has declared to be his belief, namely, that the raps are produced mechanically. I am aware that in some instances electricity or electro-magnetism is used, and that in other cases it is merely a skilful adjustment of levers and cleverly arranged horse- hairs ; but a physical cause in every instance pro- duces the physical effect. Nor are the Spiritualists at all backward in availing themselves of the latest discoveries in physical science. In the Morning Advertiser of last Wednesday there is a lengthy account of how the spirits have been developing themselves musically, and how magnetised harps have been played upon by mysterious fingers, and pianofortes given forth harmony at the touch of invisible ghostly young ladies. Do you ask how it was done? Go to the Polytechnic, and you will learn. The whole mystery of musical spirits you will find to be contained in the conducting power of a piece of dry wood, and Dr. Backoffner will prove it to be a more, communicative and truthful medium than any you will meet with at a spirit-rapping soiree. The second position I have taken up is, that the professional rappers are wilful impostors. That opinion I reiterate. Let those who deny my asser- tion state that which they know of them, who they are, and what is their position in society, Will any one have the goodness to introduce me to a medium whose honour is unquestionable, and whose name is guarantee for sincerity? and will any medium be good enough to produce raps on my table at the Lyceum? The third position I take is, that many of the most strenuous supporters of Spiritualism are absolute believers in it, and really have faith in what they affirm. These are not the media, but the dupes of the media, the people of acceptive intellect- if I may use such a phrase - who take all premises for granted, and argue on bases of belief which they have never examined. How often, do we meet with mathema- ticians of the most acute logical power, who can reason with the utmost precision and subtlety, but who accept the axioms on which they argue without investigating, in the first instance, whether those axioms are really deserving of being ranked as axiomatic ? It has been the enlistment of this class of minds which has reinforced most powerfully, the ranks of the spiritualists, and produced the worst results in causing the ignorant to be deluded through the influence of their names. My fourth position is, that many of the phenomena of spirit-rapping are purely subjective, that they are esoteric, not exoteric; by which I mean that the believer fancies the existence of that which has no existence, save in his own fancy. How much real philosophy is there in the every-day saying, " You may make yourself believe anything !" Only excite the brain sufficiently - only concentrate the imagina- tion to one point, and your mind becomes the uncon- scious slave of your ideality. In this lies the whole secret of whoa has been termed electro-biology, and in this is the explanation of how, without knowing it, you may cause a table to turn round, and believe all the while that it is turning of its own accord, or tilt it so that it may rap the floor with one leg, and be induced to think that the table is performing to you, while you are actually performing on the table. Thc fifth and the last position I assume is, that spirit-rapping is detrimental to the well-being of society, dangerous to the community as a whole, and productive of the worst results to its individual mem- bers. According to reliable statements, which I saw before I left America, it was estimated that 7500 persons were immured in the lunatic asylums of the United States, whose lunacy had wholly resulted from their belief in the spirit- rapping imposture. It was also stated that from the same cause 360 had committed suicide. There have been many such cases in this country already; there was one at Sheffield recently; and I have no doubt that the phy- sicians of our asylums for the insane could adduce many more. Let any persons paint to themselves the condition of an individual who has been led to believe in the possibility of being able to hold conversation with the departed souls of those whom they loved on earth, who believes, too, that those sacred shades will come at his bidding, will answer to his questions, will open up to him the secrets of futurity, will lift the veil from Isis, and give him the provision of a Cassandra;- that, when he pleases, he may quit the society of his fellow-men, to hold commune with those who have crossed the bridge which Mirza saw in the dream, and who have become denizens of the better land. Would it not be likely- would it not be highly probable- would it not be certain- that an individual so believing would become an ecstatic, a superstitious enthusiast, a hopeless, irredeemable lunatic ? Yet such is neithor more nor less than the Spiritualists profess, neither more nor less than they declare in the New York Spiritual Telegraph, neither more nor less than some of them have openly pro- fessed in this country. Surely they deserve to be dealt with vigorously. If we subject those who insult the majesty of the Sovereign to punishment, to what, should they be subjected who offer insult to the dignity of Heaven by declaring that they can summon spirits from thence to play fantastic tricks upon pieces of old furniture ? I am sorry to say that in this England of ours there are clergymen who believe in spirit-rapping. The following account I met with in a little pamphlet entitled " Table-moving Tested, and proved to be the Result of Satanic Agency," by the Rev. N. S. God- frey, S.C.L., of Catherine Hall, Cambridge, and Incumbent of Wortley, Leeds. To my mind it con- tains, the grossest blasphemy, and affords one of thc most lamentable examples of that which even an educated mind may be led to believe:- " On Thursday evening, 16th June, my wife, my curate, and myself, sat down at a quarter-past nine, p.m., and placed our hands upon a small round moho- gany table. The top was about 12 inches in diameter, and it stood upon a tripod stand without castors. I was exceedingly sceptical as to the fact of electricity being the moving power, and therefore was prepared, should we succeed, to test that fact. I should also say we had preciously tried several times and failed. At ten o'clock the table began to move. I immediately summoned our female servants, two in number, and also our national schoolmaster, in order that they might witness whatever should take place, lt was agreed that I should direct the movements of the table. I first commanded it to move round to the right, to the left, to go to the door, to the window, to move for- ward without turning, to turn slower or faster, in order to make sure that I really had power to cause the table to obey me. Every one in the room being satisfied that I had, I then commanded it to stand on one leg, to move forward on one leg, to move forward on its three legs successively, to rock quickly from side to side, to turn to me ... turn from me, to throw a hat off in a given direction - all which commands it implicitly obeyed! I then told it to move toward each servant in succession, to lift up the leg opposite each person named, which it did. I then said, 'If F----- (a female servant) is in the room, knock three times on the floor with this leg, naming the leg. lt slowly rose and did as it was commanded. 'If Mr. M------(the school- master) is in the room, knock three times quicker.' It knocked twice quicker. I was watching it, and ob- served it did not knock the third time. I said - 'It's wrong now;' when I found that Mr. M------ to test it, had slipped out of the room. " I now felt convinced that electricity had nothing to do with the matter, and resolved upon a different course of experiment. I spoke to the table, and said-' If you move by electricity, stop.' It stopped instantly ! I commanded it to go on again, and said, while it was moving-' If an evil spirit cause you, stop.' It moved round without stopping. I again said, 'if there be any evil agency in this, stop;' it went as before. I u-ns now prepared for a further experiment -of a far mure solemn character. I whispered to the school- master to bring a small Bible and to lay it on the table when I should tell him. I then caused the table to revolve rapidly, and gave the signal. The Bible was gently laid on the table, and it instantly stopped. We were horror-struck. However, I determined to perse- vere. I had other books in succession laid on the table to see whether the fact of a book lying upon it altered any of the conditions under which it revolved-it went round with them without making any difference. I then tried with the Bible four different times, and each time with the same result; it would not move so long as that precious volume lay upon it. " We then discontinued for a time our connection with the table; and three others in the room laid their hands upon it. It immediately began to move. I then presented fine needlepoints to it, to ascertain if there were electricity. I placed a small piece of raw silk upon it: not a fibre was disturbed. I then placed the Bible on myself; it again stopped, and went round on its removal, as before. "As it was now past 11 o'clock, we left off, and had supper. During supper other tests suggested them- selves, and about 20 minutes before 12 we three laid our hands on again. I commanded the table to move, and it immediately began as before. I now said, 'If there be a hell, I command you to knock on the floor with this leg (the one next me) twice; it was motionless; 'if there be not hell, knock twice;' no, answer 'if there be a devil, knock twice;' no motion; ' if there be not a devil, knock twice ;' to our horror the leg slowly rose and knocked twice. I then said, 'in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, if there be no devil, knock twice ; it was motionless. " This I tried four several times, and each time with the same result. " I then asked-other questions- ' if there be a Heaven knock twice;' 'if there be not a Heaven ;' ' if there be not an eternity,' 'if the soul live after death.' To not one of those questions could I get an answer. I then asked it to tell me the hour- the leg knocked 11 times. I then said,' Tell me what time Mr.----- came home to-day;' It began; I said, 'No, not that leg, the next:' it changed that leg, and struck four, the exact hour. I then said, ''Tell me the day of the month;' it com- menced- ' I said.' Quicker,' it quickened, and at length it came, 14,15, 16, and, after a slight pause, it rose very slowly and fell the seventeenth time. I said, 'it is wrong now, I do think you (my wife) must have been unconsciously pressing it;' but Mr.-----(the curate) looked at his watch and said, "No, it's right; it is about, three minutes past twelve.' " With such a statement as this before me, and with fifty others which I have not space to allude to here, I think it is time that every man- be he priest, phi- losopher, legislator, author, or even conjurer- should raise his voice against the promulgation of so dan- gerous a delusion, and I sincerely hope that Lord Brougham, Sir Bulwer Lytton, and Sir David Brew- ster will not only disclaim their belief in it in the most public manner, but use the influence of their names to deal it a death-blow stronger than that which can be dealt by, Sir, your obedient servant, John Henry Anderson, Wizard of the North. Royal Lyceum Theatre, October 19,1855. 