LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. luesday, low January , ISoG. Xiie Srli AivJi It tooK tlic chair nt three o clock, and announced tlmt he had received answers to various addresses which tho House had presented to his Ex cellency. Amongst tlio others, which were merely . formal, was the following : — I have the honor to express to the Legislative Council the thanks of Lady Ilothnm for tho nildrcss presented to hor on the occasion of her late bereavement. I hnve tho lionnr. ifriv. J. n. Kxvb. MECHANICS' INSTITUTIONS. Mr SNODGltASS gave notico that to-morrow lie would risk whether the Kilmorc Mechanics' Institution was to be put on the same footing' as other institutions in regard to assistance from tlio State. , \- HALI.ARAT KIOTS. ' Mr WHEELER gave notice of his intention to move for a return of the expense of the additional police | which were employed upon tho occasion of the so-called Ballarat riots. ?' TllR DAR. . Mr O'SHANASSY gave notice that to-morrow he ?would move for leave to bring in a Bill to legalize the | admission of barristers ond attornies in the Courts of Victoria who were admitted practitioners in other colonies. FINANCES. Mr FYFE gavo notice that t'o-morrow he would move that the Financial Scheme of tho Government be printed. LAND SAI.ES AT SANDHUIIST. Mr BENSON gave notice that on Friday, lio'would move for a detailed series of the Land Sales which had taken ' place at Sandhurst, either urban or suburban, during the last two. years. Tho SURVEYOit-GENERAL said tho information asked, for by the lion, gentleman was already on the table of the House. '* - UIC1IMOND MIIDOU. Mr NICHOLSON presented a potition from Rich mond, praying that immediate stops might bo taken for the completion of tlio Richmond Bridge. LAND AT COLAO. Mr FELLOWS gavo notice that to-morrow he would move for the appointment of a Select Committee, to whom should be ? referred tho petition of Wax. Robert son, respecting the sale of lands at Colac, presented by him. on a former day. BRIDGE OVEtt TIIB LODDON. . Mr WHEELER gave notice that, on Friday, he would move an address to his Excellency tho Officer administering the Government that ho would-be pleased to cause tho sum of £1000 to bo placed on tho Estimates for the present year for tho purposo of erecting a bridgo over the Loildon, at Gisbornc. THE BALLOT. . Mr GOODMAN gavo notico that to-morrow, before proceeding with .the public business, ho would move that it - is expedient that tho Ministry should distinctly declaro what course tbey intend to pursuo on tho question of the Ballot. It was too important a question to bo allowed to remain in such a state of obscurity aa surrounded it at present. Mr. SNODGltASS said tho rules of tho House must at all times be adhered to, and they would prevent the hotn. gentleman from talcing the course he indicated. At a subsequent part of the sitting, jir, GOODMAN gave notice that to-morrow he would move a resolution in tho spirit of tho notico ho had given. TITLES TO LAND. Mr. LALOR.. presented a petition from John Winter, of Ballarat, in which he set forth tho.t he was tho pur chaser of certain crown land) for which ho had paid, but to wliioh lxis title was partially disputed ; and pray ing the House to take stops to perfect his title. Ho gavo notice that to-morrow he would movo that the petition be printed, and referred to the Committeo now sitting upon tho Gold-Fields' question. DESPATCHES The COLONIAL SECRETARY laid upon the table despatches from tho Secretary for tho Colonies, relating to the Passengers' Act — 'Public, Worship — thoContri- 1 tution to tho Patriotic Fund—Hie establishment of the Volunteer Corps — find Mining Leases, all of which wero ordered to be printed. , ? ? CONTRACTS. , ? Mr. O'SHANASSY gave notice that to-morrow he ?would ask the Chief Secretary whether tho Government ; ' had determined to re lor tho dispute between them' and , Lush nnd Co. to arbitration, -? TllH MAGISTRACY. ? Mr. HUMFFR A.Y said ho was actuated solely by a . sense of public duty in asking — Tho Chief S^or.:tnry whether tin ? Govornmsnt intend toinstitut: any cnquiri-lnto tha cxtr.ior.lin iry c mluct of the ? Stipendnry Magistrate ii:ting for the District of Bnllarat, viz., Captain VignolieH, who it is alleged discharged a nun who was accused Jof stealing a horse, upon tha g.-ound that inas much as the animal had died pending the enquiry, ' it -would bo like trying a man for murdering a ghost.' The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said it was a painful 1 subjcct, but an inquiry had already been instituted. 1 ' WATER SUPPLY TO RICHMOND Mr MILLER had given notico of his intention to ask the President of the Sewerage aud Water Supply if it be intended to lay down a pipe for the supply of water to Richmond, and if so, when the laying of the -said ' pipe is likely to bo completed, and to what portions of Richmond tho supply of water will extend ; but it was scarcely necessary for him to do so, as ho saw the ques tion answered in a letter in a nowspapor that morning. Ho would merely ask the lion, gentleman how soon the ' pipes might be expected to bo laid. Mr GRIFFITHS ; In two months. GOLD DUTY. Mr GRANT postponed his motion for the abolition ef this duty, until this day week. RAILWAYS.' The COLONIAL SECRETARY moved 1\. That a select committer be appointed to tako into con federation tiie proper manner in which railways in this colony shall be obstructed and managed, with power to tako evi dence. 3\. That iu i'.i conniUtea do consist of tho Attorney-General, , Commissimer of Public Works, Mr Henty, Mr llorne, Mr Miller, Mr Murphy, Mr O'SUnnnssy, Mr Straohan, Surveyor Seneral, Mr Pyke, Mr Lalor, and the Mover. Mo WHEELER, said ho did not like to see the com , mittee re-appo:nted as a mere matter of course. Tho gentlemen who formed tho previous committee had served two years — (no, no) — well one year at all events, and they had done almost nothing — many of them,- ho believed, had never seen n railway until they saw the . Hobsons's Bay one. (A laugh.) At all events they had proved a slow Committee j they were too centralized, and wanted an infusion of the country members. Ho . moved that the appointment of the Committee ought to be by ballot. Mr HORNE defended the Committee, which had ? done its duty to tho best of its ability upon a very coni . plicated subjcct. Mr GRIFFITHS hoped the old Committee would be . re- appointed, otherwise the House would lose tho whole ' of ths experience which tho members of it had already obtained.. Mr SN 3DGRASS hoped tho motion would not be pressed. The Committee hnd pcrformod their duty -arery faithfully, and it would be a public advantage to have the bjn'eflt of tlieir experience upon a -very important subject. Mr.MYLES was in favor of tho appointment of the Committee by ballot. It was too much centralized, and wanted nn infusion of country blood in order to give it vigo--. Resides, the question they had to consider was ono more vitally affecting tho country than tho metropolis; ? Mr'F A'WfCN'EIi 'was' nRfnn'shnd nt t.hn ftf many, lioii. gcntlemon. They called for the ballot tc protect men who. did not care for tliem ono ' rap,' and now wished to skulk boliind tho ballot box becausc they were not manly enough to say whom they wished to be upon the Cominittco. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL. said tho Committee was not one composed of Metropolitan members, it was not centr.ilined as was proved by the report which they'had ? mado. lie was convinced that it had not been reaaT by many lion, gentlemen, and moved that it bo read by tho -.' Clerk. He moved that Messrs Fyfe and Forlonge be ' , added to the Committee. Tlio Report was read — it has already appeared in our . colums. ; _ Mr.. FOULONGE pres?ed . that tho motion for tlio appointment oftheconunittceby ballot bo put, which was accordingly done, and thecominittccchosenwascomposed of the Attorney-General, Mr O'Shanassy, the Surveyor General, the Colonial Secretary, Mr Lnlor, tho Com ? missioner of Public Works, Mr Pyke, Mr Home, Mr Murphy, Mr Miller, Mr Strnclian, Mr Forlonge, Mr Henty, nnd'Mr Fyfe. PHILOSOPHICAL SOCIETY. Mr HODGSON in postponing liis motion for a grant . of £500 towards this Institution, s.iid he did so bccauso of somo information which had only reached him that morning. Inconsequence of that information he wished to make some further inquiries, and with tho leave of i the House would postpone the motion for a fortnight. Postponed accordingly. ? ADMISSION. OP LAAVYEHS. Mr GRANT, iu moving — -- For leave to bring in a Bill to authorise the admission of persons admitted as barristers and attorneys of other colonies as barristers and attornies of the Supreme Court of Victoria, said ho did so because ho thought it was invidious legis lation to ]inss special Dills in every spccial case. He thought it would bo hotter that a general law should prevail, and that all gentlemen who had been admitted in the neighboring or other colonics, should be at once admitted in -Victoria. Mr. FYFE seconded the motion. Mr: FELLOWS said that it was hot his intention to offer any opposition to tho Bill, but at thosame time he did not approve of its principle, which appeared to imply that anybody who had been admitted in any of tho Australasian Colonics was at full liberty to come here and practise. The same thing was not done in tho medical profession, and lie did not see why tho legal ? profession should 1)0 placed on a different footing. The Canadians themselves had refused to admit English barristers to practise, and oven when the late King had appointed a Solicitor-Gencral for the Canadas it had been deemed necessary to have a special Bill passed in order to enable him to practise. Mr. O'SHANASSY was glad that an opportunity had been afforded to the House of expressing an opinion on tlio matter; he did not like the introduction of special Bills, but ho felt the difficulty of bringing for ward a general measure, and therefore the House must oither.adopt the present Bill or bring in a special Bill in every other case. Ho thought it hard that a British subject who had been born in a British colony should ho driven away from any other colony in which .he chose to reside, or else be reduced to beggary, by not being allowed to follow the profession for which ho had boon educated, and he was sure that tho House would relieve such British subjects from their difficulties. Mr GRIFFITH was aware that much difference of opinion had existed on the subject, but at tho same time . tho House must be aware that there should be some efficient mode of testing the fitness of those persons who wished to practise as barristers. That they ought not to be admitted indiscriminately, but that there . ought to bo somo tribunal in this colony to pronounce upon their fitness ; he believed, in fact, that to a certain oxtent, this tribunal did already exist ; and that any gentleman presenting proper testimonials, was entitled to examination. Mr FAWICNBR was of opinion that every British subject, from whatovor part of the world ho might come, was_ entitled to practise in this colony, on producing his testimonials. He had seen many barristers admitted here who wore thought very inefficient men on their first arrival here, and had been in Court and seen them lose a number of cases which anybody else could liavo gained. He believed, that in England, the only qualifi cation was that they should eat so many dinners, and lie saw no reason why a man who had properly qualified himself elsewhere, should not be admitted liero. : Mr E1IJ3LING supported the motion, but should be extremely sorry to see any measuro brought in that should compel duly qualified men to submit to a de grading examination.. The medical profession had been referred to, and in that instance he undertook to say that he would put any man through an examination that would pluck him. He thought it only right that when a man produced his qualifications that ho should be cordially received and be allowed to practise at once. Mr HUMFFRAY supported tho motion, and thought it unjust and cruel that one man should be permitted to practise more than another, and with regard to tlio case of Mr Keefer.he would only refer to the evidence which had been adduced before the sclcct cominittco on that gentleman's case. Mr FYFE- said a few words in support of the motion. Mr HORNE asked if tho mover had any intention amalgamating barristers with solicitors. Mr G RANT replied in the negative. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL thought that time was being wasted in unnecessary discussion, as the Bill was not yet before the House, but they were certainly about to take a stop which had not been taken by any other colony. Mr GRANT said that he hold in his hand an Act which had been passed by the Legislature of New ? Zealand with reference to tho same object. The SOLICITOR-GENERAL concurrcd with his honorable colleague that it was not usual to discuss a measure before it was on the table of the House ; a great many questions would arise in considering tho claims of various individuals. Br GREE VES was in favor of the motion. Mr GRANT said that ho had not anticipated any discussion at that early stage of the Bill. The details of tho measure could be discussed on the second read ing of tho Bill. Tho Bill was then brought in nnd read a first time. The second reading was nppointcd to take place this day week. TUB COLLINGWOOD BRIDGE COMPANY. Mr MILLER, finding that one of the standing rules of the House lind not been complied with, begged leave to postpone till Friday next his motion for leave to bring in a Bill to incorporate tho above company. PETITION FROM FARQUJIAR M'DOXAID. Mr. RAE moved that the petition presented by him from Farquhar M'Donald on tho 21st ultimo be printed, and referred to a selcct committee for consideration, and that such committee consist of the Colonial Engineer, Mr Murphy, Mr Nicholson, Mr Greeves, Mr Hodgson, Mr Grant and tho mover. Tha SPEAKER was about to put tho question, wncn * Mr GRIFFITH said that he had expected that tho hon. mover would have stated on what grounds ho . moved for a select committee. The prayer of Mr JI'Do nald's petition was in fact an appeal from a decision of tho Supreme Court. The petitioner hud entered into a contract with the Commissioners of Sewers to - con struct a culvert, and had not carried out tho term3 of his contract, although every assistance had been afforded him by tho Board ; and his ease had already received full investigation. There was no allegation on his imrt that tho trial which had. ensues.! had been an unfair one, and he trusted therefore, that House would not consent to tho motion. Mr SNODG-RAS8 thought it would bo better if the hon. member would content himself with simply moving that tlio petition be printed. Mr RAE said .that, ho had not anticipated any opposi tion, nor was he in a position to combat tho.statoincnts which had been mado. He would therefore amend his motion by withdrawing the latter part of it. The question was then, put,' and the motion (as amended) carried. T IBEL LAW AMENDMENT DILL. Mr, GRANT, in moving tho second reading of the Bill, said that tho measure was almost a. copy of the : English Act, and the Act which he wished to repeal was an old one passed in Now South Wales,, which put verbal slander nnd written slander on tho same footing. Now ho submitted there was a great deal of difference between tho two, and that the time of the Supreme Court had often been uselessly taken up in deciding many frivolous actions, and his object now was to make oral slander punishable only as it was punishable by tho common law of England. There was another rcspcct in which the Colonial Act was harsli, and that was that iu every case in which a de fendant was mulcted, he washable to imprisonment if lie did not pay the damages. Tho consequence was that if ho was unable to pay he was liable to perpetual incar ceration, and ho believed there wore now several per sons rotting in gaol from this circumstance. With these persons ho did not intond to interfero, as ho had no idea of making an ex post facto law, but it was quito time to do away with such a barbarous system of legis lation. Mr FELLOWS seconded tho motion, which was carried. The bill was then committed pro forma, and the Chairman reported progress and obtained leave to sit again on Friday next. INFLUX OF CRIMINALS PREVENTION ACT CONTINUA TION XIILL. The COLONIAL SECRETARY movod tho second reading of this bill. Mr NICHOLSON, in seconding the motion, begged to ask if tho first Bill had over received tho Royal assent. 1 The COLONIAL SECRETARY replied that he was not in a position to answer tho question at once, but would take an opportunity of ascertaining how matters stood. ? Dr GREEVES in supporting the motion called at tention to a despatch from the. Governor of. Van. Bio men's Land, containing various suggestions which would liavo to be mot when tho Bill was considered in Committee. The Bill was then read a second time and committed. The Chairman then reported progress aud obtained leave to sit again this day week. ASSESSMENT ON STOCK BILL. On tho motion of tho Colonial Secretary, this Bill was read a second time. It was then . committed, nnd the Chairman having 1 reported progress, obtained leavo to sic again ou xnur.i ? day next. 1 VICTORIA FIRE AND MAIUNE INSURANCE COMPANY'S HILL. On tho motion of Mr Miller the House went into Committee on this Bill, several of the clauses of which were discussed, and a few verbal emendations made. The House then resumed, and adjourned at half-past five. ? ?? 