trittst) îEmacts. " LOOK ON THIS PIOTCR«, AND ON THIS." " An American,'' in the Ladies^ ¡ournal, warmly defends the present fashion of hooped skirls. He concludes an eloquent paper as fol- lows :-" A lady passed my window the other day, upon whom I levelled the battery ot curious and observant eyes. Tall she was, and thin even unto lankneas. As the day was excessively warm, though discarding or eschewing hoops, she had too much sense to make herself a martyr to beauty, by bearing along the streets the heavy cross of half a dozen Bkirts, or of even one. Her dress, therefore (of rioh materials, I might add), Lung straight down to her feet, dinging closely about her form. So Giles Scroggins' ghost must have looked in its winding sheet. And, as look would have it, that I might enjoy the opportunity of instituting a comparison, a young lady, admirably hooped in the present style, carne by a moment utter, so that both stars were in my field of vision at the same time. It ie well written that one star ditfereth from another star in glory. The demonstration was complete. You might as well comparo the Astnrian Maritornes to Romeo's Juliet or to Desdemona, You might as well compare a tallow candle to the ' Queen of Night,1 ' when she nnveils her peerless face, and o'er the dark her silver mantle throws,' as to liken that collapsed maiden to her of the hoops. The one was like a schooner under bare poles-the other like a ship of war on the bosom of the deep, with all its snowy canvass spread, and its gallant pennons streaming in the wind. I voted unanimously for the hoop, OB in all other instances, where they came into comparison with different modes of fitting ont that fearful and wonderful creature, woman, to sail the streets, or grace the drawing-room."-Brad- ford Observer, Sept. 25. AUSTRIAN TREATMENT OF DISCHARGED LE OIONAIUKS.-The Qlobe Bays that information has just been reoeived in this country that 27 "piratea and four non- commissioned officers, re- cently discharged at Malta, were, on their arrival in the Austrian staLes of Tuscany and Parma, forthwith incarcerated in the prisons of the two latter states. The Lombards, 13 in number, on their arrival on the frontiers, were forwarded, under military escort, to Mantua, to be tried by court martial, for accepting service in a foreign state without the permission of the ruling power. It has caused a great sensation amongst the discharged legionaries in Piedmont, who were preparing to return to their homes throughout Italy after their British service. They are now deterred, and will have to remain stationary, watohing the course of events. The English ministers at these courts have protested against the oourse pursued with regard to the treatment of those men, and have demanded their release.-Bradford Observer, iet/t Sep- tember. A UNITED AMERICAN FAMILY.-There is an old grey pussy oat in Newark who has recently bad an addition to her family of six kittens, all of which are joined together near the hind legs. In lifting one up, you raise the whole, like a bunch of bananas. This intoiesting group of felinity seems to live very harmoniously altogether, with the exception that neither can tell which is its own tail ! These latter appen- dages are so twisted and inlerwined that even the grave and staid mother-cat herself cannot unravel the mystery ; and hence the kittens quarral occasionally.-American paper. SINGULAR CASE -A very curious case will shortly come before the police court at Yar- mouth. The oircumstanoes, we believe, are nearly as follows:-A person of gentlemanly appearance, who has been staying here for some time, recently instructed several solicitors in this town, and also one in Norwich, to apply for as many sums of £100 from a party in Lon- don, on the applicant giving his name differently to each of the solicitors. But more strange still, each of the sums of £100 so applied lar was immediately remittsd to the various legal gentlemen instructed. Information is sup- posed to have readied the police authorities that these sums of money are a portion of tbe proceeds of some largo robbery in the metro- polis, and that the "gent" (who is now in custody,) adopted the above extraordinary mode of obtaining possession of the booty ; another party, who has also been staying here for some time, and who is known to have been acquainted with the prisoner, has also been taken into custody.-Bury and Norwich Post. HEINRICH HEINE'S OPINION OF LONDON.-I bavo seen the greatest wonder which the world can show to the astonished spirit : I have seen it and am still .astonished-and still there remains fixed in ray memory the stone forest of houses, and amid them the rushing stream of laoeB of living men, with all their mot- ley passions, all their terrible impulses, ot love, of hunger, and of hatred-1 mean London. Send a philosopher to London, but for your life, no poet ! Send a philo- sopher there, and stand him at the oorner of Cheapside, where he will learn more than from all the books of the lastLeipsic fair ; and as the billows of human life roar around bim, so willa sea of new thoughts rise before him, and the Eternal Spirit which moves upon the face of the waters will breathe upon him ; the most hidden secrets of social harmony will be suddenly revealed to him ; he will hear the pulse of the world beat audibly, and" see it visibly-for, if London is the right hand of the world-its aotive might right hand-then we may regard the route which leads from the Exobange to Downing-stroet as the world's pylorio artery. But never send a poet to London ! This down- right earnestness of all things,' this colossal nniformity, this maobine-Mke movement, this troubled spirit in pleasure itself, this exagge- rated London, smothers the imagination and rends the heart. And should yon ever send a German poet thither-a dreamer, who stares at everything, even a rugged beggar woman, or the shining wares of a goldsmith's shop-why, then, at least, he will find things going right badly with him.-Pictures of Travel, translated from the German of Heinrich Heine. A OONTUMACIOUB GnosT.-The Ghost of Hamlet's father-that is, the respectable actor who represents his buried Majesty on tho Btnge of the Berlin Theatre-has been fined fifty dollars on a complaint of the manager, for con- tumacious disobedience of his superior's orders.' Alas, poor ghost ! if the account we read of the transaction be correct, he was justified in doing what he did. The trapdoor through which he hud been obliged to make his noiseless exit waB too narrow for the passage of his incorporeal per- son, and one evening his arm and shoulder were sorely grazed as he went below. In Bome anx- iety lest this dangerous and inconvenient, des-" oentshould convert him into a ghost indeed,the aotor petitioned for a wider trapdoor, but the manager refused to attend to his request. On the next occasion of bis revisiting the glimpses of the footlights, the prudent ghost deolined to put his foot upon the trapdoor, and ooolly walked across the stage, when his part was done, with a pair of creaking boots which did not en- hance the awfulneBs of the vanishing apparition. Bradford Obrerver, September 25. A QUIET JOSE.-The talented proprietor of Glenmoriston (Mr. W. Chambers), notwith- standing his literary enthusiasm in behalf of popular rights and privileges, manages his beautiful estate very much after the usual lairdly fashion. Recently a post was erected at the opening of a very attractive walk, bearing a board, on which was inscribed in sufficiently legible oharaoters-"No thoroughlarethis way. Trespassers will be proseoutud with the utmost rigour of the law." A wag, during the night, .painted on the other side of the board " Chambers'» Information for the people." The metal Aluminium has beoome already oheapor than silver, and is sold in Paris for 300 francs the kilogramme ; but being very light, it will reach five or six times the extent of silver. Very nicely made tea and coffee pots, spoons, ¿te, are already to be seen in the shop» of the I jebera of the fteashgapi{a],_ I Baron Homboldt attained his eighty-seventh birthday ou Sunday, the 14th Instant, which he passed in quiet retirement, It will be gra- tifying to the many admirers of the " Nestor ol' Science" in england, to hear that though he finds it expedient to withdraw Bomewhat from the more noiBy exhibitions of society, he re- mains intellectually fresh and vigorous in the enjoyment of his honoured green old age. Bradford Observer, Sept. 25. The following curious paragraph appears in the Plymouth Journal :-" Much anxiety is be- ing felt respeoting the fate of Mr. Augustus Sala, the talented contributor to " Ilansehold Words,' who set out for Russia immediately upon the conclusion of peace, for the purpose of writing sketches of Russian life and manners for the journal with which be is connected, and from whom, since he crossed the Russian fron- tier, only one communication has been reoeived. It is feared either that he is ill, or that he haB given offence to the Russian authorities, and been deprived of his liberty. Those who know Mr. Bala, know that either supposition may well be true." TUB END OF A SOOTOH FODDLINO CLUB.-A celebrated drinking olub in a large town io the West of Scotland, which had formerly great interest at the local election, is broken up. Two of its members were sent to a lunatic asylum ; one jumped over a window and killed himself; one walked or fell into the water and was drowned ; one was found dead in a publio house ; one died of delirium tremens; upwards of ten became bankrupt; four died e're they had lived half their days. One who was a bailie when connected with the club, is at present keeping a low publio-house. Suoh ure a few facts well-known to those living in the locality. -Bradford Observer, September 26. Tba Northern Ensign tells a good story of an itinerant auctioneer who was reoently plying his vooation at Wick. Amongst tho articles the man of the hammer "put up" was a bridle for which he received a bid of a "erown." " Gone" WÜB the word in a moment, and the bri- dle was handed over to the buyer. He, bow ever, demurred, said that his " bid" was not a crown sterling but the crown of his hat. " A bargain, a bargain," was the reply. «« Hand it here." The hat was passed, and ooolly and gravely the auctioneer out out the orowu and then returned the spoiled 10s. beaver to its owner amid the laughter of the crowd. I ? 