To the Editor of the Ttismnnian JJaUi/ JSewst Mn. Editor,— So you mean to let Sir Henry Young down gontly on the lnte convict ailair, as you say, that - you have no wish to exult over tlie fallen/ and also because ho has been Hampton s dupe. Does not . sucii un uiyu; inent rather tell against youi- solves ? That a Governor should be foisted ,on 'the colony by the Downing- street red-tapists, who should so v vfarrfovget himself, . as to bocoino any onos dupe. Take for /Gospel tho assertion of a person with some colonial oxporiouco an. offidial seldom orrs from iguoranco— it is generally from a deficiency of prinoiplo. low Governors arrived in a colony with greater advantages in his favor than Sir Heury Young, but he soon marred his administration by indiscretion and folly. The old leaven is always all- powerful for iutrigue, and a weak- mindod man easily falls into the snares of your wily ocoupaut of office. If- you are noc disposed to join iu Mr. Labouclioro's condem nation of Sir Honry Young's proteotion of the . convict delinquents aud thieves, —and 'his contumely. to tho legislature, what do you pro pose to. do with him, iu roforonco to tlie part he has played in putting off tho meeting of the Now Parliament? We were tho first colony to recoivo the Now Constitution Bill, nnd are likely to bo Iho.lust to reap its advan tages. On the 20th Fobruary last, in the Commons, Mr. Lahouclibro declared tlie pre- ' sent Legislative Council- had ceased to oxist. ,? Yet, on the 20th of April Just, it was pro- ' ' ' ' "rogno'd to tUe-24th Juuo; then to meet for tho "despatch. of busiuoss, " which observation bo- ing' inserted in tlie Prodlamation, according to Mhy, ah'ekprossion of bona fide assemblage. On- the- 20th of -last hionth, -it is further pro- rouged until the 22nd of July, with the omis sion of . those words, so that now,' it will nevor meet ngain. In all likelihood another " prorogation will take pluco. Sir Henry Young and Mr. Champ treat alike both the members uiid "the publio, with supreme contempt, in not explaimug.tliis-ciroumstanoe.. Tliere is more than a whikpef abroad, that tho assemblage of L V the nbw Cbustitutibn-mongei-s will be further , proerastinated. The forthcoming Purliament ' will bo hurriodly metr- rti rush will bo mado to get the estimates through; and down comes the prorogation again. I tell you that this is " the dodgo, and as " to be forewarnod is to be forearmod," lot me be noted for a prophet if. I am right in lby calculation. Can you wonder i at this move, if you turn round and look at the , >, ; colony 'just now fy M embors are. wanting for 1 ; -both tlib'Counoil and the Assembly. Some of tlio best' and ablest men amongst us decline ' ' 'to' solicit; the' public . suffrages.- . Tlie eonse ' : queheo is, that " sebond class" are called on, and'alinost all' tho old offlaials arO; clinging to ' ' ' ' office for the sake of its lucre, with leach like tenaoity. Thore is that unfortunato bonus : affair iu the distance, that will rise up on all oeonsions in the Council and Assembly, like Banquo's ghost, which Mossrs. Champ arid Smith will have considerable difficulty in lay- ing. "The" pair are candidates for the ropre- . sentatiou of I-Iobart' Town aud Launooston, ' < V ' yet n0ith6r thsmselves nor any of their oon-. stituents allude to this subject. Even Mr. Crooks was-inquisitive enough as to the Catho- '' ' ' libism' . report, but he is mute respecting the bonus.' V Tliis death-like silenco in reforonoe to 1 grasping the cash, looks ominous of evil. Wlion tho monoy was receivod, and under ; what eir-' oumstnnees, will only transpire through the omnipotence-" of the Parliament. There: are; dolts injthe oolony who insist on it that the : oasll has : not yet boon i paid. One of the first acts : of the : Sydney AssenL ' hly ' has been to moot : the question, of the pensions; With us Fraser is frightened. He has not walked into the ! Treasui'y like his coinpoers, but is awaiting, witlr - anxiety, the ''pension for doing,' absolutely, :ribtliing. ; He lias boon a: more oifioial nonentity. The automaton ohess-playor was 'A more aetivo character. Tlie Turkish figure would make a ' ' noise. A certain blatherskiting clique: are'.en- deavoring to.put in Frasor, and oust Oleburne from ICingborougli, on tho plea that the former is a more efficient and a more liberal eandi-. date for the district. Who, after this, will not admit tlie truth of the aphorism lis to compari- bous. Tho Riohinond contest, formoriy on one side so full of froth and effervescorico, is waxing weak. > The prompters " behind tho scenes are said; to be . Champ arid Francis' Smith, arid the fugleman is Villenouyo—ru adopted noni-de-gmrre,." The political leaders of tlio new order of.thmgs.wouldias soon see ' old Soffttbh himself' among the members; of tho Assembly as the hori. member from ltieh- ' mond, -'and that is- a cogent ; reason for the present- opposition. They now find to their sorrow that tlio Gragson party, have rallied; arid gone to work in earnest. Thoy \- have recovered the entire district from the pounoo of the. eagle's talons, for a third of tlie: .eleotors had gone over, to the'enomy, owing to. the unscrupulous moans resorted to. . ' The tenants of Mr. Gfegson's most uutiring sup porters-were enrolled by. the. mischievous ' ; darMe; on a false pretence— that Mr. Grogson .... ; . . i i .i did not moan to stand for Kiohmond Thoro are about 209 oleotors in tlio district, so it is now a guinea to a goosoberry that Gregson will ho triumphantly roturuod, nnd an ovon hot that Dixon, who has boon a mere tool from tlio first, retires boforo the day of elootion. Indood, one of his supporters tho other ovoniug, said ho foared that lie was now employed composing a pootn on his own defeat, lor " tell it not in Gutli," tho embryo legislator is a poet, and hence his rather ' llighty' prose. All thoso events look very blue for tlio Oliamp- Smith-Eraser Ministry, aud portends a pro crastination of the meeting of tlie looal Parliament. " And -who can blaino thorn, as they are now, enjoying a kind of otium digni- tatum— largo offioiai salaries paid with regu larity— bonus at interest, — thus " eating their . pudding in quiet," in preference to meeting a number of hungry aspirants, to office, who would be too glad to. take their places f ' Seldon says,' "Take a straw and throw it up iu tlie ,air. You shall see by that which way tlie wind blows ; which you Bhall riot do hy oastiu'g up a stone." ' The': Advertiser, , tlio other.day, in rather iaphryinqse terms, eom-: plumed that - tlio ; party tliac . Air. William- Jlohortson was connected with wished to soizo the Government, and that his influence was ;reat in the country. .1 almost forget the anguage hlsed, hut it was to the purport ,.l have stato'd., Now this, for mauy reasons; is a .sore (snbjeot . for that, ypritablo journal ; for ovbn where; Mr. 'Robortspri aotB as' trustee, ho does riot riegleot the fatherless' and the orphiiu. There are few men. in colonial soeioty— rinay say, noue-whb inclividually possess so muoh oonsideratiori as ' Miv 'Robertson ; dud: most deservedly so, for a more sterling political character, is not to be found anywhere. Mr. Robertson is invariably ori tlio liberal side, and no man has fewer enomies. He has none whoso opinions are worth having. The cele brated Earl of Warwiok was a king-maker — Robertson is a manufacturer of M.L.O.'s ; and liis iniluenco in town, is so great, that it is " my candid opinion," as the IConluokian has it, that he could return any one he ploasod, I felt for poor Corriey Poppy in tho bastigati&n; ho received in the allair the other day; but his in- sufi'orablo vanity, withoutcommonsurate ability, is always getting him into all kinds of scrapes.' Only fancy his contesting . an election with Lowes, without a ghost of a ohanoe." Do, pray Mr. Editor, watch the government nar rowly as to the delay- in calling togothor tho looal parliament, and by all means let nio ask yoa'to onlist your pen in tlio , good cause of inducing efficient mon to enter. the now poli tioal arena. It will bo a heavy blow and great discouragement to Tasmania, if "local self government" should be tlio moans of our chains being rivetsd more closely by the old sot, who care more for the accursed pelf than for any benefit tliey could render to society. Money is the God of thoir idolatry, as ovonts have proved. Principle they won't understand, or can't comprehend. Expediency is the machiavellian phrase that they aro most ac quainted with, and it is that rule that is post poning tlie meeting of tho -provincial parlia ment, although no doubt tho hacks say, it is sololy the fault of the legislature in passing an electoral aot, whioh involves delay. : Yours obediently, Nominis Umaiia. Verdant Sceen, — Bth Juuo, 1850. 