WILLIAM BUCKLEY. A short notice appeared in this journal of the 7th inst. announcing the death of William Buckley, who for thirty-two years lived amongst the natives of this colony prior to its settlement. His " life and adventures" were recorded in a volume by Mr. Mor- gan, of Hobart Town, in the year 1852, and as the narrative contains much authentic and interesting information regarding the habits and customs of a race of people rapidly decreasing and destined, in all probability, to become extinct, we transfer to our columns a few of the most remarkable records. It is impossible to look back to the days when Buckley was the only European wanderer in the wilds of Victoria, and to compare the condition of the country as he describes it with its present population, com- merce, wealth, and civilisation, without feeling interested in a narrative of so remarkable a man, and without realising to the full ex- tent the rapid progress of our colonisation as being unexampled in the history of the world. The narrative it will be seen, is written by Mr. Morgan, as if at the dictation of his in- formant. William Buckley was born at Macclesfield, Cheshire, in the year 1780. His parents cul- tivated a small farm, and had a family of two boys and a girl, but what became of his brother and sister Buckley never heard. He received education enough to be able to read, and was brought up as a bricklayer by his grandfather, a Mr. Robert Wyatt. He first entered the Cheshire militia, in consideration of receiving a bounty of ten guineas, and at the expiration of a year joined the Fourth or King's own Regiment of Foot, and em- barked under the Duke of York for Holland. He was there wounded in an engagement and returned to England, having been a soldier for about four years. It appears he " unfortunately became connected with seve- ral men of bad character in the Regiment," the result of which was an implication in an offence, not more particularly mentioned, and he was transported ; but, he adds, " as the laws were strangely administered in those days, I do not know to this hour the precise character or extent of my sentence." After working about six months at Woolwich, he was sent out with the first expedition under Lieutenant-Colonel Collins, the British Government having determined to form a penal settlement at Port Phillip. By reference to the journal of the Rev. Robert Knopwood, chaplain to the expedition, it appears that the ship Calcutta left Spithead on 24th April, 1803, and anchored inside Port Phillip Heads on the 9th October. A maga- zine and storehouse were the first public buildings commenced, but whether any trace of them remains to this day we are unable to state. After about three months Buckley and three of his companions effected their es- cape, taking with them a gun, a tin pot or two, and as much provisions as they could muster. Their flight was dis- covered by a sentry, who fired and killed one of the party. The others en- camped near the Barwon River, and next morning pushed on until they came to within about twenty miles of what is now the City of Melbourne. At last Buckley was deserted by his companions, who returned to the set- tlement, taking the gun with them, and for the following thirty-two years he lived alone amongst the aborigines ; but, as his recollec- tion failed, the narrative affords but little information as to the date of the events described. His first discovery by the natives is thus told :— One day when I was indulging in these meditations, and gazing round from my Robinson Crusoe hut upon the surface of the waters, I thought I heard the sound of human voices ; and, on looking up, was somewhat startled at seeing three natives standing on the high land immediately above me. They were armed with spears, and had opossum skins thrown over their shoulders, partially covering their bodies. Standing as they did, on an elevated position, armed too, and being myself totally defenceless, I confess I felt alarmed ; so that, hoping I had not been seen, I crept into a crevice in a rock near at hand, where I endea- vored to conceal myself. They were however soon upon my track, and shouting what I considered to be a call for me to come out, I resolved to do so ; indeed I could not have remained there long on account of the water. With but faint hopes of meeting with good treatment at their hands, I crawled out from my shelter, and surrendered at discretion. They gazed on me with wonder, my size probably attracting their attention. After seizing both my hands, they struck their breasts, and mine also, making at the same time a noise between singing and crying, a sort of whine, which to me sounded very like premeditated mischief. Pointing to my hut, they evinced a desire to examine it—so we entered. My new friends, if friends they were to be, made themselves very much at home, al- though uninvited. One made up a large fire, another threw off his rug and went into the sea for crayfish, which, on his return, he threw alive into the flame. "The Life and Adventures of William Buckley, thirty-two years a wanderer amongst the aborigines of the then unexplored country round Port Phillip, now the province of Victoria." By John Morgan.' at the same time looking at me with an expression as much as to intimate that they intended to grill me next, by way of a change of diet. I can afford to smile, and even laugh, now at the recollection ; but at the time, I assure the reader, I was by no means satis fied with the prospect before me or with my visitors. At length my suspense ended by their taking the fish, fairly dividing them, and handing to me the first and best portion. Having finished our meal, they gave me to understand they wished me to follow them. To this I hesitated, not being satisfied as to their inten- tions, but after a time consented. Buckley, though well treated, did not at first relish the society of his friends, and ran away from them, living on fish, berries, and roots for a long while. He was often for days without food of any description, and without covering or shelter. He is conscious that at this period his mind began to fail him. A description of his rambles would be too lengthy for extract, but in course of them he came to a mound of earth (a native grove), with a spear stuck into it, which he took out and used as a walking-stick. This little incident, it seemed, was exceedingly fortunate for him during the remainder of his stay amongst the natives, whose superstition ac counts for the kindness with which he was treated and for the dangers he escaped :— Whilst searching for the gum already mentioned I was seen by two native women, who watched me un perceived. At length I threw myself down at the foot of a large tree to rest. On observing me thus pros- trate, and helpless, these women went in search of their husbands with the intelligence that they had seen a very tall white man. Presently they all came upon me unawares, and seizing me by the arms and hands began beating their breasts, and mine in the way the others had done. After a short time they lifted me up, and they made the same sign, giving me to under stand by it, that I was in want of food. The women assisted me to walk, the men shouting hideous noises, and tearing their hair. When we arrived at their huts they brought a kind of bucket made of dry bark, into which they put gum and water, converting it by that means into a sort of pulp. This they offered me to eat, and I did so very greedily. They called me Mur rangurk, which I afterwards learnt was the name of a man formerly belonging to their tribe, who had been buried at the spot where I had found the piece of spear I still carried with me. They have a belief that when they die they go to some place or other, and are there made white men, and that they then return to this world for another existence. They think all the white people previous to death were belonging to their own tribes, thus returned to life in a different color. In cases where they have killed white men it has ge nerally been because they imagined them to have been originally enemies, or belonging to tribes with whom they were hostile. In accordance with this belief they fancied me to be one of their tribe who had been re cently killed in a fight, in which his daughters had been speared also. As I have before said, he was buried at the mound I saw, and my having the remains of his spear with me confirmed them in this opinion. To this providential superstition I was indebted for all the kindnesses afterwards shown me. In a short time they went away, making signs for me to remain ; and on returning they brought with them several large fat grubs, which are found buried in decayed trees, and more particularly about the roots. Those grubs they gave me to eat, and by this time so changed was my palate that I did so, thinking them delicious. The women continued making frightful lamentations and wailings all night, " lacera ting their faces in a dreadful man ner," and inflicting wounds all over the body, " having cut their faces and legs into ridges, and burnt the edges with fire-stick.'' Shortly afterwards he fell in with 100 men, who received him in the same man ner :— My presence now seemed to attract general atten tion ; all the tribe, men and women, closed up around me, some beating their breasts and heads with their clubs, the women tearing off their own hair by hand fuls. I was much alarmed, but they made me to under stand these were the customs they followed, and that no harm to me was intended. This was the manner by which they evinced their sorrow when any of them died, or had been a long time absent ; and, as they be lieved me to have been dead, they were lamenting the sufferings I must have undergone when I was killed, and, perhaps, until my reappearance again on this earth. There were great preparations that night ; and Buckley tells us what his misgivings were when the natives made a very large fire. The colonial reader will understand that the ter rible preparations and rude ceremonies were nothing more than a " corroboree " or re joicing, as Buckley supposes, for his having come to life again. Familiar as such scenes have since become to old settlers, we extract Buckley's account of this one for the enlight- enment of those who are less acquainted with the customs of the natives :— At last all the women came out naked, having taken off their skin rugs, which they carried in their hands. I was then brought out from the hut by the two men, the women surrounding me. I expected to be thrown immediately into the flames ; but the wo men having seated themselves by the fire, the men joined the assemblage armed with clubs more than two feet long ; having painted themselves with pipe-clay, which abounds on the bank of the lake. They had run streaks of it round the eyes, one down each cheek, others along the forehead down to the tip of the nose, other streaks meeting at the chin, others from the middle of the body down each leg ; so that altogether they made a most horrifying appearance, standing round and about the blazing night fire. The women kept their rugs rolled up tight, after which they stretched them between the knees, each forming a sort of drum. These they beat with their hands, as if keeping time with one of the men who was seated in front of them, singing. Presently the men came up in a kind of close column, they also keeping time with their sticks, by knocking them one against the other, making altogether a frightful noise. The man seated in front appeared to be the leader of the orchestra, or master of the band—indeed I may say, master of the ceremonies generally. He marched the whole mob, men and women, boys and girls, back wards and forwards at his pleasure, directing the singing and dancing, with the greatest decision and air of authority. This scene must have lasted at least three hours when as a wind-up, they gave three tremendous shouts, at the same time pointing to the sky with their sticks ; they each shook me heartily by the hand, again beating their breasts, as a token of friendship. By this time I was greatly relieved in my mind, finding no injury to me was comtemplated, and particularly when they all dispersed to their huts, and I was left again with my guardians. An amusing story is told of Buckley's in troduction to a nephew, being the son of the brother of the dead man whose ghost he was taken to be. His reunion led to another cor roboree, and great hospitality in the way of eating berries, roots, gum, and maggots and opossums roasted. " This," says the narra tor, as if the recollection of the incident re called the pleasure he experienced, " was the first animal food I had taken since parting with my companions from the Calcutta, and it was to me a most delicious feast." Here, for the first time, also, he was presented with an opossum-skin rug, " for which he gave his sister-in-law his old jacket in exchange." After the feast there was another fight, and several people were killed, but what all this fighting was about he could not tell, but, from subsequent experience, supposed it origi nated through " the women having been taken away from one tribe by another." Buckley took no part in their quarrels, but was always removed to the rear and care fully protected. The following account of these alternate fights and feasts will convey some idea of the kind of life which Buckley led for many years :— On our arrival at the battle-ground, about twenty miles distant , we found five different tribes all collected together, and ready for action. The fight commenced immediately, and it lasted about three hours, during which three women were killed—for, strange to say the females in these quarrels generally suffered the most. These continual contests alarmed me, for the contending parties were always pointing towards me, as if I had been their origin ; and I again began to think I should be sacrificed as a peace-offering. Quiet was at length restored, and the tribe we had joined separated from the others, and came towards where I was standing. Having formed themselves into a sort of guard, they marched me back to the other tribe, who placed themselves in square, on the spot where the fight had been. On our arrival solemn silence was observed—not even a whispering was uttered, but all eyes were directed towards me, and I again felt that some serious event might be expected, in which my safety was involved. I had a few minutes before even women and boys murdered in their fury, and it was natural for me to feel alarm under such circumstances. After a while they all began talking together rapidly, shak ing their spears, and jumping wildly about, as if they were going mad ; this ended, they gave three loud shouts, and returned to their respective huts—so I was relieved from my fears once more. In the morning I found the other tribe had gone away, and soon after we left for the place my friends chiefly inhabited, and there we lived for a very long time unmolested, and without anything particular occurring. We remained in peace and quietness until a messenger came from another tribe, saying we were to meet them some miles off. Their method of describing time is by signs on the fingers—one man of each party marking the days by chalkings on the arm, and then rubbing one off as each day passes. After travelling two or three days we arrived at the appointed place, and found there a great number as sembled, not one of whom I had seen before ; and that evening we had the usual corroboree. In the morn ing we all went on a hunting excursion in perfect good humor, so that I had nothing to apprehend. It was a kangaroo hunt, and, as this was the first I had been at, I looked on with great interest, for I began to con sider myself, by compulsion, a native, and to take a part in all their exercises. Considerable dexterity is used by them in catching and killing kangaroo ; for they place themselves at particular spots and distances, so as to drive them into corners like flocks of sheep, and then they spear them without difficulty. We killed several very large ones, on which, with roasted roots, we made a great feast. After that they all pipe-clayed themselves, and had another corroboree, and then, as usual, began to throw their spears about. This I thought would end in mischief, and the women ap- peared to think so too, for they ran into their huts. My guardians, as a precaution, took me with them. Nothing serious, however, occurred that night. In the morning it appeared that the Pootmarro tribe had taken two women from the Yaawangis in the course of the night ; or, that they had gone away willingly with their seducers. The consequence was another fight, but it ended without bloodshed. The affair, however, was not forgotten. After that the tribes separated, each going to its respective locality. By this time Buckley had become on per fectly friendly terms with the natives, and began to understand something of their language. (To be continued.) 