i rm ?ATRiQT« «im»«, vr ! . »t «WM-«« QM** BVTft, W,fH Ob! give me back that royal dream . " ' V ' My fancy wrought, ' - i When I have aeen yo or annny eyes Grow moist with thought ; And fondly hop'd, dear Love, your heart from mine Its spell had caught ; ' And laid me down to dream that dream divine. But true, methought, Of how my life's long task would be, to make your's blessed aa it ought. . To leam to love sweet Nature more - Far your sweet sake. To watch with yon-dear friend, with yea ! lt's wonders break ; The sparkling Spring in that bright face to see ' . . . lt's mirror make On Sommer morna to hear the sweet birds slag , ' By linn and lake ; And know your voice, your magic voice,- could Hill a "grander music wake! On some old shell-strewn rock to sit ' - J .- ? ' In Autumn eve«, - Where gray Killiney cools the torrid air ' ¿ ? Hot Autumn weaves ; j . " Or by that Holy Well in mountain lone, ?. ' Where faith believes . .<. (Fain would I b'lieve) its secret, darling, wish True love achieves. Tot, oh! its Saint was not moro pure than sh* to whom my fond, heart cleaves. To see the dank mid-winter night - - , l'aas like a noon, * , Sultry with thought from minds that teemed, And glowed like June ; ? - Whereto would pass in sculp'd and pictured train Art i magic boon ; And Music thrill with many a haughty «train, And dear old tuue, ' .<,,..-;',. Till hearts grew sad to hear the destined boar to part had come ao aoen. To wake the old weird world that sleeps In Irish lore; The strains sweet foreign Spanaer sang By Mulls'e shore ; Dear Curran's airy thoughts, like purple hirds That shrine and soar; - Tone's fiery hope«, and all the deathless vows That Grattan swore ; The songs that once oar own dear Davis sung-ah rae ! to «lng no more. To search with mother love the gift«. Our land can boast, Soft Erna's isles, Neigh's wooded elopes, ... Clare's iron coast; Kildare, whose legenda gray our bosoms stir With fay and ghost; Gray Mourne, green Antrim, purple Glenmalur Lene's fairy host; With raids to many a foreign land to learn to love dear Ireland most. And all thoso proud old vic tor-fields , We thrill to nome; Whose mem'ries ore the stars that light Long nights of shame ; 1 The Cairn, the Dun. the Kath, the Tower, the Keep, > That still proclaim In chronicles of clay and Btone, how true, how deep . Was- Erie's fame. . i > .. ;-. Oh ! we shall see them all, with her, that dear, dear friend we two have lov'd the some. Yet ah ! how truer, tend'rer still Methought did seem That scene of tranquil joy, that happy home, By Dodder s stream ; The morning smile that grow a fixéd star With love-lit beam, The ringing laugh, locked hands, and all the far And shining stream Of daily love, that made our daily life diviner than a dream. For «till to me, dear Friend, dear Love, Gr both-dear Wife, Your image comes with serious thoughts] But tender, rife ; No idle plaything to caress or chide In sport er strife ; But my best chosen friend, companion, guide, To walk through life. LInk'd hand in hand, two eq.ua!, loving friends, true husband and true wife. Ballads qf Ireland, bu E. Hauet., I ANNIVERSARY UEOATÏA.-Lust iiigtit tiio couimuuie met at Mr. Pike's, City Wine Vaults, for the purpose of awarding the first and second prizes to the ballast and Ashing boats, in ench of which races protests were handed in. Tho committee, after hearing evidence for and against, gave tho first prize for ballast boats to the Village Maid ; and for bona fido fishing boats, to Andrew Melville, owner of the Daregong. Captain Moodio's gift of ten pounds was equally divided between the second boats in each of the above matches. These disputes being now settled, tho business of the Regatta Committee may be said to bo conoluded, and we feel much pleasure in testifying to the satisfaction they have given the public generally, congratulating them also on tho success which has attended their' labours in the face of several obstacles, and hoping those interested in snorts of this description will, on future occasions, in the election of a Regatta Committee, be as happy in their choice. CRICKET.-A match was played yesterday, in Hydo Park, between eleven members of the Union Club and a like number of the Australian Cricket Club. The latter came off victorious, winning in one innings by 78 runs. The committee appointed to make arrangements for the great match, " Victoria v. New South Wales," will meet at Mr. Beal's Currency Lass, on . Wednesday evening next. HORTICULTURAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY.-Thia Society holds its seventh monthly meeting this evening at the Boyal Hotel, the chair to be taken at half-past 7 o'clock. WAUGH ANS Cox's AUSTRALIAN ALMANAC FOB 1880. Without disparaging the merits of any .other similar publication, we think it must be acknowledged, by every one that Messrs. Waugh and Cox's Australian Almanac, the 7th issue of which is just out, stands at the head of its class, whether for extent - and variety of information, or for neatness and order in its compilation, The only regret of every ' reader will bo that its publication should have been delayed to so advanced a period of the new year. . Its great usefulness is thereby to some extent impaired, and we fear also its circulation lessened. With scarcely an exception, the Sydney booksellers are, in this respect, backward and unbusinesslike, and must be themselves Îiecuniary losers. The end of November should be the atest date for tho publication of a new almanac. Next year we trust to see an improvement in this matter. To return to the work before us. It contains an immense quantity of useful information of a most varied cha- racter. Tho astronomical notes of the month are par- ticularly copious, and give the stamp of science to the work. Some very useful practical hints on agriculture as adapted to this colony also deserve particular atten- tion, and help to supply a want much felt by the newly arrived settler. With all information relative to tho Government departments, to institutions, companies and societies of every description, the work is replète. But we cannot do better tban subjoin an abstract of its contents, premising that so fully are the principal heads treated of that the book extends to considerably moro than two hundred pages :-Principal Articles of the Ca- lendar, Eclipses of tho Sun and Moon, Four Quarters of the year, Little Almanac, Explanation of Astronomical Position of the Calendar, Dialling, Calendar, Gonoral Tide Table for Australia, Tide Table for Sydney Cove, Holidays in Public Offices, Months of the Jewish Year, Hints on Agriculture, Itinerary of Now South Wales, Gazetteer of New South Wales, Height of Principal Mountains, British and Foreign Intelligence, Colonial Government, Legislature and Legislative Departments, Law Departments and Law Arrangements, Medical Board and Medical Practitioners, Military Establishments, Ec- clesiastical Establishments and Denominations, Educa- tional Establishments, Religions and Charitable Institu- tions, City Commissioners, Banking Companies, Public Institutions and Societies, Miscellaneous Companies, Insurance Companies, Steam Companies, Mint, Bonded Stores, Consuls, Statistics, Postago Bates, Mails, ¿tc, Acts:of Council (iuclnding an abstract of the New Constitution Act), Government Forms, &c;, and the Revenue Abstract of the Year. . COOK AND CO.'S MONTHLY RAILWAY AND STEAM NAVIGA- TION GUIDE.-The February number of this little publi- cation is now issned. It is no less business-like in ap- pearance than itt predecessor, and will be found indis- pensable to the traveller and excursionist. The present number contains, among its other items of information, a list of the Hacknoy Carriage Stands, the number of carriages, fares, Acc. Similar information relative to the Omnibuses would he an advisable addition in future numbers. INQUESTS.-An inquest was bold on Saturday last, at Darlinghurst Gaol, before Captain M'Lerie, J.P., touch- ing the death of Richard Jones, a confine. From the evidence, it appears that deceased, when admitted, was suffering from delirium tremens, brought on by intem- perance, and continued gradually to get worse until death terminated his sufferings.- Verdict-Died from the effects of intemperance. The same magistrate held another inquest, on Sunday last, touching the decease of Mrs. Mary Jane Tims, who died on Friday night last. From the evidence of the medical attendants, Drs. Brown and Daniell, who made a post mortem examina- tion of the body, death was the result of apoplexy, pro- duced by cerebral congestion. Verdict-Died by the visitation of God. NORTHUMBERLAND AND HUNTER.-We understand that Mr. Piddington has made'a very successful tour among the constituencies of Northumberland and Hunter. Everywhere he has met with good-will and confidence. From what we know of the antecedents of Mr. Pidding- ton, and what we gather from his late speeches, wo have a right to expect that he will make a working, intelli- gent and honourable member of tho Legislative Council. -Hunter Uiver Journal, February 1. 