THE OLD BEGTME. The signs are multiplying rapidly around us that the political condition of tlic Australian colonies is in a state of transition. In New South Wales the old semi-nominee Legislature has done its work and passed away, never again to be brought into being. In Tasmania the similarly-constituted Legislature has also , given up the ghost, and settled its account with history. And now at last the Victorian Legislature lias wound up its affairs and sub mitted to die. It has been rather longer- lived than it ought to have been, and its decease liaB been anxiously desired by its friends for some time, but as the time drew on it was ingenious in devising excuses for living a little longer. "Now fitted the halter, now traversed the cart. And often took leave, yet seemed loth to depart." It has gone, however, at last. We have chronicled its final legislative proceedings; when the White Swan was leaving Melbourne, the Acting Governor Major-General Macarthur was reading the funeral service over it. In the general emancipation from old cramped forms into newer and freer modes .of action that is thus visibly going on around us, South Aus tralia unfortunately does not participate. In the race of politico liberty she is for the time distanced by her competitors—a misfortune attributable to a misplaced exercise of his irresponsible power by the late Governor. Had mot Sir Henry Young thought it his duty to force "Bomineeism down the throats of the people, the old Parliament Bill would never have contained that obnoxious element; it would never have been petitioned against, it would have passed the British Parliament, it would have been out in the colony in full force, the old form of Council would have been defunct, and we should have been abreast of , the foremost of our neighbours in electing new | men to inaugurate the newsystem. There is only one consolation attendant on our rearward posi tion, and that is that we may possibly gain some- | thing from the experience of the other colonies. By watching the course of their political deve lopment, tracing their difficulties and observing their errors, we may avoid dangers and com plexities into which we might otherwise fall. The Legislature of Victoria, which is just defunct, lias had harder work to do and seen Stranger vicissitudes than any of its compeers. It was barely summoned into existence before those rumours of golden treasure were whis pered, the confirmation of which has changed the destinies of Australia. The colony itself had but just ceased to be an appanage of New South "Wales, and had only an untried and inexperienced administrative staff. Yet thus unequipped it was suddenly summoned to grapple with great social perplexities. The unexpected success of the first diggers tended to throw the whole administration of affairs into confusion. Difficult as the crisis was, order and authority might have been successfully maintained had the executive power been possessed of adequate administrative ability. Unfortunately Mr. La Trobe, though possessed of many excellent qualities as a private individual, lacked the foresight and the energy which the times de manded ; and, instead of dealing promptly and trenchantly with the difficulties of the case, allowed evils to accumulate to a frightful magnitude. The Legislature was hut ill adapted to supplement the deficiencies and correct the errors of the Executive. It con tained a large majority of squatters, bent on maintaining their class privileges. Up to the year 1851 the pastoral interest was not only the predominant bnt almost the exclusive inte rest of the colony. By the end of 1852 the state of affairs was entirely reversed. The squat ters only shipped one-tenth of the year's export. A new interest had suddenly sprung up which altogether overtopped the old one, and a popula tion came swarming in to strengthen and increase it. No corresponding change was made in the Legislature. The squatters in power looked -with an evil eye on the rising of this upstart interest. . They hoped it would be short-lived, they did what they could to discourage it, they denounced it as a corse, and made no adaptation of the laws of the land to suit its requirements. . But .in spite of this neglect, the gold-digging interest grew in importance till it made itself felt by making itself feared. The threat ofrebellion did what no demands for justice succeeded in doing. The Legis lature Hoegan to discuss the grievances of the diggers, and to ease their burdens. By-and by a still further concession was made, and diggers were allowed representatives—a step in the direction of making laws for themselves. By the time the Council arrived at the term of -its existence, its constitution had partly adapted itself to the. altered state of the co lony, and bore some nearer relation to the true order of.things. ■ The.first elections under the new Constitution will probably complete the change, and result in the formation of a Legis lature moretruly representative. In Sydney the signs of the coming time are already making themselves visible. Just as in a dissolving view the colours of the fading pic ture have scarcelygroimfaint before the out lines-of the new scene become visibly so, the old Council has. hardly been dissolved before the elements of the ney Legislature are gather ing together. ■ Hie Sections for Sydney and the SydneyjHarrdets have already taken' place, and they, with the coming elections for other districts, teach a very significant lesBon. • They show , that the old executive staff decline to enter competitively into'the new arena, dis trustful either of their competency or their popularity, aud^wh^re they do venture to seek the popular; suffrage the public voice declines to ratify, their claims. Only one of the late Executive* Mr. Blunkett^the Attorney General, has presented himself for election, and fhe citizens of Sydney have rejected liim. Me enjoyed, the support'of a powerful party, and the advocacy .of the leading journal; yet he filled, and unless, the Governor puts him into the Upper House.as a nominee, be will pro bably be left out . altogether. It has been frequently said in Sooth Australia that a change to responsible government would not in all probability displacethe existing Execu tive—that our present officials might hold their places undisputed fir years, with little other change that of holding a responsible in stead of an irresponsible office. Time will show liow.far this supposition is correct. In New South Wales, at any rate, it does not appear to bejtbe case. r There,: the old Execu tive thre^ens 'tb ' vanish altogether from the scene along .wifithebygone Constitution of which formed,apart The new system will be worked altogether, with new men. It will probably he ihesqme in Victoria. "What it nwH fee m Tasmania the forthcoming elections wriUahow, - 