FORM OF PRAYER AND THANKSGIVING. Lhc following is the form of the Prayer and,Thanks giving to Almighty God for the signal and repeated successes obtained by the troops of Her Majesty, and by those of her allies, in the Crimea, and especially for the capture of the town of Sebastopol, used at Morning and Evening Service, after the General Thanksgiving, in all churched and chapels in England and Wales, and in the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, upon Sunday, September 30, or upon the Sunday after the ministers of such churches and chapels shall respectively receive the same:— " O Lord God Almighty, the Disposer of all human events, in whose haud is power and might which none is able to withstand, we, Thine unworthy servants, de sire to approach Thy throne with the tribute of praise and thanksgiving. We bless and magnify Thy name for the successes granted to our countrymen and the ! armies allied with them, now engaged in a mighty war fare and defending the rights and independence of nations, and especially for the signal victory by which ! the stronghold of the enemy has been overthrown. We acknowledge, O Lord, that the wisest counsels and the strongest arms, without Thee, cannot but fail: for Thine, O Lord, is the greatness, and the power, and the victory, and the majesty ; and therefore, not unto us, O Lord, not unto us, but unto Thy name, be all praise and glory ascribed. " Continue, we beseech Thee, Thy favour to the allied forces both by sea and land ; let not the glory of their progress be stained by ambition or sullied by revenge; i but let Thy Holy Spirt support them in danger, control them in victory, and raise them above all temptation to evil. And grant that this and all other successes which have crowned the bravery and rewarded the endurance of our armies may issue in the return of peace and the restotation of Christain brotherhood among nations. " Finally, O Lord, we entreat Thee so to dispose and turn oui hearts that Thy mercy, now manifested towards us, may engage us to true thankfulness, and incline us, as a nation, to walk more humbly aud devoutly before Thee, by obeying Thy Holy word, by reverencing Thy holy day, and by promoting throughout the land the | knowledge of Thee, the only true God, and of Jesus | Cnrist whom Thou hath sent, to whom, with Thee and the Holy Ghost, bs all honour and glory, world with* ' out end. Amen." . 