MELBOURNE GOSSIP. ' {Via Bendigo.) Tho near approach ot the sitting of Parliament will supersede our speculations of the policy which will be pursued. The Government party — that is to say, the officials and their satellites — aro inspired with confi dence, tliat placo and its emoluments are not to depart by an unprovided death. The present with tliem are halcyon days—' Carpe diem' is their motto; the future can talco care of itsolf. Tho Opposition, whe ther they sit aboro or below the gangway, or on the cross benches, are all-powerful in numbers, 'ability, and popular favor Every member' who is not with tho Government, is against it. Tho ministry is known in its members, its policy, and its acts. It lias had suffi cient timo to make a character, good or bad. Those who do not tako their seats on tho ministerial side of the House, virtually exhibit ' want of confidence'' — those who wish to express things iu languago, suited to. ear3 polite, call it .diffidence of the powers that be. Both amount to the same thing. Though the Government poople promulgate exaggerated vauntings of strength at the bidding^ of their masters and patrons, you may. rest assured that the ministers havo not a working majority. If the liberals play their game with judgment, it will be seen upon tlie first trial of strength, upon a legitimate occasion, that the ministry will be in a minority. What I meaa by a legitimate occasion, is upon a divi sion upon a measure in which tho people are interested, and in. favor of which they- havo pronounced. The phlegmatic members in the libcial ranks, and such are to bo found iu. every body of men, have at present a plea l'or sitting below the ' gangway,' that they do not know the Opposition, its leaders, or the mode in which, they will redeem their pledgos to the people. The people 'themselves look on, content to watch the progress of the game. They are in the back ground, rcaay to come forward when they see neeessity lor their ?interference. 'Whatever may be tho plan of the game on either side, the first pawn has not been yet moved, and it is useless for them or mo to analyze what wo cannot possibly know. The knights and the bishops on either side will take their places on the board as tho game proceeds, but it is a universal remark that the lookers on aro tho most acute to detect a falso move, tho playo s are too much absorbed, too much interested to make the best use of their eyes. Hope is the most delusive' and self complaisant passion of the human mind; it is tho anchor which holds the cabinet 'to its moorings, but as tho holding ; ground is bad, it will drivo iu tho first gale of wind which disturbs the poli tical atmosphere. ? These good Ministers of ours are putting their house in order, expectant of a speedy dissolution. The life interest in otlico which has been so long promised to them by the Argus , has already become a dissolving, view, and they havo made up their mind3 to meet their end with Christian resignation. At the command of the Governor, they will on Thursday next for the first time in their official lives put them on their knees to pray that they may be directed. It would have been well if they had sooner bethought themselves of this pious exercise ; but better lato than never, though moralists assure us that but slight reliance can baplaceiupon death bed reformations, but faith can remove mountains. They have faith, and hope ; and charity will not be wanting before they die. Indeed they make a manifesta tion of that virtue also, for iu the exercise of faternal love, they call upon the people — ^without distinction of creed or sect — to join them in prayer. The political millennium lias arrived at last. It is a consolation to think that these tinners will give up the ghost possessed of these cardinal virtues, and that the people will ex claim, one and all, ' God be with them.' Their days _&ro; numbered, and they know it, though the compas sionate indulgence of the people may give them time to make their last will and testament. ! I visited yesterday both. Houses of Parliament, aud 1 cannot see the possibility of tho two chambers being finished for tho despatch of bnsiness. Ono of them is in n state of forwardness, and may answer tho purpaso of assembling and performing the indispensable pre liminaries. I should not besurprisodif thisiucomplete. ness of the chambers and the approaching arrival of tho - new Governor, should bo made an excuse by the Go vernment to put of tho evil day, by proposing an ad journment until the chambers are made tenantable an'l tho Governor lias arrived. On the other hand, I under stand that tho Ministry havo several bills in a state of preparation to bo presented to Parliament ; but, as you may assume, none of them come within the programme of the peoplo, it may bo their policy to occupy tho titm of the House until the Governor arrives. As wo havo now a full Parliament, and no nominees to do tho will 1 of the Minister, it will depend upon tho Houso of Assembly to decide whether they will permit tho delay, should auy such proposal be made. It appears pretty evident to me, from tho gleanings I gather from one quarter and another, that tne liberal party— tho possibility of which I havo already autici- ? pated — will bo divided into two sections, but I do not ? ; apprehend that any great injury will arise from that circumstance. There will always be divergences of' opinion among bodies the bost disciplined and organ ized, while in our case, whore tho work before our ? representatives is so now to many of them, a perfect ' and cordial coincidence could scarcely have been ex pected. It is enough for a beginning that they hold . principles in common, and are pledged to defiaitj measures of reform dictated by tho peoplo. 