THE PROTOCOLS. (From the Leader, Maij D.) I Tho Protocols ostablish beyond a doub that tho Russian Plenipotentiaries came t Paris determined upon peace. Tho point they resisted were : The uso of tho won " protectorate" to describo tho privilege sui rendorcd by Russia in tho Principalities ; th presenco of small vessels of war under th (lags of all nations, at the mouths of th Danube ; tho destruction of tho forts on th eastern coast of tho Black Sea ; the perenty, tory application of tho neutral principle t Nicolaiof*, Kherson, and tho Sea of Azof the substitution of the frontier lj bctwee Adjibrami and Chotym for that betwee Znlkszczyky and tho Kims Elias mouth c tho Danube ; tho limitation of tho Black Se marine to polico vessels ; and the admtssio: of tho Sultan's right to establish relation with his Christian subjects, freo fron all control on tho part of tho negotiating Powers. On these subjects the Russia! Plenipotentiaries endeavoured to obtain modification of tho terms proposed ii bohalf of Turkey and tho Western Powers Their opposition, however, appeared oxpori mental. Neither Lord Clarendon nor Coun Walowski held a very doctded tono wit! roferenco to tho demarcation of tho Danubiai frontier ; thoir first reply was a concession They adhorod to tho principle of tho Viennt " point," but admitted at onco that they onlj refused to depart ** ontiroly" from it. This gave Count Orloff an advantage. Ho im mediately complimented tho conciliatory spirl of tho Allies, drew a fresh lino upon tho map and cut off from Moldavia a considorablo pro portion of tho territory which had beor assignod to it in tho diplomatic propositions of tho Wcstorn Powors. Ho was succossful also, in excluding from tho Treaty a stipula tion for tho disarmament of tho Russian torritorio3 on tho eastern coast of tho Bluet Soa. Other stipulations, to which tho Russian Plenipotentiaries at tho outsot objectod, wen finally admitted to tho full extent, in prin ciple, though with modification of forms nnil dotnil. It was impossible to dony, aftor thc production of tho Organic Statute, by Aal Pacha, that tho word *' protectorate" had boer employed. It was equally impossible, thoro fore, to refuse tho renunciation, not of guaran toes only, but of tho exclusivo protectorate o tho Principalities. Count Orloff assented, also after somo discussion, to tho admission inti tho Black Soa of light polico vossols under thc flags of all tho Powers ; to tho abolition of thc forts on all parts of tho coast, so far as thoj can bo construed to havo oxistod us military maritime arsenals ; and, by a recorded declara tion, though not by a clause in tho Treaty, to tho neutralization of Nieolaieff, Kherson, and tho Sea of Azof. In proof of his sincority in this respect, tho Emperor Alexander proposos to demand from tho Sultan a free passage through tho Dardanelles for tho two ships ol tho lino which alono constituía his naval forco nt Nieolaieff. These vessels will proceed to tho Baltic, leaving tho Euxino without for midnblo nrmamonts of any description. Tho rectification of tho Asiatic frontier wns assented to upon tho understand- ing, to which Austria had proviou3ly plodgod horsolf, that it should involvo no cossions ol' territory on oithor side. Whon thoso bases woro settled, clauses woro rapidly added to tho Treaty. Tho revision of tho Dardanelles Convention, tho neutralization of tho Aland Isles, tho restitution of Kars, tho admission of Consuls to tho Black Sea ports, tho prohi- bition of military-maritimo arsonals on tho actual coast of tho Black Sea, tho freedom ot tho Danube, tho exchange of torritorios and prisoners, tho amnesty to suhjocts of all tho states compromised by tho war, tho guarantee of tho Mohlo-Walluchiun provinces from" political nnd military intervention, and tho renunciation of soparato privilogos and guarnntoos, woro agreed to aftor conciliatory discussions. On tho subjoct of tho Danubian Principalities, opinions were strongly diviclod. Tho Plenipotentiaries of Franco, Croat Britain, Sardinia, and Russia concurred in tho declaration that Moldavia and Wallachia should form ono govornmont. This idea was distinctly opposed hy tho Porto and by Austrin. On tho ono sido, it was contandod that tho' union of tho Principalities would bo au inva- sion of thoir rights, and nn act of violonce to tho foolings of tho majority. On tho other, it was shown that tho inhabitants havo ropoatodly exorcised thoir dosiro for tho establishment of a united stato, govornod by ono council, undor tho prosidonoy of ono viceroy. Tho Plenipotentiaries, in spite of an affoctod hesitation on tho part of Count Orloff, eagerly concurrod in establishing tho principios : That privateering is, and romains, abolisliod ; that freo ships mako freo goods, oxoopt contraband of war ; that neutral goods, oxcopt such contraband, ave not Hablo to solzuro untlor an onomy's Hag j and thnt block- ades, in ordor to bo binding, must bo offuc tlvo. It is a sorioua question whothor, in tho ovont of n gonoral war, tho maritlmo powors will not rojoot tho admission of such n princi- pio as thnt which onablod Prussia, during tho contest botweou Russia and tho Western Powors, to sustain tho public onomy by moans of hor carrying trade, and thus to diminish tho inflttonco of tho Baltic blockade. Tliol'Vonch Govornmont did not suocoott In its offorts to oonvort tho Oonforonoo into neon RpUuey against tho romnimtllbortios oXE^ronc^ In reply to Count Cavour's memorial, elicited by an exclamation of tho Emperor, though not published among tho Acts of tho Conference, tho French, British, and Austrian Plenipoten- tiaries placed on record a series of declarations with reference to Greoeo, Belgium, and Italy, Tho circular addressed this week by tho French Government to tho provincial public, oxhorting thom to rcdoublo their oilbrts for tho eradica- tion of secret societies, betray» tho fact that Franco is undermined by conspiracy, that the organization of tho Marianne lias become formi- dable, and that tho Kuropoan policy of Louis Napoleon is naturally at varianco with tho real interests and principles of tho English pooplo. It is to unito tho military powers in an alliance for.tho suppression of politioul activity, wher- ever manifested on tho Continent, that tho exertions of Paris and Vienna will now ho directed. Count Cavour's Memorial, tho pre- cise tenure ol' which wo wero enabled to explain a fortnight ago, drew on a discussion of some asperity between tho representatives of Austria and Sardinia. Count Buol and Baron Hubner declined, in positivo languago, to express either a wish or an assuranco on tho subject of thc withdrawal of tho Austrian troops from tho Le- gations; dcclarod that tho occupation of Monaco by Sardinia was contrary to tho privileges of an indopondont prince ; that tho former occupation of Naples by Austria took placo under tho sanc- tion of tho Congross of Laybach; and that Sardinia, " a stato of tho socond order," hail no right to question tho agreement of five groat Powers. Count Cavour, who maintained his atti tu d o with spirit and dignity, insisted that tho Conferenco should protest against tho prolonged occupation of Bomo : justified his claim on tho ground that tho Aus- trian authority in tho Legations having lasted sovcu years, was daily assuming a more perma- nent character ; that tho stato of siege at Bologna continued^ in undiminished severity; that tho presence of lbroign troops destroyed tho balance of Italian power ; and that her armies, l'estihg on Forrara and Placcntia, oxtondod ulong tho Adriatic to Ancona, and gavo her : an Italian influonco in opposition to tho spirit I of troatics and to tho general interests of Europo. Neither in his reply nor in Iiis Memorial, howorcr, did Count Cavour I consider tho wholo Italian question. Tho go- vernment of tho Popo is in that position that to uphold it without actual military assistance seems impossible. Tho Italians will not sub- mit, permanently, to tho Pope, or tho King of Naples, or tho Emperor of Austria, or to tho pestilential littlo despotism ol' Modona or Par- ma. Tho suggestions of tho French and Bri- tish Plenipotentiaries woro moro slaves to a difliculty, while from tho Austrian nothing was elicited but au exhibition of obstinate and rancorous arrogance Tho Protocols, wo have said, provo that Rus- sia was determined upon relieving herself of tho dangers and sufferings contracted by thc war. Thoy prove, moreover, that Europo has nothing to hope from tho diplomacy of tho negotiating Cabinots. Tho governments havo interests, which they aro caroful to dofond. Tho nations havo othor intorests, which they will assort at their own opportunity ; intorosts ignored by a Congress of Plonipotontarios. A Fox HUNT IN Livntiroor..-For somo time past, n largo foreign-bred fox lias boen prowling about tlio tim- ber yards and quays of tho Southern portion of tho Liverpool docks, much to tho nnnoyanco of somo poultry keepers, while dog ownors and sportsmen havo boon ailbrdod a considerable amount of oxoiteiuont. Itumonr says thora ÍB not ono fox only, but many ; and if a titho bo dono of what report speaks, a do/on nt lonst " bark for prey at midnight hour." Tho robborios committed scorn to havo boen to such an amazing oxtont that the sufferers turned out in a body on Friday night last aided by dogs and guns. Tho hunt was not successful. On Saturday morning, thoro was additional ovidonco of tho prosonuo of "sly Reynard." Ho lind run nwny with n fiivourito han whioh was sitting a number of oggs that cost tho owuor a half-crown a piece. That morning tho oggs woro to have been bntchod. On Saturday evening, six men woro stationed around tho timbor shed; but nlthough they remained from fl o'clock in tho evening till il o'clock tho following morning, no fox was to bo seen: On Sunday afternoon, however, as a man was passing along Lower Harrington-street, ho saw Reynard quietly enjoying himsolfon n pilo of timbor. A lino and ory was soon sot up. Mr. Chalonor's mon, who bad watched tho previous night, wore again soon on tho hunt, and a most ludicrous scone followed. Tho fox was driven from ono blook of wood to another, with dogs and mon in full cry after him. Tho sport eominonccd about ö o'clock, and continued lill ll in tho ovening, when tho fox was caught by n man nnmod Iblo, who cropt botwoon somo timber, and by tho aid of a dog brought him from his lair. This is tlio second fox which has boen caught in Toxteth Park within four yoars. It is said tho animals osciipo from foreign vcssols entering tho dooks.-Liver- pool Mercury. j WHY TUB UNITED KINOPOM WAS NOT Rnvor.imoNizi:» IN 184H-I).-How did it happen that tho United King- dom, which had so much to do in originating tho distress that led Europe to revolution itsolf escaped tho baneful influonco ? This is « quostion of deep importnuco to tlio futuro welftiro of Europo, to tho futuro penco ol' pcoplos, mid to tho futuro government ol'princes. In tlio first place, thoro is on tho throno n justly popular (¿noon, mid not nn unpopular King, who thus imitas in horsolf tho feeling of loynlty to tho Hovereign mid nf devotion to her sox. Dut porlmps tho main ronson is, that in England tho pooplo, proporly so on Hod, nro governed their own way, mid not anybody olso's. It is very true, thoy may bo decoivod, as they often havo been, into measiiros vory much to their dundvnntago ; bul thoy know vory well that they havo nobody but thom selvos to thank for it. If absoluto princes would learn that it takes very mitch loss trouble to govern States when thoy nro governed ns tho pooplo liku, mid not ns others like, nnd woro to moko it a rule to ascertain what their pooplo really did want, and net upon that information, tho art of government would bo very inuoh simpler than it is. Laws aro readily obeyed whon ull mon hollovo thnt thoy nro for their own individual as woll as for tho publiu ndvnnlng\ Tho fidelity ol' tho member.) of seorot Boolotios to tho most absurd mid oppressive regulations nrlsos solely from this bul lof. Thoro can really bo vory littlo sntisfaction in paying soldiers to appross pensants, citizens, and nobles. llasldoH, a military despotism bas tho advnntnga of hoing always Hablo to military inlldelily ; mid though almost omnipotent ovor others, thu despot in often thu slavo of a licentious soldiery himsolf. Wlioroas, wero bo to reign in tho hoarts of his people, ho would rulo right royally whilo ho livod, and livo in their nfl'ootloimto roniombranuo when dead. Auothor omiso of England's satiBfaatluii with mid faith in its form of govoniuiont is, that it is peculiarly its own. 1U origin ÍB lost in remoto antiquity; it has grown tu lit Its wants, mid been lidded U ns occasion required, mid not been pulled down mid built up spick nnd spun, cold mid uomfortless. lt has boen comnnrud lo nu old family inauldon, to which con- tinual additions linvu buen unido ns occasion required, without regard to nruhlteotiiro or oU'eet, Tho COIIHO. qtionco is, that it ls very quaint and incongruous to look nt, but very snug to livo in. Though its willward opponr. anco may hnvo ulinngcd much slnco it was llrnt built, yoi each addition lins at tho limo boon but inconsiderable, nnd has nooroo ulfoutod its general oliamutorj so thai lt has destroyed little of its vnnernblo ivy.grown antiquity or Immemorial prustigo. Nor is tho Kngllsh raeo IOSH composilo thnn its constitution i fur tho chivalry of the Norman blood, mid tlio iinittlualtundonuiuHiif Hui Danish Viking, havo boon blondell with tho plodding lnditslry of tho Saxon lu order to form ll. Tho poaptu is dillleult to blow into revolutionary sturm, hoonuso lt ronlly has nothing to gain and everything to IOHO by it. Thoro is no country In tho world, from tho United Stillos tu Rus- sia, whore n man ls BO muuh his own master mid no ono's Borvnnt ns ho in in tho Hellish islnnds ur colonies, In fow paris of tho world omi ho do what ho IHCUB, say ; wiiat ho likes, mid go wiirra hu Rhos without olthov per mit or passport. lu no country ls lunn HO froo to oxpress his opinions on nil mibjects, whether ns lo thu form of government or mi tn purliotiliir Institutions | [opinions willoh, ir oxprossed in Amerlon, might itmiKo him to bo lynched, or In Hitssla would consign him lo Siborku- Cuijlryi Jtcvvt it lions 0/ Wy-D, THE FTOST LION.-« Go on," I said to my companions, " I will follow you." Thoy bad scarcely gon ten paces, when a most formidable roar resounded in the ravino at our very feet.' This roar filled my heart with so mucli joy, that forgetting Ute unfortunate state of my gun, and without earing whether I was followod or not, I dashed through tho wood In soaroh of tho lion, When I ceased to hear him, I stoppod to listen. Bou-nziz and Bou. oumbnslc woro upon my heels, palo ns ghosts, not daring to speak, but goslioulating at a great rate, to mako mo comprehend thnt I was sacrificing ray lifo. A few minutes after tho lion roared again, at about a hundred pnces from us ; and at tho very first growl I dashed for- ward, rushing through tho wood with tho impetuosity of a wild animal. When tho lian ceased to roar, I halted again in a small glade, where my two companions joined mo. My dog, who until then had kept behind ino, without seeming to comprehend, began to sniff tho wind ; whoa ho enlerod ibo wood cautiously, with his hair bristling nnd his tail low : a minuto aftor he came galloping back much frightened, aud crouched down between my legs. Soon aftor this I hoard loud mid heavy slops on tho loaves which covered tho ground, nnd tho rustling of a hugo body through tho trees bordoring tho glade. It was tho Bon himself leaving his lair, and ascending towards us, without suspecting our prosonco. Bou-nziz und tho spnhi wot o already shouldering their guns. I then pointed out to them with my foot n lontiso somo pnces bohind mo, telling them not to stir from that spot until tho end of tho drntnn, a command which they did not fail to obey. Indeed, I must givo these worthy fallows muoh credit for persisting in staying by me, not- withstanding thoir oxtroino terror ; for, judge it as you please, I, for my part, think it no menn courage, when you have your doubts about tho success of an adventure, to accept tho passivo part of spectator, and to remain unmoved on tho scono of action. Tho lion was still ascending ; I could now mensura tho distança which snpnratod me from him, and could distinguish tho regu- lar, rumbling sound of his henvy breathing. I then ad- vanced n few paces nearer to tho edge of tho glade whoro I oxpootod him to appear, in ordor to havo a chanco of shooting him eloser. I could already hear him advanc- ing at ¡10 paces, then at 20, then at 10; still I folt no fear, All I thought was, supposo ho were to turn back 1 Sup poso ho docs not como out into tho glade I And at each sound which showed him nearer to mo, my heart boat louder, in u complote rnptiiro of joy nud hopo. Ono anxious thought only crossed my mind. " What if my gun woro to miss Oro?" said l', glancing down upon it. But confidence again prevailed, and my only anxiety was for tho long-wishcd-for appearance of my foe. Tho lion, after n short pauso, which seemod to mo an ago. bogan lo como forward again ; and presently I could seo beJbro mo, by tho starlight, at but a few paces ol)', tho top of a 8raull trco, which I could almost touch, actually shakon by tho contact of tho lion. This was Iiis last pauso. Thoro was now botweon us two but tho thickness of that single tree, covorcd with brnnches from tho foot upwards. I was standing with my face to the wood, and with my gun pointed, so as to bo ready to Oro tho mo- ment tho animal should enter tho gludo; nnd having still nn interval of about n second, I took nd vantage of it to mako sure that I could regulate properly tho aim of my barro!. Thanks ton glimmer ol'light which enmo from thu West, to tho clearness of tho sky flllod with shining stars and to tho whiteness of tho glndo, which was con- spicuous against tho dark groon of tho forest, I could just soo tho ond of my barrels ; that was all, hut it sulllcod for so oloso nu aim. lt is scnrcoly neces- sary to say that I did not waste much time in this investigation. I was beginning to find that tho nnimnl was rather slow in his motions, nnd to fear that, instond of advancing unsuspiciously, ho lind bacomo nwaro of my prosonco and wns about to spring over tho lentsia whioh separated us. As if to justify this fear, tho lion gavo two or throe deep growls, and thou bogan to roar furiously. Oh 1 my fellow-disciples of St. Hubert ; you, who cnn feel and understand, fancy your- selves nt night in tho opon forest, limning aguinst n small tree, out of whioh risos n volley of roars enough to drown tho noiso of thunder itself. Imagino your- selves with only ono singlo shot to Oro on this formi- dable nnimnl, who only fulls by the merest chanco umlov a singlo hall, and who kills his opponont without mercy, if he is not killed himself. Von cnn doubtless under- stand that, had 1 trusted to my strength alone my hoart would havo failod mo ; in spito of my efforts my sight would have booomo dim and my hand unsteady. Ves ; I will confess frnnkly and without shame, that terrible ronr mado mo fool that man was small indoed in prosonco of tho lion; and without n firm will and that ubsnliito confhlonco which 1 derived from tho inexhaust- ible Sourco of nil power, I boliovo I should havo failod in that awful moment. But this strength enabled mo to listen to tho tremendous voioo of my enemy without trembling or even emotion ¡ nnd to tho end I ratnined n perfect mastery over tho pulsations of my heart und a full control over my nerves. Whon 1 hanni tho lion mako n last stop I niovod a littlo aside, and no sooner did his enormous hoad rise out of thu wood, at two or three yards' distance from mo, mid ho slopped tn stare nt mo with a look of wonder, thnn I mined botwoon tho oyo and ear, and slowly pressed tho triggor. From tho instant I touched this, until I heard tho report of tho gun, my hoart coasod to beat. After tho shot leonid soo nothing,' hut through tho smoko which enveloped tho lion, 1 benni the most iro mcndoits, agonizing, and fearfully protracted roar. My two mon meantime lind jiiinpod up, but without making it stop forward, and nimble lo sen anything, stood with their guns shouldered, ready to Ore. For myself, I wailed dagger in hand, and one knee on tho ground, un- til tho smoko should disperse, mid t could sou how mnttors stood. As soon us all was clour, 1 behold-first ono paw-and heavens, what it paw I then ono leg, thou n shoulder, then tho head-nnd nt last, tho whola body of my enemy. Ho biyan his dido, and gavo not tho smallost signs of lifo! "Talso carel do not approach him yet," cried Bou-nziz, throwing n largo stone, which bounded from tho lion's corpse. 1 Io was doini I That day was tho Utli of duly, 181-1. Without allowing mo timo to approach my victim, to contémplalo and to touch him, my companions sprang towards mo liku two mad- men, and 1 had all tho trouble in tho world to savo myself from being knocked down, and smothered hy their wild demonstrations of enthusiasm, gratitude, ami joy. Aftor mo it bconmo tho lion's turn, upon whoso dead carcass they showered insults, epithets, and blows, firing nt tho sumo timo shat ult er shot to miuouiico tho news to tho neighbouring donan. After jumping, dancing, gambolling, and howling to their henri's eon toni around tliunuimiil; nfter mi'iisiiriiig his length, tho breadth of his bend and of lils paws, tho size of his tooth and claws, I was at Inst allowed to soo and touch him in ponce, and at my luisnro. I had no dilllctilly in nscer I tniuhig that he was indued tho ancient monarch of th«« j forest. To glvn nn idea or what this lion was, it will I sn ll)co to any, Mint with tho strength or our six arius, wo were iinahlo to turu him round; and that lils head nlouo was so liiassivo and honvy that I could scarcely raise it from tho ground.-Life und /tdrentures of Jules Gerard, the Uon-UiUer. Tim Fnr.Noit " BHIUMIISOUIT."-In Franco, M. Bour mnuu manufactures n concentrated nutritivo compound, under tho name of " Biscuit-bumf," which closely ru Humbles tho meat-biscuit of tho Texas. This biscuit btcur lins attrautod tho attention of tho brauch Commis- sariat Bopartinenl, ns Oppenrod by tho ccitillcnto of General do Feuoliercs, Inspootor-Gcuornl of troops, or thu General of Brigade, Mylin*, mid nf tho ofllcors nf tito fifith llogimout of thu lino, appended lo M. Bour mniin's prospcotiiH. Tho following is thu sum of what 1 have buen able to loam relativo to Um preparation of thu nient- biscuit. Tho quarters of heel', immersed in a quantity of water suOloiunt tu cover thom, uro subjoetoil tn a lung and slow ebullition, The liquid, nl'ter tho fut has boen skimmed off, ls evaporated lo thu consistence of syrup ; it is then incorporated willi lino wheaten Hour, in quantity sulllclent tn give lt u consistotieu (inpnblo nf yioldlng tn thu rolling-pin. When rolled out lo tho thickness af uti ordinary ship-biscuit, (hu euko is plinked nnd entinto tho angular form host ndaptod fur stowngo ; tho munt-biscuits nru then baited in Ibo oven, aro thoroughly dried and packcil for uxpiirlnthm. They nan bo eaten ns biscuits in (ho dried stale, and Ibis ls tho grcnt value or thuin to tho .soldier whon in lim trench or on tho march ; but they tilford n morn rapid mid comforting kind nf sustenance ir limy aro broken up in about SI) times their weight ol' waler, mid, with (lin addition nf suntu salt or other condiments, bolled for Uti or 00 minutes. Au excellent mid most nulrlllmiH soup ls Hms romilly oblalnuil.-I'roftssor ihren'» lteyort on Alimentary Substance* in the Varls Exhibition. lloTi-u.-KiimuNn.-Tho ncoounls of thu Reform Club alford sumo insight Into tho IIIIBIIIUSH of holol-kr-opimr. Tho annual receipts amount lo IMG,UKI, (Vam 1911» mniiiherH. Thu impimi nemiunt ls .L'1111,000, equal tn nu annual rent of. I'INOO. Ground-rent .L'1000, ami taxes .(.'WOO. Meru ropnlrs aro yonily .VOOD, whereof kellie tinkering ls X70. Fuel is XII l t, light I'llilU. Washing Oginos fur X'000, ohtniiicy-MWoopH 4¡20, UrushcH A'n4, Annual hreakngu nf glasti, icc, i'.'WH, wear ol'linen .t'llllll. Icu is X'KIH, " Hiilill'aiid tutithpluks 1,73," winding clocks JL'tfl, playing ourdn X'HO. Tho stock ol' cigars appears tn reach ÜIIU0. Tho stock of wino ls nilly .Ci) HU, mid thu prellt joarly tm «alus -MOO. 'l\mt such a trilling Horvlmi ns donning windowH should onst Ills, per week, will give some idea or tho honvy costs of ii lurg" establishment In thu most inslgiililuimt items, Sinitf and toothpicks m»t about ls, Ud. por member per annum. Considering thu gamblers Heidorn play twlcu with tho «»ino pack td' nnrds, thu small amount nf X'HO roronrds shows llml Ibo «mouul of uninbliim ls vu ry numil lu tho club, 