' Maying .the foundation stone of'-' st.' j ' paul's college. . t The ceremony of laying the first or foundation stone| of St. Paul's 'College, in connection' with the Uni versity of - Sydney,' took' place, in accordance with previous announcement, at noon vesterdav, in. the presence of n numerous assemblage. The site chosen for the ' edifice is at once appropriate aiuV pictu resque; picturesque; in so ' far as it eominands a. prospect of the city and surrounding scenery, in clusive of Botany Bay, Cook's Biver, and the Blue Mountains to the westward, -rand ' appropriate, be- qattse of' its proximity to the University, .to; which It is an afflliatcd Institution. The. new building will occupy an elevated positibn'bn the eastern side of what Is at present known' as" tlie Grose Farm, or Archdeaconry PiiddheksV near O'Connell Town,' the? site being close to the Newtown Road, and about ObO or 000 yards iu the rear of 1 the University Building; now in progress. 7,' - ; 4 1 ' " 'Among the'compnnyaprescnt we noticed, in a'ddi- tioh-to the learned and reverend personages who took a prominent' part in the ceremonies, the chief officers of- thc r Governnient, .tlie Jndgesi, several members of tlie Legislature,' various civil and mili tary officers, and many of our most influential citi zens. A very large attendance of the fair sox also' graced tho ceremony. ; .-/ ..i- . ' :i ! Shortly after' twelve o'clock, bis Excellency the Governor-General arrived on the ground.and having been - met at the entrance 'gate on the Newtown Bond by tlie officials and rcvereugehtlemen de puted for tho' occasioii, n'processipn w.ns formed, and tlie party proceeded to the' spot in the following or der:— -- " :'-v .. ... !The Boadle;. the Registrar ; Students, of the University ; Clergymen ' Junior Fellows ithe Wnr:, den ;( Senior Fellows; the Principal and Professors ;: the, Senate ; . Marchearer; the Provost j Uh Lord Bishop of Sydney; llis Excellency the, Governor-Ge neral and suite. ' ! . . ." : During the npproncli of his Excellency the btuid of tlie ' XI th regiment played several appropriHtej. compositions, and ou his arrival at the site of tlie proposed building, concluded by playitig die National Anthem. ' 1 . His Excellency, immediately on arrival, descended tlie steps leading to the foundation stone, which was suspended in the usual manner; and took up a posi tion on the west side. ' Oh his right were tiie,Bishop, .the Seuntc ntul Fellows; niul ou his left, 'tho Chan cellor, Warden, rand other dignitaries." , The Lord Bishop of Sydney 'commenced the pro-? cecdings by invoking a blessiug upoii the work about to|be undertaken, aud afterwords read aloud tlio. fol lowing prayers:— Prevent us, 0 Lm-d, in all f our doings with Thy most gracious favour, and further, us witli Thy cou- tinued help ; tliat in all our works begun, .continued and ended in Tliee, we may glorify Thy Holy-Niune, and finally.by Thy. mercy, obtaiu everlastiug life ; through Jesus Christ Our Lord. r Amen'. .,t . . .J f j Collect for the 1 st:Sunday qfilcr Trinity . 0 God, the streugtii of-- all them that put their tmikfin Thee, mercifully i: accept our prayers; aud because through the weakness of our mortal nature we can do no good thing without Tliee, grant us the help of Thy grace, tliat iu keeping of Thy com - mandraeiits' we may plcoso j'Thce, both in will and deed; 'through Je9ns Christ Our Lord. Aiuon. - THE CONVERSION OF SAINT PAUL. 1 . : The Collect . ' O G on, who1 through the preaching 'of the blessed Apostle St. Paul, hast caused the light of the Gospel to sliiue throughout tho world ;J Grant, we beseech Tliee, that we, having his wonderful conversion in remembrance, mayvsliew forth our thankfulness unto Thee for tho '8ame,C,by following 'the holy doctrine which he taught; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen; - :V. ». ':J; ' " SAINT SIMON ANDSATNT JUDE, Al'OSTLES. ; - ThetCollecl. ; . 0 Almighty God, wlio Iiost built". Thy Olmroli upon tlio foundation of tli'Apostloa jand Froplicts, Josus Clirist Himself boing'the head'corncr. stono; Grant us so to' he joined together in'.' unity of spirit by their doctrine, that we maybe made an holy temple acceptable unto Tliee; "through' Jesus Christ Our Lord. Amen. ,, - A GENERAL SUPPLICATION. , Almighty and Everlasting Gop, who by. Thy holy Apostle linst taught us to innke prayers, and, stippli- cntious, and to give titanks for nll'mon; wo humbly beseeeb Tliee most mercifully to receive these our prayers wliicli we offer unto Thy Diyine Mnjesty ; beseeching Tliee to inspiro continually tho Universal Cltnroh witli tlio spirit , of truth, unity,1 and coneord ; we pray Tliee also to save nnd defend all Christian Kings, Princes, mid Governors, and especially Thy errant Viotnrin our Qtteon; we beseccltP.TIice sIbo to regard witli Tliy favour His Excellency i the .Gbvernor-Gcneral nnd all in authority' ill this' colony, tliat in . their several vocations "they' may truly nnd faithfully servo Thee to the glory, of Thy Name, and the edifying and well governing of tlio people, remembering the , account that tliey must oun day give. . Give grace, O Heavenly Father, to' all Ministers of Thy.Holy Word and Saiirainbnls;. and especially to tlie BiBhop and Clergy of tlie United Olmroli1 of England and Ireland. iu"this country, tliat tliey. may both by their, life and. juc- trine set forth Thy true nnd lively word, and rightly, and duly administer Thy Holy; Sacraments : wo j)'ray . for the whole people of this land, that they may ijre in tho true faith and' fear of - Tliee, in .lmmlito obedience to the - Queen, and brotherly charity oiie to nnotiier. And we praise Thee nlso for nil those departed this life, iu the faith of Christ, and pray; Then that wo may have grace to direct our lives. by, their good example,' so . that with them we 'may be' partakers of the glorious resurrection; nnd the life everlasting, through Jesus Christ Our Lord. Amen. 0 Almighty God, whose" holy word is a lamp unto our feet nnd a light unto our path ; grant, we beseech Thee, Jiliat thy truth may 'direct 'anil snuolify tlie hearts and minds of nil who inny teach and of nil who may hereafter bo taught in this College, let Thy grnoioue enre never he wanting, so that in every age this may continue to be a . Seminary" of sound mid religious learning. - - . ! Grant that he, who in Thy good Providnnoo is to be called to tlie government of this Collego, may rule in thy fear mid love. \ Grant thnt tlie students may be enlightened by Thy Holy Spirit and by Thy blessed Word, nnd may serve their generation , as wise and . obedient disciples of an heavenly teacher. . Grant unto the promoters of this pious design dint tliey may see the work of their hands prosper- ing under thy continual care, nnd may themselves obtain the fulness of Thy heavenly blessing,, 1 ' . ; I' ' Grant tit'ito all who tiro ehgnge'd in t\io orooUon of tliisbullding tliat they tuny be kept, both in body anil soul, fropt all evil, anil .may glorify .Thco;. their \- Lord mid Master. > ..,1; >Vo,pralso Tltoo for tlio measure of siicioe.es tvhloh | lias tiius far crnwitod ottr" efforts. ' Wo ', glvo, tliiinks to Tliee that Thou line piitjt into tiio henrts bf Thy servants to offer lilinrally for - tliis work; Svejiiro un worthy to do -anything for TlieoJ but of Tliitio own ltavo wo given Tliee, nnd wo pray Tltto 'to aooept this our bouttden ; duty and soryieb not weighing our merits, ;but; pardoning, our offence's . through .Testis Christ, Our Lord; -by whom and iwitli whom, in'the uiiity, of Tito lloiy Ghost,; all lioiiour ,mul glory he titito,Theo, 0 Father Almighty, .world with out emL Athotl.. ,,' ; ,,, Our Father whioli 'art.fa' lieavan,; itallbwetl hp i'liy i name; ' ;Tliy kingdom come. Tliy will be dbuo in j earth', as it is in heaven; Give tis , this' iliiy our daily I bread j' and 'fbrgivb us our trospiissps as.wp'forgiyo ; diem tliat trespass tigninsf its j 1 mid lcatl'us tiot into I tomptntion ; ; but delivor its front e.vil,'for tiiitie is tlio kingdoini titeiower, uud the glory, for bvor aiid ietrer,.Amen...-.;ii !,-'> r,-;;, vb-i!!-:;- '' | Tito Warden tlton appronohed - Sir Willlarti'Doni-' json, and presented to his Excellenoy.an elegantly jwrought silver trowel, bparing.-.up.qn, it bonentit tlio (obilegiato lirnts atid..dtp , inottq, /f. peniquttPtclum" itho fojlowiug inscription br-,.,., "jigi' v. |" Presented to; Sir William Tltomtts Denison, Knight, " Gqvornbr- Gpnorul of licr;Majesty's Australasinn I ! Ooiotiies, and, Goyertior-in-Oliief bf tlio Colony J of, New Soitrtt , Wales on,;tltp qcousion.pf bis 1 Exccllonpy laying the foundation stono of SI. i ' Paul's College, 'within i tho University, of , Syd-; ney, on th'o'SBth January, A.b. 1850." " j Having received the . trowel, .at the .hands of tlio jWardph, tlio OovefnorrGeiiorai 'proceeded ;wltli tlio ceremony, in tiio 'ttsnoi-'form. ..Tho .stotie being lowered to1 its position'; Ills', '.Exc'cllen'py said i— I lay this as tholfu'tiridation tone of ii College withiti the University of Sydney/ to bo billed, St, Paul's.. College, 1 fertile prom'qtioh of sound lcirnitigmid. religious i training,' according to' tho dnetritio nti'd disoipline of tho United Church of England mid Ireland, in the name.of.the Father, and of tho Son,, and of the 'Holy. Ghost. f-Amen." rsv. | His ExoBLiENOY,;having roTascended the steps; said— Now, hiving finished .tlie work of the day, I may tie allowed to say a few words. : I hare laid tlie ' feitndatioh stone of. a new' atid '/.important building, and I 'trust in God I may j be blessed to live to, seq die coping-stone placed upon it — (Hear,. hear)—, and to see the college filled to overflowing with the yonth of the s colony, . who may ! rush to it mid take the benefit of the advantages which it will afford. I 'Have said that the college yyas intended for the in-;: 1 onlcntion of sound learning and religious training. Those who shall hereafter come to this colony, as well its those liowr ' resident in it,, will take advantage of tliis 'institution for fitting their sons : to oooupy the hnineroits openings to distinction which' are cou- tinnnlly presenting themselves in a new country. (Hear, hear.) There is a wide. opening for the np- pliontion of that information: tbe basis of which wns laid in such institutions. - But tiio ability. to benefit by, the education imparted is' : from' 'God; nud tlie students. tlint may. enter its' walls should bcitr in niind thnt tite -nso they mnko of the e'ducntiqn'tiiey receive (here .will he as liothhig, indeed' it will be. worse, it will be 'prejudicial rather tbnn uscful, if tbey do not take it ns the gift of God, nnd apply it to His ; service. . - (Hear, hear.) Wo owe this insti tution partly, to the liberality of private individuals, and partly to tlio judicious muuiGc-eucc of the. Lbgislnturo. (Hear, hear) ; but wo must look' for its, extensiod to those who - will devote a part of their' means to support an institution by menus of which their cltildrcn and children's ohildrcn. will receive a sound and religious education. (Hear, hear.) . To' the , want of an Institution such as this, and n'tini- ' versity snclt as we see risiug in' the lieighbnhrhnbd, nnd a subordinate institution — n grammar sehool — . to tbe, want of such institutions as those we owe mitcli of the evil that has beset tiio ciiildren of the colony ; -by. the parents being reduced to tho neces sity of sending their children to far distant institu tions— to the mothor-conutry' to ' receive ti suitablo edncntion,. or; giving them such a training'as it was posBilflo.to do. at titoir own homes..' Now,- there are two great, .evils., that attend such- alter natives. By the first course— sending lite children to tlio mother- conntry — tlio parent loses nil cliock or control over thcm.i It is beyond his power to. watch over hi9 child's moral and religious principles, those prinei- . pies onhvhicli llis : prosperity most depended. By (iHtiiiiiiu ut'iiig ot;u» mvim iiviiivyiiwu, tit; iv.ita iiic devclopemctit of those dqtneslie advantages on which morality and religion are based. On the 'oilier hand,. 'suppose the parent. keeps his child at home, -the ' effect invariably ' is to encourage tlio growth of sclflsh feelings,! i -Tho child; in-tliis case, loses the heneflt .of . the rubbing off. of " the edges which' every boy, experiences;! wbo'ntteuds a pitblio sclioot. - Instead of looking, on' himself as a mem- bc'r of Booiety.'lie s led tolnok on himself ns n'dis-; sociated individhal, mid his feelinga then altogether centre in himself, . 'I do not know which of tlie two cases is the worse/ . Both are, ' though differently, equally bnd. In thy own experience I'have felt tho hardship under which a parent/ suffers from, the want of proper educational institutions in the oniony. I have beep obliged to sehd my children to Europe to be educated ; but 1 looked on the evil of sending thcin away as so great, that I would : not have sent them, if it had not been that I'could send' them to friends. that :woii1d love/ would fecl an in/ terest iu them, and bave'h proper care for their moral and religious training, whilb they would at the same time attend to tho devclope'ment of their domestic affections.. But I would' not have sent tlinm at all had there been in -these colonics snclt' a school ns I trust ami pray the one to he raised ou this spot will prove to be, as' it is intended .to be — and having such n character ."as. would have war- .ranted the in entrusting my children within its walls. By laying this' foundation: stone, this, 'day, we linvo made tlie second step iu mlvmice ; tlie first step was mnde when a similar ceremony was performed with respect to tlio magnificent University rising be fore us— and thnt may have been , putting on the eope- stoiio'hefure laying tlie foundation. However, tlin first and. second steps have been taken, nnd tbe third, the foundation of ii grammar sehool, remains to be taken. Now 'wlteii these arc tlio step's, that bave been taken, I trust stteli a spirit will .be evinced for tho furtherance of education; thnt at no distant period -we shall see not n college but colleges; ,not a gram mar school-but grammar schoois/iiof a university but universities established throughout - tho length anil brendth of tlie colony. (Hear, bear.) , And when these are well established end' we have got in men of ability, from bottom to top we will seen bettor state of tilings pervading the'colotiy— then the blessings of education will spread,, rapidly through tlie whole mass of the community, "mid" the'- pros- pcct for nil tlie youth of. tlio colony obtaining stteh a degree of learning— and that looming of suoh a kind as will enable .them to - devote .their energies mid, abilities to benefit their liativo conutry, -All I shall say in addition is, tliat. I will rejoice to seo ..such a day, or to hear it; and I assure you that no i effort oh my part shall be wanting to aocelerate so ''desirable a time. The Legislative Council has , shown snob a libornlily and judgment in furthering- the establishment of oduc'ationnl iiistiniliotis' that the people may. safely trust to their representatives' oarrying ont their : general echemo, over 'th'e wliolo colony, - (Hear, hear, anil appitiiise.) . . His Lordship , tlie Bishop of. Sydney then came forward arid spoko'os follows :— May it please your Excellency, in tlie namo of aii . the friends and oil who. are Interested in' tlie success of St. Paul's Col- (lege, I beg to tender you their .sincoro and oordlal 'thanks for the important service your Excellency, has rendered to its this day; and also for the kind- trifss and. cordiality with which it hits been 'ren- dared. (Hear/hear.) But indeed we could riot have expected less from , one who lias ever 'distinguished liitriself . by great - willingness/ activity,;, and energy in supporting every good rdcsigit ns well ns by tlie sincerity of his attiiohnisnt to the Church of wiiiolt he is a fuiihfiil 'and' devoted member. . t Hcrtr, hear.) Turning towards his Ex-, cellenoy, his Lordship said— I feel assured you will never have occasion to regret, arid I trust you will long live to.have many occasions of - congratulating' yourself, on the important part you have taken in tho proceedings of this day. (Hear, hear.) It is a day indeed greatly to he rememhored in the history of education - in this country. A more important work it is not possible to concelvo of, for it is ' -I"! ),./ ; : ubtiting less titan laying tlio foundation of all social ordor Aiul; tlie true well-being of tliis country ; or if not, laying, tlio foundation, at least cxtonding tho foundations on whioli tho true woll-belng of tho colony may'for ever i-bst. ' If wo desire intelligence lovo of law and order, industry, and sobriety, and all tlic'oloniorits that create a nation's greatness, wo must seek" those from tlie morality wlileii has its truo source, its only sottroc, in tiio kuowlcdgo and lot's1 of God; ' (I-Ioar/ hoar.) ' A nation may bo wealthy,- and, vory -mighty it ; may in one sense he groat, hut it oris novor bo permanently wise, happy, and prosperous in' the 'eight of Gad, -unless- its in stitutions are founded on the Christianity, whioh is fromalibve; and unless its young "moil nro trained in , the truo source of the wisdom and godliness of : tho knowledge iilono, found in tho word of God. We I ihoreforo haiiit nS/a -happy union that oil tho eve of | celebrating,, the . foundation . of., tliis' colony, wo are mot to lay'tbe fo'uridntibn of St.' Paul's Coliogo— a college In whioh , tlio' ,-yoitth; of title -colony will ho hereafter trained; and that, on St. Paul's day, we preie'eed- ' to ! establisli1' nn institution/ -- tliat shall bcnr.jhe ..name ,uf i the greatest of ; the Apostle's,' arid in wiiiolt shall .lie perpetuated tlie doctrines, and thetgadliticss taught by thnt Apoatie, Ills Alaster/ aiid' his predecessors. I.tbereforo.liail ottr doing so as a lmppy niribri; anil I trust tlio history of tlie College will in future bo, .iu uooordance with: - tlio - auspicious proceedings of this., day. (Hear, hear.) And I triist the tirite riiay -he far distant when' the highest (professions— civil, legal, oeelesiastioal, arid I may Jndtl military, shall ever in tliis colony bo dissociated, jfrom the- doctrines of the Great Apostle ; nnd from an intorost in the College of, St. Paul. Wo have- 'great reason to c'origrntulnlo tlio promoters of litis 'college. on tho success thnt lias attended their efforts,' particularly in tho obtaining of funds. I hog to congratnlato the Chief Justice on the success of his labours in litis undertaking; nud, (addressing Aroh: dencun Cowper) I beg also to cbngratiilate you, yenerahle servaut of the Lord, on the. proceedings of tills (lay. A great part of, yottr life lias bceu bqitud up jn tub history of ' this colony,- atid ybitr name is associated, with some of the events of: its earliest clays ; and will he had in honor when you nnd.your descendants, shall- have censed to exist. -I congratu late you, veuerablo sir, on this ocession, -that you, who have seen so many changes In this part of ilio jrorld, are pared to ho present with ,us i thisiday. (P. car/hear.) I earnestly pray that tho youth pf this colony may/in -St. Paul's College reoeive1 a godly eincatiott; and I trust that .it may .pieasp God;tq, eerid rind obntinue his blessing' on tho labours of 'the friends qf, the institution ; mny it please' tho Giver of every gobd and of every perfect gift to send us. a Warden/.who; itt tho langitoge of- tlie prityer that'lias1 been.offered up wlll.rule this college in the fear .and lovo of the Lord ; brio who; himself taught in tlie school of the Apostles/, might be addressed by the great master of learning and morality as lie addressed tils son in the fnith — "Be thou nn'-exitmplo' to the believers, .in word, ,iu conversation, in charity,- in spirit/ in' faith, iti: purity." 'It "was said by a Divine,, .in . Holland, ; f in, - the - last; -, century, that tlio' recollection of his preceptor, ahvays. placed, ltitn .. 'fin ' tho 'preEMce ofhie'- God ; that.it .was not .possible for-. him to. dissociate the idea of his lioavonly Master from ' tlic rccollection of /his . earthly | precoptqr may it bo vthb happiness of' 'litis college to reccivo within its walls a warden who. ehall do honour toUlte itairie by wliicli' tliis institu tion is to be named ; aud if this be so, I trust there , may be 'still greater nriion and' cordiality among the various religious bodies into which the oommrihity is divided, and that under snclt a spirit other col leges will speedily arise beside St, Paul's. (Hear, hear.) Affiliated oolleges are necessary by reason of the . nnbappy divisions that 'prevail amoiig us; l/nt still it may be said that there is one broad mea sure,— otic common ground on 'which religious in- strnction may be by all . imparted to thbyouth-bf this community. And if it be so, if tlio instruction given iu this College is based on the.Word of God, if it springs from this arid is animated by the spirit of those principles derived from tlie word of God; I know of no better thing that any parent could.de;, si're for llis son tliim that ho should reccivo tlie edu cation, — and; if ho can, carry away- . all tho, -.rewards, —/this institution can 'afford. In ebiiclusibn, I again bcgjleaye-to cqngratulale yottr. Excellency oil tlie part yon have tiikon in the 'proceedings of this diiy ; , and to .add the oxpression.-.of - my sincere wish that .tlio course of .yottr Government .may bo so or dered, .that. you -may -see the fulfilment ofllio fore-' most wish of.your heart,, in witnessing the iutelleo- mill and -innm! - rind' religions Advancement of this milntn - /Hrinr linnw oifil nnnlnnen - i - 1 jHis Excollency/in i-qply,.said— My" Lord Bishop, I cau hardly- express tiiy thanks for tlie tnrinuer in- which you havo been (pleased to speak of me lon tliis occasion. I confess tliatl do not fee) that 1 have any claim to be. thnriked for performing such a duty as I havo been ealled upon to perform this day. :I.consider'that it wasiny duty to do as Ihave 'done, nnd. -therefore feel, that badil refrained from - taking a part in the important ceremony, I should, have been/ guilty 'of; neglecting ri duty. ' Behoving that the prosperity of the colony depends upon who, morality and good coridrict of the inlmbitants, rind the tnornlity of the inliabitniits upon their religious spirit, I feel I 'should have bceu foiling, iu the dis- olinrgo of my duty to the oolotiy'liad I not done nil in my. power to contribute, to tlio, establishment of- such an institution as St. ' Paul's College. (Hear, hear)., ; i/.-; - i '' - His Lordship , tho Bishop qf Sydney then pro. nouncetl tlio following' benediction : ATqy the peace of God, which passeth all understanduig, keep your hearts arid miuds'in the knowledge. and lovo of God and of his Son Jesus .Christ our Lord; nutl tits bless ing of God Almighty,., the Father, Son,- aud, Holy Ghost, be among you, arid remain with you always. Allien. . This,, terminated tlio ceremony ..of .laying tho fotindatiori stono of- tlio College, and the assem blage having retired to, the large tent adjoiuing;' The Chief .Justice rose, nud said tliey were met to celebrrito the -laying of the foundation stone of St. ; Paul's Collego ; hut perhaps they had not suffi ciently rcinemhered that that institution was iu con- ncctipii.with" tlie great arid- noble institution in tlie vicinity, the University of Sydney, that it formed u part of thai University; and ho therefore proposed that not , merely, shotjld jliey enjoy a visit to tlio nnblo building'iri (lie neighbourhood, but thnt they should give three" lierirty cheers to denote thoir'gond wishes, for the -prosperity of, tliat institution, and express tlfcir tliauks to nil who had been connected with the proceedings of thnt day. The proposal was cordially responded to. A similar demonstration of loyalty towards the Queen wus nlso expressed, after which The Clticf Justice proposed three cheers for the Governor-General, who. hnd-done them tho Honor- of attending at the ceremony whioli hail .oallcd them together, and discharged the, duty/of laying tlio foundation stono with -so'-'tnuoh. heartiness and so well. He (tho Chief J ustice) 'would riot ' attempt to rnriko nny speeoli, especially after 'tho '.eloquent ad dress tlioy lind beard by, llis ' lordship the' Bishop/ Besides, that wns not the'time'tu dwell on tlio diffi culties tho projectors of the building had had /to contend with. However, he might ho pcnriit'tcd-.to say that hut for the largo. amount of subsoriptio'ns that had been raised, it would not yot, have been iu tlieir power to undcrfoko tlie. building, or for tlie .Legislature ' to Iin've "extended, to tliem its ; munifi cent aid. Ho'spoko its one of six fellows/in whom', ttiidertlio warden, wottld ho- vested tlio government' of the oollege. - -Thurefore; in/tlie Ihnuks thnt were due from thorn, they must- remember tlio members of the Lcgislstiyc , Council for . their kindness, and also tho liberality of private individuals. By thoso . ponihincd menus they had .been, enabled to proceed 'with-tho.'wqrk. Tlteir'proeecdings that day wore in fnrtit.eranoe of education, religion, nnd morality; and at (such n time it wns not inappropriate to no tice tliat tliey were on tho eve of great nud import-, ant phauges in tliii history of tlio. .colony. The ooiniininity were now called upon , to enter upon- a courso of self-government, and one of tlio objects of -St. Paul's Collego would bo the preparation of, those who would conduct the high functions of tlie colony. Seeing they wore about to tnnke suoh - a ohange in the comliiot of tho;puhlio business, it became the inhabitants to he careful in tlie selection they mado- of men to govern litem — choosing those who! from experience, learning, and ability were qualified to: hold snob distinguished positions, , Tho company then gave three cheers for his Ex- cellcuoy the Governor-General..,- M - His Excollcncy said ho wns deeply - grateful indeed for tlio kind manner lit wliioh tlio eompany had complimented him ; and he hoped (hat in some years afterwards when tliey "came to pnrt a similar good feeling would exist between thqrii. In oonoltt-, sion ho begged to propose threo oheors for tlio Chan cellor of the Univorsity. Tlie proposal having boon heartily responded to, ; Sir Chillies Nicholson enid ho felt deeply indebted to His Excellency aud tho meeting, .for the compli ment they had paid him. IIo begged to assure tlicm that it cheered hjs heart to -witness tho laying , of tho foundation stotia of the first affiliated College, in conrieotion with the University. Ilo trustod tlio \- example that had thnt'day boon set, would speedily ' bo followed by the other great dcriaininritiuiis iit the j city. As they wore without tlie means of drinking j healths, lis begged to propose 'tlirbo oheors for Lndy ; Denison. „ - i Threo Hearty, .eltcqrs were. qooordlugly given as -proposed ; and the assembly shortly afterwards dis- iporsiid/ ; ' ! Subsequently n oqnsidcrablo ' riumhor of tlio indies i nud gentloincu present,- rit tiio ccrcuiony, ' visited tho 'University building, ns suggested by, Ilia Honor the I Chief Justice.' ' /'/ - i Tlie foundritiott stone: of St., Paul's (Collego' is laid |at n spot about orio-third1 alqttg'.ih'e iiorth-enst'sido |of the building. It is threo feet' square,, by two' feet jtitick, is from the qtinrrics nt 'Pyrmorit,' and ( bears 'the. following insoription; ' ' " St. PAur,|8 ' .'.Collgob,' JjANUAnY 35tii, 1850,". It was' prepared'hy Messrs. jHoliries antl Coney," tho co'tiiraetors/ uuder whom tlio new University building is 'proceeding so satis-, feolorily. The excavation wait fifteen foot sqttnrb at' -theriiirfoec, and gradually, ditriinished by steps on Woli side to about nine feet. lit the centre of. the square was an excavation ubout a foot deep, into (which the stone wits lowered, oil a bed of litnc.' .Contrary to all previous custom there was no cavity in the stotie in which to place any docuriients or qoius. — Empire, Jan. 3(1. 