. 'BÁTH.ÚBST COUNTX; ELECTION. O " . DECLARATION OF THE POIX. .(From the Bathurst Free Pr¿s* o/}Védneiáay.) . \ \ , Tho ófücinl declaration of the numbers polled for tho respective candidates at tho lato oloction, at tho various plauos appointed for,that, purposo, was modO'On ? Satur day i hiHt, in tho prosonoo of a largo number.of. tho friends of both candidates, which: owing to tho roturns of ¡somo bf tho moro distant distriots not having boen rocutved . till -the .middle of tho day- did- not take place till 0 o'clock itt! tho afternoon. 'Mr. Siittbr and Mr. Mol t having nrrivod. at : tho hustings, accompanied by 'sonio of their most: activo frionds, the returning offlcor,' Dr. Busby, deolnrod tho nurahor to bo as follows . . ' i . ' i 1 MORT. > SUTTOR. Bathurst. 10!» 1U Orango. 20 . 41 .Guyong....;........... 10 30 Slaynoy... 13 21) Cowra.;........'.,. 0 0 Carcoar ................ 17 . ,, , 8, ? ' Canowindra .........J.. ' 0 ' ". 5,' r: \- . -': ,. '., 175 ' 3¿0' -" Majority for Suttor-15. , ;Thu returning oflluor then,"amidst! loud-cheers, de- clared \V. H. Suttor, Esq., to havo boon duly Selected ns a.member ta roprcsant-the county; of'Bathurst in tho Leglshuivo Assembly of New South .Wales, f ? . 'Mr. SUTTOR thón carno forward amidst tho cheers of tho .crowd and said,- that as on that-occasion ho simply came forward to rotura thom his thnnks for tho ; great honour that thoy had conferred on him thnt dny. by ro turning him as their mombor to reprosont thom iii the ' Logislativo Assombly, ho should not detain, thom long. That honohr was all tho greater from tho great nblllUos and high character of tho gentleman who stood opposed to him, induod ho did not boliovo that thoro was n man in,tho district '.who'could have held his ground so well, or nnothor man in Now South Walos, who could hnvo run him,so cluso os Mr. Mort had dono. (Cheors.) Ho had tb oxpress tho high Opinion ho ontortainod of Mr. Mort, who'throughout tho contest had acted towards him with tho Utmost fairness, and ns a gentleman, ho never having on any occasion spokon- anything of him '(Mr. Suttor) that was , in tho least dogroo disrespectful, but on tho contrary with tho greatest kindness and respect. Of him ho should ovor cntortnin tho same opinion as he did boforetho election. With regard to tho othor parties ..who stood opposed to him,' ho would wish to pour oil on tho troubled waters, mid to shnko hnnds with nil. . Ho would any, that,groat: credit was duo .to thÓBO gontlomen who lind oxertol themselves so strenuously, on Mr. Mort's behalf, and now thal tho oleutlou wuH over, ho trusted, that uiiuo of. thom would entertain any ill-fooliiig towards him, but timi tho past would bo forgiven hud forgotten. (Choorj.) He hud littlo to say beyond thanking all thoso who lind voted for him, and oxortod thomsúlyos', on his behalf, moro especially tho mombers of- tho'committee'whoso exertions had placed him so fur nt, tho bond of tho poll. Ho should not hnvo folt it n dlsgraco to havo baan defeated by such an opponent as Mr, Mort, but ho did fool it a very great honour to hnvo huon successful, with such an opposition. Ho trustod that hollhor.himself or any of his supporters would think loss highly of Mr. Mort for. haying stood op. posod -to him, and tbn^ whttovor ho ooiild db for tho beno- ni of tho district, ho should ho must'linppy to do. Ho thanked thom nil most sincaraly for tho proud, po.-iltlon in which they lind placed him ns tho representativo of tho finest oounty in Now South Wnlos, possessing ns it did within itself minorai woalth, agricultural and pastoral capabilities unsurpassed by any other- distrlot in' tho colony. Tho truth of the old provorb that- it was mi ill wind that blow no onu any good, lind hean especially proved in his ewe, for .through 'tho dofent which ihe Hiilforad nt tho lute election for tho County of ituburgh, ho had honours oonforrod upon him, that ho would, not hiv.) rnooivod but for that dofent. Shortly after ho had determined to stand fnr (hair hoautlful oounly, ho w.is ofTui'ud n sent in tho Uppor House which ho daallnari, preferring to tnko his chanco for tho County of ltnthurst. Now hil was i-otitrnml ns tho tno'mbor for ' tho metropolis af tha Wostern til. triad Tha*a two honours, thu lt {ghost that could be bostowod on him, CB lld novor hnvo fallen upon him hut for that dofent. (Choora.) AftornRnln thanking tho olootors for tho honour Unit they lind" deina lilmj Mr. Suttor concluded. lils spoooll amidst' loud choors, Mr. MORT th'oh pro.tontml hlmsolf und snld, Hint thoiuth ho hud not hoon successful hi tho contest,'hu could not look,upon himself ns ilnl'ontoil (ohoora), luv« tilg polloil I) votos inoro than Mr. Plunkett, which he Would say wiW n dUlluguIshotl honour, Mr. l'lnnkott bellin, lin old and' well-tried servant of the Grown, who hud boan amongst thuin lu their courts for years, and who ut Syduoy lu tho fa<lu bf tho most poworfiil eloctlonaor. lng eomblnatlim aver thora formad, polled no loss than '1000 plumpers, mid nt tho lait clnotlon for this oounty polhill n greater number nf votoa than had boen previously reoortlotl. ' To havo polled I) moto votoa than Iauch-tainan as that was in hia opinion-no defeat, Int great triumph. The respect which ho hod redcived alt band* of all with whom he Iud como in contact duiing*l visit amongst thom was such as would nevor bo forgotU by'him, and which he should remember with fuelin of tho deepest gratitude. If anything ho might lia said: during his stay, amongst thom had boen the men in tho slightest degroo' of promoting tho welfare of t "district.'hs'should'conslderhimsolf ten ' times'rapaid i any sacrifice lie might have made. Ho would not i thnt occasion dotain them long, but he felt constrain ?to Bay a few words on the. first of all sulijeots.'nnmel . éducation.. ' Thoy must ? educate their obildren, it mi tered not by what means it came, whether, by means tho National, the Denominational,: or some mothod ot -bracing both systems. It were worse than useless - throw open all the oSlcos iu the State from the highs to - the lowest'whilst they withhold from' their childrc , tho means of education, which ni ODO could qualify tliei Ho would hot nt jthnt timo address them: at' length c -the subject, but: trusted that the-few words ho would' si would bo remembered by them,, they roust bear.in min -that tho happiness of -themselves, nnd. .their, children i well Í ns - tho - welfnro.of tho - State; depended upon .'th education given to ¡their littlo. :onos. ? The matter 'wi butirely-in 'theirf hands','for.t with >the liberal assistant given. by.J thq'/Educational ;Bonrd in Sydney, ¡there"wi ?not- a single locality in their, dis trio t, which shou] Temnin- without-rar-seboohr-for-this- purpose . they wei bpu.nd,to give:liborally, jei'oni toj their utmost furthini D.epqijd upon i,t!o.véry¡Íiberílity"aú this causo was liko th attrib^to/pf piercy,' ',"ít blessethj him that gives and hil .that takes"-one ppupd given¿to^-such a cause sanctifie .tho.-.rcst._(Cheers.) He hail_whilst ho had. bee .amongst ; them, visited . districts; rwhiab, -, in this resppi iwbro, dp«pla.tp in, .tho,.extreme, raany.of their children rio boing.nUftqvo^jtp i'pr^at,tho Lopd's Prayer. r';J?or:alt o thesp .djsfjqpiBjt,ffás, iniUioir,power if j thoy would pu ¡their.8hpulp,or,tp( tho ,wliopl;tp,obtniri:sohool.houses, an tho,,,proper ,moans "of, instruction ' within 'twelve o .eighteen mpnths.'i -In r.prdei; ,tq';lglve o. praotical turn t .theyromavksr iwhicli .lie thad' .ottered : whilst among« thom ¡on ,v tills :.,subjopt, ho,,,had authorised his goo friend Dr.-' Machattie ..to :.aot, as .almoner.¡for. .him ,to give his mite wherever bo'saw a subscription list ip n.fresh.sch ooI." Since he.hnd.como amongst '(hem,' thor had been inf ono;_d¡striot Ja'_ subscription started for i National Solio'jl, ¿wing ho believed. mainlyÍ to some ob servations -which fell from his lips at one of- his earlies meetings. If this were tho orih. good. tunt; his obmin; amongst them had effected ho should feel himself airipl; repaid,'and'that his visit 1 had not boon without its' re ward. '-'Mr. Suttor 'had alluded to'the manner in whiol lib (Mr.'Mort) lind aotod during tho election, and in thii Mr. Suttor had not dono him mord' than justice, for hi could put his hand upon' his breast and say'ivith a clea: conscience, that in'overy singlo stop and iirovdry net hi had hoon guided alone by tho highest prinoiple of honou: (cheers). For tho kindnoss and consideration lu imd received nt: their, hands, ho felt: sincerely theil dobtor, and though not returnod ns .thöir member they had suffered no loss, ase thoy had not onh returned Mr. Suttor, but they .could -at al times command his services in'any: way that ho could bc useful to them in his'small way in Sydney. ' He was no! going to nlludo to tho roany cries which had boen miser against him, but should 'simply make n few remarks or ono or two subjects on which ho badi, boen'more ospeci. ally misunderstood. As to taxation it had boen said thal ho wished to increase their taxation, : that was .untrue, for ho' thought it' unfair to tax tho poor , man's :t,ea and sugar,?-> whilst tho rich man's bilks', and ' satins 'were untaxed; dopend upon it they would find: out tho truth cf his remarks ; before long their present system of taxa tion must be''altered,' whilst- he would tax them' one penny, ho would save thom sixpence. Ho had his sharo of thing« to answer for, but not thnt'ho was over opposed to Freo Trade, and he' would defy any mah tb 'say that he "was. -Mr.' Suttor'a'haying said that ' they ' should not go to'Sydnoyfor a mon to îopresont"them, was completely nd verso to tho principios of Free Trado advanced by ^hlm,,;inasmuch ; ,as ,this declared . .that they should not gb to Sydnpy for' a' foreign artiola whon they could/get a nativo ono. If, on his return to .Sydiioy, Ho* spoke of therri in n¥iy terms but those of the highest gratitude, he should bo ungrateful in tho extreme ; in fact, ha "sîiould.'ntid could not Hponk of it os n'defent, bin ns a triumph.' -(Cheers.) Ho had seori it assorted in tba Bathurst Free'Preta that he was the nominee of Mossrs. Cousin«, Croaker,1 and Brody : ? that was entirely untruo, for ho was in communication with those gentle, mon on' tho suhjoct 'long boforo 1 Mr. Suttor had even offered himself for the County of Roxburgh, or had any iilca'of presenting himself'to* tho County of Bathurst. .That they couldf see for thorn&elves;,-from'tho letters whioli had passed between some of tbeso gontlomen and . himself, nnd lind boen pnblishod in that paper'. And ' with'référença »to Mr.' Cummings,; he must tell them that Mr. Cummings called upon' him oho day at his oounting-house; in .Sydney,' long boforo'Mr. Suttor was in tho Hold for any placo, and requested him to como I forward. Ho thon declined to-do so. He still continued to press him, and after 'paying him somo very oompli montary rbranrks.'he (Mr. Cummings) n'ssurod him' that if ho carno forward, dio- would give him his utmost inlliibnce.''Mr.-Cummings luid nobly redeeniod 1 that pledge, nnd for the exertions that hp had used on his halmlf ho sincerely thanked him ; 'and to thoso kind friends and supporters who' had helped to placó him in tho position in which lib stood, ho returned his sincero thanks. Thoy might depend- that, wherover ha went, and- in .whatever circumstances he might be placed, ho should nlwnys fool nu interest in tho wolfaro of their beautiful district, and remember, with feelings of no common 'satisfaction,' tho ¡klndnoss ho had reoeived at their hands. Mr. Mort then retirad amidst loud applauso. A voto of thanks tb tho Returning Officer was then proposed by Mr. Suttor," and soiinu'dod by Mr. Mort, which was given nniidst tho aimers of tlió.so présout. Aftor throo chooi-s had liei-n given for Mr. Suttor and Mr. Mort, and those'gentlemen iMd 'lufC'tho hustings', tho friends of Mr. Suttor placed him in his carriage, and dragged him in triumph through tho town. ' .? In all tho elections we' havo witnessed, 'anti thoy hnvo been:not a fow, wo : do not remember ono in which tho unsuccessful candidate received such universal respcot us Mr. Mort'did - on' that oconslon, it nppoiiring to' ba à mutter of regret with ovory'ono' that'll was not in' their power to' roturn -both Mr. Suttor and Mr. Mort. 'As nu ovidonco we may mention tho fnct thnt, whan Mr. Mort wont to bid farowoll tb Mr. Suttor, opposito tho Royal Hotel, thoso who woro dragging tho carringa plaood him in it, and would, hut for that gen Haman's anxiety hi once' to start for Sydney, havo rhndri him a participator : in tho triumph''they< were celebrating. . ?'? Mr. Hort Hoon1 afterwards started for Sydney, when ho , was nccompdiiicd by a numerous company of his friends on horsobnelt as far ns Woodside. . 