DARING AND ?IESPONSIBILITY. How ago can annerve a man I and whllat a vast difference thero is between physical and moral courage ! ian who despised death and faced every danger in the battle-field, have been knownoto run away from a rat; they call that cowardice by the name of antipathy. Itisnow many years ago that a midshipman, one of those dare-devil boys whoso nerves were strung to any tdagar, mounted the cross on thoe top of St. Peter's, and actually stood erect upon it. A gust of wind might have hurled him head long to inesitablo death; bhut thlere he stood in spiteof tho gitddy iheight, and afterwards do scentded inperfect safety, leaving hiis Ihandker chief as a record of his during; there was no pickpocketof the church or the Corso bold enough to take that. This midshipman rose through tie different grades of the service, per forming nony and many a gallant action-for few men nxw more fightmng, and none exhibited more courrage-until Ie became an admiral. The peace had changed hiis life from scenes of actinsty ad danger to domestic quiet and a wife : bua he still sighed for employment; and at last, asthe garden of Eden, tihe Admiralty, had exhaisted the standard fruits, this gallant, excellent, kind, and brave officer acquired a command, The war broke out; there was no man more forward, no man more eager to face the enemy, and, in conjunction with some ships of our ally, Ithe appeared off a Rus sian port. There lay two frigates of the enemy, the fortifications were not very im posing, t1o place was reconnoitered, and it was resolved to attack it. Now came thie neacessity of moral courage i the physical had beeni beyond doubt. 11o was the com mander-in.chief of tie station ; he might fail; his shipsonight be crippled by the batteries, or sunk, foranything may occur in war, and then our trad might have severely suffered. At this motrent he had no resolution; hIe had neither le requisite couratge to face the danger, tor withdraw from it; and Ihe cornm mitted micide the very night before the attempt Wias to be made. One would suppose that, at bny rate, Io would hItave made the atrck; ~u;d thero is plenty of time, if Ie failed, to oommit tie rash act, if he feared that bogbehar, "responsibility." And he is not alone. Lhny officors-o Collingwood, for in stance-nai brave as a lion in the fighit, are moro afrdd of "responsibility" than a child of a ghost -fy Travels, by Captain Chanmicr. 