"THE. ESTIMATES FOR MISCELLANEOUS, SPECIAL, AND TEMPORARY OBJECTS. (From the Times, 21st April The Treasury presents its Estimates to the House of Commons as a small tradesman presents his little bills. In a country town a good customer never knows what he has to pay ; there is always something additional. The account once opened, it becomes a sort of wound which it would be unsafe to close ; the door once opened to the village carpenter or builder, who haunts the house for ever like a rat or a ghost ; your morning slumbers are disturbed by the noise of falling tiles, and you eat your dinner to the sound of eternal hammer- ing. The job is always half-done, and when in a fit of disgust you tell John to get that man's bill and dismiss him, he can't get it, and he can't dismiss him The man has something still on hand, and before he makes up his account he has to wait for the account of some other men, of name unknown, whom he employed in some incomprehensible work of detail - a lock or a pipe, or nobody knows what. ' So it fared with the celebrated Mr. Briggs, and so it happens to the House of Commons. There is no end to the bill, and the House that votes millions upon millions without a grudge is asked for a few thousands more, in the same peddling spirit with which a petty tradesman, whose yearly bill has just been paid in full, as was fondly imagined, others one about 8s. 6d, for extra work. " There was a good deal of confusion in the estimates, as we have gone over them already, but we were not prepared for the further confusion in the series of Estimates, No. VII., which are devoted to " miscellaneous, special, and temporary objects," and are to come before the House to-night. From these it would appear that the public accounts are like? a lady's letter-a series of postscripts stretching to infinity, small by degrees and bountifully loss. It was bad enough that we should have the Post- office accounts mixed up in three different series of estimates first of all in those of the revenue depart- ments', then in those of the navy, lastly, in those of the public departments generally and perhaps our readers will not be able to comprehend by what strange Process these accounts should come to be so divided. t must, therefore, be explained that in the first vote we have an estimate for the working of the Post-office, "in the second on estimate for the packet service, while in" the third we have a separate estimate of the sum required for the postages of the navy and other public departments. There is something in this last item that shows a genius for confusion in the Treasury, the cost of postage for the navy being charged neither to the debit of the Admiralty nor to the credit of the Post- so Hice, but to a third account called " General Expenses." And then there is a fourth account still required for the superannuation allowances of the Post-office, while in the report of the Postmaster-General, and in the accounts of public income we have a fifth statement of postal returns. All this is very absurd, and the worst of it is that the same vicious system pervades all the estimates. If we take up any one item at random, it is impossible to state what is the total sum which is devoted to it, and in how many papers it is stated. The army and navy medals, for example, who shall compare the est suites of last year with those of the present year, much" tell whether we shall discover the final vote for it under the head of the army or the story, of the Mint, or of the " Temporary Objects" which have given rise to these require, r The sum which is demanded in these estimates amounts to £150,000. The various charges that go to make up this" total, are paltry enough, but the more U-iflh-.g these charges are the greater right have we to complain that they were not included in the original Mounts. They are the last feathers that break the public patience ; they illustrate a system, which when it comes to these details; is top ridiculous and too troublesome to be write. Here, for instance, are a number of votes juketl'.for«various commissions-for Statute Law, for Common Law, for Chancery, for County Courts, for Calivil Service, for' Lunacy in Scotland, for Endowed Schools an Ireland. Common sense surely requires that the expenses of those commissions should be <-,liiSi»d under their several departments-the Law Commissions under Law the Civil Service Commission, under the expenses of the Public Departments, and the Endowed Schools Commission under the Educational Grant. "Who can tells us what is voted annually for Education and Science? We have just mentioned one item ? There is a further sum in the present estimates for Professors at Cambridge, in the Army Estimates we hear of so much for Woolwich, in the Navy Estimates of so much for the Greenwich Observatory, and so on, a few pounds here and a few pounds there. Here, again, we are asked for £500 for the Lunacy Commission in Scotland in the Estimates No. II., for the "Public Departments," £1310 is asked for the " contingent expenses , of the Commissioners in Lunacy, and ten times that sum is paid, besides, out of the Consolidated Fund. Is it monstrous to expect that all these sums should be classed together, and that we should know at once what is required under any one head of service r Here, too, we have sums demanded for Battersea Park, for Chelsea embankment, for "Windsor improvements, for Embassy-houses, for Consulate buildings, for Light- houses, for the Irish National Gallery. It is difficult to understand why these votes are not classed under the head of " Public Works," or something else more appropriate than the stupid heading of " Temporary Objects." For the police at Aldershott £7500 is asked ; why was not this asked under the head either of Police or of the "Army?" It will be observed that we object principally to the manner of stating the accounts, but we have equally good grounds for objecting to some of the charges themselves. What, for instance, is the meaning of this £7500 for the police at Aldershott ? Cannot the soldiers be made to take care of themselves The heroes of discipline, the creatures of drill, require a lot of police- men to keep them in order ! It is a specimen of bon- all our public departments are managed, not one of them being self-sufficient but every one requiring to be patched up by auxiliary departments and reported upon by extempore commissions. Throughout these Estimates we find the same absurd want of unity, and the same wasteful expenditure. Under the Patent Law Amendment Act, it is stated that 3400 is required for " fees to law officers of the Crown in " England." The sum is enormous, and, even were it reasonable, it surely belongs to a different page of the national ledger. It will be further found, that under the same Act, £4522 is to be voted for " compensations." The Patent Clerk to the Attorney and Solicitor-General gets, under this head, £850, a sum greater than the half-pay of an Admiral, double that of the general clerk of Encumbered Estates Commission, and equal to the compensation allowed to the Lord Advocate for Scotland. The Attorney-General and Solicitor- General for Ireland get between them £2000, and we are puzzled to know why these gentlemen, together with the Lord Advocate, should not receive sufficient salaries, stated once for all, and whether those " compensations" are to be continued to the subsequent holders of their offices ? We are very sure that the public will not long endure to have its financial statements in such inextricable confusion. It would be a disgrace to the petty tradesman whose transactions seldom get beyond the column of shilling?, or to the publican who chronicles small beer in chalk on the back of a shutter, if his accounts were thus involved in confusion. It is not simply a disgrace - it is criminal, that in the first mercantile country in the world, the accounts of a Government which ex- spends nearly £100,000,000 a year-a sum easily written in figures, but which no imagination can grasp should be kept in such a manner as to make it impossible to discover what is our expenditure, and to expose the country most certainly to all the evils of jobbery and speculation. I?F.MAttKAnLE Case or Fiiavd.-Application was made a few weeks ago to Sir It. W. Carden, as a magistrate of the county of Surrey, by a clergyman, for advice and assistance in a case of extensive fraud, and we have the satisfaction to state that the measures adopted by the energetic magistrate were completely successful. The information upon which the rev. gentleman grounded his application was as follows: The brother of the gentleman who waited upon S- R. W. Carden, was, it appears, the sole surviving trustee in, a trust account, and it was discovered that he had ( sold out from time to time the whole of the stock, amounting to about i 0000 Consols. As soon as suspicion was entertained that so important a trust was violated an investigation was commenced, and it was ascertained that at as late a period as October last he had drawn from the Bank, in his character as trustee, the large sum of £5800, having acted at that time as solicitor and co trustee of the property bequeathed by the father to the children. The depredations had been commenced in the year 1850 by a small sale of £200 Consols, and from the middle of that year till last October the person in whom such implicit reliance had been placed had sold out gradually upwards of £3000 of the stock, and appropriated it to his own purposes. After some difficulty, bank-notes paid for the stock sold out to the amount of £5000 were traced from the Bank of England through a variety of channels to the house of an agent at Boulogne, who, by the direction of his principal, invested the whole of the money in the French Rates, payable to bearer. The moment the communication was made to Sir R. W. Carden an able officer, who had been for some years clerk to the English Consul at Ostend, and was well acquainted with the language as well as the police regulations and mode of commercial business of the French capital, was despatched to the continent, after having received particular directions and recommendations from the magistrate. This officer on the day after his arrival at Boulogne conferred with the police authorities on the subject, but could obtain no intelligence of the person he sought. Nobody, in fact, could tell him whether any person of the name or description given, was at the time or had been at all in the town. Armed with more full instructions from Sir R. W. Carden, the officer pursued the inquiry in the most earnest manner, and at last succeeded, not only in finding the address, but in becoming the constant and confidential companion of the person he sought, and thus became acquainted with all the transactions in which the man was concerned. The trustee remained at Boulogne for three days, and then proceeded to Paris for the purpose of selling the French stock in which he had invested the property of which he had deprived his relatives, calculating upon a considerable profit in consequence of the improved state ofthemnrkot. Two days after the arrival of the officer at Paris, the delinquent was arrested by the police at the instance of the English constable, who had watched his steps, and there was quite information enough found in his pockets to justify his deten- tion. An attempt was made by a solicitor, who was employed by the accused, to obtain his immediate discharge, upon the ground that " no offence had been committed ;" but those to whom the appeal was made refused to take any notice of it, and the officer employed by Sir It. W. Carden, after having astonished the delinquent by stating the exact nature of his calling and mission, had the gratification of receiving from his hands the whole of the securities, amounting to about £6000, of which the family had been plundered since the month of October. The was transferred from the English to the French funds had been increased greatly by the political events which had recently taken place, so that the very act of robbery proved advantageous through the energy of the magistrate, the intelligence and activity of the officer, and the admirable manner in which the French police acted throughout the whole business. There had been since trustees originally, in whose names the property of the family had been invested ; but two having died-the one before, and the other in the year 1856 the surviving trustee had the sole control over the property, which in a few days would have been swept away for ever, as the plunderers had made preparations to leave Europe. The legatees would have had to encounter greater difficulties in obtain ing satisfaction if the depredator had been detected at home, for before anything could be _ done towards the recovery of the money an application to the Lord Chancellor for an order would have been indispensable, and the tardy operations in equity would have postponed anything like vigorous action for several weeks., In France the offence, which is here delicately called breach of trust," is designated flat robbery, and the delinquent is not only heavily fined, but sentenced to undergo two years' ' imprisonment." Tunes, 12th April. Fathhu Carozzi at Uxkoui).-During the last week Father' Gavazzi has been lecturing at the Town Hall, Oxford, but his reception, as at Cambridge the previous week, has been a stormy one. The subject for the first lecture was' The Papal army of Great Britain and its Protestant fillies." There were upwards of 500 persons present', chiefly undergraduate members of the university, who, in the course of the address, manifested their disapprobation by incessant rounds of hooting, hissing, cock crowing, and cries of " Apostate," " Go back to Rome." Several fireworks were ignited, caus- ing the greatest confusion, and rendering it almost impossible to hear the lecturer. " Tractarian Encroachments was the text of the second lecture, and on this occasion the undergraduates, who had entered into an alliance with a number of the younger inhabitants of the city, kept up a continuous storm. The names of Dr. Pusey and the Bishop of Oxford, which were shouted out several times, were quickly caught up, and received with long and general applause. On Thursday evening the oration was on "The requisition Ancient and Modern," when, in consequence of there being a strong muster of police, including the junior proctor and suite, and four pro-proctors, the lecturer was able to proceed. On Friday afternoon Gavazzi delivered a concluding lecture cm '" Nuns and Nunneries," and was listened throughout with interest -lftlMltinn Madame Jenny Lind Goldschmidt The Lord Provost of Glasgow sent an invitation to Mons, and Mme. Goldschmidt to be his guests during their stay in Glasgow, and that a very courteous note has been returned saying, that from the laborious nature of their arrangements they were unable to avail themselves of his lordship's hospitality, but expressing how gratified they were by the polite offer, and how sensibly they appreciated his lordship's kindness. A Far.Mer it in Dirpicunia.-As Lord Palmerston was proceeding to the great naval review, he reached the station as the train was about to move. Seeing the dilemma in which the noble lord was placed, a fellow member of the administration at once threw open a carriage door for his lordship's reception. There was no time to be lost, and Lord Palmerston at once proceeded to make his way into the carriage, and had partly got in, when his motions were watched by a policeman on duty, who immediately rushed up to the carriage, threw his arms round the noble lords, and without more ado, vi t army's, lifted him on to the platform, the train proceeding without him, to the astonishment of many members of the legislature who witnessed the occurrence. The noble lord subsequently proceeded. But his mishaps were not to end here for on his arrival at Portsmouth, in making his way to the small vessel which was to carry his lordship on board the steamer, happening to mis- take the gangway, he was roughly accosted, and suspicions were expressed that he was trying it on to get on board without a ticket. The Premier laughed heartily at these mistakes. msauKT to I'lti-.xcit Omens. A banquet was given at the Royal Naval College, Portsmouth Dock- yard, on Thursday evening, the 24th, to the officers of the Imperial French Navy who attended the review in his Imperial Majesty's corvette Du Chnyla, commanded by Captain Longueville, whose officers are Lieutenants Dewar and Tirard, Ensigns Carney and A. Hamelin. The deputation on board consists of the following officers :-Renr-Adiniral Julien de la Graviere ; Captains Belveze, Pironncau, Didelot, Pothunn, Bernie, Le Jeune, and Chaperon ; Lieutenants E. Hamelin, Zada, Dubarquois, Boelle, Touboulic, de Jonnuicres, de Beaulieu, Hocqunrt, and Lafont a Ensigns Le Roux de Villiers, do Barbara, Flcuriais, and Buquot, Commissaire de la Marine. The banquet was given by the Admirals and Captains of the fleet at Spithead. The College was suitably appointed for the occasion, and the dinner was furnished from the Crown and Sceptre, Greenwich. OrricrAi, ArroiNTMr.NTS.-The Queen has been pleased to appoint Robert Richard Torrens, Esq , Colonial Treasurer and Registrar-General of South Australia, to be a member of the Executive Council of that colony ; Alfred Hillman, Esq., Senior Assistant Surveyor in Western Australia, to be a member of the Executive Council of that colony during the temporary absence of the Surveyor- General. We are requested by Messrs. Cohen and Harbottle to direct especial attention to their extensive sales, this city, at the Bank Auction Rooms, comprising an extent e and valuable in once or iron bedsteads, English furniture, &c;, &c.; Sale prompt at 11 o'clock. Adv. 