SONNETS ON THE WAR. By X. B. I. Oh! England! Glorious England! Has the blood Of all thy martyred sons been shed in vain? Were Alma’s heights—was Inkermann’s red plain— Where ’gainst ﬁve‐times‐out‐numbering hosts they stood Or left their gashed and festering bodies—food For foreign eagles, on a foreign shore— Had these no purpose? Were they nothing more Than foolish dramas played in ages rude, Showing a bloody stage with corpses strewed, And heaped for vain or despicable ends? Then England! what shall ever make amends To thee, for loss of their heroic lives? See! On their very tombs the yoke descends, And by their deaths the tyrant only thrives. II. Above their graves shall future travellers pause, And wondering ages on their story dwell, To think how little from a barren cause True worth of ridicule or dishonour draws, Since warring round that sea-girt citadel, To glut the rabid avarice and the pride Of priests and despots, they sublimely died, And made the ground immortal where they fell. Brave souls! No dream of gains or losses, tied To a perplexing purpose, mystified Their clear endeavour. Only they could bleed And fling away their lives. Their country's need Their only argument. So their dust distils From foreign soils. The world their glory fills. III. Their glory wraps the Universal Earth As in a shining firmanent—'tis breathed In maiden blushes—like a halo wreathed With manly tones of sorrow and of mirth. Fair Poesy shall glow with lovelier light, By their high deeds to genial utterance won; And History kindle as the worlds grow bright, And gather beauty gazing on the sun. Let England like a priceless treasure guard This blood-bought heritage, her sole reward For all she suffered. Kings contented sit, And statesman flout us with their flippant wit. They clutch the stakes of war, whose heartless games Leave nothing to the world but glorious names. IV. Ye kites and eagles of Crimean plains! Long gorged and pampered with heroic blood! Oh! terrible epicures, whose awful food Was British flesh, or sucked from British veins! True types ye seem of kingdoms and of thrones, For whom a red inheritance remains From all their bleeding nations have endured, The selfish ends of sovereignty secured. Like you the despots count their ghastly gains, Supreme in bloated state above the groans Of Europe resting from her two-years' toil: They sit and share the profit and the spoil. Like you, from gory fields, they seem to spread Their cruel feasts and fatten on the dead. V. Oh! Poland! Italy! Each a deathless name, Once heard without a blush by British ears; But now to bywords of historic shame For ever turned, or wailed with idle tears, For their oppression left on us no blame. We were not partners in their ancient wrongs; But all of noble pity that became Our happier fate—what sympathy belongs To brothers we bestowed in prayers and songs. But now, what glorious opportunities We've lost! Henceforth the nations in distress Shall curse our cold and cruel selfishness. And we must turn away from Poland's cries; Nor dare to gaze on Italy's angry eyes. VI. Ah me! the world's a vault that History paves With buried nations. Egypt's awful bones Are blanched in deserts. Hark! the dulcet tones Of Asian winds come whispering over graves; Greece only melts us as with odorous breath Of churchyard flowers that make a friend of death; Fair Italy in hollow accents raves, Mingling reproach with anguish, as a ghost Complains 'mid scenes in life she loved the most; And Poland like a prisoned spirit sighs; Far off how many a dusky nation lies, Deep hid in woods or in oblivion lost. Oh, Heaven! the end—shall this be ever so? And whither those have gone must England go? VII. Sebastopol! that on the sable sea Sitt'st with the blood of many nations bathed, Now that war's waning tempest leaves thee free, How proudly frowning from thy craggy steep, With haggard looks thou dost survey the deep! Sublime, though shattered—terrible, though scathed. Oh! more enduring monument than brass, Or marble shape, stern city! thou shalt pass From memory never—privileged to bear The horrid brand and character of war, Imprinted on thy forehead, as a scar Adorns a warrior. Oh! for ever wear Thy glory free. When noble foes are crowned By our own hands, we make ourselves renowned. VIII. Why shout ye thus, unthinking multitude! Why thus, with sulphurous slurs, and fiery glare, Disturb the quiet night? Why vex the air With idle pæans? Look you! Peace is good, And, therefore, to rejoice in sober mood, We owe to God, who blesseth us thereby. But why—I ask, you giddy people!—why Need Freedom's sons by heartless mirth insult Their brothers in affliction—why exult, When tyrants inly chuckle? Still, the sky Looks down on nations trampled in the dust; Still, Poland yields her myriads to the lust Of foreign wars; still, Italy, depressed With hopeless anguish, tears her bleeding breast. IX. Twixt East and West a giant shape she grew, To both akin, and making both afraid, Casting a lurid shadow on the new And ancient world. Her greedy eyes betrayed The tiger's heart, and ominously surveyed The peoples destined for her future prey; From polar steppes, and ice-encumbered seas, To where the warm and blue Symplegades Darken the splendour of a Grecian day, She stretched her long grasp conquering by degrees; And when at length the banded nations rose ln armed resistance, their combined array With equal arms she shrank not to oppose, But bravely stood where still she stands at bay. Sydney, August 26, 1856. 