THE MEMBERS', QUALIFICATION QUESTION. To the Editor of the Argus. Sir,-There is a subject connected with the elections which, at first discussed in stealthy whispers amongst confidential friends, is not debated in the most unreserved manner by mixed groups in places of the most public resort and as it is one most deeply affecting the honour, purity, and prosperity of the community at large, I will not make any excuse for bringing it under your consideration I allude to the property qualification of parties cular members, who, it is openly asserted, are notoriously devoid of any possessions ben; yond their mental and physical endowments. So long as those imputations were confined! to cautious generalities and vague insinua- tions, and so long as the parties at whom they were levelled were in the position of mere candidates, the matter was not one c? positive significance; but now that those gentlemen have been elected representatives, a noT that direct înipoachmentpoints it's fingers disgustedly at men whose names are " house hold words," it becomes a question or grave public import, which should be sifted and investigated with the utmost rigour, as we value the purity of the fountain from whence will flow the laws that must govern guide, and protect us. , _ . Respect for the law is an immemorial British attribute, as proud as it is deserved, and one which we should endeavour to infuse into our infantile aspirations here', but it is one which will not bear transplanting into assay . laminated BOB, and which all inculcation * will fail effectually to instil so long as public virtue is overcast, public truth arraigned, and the fear of God openly condemned and challenged, It were vain to require the Victorian; public to respect laws emanating from men who cross the threshold of the Assembly Chambers under shelter of a lie, and commence their career as legislators by forswear «- ""inaH the general tone of mo | ing themselves, up * ""1 '" "carrier realty is debased enough to need a .. ~ before the peculiar virtues of the courtesan, whose infamy and prostitution are registered! on the records of the City Court. In religious as well as civil discipline there is a marked gradation of possibility between that secret practice of a vicious habit and the open Indulgence of a criminal propensity. A private liar does not transgress to the same extent as a noon-day perjurer, who gives public scandal and provokes bad example; and! although a man, as a private individuals may falsely affirm with impunity that he is possessed of a parliamentary qualification, he can scarcely reckon upon forbearance from a Christian community, who hear him daringly invoke the God of truth and justice to bear him out in a palpable falsehood. It was bad enough, Heaven knows, to feel that we had noxious creatures stealthily battening and burrowing amongst us, enjoy- ing the toleration of obscurity, but when these reptiles not only emerge from their slimy holes into daylight, but impudently crawl upon the sacred altars of our country, prepared to hiss and spit poison in our teeth, I cannot discern any middle course between; the duty of vengeance or abdication. credulous citizens, who contemplate false swearing with sacrilegious abhorrence, endeavour to soothe their apprehension of so flagitious a consummation, by throwing such a sop to conscience as the time-honoured notion, " that a clever man can always drive a coach and: six through the most stringent act of Parliament ;" but before applying this flatter- ing unction, I will, with their leave, place before them a few abridged extracts from the Act in question. Clause 11 enacts that No person shall be capable of being elected a member of the Assembly who shall not be legally or equit- ably siezed of or entitled to an estate of freehold in possession, for his own use and benefit, in lands and tenements in Victoria, of the rains of £2,000 sterling money or of the annual value of £200 sterling money above all charges and encumbrances affecting the same. This is clear, one would think, to the dullest comprehension. There is no " damnable iteration" of synonymes or provisos to bewilder; the understanding, no clouds of ambiguous: terms or phrases, under cover of which the most adventurous or sanguine Jehu couIcF hope to get through with his team and vehicle. Still, in order to block up the semblance of an opening, we have Schedule B in reference to the above clause prescribing the following declaration : I. A. B. , do declare and testify that I am duly seized at law or in equity of on estate of freehold, for my own use and benefit, in lands or tenements in the colony of Victoria, of the value of pounds sterling money, above all charges and encumbrances affecting the same,; and further that the lands or tenements out of which such qualification arises, are situated in the parish of in the reputed county of The description of which lands and tenements are as follow r . And I further declare that I have not collusively or colourably obtained a title to or becoms p SEssed of the said lands and tenements, or any part Uici cot, for tho purpose of qualifying or enabling in to be returned a Member of the Legislate e Assembly of the colony of Victoria I This, it strikes me, is a clincher re- i minding me of the caution of a gentleman who, in sending a hostile message to an Irish lawyer, appointed (a well-known locality) the f Fifteen Acres" as the place of meeting, bedding "be the same more or less lost his enemy should ride off on a quibble for it is not enough that a man shall declare he is so "resolutely and unreservedly possessed of the < qualification, but he must furthermore declare, that he has not collusively or colourably \- obtained a title to the same. The most gladiatorial conscience-monger can find no room diem for fencing or wriggling. Even the Down East miner who swore he was over twenty none because he had those numerals in his < shoes ? or the Irish fortune hunter who vowed that his deceased uncle left him £200 a year rehearse he bequeathed him £200 for one year, would not have the ghost of a loophole But still further to invest the declaration with all it's terrors, there is clnuBO 83, enacting If any member, either or the Council of Assembly, shall know ingly or wilfully make a false declaration respecting; his qualification as aforesaid, such person shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanour, and being;,' thereof lawfully con ceded, shall suffer the Uko palm and penalties as by law are incurred by persons guilty (of w Hill and corrupt perjury So that unsophisticated gentlemen do not .t.fljte'a- leap in the dark, but, on the contrary, Maitland the provisions and penalties starting Ethelyn the face, but nous versions. M am. Sir, your obedient servant I SHILELAGH. 