MORTALi PY AMIONGST THE "CHEW ?" NEWSPAPERS, ALREADY .ve ten of those".puling': bantlings i n deposited in' an infantine. gravc. Fir in the race towardst:aa. early tomb, in the path of a doubtful fame, the 1 'anchester .Halfpeasy Ez press blew i tt its puny wail, and siink for everin .e stream of forgetfulness.. Its brief useless career was speedily emulated b the Penny Express, which found a miy noble birth and an igno minious n in the same enterprising city. A wopenny abortion, which made its appeariance in Liverpool, under the title of the Guardian, gave up the ghost, a r spasmodically drawing breath twitdo or thrice. The Leeds and. Yorkshire Daily Express expired at the concluion of a lingering illness, yet its whole nure of life was but of four teen days; duration. The Newcastle Coriie, as also completed its earthly journeyig , and is not amain expected to revisit " the glimpses of the moon." A similar y short span of existence only was allot d the Deeonport Post. Theb usual tion of our Scotch bret!: n,. seems t ave forsaken them in regard: . to cheaj newspapers, and they "weont into th ,reeding of that class of stook' with ar cing eagerness. Old papers, 6f decent pecuniary character, split up .''their thrice-week sheets into tiny flaps o.:f daily news. New and very original 'half-pennyworths of diurnal intelligence spring up like mushrooms, and many of the old hemdomadals shrunk instinc tively away firom contact with the pert aspirants. The spasmodic heaving, though severe, was of brief duration. Already has the ricketty progeny began to show syvmtoms of decay. The G<lasugow Daily Times, and the Glas yow rec Churchman, have both yielded their worthless breath and expired of inanimation. In Ireland, the mania seems to have spread with equal rapi dity, and to have met with a similar tites; the Limerich Daily Times, and thd Clonmel Daily Chronicle, having strutted their brief hour upon the stage, have been numbered with "the years ibeyond the flood." The Deerry Sen tinel, and the Stirling Obsereer, hav ing each essayed a double trial of theirl readers patience, by publishing twice instead of once a-week, have drawn in their horns, and each retired into its weekly shell. The Irish organ, with characteristic frankness, states its reason for adjuring, the new newspaper faith, iun ;tt following sensible admission of its error:-,"We found that the mer carntile class were opposed to advertising more.than once a week; and as success principally depended on the increase of advertisements, it would be fruitless to continue publishing twice weekly under such circumstances." Numbers of others, it is well known, have already received such damage to their sickly constitutions, as to render it impossible that they can long survive.-Licerpool Standard. 