€&k;& utA ikefrltm THE DANGERFIELD GHOST, (From Fraser's Magazine.) Irithe reign of George II., the head of the house,. Sir Hugh Horsinghara, married a young wife, and brought -her home to Dangerfield with the usual demonstrations and 'rejoicings peculiar to such an event. Sir Hugh: was a dark, morose man, considerably older than; hfe; Bride. \- Stern and forbidding in his manners, but possessing deep feelings under a reserved exterior, and a- courage and determination not to be daunted or subdued'.. Such a man was capetble ot great things, tor good or for evil, and such was the very nature on which a woman's influence might have produce the mostbeneficialresults; But unfortunately young Lady Horsingham had but one feeling for her lord, and that was intense terror of his anger.. She never sought to win bis confidence,, she- never- entered into, his political schemes, deeper studies, or even his country amusements and pursuits ; all she thought of was how to avoid offending Sir Hugh, and ere long this one idea grew to such a pitch that she quite trembled in his presence, could scarcely answer distinctly when he spoke to her, and seemed hardly to draw breath in freedom save when out of his sight. Such a stale of things could_have but one ending — distrust and suspicion on one side, unqualified aversion on the other. A marriage, never of inclination, as indeed in those days amongst great families few marriages were, became an insupportable slavery ere the first year of wedded life had elapsed f atid by the time an heir was born to the house of Horsingham, probably there was no unhappier couple within fifty miles of Dangerfield than dark Sir Hugh and his pretty fair-haired gentle wife. No I she ought never to have married him at all. It was but the night before ?her wedding that she walked in the garden of her father's old manor-house with a bright open-hearted handsome youth, whose brow wore that expression of acute agony, ?which it is so pitiable to witness on a young countenance, that looks almost as if physical pain were added to mental anguish, which betokens how the iron has indeed entered into the sufferers soul,' 'Ah, you may plead « Cousin Edward,' but we women are strange mixture, and the '?'..' ,' weakest of us may possess obstinacy such as no earthly : consideration can overcome.' Lucy! Lucy ! for the last time, think of it — for the love of Heaven, do not drive me niad— think of it once more — it is the last, last chance.' The speaker was white as a sheet, aud his hollow voice came in hoarse inarticulate whispers as he looked almost fiercely into that dear face to read his doom. Too well he ' knew the set, fixed expressions of her delicate profile. She did not dare turn towards him ; she could not have looked him in the face and persevered, but she kept her eyes fastened on the horizon, as though she saw her future in the fading sunset ; and whilst her heart seemed turn ing to very stone, she kept her lips firmly closed ; she repressed the tears that would have choked her, and so for , that time she conquered. Lucy had a great idea of duty ; hers was no high-principled love of duty from the noblest motives, but a morbid dread of self-reproach. She had not character enough to do anything out of her own notions of the beaten track. She had promised her father she would marry Sir Hugh Horsiagham ;— not that he had the slightest right to exact such a promise, — and she felt bound to fulfil it. She never remembered the in , . jury she was doing ' Cousin Edward,' the right which such devotion as his ought to have given him. She knew she loved- him better than anyone in the world ; she knew she ?was about to commit an act of the greatest injustice -towards Sir Hugh, but she had 'promised papa,' and though ? ? she would have given worlds to avoid fulfilling her compact, . ? '''? she had not strength of mind to break the- chain and be ? free. ' ? ' Cousin Edward I Cousin Edward f you- should have carried her off then and there ; she would Live been truly grateful for the rest of her life, but she would have died sooner than open her lips. He was hurt — reckless — ? almost savage. He thought her sullen.. 'Once more, Lucy/ he said, and his eye glared fiercely in the waning light, 'once more, will you give me one word, or never sei eyes on me again ? r Her lips never moved. 'I give you tiil we pass that tree,'— he looked dangerous now,— 'and then' — he swore a ^reat oath, — 'I leave you for ever.' Lucy thought the tree looked strange and ghastly, in vh'e . rising moon, she even remarked a knot upon- its- smooth, white stem, bat she held out whilst one might have counted tea; and when she turned round,, poor girl !' Cousin Edward was gone* So the bells rung merrily at Dangerfield, and the rustics huzzaed for their landlord, and the comely village maidens envied the 'bride; and Lucy was Lady Horsingham now, with new duties and a high position, and a large, fine, gloomy house, and jewels in her hair, and an aching heart in her bosom. Nevertheless, she determined to do her duty as a wife ; and every hour of the day she resolved not to think of Cousin Edward. Years elapsed, and pretty Lucy became a gentle, Hand some woman — 'kindly courteous, and beloved by all, timid and shrinking only .with Sir Hugh.. Herr husbandj wearied and discontented-; mixed himself fiercely in all the intrigues of the day— became a staunch partisan of the House of Stewart, and sought for excitement abroad in proportion as he missed, congeniality of feeling at home. It was an unhappy household;- Their one child was-; the mother's sole consolation : she scarcely ever let it out of Ker presence. They were a- pretty sightr that loving couple, as they basked iro the sun on a fine summer's morning, on the terrace in front of the manor- house. The boy with his mother's blue eyes and his own golden curls, and the arch, merry smile that he never got from stern* Sir Hugh ; and the fair, graceful woman, with her low white brow and her soft brown hair, and her quiet gestures and gentle sorrowing face — that face that haunts poor Cousin Edward still.. ' Mamma.! ' says the urchin; pouting his rosy lips, 'why don't you play with me ? — what are you thinking of?' and1 a shade- passes- over that kind face, and she blushes, though there is no one with her but the child, and catches him up and* smothers him with kisses,, and says, 'You my darling,r but nevertheless, I do not think at that moment she was thinking either of her boy or Sir Hugh. And. where was Cousin Edward all the time ? Why, at that particular instant sword-point to sword-point with Colonel Bludyer of the. dragoons, slightly wounded in two places — cold and wary; and seeming to enjoy, with a sort of fierce pleasure, such a safety-valve for excitement as a duel with one of the best fencers in Europe. Cousin Edward was an altered man since he stood with the future Lady Horsingham in the moonlight. 'An evil councillor is dispair ;' and he had hugged that grim ad viser to his heart. He had grown handsomer, indeed, than ever ; but the -wild eye, the haggard brow, and the ?deep lines about his mouth, spoke of days spent in fierce excitement — nights passed in reckless dissipation. He had' never forgotten Lucy through it all, but even her image only goaded him to fresh evtravagances — anything to deaden the sting of remembrance — anything to efface the maddening past. So Cousin Edward, too, became a Jacob ite 'y and was there a daring scheme to be executed, a fool hardy, exploit to be performed — life and limb to be risked without a question — who so ready and so reckless as ' handsome Ned Meredith V In fhe course of their secret meetings and cabals, he became slightly acquainted with Sir Hugh Horsingham ; and with the inexplicable infatuation peculiar to man in love,, ho took a pleasure in even being near one so closely connected with Lucy, although that one was the very person who had deprived him of all he valued on earth. So it fell out that Sir Hugh Horsingham and Ned Meredith were supping at the Eose and Thistle, in close alliance, the table adjoining them being occupied by those stanch Hanoverians, Col. Bliidyer, and' Mr. Thornton. ' Here's the Blackbird/ said' Cousin Edward, tossing off a huge goblet of Bourdeaux,. and looking round the room with an heir of defiance as he proposed' so well known a toast.- Sir Hugh was a man of a certain grim humour, and as he drained his goblet and nodded to his- comprnion-, he added, ' May the rats dance to his whistle, and the devil — that's you, Ned — take the hindmost !' Colonel Bludyer rose from his chair, placed his cocked hat on his head, and turned the buckle- of his sword-belt in front. ' The King ! ' he shouted, raising his hat with one hand and filling, a bumper with- the other.. * The King ! ' he repeated, scowling fiercely at his two neighbours. 'Over the water ! ' roared Ned Meredith ;? and the Colo nel, turning rapidly round, and mistaking his man* flung his cocked-hat rig'li't in'- Sir Hugh: Horsingham's face,. Swords were out in a second^ — thrust, parry, and return passed like lightening, but the bystanders separated' the combatants ; and Meiedithr determining for the sake of Lucy that Str Hugh should encounter no unnecessary danger, took the whole quarrel on himself, and arranged a meeting for the following morning with- the redoubtable Colonel Bludyer. . Thus it was that while Lucy and her boy were basking in the summer sunshine; Cousin Edward was exhausting all his knowledge of swordraanship in 'ain endeavours to get within that iron colonel's guard. The duel was fought on the ground now occupied by Leicester square, bir Hugh and Mr. Thornton officiating as seconds, though the latter being disabled from the effects of a re cent encounter, they did not, as was usual in those days, fight to the death, merely lpoitr se desenmiyer.' Stripped to their shirts — in breeches and silk stockings, with no shoes — the antagonist lunged, and glared, and panted, and twice paused for breath by mutual consent, with no further damage thati two, .slight wounds in Ned's sword-ann. ' Very pretty practice,' said Mr. Thornton, cooly taking a pinch of snuff, and offering his box to Sir Hugh - *Tm in dispair at not being able to oblige you this fine morn iug.' ' Some other time,' replied Sir Hugh, with a grim smile ; 'D— ation,' he added, 'Ned's down.' Sure enough, Cousin Edward was on the grass, striving, in vain, to raise himself, and gasping out that he 'wasn't ;ihe leasl hurt/ He had got it just between the ribs, and was trying to- staunch- the blood with a delicate laced hand kerchief, in a corner of ' which, had he examined it eloselyj sir Hugh would have found embroidered the well known mime of ? Lucy..' Poor Cousin Edward !; it was all hehad belonging to his lost love, and he would have been unwill ing to- die without that fragment of lace in.' his^ hand. 'A very promising fencer,' remarked' Colonel' Bludyer, as lie wiped his rapier on, the grass* ' If he ever gets over it, he won't forget that *pldngeant' thnist in tierceV I never knew it fail, Thornton — never, with a man under thirty.? So- the Colonel put his coat on, and drove off to . breakfast ; whilst Sir Hughtook charge of Ned Meredith,, andi as soon as he was recovered — for his wound was not mortal — carried him down with him toget thoroughly weli; at Dangerfield Hall. , ?'[:.' It is an old, old story.. Love outraged and set* af defi ance, bides his time, ancltakes his ifevenge.. Dangerfield looked like a different place now, so thought' Lucy ; and her spirits rose,, and the colour came back to her cheek,. and she even summoned courage to speak without hesitat ing to Sir Hugh- 'When Cousin' Edward was strong enough to limp about' the house,-it seemed that glimpses of sunshine brightened those dark- oak rooms, and ere ha was able to take the air, once more leaning.on Lucy's arm, alaa t alas-!-' he hadi become- even-' dearer to the impassioned,, thoughtful womany than he even was to the timid vacillat ing: girl.. There1 was an addition now to the dinner partjr on- the terrace in- the bright autumn' mornings,, but the little boy needed no longer to ask mamma * What she was thinking of,' and the three would have seemed to a careless observer, a happy- family party — husband, wifey-and child* Oh T that it could; have but have- been sot In- the mean time, Sir Hugh was again as usual busied with- his State intrigues and party politics, and absented himself for weeks together from the Hall j. ridiug post to London night and dayr returning at all sorts of unexpected hours, leaving again at a moments notice, and otherwise comporting himself in his usual mysterious-, reserved man ner. Yet those who knew him best opined there was something wrong about Sir Hugh. Be was restless and preoccupied; his temper less easily excited about trifles than was his wont, but perfectly ungovernable when once he gave way to it. No man dared to question him. He had not a friend in the world who would have ventured to offer him a word of advice or consolation, but it wa* evident to his servants and his intimates that Sir Hughs was ill at ease. Who can tell the struggles that rent that strong proud heart 1 Who could see beneath that cold' surface, and read the intense feelings of love, hatred,.:, jealousy, or revenge that smouldered below, stifled and kept down by the iron will, the stubborn indomitable pride ? There is a. deep meaning in the legend of that; Spartan boy who suffered the stolen fox to gnaw his very vitals, the while he covered him with his tunic, and pre- - served on his brave face a calm smile of unconcern. Most of us have a stolen fox somewhere ; but the weak nature writhes and moans, and is delivered from its torment, while the bold unflinching spirit preserves a gallant bearing before the world, and scorns to be relieved from the fangs that are draining its very life away. Whatever Sir Hugh saw or suspected, he said not a word to Lucy, nor was it until surmise had become certaintyr that he forbade 'Cousin Edward' the house. To him he would not condecend to explain his motives ; he simply wrote to him to say that on his return he should expect to- find his guest had departed, and that he had sufficient, reasons for requesting his visits might not be repeated.. With his wife he was if possible more austere and morose than ever, so onee more the hall resumed its old aspect of cheerlessness and desolation, and its mistress went moping about more than ever, miserable and broken-hearted,.. Such a state of things could not long go on :. the visits: forbidden openly, took place by stealthy and the climax-, rapidly approached which was to result in the celebrated Dangerfield tragedy.. At this period there was set on foot another of those determined plots which,. during the first two reigns of the House of Hanover, so constantly harassed that dynasty,, Sir Hugh,, of course, was a prime mover of the conspiracy and was much in Londonand;else where,., gathering intelli— gencej.raising funds, . and malting converts to his opinions Ned Meredith,., having, it is to be presumed, all Ms energies occupied in his own private intrigues, had somewhat; withdrawn of late froni the Jacobite party j. and Sir Hugh heard,, with his grim-unmoved smile, many a jest and in uendo- levelled at the absentee;. One- stormy- winter's day.the baronet, well armedj. cloaked' and bootedjleft his- own house for the metropolis,, accom panied by one trusty servant. He was bearing papers of' importance^ and was; hurrying on to lay them with this-1 greatest despatch before his fellow conspirators... As the evening, was drawing on, Sir Hugh's horse shied away from-', a wild figure, looming like some spectre in- the fading light and ere he had forced the animal back into the path, his bridle was caught by a half-naked lad-, whom the rider at once recognised as an emissary he-had often before em ployed to be the bearer of secret intelligence, and who,, under an affection of being half-witted, concealed much'? shrewdness of observation,, and unimpeachable fidelity to the cause.. 'Whip and spur,. Sir Hugh — whip and spur,' said the-* lad, who seemed flustered and confused with drink- — 'you may burst your best horse betwixt this and London^ and? all to get there before you're wanted.. A dollar to drink,.. Sir Hugh, like handsome Ned gave me this morning — a dollar to drink,. and I'll save you a journey for the sake of the ' Bonny White Eose' and the ' Bird with, the Yellow Bill Sir Hugli- scrutinised the lad with* a pierceing eye* flung him a crown foohv his purse, and bid liim 'out with what he had to say, for that he himself was hurrieJ,.and mus*/ push on to further the good cause.' The lad was- sobered1 in an instant. ' Look ye here, Sir Hugh,' ha said,., eagerly ;: Handsome Ned went down the road at a gallop this morning.. There's. something brewing in London, you may trust me, Sir Hugh, and I tried to stop him to learn his errand ;. but he tossed me a crown, and galloped on. He took, the hill road, Sir Hugh, and you came up the vale, but he's- bound for Dangerfield, I know, and mayhap he's got papers that will save your journey to London; no offence, Sir Hugh/' added the: lad,, for the baronet's face was black. as midnightu '?-''None, my good boy,' was the reply in a hoarse, thick voice. ,' Hold, there's another crown for you — drink it every farthing, you villian ! or I never give you a sixpence again ;' and Sir Hugh rode on as though bound for London, hut stopped a mile farther forward, at a place where two roads met, and entrusting his papers to his servant, bade him hasten on with them, whilst he had gal loped back through the darkneuB in the direction of his home. Home, indeed ! had ifc ever been home to Sir Hugh? would it be home to-night? When he got back there, and skulked into his own house like a midnight thief — what would he do? — why as he galloped back so fast ? Sir Hugh aet his teeth tight, and holding his powerful horse hard by the head, urged him on faster than be fore. The lights are all ont in the little village of which he is Bole master, and his horse's hoofs clattering through the street rouse the sleepy inmates for an instant, ere they return to their peaceful rest. Sir Htig-h is not sleepy, he feels as if he never should want to sleep again. . How dark it is in the park, under those hnge old trees. He fastens his horae to one of them with drooping branches, and after removing his pistols from their holsters, spreads his cloak over the heaving flanks of the heated animal. Habit is second nature, and he does not forget the good horse. He strides through the shrub beries) aud across Lucy's garden, crushing with his heavy boot heel the last flower that had lingered on into the winter. There is a light streaming from one of the windows in the gallery. Ha ! -r-he tnuy be right — he may not have returned in vain ; for an in stant a feeling of sickness oomeB over him, and he learns for the first time that he had cherished a hope he might be deceived. He oan let himself in by the garden gate wuh his own pass-key Ere he is aware, he is tramping up the corridor in his heavy horse* man's boots — his hand is on the door — there is a woman's shriek —and Sir Hugh's tall dark figure fills the door-way of Lucy's sitting-room, where, alas! she is not alone, for the stern, angry husband is confronted by Ned Meredith. Lucy cowers down in a corner of the room, with her face buried in her hands. Ceusin Edward draws himself up to his full height, and looks his antagonist steadily in the face, but with an expres sion of calm despair that seems to say fate has now done her worst. Sir Hugh is cool, collected, and polite, nay, he can even smile, but he: speaka strangely, almost in a whisper, and hisses through his set teeth. He has double-locked the door behind him, and turns to Cousin Edward with a grave courteous bow. { 'You have done me the honour of an unexpected visit, Mr. Meredith,' he says ; I trust Lady Horsingham has entertained you hospitably? Pray, do not stir, Madam. Mr. Meredith, we are now ??-.-: q'uifcs, -you saved my life when you encountered Colonel Bludyer. I forbore from taking yours when 1 had proofs that 'it was my right. We have now entered on a fresh account, but the game shall be fairly. played. Mr. Meredith, you are a man of honour — yes, it shall be fairly played.' Ned's lip quivered, but he bowed, and stood perfectly still. 'Lady Horsingham,' continued Sir Hugh, ' be good enough to hand me those tables, they contain a dice-box. Nay, Mr. Meredith,' seeing Ned about to assist the helpless, frightened woman, ' when present, at least, I expect my ?wife to obey me.' Lucy was forced to rise, aud, trembling in every limb, to prevent the tables of her lord. Sir Hu-»h placed the dice, box on the table, laid his pistols beside it, and taking a seat, mo tioned to Cousin Edward to do the same. 'You are a man of honour, Mr. Meredith,' he repeated ; * we will throw three times, and the highest caster shall blow the other's brains out ? Lucy shrieked, and rushed to the door ; it was fast, and her husband forced her to sit down and watch the ghastly game. * Good God ! Sir Hugh,1 exclaimed Cousin Edward, this is too horrible, for your wife's sake ; any reparation, I can make, I will, but this ia murder, deliberate murder.' 4 Yon are a man of honour, Mr. Meredith,' reiterated Sir Hugh ; ?'I ask for no reparation but this — the chances are equal, if the Btakes are high. You are my guest, or rather I should say Lady Horsingham' s guest. Begin.' Cousin Edward's face turned ghastly pale: he took the box, shook it, hesitated, but the immovable eye was fixed on him ; the Btern lips repeated once more, ' You are a man of honour,' and he threw; — 'Four.' It was now Sir Hugh's turn. With a courteous bow he received the box, and threw — 'Seven.' Again the adversaries cast* the one a six, and the other ' a three; and now they were' even in the ghastly match. Once more Cousin Edward shook the box, and the leeping dice turned up — ?' Eleven.' Lucy's white face stood out in the lamp-light, as she ? watched with eyes that seemed to have lost the power of sight. 'For God's sake, forgo this frightful determination, Sir Hugh,' pleaded Cousin Edward ; take my life, in a fair field. I wiH offer no resistance, but you can hardly expect to outdo my throw, and . nothing shall induce me to take advantage of it : think better of it, Sir Hugh, I entreat you.' fct * You are a man of honour, Mr. Meredith, and so am I,' was the only reply, as Sir Hugh brandished the box aloft, and thundered it down on the table — ' Sixes !' ' Good casting,' lie remarked^ and at the same instant, cocking the pistol nearest to him, discharged it full into his antagonist's bosom. The bullet sped through a deli cate handkerchief which he always wore there, straight and true into Cousin Edward's heart. As he fell forward across the table, a dark Btream flowed slowly, .along the carpet, till ife dyed the border of Lucy's white dress'with a crimson stain. She was on her fcnees, apparently insensible, but one small hand felt the cold, wet contact, and she looked at it, and saw that it was blood. Once more she uttered a shriek that. rang through those vast buildings, and rushed again to the door to find it locked. In sheer despair she made for the window, threw open the casement, and ere Sir Hugh could seize or stop her, flung herself headlong into the court below. When the horrified husband looked down into the dark ness, a whisp of white garments, a bruised and lifeless body, was all that remained of Lady Eorsingham. That night one-half of Dangerfield Hall was consumed by fire. Its mistress was said to have perished in the flames. The good neighbours, the honest country people, pitied poor Sir Hugh, gal loping back from London to find his house in ruins and his wife a corpse. His gay companions missed ' Ned Meredith' from his usual bannts, but it was generally supposed he had obtained a mis sion to the court of St. Germains, and there was a rumour that he had perished in a duel with a French marquis. A certain half witted lad might have elucidated the mystery, but he had been kidnapped and sent to the plantations. After many years he returned to England, and on his death-bed left a written statement implicating Sir Hugh in the double crime of arson and murder. But long ere this the culprit' had appeared before a tribunal which admits of no prevarication, and the pretty boy with the golden curls had become lord of Dangerfield Hall. The long corridor had been but partially destroyed. It was repaired, and refurnished by successive generations ; but; guests and servants all ke refused to »Ieep again in that dreary wing, after the first trial. Every night so surely as the old clock tolled out the hour of twelve, a rush of ? - feet w&a.; heard along the passage— a window looking into the court was thrown open — a pierceinw scream from a woman's voice rung through the' building— -arid those who were bold enough to lookout averred that they beheld a white figure leap wildly into the air and disappear. Some even went so far as to affirm that drops of blood, . freshly sprincled, were found every morning on the pavement of the court. But no one ever doubted the Diiiigerfield ghost to be tie nightly apparition of Lucy, Lady Horsingham. At length, in my grandfather's time, certain boards being lifted to admit of f reah repairs in the accursed corridor, the silver- mounted guard of a rapier, the stock and barrel of a pistol, with a shred of lace on .which the letter 'L' was yet visible, were discovered by the 'workmen. They are in existance still. Whatever other remains accompanied them tuned to dust immediately on exposure to the air. That dust was however religiously collected and buried in ,tbe mausoleom appropriated to the Horsinghams. Since then the ?Rfhost has been less troublesome ; but most of the family have seen or heard it at leiiRt once in their lives. I confess that if ever I lie awake at Dangerfield till the clock strikes twelve, I invariably stop my ears, and bury my head under the bed-cloths for at least a 'tjun'rter of an hour. By these means 1 have hitherto avoided any .personal intercourse with the Dangerfield Ghost. BHIIIHiBMHHIip^ ? ||,,, ? ,,,. 