THE SYDiTRV NORNING JIER4LDS «HJS, TOR1CAL, PARALLEL," TQ th» suitor of the Empire, SiR-^The Sydney Morning Heralii has lately been very engorly trying to convince the people j of New South "Wales that they aro hurrying downwards to the abyss of revolutionary fury ; and to-day, again, the fearful course of the first French llevolution is held np as a warning of the anarchy and bloodshed we may expect here, unless the successful career of Mr. Cowper and his colleagues is stopped short. The late (and future ?) Premier is the Sydney MIKABEAU ; some one of " the more decided liberals " is soon to follow him in the character of DANTON ; and somewhere among our youth- ful agitators lurks the tiger heart of a RoDEsriERUE, who in a few years, or even months (for revolutions are fearfully rapid), will be sending off scores of us to a Darlinghurst guillotine. The absurdities of this moody alarmist would be laughable were it not for a mixture in our feelings of serious pity for that portion of his readers who swallow the doleful potion so largely administered. But really it is shameful that such compari- sons and predictions should be circulated through the colony by ajournai professing to guide and mould public sentiment. What would be thought of a parent, who on every trifling ebullition of passion or self-will, would assure his sons that they were treading closely in the steps of Rush, Palmer, or Courvoisier, or some equally atrocious criminal ? Would I he not be justly considered to be using a very ill-advised method of teaching true meekness? And when we see a fatherly "counsellor of the people" (which every editor ought to be), and one who holds a still more important and sacred office, at every dis- play of popular feeling denouncing tho leaders and exponents of popular opinions in the style of this morning's Herald, we cannot but think that his warnings are more calculated to arouse and goad than to allay the passions of the crowd. But the supposed parallel is groundless. It was not Mirabeau (whose designs were truly conservative in the best sense of the word) who prepared the way for Robespierre ; but the former rulers of France, especially Louis XIV. and XV., and the infidel writers of whom Voltaire was the chief. Reckless tyranny and voluptuousness in the Court, all-pervading corruption in public offices, and infidelity in the priesthood of literature were the real causes of the anarchy and cruelty which stained the Revolution. The spirit of Reform, far from being chargeable with any of the crimes of that era, preserved France from a worse fate. Reform, well repre- sented in the just political sentiments and career of Mirabeau, would have saved France from the horrors of the most dreadful civil war ; but already tyranny and corruption had wrought too long and too successfully. Now, as we have neither groaned under a gigantic tyranny like that of Louis XIV., nor been led blindfold en masse hy the fascinating impiety of a Voltaire, it is quite unreasonable, and at variance with the experience which history sets before U3, to entertain the fear that the spirit of Reform will here bo the forerunner of anarchy and political murder. The poor Herald seems to dread the least movement in tho direction of enlarging popular rights ; its argument of to-day, fairly applied, forbids all such progress. The ghost of revo- lution continually arising before tho troubled imagination of the editor warns us to STAND STILL, lest wo slido down the inclined plane of reform into the abyss. But oun MIHADEAUS will succeed in their conservative policy ; by applying to existing institutions the correctives of Justice and Freedom, they will obviate the necessity of violent and destructive changes ; which political wrongs and administrative corruption would, if allowed to remain and grow, render inevitable. T rmi. Sil- vmivs trill v. WILLIAM RIDLEY. Saturday, 11th October, 1850. 