^trkrap fram <Sircrk AN INVOCATION FROM THE ARMY. To an illustrious Field 2£arthals By the service thou hast seen; By each hour tnou hast been Undertime jo trench or held; By that sword whi.'h thoa dost wield First in breach or upon wall; By thy daring actions all; By thy charges and attacks; By thy halts and bivouacs; By the nights which thou hast spent In the cold and dreary tent; By the hard and scsnty fare Tbcu hast often had to share; By the nations thou hast braved; By the Miuie t>olts of lead, Which have whistled past thy head; By the countless cannon-shot, Bound, grape, canister, red-hot, Near thee which have piough'd the ground; By the bombs that have burst round; By the rockets that have dropp'd Bight before tby feet—end popp'd; By each sabre, bay'net, lance, Which thy breastplate hath made glance; By each gallant charger, slain Under thee upon the plain; Bv the mines which thou f-tnong, Oft host boon when they were sprung'; By thine honourable scars; By thy wounds in all thy wars; By thy cut, and by thy thrust. Which hare caused to bile the dust Many a hero, and to fall Herds of legions—by them all; By the haz 4rds thou hast ruu; By the battles thou hast wen; By great armies forced to flee; By great cities ta'cu by thee; By all thy strategic fea's. Bold advances, wise retreats ; By thy sieges and campaigns; By thy caplurc-d ordnance-trains; By thy booty and thy spoil; By thy icugth of warlike toil; By thy boots, thy spurs, thy belt; By the powder thou hast smelt; By the hat, frock, all the clothes Which to ihee the soldier owes— Best thee, Albert, rest thee now. With thy laurels on thy brow; Best thee, warrior, let the fame Thou hast earn'd suffice thy name; Best, and, as a man of peace, Meddling with our army cease; Martial business leave alouc, Be content to mind thine own. IttRS SWAXSDOWtf'S WORK-TAjB£i£.-^o. 3. j A COlTTErANCiyO l/ECTUBB JO» WTS XADIES, " Steal, foh! the wise convey it call."—S^&kspbxee.; The consultation was to he held, aa I told you, my rieara, between the two conveyancing igenilemen, each -attended by his attorney, in order thatVlie points in dis yutc might be discussed eicweocc. And it wonid have been held earlier, and you would therefore have heard of It last week, but the assises are now on. Mr.Oe Kavil "was retained to go down on one'Of the Circuits to give This assistance in turning some -ladies oat of their pa ternal estate, because their -great-grandfather, one Gizzard, spelt bis name with one "*'z" in the deed that settled the propert,. However, as soon as he came bade (Punch is happy to say, defeated—for evidence was brought to show tent, in 47E0, many-great men, ths author of "Clarissa Harlowc," among others, spelt tbe word that way, wfeich was a great triumph for law, logic, and justice}, the consultation was -exranged. Mr, De Kavil happens-tobe the senior counsel, so the meet ing was held at his chanibors. Now, both he and Mr.- Gmbby. besides being eminent lawyers, are hirridy- edueated incn, whosee a good deal of the world, and the Attorneys, also,"-are not disrepu table grabs, with tumbled shirt-fronts and grimy nails, but gentlemanly men,-with private houses in Pancrasia. 60 that tbe piety was p'casant enough, and what made : it more pleasant was, that all four gentlemen were being■ largely paid for enjoying it. When Mr. Grubby and Mrs. "Swansdown's 'solicitor. (somebody said, my dears, that there was tbe same dif ference between an-attorney and a-solicitor as between an alligator and a crocodile; bnt-sclicitor is the coveted phrase, except in the'Ministry; where the Attorney-Ge neral is higher than the Solicitor-General) arrived at Mr. De Kavil's chambers, they foand Mr, Fondlesquaw's solicitor waiting,"-ftcd beguiling the time by telling the conveyancer's pupils (a hundred guineas each paid,-ray loves, for leave tocopy such rubbish out of an old manu script book) a capital story al>oct Lola Monies. Amid their wars, the three entered Mr. De Kavil's elegant room, -dhanningiy furnished;-bang round with pictures, and very slightly scented with-a first-rate cigar. He re ceived them with great cordiality, and they all sat down at a round table, and the solicitors took ont the papers. "Didn't I-see you atJenny-Lind's concert, De Kavil V said Mr. Grubby. "Yes, I -was there. For rjyself, I don't much care about the 'Creation,' but my-girls wanted to hear her— they were'too young,-yea know, for her last -opera season." " Pleased of course ?" "Gh eztacies. I have-heard nothing bat samps-of Haydn ever since, and l"wns obliged, at lost, to exert my parental voice, andi insist upon their reverting to Mendelssohn/' " You might take tickets for' Elijah,' and se iplease both parties." " Thank yon. I'll trouble you, if you meet them, not to put such things into their heads. All very well for you jniliionnaire bachelors to be buying guinea -tickets, m paint cmtcripti can't afibrd'it. Hal ha! ha! ha!" All four gentlemen Soughed pleasantly,'as well-to-donmcu always laugh, when pro fessing poverty. Then they bod some more talk about the1 Exeter Hall concerts, and tte extortion practised ^y those who had-bought up the tinkctB, to sell them at extrava gant warns. : Oe KavilgWho is a tory, tanntcd Grubby with this- illustration of free trade, and Grubby, who is a liberal, declared that it was not free trade, bet tbe policy of a protectisenst farmer, wbo kept -np 'tis cam in-hope of starvation prices. This naturally led to polities, and the qncstion-af pence or war, and Mr. -Pal mentoh's- chances in 'Parliament next session, fir. Grubby thought that it was uselesB for the opposition to try-to make a Ministry, they were such incapahles. .25r. \- De Kavil admitted that they had some helpless •erea tares -among them, each as Lord Malmesbury, end (then; but that they codd make ncvlj as good a-show as the'prcsent bcL Mr.-Grubby allowed that, except in Pam, and Clarendon, and Panmure, there was not -nscch brainE in tbe Cabinet; -hut then they were pot in to make war, and. for nothing else. This brought oa the position of tie armies in tbe Crimea, and Mr. De Kavil fetched some beautiful maps which he bad jsst beught, and-wluch they all examined with great interest -and tbe others made memoranda of the place where" they were to be obtained. (No; you don't get the puff,.gen tlemen, onv of you. Punch.) Scddemy, it occurred twMr. De Kavil that the -party had met on business, and tolling np one of the Abstracts it litis, he said:— " By the way, Grubby,.about these points m your wolfe-tablc title. I can't sec my way to that bnA that the servant girl swallowed. ■ I can swallow a good -deal, too." (Much laughter.) "Let's sec," said Mr. Grot by. "X forget. Wotddyoa find tthe place for me, lie. Buster?" This was Mrs. gwansdown's attorney. " Certainly," said Mr. Boater. "It was not the girl, you-know, that swallowed it. She ran up stairs,-dedla -ingthat the child had donaco." " Oh, ah, right;" eaid Mr. Do Kavil. And this re minded him of a family aaee&ote; of his own, sad itew a servant had imposed on Mrs. De Kavi), when a young wife, with a talc of cats coming down the chimney &na; eating raspberry tarts and pickles. And, of course; Mr. Grubby, had a tale against bis. laundress (who has not?), sad how-ihe accounted for tlticoals going so fast, alleg ing that the rata eat them. And, equally of course, bath solicitors bad stories of servants whom they bad baddo.-proaecnte, and especially of one who always re vengeddiorseU for a scolding by going into the children's bedroom . and frightening them with a ghost. Some sensible things were said, too,,about the difficulty of' dealing-with servants, whom cue wished to treat well, but who ..usually took advantage of kindness, and then' it was uxged, that the servant had too little Bur play. - that tbere-oeght to be training schools for her, and that; she should "enter the service" through an Addiscombe of her own. just like any other-servant of the public. This agalci introduced the educational question gene-' rally, to which Grnbby had given, much attention, and they discussed several plans, bcr^&U; agreed that com pulsory education, and the rebaaUof civil privileges to • parent who- broke the social compact, and neglected to have his children taught, would dojcmch for the coming generation. .'And rally this was. snch very useful talk, my-deary, that although it lasted until the counsel bad other appointments, and the discussion of business was postponed,.Mrs. Swansdown and,Mr. Fondlesquaw could hardly grudge the twenty guineas or so, that; one way or another, the consultation cost them. a fBAnosTAi. vxrw op agates. Ceremonies have their use. To view the procession -of life comfortably and to advantage, it is necessary to stand upon some tbrm. EHB . FAST MAN'S C&EBD.; Our young menadopt as their motto,-"(The race is to the swift;" only to suit their peculiar rapidity of living, they alter it to J'iThe race la to the taek" An indignant ;pqalterer vehemently denounces Mr. Cantelo's egg-hatching machine; a* "n .pjeoe of most detestable duhnow. THE HESD BP A HUNDBED SPtLSXB. The electors of -Southwark are cootinuiqg to give dinners to Sir Charles Napier. This is all very well. They consider bun an ill-nsed old boy (though a little unruly), and are resolved to make all amends to him. As Christmas approaches, we expect to have atjeist a hundred bullocks roasted in his honour throughout the borough of £onthwaek,,jvith some fifty pairs,of blankets, duly embroidered by the wires and daughters .of the constituency, duly presented to him. Every feast is only another bit of - training of the old sailor, that be may go in, and do fight with bir James Graham; at present, from sheer apprehension, it is said, rcduced'rto* gruel diet at Netherby. We only hope that Sir -.Charles will not make too much preparation; will not allow himself to be over-tinned. Let Sir Chariot bear in • memory the story of a Dutchman, who, readying ;to ' -|ump over a ditch, took sc long a ran, that when kef .arrived at the brink, be was fairly oat of breath, and.' jry thereupon compelled to-ait himself down, the jump: •nnjvsnped We thereupon hope that, with all hie pre- ' *ntinrjfeasfl.ig_ and promising, Sir Charles wfii (take ! igood hoed to huiband Ida wind. \- cumming and going, Tpc^>erceive that the wAU-pu£fed publications of Dr. iCpnynsng, who has modestly fixed the year 1866, we on .derstand, lor the terminatiion ,©f .the world, are issued hy Shaw; who ooght to spell his name pshaw whenever She appends^it to a work of D".4*amming« By the way# «?e ahosld like to know, whether .the Doctor practises nrhst hc preaches; and has modeled! h?* fiirsogeicents «s io property or otherwise, with a.view to the short du ration he aligns to the world we lure in. We trust that if he has a house to sell, he would out think of asking moce-thautpiae years' purchase toe the-,fi©ehoid. ALEXANDER'S FEASOR The Emperor of Russia being xn&do; to eat his own words. BUSSIAN BEESWING* The Emperor .-of Russia has presented (bo the Editor of the Northern jtee a snuff-box set in idiaqwnds. We presume this compliment to the See is a recognition of the 'value which t£e Emperor sets on besz. JAc do not .recollect having ever heard, on til lately, of the Northern Sets bat we may before that if any Jfiternary bee is suf fered to " live and bretcthe and have its bee-ing"jin Rus sia, the bee in question #*ust be a very bumble ose. It would be certain de th to the See if it dealt in any other than honeyed words, or dared to tuna at all waxy, ROW THE NIGHTENGALE WAS NOT CAUGHT. A trap was set for the .Swedish Nightingale; a twig was limed; a pinch of salt was held between thumb and fcoger for stxre yet tender cation of Uie bird ; that, jbeing caught, was to be soared £0 sing for & certain pnr ,p&£C,the coaxers getting much praise of worldly worth or not, as it may he, for skiH of bird-catching. Tlie Nigteipgale was to 6ing for a Nightingale! that was the appointed, settled lesson for the melodious bird. Some how it happened that our Nightingale would not thus be beguiled or constrained. £0 she first perched at Exeter Hall; and there divinely sang, singing cs near "at Heaven's pate" as may be permitted to mortal utterance. Well, this being done, who doubts that the Nightingale of Sweden will, in due time, sing in affec tion and reverence of sister Nightingale of England: melody of sound doing homage to melody of soul? Are we to forget a .certain Nightingale wing somewhere in the region of Brampton, under whose cover the hectic tint of consumption may be deepened into the ruddiness of assured health? Are wc to forget the thousand and thousand Nightingale notes, scattered fiu Sweden, In England, fxf the flnited States, in Germany— to cheer and solace the sick, the wafe, the world-weaiy? Therefore, we know that at her own good time, and of her own irfe emotiop. th£ KlgfrtinCTJg will warble for 