WATER POLICE COURT. MONDAY. Br FOur the Water Police Magistrate. 'Peter Hornby was charged with attempting to steal money from the till in the Australian Hotel. It ap- peared that the prisoner had been employed in this hotel by a farmer landlord, and on Saturday went in called for a glass of ale, and was left in the bar alone for a few minutes, and then took the opportunity of going behind the counter and opening the till; he was observed by a waitress, who ran in and took l>r Id of his hands and made him drop the money he had taken. When called upon for his defence the prisoner produced testimonials, showing he had hitherto borne an excellent character, and his Worship t takin g that into consideration bound him over to be of good behaviour for three months, in his own surety of £40, and two others in £20 each in default of finding them, to be imprisoned for three months. John Rolston, William Paterson, and Mary Knight were each convicted of drunkenness, and ordered to pay a fine of 20s., or be imprisoned for twenty-four hours. James Wilson was brought before the court on him. I picton of being of unsound mind. It appeared that he was in the habit of going about the streets at a late hour of the night, frightening people by his extraordinary conduct, and declaring that he was pursued by I ghosts. Dr. Rutter stated that he had I examined the prisoner, and was unable to discover that he was of unsound mind, but it was not improbable that he was labouring under come delusion. He was ordered to find sureties for his good behaviour, himself in £20, and two others of £10 each, in default of finding them to be imprisoned for medical treatment till next Quarter Sessions. Thomas Birch, of the Observer Tavern, Lower George-street, appeared to answer the information of Inspector F J. Weale, charging him with a breach of the licensing act. Defendant pleaded guilty, and stated that he had let the house, although he still held the license, and the parties who had taken it were under the erroneous impression that the license WAS a night one, and entitled them to keep open till 12 o'clock instead of at 10, and that was the cause of the house being open beyond the proper time. Under these circumstances his Worship fined defendant in the mitigated penalty of 20s., and costs 4s. 01. Lawrence Deane, a seaman belonging to the Sarah Ann, was charged by the captain of the Macclesfield with stealing from that vessel three knives ; the complainant proved that defendant cane on board his vessel and took the three knives in question away yesterday morning ; but he only swore to one of them being his property. The prisoner proved the others were his own, and that he took them on board the Macclesfield, and had, therefore, a perfect right to take them away. As he had taken away one knife not his own property, he was ordered to pay a fine of 20s. or be imprisoned for fourteen days. The fine was forthwith paid. John Noel captain of the steamer Nora Creina, and A. W. Sampson, captain of the Carbon, were each convicted of neglecting to keep a constant bright light exhibited at the masthead, while laying in the fairway between the hours of sunset and sunrise, and each fined 20s., and costs 4s. 6d. Joseph Stone, captain of the William and Births, and Henry Cole, captain of the Alice Brown, convicted of neglecting to keep a watch on board during midnight; hours were each fined 10s., and costs 4s. 6d. J. B. Storey appeared to answer the summons of Thomas Gibson, claiming £5 as wages for his son, Edward James Gibson, a boy of 12 years old. It appeared from the evidence of the father that the boy had been engaged to assist him while constructing a wharf at Lane Cove for the defendant, and the sum now claimed was for the wages due to his son for six weeks' labour in the above capacity. The complainant positively swore the defendant had agreed to pay 10s. a-week to his boy. In defence Mr. Storey said a conversation might have taken place about 10s a-week between him and complainant, but he did not agree to give him that rum, but promised to make him a present when the job was completed ; but as complainant did not complete the work, he was not bound to pay anything to the boy. No claim had been made on behalf of the lad until he received the summons Jabez Haydon was examined by the defendant, but gave no evidence directly bearing on the case. His Worship observed that the evidence on both sides was direct complainant swearing that the promise of 10s. a week was made, and the defendant that it was not. He must, therefore, dismiss the case. John Burbo _ appeared to answer the summons of Margaret Read. The complainant sought to recover £2 5s as her wages for her services for 7 weeks and 3 days. She proved her claim distinctly to £1 22. 61, of which sum the bench ordered payment with costs. 