WILLIAMSTOWN MUNICIPALITY. (FROM OUR BAY REPORTER.) The nomination of candidates for muni- cipal honors in this newly-formed district took place at the Bonded Store, in Williams town, on Wednesday evening last. A good deal of interest in the proceedings was mani- fested on the occasion by the principal inha- bitants of the town, and some time before the hour had arrived at which the meeting was to take place, the large room was pretty well filled. Soon after seven o'clock, Captain BURRELL took the chair, and informed the meeting that he did so in consequence of having been honored by the Acting Governor with that authority. He need scarcely say that he presided on that occasion with very great pleasure: for, anxious as he was for the wel- fare of Williamstown, he was desirous that it should be at once made a corporate town. (Hear, hear.) It would be unnecessary for him to express his sentiments upon the occa- sion further than hoping the proceedings would be carried on with order, good feeling, and unanimity, amongst those who intended to come forward to represent the town in the Council. The appointment to the Council was a situation of trust, and involved the responsibility of expending large sums of public money, and as that money would be drawn from the pockets of the electors, he (the Chairman) trusted they would choose men as their re- presentatives who would do justice to the in habitants, as well as to the town itself. (Cheers.) The Chairman then proceeded to read the authority by whlch he presided over the meeting and called upon thom to proceed to the election of two assessors. Mr. Taylor proposed Captain Ferguson: this was seconded by Mr. Vaughan, and the motion at once adopted. Mr. J. Curtis was proposed as the second assessor, when some objection was made on the part of Mr. Agnew, and some confusion arising in the matter, Mr. Curtis at once retired. Mr. Stratford was then elected ; and the motion of Mr. Vaughan, that the Council should consist of seven members, was adopted unanimously, having been se- conded by Captain Freyer. The question as to whether the members of the Council should be paid or unpaid was put, Capt.Freyer moving and Mr. R. McKee seconding, that those elected should receive no remuneration, and carried without opposition. The meeting then proceeded to THE NOMINATION. The first gentleman proposed was Mr. R. M'Kee, by Mr. Gregory, and seconded by Mr. Wallace. Mr. M'Kee, however, declined un- dertaking the duties ; and Mr. H. Jones pro- posed Mr. Thomas Mason. Messrs. T. Stewart, J. Moxham, J. Armstrong, D.P. Maclean were then formally nominated, seconded, and re- ceived well by the meeting. Mr. Bradshaw next proposed Mr. Hall, when the motion was met with decided disapprobation, and cries of "No. no," and "Turn him out." As the pro- position was not seconded, Mr. Bradshaw's motion fell to the ground. Dr. Wilkins then stepped forward and introduced Mr. G. F. Verdon. The name of this gentleman was very well received, and the nomination was seconded by Mr. Freeman. Messrs. B. Lang- ford, Taverner, Freyer, and La Roche were then proposed, the name of the latter person being received with a torrent of hisses, groans, and other marks of popular dissent. Captain Dalgarno was next nominated, together with Messrs. James Conroy, Knight, and Ruffles. At this stage of the proceedings an elector in the body of the room desired the question to be put to Dr. Wilkins whether he should allow himself to be elected, but the doctor declined, notwithstanding the generally but rather noisily expressed desire that he would stand. He informed the meeting, however, that he had well considered the subject, and had de- termined to use all his influence for younger blood, and naively again Introduced Mr. Ver- don as a gentleman in whom they would find the talent, energy, and tact of an able young man. A Mr. Wallace then attempted to address the assembly, but was received wlth considerable clamor, and on the Chairman putting the question as to whether there was any other candidate, the name of Dr. Hunt was called out by one or two voices, but these were speedily drowned in the general cry of " No, no," and the gentleman was not nomi- nated. The candidates were then called upon to address the meeting, and Mr. MASON was the first to step forward, and congratulated them on the time having arrived when those who had the prosperity of the town at heart would have an opportunity in promoting its interest. He considered that the town would be better served by his taking a part in the Municipal Council than if he had presented himself as a candidate for the Legis atilve. He said it was a duty he owed Williamstown to serve it. He had adopted it as his horne, and he did not intend doing as some had done, as soon as they had made money to leave the place to spend it somewhere else, (Cheers.) With regard to the improvements to be made in the town, he was of opinion that for the present a small tax, together with the money they already had voted, would sup- ply ample means, and he pledged himself to exercise strict economy over the funds placed under the control of the Council, should he be returned. He advocated the necessity of making one good road through to New Town, but he was most decidedly opposed to convict labor. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) The presence of convicts in towns had, he believed, a most demoralising influence, and he hoped the time was not far distant when Williamstown would be considered of greater importance than a convict town. (Cheers.) The speaker then referred to the fact that he had been solicited to sup- port certain gentlemen anxious to secure appointments as surveyor and town clerk, and other offices, but he had declined pledg- ing himself to any of them, and did not in- tend doing so until he knew the individual qualifications of all who were coming for- ward. Mr. Mason added some further gene ral remarks, and was followed by Mr. THOMAS STEWART, who com- menced his address by deploring his want of fluency of speech. Having given his views upon this subject, he said he did not deem it necessary to inform them what course he should pursue with re gard to one question or the other that would be discussed in the Council, but if they thought proper to return him, he would do his best to promote the interests of the town. There were many things to do: they would have to appoint a competent surveyor, pre- paratory to the draining and making of the public streets, and there was one thing he would like soon to see established, and that was a public reading-room. (Cheers.) Mr. MOXHAM, on presenting himself, was well received, and addressed the meeting in a sensible and practical manner. Dr. MACLEAN said he meant to do his duty if they elected him. He would work, and they wanted men to work. As to the money necessary for the improvements of the place, no one would grudge that to improve the town. The natural position of Williams- town gave it many advantages. It had the advantage of a fine harbor, and would soon possess another advantage in having a rail- way for the purpose of carrying goods into the interior of the country. He felt the town must go ahead, and if it did as rapidly as he thought it would, then Melbourne might tremble for its power. (Cheers.) Mr. JOHN ARMSTRONG addressed a few words, thanking those who had supported him, and he assured them that if they did him the honor to return him he would strictly do his duty. (Cheers.) Mr. G. F. VERDON was received with loud cheers. He asked them to permit him to thank them for the courtesy they had shown him on the last occasion when he addressed them. As he was neither a large landowner in Williamstown nor a Croesus, he had no reason to expect they would have received him as favorably as they had done. There was little for him to say after those who had preceded him. They all knew the privileges and advantages of muni- cipal charters, and he instanced the great benefit Emerald Hill had derived from its municipal rights. The improvements neces sary in Williamstown would require money to carry them out. It was the fashion on such occasions as the present to tell the elec tors that great privileges would be conferred on them - such as good roads, athenaeums, parks, and gardens. All this was very well, but it could not be done without money (Hear, hear.) Thousands of pounds had been sunk on the streets of Williamstown, and what streets had they for the money? He advised them to have no patchwork: the things should be done altogether or not at all. If they could not raise the money amongst themselves they must borrow it. ("No," and "Yes, yes") They could not borrow more than three years of their estimated revenue, and he did really thlnk that if money were borrowed for these purposes, the increase in the value of pro perty would more than cover all the interest they would have to pay for the amount bor- rowed. The speaker made some further re marks on the relative position of Williams- town and Sandridge. The former must go ahead, whereas the latter was smothered. (Laughter) It had not a ghost of a chance, and he thought he had got a good deal to windward in coming to Wlliamstown. (Laughter and cheers.) He concluded a very telling address by hoping they might elect him. If they did he would do all in his power, and if they did not send him to the Council he would find something to do for the good of the town out of that body; for he was determined on doing some good for the place. (Cheers.) The meeting was next addressed by Mr, Taverner, Mr. Langford, Mr. Freyer, Mr DaI- garno, Mr. Ruffles, Mr. Knight, and Mr La Roche. The remarks of the latter were Iis- tened to very impatiently. Mr. Conroy de- clined contesting the election, and the cries for Mr. Hall were met with a refusal on the part of that gentleman to come forward. Mr. BROAD moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman; and Captain BURRELL, in responding con- gratulated the meeting on the very orderly manner they had carried out the proceedings. The assembly then separated, the hour of polling being fixed for eight o'clock on the following (yesterday) morning. THE ELECTION Was carried on with considerable spirit, and we are glad to say, with perfect good nature! It was evident to the minds of every one at all acquainted with the different qualifica- tions of the candidates that six out of the seven who were elected would be successful The struggle as to the return of the seventh rested between Dr. Maclean - a new but popu lar resident - and Mr. Taverner, of the Pier Hotel. The defeat of the latter is said to have been occasioned through many of those who promised to support him breaking faith at the last moment, but Mr. Taverner desires us to mention that he is perfectly satisfied at the election of the seven gentlemen who are returned, as they are men of business and integrity in every way. A good deal of in- terest exists as to the election of theTown Clerk, which takes place to-day. Mr. John Rees has been in the field for some time, and as every one who knows him holds him to be a gentleman of integrity, as well as ability, and admirably adapted to the situation, it is pretty clear that the newly-elected Councillors will not fly in the face of their most ardent supporters by placing in the office any other than Mr. Rees. DECLARATION OF THE POLL. At four o'clock yesterday the poll closed, and on the declaration being made, the num- bers were found to be For Stewart .360 " Mason ... .. 351 Armstrong.309 Verdon .290 Maclean .274 Moxham .267 Langford.257 Taverner.167 Ruffle .142 Dalgarno.109 Freyer . 65 La Boche. 43 Knight . 89 The announcement of the names of those elected drew forth shouts of applause, and soon afterwards the several members ad- dressed a large concourse of people who had assembled outside the polling-room. 