POLITICS ON BENDIQO. I To the Editor of the. Bnittigo Advertiser.) 8ir,-^-It must be highly g-ratifyltity to yon, as wel oh to evorp friVml of progress, tQ ihiljk (hat the Bendigonian diggers have discharged their duty to well at tho lfitc elections, The colony at large must now begin to see that tho mining community are not so apathetic as regards their political rights as some of our friends had begun to sup pose. No, Sir, the state of the poll Tor the Loddon shows prolty (.dearly that the men who arcdeserv in<» qf conHilcncj and wqcihy of their sutTrages may rely oij their strong support. Who ha< a hpftpr right to be at the top of tho poll than Dr. Uflren#, tlj" tfipc} frjejn| 'if- progress and free dom—tha man who has fought cur buttles ball) in and out of the Council, on tho platform, and the floor of St. Patrick's Hall—the man who tuld the iVoformitefit tjmt IjC saw Wore him tho old Fosterian dynasty about to becOuio extinct— A rottun, (oftoriuu. corrupt host, iifhictiatly giVo „p (.ho ghost. Who has a tiettef right to oonw in saoatnl than Mr. Syuio?—tho mau who 1ms stood by us with Id? f<!0» #ud baldly «xpo;«<i the b:it» practices • of a yemil Government, X.Verily, Afr.4 .Editor,^ we: have achieved « nobles - Iriumph in returning- throe of the ablest and ii'iost liberal men iti the colony. I my in returning, for do not doubt the final re-! •suit. While Bailaarat . has returned their bnusht tools of Government, lmve wc not good reason to. say with I he Pharisee, " Thank God that we fire not as other men , iire."; .■■Our representatives are' neither, to be bought,; hribed, nor bullied,- us they well know. Nothing' could have j»iveii the Go-, vcrnment greater pleasure, than to see the mover of the To'orak motion, the nominee of Sir Charles, mid that able physician who prescribes Epsom stilts for their coffee, instead of milk, every luorn •insj at breakfast, tjic rejected of Bendigo.- Bur. kind'gentlemen, it must not be so; your days are numbered ,* our voice* are now heard at the bar of the House. Yes, we are n<>w something else than law less inen. We can win your smiles, instead of frowns. Tint we are rather shy. We prefer those wc can rely upon—those men who have borne the burden anil the heat of the day: along with tis when patriots and politicians were; a good deal scarcer than they are now. Yes. Mr. K:iitor, tin poor digtrcr bas'plenty of friends now.' He will .find a. needy 'politician af. any corner ready and willing,to mount n stump on his behalf, and hold forth about this',,that, and the other abuse—ready to sacrifice himself arid, everything that,.belongs to him to forward the .diggers' interest.; all this be cause we are so fortunate as to be electors.now. But it's no go. We have tried our men, and found them true.; therefore we have stuck to them, and whatever other constituencies may liave. done, no man can sny that Old Bendigo has not done its duty. . 'Yours, ; FACTS. 