KOSSUTH'S LECTURES AT GLASGOW ON THE AUSTRIAN CONCORDAT. (Abridged from tie Glasgow Commonwealth, i-lth June.) M.-Kossuth having visited Glasgow, in the month of June, by special invitation, delivered during his stay three lectnres on the Austrian Concordat,-the first, on the 10th of June, in the Trades' Hal!, which will accommodate about 1000 persons. So inconveniently packed, however, was the apartment, , that it was found necessary tj occupy the City Hall for the second and third lectures; and, although that spacious and noble hall can seat with ease and comfort 4000 people.'it was filled with a higlily respectable audience on each peca; sion.-The chur-was taken on the «ucceuivc Mights ? ty'a citisen of note and! influence, andi the platform occupied hythe «ealtb and'intelligence of Glasgow, both lay and elerie«!. We annex »consecutive out- line of tiie three lectures:- 1 < ' ' On Tuesday afternoon, the distinguished patriot and exile delivered the first of a series of .three lectures on r i - ' c j , ., the Concordat between the Pope and the Emperor of Austria. Tho Trades' Hall was completely ni led, a fair proportion of ladies being among the audieriCe On M. Kossuth entering, on tho arm of Henry -Dun- lop, Esq., of Oraigtop, ho was loudly and repeatedly I applauded. ! On the platform and in other narts of the hall we observed Henry Dunlop, Esq., of Craicton . William Campbell. Esq., of TÎllichewca; Robert Blackie, Esq.; Walter Buchanan, Rsq. ; Baillie «?.u,"s * Councillors Couper, M'Adar.i, and Govan ; .JJYuUMnJJovan, sen., Esq. ; Robert "Hutcheson, Esq. j J. W. Macgregor, Esq. ; John Xerr, Esq. ; 3. A. Campbell, Esq. j Dr. M. Hamilton ; James Watson, Esq ; James M'Clellp.nd, Esq. ; A. G. Adam, Esq. 5 Wr G. Langdon, Esqr;- Robert M'Nab, Esq., &c;, ) Rav. Dr. Merle D'Aubigne ; Rev. Drs. Beattie, Robson, and Eadie; Rev. Messrs. M'Gill, M'Coll, Aikrnan, Jeffrey, Beckett, &c.; On the motion of.Robert Hutcheson, Esq., Mr. Dunlop, of Craigton, took the chair. The Chairman said it was very satisfactory to see so large and respectable a meeting assembled on the present occasion to great a distinguished man who had come amongst them, and so highly entitled to their esteem and respect. He had been a great sufferer in a cause which was dear to them-the cause of civil and Religious liberty. (Cheers.) That great movement in Hungary, in which M. Kossuth took so conspicuous a part, was not successful perhaps it was premature ¡ but had it been otherwise and succeeded, he was sure it would have been hailed by the people of this country as a most auspicious event. They had reason to believe the hearts of the people of Hungary were with M. Kossuth in that struggle, for it required all the power of Austria to be put forth, and that was not enough to prevail against it. Tho late war had in some degree cleared the political horizon of Europe. It had checked that arbitrary and aggressive power that held its sway over the northern part of Europe. Might they not hope that better times would arise, and they might yet see their dis- tinguished guest go back to his own country with all those honours to which he was so will entitled ? I (Cheers.) They could not but abhor the cruel and despotic system which had prevailed in Hungary, as well as in Italy, under tho dominion of Austria—they could not forget the cruel treatment their missionaries had received from the Austrian Government. (Hear, hear.) It was some consolation to know that M. Kos suth had commanded tho esteem and respect of the people of this country—that they felt the highest respect for him as a patriot, and that they deeply sympathised with him as an exile. M. Kossuth would now address them on the subject appointed for the present lecture. M. Kossuth then rose to address the meeting, and was received with immense cheering. He said-Mr Chairman, ladies and gentlemen, since this is not my first appearance on a Glasgow platform, I think fit to begin by stating the difference between my present posi- tion and that in which I stood when some two yeirs ago I had the honour of addressing large and distinguished assemblies in your city. In stating this difference I am actuated by the desire of guarding you against dis- appointment and myself against reproach. On tho former occasion I ventured on the task of a political orator ; at present I appear in the character of an Eng- lish lecturer-a noble one, forsooth, for a Hungarian exile. On the former occasion the destinies of Europe were trembling in the balance of Great Britain's determination ¡ a patriot appeared before the people of Glasgow to plead the cause of liberty on the ground of a union between the interests of continental freedom and the public interests of the British Empire. To day tho gloom of disap- pointed hopes hang on the brow of the patriot ; he has hung his harp on the willows overshadowing what once was the fountain of inspiration, until the scorch- ing blast of time-serving expediency has dried it up. To-day it is not the pleading patriot who addresses you, but the man acting the part of the plain, honest labourer-(applause)-whom Providence has blessed with the duties of a father. Welcome and sacred are those duties to a father's heart ; but, sacred as they are, I have always held them second to the duties of the patriot; and, therefore, have I bidden even them to stand back during those years in which occurred an almost providential opportunity, calling on the patriot to do his best to improve on the occasion, and to stand prepared for meeting any emergencies which chance or accident might bring about. (Applause.) But since the prospects of that opportunity have vanished in the mist of baffled ex- pectations, the du'ies of the father step to the fore- ground and claim their right. It is, therefore, in obe dience to the duties of a father that I enter on the career of an English lecturer, meaning to do in that capacity a plain, honest labourer's work. Whether this confession does or does not lower me in your esti- mation I must leave you to decide. (Loud applause.) In my own estimation, ladies and gentlemen, it raises me. (Renewed applause.) When I stood m rank as high as any living man can stand, perhaps higher for it was not the result of a whim of fortune or of ac- cidental acclivity, but of the confidence of a noble nation-I say, without affectation of modesty, I felt no pride. But now I know what it is to have to work for bread for my wife and children - now I begin to be conscious of requiring a little of the labourer's practice. The lustre of circumstances has passed away, stripped of every appearance of external glory. In this lustre- less position, with nothing to elevate but the sense of ' human dignity, I must begin to know something of what was the inspiration of your son of Scotland's genius when he set it down in tho imperishable recorus of his immortal fame - " The rank is but the guinea-stamp, The man's the gowd for a' that." (Great applause.) I may be excused for these expres- sions of my feeling, ladies and gentlemen, because having had all the treasures of my country at my disposal 'in times scarcely admitting of any other control than that of my own discretion and honesty, if it be a matter of some satisfaction to the patriot that he is known -to -have created armies, and managed the affairs of numerous, mighty, and powerful, that he clothed,' warmed, and fed them during all the wants and exigencies of a gigantic war, and all this with on expenditure of only seven and a half millions-a sum which bears a strange contrast to the budgets of some other countries-if he had done all this, "the dethroned man and the patriot may be allowed to feel a little satisfaction likewise at the fact, that having had to take the walking stick of the home- less wanderer, he grasps it ' with his hands clean, though empty, and now he has, through means of the plain honest labourer's work, to provide for the varied wants of his family. ' But I have them still, wife and children,-safe; the all-merciful Eye has watched over them while the tempests of nameless dangers whirled around their heads. ' I have them all safe, and that is more than Paulus Emilius had when he rode in triumph to the Capitol. (Applause.} In my private capacity I have one little ambition, I own, and that is, the ambition of maintaining an honourable independence by my own honourable exertions. Invited by a numerously signed requi- sition to deliver lectures in this city on the effects likely to be produced on the liberties of central Europe by the late Austrian Concordat, I must beg leave, in these lectures, to take a somewhat wider range, because I hold this Concordat to be a link, and certainly an important one, in the chain of mischiev- ous conspiracy against the liberties of mankind, against human interests, against progress, Christi- anity, civilization, and especially Protestantism. Your celebrated historian, Robertson, very justly ascribes that to bo its whole spirit and tendency. Since the Concordat is but a link in such a con- spiracy, its effects cannot be restricted to one or another particular locality. It is joined to the des- tiny of nations. We have one Father in heaven we are one family on earth, bound together by ties so numerous, so various, and so interwoven, that neither power, nor institutions, nor geographical posi- tions, can isolate the interests of any one nation so that it shall' not be affected by the condition of others comprised within the same pole of civilization—not even the proudest and most powerful ean escape the influence of this solidarity. Great Britain has just afforded a most remarkable illustration of this princi- ple. There is nothing more certain than that the wishes and aspirations of the people throughout Great Britain were all in the right direction during tho last war. They were sincerely desirous of having that war so conducted that it might turn out to the practical advantage of freedom on tho continent. (Applause.) It has now been seen that the policy of the British empire was regulated on different considerations : I could almost say it resisted the uplifted arm of the oppressed, and stepped between them and the providen- tial opportunity. M. Kossuth then proceeded to de- scribe the danger in which British liberty stood, isolated though it was, like an oasis in the midst of a desert of despotism. He compared our institu- tions to the cheerful fire which burnt in our domestic abodes, which administered comfort and 'genial warmth to the inmates of those houses while they re- mained inside, but which could not shield them' from the chilling cold when their relations with the world outside called them away from. it. Our foreign rela- tions, he said, would inevitably have their influence at home. Would to God that conscientious convictions regarding this principle of solidarity, were more widely diffused ! Would to God that those who had a free- dom to preserve, would consider their their interest was common with those who had a freedom to combat for ! Upon this principle rested the bright hopes for the future of Humanity. Being, therefore, deeply imbued with tho Conviction that the subject upon which he had to treat was general in its application, ho begged leave not to restrict his observations to any narrow scale. -M. Kossuth then proceeded to the subject of his lectures-the Austrian Concordat. This concordat ho considered as one link in a chain of conspiracies against human liberty. There was a community in the destinies of nations. Freedom and intellect were a common good, and every speck on the orb of its sun made the whole lustre feebler for all. Not the most powerful could escape the influence of this reality. If it did not directly affect the domestic, interests, certainly it would' the foreign concerns, and these would have their influence on the internal concerns as surely as the condition of tho state had an influence on the family and the individual. Concordats had never been adopted except it was found that the concordat was better than the previous condition of the nation, through the supremacy of Romanism. Hungary and Scotland were, he believed, the only two nations that had never allowed the Popes to meddle with their na- tional concerns. England had not been so fortunate, and in her laws were several- clauses , which the Ro- mish Church saw were only concordats. Though England by throwing off this supremacy, had under- gone the maledictions of the Popes, still she was in very good health, and would continue so unless she neglected to note, like her sailors, tho smallest speck on the horizon, and allowed despotism to gain ground. Tho thunders of the Vatican would be -very harmless toys, unless combined with political despotism ; but, if so combined would be thunderbolts indeed. It was not about religion that the Church of Rome cared, but the "penny of St. Peter"—power and su- premacy over tho world. He considered the domain of religion as beginning where human reason left off— a domain with which human authority had nothing to do. And religion was one thing, and papal supremacy and priestcraft another. He raised his voice against the Concordat because the Concordat had absolutely nothing to do with religion. He spoke against it as a tool of papacy, towards absolute supremacy, and the subversion of all civil laws,and all private and public rights. Now the parties to this concordat were Pius IX. and Francis Joseph of Austria. It was strange these two men should have been reserved to do such an act, and that he (M. Kossuth) should stand there to comment on it. Had he not been an exile we would never have heard of this Concordat. (Cheers.) In his time he had had a little to do with the Hapsburgs. For a moment he had held in his hand their crown and their line. It was not equally generally known that he had had something to do with Pio Nono. For some time he had the reputation of a liberal man, but now his government was tho most corrupt and tyran- nical that corruption and tyranny could devise. The other party, Francis Joseph, had sacrificed his own morality and the dignity of his subjects, by every crime, wholesale, only for the purpose of arriving at arbitrary dominion and lineal despotism. How happened a man so ambitious of despotic power to have resigned his power to so weak and irresolute a man as Pió Nono ? And why should such a weak man have arrived at what none of his predecessors had at- tained? One thing there was in Papacy never changing, and another always changing. The first, ambition and despotism, and the second, tactics and strategy. Social, civil, and religious liberty are one, as are Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ; and despotism has had to change its tactics to suit the circumstances of their antagonism. The States of Continental Europe present a sort of mutual insurance company against tho liber- ties of mankind. He cited the Holy Alliance, the treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle, and others, as similar links in the chain of despotic ambition. Let Romans be left free to exercise the right of every nation to regulate its form of Government, and let the Pope be divested of his temporal supremacy, and he was the Great Babylon no more. Italy was the ghost of Banquo, which drove joy from the table, and sleep from the pillow. They tried tho guillotine, the gibbet, the dungeon, and the bullet, and still the ghost of Banquo would rise. They had now only one resource to try the strychnine of infinitessimal diplo- macy. (Laughter.) Let not the people of Britain allow themselves to be taken unawares. History was the natural concatenation of cause and effect. What would Great Britain do ? Isolation was impossible. Indifference was out of the question. Great Britain's diplomacy would be thrown into the balance for or against intervention. It would be gross ingratitude in him to say that the feelings of the British "people were not all for liberty. "When the people of an English town turned out to do him honour, he asked them what they honoured in him an unfortunate exile? "Liberty," answered a workman in the crowd. And' so, he believed, thought the British people every where. The enemies of every despot on the earth, they hated none of them more than the Pope, and quite deservedly so. In 1848 the Pope was restored to his sovereignty by the intervention of French arms ; but many present would be astonished that this 'inter- vention would not have taken place had not Protes- tant Great Britain expressed their approbation of the restoration of the Pope. (Sensation.) An English- man, writing in the Journal de Commerce, stated that the restoration of the Pope was the work of the great Protestant powers in Europe, who were jealous of the destruction of the monarchical principle. He read from the blue books documents declaring that the British Government approvod of his restoration. The same thing might occur again. The Pope might be a fugitive again, and France and Austria would interfere again. What would Piotcstant Great Britain do ? Would she again declare herself anxious about the restoration of the Pope ? He could not disguise his feelings that monarchical predilections and Sardinian ideas of chivalry might again blast the efforts of free- dom. The nationality of Italians was identified with mankind's recollections. Europe and America must be deluged, without leaving a Noah to tell the past, before the recollection of Italy could be forgotten. Could the annexation of Genoa be hushed up by a little sop of constitutional freedom ? Some said Italy was a mere geographical name. Well, the Italians wished it to be a reality. They had a history, and what a history! (Applause.) They had a right to Italy. It was their own. If we blamed them for this, do not say Scotland for the Scotch, and Britain ¡for the British. Well, if they were to have this, they required unity, and freedom from foreign dominion. Constitu- tional Government was nothing without independence. Piedmont had a constitutional Government, but was not independent. Austria held back from the war on the ground of dreading an invasion from Piedmont, and Piedmont was compelled to three alternatives either to join in the late war, to accept an Austrian gar- rison into her chief fortress, or to reduce her army to an informidable fraction. It was monstrous that the Romans should be eternally doomed td be ruled by a priest, elected by priests', and with priests for his proconsuls, all of whom had no human tie with the nation. The rescue of Catholicity from Austria and from the Pope was the foremost political question in Europe at present. And the nationalities would rise, and France and Austria would again inter ferp, and he was sorry to say, Britain would again in- terfere, and the Holy See might thus gain a footing which might, by and by, enable it to challenge the battle which it long had in view. Protestantism might lose the battle, or, if it won it, it would beat tho expense of torrents of blood. Therefore, he said, let the people of Rome be allowed to declare its own freedom, and thus the concordat would be mere waste paper. When last in Glasgow, he had said something regarding the future. He made some predictions which not only here, but in the House of Commons, were said to read like the predictions of a seer. Those words had been spoken in vain, and these words of his that day might again have been spoken in vain. For- merly it was a proverb that nobody could be a prophet in his own country. Here it should be said that no- body could be a prophet out of his own country. This ambition he never had, but one ambition he had -a plain and honest sincerity. He had scattered his words in honest sincerity. If none of them deserved to survive, let them perish in the burning sun of ob- livion ; but if one deserved to survive, mind not the humble speaker, but pray that the truth be blessed by Him who blessed the solitary grain that fell from the bill of the wandering bird. (Prolonged acclamations.) M. Kossuth began his second lecture by saying it was now nearly rive years that homeless, but safe under the protection of British law, the Hungarian exile had watched, in his lingering sorrows, for the hour of resurrection. During these five years he had occasionally addressed meetings, but he trusted that he had by no means shown himself unbecomingly, ob- trusive, for he had at no time appeared in public ex- cept on invitation. In his lecture on Tuesday he had explained, the political origin and political bearing of the Concordat, which he characterised as a mischie- vous compound ; a link in the chain of conspiracy which was directed against the best interests of hu- manity. He intendedthis evening to point put twine of the special means by which the Concordat was in- tended to work, and to state his anticipations of the probable results. The lecturer referred principally to the i elation which the Concordat would bear to Hun- gary, and its probable result to that country. The ' Pope must needs choose a champion, and he ,must either choose the Emperor of France or the Emperor of Austria. He had chosen the latter. There were ' two considerations which influenced him in his choice -the personal qualifications of Francis Joseph, and the suitable nature of his dominions. He was a worthy representative of the imperial stock of Austria, which had been characterised at all times by tyranny and ambition. Francis Joseph had deprived the Hungarians of their self-government, and Austria was a promising field for the Pope to work on I by confessors. Desirous to secure his throne agaitlst the spirit of insubordination, and to bring, back his subjects to obedience, tho Emperor of Austria had ap plied to the Holy Mother Church, to support his injus tice, perjury, murder, and all other crimes. The lec turer went on at some length to point out a number of similarities-between Scotland- and Hungary. They had laws of Mortmain, forbidding the Church to ac quire land. There was no Catholic country in which the ambitious See of Rome had less power, and many Protestant countries in which it had more, than in the eastern portion of the Austrian dominions. All Hungary, Protestant and Catholic alike, did good work in dogging the wheels of Papal ambition ; and they numbered many ministers who had died for the sake of tho Protestant religion. Civil and sacred rights stood always highest ,in the estimation of the Magyar. Bishops, monks, and priests, were all in favour of nationality. The struggle for American independence was mere child's play, and the war now finished a skirmish, compared with tho French Revolution of 1848\. The Catholic clergy of Hungary had shown a spirit of independence in opposition to popes as well as kings. It was impressed on the mind of the hatton that religion was one thing, and private submission to papal authority another. Tho Pope at one time had excommunicated Hungary, and the Hungarian clergy had met and excom municated him in return. He asserted for his nation the highest claim to the gratitude of Christian Europe. It had been of immense importance that in the tenth century Hungary had embraced the Catholic instead of the Greek Church, to which it was contiguous. The Hungarian Catholic Church by dogging the wheels of Papal ambition, and protecting Western Europe from the Sultans and Islamism, enabled Luther and Calvin to carry out the Reformation. To understand the danger arising from the Concordat, he would mention that it was not Hungary alone which would suffer. They would soon see Concordats spring up like mush- rooms in Germany and Italy ; and in France Buona parte had declared openly, that the first-born son of the Church was bound to protect the Pope in his spiritual and temporal supremacy. The celibacy of the Roman Catholic clergy was tho corner stone of pontifical power. The clergy of Hungary had been long in submitting to this dogma, and even in the 16th century there was a Roman Catholic bishop who was at the same time a married man. The clergy went to battle like other citizens. The two archbishops, and seven bishops, out of twelve, on one occasion died in ono battle, fighting sword in hand for their country. Hungary appeared doomed to suffer all which king- craft and priestcraft could devise, and to be degraded to a mere Austrian province by the Concordat; it was doomed besides to suffer the utter annihilation of the civil form of society. Hungary, like Scotland, had had laws to prevent the clergy going to Rome for benefices. It was injurious to the civil structure of a country to place its civil and ecclesiastical interests under foreign authority. He (Kossuth) belonged to those who said that the State should not interfere with religion, but his opinion also was that neither should the Church interfere with the State. M. Kossuth went on to speak of the probable results of the giving over of his unfortunate country to the merciless ambition of the Pope of Rome. There were two alternatives. The fact was that a happy change of circumstances may offer a favourable opportunity to Hungary to assert her independence. He did not think it would soon get accustomed to the new order of things. The mothers would long be sufficient to counterbalance its influence. The teaching of national history had been proscribed in the schools—but it would be taught by tradition. In an emergency he was inclined to think that the Concordat might prove an instrument for good, under the dispensation of Providence. The second al- ternative, allowing the Concordat time for propelling all its machinery, the next generation would see Hungary sunk, and freedom and religious liberty would suffer. He concluded by saying that unless there was a great change in the foreign policy of Britain, he thought she would throw the weight of her position into the balance with foreign spiritual and temporal despotism. M. Kossuth retured amid gene- ral cheering. [The lecturer was suffering from severe indisposition and was evidently doing more than his strength allowed; but nevertheless, he spoke with his usual energy.] On coming forward to deliver his third lecture, M. Kossuth was greeted with an enthusiastic burst of ap- plause. Ho commenced by saying that the darling bard of Scotland, in prophetically unfolding the future, warbled— It's comin' yet an' a' that That man to man the world o'er Shall brithers be an' a' that. There were so many points of resemblance in the character and history of Hungary and Scotland that ho could almost believe they were twins. When he conversed with Scotchmen, he always heard some- thing which reminded him Of his own countrymen. In reading Burns, he found something in his strains which recalled to his recollection something which he had heard and felt in his own country. The more he know of Scotchmen the more he loved and honoured, them. Love and kindly feelings should be cultivated between the people of Biitain and tho nations of tho Continent. Tho nations of the continent had some reason to be disappointed with the part played by Britain in the late struggle. It would be unfortunate that such a feeling should spread. Emperors and kings were temporary institutions ; nations were last- ing. It was not good to build one's house on the sand. The people of this country were not altogether satisfied with the result of the late war. In his late peregrinations he had had opportunities of observing the popular feeling in 'many localities, and nowhere had he observed a warm expression of feeling on the issue of hostilities. He said in all honesty and sincerity, that justice ought to be done to the sentiments of the British people as distinguished from the language and conduct of their diplomatists. At the same time he would say that the people ought to take a greater part in their own political affairs. M. Kossuth then proceeded to give an account of Protestantism in Hungary from about the period when the Hapsburgs assumed the crown of that country. When religious liberty was unknown in other countries, it was acknowledged and acted upon in Hungary. When the Hapsburgs were firmly seated on the throne, they commenced their attacks on the civil and religious liberty of the people, in a spirit which would continue so long as the dynasty of the Hapsburgs remained. The Churches and schools of Protestants were confiscated and handed over to the Roman Catholics. A bloody persecution ensued. Whole communities fled to the forests, where they could worship God according to their consciences, from the bloody house of Austria. Five times the Hungarians arose in defence of their liberties, and never laid down their arms till they were successful. Numerous treaties were the result ; all of them were formally ratified and solemnly sworn to ; but tho kings of the house of Hapsburg only swore an oath to break it. Woe to the day when Hungary first trusted to the honour of the Hapsburgs. The rights of the Hungarian people did not stand on flimsy concessions, but on solemn treaties and laws, and without the acceptance of such cove- nants the House of Rapsburg would not have been allowed to ascend the throne. Twelve Par- liaments had assembled from 1791 to 1847, and not one of them but had to struggle in defence of the Pro- testant liberties. For those liberties they were greatly indebted to their Roman Catholic brethren, for no country on earth was "more tolerant of religious opi- nions. With Hungarians differences in religion never interfered with political or domestic relations. The Hungarian forms his estimate of the man not from his creed but from his morals and patriotism. Roman Catholics attached to their religion had fought, bled,' and died for the religious freedom of their country. The Catholics carried the-fundamental law of 1791 in favour of their Protestant brethren; and since then the Catholics had been loft the post of .honour in. fighting the battle of Protestant liberty. In order to show what Francis Joseph was doing, M. Kossuth said he would explain what had been the state of Pro- testantism in Hungary, and, it seemed, from his des- cription, to closely resemble the Presbyterian system of Scotland. Though depending entirely on volun- tary contributions, the "Protestant religion was in a prosperous condition, and such was the state of educa- tion among them, that Catholic parents took Protes- tant students to educate their children, a remarkable proof of the spirt of toleration which prevailed in Hun- gary.. M. Kossuth then proceeded to recount the per- secutions endured by~the Protestants under Francis Joseph. Austria arrogated the government of public instruction, and all instruction in the history of Hungary was proscribed in the schools. The Pro- testant schools were greatly reduced in number. By the Concordat the sword of Popish bigotry had been raised over Protestant Hungary. By the ninth article of the Concordat the Catholic Church was authorised to point out the books considered dangerous, and the Governfmént was bound to prevent 'their circulation. The works of Schiller had been prohibited, and, by the 'Council of Trent,' the decrees of which were in force, the Bible was prohibited in the vernacular lan- guage, unless approved by the Holy See. He did not wonder at the prohibition of the Bible, as nothing was more hostile to the pretensions of priestcraft. The sixteenth article enforced respect to the Roman Catholic priesthood, and prohibited all that was likely to bring the Catholic Church into contempt. That article was aimed at the Protestants, whose worship was considered by the priests as a contempt of the Church. Having referred to equally objectionable matters in the Concordat, M. Kossuth earnestly im- plored the audience, as Scotchmen, that if they valued--their religion, if-they valued their liberties, to bestow more attention on the subject. It admitted of no doubt that a great-plan of aggression had been devised, at Rome against Protestantism. It was a Protestant concern of the greatest importance that Protestantism in Hun- gary should not be destroyed. Protestantism on the Continent was a subject of vital interest to the people of Great Britain. They were an object of hatred to every despot upon earth, because they were a free nation, and, what was worse, a Protestant nation. Great as was the freedom, great as were the privileges enjoyed, on emergencies the thread of freedom was found to be so thin that it required the fingers of an aristocrat to feel it. He was about to say a bold word, but he owed it to God and his conscience, to say it, that the world wanted a new Luther ; reformation wanted reform. Protestants till now had acted on the principle of division, and division was weakness. In- stead of acting together in what they were agreed, they had separated on what they differed. He did not speak of the Protestantism of Scotland alone, but of the Protestantism of the world. On the Continent Protestantism had not identified itself with the prac- tical improvement of the people ; hence its weakness. He wished he could hope that his lecture would awaken some thoughts for civil and religious liberty, and especially for Protestantism. Nothing should be done to insult the religious convictions of the Catholic people of Europe, for religion was one thing, and priestly intolerance another. He declared that Bri- tain would take up an independent position in favour of the nations. In concluding his lectures, M. Kossuth thanked his auditors both for their forbearance and their liberality, and took leave of them with the hope that, though on account of sickness he might not have come up to their expsctations, he had not forfeited the share he had in their regards. M. Kossuth was frequently greeted with marks of approbation in the course of his lecture, and on sitting down the ap- plause was loud, long, and enthusiastic. Mr. Langdon begged to propose a _ vote of thanks to if. Kossuth for the delivery of his able and in- teresting lectures. Mr. David Smith said they all owed a deep debt of gratitudo to M, Kossuth for his ad- mirable lectures, and he hoped that some of his sug- gestions would not be lost sight of. The remarks made that night might convince them of the danger of allowing governments to interfere with the self-govern- ment of the people ; and, above all, no governmental interference should be allowed in a matter so im- portant as education. He believed that if the British Government would issue a manly remonstrance, it would have great weight in restraining the excesses of which their illustrious guest complained. (Applause.) Mr. Smith seconded the motion, which was unani- mously and heartily agreed to. The Rev. Dr. Smyth, in moving a vote of thanks to the chairman, expressed his high satisfaction in listen- ing to their very able, and eloquent, and distinguished friend, Louis Kossuth. He could say with perfect sincerity that he had scarcely ever listened to the ex- pression of more noble and dignified sentiments from any man. He hoped that himself and his brethren in the ministry would profit by some of the remarks which had been made. M. Kossuth seconded the motion, which was ap- proved of, and the meeting broke np. 