MINING INTELLIGENCE. (From the Bendigo Advertiser.) Tuesday, 4th March. It would appear that beyond the settlement of partnership disputes tho labors of tho ;Local Court aro limited to a narrow compass, i.e., if I mayjudge from tlio numerous complaints I hear of its want of power, by miners who most unsatisfactorily go to it, for tho pur pose of redress, or even for tho purpose of having the rules of the Courtitsolf carricd into effect, laying asido - the individuality of cases, to make 110 specific charge, in which I might find tho usual difficulty in substan tiating fail, who have como under my notice. I may mention ono which has lately been brought before the public, viz_, Hill v. 1 ullcr, — in this case uoicncinnt acknowledged having jumped complainant's claim with out (according to rule) having obtained the authority fof the 'Warden to do so, and is fined £1 and somo costs ar so doing, the claim to be given up .to him. Now., as I am informed the complainant Hill had not left his claim forty-eight hours when it was jumped, and he re lied on two things for a* verdict — first, that the Local Court would be particular in enquiring into tho reasons induciug complainant to 'jump' tho claim, and that, the time and manner of so doing would also bo 'jo required to havo been in accordance with tho regula tions of the Local Court, Sunday, in the eye of tho law of course being nulla dies, but a verdict was given for plaintiff ; defendant fined £1 and costs, and the claim admitted by him to have been illegally jumped given to the defendant thrown into tho bargain. Of courso there may bo different feelings on this one case, and tho Court may havo sson it under a vory different aspect from what those who live on tlie spot did and do, but at all events a great diversity of opinion as to tho result of the investigation before Court exits between tho two places. It is said this decision was made by a Sub Warden before tho Court heard tho case, and that tho Court could not alter or inquiro into his decision. I am also constantly told that tho regulations for puddling and crushing machines are not carried out. Certainly as far as tho latter are concerned this is tho easo. Ac cording to the rules, weighing machines, fencing and watching wero to bo attended to, and beyond the latter those are seldom carried out. ? At Epsom I notice fresh arrivals still coming in, the very first glance at the lower part of the rush shows that the usual war, diggers v. trees, is being carried on with much vigor, and oven while you contemplate tho wreck tlioy will soon make of tho smiling face of nature 'crash' goes another fort 'or, down in the midst of his days of pride. In tho Frenchman's Paddock only a lino of holes have been found worth working, and ono of them has only as yet turned out three-quarters of a pennyweight to the tub ; but I am of opinion that if instead of washing, crushing woro employed, it would bo found to pay well. Below this tho rush, with the exception of somo holes being sunk, is bearing westerly very sharply. A quarter of a inile below tho late rush about 100 men are at work, and entertain great hopes of their ultimate success. It is believed that tho sinking here will not he less than 80 feet. Our deep sinking on Bendigo is as yet certainly eortainly quite unknown. Tako a radius of six miles beyond Epsom and you will find some very nico look ing gullies nnd good looking flats, 'which owing to the 'depth of tho sinking havo never been tried. Nothing more than the leap- frog business of taking a claim in front of tho last sinker, which, when ono calls to mind old days of quiet rushes (which then took a little moro looking after to find than now) in the rank underwood of our gullies and hills is but a vory ghost of tho over to-be-remombered, never-to-be-forgc-tten days when at the golden chime of tho prospecting pan so musi cally produced by tho rat-tat of tho cradling stick, now nearly obsolete, tlioy used to cluster on the green sward and mark and peg tho ground which in a few hours after was sunk on, and a few days after by report worked out. ' Tho digger is fast assuming a moro mechanical mode of life, less buoyancy of spirit, loss speculation, aye and less intensity of purpose mark his character. Many of the pioneers of these gold-fields have gone with their accumulated treasures, and so long toiled in the old workings that they caro not to bestir themselves beyond their neighbors for tho purpose cvon of prospecting. Messrs. Husslcrand Co.'s steam puddling machinery, in Maiden Gully, Whito Hills, is now fast approaching completion. - In about ten days they expect to com mence operations, by puddling the dirt they havo lately been raising in sinking tho beds for tho boiler, and engine, force pump, &c.; Tho machinery is good and well sot, nnd ovory applianco for economy and utility have been brought to bear on it, at tho samo time there will, no doubt, bo found many improvements which, in putting up another machine of the same kind, would bo adopted. Once started, those enterprising gontlomen intend to work day and night, and they say half a pennyweight to tho ton of dirt will pay them. Many are anxious to seo tho result of this specula tion, and there is ovory certainty that in a vory short time others will follow. I have hoard of ono gentle man, now engaged in quartz-crushing, who is looking out for a suitable position for similar works. Messrs I-Iusslor and Co. will, I am informed, omploy about 40 men, and they aro not paying any at tho pre sent time less than £4 per week. At tho Eagleliawk Flat tlio population has latterly increased. Some heavy gold has boon raised, and most are doing pretty well. The quartz reef at Jackass Flat is still not fit to bo worked without machinery; indeed, many havo loft it altogether owing to tho water. Some say it is tho result of a spring, while others seem of opinion that it conics from the surface, through the gravel. However this may bo, mako3 littlo difference to tho poor miners, who aro obliged to abandon their claims. It is fortu nate that such a providential provision exists as tho intermixture of tho easy and' difficult gold workings on Bendigo. The district beyond Eagleliawk and Sydney Flat, whieli may be designated tho Wliipstick' neighborhood, consisting of a number of small gullies, branching into flats, begins to show more signs of vitality than it lias done for somo time past. Several puddling machines havo been steadily at work during the whole summer, hut latterly a mining population has been steadily set tling down— scattered, yet large for the district. One of those gullies — tho Wellington — has for the last few days been paying vory well : tho gold goc is of a coarse description, but in quality vory clean, I think a good deal of surfacing is yet to be found in this part, as well as some good sinking. Messrs Young and Co.'s crushing machino has again commenced work. The now rollers work excellently, and crush tlio quartz very evenly. This is as it should bo; for , admitting tho difficulty in getting a convex and concave to work in tho small compass occupied in tho revolution of those wheels must be allowed by all, moro especially whon tho ono has to be mado to fit tlio other at a distance of one hundred miles, and it not unfre quently happens that, owing to a roughness on tho edges, an uneven pressuro is for a time the result ; but, as I have before said, ono of tho firm having superin tended the manufacture of those wheels, they aro no sooner iu than work proceeds as glibly as if thoy had been weeks at it. 