AUSTRALIAN DOUBLES. ALTHOUGH we have already given one specimen from the prose writings of T. B. Camaulay, we feel it unnecessary to apologise for printing the subjoined extract from his great poetical work, "The Lays of Ancient Melbourne." THE PROPHECY OF THE BLACK FELLOW. Now drunk is Jacky Jacky, Of Kidneyfatte's great line, Who reigned by Yarra Yarra, Ere Batman crossed the brine; Drunk is the Chieftain Tommy, And drunk his faithful gin— On those who brought the rum that wrought Their ruin, rest the sin. In Yarra's stream no fisher His net to-day is flinging, On the white bark of Yarra's gums To-day no axe is ringing; The spear against the gunyah Leans still and idly now, To-day the waddy fails to fall Upon the virgin's brow. And all the sturdy settlers, Their cleanest jumpers don, And the face and hands to-day are washed Of hardy Pascoe John; And every slab-hut's door- post, With flags this hour is gay, For this day the town is founded;— MELBOURNE is named this day. Though doomed by colonial office, Though bound as Sydney's thrall, Though touched by convict influence. She shall triumph over all; Though the curse as yet rests on her, Of office and of crime, Survive she must, their deadliest thrust, And take her place in time. Blithe it was to see the pair— Batman and Pascoe John, Their rivalry concealing, Their sweetest smiles put on, Winding among the gum trees, That fringe the river's brink, To found great Melbourne's city— And sing, and feast, and drink. Upon the left goes Batman, Upon the right goes John, Their friendliest looks exchanging, Their cleanest blue shirts on; And with them march a muster Of high and low degree, The founding of great Melbourne's town, This happy day to see. * * * * So they marched beside the swamp, And up to Batman's Hill; Till they were aware of an old man there, Who was sitting alone and still. His skin was black as ebony, His wool was white as snow; His eyes were both of them sightless quite, And both had long been so. For one had been poked in with a spear, And one knocked out with a blow. But as the two came near him— Batman and Pascoe John--, He turned his aged face about, And his looks were sad and wan. And he bade them stay a minute, While a few short words he said. So they both of them stood still, wondering What had got in the old man's head: Then with a voice half scream half croak, A prophecy the old man spoke. "What for you no good whitefellows You, all about, sit down And build 'em big one gunyahs, And call 'em Melbourne town. No more 'em poor blackfellows, 'Em 'possum here may catch, You drive away 'em kangaroo. Me wish you at old scratch." Amazement sat on Batman's face, Aghast stood Pascoe John; For quickly warming in his choler, This black prophetic son Of Austral soil, poured forth a speech— Without a single broken word— . In English, such as those that heard, Could never hope to reach. "Though blind mine eyes, and sightless, My spirit once more sees, The grassy hills about me, The water and the trees. I see the flowing Yarra, I see the sandy shore— And the waves that play in the deep blue bay, —All this I see, and more. But lo a change is coming, And through the mist of years, I see vast buildings rising, The gum-tree disappears. The bay with ships is crowded, The land with people teems— With hurrying feet they fill the street, And pour along in streams. Where kangaroos now pasture, Where wallabies now throng, On iron roads the flying loads Are swiftly borne along;— Where yet in utter solitude The wary emu stalks, The conquering white man, with his herds, In safe possession walks. With wondrous tools the stately trees Are felled, and cut, and riven, To fence about the land from out Of which my race is driven. With swift decay they die away— Our soil is bought and sold; But slender claims are ours to set Against your love of gold. Ah, strangest of all scenes that now In spirit I behold, A scrambling multitude contends For little lumps of gold. I see a piece that in my youth, While hunting once I found, I lifted it and looked at it, And threw it on the ground. I see a white man pick it up, With wild delight he cries, That he is happy now for aye, With such a wondrous prize. Behind a tree another stands; I see a gleaming knife— The finding of the yellow lump Has cost the finder's life. But where the yellow lump was found, In swarms the white men come;— Some come to trade, some come to toil, To cheat and plunder some; Wherever gold, in lumps or grain, Is even thought to be, In crowding thousands white men rush With eager rivalry. More ships come sweeping o'er the sea— More houses rise on shore; More land is ploughed, and fenced, and sown, My race subsides the more. The ghost of my long darkened eyes, Is dizzy with the sight; I see white men on every side, My race has vanished quite." While thus he spoke, the blind old man Fell flat upon the ground; And Pascoe John, and Batman too, Upon their heels turned round: They heard a distant shout arise, And leaving (as he sunk) The white-wooled chief, they joined the throng, And every one got drunk. 