KYNETON. (From our own correspondent.) 16th January, 1859. The meetings connected with thcCjjKJactiou of the Rev. G. C. Morrison as pastor the Independent Church, claim here the piece dence over other matters for this week's letter. Mr. Morrison succeeds the Rev. Robert Anderson, who died a short time ago, greatly regretted , and whose funeral was attended by one of the largest processions that has yet been seen in this part of the colony. On the evening of Tuesday, the 8th inst. the first meeting was held, when the Rev. Mr.' Poore, president of the Congregational Union of Victoria, preached an excellent introduce tory sermon. On Wednesday afternoon the recognition services took place, when the Rev. Mr. Fletcher, St. Kilda, addressed a most appropriate and impressive charge to the pastor. The Rev. Messrs. Odell, Melbourne; Moss, Prahran; Pittman, Forest Creek; and Poore, conducting the other parts of the proceedings. In the evening a soiree was held in the church, which was crowded to the very porch by a most respectable audience ; who, after an excellent tea, had a rare intellectual treat afforded them by the undermentioned gentlemen, who, by undertaking so long a journey in wet weather and over bad roads showed the good will they bear to their lately arrived fellow-laborer, and their earnestness in the cause they have espoused. The Rev. Mr. FLETCHER was called to the chair, and delivered an address to the church and congregation on the occasion of the recognition of the Rev. Mr. Morrison as pastor, in the most affectionate and feeling manner, pointing out the peculiar responsibilities of' church members, and the great results for good that attend the co-operation of pastor and people. The Rev. Mr. Clubs was next presented to the meeting, and said he wished some of the Melbourne people had been there that day. It would have dispelled the erroneous idea they had that Kyneton was only an outlandish place up in the bush. He had visited it years ago, and the view that presented itself as he approached it to day was a strong contrast to what he saw from the same spot on his first visit. Then there were only a few scattered houses. Now a well peopled, cheerful-looking district, with much to induce one to localise in it. He then narrated some beautiful to sits in the character of the late Mr. Anderson, with whom he had been a fellow-passenger to Australia, paying a most cordial and appropriate tribute to his-, usefulness and consistency. The Rev. Mi.PITTMANmade some excellent remarks on the characteristics of the true Christian, showing especially the nece fitly there was for such showing their love to their Master by their bearing and love to one another. The Rev. Mr MOSS, after a few congratulatory remarks, proceeded to show the true character which a gospel church should exhibit and sustain towards the world, referring in particular to sabbath school teaching as on of the chief agencies for elevating and chris- realising society. He said this land was vast and its resources boundless, but if religion was to prevail among the ghosts of its population, of what avail would enlarged temporal blessings be to a wicked and sensual people i and pleaded the necessity for planting in the minds of the young a holy reverence for religion and virtue, that their affections might thus be early taught to twine around the Cross The Rev. Mr. NEWTON (of the Wesleyan church here next addressed a few words to the meeting, expressive of the pleasure he had in sharing in the proceedings of the evening, and of the cordial feelings that he entertained towards the friends and brethren present. The Rev. Mr. MORRISON was then called upon to offer a few remarks. He said that he expected to have enjoyed the proceedings of this interesting evening at a mere listener, but, being called upon by his dear and venerated friend in the chair, he could not refuse to comply with his request. After referring to the gratification he felt at the presence at his induction of Messrs. Fletcher and Poore, to join whom he had come to this colony, and of the other ministers, with whom he expected to form an intimate friendship, he adverted to the work he was entering on in conjunction with them, and expressed his conviction that by employ- ing all their energies in God's work, they would not be encroaching on other sections of the church, but filling up the place assigned them by God in the religious history of this great country. The Rev Mr POORE gave a valued, lively, I and entertaining address, listened to with unmistakable signs of pleasure, and The CHAIRMAN, in his concluding address, among other things said that he had journeyed a good deal in other lands, and seen many) specimens of bad roads, but he thought the journey between Melbourne and Kyneton decidedly the roughest and most desperate he had ever experienced but they had been amply repaid by their pleasant visit and he really thought that the present was one of the most delightful meetings he had ever been privileged to attend After the usual votes of thinks the most ing dispersed every one being evidently highly gratified with the whole proceedings The weather is fine again, and farmers only, but a very short of hands 