TO HENRY SAMUEL CHAPMAN', ES3. [ j'cr javor oj me Jigcj £-ni, — As an elector ot the important constituency ot South Bourke, which is as yet unsupplied with an Anti State-aid candidate, and well knowing your brilliant talents nnd extensivo knowledge of colonial afTairs, I think, it would, bo utterly imposiible for this consti tuency to ptoeure a more suitable representative. Yours, most obediently, SOUTH BOURKE. . P.S. — An early answer a3 to whether you would accept a requisition will much oblige. The Haunter House.— Miss P ? -'s pillow was dragged from under her head one morning at day-break, and-. sho was found in about an hour afterwards by a servant in a swoon, and tlie pillow in the middle of the floor. On an other occasion she was severely pinched in tlie arm, insomuch that tlie mark remained for a con sider, ablc_ time. One evening when tlie ghost was'partieularly troublesome she was following the noise with a lighted candle, when it was sud denly extinguished, she heard distinctly the breath by /which it had been blown out. My aunt's third child, from his birth, was marked out for annoyance, and the mother was at length obliged to take the baby to sleep with her, a-s whenever he was left in liis cradle, they hoard a rush to it, and something like an effort to drag the child away, or smother him where he lay, or, as was sometimes the ease, the ghost appeared to have flung itself into tlie cradle, and at such times the baby cried in the most pi teous manner. This child, when able to speak, constantly declared that hesawa blackmail with red eyes : — He would scream most frightfully in the nurse's arms ul waj'S when passing one particular spot on the stairs where' ho saw the apparition. Except by him there was rarely anything seen, but my aunt frequently told me that figures of two men have appeared to her iu the twilight, and yet were quite invisible to her husband, still more ?that, aim Gunn 1.1, om trnTT.- pln-o l,v l™ i.ov '«*? ''' evil Uliwn vj Ullll, 11..J. almost touch him, and he not in the least aware of it. My aunt's nursery stool was once dragged from under her feet, and the cloth, desk, pens and ink swept off the table in a moment. The crack ing, of a -whip was constantly heard behind tliem, and tlie names of ' Margaret ' and ' Mary ' wero often called as if from one side of the room to the other. Different members of the family declare tliat tliey have felt a cold and clammy hand laid on the forehead, while others main tain that it was more like tlie touch of a cold stone. On retiring for the night I hoard a tap ping at tlie bad-room door, not loud but very distinct, and 011 opening it and holding it so as to command a view of both sides, the tapping continued, as it did likewise for some time af ter it was closed again ; then it moved to a part of the wall about three or four feet from the door ; where it continued sufficiently long to enable me to make every examination in my power to ascertain the cause, but without success. On going to bed aud extinguishing the candle, but having still a fire bright enough to enable me to distinguish the smallest object in the room, one of the posts of tho bed was sha keen so_ violently that the_ man who was in the room witli me heard it plainly ; soon after that, a pattering sound, as if. of a small animal running, seemed to come from the fire-place towards tho beds, under both of which it went. I was look ing at the part of the floor on which it seemed to run, and imniediately with the man searched ?every crevice of the apartment, but could find nothing ; since that time I have frequently heard noises equally inexplicable, some resembling the rolling of a great beam of timber from one square to another, then a double blow similar to that of a carpenter making a mortice, first a light and then a heavy one, sometimes a sound as if a large animal was being suffocated, for instance, a calf or a large dog, at other times, a piece of mortar from the ceiling seemed to fall and scat ter on the floor, aud not unfrequently water, as if from a leak in the roof, appeared to be coming down drop by. drop. — Sharpy's Mac/a-f.nc. 