THE LAND OF NO RECOLLECTIONS. They tell us this is " the land of no recollections." Wo are taunted with tho lamentable fact tbat we aro destitute of a history. Well, be it so. We can certainly boast of no illustrious band of patriots ; neither are we' called upon to blush for having bowed down beforo a long line of tyrants. It must be admitted that we havo had no great wars-all our murders have boon ou a small scala-but then, we have not poured out tho blood of tho bravest of our sons, nor loaded ourselves and those who are to como after us with tho burdon of an enormous national debt, for the sake of currying out a policy which, in tho end, has proved to bo unsuccess- ful, aud which, probubly, would have boen injurious to us, even had it been crowned with success. We must confess that wo have hud no great imposters ; nor crowds of simpletons who worshipped and weru ready te die for them. It cannot bo disguised that wo have had no great philosophers, and no great quacks ; no great tiddlers; no great dancers; and, contrary to what might have been expected, we have not even had any very great rogues. In truth, we have nothing to fall bael, upon but tho fact that wo aro in the present enjoyment of youth and its accompaniments, health and strength -which, after all, aro not bad things in thoir way. Elderly gentlemen are sometimes givon to sneer ut their juniors, by humorously calling them *' boys ;" but it is by no means certain that tho elderly gentlemen have the best of the joke. The past, wah us, may lie summed up in a very low words. Tho first settlement of this country was made some sixty-eight years ago-within the memory of men who aro now living. In a few years the influx of free immigration set in, nnd soon increasod to such an oxtent that every consideration both of right and of expediency demanded that this colony should no longer bo regarded ns n mere penul settlement. Tho occurrences »f those days present Utile that is worthy of remark. There is nothing surprising in the fact that officials selected by the Homo Govern- ment for qualifications that rendered them useful in the control of criminals, should have proved unfit to rule over a freo population. Neither is it in any way extra- ordinary that those who lived by tho sweat of other men's brows, should havo met with indignation the proposal to deprive thom of gratuitous labour. All this was only naturol and what was to have been expected ; so also were the struggles of tho people to wring from tho Government their rights ns British subjects. After \ obtaining several minor concessions, they received at length the boon of Hesponsiblo llnvernment. All that occurred before this is no more worthy of record than would be tho narration, in a biography, of tho first feeble attempts of an infant to walk. It is only within the last few months that our history has commenced. Wo aro now beginning to create recollections for tho future. Tho inauguration of representative government in this country must have been an event full of interest to overy thinking mind. Thoro was n fair and open field for the spirit of Anglo-Saxon progress to work upon. Wo had the advantage of ¡earning much from tho expe- rience of our forefathers, without having had to poy tao penalty of thoir errors. Wo were burdenod with no debt that would cramp the development of our resources or retard our plans of social amelioration. Tho pauperism of old countries being unknown among us, we could submit, without inconvenience, to un amount of taxation, in proportion to our population, under which to European nation could exist, without taking into consideration tho handsome revenue that could be rai-cd by a judicious administration of our public lands. We had no relations with foreign powers to distract us from carrying out internal improvements. We had the example of the mother-country, to warn us from copying the inherited depots, and antiquated abuses that have clung to tho administration of her government-blots on her otherwise fair and noble escutcheon, that can bo wiped ont only by long and patient effort, or by a , revolution that might bo more disastrous than the evils it v/ould be intended to remedy. AVith all these advan- tages in our favour, and in a colony liku this, peopled by the energetic and tho enterprising of the most enlight- ened nation in tho world, surely one master-mind could be found, untrammelled hy tho worn ont traditions of the past-unallured by tho day dreams of Utopian vision- aries-who was worthy to lay the foundations of a great and prosperous country : worthy to minister to the welfare and happiness of a people ! The Hour had come and the Han stepped forth who was to lead his country on the path to greatness. Oh, what a falling olf was there from the magnificent anticipations we had formed I Tho Heaven-born states- man, the father of his country, that we were prepared to greet, appeared the »h»pe af» dapper, sprightly gentle-, wan; groat in hi» waistcoats; great in his small jakes ; great in the hula conventionalities ot* sooSety-oniil everything elsa tha.t is li'Ua} farmed hy natur« to be, the idol of very young gentlemen and ladies of uncertain ag» J wt without one spark of originality in his composition ; without ona solitary qualification to fit him U carry on even tho every day business of an established government. His most original idea of a policy was to turn his coat and follow in the steps of his predecessors under the old regime ; his only conception of playing the part of a great statesman was a feeble imitation of that " sinuous parasite" of Canning in bia High Tory days, who by dexter, ously changing his opinions with the times, and skilfully employing his long experience in party tactics, has managed to retain office under almost every change of ministry, and is at present the Premier of England. Our great man took for his associates three lawyers and a mute, inglorious financier, that he picked up, of whom little need be said, for little is known and, it is probable, little will ever be known. Of the legal gentlemen, the first was a special pleader of the first water ; cold, artificial, but clever-too clever by half. He is a thorough, master of the art of argument ; but he shows too clearly that it is only an art. The effect of his well-applied logic is spoiled by his hearers feeling too strongly the conviction that he could argue quite as well on the other side of the question. His honorable and learned colleague was, like tho Premier, a turn-coat ; but the change did not seem to sit so easily on him. He grew fidgetty and wavering ; was evidently uneasy in his mind ;' and looked as if he did not sleep well at night being haunted by the ghost of liberalism. The third lawyer was a gentleman who is a popular favourite, for the sake of his name, and for his own sako ; but he is about os well qualified to be a minister of the Gospel aa to he a Minister of Finance ; nor has his previous ex- perience given him any practical acquaintance with the> subject of public lands. He is, no doubt, we'll deserving of some high and influential office. No man, for instance, would ba more worthy of the dignity of Orand Master of tha Ancient and Honourable Society of Good Fellows ; or, Perpetual Chairman of something superior in the Freo and Easy Line ; bu* he is not altogether cut out for tha cabinet just yet. We oan hardly blame him for accept- ing office, however. A far wilder flight of ambition would have been excusable in a man of less abilities, when he saw what manner of men wore deemed worthy of becoming Prime Ministers. Besides those great states-, men, there were two others, not exactly in the Ministry» and not exactly out of it ; but who had a good deal to do with pulling the wires that moved these puppets. One was a pompous, magniloquent Tory; sour, solemu, and sonorous as an empty porter butt; who assumes,, on all occasions, a dignified and patronizing tono, and evidently runs away with tho iden that he is considered to be a modern roaster-a colonial Lord Lyndhurst. The other " ofl'-sider" was an Australian specimen of tho " country gentleman"-interesting as representing a class that will soon beoomo extinct, as its members are fast passing away with the aborigines. Their motto is " Let learning-, laws, and commerce die : Leave us our old squattoornoy !" They are of opinion that towns ought to be " put down and think that tho greatest benefactor of tho human race is the patriot who sits all day on n gum stump, watching his sheep while they eat grass and propagate their species. The oareor of our first Responsible Ministry, made up of these elements, was as brief as that of a sky-rocket; hut not quite so brilliant. There wus n great deal of talk about forms, and precedents, and privileges of Parliament; but nothing was said about the good of tho country. Ministers came down to the House, each man with a volumo of Macaulay under his arm, and read extracts by the hour ; but not one of them seemed to apply his mind to tho present circumstances of the colony, or to tho actual administration of the public affairs. The practice of giving elegant extracts from British and foreign literature soon became universal. A stranger might have imagined that he lind intruded, by mistake, upon some village debating class, where copious quotation was found convenient in compen- sating for poverty of language and pauoity of ideas. The measures of Government were not opposed, for they brought forward no measures ; but a strong disposition to criticise all their acts was evinced by the liberal members-which was in no way surprising, for men are not apt to tako it for granted that a diamond is to be found in a pinchbeck setting. Wounded in his self-love at this want of blind, unwavering faith in thoso front whoso cause ho was a renegade, the Premier, in a moment of irritation, weakly yielded to a minority, and throw down tho reins of otlice childishly, as ho had ut first grasped them greedily. He sank buyond redemp- tion, with only the wretched consolation left him that it might yet bo in his power to vent the poor spite of mortified vanity upon his successors, und upon the country. I have compared his Ministry to a rocket : I should, rather, have likened it to a miserable farthing rushlight, that, after having been lit with difficulty, flickered and spluttered for its brief existence ; went out-and stunk. Thus has the first chapter of our history opened : Such are tho precious recollections wo have stored up for the future 1 If wo are to go on as wo have com- menced, wo shall, at all events, afford an abundant fund of amusement for our neighbours; and give the good folks in longland occasion for some moro pungent criticism than tho pointless sneer, that ours is " the land of no recollections." THE OLD SHEPHERD. Up-tho-Country, 1st October, 1880. 