DISASTER AT PORT ELLIOT. This ship-trnp has been the occasion of the stranding ;>f two more vessels, the Lapwing and the Swordfish. Tlie ill-fated vessels were riding at the (iovernment moorings on Thursday even i ing, when it came on to blow, and, on Friday j morning the gale increasing, they were both ; driven on shore, bringing home, as we under | stand, the moorings with them. The Lapwing i was loading timber f>r the Ciawler Town Ilail | way, and the Swordfish had 17U tons of flour S on board, belonging to Messrs Flder, Stirling, j and Co., bound for Sydney. The SwordtLh, we ] understand, was driven ashore, with loss of ! rudder only, and some slight damage to her | stern. Her flour, we are glad to hear, is j uninjured, and. from her position, hopes : were entertained of her being got off without j much trouble or expense. The Lapwing was ! not so fortunate in beaching, and it was feaied ; she will become a total wreck. The crews of , both vessels got safely ashore in the first in j stance, hut two men, belonging to the Lapwing, took out a boat, with the view of boarding thut ' vessel again, and perished in the attempt, the | boat capsizing in the surf. Every exertion was : made to save them, but they both lost their 1 lives within hail of the beach. At present, j these are all the particulars we have been able , to glean, and we therefore withhold comment ! i until we are more fully informed. Two other j vessels, names not reported, fastened to private j moorings, outrode the gale. I'Ni niMT.u Bay Kciioi;s.—It is known that the tcli csof Encounter Bay be it Paddy Crogan's out of sight altogether. A friend just arrived in forms us, that he met the Times yesterday near the Square Waterholes, containing Mr Lindsay Fiddle's most, important memorial to the Gover nor, accompanied by a cake of soap and a new pair of cords, and that, before be reached Willunga, the following dialogue had overtaken him. He considers it to be bis Excellency's reply to the memorial, and vouches for its authenticity :— Lindsay—Two sections I bought ; Echo—Well, they're worth nought. Lindsay — Aiul there is not a way Echo —To get at them you say. Lindsay—Not the ghost of a road ; Echo—Thut here is so odd. Lindsay — Whur air. I to do? Ei h i — C'ock-a-tloodle-do ! Lindsay -Mr Governor tell ? Echo—'Tis dearly a se'l. Lindsay—A. J.indsay Fid Ale Echo—Sing " Ho ! diddle, diddle !" —F LAT. Hints to Horticulturists.—We have for some time past been advertising the South Aus tralian Horticultural and Floricultural Society's second exhibition, which is to come off in Neales's Exchange, on Thursday, the 18th instant. Under those circumstances, it may not be amiss to call the attention of the Members of that Society, and the colonists generally, to what is being done else where by kindred associations. At present Syd ney is talcing tiie lead, and the Gardeners and Amateurs there are holding regular monthly meetings.—'• With ivgard to that very important bra ich of the proceedings, " say the Council of this Society in their last report," the holding of monthly meetings for discussion and mutual in struction, the council are rejoiced to state that their sucei ss has been as unexpected as it has been complete. It was anticipated, not only that the horticultural taste must be gradually extended before these monthly re-unions could le made popular, but that there would be some difficulty iu inducing members to contri bute papers cougenial to the objects of the j society. Both these anticipations have turned , out to be delusive. During the past year j eleven monthly meetings have been held, the j only omission of the observance of the appointed i day being in the case of New Year's day happen- j ing to fall on the first Tuesday in January. The whole of the meetings have been numerously attended, both by ladies aud gentlemen, aud on each occasion the evenings were agreeably and profitably spent in listening to the many interest- ' ing pap>'rs read, and discussion on the various topics they suggested." Tiie following is a list of the pipers which have been received, and . lbr the most part published through the instru- : mentality of the society. j 1\. Muspratt, F. On Manures '2 Je*sup, t\ On the Cultivation of Orchards. 3\. Webb, II. It. On Photography as a means of Taking Impressions of Leaves. 4\. Shepherd, T. \V. On Hybridization. 5\. Muspratt, F. On Horticultural Chemistry. (i. Creswick, F. On Noxious liurrs and Thistles growing in the colony. 7\. Sadlier, R. On the Agricultural Capabilities of the Colony. (No. 1) 8\. Mitchell, T. L. On Native Plants. 9\. Shepherd, T. W. On Native Plants, (No. I) I 18\. Sadlier, R. On the Agricultural Capabilities of I the Colony, (N°. H) ] 11\. Shepherd, L. C. On the Construction of Flower ; Gardens. i 12\. bhepherd, T. W. On Native Plants, (No. II) ! 13\. Sadlier, R. On the Agricultural Capabilities of | the Colony, (No. Ill) 14\. Crcswiek, F. On the Cultivation of Cinerarias. 1). Creswick, F. On Roses. 16\. Maekean, J. G. On Orchards. 17\. Macgillivray, J. On the Vegetable Productions of the South Sea Islands. 18\. Keene, \V. (Prize Essay)—On the Best Means I for preventing the Sand Drifts in the vicinity of Sydney. j 11>. Macgillivray, J. On Sandal Weod. i 20\. Creswick, F. On the Cultivation of Roses, (No. I.) I 21\. Graham, J. On the Cultivation of the Jerusalem ! Artichoke. I 2'2. Jcsstip, r. On the Cultivation of Orchids, (No. II.). 2:1. Shepherd, T. W On Native Plants, (No. III). 21\. Macgdiivray. On the Vegetable I'rodue'.ions of Cape York. 20\. Cresacll, F. O.i the Cultivation of Roses (No. II.) 21\. Milne, \V. On the Cultivation of the Bread Fruit. 27\. Graham, J. On the Cultivation of Cucumbers. 2S. Bell, G A. On the Cultivation of Dahlias. I'.K Milne, W. On the Taeea or South Sea Island Arrowroot. 30\. Wilson, —. On the Cultivation of Heaths. 31\. .Sheppcrd, D. On the Cultivation of tho Olire in Australia. 32\. Bell, G. A. On the Grow th of Garlic. 33\. Carron, W. On the Dodder as Destructive to I.ucerue. 34\. Shepherd, D. On the Propagation cf Plants by Cutting-.. It would he invidious, says the writer of this report, to criticise tlie various merits of these papers," but the council are fully justified in say ing that tlicv contained, : s a whole, a larger amount of horticultural inn runti in than had heretorore been publi-hed from experience de rived in this colony.—The Society had held three exhibitions during tl e year, and all of them lnd been eminently -ucoe-sful. The competition for the prizes of the so- iety, umtinues the report, has be n keen'y sustained, and, in many most attractive classes of plants, a marked improve ment in cultivation and in the extent of variety has taken place The council has offered life memberships for the best essays on the pre vention of sand drifts and on park decoration. For the former, five essays were sent in, all ! claiming considerable merit, and the prize was j awarded to Mr W. Keene. For the latter only I two essays were otfered, and the sub-committee ! authorised to report upon them have not i deemed it desirable to award a prize to I either, on account of the want of competition, | though they have to hear testimony to the j industry evinced in the elaborate paper, and i plan accompanying if, of Mr J. Graham, j They contemplate the establishment of an ex , periniental garden, but this has not been pro i ceeded with at present, although it has never [ been lost sight of by the council, who continue to regard it as an almost indi-pensable adjunct in affording that practical and useful information which it was the great object of the society to disseminate. But an object of this sort can only be successfully achieved in the maturcr growth j of the society, and with the increase of means and appliances, which the patronage of the public I may place in its hands The Council, however, earnestly recommend to their successors for the yeur 18o0-.>7 the consideration of this important subject, and such discussion of tiie details it w ill involve, as may facilitate ifs being carried j into execution whenever the funds of the society i may permit. 