THE WESTERN GOLD FIEI4ÎS, (From tn« B*thw*tFr*e -Pr«», of Saturday,) STOKEÏ CREEK. ' On Wednesday morning we received a visit from n gentleman who had just returned from Stoney Creek, bringing with him upwards of two hundred ounces ol gold which he had purchased at that place.. He also informed us that a party connected with the Bank ol New South Wales, who came ever from the Meroo, pur chased upwards of £2000 worth, on Saturday last, and bnt for want of money could have purchased a consider ably larger quantity. This account given by our friend is oa tho whole of a very encouraging character, and in- clines us to believe that there is a fair prospect of the richness of the gold fields in the Wellington district being properl>*estcd. Though the number of fresh arrivals is by no means so great now as it was a few weeks since, there aro fewer leaving. The population, including about SSO Chinamen, numbers about 2000, who are scattered over an area of at least twenty miles, and now that tho drones and the waiters on Providence have taken their departure for places more suitable to their peculiar habits and temperaments , consists principally of men obie and willing to work until success attends their labours. From the absence of any escort, and the unwillingness of the miners to sell more gold than requisite to supply their immediate wants, no cstitnato can bo formed as to the quantity obtained from this field ; however there is reason to believe that a much larger quantity has been found than the public are aware of. Everything at the present is very quiet, robberies or outrages of any kind being of rare occurrence. This may be perhaps owing to the presence of police who have been stationed there lately. As if with a full determination to mako the present obnoxious license system the means of checking the development of the gold fields of this colony, notices havo been issued that the law would be strictly enforced, and it has been so in several instances. In consequence of this a body of Chinamen, who were either unwilling or unable to pay the license fee, have shifted from the field to some unknown quarter, in the direction of the Mookerwa. The increased demand for flour at Molong has raisod the price to jí'-lO per ton, with the prospect of a further rise. Provisions generally, are, however, very reasonable, owing to the large quantity on the ground. Wo have been furnished with the following com- munication from u gentleman who has recently visited Stoney Creek. The Stoney Creek diggings have for some time past attracted considerable attention. The various contra- dictory statements, which from time to time, appear in your journal, afford but little hope of arriving at the truth in any other way than by visiting the scene of action, and when there, to devise the best means of obtaining correct information. From thc very straight- forward and temperate manner in which you have treated the question at issue, I am induced to give my reason« for visiting the place, and Ute impressions formed, after using every available means to get at honest truth. The accounts in circulation appeared to me so extravacant. and. on tho other hand, so directly counter, that I determined to Tint tho placa, and raake it my sole object to get all the informa- tion possible, and so far as practicable, to ascertain the opinions of the best informed miners upon the various matters which the question involves. Un my way up I met from ten to twelve return diggers, the majority of whom appeared physically unfit for the toil and drud, gery of gold digging. I passed about alike number on their way up, but not to the lund of promise, because they were already disheartened by their returning friends, and from that moment had made up their minds (although they would fain persuade themselves other, wise) not to dig a second day unless they could at once hit upon big nuggets. The field around Stoney Creek is admitted to bo very extensive, even by the most sceptical. The decidedly happy appearance of tho people bespeaks prosperity and contentment, and the numbers who are accompanied by their wives and families portend good for the future progress of the diggings, as they may be considered in most cases as fixtures. Tho mass upon tho creek and within, say five square miles, ure, £ think, truthfully estimated at about 2000 souls, and they appear to con- sist of 6o;to fule diggers, the place has been weeded of the " ne'er do wells." Every party I applied to had gold to sell, but would not part with it nt loss than a tip-top-prico. Once a week gold is sold, but just sufficient to cover current expenses. Ex- treme caution nnd secrecy aro apparent in all the diggers' transactions ; yet, any known, respectable person, moy easily satisfy himself that three-fourths of thc miners are doing well, and many of them saving money, whilst others ore making fortunes. On the Creek it is undisputed that almost every day large quantities of gold are sent across tho country. Ono of the fortunato diggers, in reminding a-party of the risk of carrying down his own gold, expressed himself quite at case about it, affirming, that begging a meal at one plnco on the road, nnd olFering part of a swag for sale at another, are tho best means yet concocted for taking a largo nugget to market in safety, adding, that he knew of two loti», ono 38 lbs., and another weighing upwards of 40, which had been dispatched in like mannerthe week previous. Tho Bamo was stated by several parties to be a fact, and that one mau had then in his possession 1300 ons., tho result of five weeks' labour. Tho truth of these statements admits of great doubt, and not until an escort is provided can wo expect uny reliable or authentic in- formation of the quantity of gold actually produced. A great many of the claims, known to be rich, nie in the hands of parties who only work part of ono or two days in tho week, this amount of labour producing sufficient to keep them at tho grog-shop and gambling table for the remainder of the time. Secrecy is tho miner's only present protection, which renders tho task of getting information really difficult 5 yet I cannot imagine the possibility of any unprejudiced person, after a care- ful investigation upon tho spot, coming to any other conclusion than that Stoney Creek bids high to become the most productive gold field that has yet been dis- covered in New South Wales. It must always happen that out of the mass that usually rush to a newly dis- covered gold field, there will bo some unfortunates. Disappointment to a considerable extent must result at Stoney Creek, where the gold is so irregularly distri- buted, but a decided majority aro doing well. Those who represent themselves ns unfortunate diggers, are composed of tho following-tho penniless, who aro starved out before having a shadow sf chance to rea- lize anything ; the physically weak, the incapacitated from other causes ; the la/.y, tho worthless, tho drunkard, nnd-Inst not least, the loafer figure conspicu- ously in bringing up the rear. Out of the above lot, the Stoney Creek ghost of misfortunes may have had its resurrection. 