DOMESTIC NEWS. Serious Loss or Life.—It is our painful duty to record one of the most melancholy accidents that has occurred for some time past. It appears that two small vessels, the Iron Aim and the Victory, yes terday went down the river 011 a sailing match for £;10 a-sido. The'Yietory having greatly distanced her com petitor, had rounded the Lightship, and both vessels were returning, when, as the Iron Age was opposite the North Arm, one of the men on hoard, named David Flatt, ascended the mast for the purpose of setting the gaff topsail. The breeze at that time was very fresh ; and tlio additional sail was scarcely loosened, when another of the men called out to Flatt—"For Clod's sake come down ; the boat is going under." At the same moment she drove under .the water, and immediately went down. Assistance was speedily rendered by Mr Manson, who was returning to the Port in his cutter ; hut out of the four men on board, three, including the owner of the boat, were most unfortunately drowned. The Railway.—The (liter-tors having deter mined that, during the present week, trains should run daily for the enjoyment of the Adelaide public, who, like all classes of the old country, keenly appreciate a gratuitous amusement, a trip took place yesterday after noon, to the complete satisfaction of about 100 passen gers. Not the slightest mishap occurred to person or material, to mar the afternoon's amusement. The greatest speed attained was about thirty miles an hour, which produced no sensible vibration. Registry Office.—We understand that the oHice of Deputy Registrar, rendered vacant by the re signation of Mr Barnard, has been filled up by the up. pointment of Mr W. if. 'J'. Andrews, who has long been a valuable oilicer in that department of the Go verument service. Collegiate School.—Mr IJ. Greffrast has been appointed Professor of German at this establish- ; ment, ui-r Nootnagol, resigned. The Stockade.—The authorities of the j Stockade have taken additional precaution since the ; recent escapes. The prisoners are no longer permitted j to work in the quarry, hut are employed inside the | walls of the prison, in breaking the stone that has been j raised by the free labourers in digging a large tank lor j the use of the prison. There arc mail}'' thousands of : tons of stone for them to break before the present sup- ■ jaly inside the prison is exhausted. ^ MansOn's Cutter—A new cutter, built for Mr Manson, at Port Adelaide, and intended to ply in the gulf fur the purpose of hoarding vessels before their arrival, was yesterday tested by a trial (rip. The result wa» in the highest degree satisfactory, reflecting much j credit upon the builders. A party of ladies and gentle- 1 men, under the care of Captain French and Mr -Manson, , left the Port at 11 o'clock, and after proceeding round ! tlie Lightship, arrived at the Port about 5—they having j been detained on their homeward trip by a melancholy accident, the details of which are given elsewhere. I We wish Mr Manson luelc in his new enterprise. j Gawler Tiiw.v and Suuurijan Building : am> Investment Socrr/rv.—A monthly meeting of the ; above Society was held at the Globe Inn, on Monday last, when eight shares of £.70 each were submitted for j competition, realizing a total premium of £7- 17s. (id., ; or £U 2s. 21(1. per share. This Society ha-, in the short j space of two months, disposed of 300 shares, and the ' benefits arising from it are becoming already apparent j by enabling parties to possess their own freeholds. Down -with thf. Logs.—We understand ! that the provisions of tire Dog Act arc to he extended j to Gawler Town and suburbs-• a heavv blow and great ; discouragement to the numerous curs in that district. j Gawler Town.— \Ye learn that a public meeting of the inhabitants of Gawler Town is in eon- 1 teniplation, having tor its object the promotion of a : Private Act, to quiet the titles to property in the town ship (the hind grant having been long since destroyed) ; also, to appoint new trustees in the place of the two originally named, both of whom being permanently ; resident in I'aigl.ind. At present, no one seems armed ■ with sullicieiit authority to stop parties from cutting the timber, or otherwise damaging the Park Lands, set ; apart by the original holders for public recreation, &e.; i The Poet Ibx:hi:s. *-TIk: Daihj Amr.v says | of the late Samuel Kegel-V- llis hold "n life was very ' strong. Hp who was an authority oil the incidents of | the Hastings' trial, and who was in l'ox's room when ; he was dying—lie who saw George III. a young man, ■ and was glowing into manhood when Johnson went to the Hebrides, survived for several years being run over , by a cab of the construction of the middle of the nine- ( tecnth century. Ilis poetry could scarcely be said to live so long as himself, as it was rather the illustrations ■ with which it was graced than the verse itself that kept , i his volumes on sale and within view. The elegance $ and correctness ot his verse are hevond question ; but the j higher and more substantial qualities of true poetry will ' hardly he recognised there. It should be remembered that there is a piece of prose writing of his which Mac- . intosh said that "llmnc could not improve the thoughts nor Addison the language." That gem is the piece on Assassination, in his "Italy.*' In it inav he clearly traced the itilhtenee oi his carlv mm-eoiiibnnist educa tion. When lie wrote it, half a lifetime ago, Wwrldh ; iiess liatl not unite choked the good seed of earlv-sowu : philosophy ; and the natural magnanimity of the man ; j was not extinguished bv the passions - -as strong' as an}" . in their way—which spring from the soil of convcn ' tionalism. If lingers is to he judged by his writings, let it he hy such fragments as that little essay ; it fur ther, by his deeds rather than his words. So may the world retain the fairest remembrance of the last En glish Miva-uas, and the only man among us "perhaps who has illustrated in his own person the position at once of patron and of client. I.M i'olt't'A NT I 'uST ]\K< JURATION'S. Kilglisll j.OSf ' masters making up mails for foreign parts are ducted to treat as !•■/trrs all those upon which an insui , licient amount of postage may have been paid in postage stamps. In the ease of letters insutliciently paid in money, thev are directed to surcharge the defi ciency upon the postmaster at whose oiiice the letters may have been posted, and treat them as paid, and ; transmit them as such to foreign destination. | Tka.NSM l.ssioN OF NKWsPA 1' FKS, &t;:.— l»y iX j Treasiny warrant, dated December 7th, the late o! ' postage chargeable on newspapers transmitted from the I United Kingdom to any Ileitis!) crJonv or foreign ports, : j via Panama, shall he Id. each. Oil colonial nows | papers between one ihitish colony and another, nil , Panama, Id. each. On foreign newspapers, Id. each. Totaj, ANxrinr.ATioxof Van Dikmkns Land. ; —An English paper says--" Van Dievm n's 1 .and exists ' no hmger, the Queen having been graciously pleased ; to accede to a petition from the colony, praying that | Van Dienien's Land should he changed to that oi' ; 'Tasmania.'" I) km an ii for Shu'WRIGuts.— The demand : for shipwrights in the West of England is so great that six months' certain employment is guaranteed; the ; wagv'.s generally reach (is. per day, ami there is almost unlimited work as overtime. I Ciiarlks Dickens.—This gentleman has been amusing the inhabitants of Peterborough, by giving a public reading of his " Christmas Carol " The papers say:—"The Exchange was literally packed, upwards of 700 persons being present After a few prefatory remarks, Mr Dickens commenced reading "The Carol." His clever rendering of the different characters was frequently applauded, and the attention of his audience was most closely rivetted to the story from beginning to end. His mimicry was excellent, not overdrawn, but life-like, especially in the character of OH Sn- oc.t/c, the miserable hard-fisted being who could not hear to see others happy and cheerful, until warned by the ghost of his former partners, and the dreams of Christmas — past, present, and to come. At the conclusion, a Vote of thanks to Mr Dickens was moved hy the Hon. C. W. Fit/william, and seconded by the Marquis of lluutly, who, in addition, proposed as many cheers as tho audience had breath for, which was heartily re sponded to by three times three and one cheer more. The Mechanics',Institution, for whose benefit the read ing was given, are much obliged to Mr Dickens. We hear that the receipts amount to nearly C3o." 