JUSTICE'S JUSTICE AT BALLAARAT. WE feel in some doubt as to how the subject of Capt. Vignollcs's recent extraordinary conduct at Ballaarat ought to be treated. We would not speak harshly or a lunatic, however mischievous he might be, but should content ourselves with urging the necessity for putting him under whole- some restraint. In the same way, if the reports which have been published are correct, we know not whether Capt. Vignolles can be properly held accountable for his conduct, or whether we should regard him as being mentally prostrated, or touched with insanity. Li the former case he is a disgrace to the Bench in the latter he would deserve no harsher treatment than to be removed quietly from a place which it is quite evident he is utterly unfit to hold. Without inquiring, then, in this place, to what cause this unfitness should be attributed, we desire to call attention, in the most proper . neat way, to two cases which seem to him to prove conclusively that we have not exaggerated its extent. The following passages are from the police report of the Ballaarat Star Mary Osborne was charged with being an habitual drunkard. It appeared that the unfortunate woman had often been before the courts in Bendigo and uulliuu-.it. His Worship sentenced her to six months' imp son u eut W Munro I'mitcls was indicted upon a charge of of stealing a chesnut horse, branded DR on near shoulder, the property of J. Irwin. Mr. Stump for the defence. His Worship Imlngasceitaiucd that the miner was dead, dismissed the case, adding that the case appear ed like one of a man indicted for murdering it ghost We have often noticed the decisions and phrases of Captain Vignolles as having been somewhat remarkable for other qualities than their justice or propriety, at the time when he sat upon the Melbourne button. But such decisions as those which we have quoted were happily unknown here, and should be unknown in any civilised country. We have to turn to Eastern story books for accounts of arbitrary stupidity on the part of viziers and cards in parallel such decisions as those of Captain Vignolles at JLiallaarnt. In what utter confusion must that brain be which can regard the death of a horse, after its being stolen, as a justification of the robbery as being equivalent to " robbing a ghost!" One cannot by any effort place oneself in such a mental attitude as to be enabled to comprehend what the speaker of such words as these would be driving at. We can only ask over and over again " What can he mean ?" If a man steal a horse and rides it to death, supplementary cruelty exculpates the thief for the previous robbery. A fJieepstealer lines but to convert his plunder into mutton, and his offence is rarefied into the mere robbery of a ghost. It is inexcusable that a man who can adjudicate thus should be left upon the bench to be leaves the justice. But in the one case is remarkable for the almost inconceivable mental confusion which it indicates, the other- is perhaps still worse, though of. another kind. " One man may steal a. horde, where another may not look over the hedge," says the proverb, and with regret to matters drunken, as well as with regard to matters equine, equal disparity as to consequences seems to exist in the domain of Captain Vignolles. Before that poten- state there is no possibility of conjecturing what will be the consequences of any offence with which a subject may be charged. We have heard of a diggings magistrate-not Captain Vignolles who sent one man to prison for being drunk, and fined another for stealing a watch. If- it supposed that this kind of justice is good enough for the country, and that the absence of law, and common sense, and humanity, matters nothing on the goldfields ? We are persuaded that such a doctrine no longer finds acceptance in any place, and cure should be taken not to leave magistrates in power at those places whose character and conduct would sanction the idea that those in power are utterly heedless of injustice is" confined to such localities. In other portions of the local papers we read, that the poor woman who was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for in- toxication was an industrious laundress, turning her own living, and no idle, committed under that most classic of all acts the- Vagrant Act. And where is this term of imprisonment to be suffered - In the "lock-up," it appears. Has the reader ever- seen a " lock-up'' < at the gold-fields No prison in the old times described by Fielding, or even of the kind that we read of in Gil Blas or Asmo deuSj is as disgusting and horrible as is 1 diggings " lock .. up.. The cleanliness, and decency, and classification, which have almost too completely obliterated the penal characteristics of modern gaols, are utterly wanting in the diggings lock-up." 96 hours in such a place must be bad enough, but six months would seem like a life- time of horror and degradation. They whose business it is to inquire whether, this mad sentence is realty being carried out should lose not one moment in putting an end to the monstrous cruelty, and to the power of. Captain Vignolles again to. perpetrate such enormities. 