SUPERSTITION'S, CUSTOMS, AND BURIALS OP THE ABORIGINES. TFrom the Jraus.l The first of the third course of lectures for the season 1856 was delivered yesterday evening at the Mechanics' Institution, the Ic-ctorer being Mr. Blandoweki, of the Museum of Natural History, and the subject the Super stitions, Customs, and Burials of the Aborigines- a topic which Mr. Blandowski has already treated with consi derable ability. The subject is one of peculiar interest to those who have made the Australian colonies their home, and it is also one well deserving the attention of scientific men. It will not be very long, speaking comparatively, be fore, in obedience to that strange, but unvarying law which causes the dark and savage races of mankind to dwindle and wither before the white man's civiliza tion, the aborigines of Australia will cease to exist except in tradition. All that can then remain to guide the researches of the ethnologist or physiologist will be the recorded results of the observations of gentlemen who, like Mr. BlandowBki, have accurately and carefully investigated this interesting but difficult subject. No want of due appreciation of the lecturer's efforts was manifested yesterday evening, the large room of the In stitution being filled in every part. The lecturer in hiB exordium commented upon the small share of attention which had hitherto been devoted to a knowledge of the manners and customs of the aborigines, and also upon the fact to which we have already adverted, viz., the disappearance of the black before the white races. He instanced this by the rarity of the appearance of the natives in the vicinity of Mel bourne, near which city they were formerly in crowds. There were many facts which he had observed years since in reference to the aborigines, and which he could not explain even at that time, and he therefore gave to the public the facts which his limited knowledge of the native language enabled bim to understand, in the hope that others might be induced to do the same. There were in Australia not more than 200.000 natives, and they had been known to the civilized races lor 300 years, and yet the world was still without any distinct infor mation as to the habits and manners of the inhabitants of a country equal in size neatly to the whole of Europe. There were three distinct tribes or classes amongst the natives—the first being composed of those who were distinguished by age and fidelity to their tribes. They were very few in number, and performed all the reli gious ceremonies, such.as knocking out the teeth of the young men, cutting off the finger-joints of the young women, perforating the septum of the nose. To them were ascribed supernatural powers—such as those of controlling the elements of nature, flying through the air at sight, and sending, by sopercaturijlmeans, letters or messages to far distant tribes. These persons, or " corrindes," were crafty and .sinister in aspect, and differing altogether from the open, manly, and deter mined aspect of the warriors. These men were diviners of omens, such as the arrival of birds, insects, &c.;, at the camp. Tney also supplied their warriors with human kidney fat torn from a stunned but not dead enemy. When they desired ro procure this revolting onguent the corrindes cautiously approached an enemy's camp at night, and, having watched thcr opportunity, stunned their victim with a blow of a dub, taking care not to destroy life. -They then opened tbe side between the ribs and hip, azd with their nails tore out the fat from around the kidneys. The victim often survived this dreadful ordeal a day or two, bat in extreme torlarc. The fat so procured was most religiously kept, end on oc casion the faces and breasts of the men were rubbed with a little of it, under the impression that the courage of the deceased was thereby transferred to them, and that weapons anointed with it were more successful in war and the chase. These elders, too, often retired from the tribe :or weeks, and concealed themselves in caves. On their return thry were received with great venera tion, and they pretended to have seen visions. They were also expert ventriloquists, and gave oracular answers to questions of the tribe. The ceremony of knocking out the front teeth of tbe youths was thus performed:—A great many aborigines having assembled, armed, passed a night in dancing *and singing. A space of grass, 27 feet by' 18, was cleared the next morning, and the J ads were placed on one side, with the corrindes and strangers on the other. The boys were taken away from their own side ooe by one, with many ■ gesticulations, and were compelled to sit down, looking on the ground, on the other; no? were they allowed to look up, or take any refreshment fur hours. The cor rindes on the following day threw themBdves on the ground with gestures indicative of pain, and pretended at last to be delivered of a bone—their object in gesti culating thus being to raise a belief that the more they suffered the less the victim would fed the operation. The young men then ran about on all fours, imitating the dingo, or native dog, over which this ceremony' was supposed to give them dominion, The figure of a kangaroo made of grass was carried about -with many ceremonies—thus giving them dominion over that animal. The borg were then placed in n blaster, the corrinelce -sitting near lh m, and makiug^hotriblefccce. sounds, end gcsticularious. The boys were 'then rolled on the body each of a corrincle, who writhed about and emitted a growling sound. The 'fcqys were thus supposed to be rendered brave men. At last si lad was taken. Ids gum lanced with a sharp bene, and;the tooth knocked out. Three feints were always made before the tooth was struck, the corriudes around raising a hideous clamour to drown any cries of pain which might be uttered, as the blow to remove the tooth was often rcpca'ed several times before it was removed. The blood was not removed from the face of the bov, hut allowed to dry there. lie wa« thus initiated into 'he class of men, and allowed ho use the spear and boome rang, to go forth to battle, and to choose a wife for himself. Great pains were taken during these ceremonials to exorcise any evil spirits near, and Sir T. Mitchell men tioned that'a party ot savages mistook him and his party for such, and w» re eouvinced of it, apparently, on seeing a pistol discharged. A * to their omens they attached great importance to shooting stars, and held thunder and lightning in great f.'ar. They never whistled, pro bably from the natural derirc of concealment, and never broiled fish at night, fearing the prisonous influence of the moon. They alien attempted to frighten each other, an-i to frighten Europeans with whom they happened to i he travelling. An instance occurred to himself (Mr. Bbndo-.vski) while travelling towards the jtinctkm of , the Murray and the Darling. A native guide attempted ! several times to alarm him by fea's of dexterity, such as going awav for a little distance, and, apparently without moving, throwing sticks and stones in his direction. When detected, he asked him, " If he had seen the 'dcbble debble.'" Their treatment of their sick was very peculiar. Sometimes they compelled a sick man to hold hict face in the smoke; f a fire as long as he could hold his breath. At other times they made liira take water in the month and spit it out again; this operation w.:s repeated several times. When a native died sud denly, rhe warriors assembled to decide who had caused his death, and fixed upon some person who might be cither friend or enemy. If a friend or member of the tribe were pitched on, a grand corrobbore? was held, and the nearest female relative or lubra of the deceased, armed with a waddv, belaboured the heads of those whom she sus c-cted w th blows so vigorous that t? a European it was matter of the greatest wonderment that the skull was not shattered to pieces. Any one showing symptoms of dissatisfaction at this ordeal was pricked with spears, 60 as to cause great pain, in his arms and legs, by three or four warriors, who accompanied the lubra. If an enemy were fixed on, :«u opportunity was taken to steal to the camp and murder one of the tribe, whose kidney-fat was then removed. The natives believed in evil spirits and gho-ts, and for this reason never lefc their camp afier dark. They never bore ihesarne na nc as a dead member o? the frbe, and never nunUoncd his name; but if pressed to indicate him, did so by rec-dling some circumstances connected with the individual when living. Their mourning was performed by culling- their arms and thighs, and by a manifestation v.f indifference to outward circumstances. It was a common mouotnauia with them to fan-, y a epcar-hcad sticking in their back. Tbis they were cured of by the corrinclo's pretending to extract a spsar-bead or bone. They recovered from wounds much sooner than white men, owing to their not using sr.lt or spirits; but they suffered dreadfully from disease, amongst ilie chief of which was catarrh. If a father desired to transfer his courage to his son, he opened a vein in his arm, and suffered the blood to run down his son's back. Females were frequently sprinkled with cold water during their confinement. A woman getting tired of her child, tided it, and adopted a dingo puppy instead; and when a woman died her child was often buried with her. Children born cripples were killed a few days afrcr their birth; when twins were born one was instantly killed—and the s?jnc rule applied to half-caste children. Notwithstanding tbis, it was undeniable that they felt great pain in thus parting with their children, and with their infirm persons who were unable to feed themselves, and who were suffered to wander in the bush. Cowardice was the greatest dis grace a native could incur; but when they were opposed to white men—of whose great superiority in weapons thty "Were aware—it was considered proper prudence. The natives were capable of considerable magnanimity, and one instance had occurred in his presence—where the life of a brutal bullock-driver had been spared "as unworthy of revenge," after he had assaulted one of their women in a disgraceful manner, and when he was iu the middle of a native camp in the busli, and totally in their power. The natives believed in the re-appear ance of the dead on the cartli, and he (Mr. Blandotvski) had on one occasion been assured by an old woman of the natives, with many tears and a kiss, that lie was the ghost of her son, who had been killed by a spear-wound in the breast. It was not uncommon for the natives to imagine that their deceased relatives re-appeared as white men, and hcncc the caress of the old lady who took him for her son—a delusion which he did not encourage, but in whuh t»lie wa» evidently so sincere that he had not the heart to dispel it. The*men ot the tribe, too, saluted him as a relative, ar.d brought their children to him. Before a native was buried the native women proceeded to the spot intended for his grave before sunrise, and gave way to lamentations. They also singed off their hair r.nd covered the head with elay and lima to a thickness of two inches—probably to guard against the cold. This they wore for some lime. The mode of sepulture varied according to the rank and sex of the deceased. The tribe around the mouth of the Murray wrapped their dead in their ** 'possum rags,"and bou^d them with withes, until tlify resembled mummies. A kind of rude scaffold ot platform of branches was next constructed, and the body placed on it, and covered with grass. It was so placed as to face the cast, or auv water that might be in the vicinity. Here'the body remained until decomposition was far advanced. The tribe then assembled, and Hie body was taken on the back of a native through the bush. A number of holes were dag simultaneously and with great rapidity, and the bearer of the corpse, suddenly selecting ono of these, threw iu the body and covered it up. The other holes were filled as hastily as they had been deg, and by these means the natives imagined that they hud confused the evil spirit, or '* debble debble," so that lie could never discover the true grave. Other nativ- s buried thrir dead in huts. encircled by waifs of bark, and several circles of bark drawn round it. They did this to cheat the evil spirit, who could neither walk over the bark nor creep under it. In these huts were placed arms, to enable the occupants when they rose to resist the evil spirit. The tribes near Gmchcn Bay buried their dead in a sitting pasture—the head resting on the knees—and the grave covered by aliut, with trendies rc,und it. In another tribe the body was placed in a sitting posture across two sapplings, covered with a hut. The whole was then borne by four men to the place of sepulture. He had himself seen a platform erected in the topmost branches of a sbeaoak, in which he was told the b"dy was laid. This grave had the appearance of an eagle's nest. At Mount Gambler the body was placed in the hollow of a tree, and fire being applied, it was quickly consnmed by the great draught. Young women and boys were usually consigned to the gTound. The tribes around Gccloug buried their dead in graves, and placed between sheets of bark, sind these graves were surrounded by ornamented ground, somewhat resembling the plan of a European garden. The lecturer concluded his address, which extended to some length, by an appeal to the good feciing of the white races in favour of the abori gines, whose birthright they had possessed them selves of. This very interesting lecture, of which our space only allows us tu give the outline, was illustrated by coloured drawings hung around the walls of the room, and con veying a vivid idea of the scenes described by the lec turer. The lecture was also copiously Interspersed with quotations from the best- informed persons—writing in reference to the customs of the aborigines. Taken as a whole, the lecture might be said to convey a very fair idea of the customs of the aboriginal races of Australia although there is, doubtless, much more for the scientific and curious enquirer to lcaru in this respect. The lec turer was warmly applauded, and a vote of thanks to him passed unanimously. MADAME ANNA BISHOP'S CONCERTS.--Madame Anna Bishop made her debut before a South Australian audience on Monday evening at the first of a series of three concerts, at White's Assembly Rooms. There was a very large and fashionable attendance. His Excellency the Governor, Lady MacDonnell, Miss MacDonnell, and suite, were present. The concert was commenced imme diately after His Excellency's arrival, at 8 o'clock, by the performance of the grand scena and aria from Doni zetti's opera of "Ugo di Parigi," by Madame Bishop, accompanied by Mr. George Loder on the pianoforte. This selection was, perhaps, one of the most appropriate that conld have been chosen for the opening, inasmuch as it introduced the talented lady to the audience as an artiste possessing all the natural and acquired powers necessary to constitute a vocalist of the highest order. The voice of the fair cantatricc is of extensive register, great flexibility, extraordinary power, and extreme sweet ness. Her enunciation is clear, distinct, and fautless; her address alike free from affectation or restraint; to which may be added tha- Madame Bishop has acquired to great perfection that rare bat necessary accomplishment in a vocalist, the "trilL" With such a combination of excellencies, it may readily be supposed that her first reception was most enthusiastic. After the performance of the operatic composition above referred to, and a fantasia on the flute by Mr. Julius Siede, to whose performance we shall presently allude, Madame Bishop sang with extreme pathos that univer sally known ballad, composed by Sir Henry Bishop, her late husband, "Home, sweet home." The applause which followed was most enthusiastic, and was prolonged till the fair songstress again appeared, when shogave with : equal fervour Moore's charming melody, "Oft in the stilly night." Subsequently, during the first part of the concert, j Madams Bishop delighted her audience by singing ' purus's fine old Scotch ballad,"John Anderson,my jo, John," which being encored, *'Coming through the rye" was most appropriately substituted. The first part was concluded with one of Guglielmi's arias, in which Madame Bishop was accompanied by Mr. SLde on the flute. This composition, though it contains many ex tremely elaborate passages, requiring very* great vocal powers for their execution, was also encored, and on the re-appearance of the artiste^ the cadence, an extremely pleating part of the piece, was repeated, in the second part of the concert a remarkable change was made iu tne nature of the performances. The audience no longer listened to their gifted contemporary warbling forth the simple ballads of her native land. It was Norma whom they both heaid snd saw—Norma, the priestess of the vestal virgins, in druidical costume, it was Norma, who, having obtained from Adelgaesa a portion of her great secret* but who still was unconscious of the extent to which it would implicate herself and determine her final fete, denounces tbe superstitious warriors by whom she is surrounded for their apparent treachery, and then, having poured forth tbe enthusiasm of her heart in the sublime cavatinn, "Casta Diva/' appeals with all the ardour of unchanging affection to Pollione, her first and only lore. In the absence of all the auxiliaries occessry to the foil realization of Donizetti's c)t*f d'eatvre, we think Madame Bishop effected a great triumph iu thus standing unsupported as the vocalist and the actress— u So stands the statue that enchants the world." Tho evening's entertainments were conclnded by a singular composition, sung in Castflian by Madame Bishop, entitled " La Paradita" (the Promenade), which was also given in appropriate costume, and encored. To Mr. Julius Slede, as a flautist, we can ac cord tho most unqualified praise. His tones are full, rich, and correct, and his execution is of that brilliant character which can only foe acquired by long and patient practice. In one of the airs which he perilrmed it was scarcely possible to divest the mind of the belief that he was accompanied by a second flute. Mr. Lodersang in the first part "Down among the dead men," which was tolerably well received; but this gcnUcmau's forte is tho piano, which instrument, under his magic touch, inspires the listener with admira tion of tho talented manipulator who sits be- ; fore it. In concluding this notice we may state that the orchestra was most tastefully ornamented with a large profusion of flowering plants and bouquets from the nursery of Mr. Giles, ot" the Fifth Ore-k. Perhaps it may not be generally known that the chevalier Boclisa, Madame Bishop's tutor and compagnoudu voyage, died in Sydney early in the present year, clo.-ing there a career of world-wide celebr.ty. lie. was buried in Camperdown Cemetery, where a fine monument has been erected to his memory by Madame Bishop. On Wednesday evening White's Concert Boom was more than well filled on the occasion of Madame Bishop's se cond concert. The fair cautatriee had evidently- im pressed most favourably her audience of Monday ' evening from the manner in which she was received when she ascended the orchestra on Wednesday evening. • The programme, rich and varied in character, comment ed with a grand scena, recitative, and aria, M Sartc ela nolle," a ung by Madame Bishop, and it at once gave t he audience proof of the quality of tier fine voice. We have above described its compass, its fullness, and flexibility, and, if we might except some occasional thickness and want of decision in the lower notes of the soprano range, we could add perfection, so it will be unnecessary to repeat an opinion on that point, or do more than simply record the manner in which she song in the course of the pro gramme. The ballad "Oft in the stilly night" was beautifully rendered, its modulation and distinct ex pression eliciting a warm encore, when "Coming thro* the rye" was gracefully substituted, producing a fine contrast The favourite ballad ** Katy darling" obtained a wwiitr mecdof approval.and indeedit may be questioned whether Madame Anna did not win greater admiration In her interprctationofEnglishballadmuaicthanin the more difficult compodtionaof the French and Italian schools. The aria " Je mis la Bayadere" was very pleasingly per* formed, being marked with a simplicity—a natural case and erace thoroughly In keeping with the stjtJe of the music. The duet for voice and flute, arranged by Bochsa expressly for the fair artiste—the flautist being Mr. Sicde —was a composition involving great display and difficult vocalization. It is known by the title of the " The two nightingales," and introduces the plaintive air, " The last rose of summer." The second part of the pro gramme contained a scene in English—given in cos tume—from Donizetti's opera of " Linda of Chsmoam." Madame Bishop, in the character of Linda, sang two recitatives, acavatina, and & well-known ballad," On the banks of Guadalquivir." another composition written for her; and, subsequently, the 41 Soimambula" scene was rendered in English, this also was given with a -per sonation or Amina in the suppose i appropriate costume. Madame Anna Bishop left the orchestra amidst load demonstrations of appLuse, after complying with an encore by repeating the flu&ir;, "Ah.iura Ciunge." It rcmaius lor us to remark on the pleasure we, in common with every one there, derived irom the performances of Mr. Siede, on what might almost be termed *'ii Eiauto Magico." We retain recollection of the performances of some English flautists, but we confess we have seldom felt a greater delight than while listening to the beautiful full and mellow tones produced from his flute by Mr. Scid»\ Ilis fantasia was a finished performance, and obtained a warm re-demand; while perhaps his varia tions upon airs from "Norma" obtained as <&rge; a share of a-iinirition—felt and not expressed. Mr. Lod. r, as an accompanvist and conductor, was all that could he de sired, though his duties in the latter capacity were merely nominal. Birthday Commemorations.—On Monday the vessels at Port Adelaide were gaily decorated w it! flags, in honour of the birthday of the Prince of Wales. Adelaide and Provincial Building So ciety.—The half-yearly meeting of This Society was h- Id on Thursday at the Napoleon. Eight shares were sold at auction averaging about £15 per share premium. The half-yearly balance-sheet was read, as well as the profit ant. loss statement, which showed a profit upon the year and a half of the Society's existence of upwards of £4-,S20, being £5 16s. 2d. per share. The present number of shares was stated to be 715, The election took place of three Directors in lieu of 'hose retiring by rotation, when Messrs. Main, Cox, and Pulsford were unani mously re-elected. Bowden and Brompton Building So ciety.—A correspondent informs us that this Society, which is conducted on the Alexandrian principle, namely, that of spreading the premium given for shares over the whole duration of the Society, held its usual monthly meeting on the -iih iustant, when five shares were dis posed of. No. l, for 2s. 6d.; No. 2, for 2s. 7d.; No. 3, for 2s. 7d.; No. 4 ^l>r 2s. 5d.; and No. 5, for 23. Cd. per week, above Uie reserved rent of 2s. 