THE POST-MISTRESS. (From (he Household Words ) . THBroBt-mistreBS nt Moorbtck is retained by govem ..mêht at a libérai salary of fire annual pounds. She has bold her cffico, OB she casually informed me, during four reigns, end hn*> seen three great wera; the American, which she remembers hearing tell of when she was a child, because her mother's brother ' waa killed in it : Bonaparte's wars ; and now this war A.. with thc Russians-not to mention the battles in r.' India, "Where one of tho old colonel's sons was badly wfou&ded;, ond another was made captain for slaying a fabulous number cf tho enemy with his own hand, ": I like a gossip about times gone by, and Ailie Jarvis ?likes a gossip too ; perhaps that is the reason why I am so often to be found nt tho little rose-covered cot ' tage, at the bottom of the hill, when it is half holiday. My introduction to Ailie was on this wise; - I Wanted stamps, and walked down to the post office to purchase them with a shilling in my hand-I mention this because we do not carry purses usually ; tho only article of investment at Moorbeck being pipes nnd nie. I was accompanied by my amiable pupils, who formally named me to the post-mistress ns their now governess. She was a little, wcll-mads woman, verging on eighty, with a fine forehead, and traces of a beauty which neither hard work, hard fare, nor a full meed of troubles had sufficed to obliterate, fche received me with easy dig- nity, asked what country woman I wes, and hoped I . liked Wensleydale. Havirg replied to these ques- tions, I preferred a mild request for stamps. " How many do vou want, miss? " "Twelve." "Then I'm sute I can't let you have them ; I've only two lefc." " Oh ! indeed. Well, nevír mind ; one will do for the present. Pt rheps y< u will esk the mail-cart man to bring some;" and I gave up tho shilling, at 'the same time feeling o tug nt my sleeve from my eldest pupil, who is a girl of precocious shrewdness and vast second-hand worldly experience. How silly of you to givo her thc money," she whispers ; "you will never get the stamps." I cast n regretful look at tho old woman's hsnd in , which my coin is fast imprisoned, for my number of shillings is limited-I may say, very limited. Ailie assures me, as I go out, that I shall have my stamps without fail ia the morning. " I should think so," murmured Miss Amelia, in- credulously. I have now been at Moorbeck eighteen months and " . I have not received those stamps yet. The next day Ailie brought six, and left them with a small note r 'couched in polite terms, explaining that she could not procure more then ; but that the five which she still ' ' owed should follow shortly. I was satisfied. In the afternoon, however, another missive was presented to ? me, which ran thus : - DEAH Fr.in:iD, Miss GovtcnKESs,-Aillo Jai vis will bs much obliged if j oj will let her buvo the stamps back again; for Mr. "West has cent for some, and I dare not tell him 1 havo not got any. I remain joar dear niend, Alus JARVIS. The sptrllinfj we s correct and the writing legible, and with a smile I hand over the Queen's portraits to the maid, who departs therewith. ; "Wt ll, you ore Billy ! I would not have let her have them," cried my pupil ; " you are a goose !" I deposit the note in try woikbos ; and, after slightly ruffling the sleek p'umage of my wise and . plain-spoken pupil, I return to the perusal of my thirty-year old Review. I stíall never make a more profitable invest ' : ment than that shilling; it has yielded ex orbitant interest in the circulating medium ' ""ol chat. AVhen I am dull, or idly disposed, or ? wearied with the vivid sagacity of my young friends, I write a letter and carry it to tho post myself; I enter the office, which is also Ailie's bedroom, and ? deposit it on the table with a penny, I do not wish the : debt to be liquidated now, but it rests between us un ? .' forgotten ; then I ask after the rheumatism, the finger ? r joints, and other chronic ailments .of the venerable i , public servant, until we glide into the full channel of ..'^retrospective small talk ; for Ailie is the chronicle of ' Moorbeck. She tells me first that in this little cot ? .-tage where we both stand she has brought up fourteen children and two grandchildren ; that her husband for . a long time before his de'ath never did a lund's turn ; that one of her sons, Henry-the handsomest and ' cleverest of them all-lay wasting in bed seven years "'? 1 before he died. She shows me some letters that he wrote to her, and also his Bible filled with marginal notes, ,and the blank leaves covered with texts appropriate ' ' to his condition. There is a miniature portrait of him ?'.' hanging over the chimney-piece. It represents a man with a face like Ailie's, strong and intellectual. What ? those seven helpless years must have been! Then, with a hot flush on her cheek and a sparkle in her : faded eyes, she alludes to another son, who, having risen iii the world, is too proud to acknowledge his kin. 1 "I,pray God Almighty might humble his pride yet !" she adds in a tone that has more of a curse than -'- ,a blessing in it ; but the indignant, anger is quenched ' 'as" she touches slightly, very slightly, on the favourite .daughter, who, who-she pauses, and seeing that the unspoken Btory is known, says tremulously, " Oh ! . she was bonnie, real bonnie ! neither gentle nor simple in all the dale was half so bonnie as my Alice." Five of her children, she tells me, three sons and two daughters, lie buried with her husband ia Moor beck churchyard ; Henry lies in the old graveyard on " the hill at Scaibro' ; and of the rest, some are married V ' and settled in the dale, some have emigrated, and one \- is in service. Having got to the end of her domestic ,'relatisns, by.no means to bc treasured by these few brief lines, she branches out in u general way on things ' ' that have been in Moorbeck since she remembers. We go out into the September sunshine, and stand by the garden gate ; every moment I am departing, but stilll don't depart. Ailie points to Penhill, and asks me if I can see the beacon! I cannot; my eyes ???? «re not so young as they have been. " Well, miss," she says, "I remember one night it don't seem so long since to me, though it happened before you were born-Penhill top was all in a lowe. We were expecting Bonaparte and the French ts> land every day, and on the brow of every hill they piled a great heap of sticks and ling to set fire to, so as to alarm the country, you know. We were just going to bed, the fire was out, and the door shut, when we heard somebody run by shouting, ' Penhill's biasing ! Penhill's blazing '. the French are coming !' " You may juBt think what we must have felt. I turned SB cold ats a stone- first, but the lads said, .Keep up your heart, mother; we'll see them all driven into thu sea. Thay'il never get to Moorbeck.' " Then I helped 'em, ¡ind they all started out to go to meet the enemy. All the dale was up ; men a-foot, " men on horseback, and the old Colonel and the Squire amongst 'em. It wes a wet night, and the church bells were going-it was dismal, mind. Well, the * Colonel took his sword, and be heartened th« »ea on, and the* rade and they rade until they got neatly to Northallerton : and then, what do you think ? Why, the French had never landed at all ; it was a haystack on fire that did the mischief, and the beacons were lit for miles away. But the best of it was, that Bessie Heslop, who lived on Penhill, where her hus band was watch, got her bed with the fright, and a finer boy "you never saw ! The old Squire would stand godfather for him,"and gave a fine dinner at the christening. I was godmother, and the bairn was christened Penhill Heslop ; oy, and I sat at table with the gentlefolks, and drank wine with the old Colonel and the Squire too." This is evidently a very proud reminiscence. " These times are different," Ailie goes on solemnly, " there are no such fine assemblies, at the great house now as there were when I was a las«. I remember one night-I lived nursemaid at the Rectory then, and mistress had sent us to bed-I got up and put on my gown, and stole across the paddock into tho pleasure grounds, and up to tho window of tho room where they were dancing. The blinds were not down, and it was dark, I watched ever so long without anybody seeing me : but at last a gentleman and lady came suddenly to the window, and I suppose they must have seen mc-I warrant I looked queer in my nightcap-for she screamed and fell down in a faint, and I heard the gen- tleman cry out, 'The Devil ! ' I didn't stand tobe told to run you may be sure; but got horneas fast as. I could, and then I did laugh. But it got about that a ghost haunted the gardens ; and, if you believe me, the Squire had wooden shutters put to all the low win- dows immediately. I didn't tell, for I should have lost my place." "But aro there ghosts at Moorbeck, Ailie-real ones V' I ask, with interest; for if there is one thing I relish more than another, it is a ghost story. Ailie is a rather enlightened character, but she ndmits that the_ old grange, where the colonel once lived, anti which was burnt down two years ago, had a very bad name. " Tho servants would not stay one while," she saye; " and even tho family did not like it. You see the old Colonel had done a wrong thing in leaving it as he did, and so people talked. There were footsteps tramping about at night, and sometimes a great bigh would be heard, though nothing could bc seen ; it came and sighed over them as they lay in bed, I have heard tho girls tell, and then something was sure to happen. And before any of the family was going to die, there was always thc noise of shutting down a coffin heard, followed by several people going down the great stair- case, slow and heavy, as if they carried a burden. Thot happened before tho old Colonel died, and the nurse told mo herself, when I was streaking him for his collin. He was n grim- looking corpse, with his thick grey moustaches, and his black brows. I've laid out I can't tell how many of that family ; there was the Colonel's wife, and Miäs Eleanor, who died of a waste -sho was a beautiful girl, and aa good as she was bonnie ; then there was that sad scapegrace, Master Everard, and the little boy ; the old Colonel outlived 'em all, and was as bitter as aloes always. Ho got his ntphew, Richard, to live with him when ull the rest were gone, but I dare tay he honied him almost to death. Richard married a great lady for his wife, and so the old man was pleased and left the estate to him, instead of to his elder brother's family, who ixpect>.d it; so tho two sots quarrelled. Then Bichard and his wife went abroad, and the house was let to Sir John Grafton, lt was while he had it, and just before his youngest daughter was married, that it was burnt down j all her wedding clothes were burnt, and as it happened nt night, thc girls escaped in their night-gowns, and took refuge at the Squirt's. Miss Louisa was married from there a month after. There are a many people who say they saw the old Colonel walking about the house when it was burning, and that at the last he went ciT like a pillar of blue flame. I say my- self that spirits no doubt there were, but they were in the cellar, and as they wete not got out they made a fine low, as spirits always do." " I am afraid you are right, Ailie, and that we can- not lay claim to a genuine ghost at Moorbeck, after all." " i'll tell you, mtEB, what I once saw my own self," Ailie recommences, laying an emphatic forefinger on my hand. " It wis when my husband waa took ÍOT death, and I had to fetch the doctor from Harston. Nothing would serve him but seeing Doctor Linley -he thought a vast of Dr. Linley. It was a misty October night, and I set off across the fields-it is three miles from Moorbeck to Marston. The dootor had been called out, but they promised to eend him as soon as he came back; and as I was in a great fenr for poor Willie, I didn't wait to see him. Well, I had got just by the stile in the river closes, when I saw a light before me. It danced up and down in the mist like a live thing, but I said my prayers, and it kept going on and on, till 1 got out in the road, and then I missed it. Now, that's true, miss." " Ailie, it was a will-o'-the-wisp, a marsh-light." " No, mus, it was a solemn warning ; Willie died that day was a week." The old woman was firm in her own superstition, sc I made no further attempt to vanquish it. " You've been over the ruins of the Percies' castle down yonder, miss ?" "Yee." " Well, a light hsunts them such as I saw-I've seen it often." " The ruins are not far from the marshy ground bj the river, Ailie." "What does that matter? And ever sinci I can remember, the folks have said there ii a buried treasure watched by a raven. Pen bill Hislop's father actually dug for it, bu' he only fcund some old coins, and rings, and bones and the Squire was mightily put about that the ground should have been disturbed ; for it seemt Heslop had dug in the chapel. There is an old stone coffin that they use aa a trough-you've seer it?" ¡ "Yes." i " I don't credit the talk of treasures and chest! and what not, myself," Ailie adds, with- s-jrene dig ; nity, to which I reply that , auch reporta are Ueuallj unfounded. " They ere, miss-they are. Have you been t< Scarthneck, miss ?" '* Yes, Ailie ; a.couple of months since." " There was a strange thing happened there osee it wa« to the squire's- father.- You remember, miss that long steep bill that goes down from the moor int« the valley ?" . I nod acquiescence. And you remember the low wood that covers thi high alopj on the right hand side?" " Yes, perfectly." " Well, one evening at dark, the Squire's father am the old Colonel were coming on horseback up the hil _where they had been to I don't know ; but, how ever, Mr. Langdale had) B great tum of mone; with him ; they were talking and going slowly, when just as they got to the brow, two men rushed cut am seized Mr. Langdale's horse-one at the head, and th other at the tail. They never touched the Colonel whose horse took fright and started off. Well, wha they wanted was the money, but the old Squire WAI tough and strong in the arm. They tried to drag hin from his howe, but it was a high-mettled thinfr, am kicked and plunged until it shook both the villain off. They fired after the old gentleman, but he go clear and galloped away. He overtook the Colone soon, and they made good haste home, you ma; think. The next day, nothing would serve them, bu they would go and look at the place, for the Squir wes sure one of the men had been hurt ; and, afte looking about in the wood a little while, they found grave dug, which had been got ready for Mr. Langdal no doubt. Both the Squire and the Colonel had thei suspicions about one man, but for the other they coul not fix on anybody. Well, they went homeagaii and that evening there came a woman to the gret house to beg a drop of brandy for her husband, wh was taken with a bad fit of colic, They were dec« people as any at Moorbeck, and, of course, the wife gt some brandy, and went home. All at once a fane took the Squire, and he said to his wife that he woul just walk up the village and see the poor man. He di not knock at the door, but walked straight into tl kitchen, and there, talking with the wife, he saw tl fellow he suspected of having been one of those wi set upon him at Scarthneck. They seemed qui begone, and would not let him go into tl bedroom where the man lay ill, for ever so lon¡ but the Squire was determined, and, at last,, he got i the bed where the miserable wretch waa twisting aboi in pain. He cried out when he saw Mr. Langdal for the old gentleman was a magistrate, and beside his conscience pricked him hard. The Squire talk« to bim a bit, until the others seemed off their guar and then he whispered, ' don't you think it was n horse gave you your fit of colic ?' He had not a wo¡ to say then, and he confessed it was. He died th same night, the other man waa transported. "I did not think you had had any such wick people in all the dale, Ailie." " Oh ! mies, I think human nature is much of muchness all the world over. There are beth goi and bad in the country as well as in the town. "You keep up the old customs here, Ailie, dot you ?" : "Soma of them, mitt. Hate you' heard any body'* banna published in church since, you earner No j I don't thinkyou will, for they most needs have a license now. Wei), in my time, after we had been asked in churoh the third time, the old clerk sung out4 God speed 'em well 1 ' and when I wu mar- ried his boy asked for my garter, and he got a fine white ribbon. Then the first Sunday Willie ind me went to church nf.er we were wed they sang that psalm about olive branches-I daresay you know it end alwuya after a funeral they have dirges when the relations come to church. They don't do it in London, miss, do thty ?" " No, Ailie-at least I think not, but I never was there to see." " And I haven't either, and I think I never shall now. But I walked seven end twenty miles one day this summer to see a son of mine that wtm ill at Leeds. There isn't many going on for eighty could do that, miss." " Indeed, Aili?, I could not do it myself. " I dare say you could, mias, if need were that you should. You aro small and light, lik9 me, but then, to be sure, we have had different bringings-up. I am always well if I cen get out of doors ; for I've been used to a deal of walking. It is only lately that tho mail-cart has como through Moorbeck, and left the bag at my door. I had to go to the corner of the road, near the bridge, which is a good mile eft", every morn- ing, rain or shine, to wait till the mail went by, and then I had A round of six or seven miles more to deliver the letters." " All for five pounds n-yoar, Ailie ?" " No, miss, it was twenty then ; and I'll assuro you I was main well off with it. But alterations were made : a post was set up at Alanby, and they only left me five pounds,-tho other goes to the postmaster there ; and maybe he hen not above a dj zen letters a month, while I've always, when tho Squire's family ¡3 at home BS many as forty near, or fifty, sometimes." " That seems too bad, Ailie." " There is a deal of things too bad in this world, miss, that we have to bide. You're young yet ; you don't know. How do you like your place, miss : This question is confidential." " Very woll, Ailie ; I am quite contented." " That's lucky, I am sure. But it must bo dull for you at Moorbeck, isn't it, now ?" " No, Ailie, I'm never dull ; I have a kitten." " A kitten-oh ! yes ; we all know your white kitten, with its red necklace ; but you would not get a beau if you were to stop herc for twenty years." I laugh, and say it docs not matter, and I do not care ; a profession which tho old woman scouts as utterly ridiculous and false. Then she bids mc be of good heart, end never despair, for who knows what may happen, for I can't be so very, very old, after all. "Not much over thirty," I tell her, smiling. " You thirty ! Nay, that you're not; I'll not credit it. You're twenty-two, maybe." " I am grey-headed, Ailie, and shall never seo old maid's corner again." " Old mnids-I never could bide oíd maids. Don't you be one, whatever you are. Grey hairs ero honourable, but old maids are abominable !" " Then, the two together-the grey old maid-will be just tolerable." " Nay, I don't agree to that." A lurching country lad comes to the gate with a loosely-tied newspaper, and pushes it into the slit of tho letter-box. " You'll never get that in, lad. Just go into the house and bring tho tongs to pull it out again." While the youth drags his newspaper out of the élit, Ailie tells me that she always puts tho pokt-r down, lest auy letters should havo stuck, which is often the case. I wonder what is thc state of my cor- respondence when it reaches the hands to which it is addressed. The intrusion of the boy with thc paper bss broken tho thread of our discourse* so in earnest I say I must really go. " Well, miss, thank you, It is very good of you to come and talk (?) to an old woman. Bless me, if there is not your kitten !" I turn round and see my snowball Charlie hastily descending the orchard wall. He comes, and is duly petted and admitred. " The gamekeepers will shoot him," Ailie ohserves. " No, they won't ; I introduced hin. formally, and they promised not, and to let him out cf traps, if he was caught." " I lay you're fond af him, miss ?" " Very ; he is so compassionable. He lies on the table watching me write, and sometimes he walks over the paper, and acts aa very bad blotting-paper. We are great friends, Charlie and 1." "Some people don't like cats." " Then I pity them. Good- bye, Ailie." I take my little cat in my arms. Ailie calls after me that she is afraid it ta a bad sign, as I taunter up the hill. Midway I encounter a group of small children going home from school. They curtsey reverently before my face ; but when they have got past I hear a little laugh, and one says : "lt's her cat ; she gave our Tom sixpence for getting it out of a tree." At the turn to the gates I come suddenly on a group of young people--my pupils and some or their friends. . " " Miss Lee and her cat, of course : ugly-Charlie horrible Charlie!" cries the owner of a fat terrier, which is pussy's sworn foe. " You have had him out for a walk. I wonder what you will db next ?" ctics the amiable Amelia, " I shall roll a ball on the lawn for him to tim after ;" and I go and do it defiantly. So ends my half-holiday. I recommend every governess to have a pet ; it gives her a feeling of independence, and fills up spare moments when she would be likely to mope, and fancy herself miserable. I think the affection of even u kitten worth having. 