Tfi Stra or Sr. PCcnrttORiiR: P~roto'S 3Mo rve-.Thoase lho imnginetbat Peter chose tit srite without cnnsideratio., or beceoa ho had derised his onlt uleas ofea aty from Ams teobm, with ewhich, during his residince ihre 1 had become familiar, form a too narrow estimate of that coarse but vigorous enius. is ombitien rose far byo d the csuntry of which he found himself the master and far bryoris 5be day in wh~ich Its ciproted Slirce. lIe placed bhforoe hitolf the mlp of the wonrld; he saw that E?urope Asia, and AnerCis, conrvecre tosarls the _fortt Pole, sad that Russ.i rtuatcld on the point ehtr theirmeridiats meet, appeared :o be their deotined mistress. I e formed th, psrpoca of irasing this assumed ioteotion of the Creator into a fact by successive conquess,to give to his people th posssion of three wsords, and by the opeing of rivers, canals, ntd car vansM, to form the remotest regions into a snigle state. With such anu idea before im, the pmsition of St.Petersbuhrg s well chosen ialthough for the purposes of ordinary life nothing could mell be worse. There they tremble upon a gnoat subterrnean se ro!ling. tody.' as ! hare heard it grophically said, Stosinhthto the marsh, like a stag~c-ghost through a trap-door," with a climte so dos tsrctive to buiilingo that the glittering ca terior which we hovejuta surveyrd has to be teasod everyn sutmmer at eoortrous cost, .th a noeitdsourhood so dillienlt of drinnrge thatno food can be raised wrvithout increcldible labour, and in the forests of which (as I can ttify, from hasing obtained and sent home tbeheead ofone of ithem) the aolves stU prownl; and, aboe all, wihth ta possibililv suspended oar them of a complete submer?g'ee beneath the surrounding watacas; for arhesnier it shall hiappen that a powerful West saiad shall blow dursing the foctnitht that asitneoss the n'akingsr up ol the lee, the tideof the Gulf of Finland wil meet the tide of Lake Iadoga, ol, rising together, they will roll over the rito, (no part of which s fiflen faet ahboey ta iorlinar lcvel,)when its palaces, monu ects, and temples, together with the 400,000 to-ls which constitute its population, wil ra-erince a fate not loss terrible than that of lfcrsianaeum and Pompeii.-Gurney's Even ing ierecatiots. Aascr OnG t.-it oust tell the Last esca padeof .lire Grey, the impostor, of whom to much profitablhe gosip has been talk-ed. She is in gaol at Stafford, and a very amiable and excellent lady of rank in the county, who had. perhaps, better hawe conquered her c?ariiy, mado a party to hicit the amusing culprit. Alice hod been foresarnrl, nad immediately prepared a coup. As Lady Ih. eaterd, mlis Grey threr hrself foraed, as ifsbout to embrace her, eclaiming, " Iy mother!" Then. reeotliag, she adressil Ibe hardly flattered lad, who, theby reas eheeesdingtly hnlamtoe." t o no, not my dear mother. D lut yOu ree o like her that, for the momcnt--butCorcuse me. ot, lindreedo," she added, nmilig, "that yon have the qeaenly pr?ene. the romanding asirof my adored mother,but your features strongly resemble hers. anfe- this there ws not much to he taid andt the grea t ladies cut their visit rather hert.--Cotrespoudecn ofthe Irrwnems Cou rier. A Nr-w T nrn ia .rsas-Tbe neecesity of p3yinga rot on do-ofrom the romnecamenart ofthe present yeLras led to the destruction of a great number of these animal in Pario, and prinelipsly by drowning them in the eine. A number of persons have engag ed in the ocrupation of getting out th dJsad boiles ad boiling them down, in order to er tract the fat. hich is employed ain the pr paratlon of hid tlos saverin e;pcially of straw colouredlony, andtis sold at the rate of 2 fianes, 50i cats, the milog. At 7olcleaLr 5140 dog havebeen declsrerd, anli it cx peered that .ie000 tirns, a year willred i ad in that town by the ltan; andd at Stre nem si 7, producinognetly 0i,0 .0 franhs, a year. \--Galig~nan. Enrxe.*rAfteor tomo Sreede Pas i-res? at rsn BsLi.--A letter from Cotarstinopla irtm han eplasatioan ofthe intedrul v~it of the Sultrn to Loth Strtford de Ilodeiifth which is not without interest e," Ont'oe 29th Lord. Redelifis a:,ssmbled at a grat! disnir at the English EabasIy all th e membes who opompahe ho conf-ceneo entrusted wi:h the task ofdiics.ning the eoacesons e oskc d fer from the Porte in fl , t r of the Christian popsulations of Turker. On leaving the dinner table, the onfpiunce held a sitting, and con tinued together until a ate hour ot igh. The rand fotern has approavedl of sl the conessions made by the liaistero, and the Sultanhas pcomisedhisanction foeartin.e only out o the 2t gave r:.s to .any ser·iolL obsarestions on the part of the MinistCrs, sad h?s rotret ben EIa~lly adopted. It is one which o ldy oegard the Tucs who wil be by ' itl hlly permitted to chsg.e their relion and .mbhroee Christtianity. objeat, oM were made io that course, but the English Ambta-aso r remained etm. and enre-sted himself in such nwnyoownouldlcsve no doubt as to wiat he ,€sresolved to have. Tie qucestion, placed on thin gtotd, may be attecmed with sriouas coans.suncnm, and noonce can even nae aoy positivelryhowitwillbsettledL Theconufr core, in frce, broke up withaut coming to sn y ronclsion on the point, The 3Iini-ter, fwi-l ing dissatisfied at the manre in whish Lord Stratford do Redeliffe treated them at the conference, had neatr mude up thre miod not to attend tIe fancy ball woicr? wa.s1oataire place in the evenIna of the 31St, at th Enbg fish Emlar. The noble lord, being infor med of their intention, at onae devisedt a means of defeating it, and that was to invite the Sultan to honour thefete with his prns cnea. Accoolrigly bhin lordship r t to .th palacern the momig of the 3051. wtrhout tao n mayofithe olinisters of hisinten:tin liefounl the Sultanatonesad at once in vitd ltin H~ighnesLs, alleging in support of bin reouest that the Emperor of the French had Lately-beenprcsenrt at a ball gien by Lord Co-leeratPr~ is. The Sultantsken thusaun auoc, ould notrecfuse,and so he wrill be premant for thefiasttime, rithallhis Ilisitrrs at a finry ball, to which he a? the last to be invited. After thin precedent His Iiglhans wi also, perhaps, honour rith his preesace another boll to be given by the French Am hassalor in a fee days." Tun Se'jaro at a BLt.a-Oa Thursdy last,, the 3tet January, the rumour spreadi allat once that the Sultan would attend trh bat costume at the Englishembssy. It seem edscarcly credible tha the surcessor of rthe Caliphs, the apiritual madtempnIheador fthe triahomelanrelgion, wouldlgo tosec polbns and wahlcs pet'oremed-yetso'it .was. Early in the nfteruooa the ,arrow" mam sotreet of Perabore an unomsnly recited aspect; numm oens of people had taken up their position in the neibouhnd o; be Embay b witnes the Sultan's prassge. The Torkishdiitaiesh rn weteall to in preunt on his arrval, were enocumbering the strees with their ihoro sand carriages. An English gsuadoof honour. com Theof detachmerts of Guards and oigh adeith hebandof thre st egient of the Germane theo at their head, marched up to the rnsond of military mnusic, and linred the approachba of the Palace. At8 o'clock a re lighted on the heights abovre the Imperial Palace ofTcherans, followed by a siteo of artillcnr fronm !lta Seroa, vw s the sigsnt that the Sultan ha left his palace. A little hbefore nine he arrived ut the gate of the 12th Lancers and a gpurd of honour compoased of Blritish officers of nlt arms. Athis epproach the teoopsphow lined the outer courtyard pre sented arms, and the hand streck up the Siltan's march, and (odswethdeQuttn The Coast itself was illominated by nusrumers lampi, and adorned wih teessnreairT, which, however owing Is the bIshts of wiadl, were only partially oucceseful. At thetrleat etairece,~ whirl oo cr9owdedl u\ith d~ ef the allie carthic and TUrhi-h digiatasies, the Sultls was rtceived by the AmbrAsieir anol Ihis wholeprTronnca. Acrospuieth by them he pssad aseid the cswde oflutats who were already saesasblcd into the ball- ruem. Tlhere an urma-chair eunaraised dars, corcrcl with earpets, ..s pretaeed for 11ns, a' rhicl he was condnetle. Itvicsgat down. with therfepreeantattissof theI Freign Powers on one side and the Turkish disnilaries is atten donce on the other, he hsdaevcaltofthe ladies presented to him. Then the deacing he'aiis which seemed to excite his interest eocsule reshy, and he stood up in order to hs-ye a binre viaeoft chproceedingo. AftcrlooLang on fsr about au hoar he enpresmsed hi desire to be shown into the rcrfeshmoet-room, where he partoo'k of some alight refreshment. Iie intended to return onem moretoihelall-ronsa, but he f-ond alla heat too itensie, so, ofier remeioiteonth~ rafrsslseno-easas fe cease titnn. HhitImperisiltIajrtte totok hi dLepaetse. Tafingc the A::.)2s.s.'lr b;y the lihee', he td eend~d thrs~rse j- sCK rettt~ltstttCd itliteesel~ of the GsnL~a ccri eroi~ictedIr;r tI h~..~: but passed tho si~tl ilsa Iioe-.eLegsiug Iu fis bhottht-in-Lltw, Ahmais si ik a i'aeij. 