"MEASURES NOT MEN.' We arc accused by a friend whose position and intelligence entitle him to respect, of treating some members of Council, particularly Mr Johu Baker and Mr A. Forster, with great personal severity; and it is suggested that we should turn our attention more to the merits or demerits of what is actually done in Council, than to the individuals, who are the actual instigators of the mischiefs there perpetrated, But it can be shown that much difficulty exists in following out at what, at first sight, appears to be whole some advice. In the first place, we utterly despise, repudiate, and condemn the humbug of treating measures apart from the men who pro pound them. In a small community, it is an im possibility to achieve what has never even been attempted in larger political spheres. In Eng land, who ever heard of separating the political course of a Ministry, or an Opposition, from the personal conduct of the active members of either party? If we have knocked Mr Baker off his perch; or drowned Mr Thomas Reynolds in his own decoction of sloe-leaf, or kicked Mr Anthony Forster's breech— of privilege—into next week, have we not been forced by these gentlemen themselves to that rough courser We bore with the great Committee 'long and pa tiently ;—we submitted to six months financial nibbling at poor clerks and poorer policemen, at objections to worsted lace, marked buttons, and all varieties of small cheese-parings; we en dured their driveilings because of a latent belief in 1 their honest intentions ; but when we felt that their efforts were resolutely bent on damaging public and private credit; on proclaiming bank ruptcy where all was solvent; on crippling the Government, and worrying, insulting, and im- | poverishing public servants on the false pleas of insufficient funds and an empty treasury, that treasury being full to repletion, with half a million nearly over all its obligations, when their sombre representations were driving much of the working nerve and sinew we possessed, in sorrow and despair, from our shores. Then, and not till then, as the fatal consequences of such madness fully broke upon us, did we raise our voice, and, by boldly denouncing the origi nators and promoters of these disasters, endeavor to stem the ruinous flood which seemed ready to overwhelm the colouy. How far we have suc ceeded, let the changed aspect of affairs this very day testify; how far we should have failed had we been mealy-mouthed, or treated the public culprits we have designated, with " gentle language and reproaches soft," let the colonists, to whose com mon sense we appealed, and who have so noblv and unanimonsly responded, say. We acknow ledge that the conclusive stroke, the crowning blow was given to these gentlemen, by the manly, temperate, unanswerable exposure of their misrepresentations, from the pen of Sir Richard Macdoxxeet, ; and we only claim the merit of paving the way for that exposure, and clinching the nail, when it was fairly driven home. Mr Baker complains that he has been made the subject of daily obloquy. But, if so—and we have occasionally used his own weapons, or adopted the style of fighting in which he is most expert—are we to blame that he acknowledges himself beaten, and flies from his own dunghill ? Let Mr Baker be assured of this, that no man, who docs not deserve to be politically destroyed, can be ultimately trodden out by the Press, how ever powerful; and let Mr Anthony Forster be likewise satisfied, that no one pretending to, but not possessed of political talent, can be bolstered I up and maintained in a position to which he is unequal, by the command of any dozen of dailv " Pueeeus," bound to endorse, laud, or amplify, i whatever absurdities he may utter in high places. Time lyings all such things to their level with great celerity; and who now will give weight to Mr Baker's phillipics, or read Mr Forster's speeches ? Satisfied, therefore, of the future political non entity of these gentlemen, so far as their power of working evil to the country is concerned, we shall consider it our duty to adhere as far as pos sible to the recommendation of our correspondent so long as the stronger curb is not required. Iu this spirit we feel called upon voluntarily to ex press our regret that the letter signed " Umphd bi/s Ghost" should have inadvertently been admitted into the Times of yesterday morning. It alludes to matters, we are informed, for we have no personal knowledge of them, in which not a shadow of blame can be attached to M Baker. The facts furnished by " Brandy Car' tificates" are conclusive on this point; anil if we do not turn the tables on the author of these in- j sinuations, it is because it does not appear to be necessary in exculpating .Mr Baker, to recriminate so severely, on another, who, after all, may not be the offending pnrty, To Mr Forster we have but one word to say, in charity almost. It is that where he publicly con tradicts his statement that the appendix to Sir Richard Macdoxxeel's Memorandum consisted of letters from Government Clerks and officials, and publicly acknowledges that statement to be false. We shall be ready to hail his return to the path of honest politics and treat him as we have done Mr John Baker. 