SYNOD OF THE DIOCESE OF ADELAIDE. On Tuesday morning, at half-past 11 o'clock, the clerjry of the Diocese and the lay representatives of the various congregations assembled at Trinity Church, where the Communion Service was read and' the Holv Sacrament it me i.oru s supper was aammisierea oy me mgai, iererend the Lord Dishop, assisted by tile Very Reverend lames Farrell, A.M., Dean of Adelaide. The members of tHe Synod then adjourned to the Chapter House, arid the 'roll was called ofcr bj 3!r. lartley; Registrar of the Diocese. Present — The Lord Jishop of Adelaide, the Very Rev. Dean Farrell, ths lev. Messrs. Marryat, Woodoock. Russell, Strong, Jayfield, Miller, Packhard. Jenkins, Titherington, Joambs, Fulford, Andrews, Farr; Messrs'. Tomkinson, ?iveash, Light, MacDormott, MJ/.C., Wooldf idgc, Wick iUed, Gjodc, Acraman. N. Blyth, Bailey, Dolman, Major iVarburt/ro, Cobbrtt, A. Blyth, M.L-C, Alfad Hardy, Deneb, Sanders, Gilbert, Stocks, Hammond. Penfold, Duncan, Lennard, R. B. Andrews, Capt. Freeling, Babbage, and Major O'Hilloran. Mr. Wickstced, in the absence or Mr. Brauthwaite, icted as Secretary. The Lobd Bishop read the following address :— 'It is not without sincere thankfiilneis to Almighty 3od that I this day meet the Church reprcsentativa of this Diocese,«nd welcome around me, together with my reverend brethren, so large and respectable a body of duly elected Synodsmen. At such a moment it were un gracious to complain of the antagonism and opposition which followed on the attempt made Ia3t year to restore the ancient andlawfulorganization of the United Church of England and Ireland in this Diocese. It could hard be expected that the revival of Diocesan Synods, so lonu disused— the elements, powers, and duties of which were to be gathered from Scripture, compared irith early ecel! Biastical usage— would fall to excite the fear'i and doubts of some, the jealousy and suspicion of others, apprcheu sive of consequences whercunto such matters might grow. By many it could hardly be believed that thosimplo object was to replace, by ' compact' among the members of our Church, that power of self regulation which, in the moth'et Church, had been provided by tho common and statute ecclesiastical law, as well as better to provide for the maintenance and extension of our religious ordi nances, by tewing together into closer fellowship the various congregations of ocr Chnrch. The anxieties, however, thus awakened were overruled to good, by causing a more general aud searching examination of the points at isiue, rasulting, in the end, in a_ more settled conviction ofthe propriety ofthe conclusions arrived at; and when, at length, it was seen that the head of ths Executive, himself a Churchman, and descended from distinguished members of the Church, as well as the respected head of thj law, the Senior Judge of this colony, expressed their approval of the regulations adopted, from that moment opposition ceased, contention died away, and the minds of clergy as well as laity were set at liberty to pursue such objects of religious interest as tended most to advance the spiritual welfare of their respective congregations. The late Easter Vcstriw were accordingly disting'uislied by a peaceful and friendly spirit, the result of which is seen in this large and influ ential mcetm? of lav reriresentatives. 'It would, however, be to take a low ana laise view ot ;he true end of such synodal meetings if the mere tran iiction of ecclesiastical business, the raising of funds, )r the maintenance of discipline, were considered to be ;heir highest aud holiest purpose. It is not so. The nutual encouragement thus afforded, both to the clergy rad laity, the sehso of individual res ponsibili'y brought Home by prominence of position iu the Church, the feeling of brotherhood in the Gospel of Christ, the inter change of sentiment between clergy and laity, and the better acquaintance with the ministry, by the people, plainly indicate the real objects of such occasional meetings; besides the ditfusion of valuable information, the furtherance of general Church measures, and the re moval of mistaken or erroneous impressions. They cul tivate, in short, thcChureh feeling ofbrotherly union and BO-opcration, as opposed to isolated, selfish, individual religion. ' I now proceed to lay before you the statistics of our Church in tabular form, so far as I have been able to ascertain them. Xot that they give a complete view of onr actual state or prognss; but are chiefly valuable as showing the enorm us dcBdency of pastoral care and public ordinances umlar which the members of our Church in the bush continue to labour. I earnestly pray God that the view thus exhibited may stimulate every member of our Church who values the salvation ofhiaoivn soul and that of his brethren to bo up and doing in the causa of our Lord's Gospel and Kingdom, so far as his individual instrumentality can further them. The decree has gono f jrth— ' Henceforth the Church shall, under the blessing of God, grow by the zeal of its own members;' Be lieving then as we do in the providence and care ofthe Great Head of the Chuieh, let us accept it without re pining, and let us pray that it may be said of each one or Ilis servants as it was saW of Himself, 'The zeal ofthine houso hath even consumed me.' Were this sentiment .ampcu upon our ncans uy uic spin, ui uuu, wuuuuum loubt ihat 'so mightily as grew the Word of God and pro ailed' in the apostolic age, in like manner would it grow a these latter days, not by State aid unwillingly con cded,.but by the faith, self-denial, and almsgiving of ts members. ' 1. CniiRCH AcconMoniTiox.— There arc thirty-six ilaces in which Divine -worship is ctlebrated according o our Liturgy every Lord's Day, exclusive of the Gaol he Stockade, and Hospital, where services are also Bup )lied by ministers of our Church. In these houses of iraycr there is accommodation for 6,500 persons, and littlngs let 3,314, or little more than one-half. T:ii3, lowevcr, does not represent the total sum collected by roluntary contribution in our Church ; Or though the utting ? are mostly ltt for £1 e.iL-h, yet whenever the sum :o raised is inadequate to maintain a minister, a Stipend Fund ha3 been raised in addition, while the fees paid ou iccount of occasional services are not inconsiderable; to winch must also be added the offertory alms, and the usual monthlr collections for the expenses of the lihurehes. Tha total sum rai-cd within the year for building3, stipends, and the maintenance of Bivi:i« worship, cannot much have fallen short of £13,000. According to the last census the number of persons nominally belonging to the Church of England exceeded 53,000, scattered through tha bush, unrcnehed as yet by missionary clergy. There Is evidently l:irge scope for our exertion to bring them within reach of the ministry of the Word and Sacraments. The number of those actually known to have communicated is 'SO, but this falls short of the true number of those in full communion, seeing? that Cur presbyters are too few to oiler this Sacra ment to numbers wild live far from towns and places of worship. '2. Occastoxal Derr.— That the clergy have, in manv instv.i«cs, much occasional duty during thj week, ?wili'bc sufficiently apparent from the number of burial*, ?123; baptisms, about 1,127 ; marriages, 4i9 ; confirmed, 231; Sunday scholars, 1,915 ; besides the churching of women. And these numbers would bo considerably, enlarged were the bush divided into convenient mis sionary circuits, over which itinerating clergy could be placed. Preparatory to such » treasure I visited last year tho Mount Gambicr and Mount Kcmarkible district* ; Mr. Ibbctson, the ststions northward of MDuut Aiden, as far as the Pound ; Mr. Wood, from tho mouth of the WakeOeld to Crystal Brook; Mr. 1'arr. Clare ami Mount Remarkable ; and not long since Messrs. Wood cock and Strickland made a piitoral vi-jitalijn of thy valleys of the Lisrht and the Gilbert. '3. CrecncH Bpildisos.— During tho year 13^(5 tliu nave of Ohristchurcbi North Adelaide, was extended; St. Luke's Church built, aa well as Ct. Mary'u, WcoJ ville; St. Jude's, Brighton, and St. Jude'^Port Eliiot, at an expense of not less than £7,0)0— of which marc than £2,000, spent ou Woodville Church, was the muni ficent contribution of one sinzl-j individual. Trinity Schoolroom also was doubled in size, a:ul already, in 1856, St. Paul's, near Itindmarsh- squarc, is rising horn its foundations, the first stone having been laid exactly two months after the opening and con secration of St. Luke's. Ihc Church at Norwood, 1 understand, is likely to be shortly commenced, a::d there is a prospect also of others being built at Glen Os mond, Payneham, and Campbe Howri, whenever the legal luestions of site and trust-deeds are arranged. At Yan kalilla, also, funds are in hand for the like purpose. With re^rd to Glen Oimond, I regret to state that the building of a church has been been delayed by legal pro ceedings between Mr. O. Gilles and the trustees, of whom the officiating minister is one, having reference to the proposed site. This unhappy result bears out the decision of the Synod with r.spect to excluding from local trus teeship of bis own Church ths incamb:nt minister, and evinced the wisdom yf the 'Compact' by which such improprieties will in future \h prevented. A model trust-deed for the Diocese at lar^e, not com pulsory on any party to adopt, yet embodying the pro visions for the management of parochial churches which are most approved, and the incorporation by ordinance of Diocesan trustees, to hold and manage eoclesisstic.il property, would be, 1 believe, eminently useful, and save a vast deal of needless expense and trouble. But though in the immediate vicinity of Adelaide where the popuh lation ia large there ia a satisfactory progr.ss in church building, the wants ofthe bush are neither fully under stood, nor have measures yet been devisid whereby th ?« wants may be supplied. This brings me to the conside ration of the 4\. I»CrjIBS-'CT A!T3 MISSIONARY SrSISJIS. — It W.1S natural that the members and minister's of onr Church, who had always enjoyed the beneli s of the parochial system established for'ages in England thauld endeavour 10 reproduco that system in this colony. In Adelaide itself no one, I think, will question its applicability and the advantages which it secures ; but it is otherwise among the scattered scttisrs in the bush. Few in num ber comparatively, and thore widely gesttercdj they are unable to provide adequately for a resident incumbent minister, ner has sufR.ient care yet been taken to secure an endowment which would supply the deficiency. ' It cannot surely be expected that for a p.-osperous community like this the mother-country should supply stipends to the clergy who minister among u.*, as well as provide outfit and passage. If the emigrant poor of England claim suoh spiritual assistance during the pro cess of settling in these colonies, it cannot extend to maintaining a settled incumbent ministry. To open fresh missions, to visit the settlers in the far bull, to send out the itinerating ruissionary who shall preach the Word ofGod instant inseasjn and out of season, tliis, in a young colony; we may lairlyclaim from tho Mother Church. But as time goes on even these home mis sions should be undertaken by the colonial dioceses them selves. We must therefore endeavour to raise a 'general Church Fund throughout our ecclesiastical parishes to aid the formation of missionary districts, and in biinjsins out experienced clergymen to undertake this difficult sphere of ministerial duty. It is good foriu to bo thus constraiued to exert ourselves, for there is no vitalitr iu tliat religion which does not look beyond its okh iiimcdiato spiritual wants. 'The congregation which is satisfied with provicmr for its own minister and church ordinances has yet to learn the first principle of Christian love 'Thoashalt love thy neighbour an thyself;' and will assuredly, fro:n the grudging spirit which it cherishes within itself, fail to fulfil ?adequately even tha: its own admitted duty. H'-nce, iudeedj arises the value of all missionary effort, proporlTeocalli-d. It draws out evangelical affection towards those who can make us no return. It is au effort of d'siutercsted love— the love for God opening out in love for man ; and they who most cultivate ruch feelings will be the last to 'grow weary in well doing' for the House of God or the ministry of the Word among themselves. Even the depth of poverty may thus be made to redound to the riches of Christian liberality. ' If, indeed, the incumbencysystem is to bo carried out, viz., placing a resident minister in a fixed spot, charsed with the enreof joulsimmediately arounil.and ministering on the Lord's Day to thorn only, it is obvious that in populous places alone, where tho members or our Chun h are congregated in sufficient numbers to maintain a minister, can wa hope to establish cong.-cgati 'ns. Tl o scattered residents in the bush are far beyond the reach of such a ministry; aud the natural consequence has been that they have attached themselves to other bodies of Christian?, whose lay preachers and missionary cir cuits have brought the Word wi bin their reach. Are we satisfied, I ask, to let this state of thing3 continue? Are we content to own that we cannot provi e thi brs.-vl of life for those of onr own house ? Or, dare we say in tho presence of God, that we will not »how forth our love forllimbv loving our brother aa ourselves? It ia not true that the settlers in the bush can accomplish this oiijoct for tbemselvts. Combination ii required, consultation, agencv, effort, trouble, information, advice, authority. Years roll on while population is increasing and children grow up with little or no religious instruc tion, with no hahit of public worship, until religious in terest is lost, and men cease to cue for their souls. Ig norance, the parent of superstition, succeeds, and then in tha place of an orderly God-fearing population, we tot oftm in iuxtBDositton ths extomes of eodle.=s dissipa tion and fanatical teal, dividing on tho Sabsath Day, bnt in very different proportions, a population not really thoush nominally Christian. . - ? 'The proper remedy for this is the extension of the missionary system. The whole of the inhabited part of tho diocese should be divided into missionary district*, with a clergyman in priest'* orders licensed to itinerate in each; hii stipend giiarantccd for a given time from the general Church Fund, and. the people among whom he ministers iuvitoi to contribute fur ; his permanent ?ettlement and mauileu.-uiw. ? Choosing out tho chief places of concourso he would otfL'tate on the Lord's Day ' where moJt codWasiomlile; ana~ci-point on week day evenings service* for tha inorv scattered and retired set tlers. With su h a paitoral system in force, it would o?t be found difficult to engaga experienced educated Christian laymen to assist the curate in! maintaining livine offices during the occasional absences; and thus lie habit of assembling together for worship and of im iarting instruction in the Sunday sc'nool wonld ba offf c ually maintained with manifold blessing to all who thus ngaged iu the Lord'i work. ' 1 may observe, however, that the discipline of the episcopal Church requires that such laymen should be ecommended by the minister having the cure of souls, ind beiifg found duly, qualified, should be formally icensed by the Bishop. Lay agency thus applied has ilready been found of great value and efficiency. _ With heso two . systems, the incumbent and missionary nini3try, at work, we should reach each class of settlers a a new colony— those who dwell together in towns, and ;hoso who make their abode in the country. '5. StTPPLT op Cisrgy. — It is obvious' that this plan 'equircsanimmediate addition to thenumberof ourelergy, ind that such clerg/ should be men of God, able, expe rienced, and devout. The most serious question for the Church .in this Diocese at present is, how such a ministry nay bg provided and maintained. It is the uniyers.il ind most correct feeling that they who minister in the :ongregation should not only be, like Barnabas, ' good na- n, full ofthe Holy Ghost aud.of faith,' but in general iducation, scriptural leading, habits, and manners of life shiul'I be su^n as their heirers might look up to m'th unfii.'iitd respect. I might justly point to one whom God in His wise providence has thought fit to take [fom amongst us, perhaps to make us feel more ccately the vtHtfe' of those ministerial qualifications which hs so Dminently possessed. In him were united a clear and cultivated intellect, a pure and spiritual mind, combined with a knowledge of men dn& pjactical judgment ran ly found united, ifweaddto thc3e grace? a rotinedtasto and gentlcmanlv bearing, we make up the portrait of a clergyman such as the Church of England lo?cs to honour, and is often times permitted to produce. The sense of our loss in his removal, with the hand of death apparently upon him, is still too acute to make it necessary for me to do more than point to Ilia fJastoral and general influence as placiug in the clearest light what are the clergy which we need. May the Lord of the Vineyard multiply and send forth many such into this poTtion of His Vineyard ; for in one single twelvemonth the scanty number of our clergy was reduced by four, two of whom tfefe removed citliar by death OT sickness', one by a sense of filial obli gation, and the remaining one by voluntary emigration tjXew Zealand. ' It is matter of congratulation,- however, under such cirecmstance=, that none of our services have been dis continued, none of our churches closed. The opportune return of oar valued friend: the Doan on the day follow ing that which witnessed tlie regretted departure of the Revs. E. and A. Burnett ; the admission of the Messrs. Neville and Strickland to the DeacCnate enabled' me to make arrangements whereby Divine service at Willunga, Noarlunga, and Mitcham wcro continued; and at the same time a new mission opened, comprising the valleys of the Gilbert r.nd the Light. The liberal and zealous interest for a long time taken in this object by Mr. James Masters pointed out his residence as the starting-point fortho missionary'.-; labour.s; and from that centre, with the blessing of God, may spring up cou greg tioiw at the Kapunda and Hamilton, calling, in due time?, for resident incumbent ministers of their own. I am happy, tlien, to hare it in my power to announce to you that tlic Home Missionary s; stem of our Church in this Dioce=c is begun, to bo hereafter, I trust, fully developed. 0\. THEOLOGICAL SICDIXI3 AHD UATECHIST3.— Ill connection with the supply of Divine scrvicca, I ought not to forget the assistance afforded by the occasional employment of the theological students attached to Hie Collfljiate School, probationers for holy orders. They have 'been thas practically instructed in the duties o'f their future calling, and already, as it were, separated from secular pursuits. '7. HoirosABT Lay Readers. — Another, not le»§ important, and in some rcspcet3 oven more effective aid has been rendered by experienced Christian laymen, who have offered themselves willingly to read the Liturgy of the Church, with a word of exhortation, among the set tiers of the rural districts. The usefulness of such ministrations depends altogethsr upon the character, comistency, education, social position, and personal influence of those who have undertaken it. Recom mended by and placed under the direction of the minister of the district, as well as examined and licensed by the Bishop, they have rendered, at Salisbury, the Dry Creek, and Eulield, essential service to the members of our Church; and have prepared the way for a settled pas torate as soon aa the goo-l Providence of God shall send to us tha fitting p3Hou to occupy this important cure. Having witnessed the working of this lay agency for a period of three years, I think it as expedient'tbr a neivly settled country, aa I deem it to be scripturally lawful. Such ' helps' to Ihi orda tied minister, if wisely selected, tend at once to bring out the sacred character of tho Christian layman, as well as give wider range to the pa» toral influence of the ' elder* who labours in the Word. I hare also lately learnt from the Bishop of Melbourne that such a system hiis been recommended by high eec'.e lasucai auiuoricy at nome. ' 8. Ciicbcii Ju.vd.— The future supply of clergy, as roll as pressing demand at this time for a missionary nimstry, forces on me ths cousidcratioa of ways and ueiins by which they are to be provided. It seems quite br^otten by those old colonists and more recent settlers rho complain that no clergyman of the Clmrch of Eng a:id ministers to them, that they themselves aie in lome measure to blame. They have not contribHteJ, ior taken any step towards contributing, to defray the ixpense of bringing out one single clergyman of the 23 low ministering under me in this colony. At a modc ?ate avenge it costs £ WO to place a clergyman perma lcntly in residence amongst hi-j congregation, if even ;lien -he can be supported by them without extraneous issistancc. The greater part ofthe existing clergy have -ccu sent out at the expense of the Mother Church. I a:u lot aware that one shilling has been used for tliis purpose roin money contributed by the colonists. It is time .hi-y should understand thi', and learn that tho supply if means from Knjrland is rapidly coming to an end. I liavc lo.lucd thcro'a turn of £ JO!) for the outfit and pas sage of four clergymen to the colony. When that is ex hausted it will romain for our own people to contribute fur this purpose. Meanwhile, to show the necessity of raising a general Church Fund under the control of Synod, how, I would ask, are the firit expenses of a cler iryraan on landing to be paid; his subsistence, lodging, tlic duty and [cartage of his gojds, to say nothing ofthe pos«ible incidents of sickness and the expense of his journey to tho scene of hw future labours? It required £50 to forward the present incumbent minister to Koo rinsn, with bis family and baggage. If, then, my pro posal be adopted to extend our home missionary opera tions throughout the inhabited parts of the colony, it c.mnot be accomplished without a general Church Fund to defray the preliminary expenses. For this purpose 1 hope that each city and rural parish, after providing for their own minister, may be willing to contribute through the medium of a local association collecting subscrip tions, or after an aunu.il sermon, or by devoting ttie offertory of one or more Sundays to this special purpose. ' The' following districts my be named as requiring at this time the settlement of a missionary clergyman : — '1. Salisbury district,- extending from Dry Creek to Smith's Creek. ' 2. The Gilbert and Dirty Light. '3: Kapunda and Truro. '1. Lyndoch Valley and Pewsey Vale. '5. WestNarricn, extending northwards from Clare to Port Augusta. '6. East Nairien, at present visited by the clergyman of Kooringa. 'On the South— ' 1. l'enola and Mofijuito Plains. ' 2. Mount Ganlbier and Oniehen Daj'i ' -. TliJ Bremer and 1/jwcr ilurray. '?i. Yankalilla and Myponga. ' It would bi dosiriblc also to divide the district of Xoarlunga and Williuiga. Part Willung.i, Aiding*, and Maclaren Vale contain a population more than suffi cient tc crapicv thi! sedulous attention of a single cler -man. '9. Collegiate School.— Connected with the supply of future clergy, it is impossible to pass over in silence the Collegiate School, as the destined nursery of a future colonial ministry. It was with this view that tha So ciety for' Promoting Christian Knowl-dge originally voted £2,000 towards the establishment of a grammar school, with which should be Connected four theological students. I need hardly remind the Synod how the liberality of W. Allen, Esq., has fostered and is still fostering this dosigii, by preparing commodious accom modation for such students, ai well as excellent dormi tories for not less than GJ boarders, besides separate room3 for the second and third masters. To this insti tution I look with the greatest possible interest, and pray God that He may bo direct and bieas it aa to make it a means in His hand for raising up a devout and educated ministry in time to come. ' 10. EuiXATioy.— And here, in connection with the Collegiate School, I cannot but notice the present state of public education in this province, and tho causes why it is languid and ineffective. ' In my opinion— I may say in the opinion of the wisest and best men of the existing generation— instruction is not education, nov is education right without religious teaching. ' Religious teaching to be real and earnest must be definite'. JSo teacher latitudinarian in principle or com promhing iu tendency can win the confidence or fix the principles of truth-loving youth. Tongue-tied teaching cin never warm with a generous enthusiasm. Abstract, notienal objective truth it may, so far as permitted by State rcirutoions, duiy impart ; but there Will be no labour of love, ii?ca2?u no spirit of love ia iu the matter. This it is which is the bane of all attempted compre hensive S ate religious education. To bo comprehensive is to be vague, and to be vague is to be cold. W'here children ur lids are 'gathered together in one honschold, the altar of u»itcd worship must be raised up: the teacher must sj.eik sa one having authority. The college or the school must not reproduce the -idle contentiousness of the marketplace of Athens. Ths division of tho Christian— yea, of tUe l'rotestant world, are sufficiently humiliating and gaiicitn'ly injurious without stereotyping them before ths eyis of yautb, and setting up within the precincts of the same court authorized teachers of distinct and cinflieting systems. Such an advance, however, rowan's comprehension as is consistent with definite rolig.ous worship and teatmiug was made by throwing open the day-sihool to all of every denomina tion who will conform to the rules of the institution; nay, more, by granting leave of absence ou tho Lord's Day to all sueli boarj-. rsas'prefer other modes of worihip to that carried on in the chapel of the ColU'ge. 'Such a system may be unpopular.but itis uot tmsound. Adopted from conviction as at once most consistent with truth andjS^'.iuiuc liberality. yon citrum imhr pravajulentium .Xfonvultitsinstanlutgranni, '?' shall shake, please God, from its foundation ' Having been all my life more or less connected with school and university life in England, it can hardly be sup posed that I am unfamiliar with the various schemes of national and university education, which have been under dUcuscion for the last 30 years. Some 25 years ago, as a resident tutor of Oxford, I was in favour of ad mitting Dissenters to the benefit of tho educational sjstcm there pursued, but without infringing upon the 'collegiate discipline and religious instruction required by statutes. The plau has since boon adopted, namely, to throw open the University as outinct from tho Col leges, so far as its educational honours and benefits were concerned; retaining at tha same time its essential con nection with the Church of England in its legislative privileges and executive government. ' It \i confessed by many and deplored' in secret that tlie Government system of education as regards ' moral training1 founded oa the Christian religion' is a failure. The cause 1 beliove I have truly indicated above. Ministers of rolWon generally have felt, as honest men, that they could not heartily co-operate with a system by which they were tongue-tied in expounding Scripture. I deprecated such a system on its first pro posal ; I deprecate it still. The trial has been made aad it has been found wanting. I am prepared, there fore, to initiate and co-operate in a movement for building and maintaining, in connection with each of our congregations a school in which religion shall be taught according to the views and principles of -the Church of Eugland, and where the clergyman shall not be deemed an unauthorized intruder when he would feed the lambs of Christ and labour in the Word and Doc trine. - '11. Sc-'dav-Sciiool3.— Meanwhile I commend to your earnest, hearty, and prayerful co-operation tha parochial Sunday-schools in connection with our con gregations. I know no more cheering sight than to behold, on tha Lord's Day, young and old assembled to study together the marvels of God's Word. To the ex tension and perfection of this system we tre called upon more esDedallv to look, since oral religions instruction i3 all but shut out from the State day-ssbool. J. or do I think we shall gain anything in ths clearness or efficiency of the instruction imparted in pur Sunday-schools by attempted union in this matter with other communities, with which, so long as we believe in the scriptural cha racter of our Church discipline, we have not and cannot have principles in common. I would earnestly recom mend to all who «npifrc in this work a close and patient study of the Articles of our Church, as well as of its his tory— a course of proceeding which through grace would inculcate loyalty to her without intolerance, and grateful reverence withont sectarian bigotry. ' 12. School Tuxd.— ir the Home Missionary scheme a' bve propored be followed out, it will obviously be ne ««Esarrtr- build smalt cottage lecture-rooms in different harale'is which may be used for religious worship as well as for Sunday or day school;. The advantage of euch a building at ilmtaro, given by the liberality of Messrs Brows and 3. Gilbert, is toe well-known to require fur ther'argunient. I shall be prepared, therefore, to propose i grant from the Leigh Fund to meet any contributions placed at the disposal of the Synod by private individuals for such p'arp jse. There seems also no reason why the ivell-qtttliSei schoolmaster might not pass through the probationary course of a catcchist, aud so be admhtsd to holy orders of deacon without proceeding to priesthood. In country places even in England: snen a' system has been found useful, and it is peculiarly well suited to the exigencies of a newly-settled colony. ' 13. Missions to the Hbathkit. — I am well awaro that in proposing these plans to you I am but eirgaged in raising the scaffolding by which we hope to build up the spiritual temple of Christ, and make apeople prepared for the Lord. I know that one may plaut, and another may water, but that it ii the prerogative of God to give the'increase. We may daub the wall with untempered mortar, whose fall will come suddenly at a moment. Wo may cover with a covering, but not of God's spirit, and then vital warmth will not be diffused through the body of Christ; Therefore, it is that I would, in the last place, call your serious attention to one great sin of omission of which this Dioecsaa Church has been guilty — I mean with respect to missionary effort towards the heathen. With regard to the natives of this country, the failure of all previous attempts, whether in New South Wales, Victoria, or Western Australia, and here also up to the date of the Poonindie Mission, lei even its well- wishers to be all but hopeless ofthe Archdeacon's success. I do not think that that feeling prevails now. But even if the legal claims' of the aborigines on tho Laud Fund Revenue had been fully acknowledged by the State, and grants made sufficient to_ maintain that and other like industrial inilittitions, still it would be well for us to cherish in oar hearts u kindly regard for our brethren of a darker skii. Inde pendent altogether of their physical comforts, there are many ways in which their religious welfare might be advarieea by out contributions as individuals. The stipend of Ihu Missionary Archdeacon Hale is to be wholly provided from missionary subscriptions. He is not paid by the State, la contributing, then, towards this mission, we may taaie tfie sweetness of that disin ter jsted love which joys to save a soul from death, and hides the multitude of sin3. This, then,- should be the first object of missionary association. ' 1-i, Australasian Boabd op Missions. — The rem nant, also, ofthe same race is largely scattered over the islands bordering upon the eastern shores of this great island continent. These islands are within the limits of tha Diocese of New Zealand, a Suffragan Bishop of tlie Metropolitan Province of Sydney. Twice that devoted and intrepid Bishop has visited thit interesting chain strckhin' north- westward from New Zealand towards New Guinea. To aid him iu thi3 adventurous and apostolic labour tlie Australasian Board of Missions was constituted at Sydney in 1850. Tho Dioceses of Sydney and Newcastle then contributed above £1,200 towards the purchase of a missionary ship, to bear the glad tidings of salvation to those beuiarhted children of nature. At that time all other suffragan dioceses were invited to eo-oper'.ite with the Board. A succession, however, of trials from Within and from without have hitherto impeded this co-operation amongst ourselves. I seize, however, this auspicious moment, when this Diocesan Church enjoys unwonted peace and unity in itself, to p'aee the whole subject of missionary effort before you; and I believe it will draw down the blessing of God on us, if we signalize our revived Bynodal organiza tion by taking up the mis-ion work properly so called. ne sttouid also thus marK our respect ior our new Metropolilan,5Dr. Barker, by connecting ourselves for mally with the Board of Australasian Missions, of which ae i3 the President. Whatever contribution may be raised by missionary sermons throughout tho churches night- either be wholly or in part given to our own Pooiiindic mission, or one moiety to it and the other to the Uoird at Svdney. It is not the amount, but the principle— it is not the result, but the sympathy— which Joes good to the mission-loving Christian. He is watere'l because he waters others.' His fresh springs are in Christ, and thus tho love of Christ bcL%' shed ibroad in his heart through caring for the heathen, ' he loves his own also unto the end ;' and that so much the more, because ho hrs widened the circle of his affections, and carried out his kindly feelings towards those for whom Christ died, whom God has made of one blood with us, and who ore entitled, as much as ourselves, to wash in that fountain which tho second Adam lias opened for sin and unclcanness— His own most prcciom blood— the redemption-price of our fallon, corrupt, and common humanity. 'It remains only for the representatives of those parishes which have not formally accepted tlie ' Com pact' to affix, on behalf of such parishes, their signatures to that document; and that the clergy on their part shonld ratify and complete their assent to it, already given, by resigning their existing licences into the hands of the Kcgistrar of the Diocese, and receiving from him others, according to the form, and with the stipulations agreed on in Synod.' His DouDsnif took occasion to mention, in the course of his ad ;ress. tlist numbers of rorsous were in the habit at varijus churches ol using always the same seats witn out cither paying for them or in any other way contri buting towards the current expenses. BErORT OF THE STANDING COMMITTEE. The Rev. Mr. Woodcock read the report cf the Standing Committee, as follows : — ' Owing to the continuance of tha session of Synod till July last, the labours of the Committee have been com paratively light, and may, therefore, be briefly reported. ' 1. The Synod appointed a Committee of its body to enquire into the causes that led to the decrease of tho Pastoral Aid Fund, and to consider and offer suggestions upon t he quest ion of its appropriation. ' 2. The subject of extending the ordinances of the Church throughout the rural and thinly-peopled portions of the Diocese has^cngaged the Committee's earnest at tention. Convinced that the incumbency system has, in many instances, been prematurely adopted, they would strongly recommend that in future, for the most part, Church extension should, in the first instnucc, proceed oti the missionary principle. Acting, in conjunction with tho Lord Bishop, on this principle, the Committee have bean cnablcl to establish a mission, embracing the Hundreds of 'Tilbcrt, Light, and Kapunda, of which the missionary's head-quurters will, for the present, be Tivcrton. The Rev. F. Strickland has been licensed by the UUhop to this mission. '3. In addition to these missions or missionary cir cuits, a plan has been adopted and partially acted upon for paying occasional visits to the more remote portions of tlie colony. The Lord Bishop, the Kev. G. II. Farr, and the Ucv. W, Wood have made tours through the north-western districts ; and the Rev. D. E. H. Ibbotson has visited the north-eastern as far as the Pound. It is hoped that these occasional visits of a clergjman will lead to the permanent settlement of a missionary in the several districts. Tho Kev. W. J. Woodcock, too, has visited the ueivly-forme-l mission of Gilbert, Light, and Kapunda. ' -1. The statement of the Treasurer, as compared wiln that of previous years, shows a considerable falling off, ih some districts, in i ubscriptious to the general Church Fund. This the Committee, however, are led to believe, does not arise from any loss of interest on the part of members of the Church in the impoi tint objects of the fund, but partly from want of collectors, as we 1 as from the fact of no missionaries hafing b^en, till lately, ob tainable for the remote r.iid thinly-populatei portions of the Diocese, and, in many instinc;-, t- increased local efforts for the support ofthe ministry and other objects.' Mr. WlCKSiiiED, tho Treasurer, Kid the casU account. DECLABATIOX OF HKKUE113HIP. The Eegistbae of tub Diocese produced the decla ration of Church membership, wbi ;h was signed by such ol tha Syiiodsmen as had not previously attached thcirnames, ELECTION OF OFFICERS. A ballot wa3 taken for the officers for the ensuing year, Messrs. Hammond and Wooldridge acting as scrutineers. The result was that Messrs. MacDjrmott and Wicksteed wc:c unanimously re- electel Treasurers, and the following gentlemen appointed upon the Stand clergymen — ine very usv. me uciu; nm ivcv. Messrs. Marryat, Eussell, Woodcock, Farr, Schoiles, and Laymen— Messrs. MacDermott, Wickstecd, N. Blyth, Tomkinson, Wooldridge, Gilbert, Duncan, Hammond, Frecling, Cobbett, Goodc.StOt-ks, Acraman, and Fiveash. REPLY TO THE ADDRESS. Mr. Seville Blyiii moved — ' That the consideration of a reply to His Lordship's address, in a Committee of the whole House, be the first order of the day lor Wednesday, the 30th April.' Seconded by Mr. Stocks. This motion was carried, after some discussion, and after the rejection of a proposed amendment. NOTICES 01' MOTION. By the Kov. Mr. Kusskli. — ' That a Committee bo appointed to collect informa tion respecting the present state of education iu the Diocese, and to mako recommendations thereupon to Synod.' By the Rev. Mr. Pakb— ' That the Standing Committee be empowered to pre pare a Trust-deed for holding property given to Dio cesan uses, aud to servo as n model local Trust-deed where the local trustees choose to adopt it.' Tlie Synod adjourned to Wednesday (this morning), at 1 1 o'clock. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 