MORETON BAY. [From our correspondent.] Brisbane, February 19th Another candidate besides Mr. Henry Buckley is now in the field for the representation of the Stanley Boroughs. The new aspirant for legislative honours is Mr. F. A. Forbes. He has carried on business in the town of Ipswich for several years, is a native of the colony, and comes forward in reply to the requisition of a numerous body of electors. Mr. Forbes' address is a very indifferent effort viewed in a literary point of view, but otherwise it is cast in what may be considered, even in the these times of " progress," a liberal mould. Neither of the addresses issued by the two candidates who have yet come forward is at all satisfactory, and the public are now becoming fully alive to the folly and absurdity, if notes' in col dishonesty, of any portion of the electors binding themselves hand and foot to vote for men before even the latter had given a public exposition of their political opinions, or before they (the requisitionists) could be assured that better men might not come forward to claim their suffrages. Of such time subserviency as this all classes of people, electors and non- electors, have just cause of complaint. Mr. Buckley's address has been objected to as being vague and indefinite on many material points and I think the objection is made on good grounds. He is an example of a class of men who often rise into temporary political favour with the public, although it would be difficult to discover " the reason why." Of course, if no other candidate comes forward, there will be no contest for the boroughs ; but, independent of other rumours, I hear, on something like good authority, that Mr. John Richardson, the present member, intends again to present himself to the electors. If such be his intention, he must excuse me for saying that he is very slow in carrying it into execution, and that his cause cannot fail to be greatly injured by the delay. There is no candidate publicly in the field for the representation of the county of Stanley and as I have formerly stated, there is little use or profit in noticing the almost daily rumours that arise on the subject. On Wednesday last a meeting of landowners and inhabitants residing in the vicinity of Breakfast Creek was held at the ruins of the bridge, whose downfall I announced in my last. A committee was appointed to obtain by lease or purchase a punt, as being the readiest means of securing a safe transit over the creek, and also to solicit subscriptions from the public generally. The sum of £500 from the loan of £20,000, contracted for the making and repairing of roads and bridges, was set apart for the bridge across Breakfast Creek, and I should think the public will be chary of subscribing until they know that this sum is forthcoming. In addition to the barque Gazehound, daily expected from London, we are informed that a ship, now building, to be named the Brisbane, will leave the same place for this port in July next, in time for the first of next year's wool, and that the Brisbane will be followed by a third vessel, to be called the Ipswich. I see from the Herald that the " Ghost of Cook has been called up by some remarks which I made in reference to the natural vegetation of the Australian coasts. My authority was, as I stated, the work pub - lished by the natural ist who accompanied Captain Blackwood in his surveying voyages of the coasts of Australia and New Guinea, and who dwells at length on the singular fact that the mainland of Australia should be found so completely destitute of the rich and useful vegetation characteristic of the South Sea Islands, and of those of the Indian Archipelago. He may have thought that a few wild banana trees formed no exception to the general accuracy of his descrip- too, seeing that the cocoanut, palm, and the bread-fruit tree, not to mention others, were wanting ; but the expressions he uses would certainly imply that not so much as even a stunted banana plant had been met with throughout the whole extent of coast surveyed. He dec cribes the whole com region from Sydney to Cape York as presenting a dreary uniformity of vegetation, and as being destitute of any native vegetable or fruit capable of being turned to culinary account. It was not, he says, until they made the islands to the eastward of Cape York that they met with the rich vegetation peculiar to the Aus'ra lasian tropics, but of which the whole tropical coast of New Holland is entirely destitute. I was entitled to consider the authority I referred to both a recent and a good one, and anything that is advanced by " The Ghost of Cook does not certainly substantially re- fute it His charges against me of confounding Dunk Island in Rockingham Bay with other islands, and of misquoting from the historian of Kennedy's expedition, only show that he had not read my remarks with attention. The islands I alluded to were those mentioned by Mr. Jukes as lying beyond Cape York, and Carron's work I have not met with, and of course could not misquote it. I have not, where I write, the means of referring to the former gentleman's production, but so far as my memory serves me, I believe that I have not misrepresented its contents. This querulous " Ghost" also calls me to account for stating that the crew of the Reindeer discovered a river running into Rockingham Bay. The term may have been used inadvertently, but still it is not clear that any one of the rivers and creeks alluded to by this ghostly critic was identical with that met with by the Reindeer crew. This objection raised by the .' ghost" is however too trite to dwell upon. It is a pity, by the-bye, while revisiting the glimpses of the moon, that he did not inform us whether he was pleased with the proposal of calling our future colony by his honoured name. He demands, with very questionable taste I must say, and with no modesty at all, when a monument is to be erected to his memory ; but I should have thought that the bestowal of his name upon a nation destined to become, if we can place any faith in our local prophets, one of the greatest that ever appeared on the earth, ought to satisfy even the most craving ambition. There is, besides, the further territorial honour of the County of Cook," greatly enhanced st it it from the fact that the county is represented in the Legislature by that great statesman, Mr. James Martin. Surely, all this ought to hand down his name handsomely to posterity, and ought to be quite as acceptable as a statue of bronze or marble, which it evidently the more vulgar kind of memorial hinted at. Mr. T. H. Hood, the present member, has again offered his services to the electors of Clarence and Darling Downs. His address is sensible and well written. The contest will lie between him and Mr. Clark Irving if no other candidate present himself, which is not now probable. I alluded in my last to a murderous attack made by the blacks on the station of Messrs. Elliott, and that one of these gentlemen had received several spear wounds. I am sorry to say that a report has reached this place that Mr. Elliott had died of his wounds. The remarks I made on this melancholy case, I beg distinctly to state were intended to counteract the monstrous doctrine that had been avowed by a portion of the press here, that fatal occurrences of this kind ought to repress all effort to civilize or evangelise the blacks, and were by no means intended as an excuse for the Government withholding that protection to life and property which the settlers of the out- lying districts in common with other inhabitants of the colony have a right to look for, but which on each unjustifiable grounds has been refused them. I sometime ago stated my conviction that that protection could be best supplied by means of a Native Police force properly officered and posted. Instead of increasing the amount of protection, however, by this means, which could have been very easily done to any extent, the very inadequate force previously in existence has been reduced, on economic grounds, to so very small a numerical amount as to be next to useless. I see from the shipping news in the Ucrali that the Shamrock had made a very quick passage hence to Sydney during last trip, having arrived on the Friday. The barque Bonnie Doon arrived from Sydney yesterday evening. I hear that the Cesar Goddefroy, from Hamburgh, with German immigrants is at anchor at the River bar. The river steamer Breadalbane is to commence running regularly between Brisbane and Ipswich to-morrow. There is no local news. The weather is fine and warm, and although there is no very pressing want of rain, still a portion of the superabundant moisture with which you appear to have been visited in Sydney would have been acceptable. Mr. W. A Duncan, Sub-Collector of Customs here, has just issued a pamphlet of twenty-four pages, entitled "A Plea for the New South Wales Consti- tution." Mr. Duncan appears to think that unless with a nominated Upper House, what is complacently called the aristocratic element in the Government will be altogether ignored. Those who write thus,' forget that what they term the aristocracy will be repre- I seated to a considerable extent even in the Lower House. The author maintains that the present constitution is in all essential respects a copy of the British, but A house of Nominees bears no resemblance to any element in the constitution of the parent land that I can discover, Doubted the pamphlet will fall into your hands. ' 