MARYBOROUGH. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) 30th June. 1856. in conformity with an advertisement in the Mount Alexander Mail, a political meeting was held at the Golden Age Hotel on the evening of the 28th inst. The following gentlemen were on the platform Messrs. Wheeler, M.L.C. ; Pendergast, Smythe, Aspinall, John Armstrong, and M'Donogh. Soon after eight o'clock a goodly assemblage of the residents in the immediate neighborhood were assembled, as well as several gentlemen from a distance. Mr. D. W. virtue was called to the chair. Mr. Prendergast, barrister, proposed the first resolution, to the effect that the representative for the county of Talbot should be a man of character, unimpeached and unimpeachable. Mr. Wheeler. M.L.C., next addressed the meeting, and in a quiet unostentatious speech informed the electors that he was not It candidate for their votes, but had come from Castlemaine to draw their attention to certain points about which they ought to agree. He considered it highly important that they should elect a man of honesty and integrity, and strongly urged upon the meeting the importance of a municipality to a community like Maryborough and proposed the following resolution ; That it is the opinion of this meeting that the candidates for the representation of Talbot should ple Jj themselves to support municipal Institutions by a dowlngthom with the waste lands of the Crown with- in their respective neighborhoods. . Mr. M'Donogh seconded the above proposi- tion, and suddenly diverging from the subject, amused the audience by a fierce onslaught on all squatters, assailing them first with ridicule, and anathematising them in his usual style, for their attempts to obtain compensa- tion and after relating an incomprehensible anecdote about two Dublin barbers, wound up with an attempt at theatrical effect which. \- forcibly reminded us of the man who does the heavy tragedy business at Greenwich Fair, '- the mountain was severely shaken, but no thing but the ridiculous mouse was visible. Next came Mr. Aspinall-caustic, clever, and declamatory-too young some say, but that's a fault he will grow out of every day ; yet if I might venture a remark on that gentleman's admitted talents. I should say that "those who admire superior intellect must regret, to see its undoubted possesses carried away by his own 'eloquence, confusing the past and the present the things of to-day with those which have jun Bed away and polished eighteen months ago- attacking, even to personality, nil authorities, magistrates, police, and camps in particular, denouncing everything and every- body to an extent in the present day, and in this district, quite uncalled for. Mr. Aspinall showed a determined front in opposition to the system of Government camps at the time of the Ballaarat riots, but is no determined to oppose everything from that time forth for evermore? Has he one opinion for every district? or does he detest Government camps merely because they are camps, and policemen simply because they wear the buttons and blue clothes." A greater display of judgment might have suited him and his occasion better, fie expatiated on the tyranny of the camps-the Government arrayed against the people. He has seen it, no doubt, and so have we but not in Maryborough in the year 1856, where there are not six policemen to array against a thousand of the persecuted diggers" Does he allude to the ghosts of days gone by? or is it clap-trap to win The diggers? If the latter, it failed signally, and will fail : they are not to be | I caught like trout, by tickling. Mr. Aspinall I is great in attack, but must be attack always? will be sigh when there are no more worlds to conquer ? His politics, as far as he has ex- pounded them, appeared tolerably satisfactory to the meeting. The straightforward honesty with which they were spoken out, could not fail to be agreeable to all. The mental capacity of the man is first-rate ; but is he steadying is he eighty-six he good in times of peace as well as avar? But he is not yet a candidate, and perhaps does not intend to be. In reference to the " speech of the evening," we must confess that the learned gentleman's remarks on the " Vagrant Act" astonished not fear. He is doubtless better up in colonial law than we are grant- ing this, we are bound to believe his statement "That the judge who has lately presided at the Carisbrook sessions is liable at any moment to be put in the lock- up, because he leads a migratory life, and has no visible place of abode." The speaker meant no doubt to produce an effect. There is something about " a visible means of support which he entirely omitted to mention, as it would spoil his case. To return to his politics, which he might have elaborated more, and dwelt less in invective against the Government, the magistrates, the commissioners, and their employés. Mr. Aspinall is decidedly opposed to State aid to religion, and in favor of compulsory education. He touched lightly on the tax on gold, with the simple remark that it was bad policy to tax the raw material of the country; ridiculed the Government's loss futile attempt to exclude or impose a poll-tax on the Celestials, but did not state his own opinion as to whether the influx of Chinese was to be stemmed was in favor of placing the land within the reach of all and was most decidedly opposed to com- pensating squatters-" the bastard land aristocracy of the country," comparing their claim to that of the Cornish wreckers of old, who demanded compensation when a light- house was built on their coast, and concluded by moving the following resolution That the representation of Talbot should be on trusted only to a man favorably known to the constituents, who will do justice to the district, and be a credit to the Legislature of the colony. Next followed our old friend John Armstrong, who seconded the resolution, evidently ill at ease, and diffident of obtruding his remarks after the burst' of eloquence he had just heard. Mr. M'Donogh, who never misses an opportunity of hearing himself speak, again found himself on his legs, volunteered a speech about himself, garnished with laudations of Aspinall, plainly giving the meeting to understand that were he not M'Donogh he would be Aspinall, to whom with becoming modesty " he would surrender his feathers, or do as another great man had done before him, lay down his laurels at the feet of superior talent." He then explained what exceedingly useful mon lawyers wore, and in exemplification of this fact, stated that he himself- especially Aspinall-had discovered that the £2000 qualification was all a myth, the result of this grand discovery being, that the electors of Talbot might possibly have the advantage of being represented by them,-" the practical experience (!) of the former, combined with; the talents of the latter being, as the learned speaker informed us, " the only proper cross to be sought in the breed of a representative.' "Warming on his subject, he tried to arouse a little Irish sympathy, by explaining how an Irish Parliament was put down by the bane of foreign oppression, c, and only ceased speaking because the audience would listen to him no longer. Mr. Smythe briefly addressed the meeting, explained away Mr. M'Donogh's won tlerful discovery respecting the no property qualification, regarding it as simply absurd and concluded by reading over the names of committee appointed for the purpose of of drawing up some resolutions embodying the principles to which the electors of Talbot would require their representatives to pledge themselves. It was then voted " That the Chairman do leave the chair, and as a vote of thank was about to be passed to that gentleman the meeting was interrupted by Mr M'Donogh rushing on the platform in a most excited state, and violently; . denouncing the Argus reporter as an evil genius, as well as the author of all the ground that had that night been let loose on his (M'Donogh's) devoted head. On the learned gentleman being somewhat pacified, the meeting separated with three cheers for the Argus reporter, and another groan for M'Donogh. The prevailing remark was that the reign gentlemen, like other provincial star, had had it all their own way, an all the talk to themselves the Aspinall was doubtless very clever, an M'Donogh very angry, but that the elect j. wanted men who knew the district, and well known and trusted. Now, we are real! thankful to these gentlemen of the bar fe wasting their precious time about us, with out any object but our welfare (2). It was kind to us and a good advertisements themselves, particularly Mr. Aspinall, who lost nothing by comparison with his brethren of the bar. I 