THE OAPE. We liavo Cape papers to the 10th of May. The Mercantile-Advertiser of that date observes, in reference to the reported outbreak of CafFres " In the Legislative Council, on the 8th of May, the Colonial Secretary addressing t.hc.Speakei-, said: —" It will doubtless be gratifying to the House to know, and I have his Excellency's authority to state, that the information received from the fron tier by Tuesday's post is most satisfactory, and shows that there is no foundation for the alarming rumors which causcd some anxiety on Monday last. An interesting article appears upon the same subject in the Frontier Times:— " We state at once that we have ever}' reason to believe that no danger of immediate war exists, or is oven apprehended. The season is not that usually chosen by the Caflfre for war. flits lung sickness has not yet visited the country of the Gaikas, and a war, as these people know very well would risk the health of their cattle. There can, however, be no doubt, as wo think, that messengers from Moshosh havp lately been with the Gnika chiefs, nod wo believe that these chiefs have sent messengers to Moshesh, and that a combination of Caftr'e tribes against the white man has been talked about. But this, we dare say, is nothing very new. These tribes, it is perfectly well known, would drive the English iufq the sea if they could, and we believe have always been discussing the cjia|)cus of being able to do so for years past. The Russian war has, however, doubtless of late given an im petus t.p these wishes, and caused them to be re garded as more easy qf attainment, The Cadres liilV? been expocting to sec the troops removed from Call Van'a, andj their doctors have been in flaming the warlike ardor of fhc people by telling them that the ghosts of tiie prophet U mlangem, of Slanible, and other dead chiefs were lighting for the Russians, and had occasioned the reverses of the English in the Crimen. Moshesh, too, knows that his Excellency will have no sympathy with him in an unrighteous quarrel with President ttoshot. and as a commando 'from the Free State has just been sent to punish one of his captains for his de predations, lie (Moshesh) is perhaps trying to for tify his position by endeavoring to bind himself in close alliance with the frontier CafFres, so as to be able to act in concert with them against the white man in South Africa, should an opportunity occur. Wo Jwvi) also heard that several Hottentots have lately been seen in Umhala's poifntry, visiting the kruais, and that one of the sons of this chief has lately visited the station of a Fingo chief, having previously got a pass under some pretence. Caffre servants are also it is said, leaving some parts of the colony, in great numbers. In tlie Queen's Town district, great alarm lias lately been felt, so mucli so indeed as to induce some of the farmers to go inlo lagers. We understand (hat they were under some apprehensions of the Tambookics. But all there, we believe, is perfectly quiet, and (lie Tam bookics, it is said, are embroiled in a quarrel with the Galekas. We repeat our belief that the peace of the country is in no immediate danger of being disturbed ... In CafFreland we are happy that by the latest accounts everything appears tran quil, and that 110 forebodings of an ontbrcak aire felt, as far aswc can learn, by any resident in flint country." 1 