AGRICULTURE. AGRICULTURE. To the People of Victoria, and Our to the Chairman of the Farmers' Committee. - NOtLE PEPLE,-- Have yoa read the letter of 'An Old Cdlonist," upoin the subject of PRO TECTION for the colonial farmer, otherwise imposition upon you? Surely no one but an old, vtRY OLD, colonist, would have had the aldacity to.write such a letter as that., Letter! ft's a bait-a feeler; thrown out by some cats paw, made use of by som' patronising monkey who exoects to hbe Coloial Secretary should he oucceed'in passing the " Bill." Break it from the hook ere it enter your gills, my gallant friends, and live rather to try the pleRaing son a, inn of beine choked by ohleat bread I Why the "' Ol Colonist" must have been re. cently exhumed-protection u Shall the ho nored dust of one of England'sncohlest scatcesmen rise from the tomb, and do for " Old Colonist". what the ghost of Hamlet's father said he couldr do for his horror stricken son,--harrow up hil blood, make his knotted and combined locks to part, and etch particular hair to stand on end like quills upon the fretfil porcupine. In ouch ruins, the "Old Colonist" would be a novel .ight for the farmers of Victoria to look at truly. Fancy the raving horror, made mad by his own reflection (4), rushing from the Basra ho?l Hills to dMolatp oir Otllarine, or,from Bellarine to the Barrabool Hil!s,. yelling "this comes of proeestitn, and there is no one to pro tect me. No; not even the Colonial Secretary before referred to, whose tool and dupe I have been." " Old Colonist" beware, and tell your masters to beware, for by the power that has broken down far mightier barriers than the one you would now be the means of netting np,-the powerful indignatin of a justly incensed people, -you and they (your masters), will meet the fate which you and they, and all like you and they, deserve. What does the man deeervo who would fill his money bags at the expense of the people's bread I Answer it, ye people of Vrc toria, and let " Old Colonist" and those who employ him know what your sense of " protec, tion for the farmer" is., If " Old Colonies" cannot compete with foreign corn growers, let him give up farming to "Young Colonist." If ' Old Colonist" be one of those who helped to raise country lands to twenty-five and thirty. five pounds an acre, and pnrohased at those prices, why let him suffer for it. Surely the pe:ople--TlE sone?EIlO PEOPLE-shall not he call'd upon to pay a tax to recompense nofor tunate-no, "reckless" is the Ietter. word speculators who did so speculate at tire expense of porer men, ahom "Old Colonist" would not have compelled to support the boobies., No more taxes, let us have everythirng as clneap as we can get it, for it has become scientifie that the cheaper a civilised and industrious people can live the happier they are. Shall we retrograde, turn crahs, and go backward into the mud out of which the enlightened statesmen of our glorious England have so recently dragged us ? Never. It is unnecessary to urge any reasons against the proposition of the old f-x with his" nliding scale," they are moral asioms in the mind of ervry rightly taught man,--axioms which old foxey chooses to shelve, for " the LOVo of money is the root of all evil." Youno CototaT. 