KOSSUTH. Whatever difference of opinion inny exist with regard to the character and mission of Kossuth^ there cannot, we should think, be any difference of opinion as to his natural genius and eloquence. We hare occasionally published extracts from the remarkable speeches of the Hungarian exile, and we think our readers will not be indisposed to peruse the following extract, explaining the reason why j he was then making a tour of Great Britain and addressing popular audiences :— " There is something surpassingly touching in my-relations with the British people. When, with my nation, the advanced guard of Liberty had fallen, in conscious self-sacrifice for Europe, that her fedl should hare created an intense in terest is but natural. The moral world has its magnetism, like as physical nature has. Some caH its manifestations conscience—some call them instinct. Call them as you choose, the heart of mankind is its electric chain, often convey ing, in the sparks of a lively sympathy, a pre sentiment of the sad logic of human events. You have had some revelations of that inexo rable logic of events these last two years; and the end is not yet. The earthquake tliat pros trated my country shall have many a sad after vibration in future events. While the emotion of the fall of Hungary was yet fresh, one ray of I the halo of her misfortune alighted on my own humble head, and it gave me a share in the sympathies of the British people—not by my own desert, but for my country's sake. Time, however, went on, fraught with other sorrows, rich in new cares, and men had other things to do than cheer the solitary exile and thunder hurrahs of compassion for Hungary. Thank ful for-the past, I accepted the present , such as it was, and sat silently down in the retired shadow of my own obscurity. And, while thus j sitting, malignity came and exclaimed in derision ; —' Lo! how the object of so many sympathies went down, like a stone in the water!' I have not felt offended at the remark. Time is a merciless disenchanter: it deprives even mis fortune of its poetiy. (Cheers.) The scant out lives thefiowerfora moment after its faded leaves fall to the ground, and the broken chord hangs already loose, when the echo of its dying har mony still vibrates through the air. I had ray share in the scent and in the echo:—what right had I to expect that, in my case, sym pathy should escape the icy fingers of the merci less disenchanter? I had no right to expect it; and when the cares of the father began to accumulate on the patriot's lasting afflictions, I said to the dear companion of my sorrows, ' We have rested our head on Albion's hospi table soil for nearly four years: let us be thank ful for it, and carry our household gods to some distant shores.' Never have I coveted any glory; but the sad glory of Belizar— standing an object, first of commiseration, then of derision for the passer-by—this glory have I dreaded. Had it depended on me, no mortal i man would ever have heard this tale from my lips. Be it fragility, be it virtue—one pride I have, one only in all the recesses of my heart— and that is, that I am man enough to bear my fete whatever it be. I have stood low in the vicissitudes of life. I know what it is to wield power at the head of a gallant nation, amidst dangers of awful historical grandeur; and I know what it is to struggle for the mise rable subsistence of the next day ; but, humble as I am, thus much I dare say—prosperity and power never have dazzled my eyes—ad versity and want never have bent my soul, nor ever shall. I take for my symbol the rock, not melting in the blaze of the tropical sun, not quaking under the fury of the dashing waves. But the mysteries of the sacred domain of my domestic circumstances have oozed out some how; and the noble-minded Walter Savage Landor—(loud cheers)—the Briton with the ancient Roman soul—the venerable old tree, still teeming with rich life—was led by the exuberance of his generous impulses to publish : a certain appeal, which I honour and respect, and feel grateful for, though, consistently with my principles, I feel bound to decline. Upon this, without waiting to know whether I am so presumptuous as to sanction the plea, some malignant remarks of venomous scom happen to be poured on my li?ad—and, lo! the British people's great heart is seen revolting at the iniquity; and the ever-fresh sources cf its j liberal sympathy overflow in generous mani- ! testations, as sweet, as hearty, as general, as if j the merciless disenebanter, Time, never had dimmed the halo my country's honoured name once cast on my undeserving head. There is something sublime in this revelation of a people's great heart. Yours, amongst these ] wide-spread manifestations of sympathy, has a very high claim on my gratitude, for that enamel ol' noble delicacy with which you coloured the pure gold of your liberality. Do you imagine that I do not under- 1 stand the real meaning of your invita tion ? Is it for the very . questionable pleasure of hearing the language of Shakspeare outraged by my jolting accents, that I have been invited ? Certainly not. Is it to hear of principles from me ? Why should you want me to teach you principles ? Or is it instruc tion—eloquence—you come to hear? But there are men by scores in this very hall who can give you a nobler treat of both than in the | brightest moments of my inspirations I could have dreamed to impart. No, no! I under stand the meaning of your invitation perfectly well, and can-only regret that I cannot hope to offer you, in return for your kindness, such satisfaction as you would be well entitled to expect. If my sorrows were but private sorrows —my griet private grief—your generous sym pathy might act on me like as the steel acts on flint, when, with its electrifying contact, it calls forth the sparks that lay hidden within the cold stone. But upon these shoulders here, that begin to bend, the sorrows of a people are weighing. I am a tree, the roots of which are far off within the soil of my native land. Show me a field in this country wherein I could hope efficiently to serve my country, and I shall call from this cold stone those sparks wnich steeled the sinews of my people in crushing one Em peror and braving the power of two. But this is no such occasion. The ice of despotism is not yet melting on the soil of my native land; and, while that ice there remains, the tree here, not dead, but sleeping, is leafless, and blossom less, and dry. To-day I stand before you per forming a plain, honest labourer's work: as such, and nothing more, please to accept me." In May last Kossuth delivered a lecture in Newcastle-upon-Tyne on the recent Concordat between Austria and the Pope, and on Pro testantism in Hungary. The Chairman was Mr. Mather, of South Shields, whose son was, a short time since, so shamefully insulted and maltreated by an Austrian officer. Before pro ceeding to the immediate subject of his lecture, he delivered himself of the following exordium: —" I feel very grateful to you, Mr. Chairman, for the kind and delicate attention which you have showu bj your introductory remarks, giving me time to recover from the deep emo tions which the unexpectedly warm reception I have met with from the people of Newcastle could not fail to impart in my heart. (Ap plause.) When the fall of my poor country was yet fresh before the conscience of mankind, I should have understood those manifestations of sympathy ; but now that that merciless dis enchanter, Time, fraught with great sorrows and events, has dimmed the lustre of my coun try's misfortune, and by depriving it of its novelty has deprived it of its poetry, that I still should meet with such a reception, is a feet which cannot fail to impress my heart with deep emotions, which I scarcely can find words to express. (Leud cheers.) And, besides, there are several circumstances to increase the interest which I feel in this my first intercourse with the people of Newcastle. Sir, allow me, before all, to thank you for coming to take the chair on the present occasion. Let your mo desty not take offence. I know your noble benevolence and comprehensive liberality, but really it must have cost you some resignation to consent to act this part, because it must be painful to your feelings to be reminded even of the existence of Austria. (Laughter and ap plause.)—[M. Kossuth was here alluding to the brutal conduct of an Austrian officer, a few years ago, to a son of the Chairman.]—I can not help reminding you of it. Wherever I rise before an assembly like this, the bloody appa rition of Austrian tyranny must rise by my side. (Loud applause.) Wherever a cbeer of sympathy salutes the poor Hungarian exile, the curse of Austria finds an echo. (Loud ap plause.) Whoever blesses me curses Austria; and whoever looks on me must think of Austria. I, the ghost of Banquo—Austria, the Macbeth—thus do we stand before you. (Ap plause.) Sir, there is au affinity in our mutual circumstances. I have had to grapple with the House of Austria. It has been the Goliah in power, and I the poor shepherd boy; but, . strong in justice and right, I have grappled with the Goliali, I have laid him low, I have trampled upon him, and laid his power in the duBt, and sent him to the footstool of the Czar, there to mendicate aid—to howl, * Help me, or I sink.' (Loud and prolonged applause.) You know, Sir, and all present know, what fury he has displayed against my magnanimous nation. It was an act of nameless shame —Falstaff stabbing the body of the gallant Percy—(applause)—or the long-eared animal kicking the dying lion. (Renewed applause.) As to my family, he has hunted my wife, the dear companion of my life, sick, broken-hearted, dying as she was—he has hunted her, up hill and down, dale, like aa the hounds hunt the deer. (Sensation.) My faithful servants,"Vrho each of them afforded glorious examples of fidelity in the hour of trial, he has tortured to learn where the poor deer might have sheltered her head; -and be has hunted up my infant children and driven them into his prisons—a boy of five years, a second not yet eight, and a girl six years of age—and has tortured them by long cross- examinations, in the hope that some inadvertent word of the child would betray the mother, and bring his bloodhounds on the scent of the hunted deer. (Sensation, and cries of ' shame.') But the God of mercy has cast his shield over my wife. The humble hut of the village labourer, and the modest cottage of the artisan, became the stronghold of her soeurity; and the noble care of the poor people's great heart was to her what the fabulous ring of the fabled hero, which made Mm invisible, was said to have been to him. She passed unseen through the packs of bloodhounds surrounding her; and, thank God, she is with me—(applause)—and all my children are with me—(applause)— growing and thriving and saved. (Loud applause.) And when the patriot in the long agony of his grief seeks consolation in num bering the heads of his dear ones, not one is | wanting of all his beloved ones. (Loud cheers.) I thank thee, O my God! The worst has been averted by His mercy—let us be thankful for it. But, Sir, I say again, there is an affinity in our sentiments. The band which I tender to you—[M. Kossuth here grasped the Chair man's hand]—is a pledge that if this hand of mine—[here he stretched forth his arm]—is ever allowed to come to a settlement of ac counts with Austria, the recollection of your name, Sir, will weigh in that account. (Loud and prolonged applause.) But, ladies and gentlemen, our worthy Chairman is not the only man in this hall with whom 1 have an affinity of sentiment. I dare say I feel an affinity with you alL (Loud cheering.) I feel as if treading the soil of Newcastle, I were treading congenial ground. (Applause.) In 1819, when, upon the ranks of my noble countrymen, the Czar of Russia was pouring his barbarous legions to complete the destruc tion of Hungary, my people gathered around me to "hear what I might think, and I thus spoke to thcin:—' From this moment the battle we shall have to fight is a battle, not for our freedom alone, but for the independence of Europe; and that battle we have to fight forsaken and alone. To be the liberators or the martyrs of Europe—such is our des tiny. Nations sympathize with us, but aid and assistance we are not to expect from any of them. Those who have the power have not the will; and those who have the will, tram melled by their Governments, have not the power. (Hear, hear.) But let us not be angry with the nations for thus forsaking us. It is their misfortune rather than their fault, i But now, ray people, forsaken as thou art, wilt J thou accept the conscious liberty of self-sacrifice —to vanquish if thou canst, or to die if thou must—for the freedom of Europe ?' And my people uncovered their heads and said, 'We accept t he conscious liberty of self-sacrifice—to vanquish if we can, to die if we must—for the liberty of Europe.' (Great cheering.) I said ' Amen' to their sublime resolve. (Applause.) Well, Sir, we fought and we fell, like as heroic Kars has fallen—not by the arms of the enemy, but by the craft and intrigues of secret diplo macy. (Hear, hear.) Yes, we fell. I went into exile; and, before a free nation here and another across the Atlantic, I held up the bleeding image' of mv poor down-trodden country, as a warning to all those who have their freedom to guard—to all those who are basking in the rays of liberty, whilst the clouds of despotism are rushing onward in the sky. I spoke to them of the unity which exists in the destinies of nations; I told th?.m that one nation crushed is one bulwark of liberty broken—(hear, bear)—that no crime had ever escaped punishment, or ever would; and that to allow Hungary to fall was a fault, and to allow Russia to triumph was a crime. (Hear, hear.) I told them that retributive justice was approaching 'fast; and they asked —' Where ?' I answered, in Turkey. Some four years ago that question was put; and some four years ago I answered it. The inex orable logic of events brought about the first act of that retribution; for England soon after fought, with many sufferings and many sacri fices in blood and money, and last, not least, with a precarious issue. (Hear, heat) It was a grand inomeut in history. The Eternal Dispenser of justice and of right has presented the Governments of Europe with opportunities of sealing the future by the traditions of the past. The first opportunity was that of Poland. That was the first of the three sybilline books. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Then Hungary— that was the second of the three sybilline books. And finally, Turkey, the last of the three sybilline books. But the Governments T^ere heedless of their opportunity. They did not buy the books, and all are burnt. (Hear, hear.) The time may come when high prices may be offered; but all are burnt. Henceforth the nations of the continent will take the settle ment of the future in their own hands. They may be vanquished—theymay fail; but oncthing I know—they mil not compromise. (Applause.) I speak of the Continent, of course:—England is the mistress of her own destinies. (Ap plause.) May wisdom guide her decisions! may her determination be as well chosen as the instinct of her people is sound! (Loud cheering.) Well, during the trying period when the Governments were presented with the last of the three sybilline books, Newcastle was among the most consistent of those in Great Britain who knew well how to appre ciate and value all the sybilline books. New castle has firmly maintained the ground of her better understanding. The time-serving wind of political expediency has whistled around the nation until they have forgotten the three magic words of Roebuck—Poland, Hungary, and Italy. (Hear, hear.) Newcastle saw that war was the inevitable result of Russia inter fering with Turkey, and that the real question at issue could never be brought to a definite solution without those three magic words. Secret diplomacy willed otherwise. Peace is restored, and some rejoice in it. That joy is mixed with some disappointment; but of one thing I am sure, . and that is, that when the second act of expiatory retribution comes, as come it will—when many a patriot will look back with regret on what has been done and what has not been done in our days—Newcastle will always take a noble part in the cause of the patriot for the future, and will have no cause to look back on the past with remorse. (Applause.) And when the time comes that regenerated Europe shall hare to decide her policy towards Eng land, it may be that the recollection of the attitude Newcastle has maintained in our days may serve as a redeeming feature in the act of conciliation about which the England of to-day did not care, although they seemed just and generous and sound. (Hear, and applause.) I have thus explained the affinity between Newcastle and myself. Many a nun has felt in Newcastle as I have felt in my troubles and sorrows. Even in illusion and disenchantment we have had our equal share; and the warm reception I have met this evening entitles me to say that, though illusions have vanished, we still meet here on congenial ground. (Loud cheers.) Let me then, with the familiarity of brotherhood, ask you to listen while the Hun garian father, in the position of an humble English lecturer, performs his honest work— (applause)—for such, and no more, is my ca pacity among you." Extraordinary Sagacity of a Pony.— It has frequently fallen to our lot to record instances of animal sagacity, but we never re member anything more remarkable than the following, which was related to us by an eye witness :—" About 11 o'clock- on the night of the 29th ultimo, as Mr. Henry Carr, of Shaw wood Gardens, and two or three friends, were coming through a field leading from his house to the North-road, their attention was attracted to s pony belonging to Mr. Carr, which came np to them, and on their attempting to stroke it, as they had often done on previous occa sions, it threw np its head, gave several loud snorts, and instantly scampered across the field in the direction of the viaduct, and after pro ceeding some distance returned, and made a similar demonstration, evidently wishing to attract their attention, and then again imme diately ran off. It occurred to the party that there might be something amiss, and they therefore followed the pony, which betrayed evident symptoms of delight, and in a snort time it brought them to the edge of a large pool of water immediately adjoining the via duct, when it again commenced snorting and jumping about. On looking into the water they fancied they saw something on the surface, and also heard a gargling sound as of some one drowning. A man named Coson, of Framwell gate Moor, instantly jumped into the water, and Boon succeeded in bringing oat the appa rently lifeless body of a man, who turned out to be a person named Johnson, a shoemaker, be longing to Sunderland, who was evidently under the influence of liquor, and had probably lost his way and fallen into the pooL Efficient aid was at once rendered, but it was nearly three hours before he showed any signs of life; he, however, eventually recovered. In whatever way the strange conduct of the pony may be accounted for, it is certain that bat for it the unfortunate man would have been drowned.— Durham County Advertiser. 