EUROPEAN INTELLIGENCE. I [FROM OUI! LOX D OX COIHlESrONDENT.] London» 17th June, 1856. NOT WITH STA.» SIN a that the newspaper advices just Drought by the Atia, steamer, from New York, do not positively announce the fact, it seems probable that Mr. Crampton bas been dismissed from the United States. Indeed, he ought to be sent away, if the Pierce Govern- ment hos one spark of that patriotic indignation which they arrogate to themselves. To with- draw from that ' demand which they made on Lord Clarendon, and plead guilty to the charge of " bunkum," would he to seal their speedy downfall. . Therefore it is, why we anticipate a measure whose bare threat has been exceed- ingly irritating to this country. Within the last few weeks, the idea has grown up that Mr. Crampton's dismissal is connected simply and entirely with the enlistment question. For our parts, we believe no such thing. "Wo have a suspicion that it arises from a. higgledy piggledy of personal and national considera- tions- and that the most unimportant ingre- dients in the whole mass is " offended national honour." It requires no ghost to tell us that, as thc United States have grown up ia wealth and importance, ao has there grown up a tendency to \- magnify these several points, -which between the two countries require a settlement. Tho | history of tba last five and twenty yoaT» abounds in illustrations of this. Public men have, on at least half-a-dozen separate occasions, professed to discern the probabilities of war ; and so " ticklish" has been the relationship at times', that considerable commercial disorganization has resulted therefrom, just as is beginning to be felt at thc present time. What relative value, for instance, existed between the merits of the ilaioo boundary question and the portentous results that were so much dreaded? What proportion between thc importance of the "Oregon dispute and the surpassing interest of the Ashburton mission ? And so on with thc appendages of the Canadian rebellion. Doubts hare always been turned into disputes, disputes into quarrels, quarrels into serious difficulties. And we have got into another of these difficulties now. It is in some sort thc natural result of intimate' rela- tionship with a nation which carries the idea of her own superiority to the very pinnacle of ab- surdity-which principle is illustrated by the «ase with which it settles public law,-the Monroe doctrine and Pierce's manifesto on dc facto governments to wit. The expansiveness of American prosperity, then, is one cause of the quarrel. But strange as it may appear, what we have 3 tat ed above is capable of demonstra- tion, viz., that ia this enlistment dispute the ostensible cause of quarrel, has, of all things, the slightest reference thereto. First cf all, it was asserted by Mr. Marcy that American law had been broken by carrying on enlistments in America. The reply which Lord Clarendon made to the charge went as neatly through. Afr. Marcy as a minie hüllet. But Jlr.^Iarcy was not killed, he only changed his ground. He retorted that if British agents had not broken the law, they had, at Lord Clarendon's instigation, evaded it, and con- sequently had infringed tho States' sovereignty. And this retort, although alleging a far less tangible ground of offence than that which had so effectually been disposed of, has ever since constituted the stock-in-trade of Yankee blus- terers and British malcontents. We know how thoroughly impracticable thc American cabinet cnn be and is ; and how unwilling to " arrange" matters. The dislike of England's offer of arbi- tration ia the Central American question is the rery latest instance. They must have all or none. There is no neutral ground. Remembering this, therefore, we must bc careful how to allow them to occupy any position, in the hopo that nego- tiation or apology can inducè them to abandon it England is unanimously averse to another war, and with America above all other countries. What mighty interests would bo brought to rt dead stop, upon the firs: shot being fired. In the j-enr 1854, the value of our imports from thc United States W3S £29,795,590. Ia the same year the value of our exports of produce and manufactures was £21,410,369. On ihc American side, half of their whole ex- port trade is sent to England. What suicidal folly would it be to interrupt this mutual bles- sing ! We hope thc British Government will »dopt a resolute a tl Untie. Mr. Crampton has been sent home from Washington, and Mr. Dallas will perhaps receive a hint that his prc ssnce is not necessary in London, and then, pro- bably the sulky fit will cure itself. The citizens of Manchester hive issued an address to tho people of thc United Slates, which has already «ea very numerously signed.- Thc address purposes to have been occasioned by the perilous condition into which tho relations of these two great nations have been thrown by the mistakes or thc misconceptions of the respective Govern- ments. Thc address states:-"Wc believe that much of the dispute that now imperils the peace of the two countries has arisen in mistake, *nd not in design ; and we further believe that * calm and quiet survey of the question will even jet lead to a satisfactory solution of îrery difficulty, and to the removal of every cause of contention and complaint." It concludes thus:-«'We therefore, brethren, implore you to exert your utmost influence with the Govern- ment of tho United State?, in fhvour of this method of averting the calamities of war, assur- ing you, .with all solemnity, that we do the.same, K> the fullest extent of our power, with the Government of her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, and sincerely praying that our mutual iffortï may be attended with complete success." The Scotch miners's strike, thc most cs ten sive «ad bitterly contested which has ever taken pUce ia Scotland» has terminated. When it *?* at its height, a few weeks since, at least *0,QOQ men wera in ft state of voluntary jd I en ens. J«* loss is enormous, and many days must elapse Wore ïhe mining, districts can recover their ^l prosperity. It is calculated that tho .ttrifiee in wages alone amounts to more than &00.000; hut to this must bo added !hc mas tö'1 profit, and the dislocation of business adored by all who depend upon tho coal and Düring trades. Thc men have returned to j«ir work in a very gloomy mood, under a famirjg «naj of what they consider to be in- justice. The parliamentary proceedings have for 'j* moat part been devoid of interest. In *e Commons, on the Oth instant, on the motion «*t the Oath of Abjuration Bill be read a third ""W*- Sir Frederic Thesiger moved an amend the object of which was to obtain tho re ^tttion of ¿he words "on the true faith of a J*ri*tian," which he contended was necessary iJ P'ewrvrf the Christian character of thc Legis '"?i**. On a division, the amendment was fetived by a majority of X69 against 78. On 10th, Mr. Ewart moved for tho appointment * . «elect committee to inquire into tie opcia of the kw imposing the punishment of ^D- The" moti jn was resisted by Govern *!at, aad, on Q division, negatived by 158 against 64. On the 13th Lord Palmerston stated that the American Government expressed itself satisfied with the explanations offered by Lord Clarendon ; but, for reasons stated, it was not equally satisfied with Mr. Cnvmpton's conduct and that of three of our consuls, and the intontion was to give Mr. Crampton his passport, and to withdraw , the exequatur from the consuls. Mr. Crampton , has since arrived in London, and will, we anti- cipate, be sacrificed to the exigencies of the situation, after all the talk of war. M. Dc Lamartine is said to be a ruined man, and to be on the point of emigrating to America. Dr. James Henry Monk, Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol, died on the 6th instant; the deceased prelate was a distinguished classical scholar, and at the age of twenty-five succeeded Dr. Porson as Professor of Greek at tho University of Cambridge. In 1822 Lord Liverpool made him Dean of Peterborough, and in 1830 the Duke of Wellington promoted him to the bishopric of Bristol, with which that of Glou-. cester was afterwards united. Dr. Villiers, re- cently appointed Bishop of Carlisle, will take his seat in the House of Lords, in consequence of the death of Dr. Monk. The new Bishop of Gloucester will not be entitled to a seat until another vacancy occurs. On the 14th' instant, William Palmer,- the Rugeley poisoner, paid the penalty of his crime on the scaffold at Stafford. For some days be- fore meetings had been held with a view of ob- taining a reprieve for the condemned convict, and thc papers teemed with letters intended to , prove his innocence. These morbid movements ' of perverted minds were thc mero remarkable ! because they practically ignored the very Erst principio of English law-a code of jurispru , dence which for the advantage it gives to a pri \ 8oner, and the latitude it affords to the influence '. of reasonable doubt, is perhaps unequalled in thc world. Tho arguments advanced in favour of a reprieve was simply this :-that strychnine was not found in the body of the deceased, and that the prisoner was not seen to administer the poison. Of course, had either of these facts been demonstrated, there would have been an end of the case ; but lt by no means follows that they were necessary to conviction. How many convictions would take place if a witness to the deed were necessary to the verdict ? The utmost'that can be said of the chemical evi- dence is that it was contradictory. One man said that strychnine becamo decomposed in the system, another that it did not. Discarding such evidence altogether, and looking at the case without it, what does the medical evidence say ? It shows that the death of Cook exhi- bited symptoms both in their character, order, and results,, which are inconsistent with all known causes save strychnine. The medical evidence for tkc defence was disgraceful, and was cpmpletelyoverthrownbytheskilful cross-ex- amination of the Attorney-General. Thc defence, moreover, broke down, because they attempted to prove too much. Had they confined them- selves to any one of thc half-dozen theories that they suggested, they might have escaped dis- grace ; but in their efforts to prove that Cook's death was referable to one of the six diseases which are so distinct from each other as thoy are from death by strychnine, they proved in efTect that the science of medicine was a mere farrago of empiricism, and that, necessarily, their own individual existence, at all events, was worthless. Thc.medical evidence for thc Crown was, on the other hand, consistent in itself and unimpeached by the conflicting evidence for the defence. But the case for the prosecution was strong enough to dispense with nine-tenths of its own*medical testimony, and to rest entirely upon the facts proved, and the only reasonable inferences to be drawn from those facts. Our law requires, not a spectator of the deed, but such a mass of circumstantial evidence as re- moves all doubt. Was there any doubt in the minds of the jury or of the judges ? Not a shadow. And is there any sano man-excep- ting of course, Palmer's family and advocate (and their sanity, that is to say, their moral perception in a case of this kind is open to doubt) is there any man who can doubt that William Palmer was John Parson Cook's poùoTier? We believe not; al- though we arc constrained to think there are some persons who have cultivated a morbid sympathy for a man, who was a ruined gimbler, who robbed his friend and dosed him whh anti- mony-who forged the name of his mother to tho extent of many thousands-who compelled his wife to be the instrument of his frauds-who attempted to pass off the vilest shams on many insurance offices, who seduced thc Rugeley Post- master to his ruin, whoso particular friend was "Jerry Smith"-who tampered with the course of justice by bribes of game, if not of money and who laboured under the suspicion of namer ; ous still darker deeds. If ever capitol punish- : ment was a righteous retribution, it was in the 1 case of Palmer-who died, with great firmness declaring to the last that he had been unjustly convicted, and that Cook had noe died from the effects of strychnin", and begging that the body might asaia be exhumed for tua purposes of furtHer examination. Twenty-five thousand persons, from all parts of the country, were présentât the execution. The subject of public and private executions is exciting considerable attention at the present moment. A committee , appointed at thc instance of the Bishop of Oxford, is now j holding its sittings. A step has been taken which has caused much remark, viz , the estab- lishment of Prince Alfred at tho " Royal Lodge," Windsor. Twelve is rather an cariy age at which to require a separate establish- ment, and the precedent is regarded with con- siderable apprehension. Recollections of tho " necessary providions" called for from the ciuutry on behalf of the numerous family of George III. come to mind, and make people feel uneasy. Prince Frederic of Prussia and thc Princess Royal of England arc now seen fre- quently together, and .even at the theatres, so ¡ i that their marriage may be regarded as settled. 1 During the time the young Prince has been in I England he his been the almost constant com- panion of the Dulce of Cambridge. The , Prince's sister, Louisa, will shortly visit this country, and as she is to marry the Regent of B-tden, who is now here, there will 'bo a re- union of lovers at Buckingham Palace. The Regent has nearly finished a grand tour of tho manufacturing districts and the lions of this country that are ordinarily visited by foreigners. Tho question of a dowry for the Princess Reyal wiil Boon bc agitated, but thc co uni ry ia indis- posed to sanction any heavy grant, especially as tho Princess will some day, probably, be Qutcn cf Prursia. The French papers during tho week, hive been ''occupied with the very serious di-asteis caused by recent inundations. The Iocs of pro- perty is great, and hundreds of families have ticen, in a measure, ruined by this calamity. Large Bums will, no doubt, bc contributed by the Frauen Government, and the Emperor, who hus dispU) ed great activity and courage in visiting the ss mc of lh; ¡nun dat ii ns. A subscription has been opened in this country, the City of ; London taking the initiative in a meeting con- vened by thc Lord Mayor at the Mansion House, 'Friday.-A. secret society, has been discovered in : Madrid, which was organised for the purpose of { assassinating the Queen. It fell to the lot of a a young carpenter, "named Fuentes, to do the deed, and he was only prevented from dis 1 charging a pistol at the carriage of thc Princess Asturias by a police agent. This would-be assassin has made a statement implicating : numerous other persons, who have also been arrested, but the result has" not been ' allowed ! to transpire.-Letters from Constantinople, ! speak of a great fermentation prevailing among the Turks on tho subject of the recant conces- sions to the Christians by the Sultan. At Pad gorrizza the Turks have burnt two Roman Catholic churches, and killed two Christians ; at ¡ "Wiseki, near Montenegro, thè Christians in order ; to avenge themselves for the continual outrages they meet with, have attacked and pillaged a ' caravan coming from Ragusa; fourteen Turks! were killed.-Thc reports of thc state of trade in ¡ the manufacturing towns show, on the whole, a . tendency to dulness. At Manchester, the de- I raand has been heavy, and there has been a j gradual increase in the amount of business. ? At Birmingham, the demand for iron has been i ? limited, and prices .affected by the uncertainty I : of thc American question. The Nottingham , accounts describe increased purchases of lace for home consumption, and steady transactions, also, in. hosiery. In tho woollen districts there is an i absence of activity, and sales have not kept pace with production. Thc Iri3h linen markets con- tinue to exhibit great animation. London, 19th June, 1S5G. We have, we trust, safely tided over those sunken reefs-thc American difficulties. Mr. Crampton's dismissal will not be followed by thc dismissal of Mr. Dallas, tho new American Minister here. The Foreign Enlistment was au unpopular measure from the very first, and the country would not willingly have gone t) war in its vindication. There was, however, some dinger of a warlike tendency arising out of the impression that President Pierce wished to bully the British Government. By a dex- terous stroke of policy, however, exhibiting no small political skill, General Pierce and his col- leagues have ceassd to blame our Government, and made all their charges personal against i Mr. Crampton, but professing the best feelings to tho Government he represents. What ia still more clever, they have invested Mr. Dallas, the new American Minister, at the Court of St. James, with special powers for thc settle- ment of the Central American question, so that his dismissal in retaliation for that ', of Mr. Crampton would be tantamount to a rejection of friendly overtures with regard to the remaining matter of dispute. We must concede to this combined movement the merit of being well calculated to disarm resentment, and to induce our Government to abstain from retaliation. Fairly viewing the circumstances, perhaps our Ministers could come to no other decision!than that which they announced on Monday night, and by promptly resolving upon it, they too have gained an a i van tage ov¿r their political op- ponents, who will not be able to attack-thom for having abandoned Mr. Crampton, since they stood honourably by him so long as doing so could be of any avail. Thc nomination of Mr. Buchanin for tho Presidency by the de- mocratic convention of Cincinnati, to the exclusion of Mr. Pierce, tends still further to strengthen the prospects of peace. Dean Eliot, of Bristol ; Dean Tait, of Ca- lislc ; Dean Dawes, of Hereford ; the Rev. Dr. Robin- son, Master of the Temple ; the Rev. Dr. Cartis ; the Hon. and Rev. J.T. Pelham, M.A. ; andlTie Rev. Dr. Thompson, Provost of Queen's College, Oxford, are mentioned as likely to succeed the Ute Biihop of Gloucester. A subscription has been commenced to re-establish Mr. Berber, the ottorney, who was tried and transported for par- ticipation in the Fletcher will forgeries, in his profession. Among thc contributors arc the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Bishop of St. David's, Lords Ellesmere, Fortescue, Minto, St. Germans; Serjeânt Stephens, Wilkins, Parry, Sir F. Kelly; Messrs. Roundell, Palmer, Cullicr, M. Chambers, kc. 