THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER. (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, TUESDAY, SEPT. 23rd, 1856. THE RIGHT MAN IN THE RIGHT PLACE. Last evening Dr. Owens addressed the diggers at the Rose of Australia, Long Gully. As will be seen by the report which appears in another column, the room was not sufficiently large to hold all those who attended ; and the passages and the outside of the room were thronged with persons taking an active interest in the movement. Dr. Owens was enthusiastically received, and his address elicited repeated cheers. The result of the cross- examination to which he was subjected, appears to have been eminently satisfactory, for the resolution affirming that he was a fit and pro- per person to represent the Loddon district, was carried with acclamation. It must be extremely gratifying to Dr. Owens to find that wherever he goes, he meets with a cordial welcome among the miners ; that he meets everywhere a recognition of his former sympathy with their cause, and his advocacy on their behalf. The diggers of Victoria are, as a class, still the same earnest adherents to reform and progress, and are not unmindful of those who helped them through the times of difficulty, of hardship, and injustice. Success very often paralyses zeal, and causes principle to be lost in apathy. The mining population, freed from oppressive enactments, en- franchised, and assigned their just place in the social scale, have, it is true ; relapsed into quies- cence. They no longer thunder at the doors for admission — no longer menace authorities, and indulge in eternal agitation. They are peaceable and satisfied, requiring the in- fluence of no Coercion Bills to keep them in order. They have no reason to be in a state of eternal discontent. What grievances they have still to complain of, such as the export duty, will.meet with due attention from their repre- sentatives in the House. But they are not there- fore apathetic. It has been charged against them that they are so, and many of their friends have been under apprehensions that their zeal and energy had totally expired with the removal of those grievances under which they formerly la- bored. They must be very agreeably undeceived. If there is anything shewn by the meetings in which Dr. Owens has met the electors, it is this — that the miners are still earnest in the cause with which they have been identified, and that when appealed to by men in whose faithfulness and ability they have confidence they will always respond to the appeal. They have had the agree- able duty of rallying round their old friend Dr. Owens. In a few days they will have the not less agreeable duty of meeting their member, Mr. Grant, whose career in the Legislature of the colony promises to redound not less to his own credit than to the credit of those diggers and working men who sent him into the Legislature. The public of Bendigo should reflect with pride and satisfaction, that the men in the Council who were identified with this district, voted invariably on the liberal side — on that side where we would have them record their votes. This striking unanimity was so observable as to draw forth a marked compliment from a member on the demo- cratic side. The votes of the Bendigo members were the most consistently liberal of any of the gold fields members. " There," said Johnny Fawk- ner, pointing to Mr. Grant and Dr. Owens, " there go the Siamese Twins ! " It was compara- tively easy for the representative member who had a lucrative business to support him, to maintain his consistent adherence to principle. But how highly should we not think of that firm and unde- viating principle which sustained Dr. Owens in his difficult position. A nominee, — a man whose means were being exhausted by his giving his services to the country,— this man stood firm and consistent throughout the whole of the trying circumstances in which he was placed. We have been told that we sedulously avoid any reference to Dr. Owens' career as a legislator. We beg to assure those worthy gentlemen who make the re- mark, that the reason for our doing so is a far dif- ferent one from that which they hint at. We have refrained from enlarging on this portion of the public life of Dr. Owens, simply because we could not exhaust all we had to say of his services and of his claims to support, in one or two arti- cles. Besides, we naturally wished to reserve the strongest point to the last. Not that we have found any necessity whatever for flying to the last argument in favor of the candidate for the Lod- don. The enthusiastic and even affectionate man- ner in which he has been received by the diggers precluded any necessity for our doing so. What is more, the utter absence of even the ghost of a sound argument against him rendered it quite unneces- sary on our part to expatiate on claims which no one could contest. Where was the wisdom or the utility of fighting shadows, or imitating the Knight of La Mancha in tilting at windmills ! But an excellent opportunity arrives for direct- ing attention to the Legislatorial career of Dr. Owens. It would have been absurd to expect in so short a session, characterised by a jumble of legislation, any brilliant displays from any of the new members. And in a sitting where every Gold- fields member seems to have thought it his special vocation to run a race for popularity, and to outbid his fellows in his unblushing demands for the expenditure of public money in the district he represented, the man of gentlemanly taste and of sound judgment would not be likely to cut a prominent figure in the somewhat ludicrous ex- hibition. .But Dr. Owens was not idle when the interests of his constituents were concerned, as the debates on the ballot and on the question of min- ing on private property are sufficient proof. We shall not, however, enter into any detail of debates and votes at present. Our attention is forcibly directed to one feature in the brief legislative career of Dr. Owens, which cannot be too strongly dwelt upon — and that is his consistent adherence to prin- ciple. This virtue of Dr. Owens receives just now a timely illustration, and it is more forcibly im- pressed upon our attention. It will be remembered that Mr. Duncan Longden by the well- timed vote he gave in favor of the Government decided the fate of a critical motion. Mr. Longden has at length received his reward, in being appointed a Commissioner for taking the census,— the office in Mr. Longden's case, says the Age, to be accom- panied with a salary. Now, surely if we de- nounce the conduct of this man in using the honor conferred upon him by the Avoca electors, for the purpose of serving his own interest and securing for himself some snug Government berth, surely we should give full credit to the man, who actually a nominee and subjected to even stronger influences to support the Govern- ment, remained firm and true, and characterised his brief career in the House by the most demo- cratic votes. Dr. Owens asks no reward for having done his duty in this manner — he does not think that he has done anything very extraor- dinary. But it is for us rightly to appreciate such firm adherence to principle, and to employ the well- tried veteran in the service of danger. Dr. Owens asks for nothing but to be enabled to devote his services to the cause of those with whom he is identified in principles and in sym- pathies. Had he a fortune, of his own accord he would engage in the labor that is dear to him. It is for us to render such services available, and we five firmly convinced that were Dr. Owens qualified to- morrow, his chief gratification would be in the fact that he could devote his time and his talent to the public service. 