MAITLAND STOCK MAliKET. Since our last report there hns been a large supply or fat cattle in this market, and prlcis liavi been affected uccurdlngly. It seldom, hum ver, happens that un abundant supply in any particular week is not counter- balanced «gain almost imimdiately 'by a temporary scat city, at least. Fat shei p are still scarce, and would sell at a high ligure, if good. The tollu« log is the result of sales up to Thursday, the 18th Instan':-11 be id f.it cattle, at 8Us.; US head, 90s to lois ; 97 tie.id. 73s.; 102 t'end. 84s. to lois.; 4<i0 fat wethers, thora, Us. 3d, to Us. 6d.; 12 fat pius. 22s. DODDS ils CO. Maitland, December ID. H. R. N. S. N. CoMPANi'a FOKTNIQIIT.-The coaches from Morpeth, bringing the passei.gers and papers from yesterday's Sydney day steamer, r, ached West Maitland last evening about half past six. TUB Fitts ENGINE.-We observe that a snug domicile is in cutirse ol erection for the fireen.ine, on the ground the use ol which was lately kindly grinned by Messrs. Dickson ami Co. lor that purpuso. The spot is admirably situated in case of emergeucy, and Is cou veitient of access on priicllsiug dnys. MAITLAND SCHOOL OF Aura -The concluding lecture ot the session »as delivered on Thursday evening, by Mr Chambers, the subject being Dickens'« "Chiistinus Carol." In his introductory remarks Mr, Chumbera re- lated th» eiieutiistnnues connected with the hisiurvof thebtok,-in brief as follows:-Tyrone Power, tho'co median-a man' deservedly popular, and respected for his talent.and hie moral north, «as about tu return to England, after the completion of a tour in America. Steam communication, though in its infancy, was so conducted that the time of passage between England anil America could be accurately computed, and ac- cordingly the performance of Power at Covcnt Garden was publicly announced for a certain day. The Presi- dent-th' vessel in which he bud embarked-did not arrive to her time. Various «ere the conjectures Us to Hie cause of the delny, and n» lime pasted on, disap- pointment and even hope gave way to tenr, and fr.un that moment to Illa present the ship had never been heard ot ; and whether her late wus sudden or whether the sufferings of her passengers and crew were pro- longed none could say. Through this event, Mrs. Power nilli her joung family-unprepared to battle with the world, and suddenly deprived ofsuppirt saw want approaching. Their necessities reached the ear of Dickens, «ho, ever ready to lend his »Id, de- termined lo write a werk, tile proceeds to he devoted to tholr relief. The "Carol" wus announce!, and two or three days before Christmas it appeared. lu two or three days nfier, all England >vn> in II blaze ; printers worked night and day to supply the demuud ; und the result >»os Mrs. Power had been secured from want, and her tamllv educated and provided for. The story itself WHS o ghost story, in which the writer had nobly achieved a high and noble ulm. Its scheme was one of in irve tous simplicity ; an old miser was violted hy his deceased partner's ghost, who wumed him of the visits of ihre« other spirit«, with n view In his welfare ; and in the description of llieBe visits and iheir results. Hu story consisted. Scrooge, the miser, is introduced in the first ch ipter, und his s. lfUli character pour trajed in his treatment of his poor clerk, ol his juviul nepnevr, of tim collector« for the poor, and of lite boy singing enrol«, whom he drives away from lils door. At ?tight, »hile brooding over his solitary fire, the ghost of hin worthy partner and counter; art appears to him, grouuilig beneath the »eight of a chain lorged by him «olf ot the accumulation, of his griping life. lie «urns Scrooge that he, too, tins been forginu a yet weightier chain, and that Hie sphit which lu life goes not forth amongst its feilona is doomed to wander niter demi) settling to interfere for unud .without possessing the poivtr. Ile, shot up in his counting hotse during life, had H vary journeys to purtorm, The ghost disappears, und the first spirit comes-the ghost ol chrinliuas past. It conducts Scrooge through the scenes of his boyhood and youth, and as he sees them his heart is perceptibly .»foiled. _ The ghost ol C1» ¡¡.Unas present uppeurn, and " fkine linn tÄVounh the sireuts, lo the cottage or lils Ill-paid clerk, out on the seo, mid dunn to the very ?»in«, makes him feel the genial influences «i »i>» ?». sun, until Ins »...ii,. ... >-- ..«iiiiewa tiou»e would fain Join in the festivities. Christmas to come then conducís him through a series of scenes which point distinctly to the wretched end to which bis »elfish life HUB tending, lie resolves It he. has yet tito timo, to pursue u different course. He nnnkes to find that it is Clirismus D.iy, and putting his resolution in practice, hu lives thence- forward a lile of benevolence. The feeling displayed by Mr. Chumbera in reading the lecture, the interest of the story itself, and the admirable introduction, produced d considerably sensation on the andience, und u_voie ol thanks was carried unanimously, wheu the meeting se- parated. FORMATION;,OF A SECOND CRICKET CLOD.-It may bo interesting '-o the lovers of lliit manly game to bo in. funned that a fécond cricket club has been established in .Maitland Avino "llni;, convened by ndveitisement, was held at Mr .Tuck's Commercial Hotel, on Thursday evening, for this object, A chairman having been ap- pointed, it was moved, and aller some amendment» curried, that the otub should be designated the Austra- lian Club.' Mr. Thompson was then appointed secretury, and Mr. Edward Cooper treasurer. The names «f 'hose »ho hail signified their intention ol becoming members were then read, In all twenty-lour, and it was «'so slated that several others would join »hen asked. A committee of four WHS appointed to draw ui> the ro.lts of the club, and to present them for approval on the next meeting ( I uesday) night. The meeting tuen broke up. TUB f UOPOSED UOVEKNUEMT BANK OF ISSUE itr Vic TOBIA.-In the money murket the excitement with re- gard to the lorthiioming explanation of the Government pinn continues, and the promise of the Treasurer-Gene- ral that he will inlorm the Houso of this plan before moving foi. a committee ol inquiry has given general satisfaction. There are at present mnny decided oppo- nents lo lite establishment of a public bank of issue under anynurtumslniices, bul with the muiority of mer emmie mell there exists a decided inclination lo discuss tlie proposition on io merits alone, and the declaration of the Ministerial policy in this ma'fer is very anxiously looked for -Melbourne Argus, Dee, IS. QUEEN'S TUEATKE.-On Wednesday evening there was d> cidedly the bell attend.mcu since the re-opening of the theatre. The perform unces, which were tor the benefit of the Company, commenced with Dance's comedy ol .. Naval Engagements," which, although rather dry at the beginning, finished with roars of laughter. A hornpipe by our tonnsman, Mr, John Pat lick, fo lowed, and being really "well done," was us a matter ot bourse encored Norah Creina followed, hut as we have' already mentioned .Miss Jackson as Norah, and Mr. Milne a« "Back Connor," ne need not t>a) more thud 4hat it wag better aeted than ever. The feel- ing Mr. Milne throws ino It does infinite credit to his good tasto.. A Highland Fong followed by Master Hull, and wus encored, as was a jig by Alies Jackson. The evening's entertainment concluded, with the laughable taree of "Family Jurs," which was also good. Mr. Milne was called before the curtain at the conclusion, and announced that, having taken the thu.itre, prelimi- nary a i rangement» had been commenced unit Mr. and Mra. Stark for a visit to Maitland. Should these his trionlo stars come up, we hope he will have better and bumper houses to weleoiuu Ilium, and to rewurd him for his «pli lied endeatours to gain s narnu tor our pretty little theatre. RAST MAITLAND CHRISTMAS RACES.-The inhabitants of Rast MWTuhd'imend enjoying lill» fcMlrc reason-by racing arid oilier sports, which will come off on lioxing day, in the paddocks at the rear ol' Mr. Whittaker'*. Wa understand lh.it fifteen horses ara in training, Liititut, Rnjah, and other known favourites bellin among them, and li is expected that srme hurd racing «ill take place. Several booths «ill be erected, and everything arranged lor the comfort and convenience of the inner man. Toe gutes (tere sold on Thursday last, und reulited £10. The entrances will take place at the " Collage ot Content." on Tuesday evening, at eight. SCHOOL EXAMINATION.- The examination ot the Sabbath School, connected «1th the Presbyterian Church (Rev, Mr. Furies'«), East .Multi.md, took place last Sabbath, in presence of a considerable number of the parents »nd Iriends of the pupils. The number of pupils present »BB 60-which also is about the uveraue usual ititi ndunce. The examination »as conducted by J. M. Sounder*, Esq., of the Unnlc of New South Wales, who also'statedly gives his services, IIB a teacher of the velmol. After a lengthened examination in Scripture Knowledge and the Shorter Catechism, the pupils indi- vidually were presented with a book by Mr. Saunders, as a Uiark of his regard for their rellnlous welfare, us well na an incitement to Increased diligence fur the lu ture.. The children attending this school have ¡he benefit of an excellent Sunday school library, wIllili was also presented by Mr. Saunders, the books having been selected for the purpose by a relative of that gentlrnun'« in Edlnbuigh.- Correspondent, \- DgATH FUOSl iNTtMPBRANOB.-All hitjuest was held on Thuisday. al Eu»t Vie», I'otts's Point, belore Dr. M'Cartney, on vii w of the body of Piora il'Inne», aged forty-eight. The wltnetscB examined »ere John M Innes, Henry Garvin. and Dr. Stott. This case had exel ed sumo iiilere't, through a report which lind been circulated that the deceased had poisoned herself, and which report had originated from her husband himself, who firmly believed ti lo be the ease. It apaeured Iroin the evl.lence ol John M'Innes, that hu hud been mar- ried to the deceased about tliirly years, but that It was only »Ithin the last two years that she had bren ad- dicted to drink. On Mundar last she had been to Malt land, and although returning sober, brought grog «ilh her, ond was very soon drunk; she then became excited and boisterous ; »he continued drinking until Wednes day evening, when she died. During that day her hus- band liad seen herljing «ilh her heal on the laide, muttering her pruyers, after which she drank a cup ot water ; In a few minutes she became tery sick, and vomited aeveral limps. This behailouron the part ol his wile, and also her apparent carefulness in wa.hlng the cup, led M'Imies to believe thal his »ile hud taken some poison, and he stated his suspicions lu the cbtet constable, who upon searching tbe house had these sus pieie» fl»p|il>M)«d by ûuOi»* ««wrrbiw powdtr, Dr. Scott, however, on examination, pronounced this powder to be calomel, some of which he had given the deceased a few days previously. It wag stated that toe deceased and M'Innes were a happy oonple, and that no family quirrelsbad occurred. Dr. Scott having examined the body, was of opinion, from its condition, and lila previous knowledge of the deceased, that she had died from the excessive use of ardent spirits, aud " no other poison." A verdict In nccord uni e was returned. CIIAHOB or FXLUNT.- -- Ross appeared before the bench on Thursday, at West Maitland, to answer the above. Mr Minter appeared lor ihe complainant, und Mr. Mullen for the defence. It appeared Iroin the statements of the at orneys that the defendant had been entrusted »ith four boxes as part loading, to be deli- vered at Muswell 13-ook. UP proceeded with his dray as far as Black Creek, where he commenced drinking to such on extent as to occasion delirium tremem. Whilst in thin stale, the boxes, the property ot Mrs. Turner, »ere missing, and had not since been heard of. The dray mid bullocas were taken Iroin thence tiy the de- fendant's brother, after the hu The defendant »as then taken into custody ou a charge uf leloniou.ly mak- ing away «ith the property, and the case hud been initiated al Singleton, beiore Mr.Gaggin, »ho remanded him tu appear before this court, to answer the charge. Mr. Mullen contended that »s it could not be shown thut the delendunt had used the boxes feloniously, the charge nits wrongly Uid, and he could only be suod tor their value. Mr. Minter was willing to withdraw the charge, as it could not be substantiated in its present lunn, and should pursue another course. Ihe defend- ant was then discharged. The estimated value of the property was, we believe, subsequently paid, on the condition ot the money being reiurned upon its re- covery. THE CASE of THOMAS CHILTON.-Mr. Minter made an application to the bench, at East Maitland, yester- day, on behalf of Thomas Chilton, praying their wor- ships to grant a renewal ol his license as hawker and pedlar, refused by them on a previous, day. A memorial and petition, signed by twenty-eight residents in West Maitland, certifying as to the good conduct and honesty of the applicant whilst pursuing his avocation, were also read. The grounds of the refusal were that Chilton in July, 1855, had been fined £10 for exposing his person, and £1 for obscene language. Mr. Minter contended that as the applicant had already been punished for those offences, and being a cripple, and unable to procure his living by other means than trading, and further having already been granted a license in December, 1855, since the commission of the offences complained of, that their worships could with propriety rescind their previous determination. It was stated by Chilton that on the licensing day in 1855, the offences complained of were referred to, and he received a severe reprimand from -Mr. Green, who was sitting on the bench. The bench declined to alter their previous decision. Huuse STEALING.-Mr. Girvin informed the bench, at East Maitland, yesterday, that li» ivas lu receipt ot u letter from the (Jillet Constable of Armidale, stating thut a warrant »us out uguiust Chow Chow, alias Gen- tleman Jack, the celestial lately discharged irom custody us no evidence «us then procurable, torsteul imi ii horan from the Rocxy River. Sergeant Keuneay Elating thut lie saw him go down by that morning's steamer, »as directed to go In pursuit of him. DntiNKENNEsa.-Hotiry Uuat pleaded guilty to this charge, on Tuesday, and was fined los or ¡24 hours im- prisonment. HÍ.WKK« AND PEDLAR.-A license was granted at East Muitlund, yesterday, to Jamas Carroll, to trude as above. OBTAINING GOODS UNDEK FALSE I'UUTENCES -Mat- thew Yates, out on ball under this cnurgc, and remanded dom last court day, did not »opear when culled upon ut East Maitland, yesterday. A warrant for his appre- hension was issued, and his recogiiiz ince was estreated. HOUSES AND LAND, Essr MAITLAND -WO uro re- quested to cull attention to the sule, by Dodtls ami Co., on the premises, William-street, Cast Maitland, on Monday, ot the vuluuble allotments und houses of Mr. Robson, in William, Day, Law, und High streets, Esst .Maitland, und in Swan-street, Morpeth, these include sevin houses on the William-street allotments, ot nhich six aro brick houses. Two of the allotments «re eirtn-r ones. As the intended railway terminus »ill be almost close to these properties, they »id bear an immensely increased value in a short time. - Commttui-ated. Mu. LBDSAM'B SALES -We ure requested to call at- tention to Mr. Ledsum's sales on Monday and Tuesday. On Monday, at the Cessnock Estate inn, Wollombi Road, three tarin» oil the Cessnock estate, of 120, 100, und llü¿ ucres, and one farm of 113 acres on the Shurip's Grant estate, Wollombi ; all these containing excellent agricultural and grazing land. On Tues, day, on the giouud, the Fitz R»y lim, Wollombi, con- taining ten rooms and the necessiry out-buildings. These Bales offer tempting opportunities tu the larmer and innkeeper, the district being lamed fur its ferule und thrirltig character- Communicated. MRLUODItNK FLOUft ANDÜ11AIN .\lAKKEX1.-In BrCOll stull..-Hie rl mr market is stagnant. Supplies from ihe United ¡states, Sun Francisco, ice, continue to uri ive, and as the surplus pioduce of last yent of South Australia (of ubout 0,000 tous) fur which there «eems no other outlet, is likely to be forwarded here »piedily, no improvement lu piesent rates can possibly t>e expected. Sales ut best Adelaide have been mudo ut 191, but that ovulation is tho highest ut the close of the market to day. The recent imports ot Hnxall und Ualleito have been stored. A portion of the Hour ex Carrier Dove, from Cuhtorniu, «us offered ut auction on Monday lost, in lots of five tons-lim quantity und condition guaranteed. Two lots unly were sold ut lot 5s. No higher offer than 14f ISs «as made tor the fol- lowing lots, and the remainder wus consiquoi.tly with drawn. Corn meat is dull. Sales ut halt barrels have been wade at l*Mo 14s (id. Owlnitto t\\\\*-*Ataun!n*rt. uite, large arrivals of oats, and the supply of new hay twhicli has reduced the price-ot that amele), ltorso-hed ....a a.-u-->, «...u we quote the»« descriptions ol urnin loner. Colonial outs to- day ure dull at '?)> 3d, and good scotch not «orill more than 0. Gd. The arrivals ut maize have overstocked the market, and parcels have been offered as low at Ss Od. Burley is a trifle easier but «heat beim: of coures affected In vulue hy the de- cline In flour, 7s Od to 8s ¡Id are highest quotations - 1'heMil.s: Dight's Mills: Fine flour. '.»Ot lue per tun; secondB, liff; liuxali 252; Chilian 182. bran Is 8d pur I bushel. Thomas fulton and Co.'s «ills -Fine Flour, ¿31; seconds, 'Jli; bran, Is lOd; wheut bought at 8s to ¡ii. Ramsden and Allken's Mills -Fine flour, 331; I seconds ill; brun Is lud; »heat bought at 8s to 9s. Hadley'« Mills -Fine flour, .¿.¿I; si conda 202; bran, 2s; n heal bought at 7» Od to 8s. Prices ure still nominal. Argus, December 15. MELBOURNE HAÏ MARKET.-The hay market presents lltllu alteration. Supplies have come liberally to mar- ket, and thou-, ti old hay ol prime qtjility is becoming scarce, the high puces non asking ImVe led to dimin- ish inquiry for it. The following ure the quotations ut lo-duy :-Best old hay, £111 ; second class V. D. Lund, £i 10s to £S ; new trussed, tt> to £10 ; uuw bundled, £a 10s to £7 10s.-Argus, Dee. 15. I MELBOURNE STOCK MARKET.-Messrs. Kaye and Bo chart report: 15.' good bullocks, at £7 15s ; 40 ditto .illo, and cons, at £7 ; 80 ditto ditto ditto, »t £li 10s ; K10 ditto ditto ditto, at £6 6s ; 160 ditto nillo ditto, light weights, at £6. Prune wethers and for shipnn nt, at 189, ditto ditto, at 10s to 17B ; small ditto, at 14s ; small ewes, hall tut, 0». Lambs: 1,000 I rom Mr, O'Deas ol ihe Cumptigple, at lbs, also 200 ut IS*, and 1D0 at 14s. | Messrs. Doughurty una Co. report : On Monday and Tuesday an inferior lot at low pi ice. On Thursday l draught horses overland, with cattle from Sydney, ut prices varying un follona: £78. x'40 10s, £38, £34 10s; stock horses at an average ot £2ü : u lot of 80, fioin the «lud ot C. Usborne, Esq., the handled ones at £17 lis ; unbroken, small, und poor, nt about £8. This tiny, 38 head, ut nn averuuo ut £17 fls, ringing trom £3% downwards, a somewhat mixed lot, in fair order; u team of rix very superior working bullocks auld this week at £101.-Argus, Deo. 16 ADELAIDE MARKETS,-The flour market is much the Same as last «etIt, and II good quantity is shipping, which »ill go fur to clear off the «luck of this year's wheat. Some forward contracts have been ventured upon, for delivery between now und the end ni February, at 12 io 22. per ton less than to day's runs, accenting lo the time of delivery. A lillie new wheat is coming in, at fls to 6s » I, old being worlii ös Od to Cs 9J, and Ihe reports of the harvest are very good generally. Harley is ubundant Oats ar» rather neglected. (¿ml», Hour, and Provender Market : Fine flour J92., old »heat 6*fld, new «he tG-, po.lnrd Is di, bran Is 4d, Cape barley 3* Cd-lo S-i ¡)d, English ditto 8i. Quota- tions at the Mills : Hindmarsh Steam Mills-Fine flour Í8t. per ton, seconds 151, thirds lil ; bran Is 3d per bushel: pollard Is 4d; n heal Us lu Cs Gd. Thebarton Mill-Fi'.e flour 18t. ; poliurd it ed ; brau IB 4d ; «neat fis 01 to 0i.~A. Observer, Deo.6. ADELAIDB FLOOR AND tv HEIT.-We have seen posi- tive advices Iroin Adelaide, Intimating linn Hie lowest price ol new uheut, delivered in Adelaide In Hnce- uber, ¡eui. per bushel, and for nil January, Ss. Gd. Ss is freely offered tor delivery in February, and relused, ex- cept by a few needy tanners, who »re obliged to get as- sistance to pay expenses uf gathering the harvest. We aro anare of ii contract having being entered into on the 8th instant, in Vielulde, for fidOO bushels wheat, '»rdeliwirj on.8Ut December, 111.6N. 5.1 We have also on good authority the information Hint there are orders in Adelaide frum England to buy up the best samples uf «heat, if to he bud at 5s. Acourdinir to u statement which professes te be carefully compiled, It would appear that, »ith «heat at ñt in Adelaide, the new fliur cannot be laid down here, with all charges up to delivery on the wharf, under ÍI8 Us. Od. per ton. It is also »toted that, us a certain portion of old «heat must be retained to grind with the new, that very little remains for shipment to this port.-Melbourne Herald, Dec, 15. AUBLAIDB CATTLE MARKET, Saturday, November VOlh, 1850.-Mr. Charles Jenkins sold at the following prices :-£>is bull-ck», with lions, yoke«, and chains, 502.; four ditto, willi ditto, 412 ; four ditto, with ditto, 4UÍ,; pairs ot ditto, at 51.5s, 181., 10!., 191. IS', 251., und S92 fis; horses from (fii upnurds, &o.; There was a lair supply . f stock, and more buyers than for the last few weeks. Good bullocks und h avy liorn-i enquired for lor reaping machines (toaren preferretl) The market consisted ol 21 hO'ses, 9 vehicles, fit) horned callie, 4 calves.- Wednesday. Decembers, 18S6. There were 1818 sheep and 870 lambs lu the market to-duy. Simm «ethers sold at Us to IO« each ; shorn ewes. 10s to Ile; nhorn lambs, lOs each, 'ihe market still continues very dull, not more than h dt <hn supply sold. Heef, ut the Slaughter-lmu<e, fruin 22s lu H6» par 100H>«. in the carcase,-A. Observer, Deo. 0. LAUNCESTON MARKETS, D oeinber 10-It is better to1 admit that wu shall havu plenty ot the "staff nf life" tor sale, than by attempting to keep up the prices Induce our Californian competitors to swamp our market hy im| orting un article not required in this part of the globe. The price remains at the mills nominally us usuul, but the figuro must soon he changed. F'our, per toi. of 2110J lbs : At Steam Mill Tamar, fine 202, seconds 192.; Union S cam Mill, One 201., seconds 182.; Cataract Mill, fine 202., refunds 182.; North Ksk Mill, 212, seconds 192 Grain: Wheat (per bushel) 0< 6d to 7s, oatB 3s to 3s 3d, barley (English) none for ditto. Capo 0s te 6s Gd, bran Is lo Is 6d, poliurd 1« 4d to Is 61, sharps 10s per cwt. Bread. 41b. loaf, lid.-Cornwall Chronicle.-The Launceston Examiner uf the Olli and lilli quotas f|m-flour lit 172. . HOBART TOWN MABKETB.-The market continues extremely sluggish -lhere is little or no t'usines« doing, und very little grain arriving. The Duncan Hoyle brought a fair quantity from the east coast, for which St. was offered yesterday and refused. Oats maintain their position at 8s. per bushel. Capo barley is in de- mand at 8s, with an oxcieHnc.lv small quantity for J sala. Flour remains from £21 to E2S pei ton.-Pota- toes : This article may be quoted at from 35s. to 40s. I per ton.-Huy ; The new hay, which wag gold jester* I day, ttaUH» £9 Pet tW.-Ä ft 4<ft<rtfffr> 4fA *> 