see iojiöncä i^loaiins gerara« TUESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1856. The speech of Mr. Pltjnkf.tt at the meeting on Friday last has created unbounded delight. There was a general impression that he is a man of high principle that he is strongly attached to civil and religious liberty that he had taken a tone higher than the usual official tone during many crises of colonial Government. But the exposition of. his principles, and especially of their illustration by his past political contract, was placed him on a still more satisfactory footing. It has not materially altered the degree of respect in which he was held, but it has furnished his friends with distinct and clear answers to all those who, ignorant of his character, might require specific information. The truth is, political affairs escape from the public memory : what men did some years ago is forgotten, and it is fortunate that it is so. There should always be room for repentance wherever there is time for instruction and recovery. It is absurd to charge a man with principles which he held if he once held them con- scientiously when he holds them no longer. The object of public discussion, of articles in the newspapers, of speeches in public meetings, and of debates in our legislative bodies, ought to be to inform the minds of men; and if, after having laid down certain doctrines of government, and enforced them by sound argument, they are found ultimately to prevail, it is the height of absurdity, and often more reprehensible than mere folly can be perpetually to haunt men with the ghosts of their former systems and abandoned opinions. Something, too, must be permitted to human pride. It is not very easy to get up and make public confessions-for men to say that they were wrong, and those who were personally opposed to them, and who, in combating their opinions, never spared them, were right. It requires a high style of mind to brave all the insults of narrowness and selfishness, to love truth for its own sake, and to proclaim it when- ever discovered, in the presence of the whole world. Nor is it at all disgraceful to statesmen, in these times of political mutation, that their opinions have undergone a change. If we turn to the United Kingdom we find that statesmen have almost boxed the compass of political variation. Many have started from the lofty heights of Toryism, and have descended into the valley of Liberalism, and, like Bunyan's pilgrim, kissed the flowers which adorn and scent the vale. Others have started from the very dregs of egotistic and rancorous dema gogues ; such perhaps was their paternal creed, such the opinions prevailing around them. But they have lived to ascend to a higher stand-point of political observa- tion ; they have learned to distinguish between the use and abuse of things ; they appreciate better the arrangements of society, by which individual power is checked whether it be deposited in the hands of the people, or intrusted to the ruler of the day. Thus, from the wider observation they have taken of human affairs, they come to be much more moderate in their expectations, much more reasonable in their censures, although perhaps they have not resulted from one of their original fundamental opinions. When we consider that our colonies have been made up of men drafted, from the various political parties of England, it is by no means astonishing that we have undergone changes in a state of society where change must be more rapid and general. We therefore have no disposition to rake up the ashes of the past, or to pronounce against men who con- scientiously took other views and acted upon other principles in times gone by But, notwithstanding this, there is undoubtedly something due to others who, for the last twenty-five years, have viewed the world with an eye of Christian philosophy, who have estimated the rights of their fellowmen justly, when they were subjects of combat and struggle-who threw in all their eloquence, all their influence, all their official weight into the ; " '" ', i - . a scale of public liberty, and who made it their business to devote themselves to the development of the great principles which all men now honour, and which are destined, we trust, finally to prevail. It is from this lofty position that Mr. Plunkett is enabled to view the past, and to present himself to the confidence of his supporters, and it is in this aspect that we look at his claims, and expect that they will be recognised by this community. We have had only one objection to Mr. Plunkett that he has been an officer of the Government. A senseless action. Are there no other gentlemen who have been officers of the Government in various situations, who are candidates for employment, and would they deem their past relations formed a fair objection to their return? We presume that upon the whole it has been of some benefit to the country that we have had a Government. We have had such a Government as it has pleased the British Parliament to grant and whatever may have been the defects of its construction, it has certainly improved its working by being entrusted in part to a gentleman of the ability and character of Mr. Plunkett. We have several times alluded to the absurdity of analyzing votes given over twenty-four years. Many of the circumstances are forgotten. Many of those votes have been influenced by considerations which derived their force from the state) of the community at the time. It would be just as reasonable to examine the conduct of the Tudors by the principles of British Government now, as to criticise the measures adopted in former years in a country whose history is like our own, under the light and with the sympathies which have arisen in later times. It must be remembered that Mr. Plunkett was in this colony when its entire inhabitants were not greater than reside now in the Hamlets of Sydney. When, however, we turn from small quibbles to great principles, the aspect of Mr. Plun- kett character is most commanding. He found the prisoners of the Crown under a penal code which cannot now be read without a shudder. We have gone through the details of those times, and examined the documents which were given to the public by the British authorities. There were masters who rose above the atmos- ' phere around them-and who then used their power as Howard might have done. But there were others who were the counterpart of Lessee. It will never be forgotten that Mr. Plunkett I saw the poor and miserable under the dominion , of a system which often opened the floodgates i of cruelty, and subjected unfortunate ' men to oppression at the very memory of which the blood runs cold. It was a noble task is to arrest the hand of irresponsible .. power, to open an avenue to the c oppressed, so that they might reach redress to distinguish between the infractions of penal rule which were morally atrocious, and ° these slight faults which it was proper only to r punish with trivial penalties. It was a noblest task to liberate the public justice of the country from the dominion of a caste, or even the suspi- * cion of its control, and to place the administration of the law upon a basis which has a since that time assured security to the P innocent. It is to the high honour of Mr. J Plunkett, and it is one which none hereafter " will be able to claim, that in a time when power it was on the one side, and helpless misery on the v other, he stepped into the breach, and threw a forward thèT8_Te"îd of his office and of his blame less personal character to protect his wretched j, fellow-men. These are honours which infi- v nitely surpass all that can be gained by the 1' triumph of mere politics, or the highest station is among the competitors for power. p We lay but little stress upon the views ex- t pressed by Mr. Plunkett upon the future ' working of the New Constitution Bill. It is % impossible that his conduct should be illiberal, Without a single assurance of that fact, we I should calculate to a certainty that his votes will be always on the side of freedom and progress. It is extremely probable that if any class of elec- e tors come to compare notes with Mr. Plunkett, t they would find some diversity of view in the outline of the details of public measures, J but that which we require now is not a stereo- B type of politics-not one standard of political h measurement. We have no great battle to fight b no great evil to master. The only a popular question upon which this could be pre dicated relates to the land. We are assured j, from every quarter that the squatters are prepared to accept a just and legal assimilation of of their rights with the interests of the community J at large, and Mr. Plunkett has already told us in his address that he is prepared to guard the a exercise of those rights both against rash c disturbance and a pernicious exaggeration. Jj It is our belief that there are few men in this t community, of any denomination, who grudge s the religious liberty of their fellow-citizens. Let 1 us all be just to each other. We have lived in times of conflict, and in times of blind preju- , dice, but they are probably past, and we are now in the position of men who have ascertained each other's status, and acquired a knowledge and respect for each other's civil and reli- j gious liberty. t It would be possible to single out from the community many persons who have long lived in this colony those who entertained exclusive J views, and who endeavoured to narrow down of the rights of their fellow-countrymen to the notions which prevailed in other countries, and 4 in a state of society entirely distinct.- They have probably long forgotten, or relinquished as a hopeless, all such pretensions. It would be ungenerous to assume, in the absence i of proof, that they are less favourable to the 1 civil and religious liberty of their fellow- country- ' men than those who have in former times actually promoted them. But still there is a grateful acknowledgment due to a man like Mr. Plunkett, who fought the battle, who has met the brunt of opposition, who has through many years contended consistently to main , tain those great principles to whom, more than i any other man in the community, we are indebted that these principles ' have permeated all our institutions, and that they are likely to become identified with their very being. While we forget the past for the purposes of revenge, let not our for getfulness become ingratitude ; let us not, while we acknowledge that others are entitled to condonation let us not forget that we owe to that gentleman as much as to any other in this hemisphere that every citizen can look for equalled privileges, and that he can worship God without rebuke and without legal reproach. It must be remembered that the situation of Mr. Plunkett hereafter will be quite distinct from that which he formerly filled. As an officer of the Government, he was bound by the tenure of his appointment to vote in all matters brought before the Legislative Council in harmony with the Government of the day. He ) now will stand on the same t footing as other gentlemen capable of office, and of looking to its acquisition. # If he ". approve of a' ministry, and of the principles it is intended to embody, he may take office and if, on the other hand, he regard the views I entertained by the majority as incompatible with his sense of right, , he will be enabled to relinquish office with consistency. In former times, had he resigned, he would simply have opened the way for some other legal gentleman to occupy his seat. He would have forwarded nothing : he would have benefited nobody but his successor. He would simply have committed an act of gross folly at for it is absurd, except where great principles are involved and sacred duties compromised, when no advantage can accrue to the public or to the cause which he espouses, for any man to sacrifice himself. The future, then, of Mr. Plunkett's position will be precisely the same as that filled by any other gentleman who may be returned to the parlia- ment, and all reasoning from the position of the past to the position of the future must be so far fallacious. All we have a right to assume is, that the man who, as an officer of the Crown, sought the benefit of the public, will not, as a representative of the city, be less devoted to its welfare. If these opinions are entertained generally by the electors, their course is clear. That they are, we have not the slightest doubt. We certainly feel astonished that even gentlemen in opposition to the late Government should not find in Mr. Plunkett qualities so excellent as to counteract all the prejudices they may have entertained on account of his former station that knowing the moral strength which must accompany the presence of men of such a character and career, they do not have the prospect of his accession to that Parliament to which the destiny of this country must be confided hereafter. 