?CORRESPONDENCE. ' DB. LANG AND THE BUNCH. f 2b the 'JEdilor 'of the Freeman's Journal. ) Sih,— -Although in a former letter I expressed ray views at spine length on the subject of the late coalition1 entered into by Messrs. Cowper, Parkes, Campbell, and Wilshire, for.the the repre sentation of this city in the Legislative Assembly, yet having -something more to eay I would beg leavetp trouble you with the following additional remarks. :, I said before that I hoped that soon after the meeting of the new Parliament a measure would be brought forward and passed through both Houses nluoh would render oil such coalition* ? os inni wiiicli raised our Bydney cliquo to tho Le gialaturo illegal; I eay now uher a tuoro careful consideration of the subject, that every euch coa lition is ipso facto illegal, and I am' further of opinion that tho parties who havo entered into any Buoh coalition can all bo prosecuted for political embezzlomcnt. I think no other conclusion is clear to any one who. can thoroughly boo through *he fiaud perpetrated. What are the facta of the casef The late Council passed an ast for an increase in the number of our city mombors, and the meaning of that act was evidontly to Bupply a ; defect in our representation, to enable our popu i Ution to return such members as would be ?.reflex i of its varied intelligence,' and of tho prejudices, Tjews, and interests of the groat leading portie* it I u epht into. Now instead of Hid purpose* of tho i ' act being carried out, instead of large1 bodies of bur citizent being relieved by it from what they believed an uiTwarrnntable grievance, they find themselves ai ill offas before— and the justice which the Legislature would extend them intercepted, completely broken offl-y a crafty clique ; nay, they find themselves worse off' than ever they were, for what was intended to be a boon to them, tho mean9 of enabling them to send two representatives to Parliament, has only become a medium of doubling the itrength of the enemy or of multiplying tho power of an adverse political party. Thus only one portion of the citizens is represented by the Bunch — the greater portion certainly — but yet only one portion. Nearly one-half of the electors are disfranchised and unrepresented, and the statute which was framed to relieve them has been twisted ?to their disadvantage. Clearly, however, tho Bunch by coalescing have perverted tho meaning of the law or acted so in defiance of it ; the spirit and meaning of the act of Council condemns their proceeding, and I condemn it too, as dishonorable and illegal. Well sir, to- whom may the concoction of thu conspiracy be traced ? To the R«v. J. D. Lanp, D.D., according to th» Melbourne Herald, quoted by you some short time since, wliieh 1 have no doubt is correct.'. It said that Dr. Lang boasted and trumpeted it about well that by his contrivance the election for Sydney ended as it did. He alluded triumphantly to the success of Protestantism and grew merry at the defeat and route of the entire Irish party. I won't copy his exact words ; I for give him. I trust all my countrvmen will forgive him too, for I believe the hand of God is heavy on him. He first commenced his career by libelling the Catholic Church — a rather innocent recreation in % Protestant country — yet it must be confessed th«t » libel is etill a libel, and no lets a sin when directed against the Church than any other body, -t least, every sane man will lay so. He next pro ceeded to asperse the character of the Irish orphans, then the character of the whole native population of tho south and west of Ireland. In all this the Doctor escaped without a scratch from the Irish,— though they received much provocation he never received any hurt. Providence willed it howevsr that he should be hurt, and that the shaft that would pierce his hoart would corao from another hand. ' Tired of fighting with shadows he betook him to assail priv»to character, but here he got pulled up, and eventually shoved into gaol. There after undergoing a salutary penance of five months one would suppose that he would no longer trade in libels ; one' would suppose that a D.D. would afterwards grow more circumspect ; alas ! alas ! he had no sooner his legs out of the gaol tfean he took to his old trade again ; twice within the last twelvemonths he has bean dragged to the Court of Justice, twice he has been in the dock arraigned on the charge of libel, and for six months out of tho twelve ho has been sentenced to a felon's cell. His son too lies low in a gaol room. The uncbaritablene9s of the man's heart provoked Heaven to chastise him, and the infamy he would ?tamp on others has but recoiled on himself and family. Yet he does not seem to bo humbled be fore his God ; on the contrary as if rolling in a sea of troubles and despairing of succour from any hand he may be said to exclaim, — 'I am a man, So weary with disasters, tugg'd with fortune, That 1 would set my life on any chance To mend it or be rid on't.' To sum up the events of such a man's life ought to be enough to shame him out of society, or to induce him to Bteer clear of the Irish at any rate in future. They have their revenge, though they never so. ght it, nor would it be thrown in the Doctor's tooth if ho were an ordinary mortal. In his hatred of tho Irish race, ho betrays something bo shock ingly wicked, so utterly revolting and dreadful, that whenever I see the Doctor, improper as the idea is, I cannot help thinking that if Cromwell be dead and buried, his ghost is 'still living, and near me. ? Yours, &e.;, . . ? ? FIDES. - ^th- May. ' 