A FEW TH0UGHT8 ON MR. DUNCAN'S PAMPHLET. ENTITLED " A PLEA FOR THE NEW SOUTH WALES CONSTITUTION." Mr. Duncan sitting at tho receipt of Customs, has favoured us -with his view of the present Constitution. Any article from his pen deserves impartial considera. tion; he is as good writer and generally a clear headed man. Mr. Duncan, however, evidently argues from false premises that New South Wales and England are so identical that their Constitutions should be the same. " Now the Constitution that is granted is in every essen- tial respect a copy of thc British Constitution"-as much like as a daub is like the finished painting of a first-rate artist ; but are the circumstances of the two countries so alike that their Constitutions should be essentially copies of each other. We have here no hereditary nobility, no ecclesiastical body interwoven with tho State to represent-virtually no aristocracy : there are but two estates, the Crown and the People, why, therefore, force into existence the representation of an estate that does not exist ; why raise up a mush- room oligarchy in a nominated Upper House with a life tenure. The fear of the democratic element appears to bewilder Mr. Duncan much; he, like Mr. Wentworth, has his night slumbers disturbed by democratic anarchy, and so he brings forward authorities from the United States and France to show the results Government—that in America the democratic element is the only recognised element of the State even to the appointment of the supreme ruler, the president ; and so it was in France when Jefferson the authority which Mr. Duncan quotes wrote-In France the democratic element virtually had no existence ; it was a mobocratic element under infidel teaching—a starving mob. There can, therefore, be no possible- resemblance between these democracies-, as to their constitutional con- nections or their peculiar circumstances, and the demo- cracy as Mr. Duncan terms it of New South Wales. Our democracy here- is one closely identified with a regal form of hereditary government ; it is- a wealthy democracy, comparatively speaking, possessing a great stake in the country, therefore indisposed to changes which may introduce anarchy ; its interest is to- preserve good Government, and to obtain a good Government; it is no starving mob, under infidel control, but a law-sup- porting and law-respecting element, which seeks to per- petuate its tenure in the possession of landed property and which appreciates the exercise of civil and religious rights. Mr. Duncan next states that the only objection- he has heard to a nominated- Upper House is " That we have no class of persons- in- the colony which can form such a House as at all resembles the House of Lords ;" and wish this confession of his very limited information, of his being a Moreton Bay know-nothing, he proceeds to state his objections against an elective Upper House, and tells us what would be the consequence if elected by the same constituencies. " Such a Govern ment," he says, "-would be neither monarchy nor aristocracy, but a pure and unmixed democracy, the first fruits of which would be anarchy, and tho second despotism." The fears of timid men always- magnify evils in anticipation. Now, it is evident thabin the Cana- das nominated Upper-Houses just led to the very con- sequences, rebellion and anarchy, which Mr. Duncan prognosticates would be tho first of an elective Upper Chamber here. Mr. Chapman declares that since an elec- tive assembly hos been introduced there, with responsible Government, prosperity and loyalty are the happy fruits of such a change, that before nothing, bat dissension existed between the nominatod and elective Chambers, which ultimately ended in rebellion. Next, Mr. Duncan argues against a high property qualification for an elective Upper House-, and then enters upon the double scheme of. election. He- tells us that the aristocracy of tho colony would soon be made to feel by the constituents of the Lower House- the invidious- ness of their position, " that their schemes would ignore the aristocratic element altogether and reduce the monarchical element to a mere cipher-." I conceive this is altogether fighting with a shadow-for after 20 years' sojourn im this colony I confess- I never could discover anything like an aristocracy in the land-no family descent, except it may be one generation, and that not much to boast of ; no entailed estates ; no title ; no rank except that one man holds more sheep, cattle, and acres of land than another; that on« man is wealthy to-day-a beggar to-morrow ; that the- only aristocracy we possess, is. an aristocracy of adventurers, and that consequently the predictions of Mr. Duncan are the predictions of a disordered imagination-. As for his fears in making tho "-representative of the sovereign the mere registrar of the acts of the demo- cracy," I ask him for what do sovereigns reign, to rulo in absolutism, nd for themselves, like- the Czar of Russia ; or to rule as our happy sovereign does, to be the execu- tive of the people's will? I am really ashamod to find an Englishman advancing so many unconstitutional opinions. Surely Mr. Duncan must have slept away some ten years of his life in the warm climate of Moreton Bay. I do not write as a leveller of society. I advocate that God has instituted governments ; and that we are bound upon certain principles to honour the ruler ; but he must, in order to. obtain honour, rule for the good of the people, even the democracy. Neither do I disregard ranks and stations of life, but these I value as growing out of personal virtue, and not as. the accidents of mere birth ; where we find virtue adorning birth, then the one makes the other truly honourable for the preservation of order and government. I am bonnd by weighty obligations even to shed my blood if needful, but I am convinced that the fullest liberty-(I do not mean anarchy or faction)-is essential amongst Englishmen for the permanency of Govern, ment, and tho purer our institutions are, the safer they ore-that to give men rights is tho truest way to teach thom the value of them-to give men property is tho truest way to maka them the conservators of the same to others-that to make men feel themselves responsible for the peace and order af society, is far better than military force or police power, and therefore it is that I look to an irresponsible body (such as a nominated Uppor House with a life tenure would be) as antagonistic to a responsible government-as a contradiction of elements in the same constitution, ns an experiment tried and condemned by men such as Lord John Russell, and Mr. Stanley, ico., icc, and therefore pregnant with strife-we see that Sir W. Denison at the very outset has declined his right of nominating the Upper House under the advice of the Executive, no doubt feeling that here the Crown and the Executive woro liable in their selection to disagree. Did this difficulty and many others never occur to the mind of Mr. Duncan ? Tho predilection of Mr. Duncan not only to aristocracy, but to a New South Wales nobility, is so great that he even commends tho purchase of some fifty baronetcies so to constitute an Upper House on Mr. Justico Dickinson's plan. I would recommend Nash and Co. as soon as released to open a brokerage office to carry out this new trade, which they would find perhaps more profitable than their lato gold scheming employment-an honour, able trade to purchase houses for honourable men. Truly the trafile in ecclesiastical offices-so infamous- would meet a dangerous competition in this new mart to no. bility and power. The people generally (even the democracy) know who servos them best, and their votes without purchase is the truest and best nobility any legislator can possess. It would appear throughout the. whole of this articlo that Mr. Duncan confuses the circumstances of England with the peculiar circumstances of this colony- that he confounds mobocraey with democracy-that he thinks nobility in some way essential even by put chase with the propriety and greatnoss of the colony- that he considers the aristocracy and democracy as two very distinct animals, one being a kind of eagle that soars in tho air, and the other, a heavy lump of a quadruped, only fit to live upon weeds and grass-and that monarchy is something created amongst the gods and only sent down amongst men to coerce and order them at its own sovereign will, and that in fact the first truth in politics is a lie, " the fitness of a people to govern themselves." In the whole of this Moreton Bay production we see the ghosts of the Stuarts recalled from the oblivion of tho past by the principal officer of Customs at Moreton Bay, and a magistrate of the territory, a colonial bashaw with two tails. " AN ELECTOS. 