THE CAPE. We have Cape papers to the 10th of May, The Mercantile Advertiser of that date observes, in reference to the reported outbreak of Caffres The late rumors respecting disturbances in Caffreland are now proved to have been wholly without foundation. Thanks are due to the Governor for the readiness with which this contradiction was given in the Assembly on Monday night last, on the authority of the latest official despatches. Accounts since then received confirm the assurances of the Governor, that the country has been rarely; in a position of greater security. The following is a passage from a letter dated on the immediate frontier, April 30th : "As far as we can learn from private sources, there does not appear the least indication of war among the frontier Caffres. Life and property seem secure. No thefts. If there is a plot, is is very deep-laid." The writer goes on to say that one cause of alarm, the number of Caffres seen leaving the colony, is owing to a rather large emigration from the Caffre settlement long since made, under authority of Government, in a part of the (West) Beaufort division, the Schiotfon team Caffres. They are said to be leaving on account of discontent in that quarter. Perhaps the matter, although not affecting " frontier " affairs much, is worth the attention of Government. Some absurd rumors are said to have got among the Caffres relative to the results of the Russian war ; the object of the Burcher law, as preparatory to hostile proceedings against them, and other matters of a like kind ; but it does not appear that much, if any, excitement has been really caused in the Legislative Council, on the 8th of May, the Colonial Secretary, addressing the Speaker, said : " It will doubtless be gratifying to the House to know, and I have his Excel lency's authority to state, that the information received from the frontier by Tuesday's post is most satisfactory, and shows that there is no foundation for the alarming rumors which caused some anxiety on Monday last. The latest is from King William's Town, dated 1st May, where everything is reported to be perfectly quiet, and the reports from the officers there are most satisfactory. One of them, who is with Sandill!, notices the existence of rumors of impending danger, but refers to several recent occurrences, with which I need not trouble the House, but which Bkow distinctly that there is RB yet no union or combination of tribes as rumored, and he expresses his opinion to that effect. Another officer writes :-' Nothing can be more quiet than this district. There never were so many applicants for employment on public works, and WE have just engaged nine men to work within the colony.' This,' he says, 'does not look like war, and all the Other reports are equally Satis- factory." An interesting article-.- appears upon the final subject in the Frontier Times: " We state at once that we have every reason to believe that no danger of immediate war exists, or is even apprehended. The season is not that usually chosen by the Caffre for war. The lung sickness has not yet visited the country of the Gaika, and a a or, as these people know very well, would risk the health of their cattle. There can, however, be no doubt, as we think, that messengers from Moshesh have lately been with the Galla chiefs, and we believe that these chiefs have sent messengers to Moshesh, and that a combination of Caffre tribes against the white man has been talked about. But this, we dare say, is nothing very now. These tribes, it is perfectly well known, would drive the English into the sea if they could, and we believe have always been discussing the chances of being able to do so for years past. The Russian war has, however, doubtless of late given an impetus to these wishes, and caused them to be regarded as more easy of attainment. The Caffres have been expecting to see the troops removed from Kaffraria, and their doctors have been inflaming the warlike ardor of the people by telling them that the ghosts of the prophet Umlangeni, of Slambie, and other dead chiefs, were fighting for the Russians, and had occasioned the reverses of the English in the Crimea, Moshesh, too, knows that his Excellency will have no sympathy with him in an unrighteous quarrel with President Boshof, and as a commando from the Free State has just been sent to punish one of his captains for his depredations, ho (Moshesh) is perhaps trying to fortify his position by endeavoring to bind himself in close alliance with the frontier Caffres, so as to be able to act in concert with them against the white man in South Africa, should an opportunity occur. We have also heard that several Hottentots have lately been seen in Umhala's country, visiting the kraals, and that one of the sons of this chief has lately visited the station of a Fingo chief, having previously got a pass under some pretence Oaffra servants are also, it is said, leaving some parts of the colony in great numbers. In the Queen's Town district, great alarm has lately been felt so much so indeed as to induce some of the farmers to go into labors. We understand that they were under Bomcapprohension of the TambookiesT But all there, we believe, is perfectly quiet, and the Tambookies, it is said, are embroiled in a quarrel with the Galekas. We repeat our belief that the peace of the country is in no immediate danger of being disturbed. . . . In Caffreland we are happy that by the latest accounts everything appears tranquil, and that no forebodings of an outbreak are felt, as far as we can learn, by any resident in that country." 