THE EMPIRE. TIIUItSDAY, JUi.Y ir, INDU. UTI IS MINIST JâUliU. lUNljUUT. Tun ßontluinon who this ovonlng ontortnin his EXIÍIÍI.I.I'.NOY'S Cabinet huvo uunccosHimly tnnlmi'nwaoil thonmolvos. Jiy nttumpting to disgulso ihn roui churuutor ol thoir iloinoiisim tlon, thoy havo imposait uoiulltions on thom HOIVOH mid thoir guosts Unit will roudor tlio ufluir nooillossly Hat unit unprofitable As to tho llunrjtiut itsoK'i it will ol' eottvso follow tho oiisloiniiry precotlont ami bo a "gmnd" ono. Why not!' Syilnoy has its full quota ol' illuors-out. A Rp rond unilor distinguished nuspices, graced by the presence of h< MAJESTY'S illustrious representativo th Governor-General of ali tho Australia», and of largo batch of the political notabilities of tb day, could hardly be otherwise than attractive t sorne hundreds of men blessed with a spai guinea to spend io an evening's enjoyment i good company, over generous wine, and beneat the glance ol' bright eyes. Bank and fashio ?will doubtless muster largely. And the genen coup-d'oil, it may Le fairly anticipated, vi be one of tho most charming theatrical effecl of the soason. The house, gaily decorate and brilliantly illumined, will present a spei tacle at once picturesque and imposinj Whilst the tables themselves will b covered with viands the richest and rarest, an wines of the choicest vintages. But these ai the accessories of every festivity. They woul be dullards indeed, who, commissioned t cater for a feast, did not take care that thei should be no lack either of brilliance c beauty. Sydney, however, has not been invite to a ceremonial whose chief busines is either eating, drinking, or luxuriatin in scenic effects. Tho grand interés of the occasion is supposed to belon to that division of the evening when, vulgo appetite being sated, and tho cloth dui removed, there succeeds the feast of reason an tho flow of soul. The dinner is the overture tho oratory tho play. And all wo can say is that the directors of tho performance hav boen guilty of a wanton and exquisite cruelt in subjecting to nico and delicate restraints that eloquence which of all species stands mos in need of indulgent licence- the post-prandial If Mi1. DONALDSON'S friends had openly rc solved to fête Mr. DONALDSON, as they had ai undoubted right to do, if they thought thn gentleman deserved, the compliment by hi merits, or needed tho encouragement from hi diffidence, they would have had a fair and un encumbered field before them. Any amoun of polite sayings might have been mutuall; exchanged. Mr. DONALDSON'S friends migh have dwelt with unction upon his ministeria perfections, and Mr. DONALDSON have dui; lauded his friends for tho discernment that hal penetrated the veil of his modesty anc dotected his rare virtues. They might havi expatiated ad libitum upon the blessings con ferred by a benign Providence on the colong and the human race by his advent to power and he have lingered with fond delight ovei the multitudinous reforms whereof he wa3 ir labour. All would havo gono merry as i marriage bell. As his ears drank in the liquit accents of praise, the ministerial countenance would have beamed with smiles and the vasi expansa of official vost have heaved over t proud and happy heart. But as the piece is put on tho stage what is tho part reserved for our firsl " governing man" to play ? Ho is an insti- tution, not an individual. Ho stands- wo should say glides - before the audience as a mero abstraction-like the ghost in HAMLET, a human spectre without its flesh and substance. It is not Mr. DONALDSON, it is " tho minister," to whom six hundred bumpers aro to bo drained. It is not that he is a wise minister or an ablo minister, or that ho Í3 a minister at all, that ho is feted-so say thoy who as masters of tho ceremonies havo to explain tho programme. It is that we have a minister. How cnn Mr. DONALDSON be expected to bo eloquent with his tongue thus fettered ? "What will ho havo to say ? He ennnot explain his policy or tell tho colony a singlo ono of tho good things in store for it, for that would bo to turn tho occasion into a party manifestation. He cannot protest his zeal, avow his ambition, or vindicate his competency ; for that would bo to import into the proceeding matters personal, and to throw down a challenge to thoso who do not take him at his own estimate, and who aro supposed to bo present. Ho cannot enumerato any ono of tho good deeds ho has done, for tho Banquet, wo aro told, is not to glorify him. Ho cannot oven crack a joko with an opponent, for he nan have opponents only as a mun, a party man, and not as an abstraction. Nay, moro than this. In talking of Responsible Government as an institution apart from all personal considera- tions, ho will havo to bridlo his tongue. With tho representatives of the old röginio amongst tho invited guosts, etiquette will scarcely allow tho orator to contrast tho now system with tho ono it has superseded. Theso restraints will sit heavily enough-most heavity on tho Pre- mier. But ovory man whoso business it is to talk, will feel tho full awkwardness of tho con- ditions iixod for him. Tho Committee stand plodged that Mr. DONALDSON, ns a political per- sonage, shall ho as though ho woro not, and that no sontimcnt shall bo littoral throughout tho ovoning which tho Premier's most sturdy opponent might not cheer us lustily as his most ardent udmiror. Hoavon help thoso who havo to enduro tho weary platitudes of an oratory thus bound ovor to koop tho peace. All this was very needless. It involves a sacrifico of interest, of wit, of eloquonco, which vory little is gained in oxclmngo for. Even tho tributo to Mr. DONALDSON is rondored less flat- tering. And all for tho sako of a moro sham. Everybody knows that tho Bunquot is a party banquot. It was bogotton of tho Hamlets' oloctiou. Its father and godfather, its nurses and guardians, aro tho chief of tho ministe- rialists. Would it not havo boon hotter for tho promoters of tho movomont to havo put it forward under an honest guise, and to havo invited tho political admirers ol' tho Cabinot to pay thom a compliment ? Such a courso would havo savod a vast deal of embarrassment, und rnndo an ovoning whoso dulnoss promises to ho rollovod only by music, wino, and woman's smile, full of political intorost. Dignified non Indi ty is a very proper thing in a constitutional Govornor, but dignified reservo is a vory slow affair at a great public dinner whore ovory man of oflielitl noto is expected to say something, and ia «fruid to Bay anything. Even tho people out of doors, wlto do not think tho honour of dining with Slr WILLIAM and Mr. DONALDSON cheap at a guinea, uro to somo extant suflbrors. Wo do want somo ministerial nianifoato. Tho pooplo aro waiting for it, and getting impatient. It is not what thoy havo lioon used to, Unit a now ministry should so long rofuso to mivko a sign. Thoir ro-oloctions passed ovor without any revolution of tho soorot councils of our officials. Perhaps thon thoy hud no policy, nnd without any doflnlto mousuroa to submit, could do nothing moro than tho viiio-rogal »pooch did, that ia oniiiim rato tho subjects on which it was iloslrablo to ieglslalo. But tho caso iniiat bo ulterod now. Tho tinto allowed thom to preparo their scheme of govornmont is on tho ovo of expiring. Tho; publie would havo boon well plousod to know j something of a matter on which a profound, and indeed nu unroasonnblo, silence hus so long been maintained, i ¡ Our ignorance is absolute, and even conjecture, is at fault. An entertainment avowedly to the ministers would have enabled them to give us a little of their mind. Even Mr. DONALDSON would have been gratified, wo suppose, at an opportu nity of unburdening his heart, and opening that mysterious black box, " big .with the fate of C.GSAii and of Rome." We are quite satisfied j that a secret must be an intolerable burden to our first minister. And to be doomed to keep a secret in an after-dinner speech-at the hour when tho most reserved acknowledge the truth of the motto, "In vino veritas"-to keep it when the jingling of glasses, the clapping of hands, and tho graceful wavings of handkerchiefs stimulate the sensitivo man to openness . of heart and frankness of speech-is a yoke too irksome to be decreed by committees, stewards, or any other of the duly constituted officials of feasts. Tho restraint has been unwisely imposed, and unless it is broken through, which would be a breach of pledged faith, the Banquet, we fear, will be dull . of spirit, however glittering and brilliant its outward form. 