WHAT A DAY MAY UKIN G FOUTU. PROSPERITY may be changed into adversity, hope into despair, health into Mrkncss life into death, and peace and war, will in the fraction of a little day. Then, with this Mil MIHI truth ever before us, is it not necessary that in those evil days of blood, and M rife our counsellors and wise men should stand aloft like trusty watch- men of their towers m tell us something of the night, and guard us from the dangers thereof. "We have a Parliament-have, whilst it', is ours; we have a Minisin-have, whilst it is ours and, doubtless, they have arranged many important subjects on which to exercise their wisdom and their eloquence. Doubtless there will be much quarrelling, uttering, and motion making ; doubtless there will be excellent speaking, and it is too likely there will be much sawing of the air with the band, thus; and which, j to a dreamy looker-on, gives the speaker the appearance of a pump throwing cold water on the matter in consideration. But amidst a host of local questions and conflicting interests, there is one rising like a Colossus, and whose importance is daily growing more and more absolute. This is a matter not to be discussed is yet in open council, but as it concerns every one, to be taken home and pondered over in the parliament of every man's heart. This is not a light or a pleasant trifle. but an overweening and beetling fact; not speaking with the tongue of mirth, but like the ghost of Banquo or the veiled skeleton at old Egypt's feasts, with a silence more terrible it cries out of war and death. This subject, whose grow- ing prominence is causing secret anxiety to all thinking men, when brought to the light, like most great things, appears very simple, resolv- ing itself merely into the following question : If England go to war with America (which is now more than possible all the world will be at war ; then what of Australia ? Can we claim as a right to be considered as an integral part of the British empire, and to be defended accordingly, or will other British subjects who have the support of army and navy, say-let Australia defend herself. It has been, and now is the policy of England to elevate this land as soon as possible into a Saxon bulwark or check to Saxon encroachment. Grasping, selfish, and unscrupulous, as America is, it needs no ghost from the grave to tell us where she considers Britain's vulnerable point, and where she would strike the first and most deadly blow, could she see the least hope of success. That vulnerable point is Australia. Any man can see how America, with a small army and navy, but with the means of raising an unparalleled fleet of privateers, or pirates, would never attempt to meet her gigantic antagonist yard arm to yard-arm on the waters of the Atlantic. For, all the English ports being near at hand, " and crammed with all the munitions of war, would fit out fleet after fleet with a rapidity which would crush the light American ships like hornets in the grasp of a gauntlet. Besides, should war be declared, it would not be America's game to concentrate the war, for then, as the Times said, " We might still keep our hand on the throat of the reeling giant of the north, and at the same time thrash any meddled with the other hand. But it would be a far more serious matter to distract England's attention to the four quarters of the globe, to oblige her to keep strong fleets in every sea, and thereby weaken her offensive powers against her other foes. It is with a kind of foresight of such a heavy naval war that England doubtless wishes Australia to be able to defend herself, in the event of being obliged to leave us to our own resources, as she herself was left by the Roman legions. To think over this matter is the duty of every man amongst? us in the event of a general naval war what are we to do ? Are we to stand by with our hands in our pockets, and be whistled at by any filibustering blackguard as cowards ; or are we on our own responsibility, and with our own force, to fight any intruder for every inch that his foot covers. Let no one scoff at the words-our own force, for we have force, if we have spirit to use it; but let any misbeliever run his finger down the page of history till he come to the story where we are told that a little town called Athens, of about fifty thousand inhabitants, crushed in two battles the military power of a monarchy which numbered its ships by thousands, and its troops by nations, to the amount of one million fighting men in the field. There have been many witless jests cast in a very dull way upon our Australian Volunteers, The man of commerce, of learning, or of politics, laughs and puts the Volunteers down as a non- entity ; strong in the citadel of his opinions or wishes, he fancies there is no need for such a body. Many such men are very excellent arithmetician at the division of profit and loss ; but Michael Cassio was an arithmetician, and yet, according to shrewd lago, knew no more about the division of a battle than a spinster. The past Government has been very far from blame- less in damning " with faint praise a body of young men deserving encouragement instead of mockery, and amongst whom an esprit de corps should have been planted and cherished, instead of the feeling which seems to look upon them only as a puppet show. We are almost tempted to hope that some urgent occasion may show the Volunteers doing " the state some service" and, if so, we might safely give long odds, that, however poor their muster, or slight their encouragement, in the day of trial their English hearts will make good the fight. It is a hard matter to drive into the head of an Englishman the necessity of war, for he is the most peace-loving of animals, yet strange to say, once roused he is the most war-like. The lives of most of us in this land have been passed in unbounded peace, to us the word war has scarcely an echo a few of us have ever heard a shot fired in anger. We have nothing here to realize the idea or to remind us of war ; many of our citizens have never even stood on an old battlefield, those strange spots so prolific with memories that seem in a nation's story like noble scars on a gallant breast; here, they cannot sigh over the bloody records of Tewkesbury or Naseby, nor glow with envious heroism, whilst fancying themselves a Wallace or a Bruce on the plains of Falkirk or Bannockburn. Therefore, it is still more difficult to force upon the minds of such a people the necessity or the likelihood of battle and bloodshed by their own hearth- stones. To most of us death has been an affair of downy beds, and easy pillows, of will-making, attendance and physician's skill ; nor can we except in fancy, conceive the approach of that unknown King, as he appears on the battle-field, his grisly brow crowned with its diadem of terrors, full of the , wish, surrounded by the weapons of murder, and with all the other heralds and dreadful preparations for his pale advance. But the more we accustom ourselves to the possibility of yet seeing him in his most startling guise on our own shores, the more gallant will be his reception on our parts and if he come not, still we have lost nothing by being ready. But woe to us if war comes upon us as a thief in the night, and we awake to find fire and slaughter begin Thing, without arms to resist, or heads to plan. And this is what a day may bring forth : already American cruisers may be saturating front the Western ports, and, lUc the buccaneers of old, Utorji'iii in the united Mick of EI Dorado. Our include the duty then UPS in ¡Utuertnitiin«;-what can we' do, or what had to do? if such an tWiiT. takes place. Let (him come, and no return. is lins fittest and most British answer; or shall we listen to those- croakers who tell us we can only trust in a Providence that never helps those who do not help themselves, by keeping, us Cromwell aptly expresses it, the powder ay. _ D. P. 