THE BIBLE SOCIETY. Yesterday afternoon a public prayer meet- ing, anticipatory of the evening meeting of this society, which was participated in by a large number of the ministers of religion of various denominations, was held in the Wesleyan Chapel, Collins-street ; after which tea was provided in the school-room, which was pro- sided over by the Very Rev. the Dean of Mel- bourne. In the evening a special meeting of the Victoria Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held at six o'clock, also in the Wesleyan Chapel, Collins-street, the Bishop of Melbourne in the chair. The chapel was well filled. Prayer having been offered up, The Rev. Dr. PERRY said he had always great pleasure in presiding over meetings of the Bible Society, as the British and Foreign Bible Society was pre-eminently the institu- tion of which England might be justly proud. The present was the annual meeting of the Victoria branch, although it was not the annual meeting of 1856, which would fall due in November, but a special meeting; held to supply the place of the annual meeting which ought to have been held last year, but which was not then held. The society at home intended to celebrate the year 1856 as a jubilee year, by the establishment of auxiliary societies all over the world wherever practicable; and the Rev. Mr. Beecher had been sent to the Austral- asian colonies, all of which he had visited, and also the majority of the townships of the dig- gings of Victoria : last of all he had come to Melboune. The Rev. Mr. Poore had also tra- velled with him, and lent him his assistance in establishing auxiliaries. Mr. Beecher would give them an account of his mission. The Melbourne Auxiliary had not received all the assistance from the religious bodies to which it was entitled, and a meeting of the clergy had been held that afternoon to con- sider what means could be adopted to make the society more commensurate with the privileges they enjoyed and the demands on their liberality. Hitherto they had done but little towards the circula- tion of the Bible in Victoria, and had not pulled together in the matter. He hoped, however, that in November, the Secre- tary would be able to bring forward a more flattering report of their doings. He would conclude by calling on the Rev. Mr. Morison to read the report. [In consequence of the pressure upon our space, occasioned by the receipt of English intelligence at a late hour last night, we are compelled to omit the reports and abstracts of accounts read at this mooting.] The Rev. Mr. MORISON also read an ac- count of the mission of the Rev. Mr. Beecher in the colony of Victoria, which had been prepared by the Rev. Mr. Beecher himself; and an abstract of the accounts of the Victoria Auxiliary Society. A letter of apology for non-attendance. In consequenco of the interference of ministerial duties, was read from the Rev. Dr. Cairns. The Very Rev. the DEAN of MELBOURNE moved the first resolution, as follows That the report be adoptod, printed, and circulated, under the direction of the committee ; and that the following gentlemen be elocted the office-bearers for the ensuing year :-President : The Lord Bishop of Melbourne. Vice-President : The Rev. Jas. Glow. îrcasurcr: Mr. Kerr. Secretary: Itovs. A, Morlson, M. Goethe, N. Guinness. Commlttoo : I)r. Wilklo, J. i James, Aid. Cloiros, W. Mncrodlo, - Browning, If. | Cooke, A. Ollvoi-, II. Langlands, It. Smith, Councillor Guthrldgo, II. Budge. J. Ihirkhardt, Hutchison Mow bray, Dr. Cutt«, and n. Jennings. Depositary: Win. linker. Auditor,! : 0. Vaughan and W. Gi leo. It was only the Gospel which could bo effec- tual in binding together the heterogeuootu and conflicting elements of which Victorian fociety was made up. The Rev. MATTHIAS GOETHE secondai the íesolution, and spoko at some length of the adaptation of the Bible to all classes and nices of ineu, which, ho contended, all sprang fiom the same origin, \- The OHAIUMAN then put the resolution, w bIch was adopted. , The Rev. D. SEDDON moved tho adoption of the second resolution, r. That this meeting gratefully aclcnow ledges the into icst manifested in this auxiliary by the parent society, ijiid expresses its sincera gratification al being favored with the presence of the Rev. Mr. Beecher as Its re- presentative on this occasion. i The Rev. Mr. FLETCHER, in the absence of Alderman Clown?, seconded tho resolution, which was put and carried. *» r The Ohairmai f Vm introduced the Rev. Mr. "BEECHER to tia- meeting, who spoke of the I pleasuic which it .and given him to bo dele ' gated by the pnunt society to the Austtal nslan colonies, and to meet that evening on tho samo platfoinithe représentatives of tho majority of tho -sects of which tho Ohiistiau body was made up. From the timo of the establishment of tho Victoria Auxiliary the Australian colonies had attracted tho anx- ious attention of the parent society, which had always manifested a sincero desire to render them all the 'assistance in its powai. lhe Bible Society did not arrogate to say to " any man, "Thus B.iith the Church;" all it , said was "Thus saith^tho Lord." As thoy * were all aware, great ignorance prevailed^ at homo as to tho condition of these colonies, lnoio especially with regard to its wealth, and the parent society had placed at the disposal of tho deputation the sum of £2000, to bo ex- pended in the formation of auxiliaiics, if it should be needed. But he had found all tho churches independent, and while thankful to the parent society, not only declined all offers ot assistance, but expressed a hope of beingable to subscribe towards the w*»"' ' '"itself. n'u- .... «--'cue KC1BI.J. , . *u» bpeakerthen gave au ia ïéicf.tlhg' »Ketch of the history and piogress of the parent society, and said that about . 50 millions of Bibles had been circulated by Bible societies, upwards of 29 millions of 'which had been circulated by the Biitish and Foreign Bible Society, and translations made into no less than J C3 languages and dialecte. In tho English language the parent society had chculated upwards of 17 millions of ci pies of the Bible. In the Irish, 90,000; in the Gaelic, 144,000; in tho Welsh. 850,000; in tho French, upwards of three millions; in Sweden, 750,000 ; and in China, ono million copies of the Now Testament and 60,000 copies of the whole Bible. At the Crime t aleo, during the past war, the society had chculated 150,000 copies of the NewTosta i ment, in no less than ten differont languages. The Rev. Mr. DRAPER moved the third resolution That in consequence of tho successful opoiatlons of tho deputation, accompanied by thollov. J. L Pooro, in cniai ging tho operations of this auxiliar} by establish- ing branch sociotios thioughout the colony, this auxiliary has found it nocossary to incur a hoavy amount in ordering Bibles, and therefore tho onlargod I liboraliti of tho blonds and supporters of tho Bible Society will bo required to enable it to boar thoso I increased expenses. The Rev. Mr. POORE seconded the resolu- tion in a veiy stii i ing and effective speech. 'I he CHAIRMAN put the resolution, which ?waa adopted. Blank forms wera then distributed through the meeting, that the parties present might bo able to givo annual donations or subscrip- tions. Tee Rev. Mr. BALLANTYNE moved the fourth resolution That while this mooting devoutly acltnoii lodges the Divino hand In tho establishment of auxiliary socio tics and other human instrumentalities, feeling that nil oflloioncy is of God tho Holy Ghost, would inv Ito nil Christians to united and Iori ont prayer for tho Spirit to rest upon all thoso Instrumentalities, and on all tho rcadors and hoarors of tho Word 1 ho Rev. W.L.BINKS seconded the resolu iicn. which was adopted. 'Ihr- Rov, Mr. MORISON moved a voto of ihanks (o the Lord Bishop for his conduct in Iho chai i, md to tho trustees of the chapel for the loin of tho chapel on that occasion, which voto having been suitably acknow- ledged, the Doxology was sung, and tho pro- ceedings terminated at a few minutes to ton o'clock. The collection taken up in subscriptions iind annual donations amounted to about £(300. _ 