MISCELLANEOUS, Tun DesTRUCTion on Moscow it was on the 16th of September, 1912. At midnight, Napoleon, in utter exhaustion of body and mind, retired to rest. The gales of approaching winter shrieked portentously around the towers of the Kremlin. Suddenly the cry of !' lace J" re- sounded through the streets. Far off in the Eastjimmense volumes of billowy smoke, pierced with flame were rolling up in the stormy sky. Loud explosions of bursting shells and-uphea- ving mines, scattered death and dismay around. Suddenly the thunders of an earthquake were heard in another direction. A score of buildings were blown in the air. Pluming projectiles of Miss. »jost combustible and unquenchable material, were scattered in all directions, and a new volcano of smoke and flame commenced its ravages. Earthquake sucuutsdud earthquake volcano followed volcano. The demon of the storm seemed to exist in its high carnival of destruction. The flames were swept in all directions. A shower of fire descended upon all the dwellings and all the streets. Mines were sprung, shells burst, cannons were discharged, waggons of powder and magazines blew up, and in a few hours of indescribable confusion and dismay the whole vast city was wrapped in one wild ocean of flames. The French soldiers shot the incendiaries, bayoneted them, tossed them into the flames, but, still, like demons, they plied their work. P43ACUA.111.ENESS OF RUSSIANS The most singular thing is, that the people among whom this military organization of the whole nation prevails is, without exception, the most pacific people on the face of the earth, and upon this point I believe no difference of opinion exists among all observers. Having lived for several years in a position which enabled me to mix much with the officers and men of the Russian army, such is my strong conviction of the Russian character. M, Haxlhau'scn mentions, as a point admitting of no doubt, " the absence of all warlike tendency among the Russian people, and their excessive fear of the profession of a soldier." The Russian people have no pleasure in wearing arms like the Turk or Pole. Even in their quarrels among themselves, which are rare, they hardly ever fight and the duel, which now often takes place among the Russian officers, is contrary to the national manners, and a custom imported from the West. The people take no pleasure in the fighting of beasts or birds as in bull fights, or ram-fights, or cock- fights, which are common amusements among some Eastern as well as most European nations ; and when the Russian is drunk, which often happens, he is never quarrelsome, but, on the contrary, caressing and given to tears. But, on being aroused, he exhibits a degree of patient endurance, which is astonishing, and a steady enthusiasm, which shows great power of feeling, and which is deeply seated in the national char racter. He meets' death and the severest punishment without fear, and strange anecdotes are told of the impossibility, as it seems to him, of disobeying the letter of the orders received. Russia, on tJwlilack Sea and Sea of Azoff. -IAII'011'ÍA.NCE OF NicoLAiioi'if.-NicolaieJL* is not merely a port of construction, as is generally believed in Europe, but a port for arming ves sale of war. In grave circumstances, the Russian squadron of reserve used to station there and if that has not taken place during the present war the reason is that Prince Menschikoff desired to have, from the beginning of the war, under his orders in the port of Sebastopol, and the armed vessels which were in the Black Sea. in order, too, that vessels of war should be able to navigate between Nieolaieff and the sea, the Russian Board of Admiralty has had a channel made the whole way down, from which every rock or impediment has been carefully removed, and in which during eight months of the year there are twenty-three feet of water. The depth becomE considerably greater when the river rises. The Russian fleet in the Black Sea at the commencement of the war consisted of sixteen ships of the line, amongst which only three were of the first class ; the others, all of the third and fourth class, drew only twenty-two feet of water when fully armed. The arming of these vessels had been effected altogether at Nicolaieff, and they arrived at Sebastopol without the slightest difficulty by following the channel already mentioned, each having her guns on board, as well as her full complement of men, and an entire supply of provisions and stores. It results from what has just been said, that ships of the line can be built and armed at Nicolaieff, and can then, during the greater part of the year, proceed to sea quite ready to fight As to vessels of 120 guns and upwards, they can take all their guns on board, with the exception of those of the lower deck, and complete their armament at Sebastopol. It may thus be seen what advantages can be derived from Nicolaieff. Both that place and Sebastopol are classed in Russia among the ports of the Black Sea, just as Roche fort- and Lorient, which are some way inland are in the list of the ports of France. The official name given to Nicolaieff by the Imperial Government speaks more strongly than anything else that can be said. Nicolaieff", according to the literal translation of the name, is " the chief place of the Russian marine in the- Black Sea." The establishment of Sebastopol was only the chief station, of the Russian fleet; and the place | of assembling when any expedition was in con- template ton. Moniteur de la Flotte. THE DUKE OF CAMBRIDGE AND MR. GLADSTONE ON THE PEACE At the Mansion House (dinner, on Easter Monday, the Duke of Cambridge, in responding to the toast of the Army and Navy, hoped and trusted, though he spoke without authority in the matter, that we were now in the eve of an honorable peace j but be said that, if peace were established, the country ought not to revert to those limited establishments, which existed previous to the outbreak of the present war. He trusted that the Jessen in this respect would not be thrown away, and that they would henceforth look on the maintenance of the army and navy as one of the necessary evils, without which a great empire could not possibly maintain its position in Europe Sir J Paking- ton proposed the health of the Lord Mayor, re marking that the important duties of the ancient office were never fulfilled in a more honorable and dignified manner than by the gentleman who then occupied the chair, Sir Gladstone spoke on behalf of the House of Commons. He trusted and believed the whole country was of opinion, that the House of Commons had been justified in voting freely and liberally those large sums of money which had been required for a war under taken with no purpose of aggrandisement but to serve the ends of a policy of humanity and justice. He did not think he went beyond what the truth of the case would justify when he stated, that the war, which they now trusted was happily concluded, would stand in no small degree conspicuous in history for the purity of the motives from which it originated, for the fidelity and honor of the great alliances by which it had been can led on, and he ventured to add, also, for the rapidity with which the political and moral objects in view had been achieved. But returning peace would bring for the taxing power difficulties scarcely secondary to those of war. It would be the duty of the House of Commons (said Mr Gladstone) to consider how the heavy burdens imposed upon tbepooplc could be wisely alleviated, to institute a thorough, systematic, and searching investigation into the state of the public establishments, and to make wise, circumspect cautious, but, at the same time bold, and vigorous efforts to be jug thorn back into the state in which they ought to be, so that during pence, while making adequate provision for the security of the country, Parliament might be able to grant to the laboring population that relief which they had a right to expect, and at the same time, if unhappily we should live to see the day when it would again be necessary for England to buckle on her armour and to draw the sword, her establishments might be found in a condition thoroughly fitted for the work they were expected to perform, and the heart of the country might not again be wounded and torn by calamities, which could not be reprieved? but which it was felt might in great part have been avoided Argus. Tite IMPERIAL BATES: LIKENESS letter from some, of the 15th instant, states that the Pope was getting everything in readiness for the satisfactory performance of his share of the ceremonials destined to salute the opening career of the infant member of the Napoleon dynasty. A complete and magnificently adorned set of baby clothes, with all the requisite apparatus, suited to the first wants of Ids imperial godson, were being prepared by the Pope's orders with all possible despatch ., and, after much discussion, the eminent Gardiner. Patritti, vicar-general, has been chosen to represent the person of the Pontiff at the baptismal ceremony at Paris. It is a customary thing for the Pope to present a set of baby linen to catholic queens or em- presses on their accouchment. FINE AT DRURY HAND THEATRE. On Friday afternoon, March 7th, g cat alarm was created among the servants of Drury-lane Theatre in consequence of the discovery of a smouldering fire in the "flies" of the stage. With little difficulty the flames were soon arrested without causing any material mischief. Mr. Braidwood, the superintendent of the Fire Brigade, was immediately sent for by Mr. Smith, the lessee, and on his arrival at the theatre a strict inquiry was instituted into the cause of the fire, it was eventually traced to have resulted from wadding in au ignited state, discharged from a gun in the course of the performance of the pantomime the previous evening falling into one of the beams in the files, and, the timber being exceedingly dry, it quickly ignited, and from its proximity to the scenery, in, its early discovery is considered most fortunate. A few hours later and Old Drury would have met the fate of Covent-garden. Neither the theatre nor its contents are insured. HER MAJESTY'S -Lord Ward is the reputed sheet anchor of Lumley in the contemplated or rather guessed at opening of her Majesty's and which is the only house her Majesty will go to, for the personal insults offered to her by the Drury-lane management render it quite impossible she would ever put her foot beru3ut.li that roof while Smith is lessee, and lessee he'll be for many a long day to come. That kings and queens rarely forgive and never forget an indignity offered to their individuality is an old axiom true as it is antique and our present queen is sprung of a race notoriously implacable. Ibsen's S i'ARS.-^Among young musical and theatrical artistes about tornado on the horizon, we (Athenwum) hear of a younger Alice Keeley, from whom we are bidden to expect good things. We are told, too that a Signorina Paz the daughter of the professor so long established in London, is about to appear. F. J PEACE.-Every one repeats that peace is made that the Powers me in complete accord, and that the formality of signatures has only awaited the pi eBence of Prussia. A great many circumstances, no doubt, corroborate this opinion; but if it has really been thus hastily concluded, it is a peace which must leave many important points undecided. Those points are to be left, we are now told, to subsequent settlement; but if peace be proclaimed while they are left uncertain, the parties who resist must finally triumph over those who demand. Peace cannot be broken when it has once been proclaimed; and against claims of justice, inert obstinacy must finally prevail Examiner, March 22. HORSE FLESH AS HUMAN FOOD.-The> Paris correspondent of the Morning Chronicle writes: " No one will contest with the French the palm of gastronomy; yet it must be admitted that the ardour of science will carry men a leetle too far as I think English readers will agree after perusing the following: It may be remembered that M "isidore Geoffrey Saint Hilaire, the naturalist, recently called public attention to the fact that there was no reason why horseflesh should not be consumed as food, and, acting on his recommendation, the authorities of the veterinary school ofA-Uort dudToulausQ gave banquets of horseflesh which were pronounced excellent, M. Lavocat, pi ofessor of anatomy and physiology in the school at Toulouse, has since made other experiments. Soup was prepared from an equal quantity of beef and horseflesh. and that from the butter was again declared by a number of scientific men to be gin early superior. The beef and horseflesh used in making the soup were then eaten. and the latter was found to be more savoury. Steaks of horseflesh and of beef were then served up without sauce of any kind, and the former were found to be more tender. What was particularly remarkable was that though the horseflesh was declared to be superior to the beef, the former came from an animal of between 16 and 17 years old, and the latter from an or not half the age. The account further states that a horseflesh ple was also made and eaten cold, whipp was likewise pronounced excellent, It says, too, that the boiled horseflesh is better and more tender cold than hot, M. Lavocnt adds, that from the success of his experiments many families of Toulouse have given dinners of horseflesh and that others are preparing to do so. Perhaps these Amphytiyons will. make its fate to. state on their cal- ds of' invitation what the banquet is to consist; of, so as to give their guests a chance of declining, if they are not ardent lovers of novelty. M. Kosstmi.-Walter Savage Landor has addressed to the Times a plea for M. Kossuth. He states that the illustrious exile is in straitened eil cumstances, and, without having consulted him on the subject, proposes a public subscrip- tion on his behalf, trusting that" the most eloquent of statesmen since Demosthenes will not refuse that public tribute which another of much celebrity accepted. The Times answers the appeal in anything but a generous fashion. COUNT OiiLorr's MUSCULAR STRENGTH. The following anecdote is related of Count Orloff and his muscular strengthens a grand du ties which he gave, hearing a lady admire a magnificent bouquet placed in one of the ornaments on the table he took it out to present it to her but finding the flowers wet from the water placed below, he imagined on the instant a porte boquet of a new description, He took up one of the sil- verging plates, and rolling it up like a sheet of paper, he placed the boquet within it, and in that sent the flowers to the lady. MONETARY CRISIS IN AUSTRIA. The Mil- ing Post's Paris correspondent, under date 25th, March writes : The Austrian. Minister of Fine ance has declared that the only means of saving the state from a great monetary crisis is by reducing the army to the extent of 200,000 men. Some of the Ministry are said to be opposed to this, on accounts of the unsettled political condition of many parts of Austria; but it is believed that the proposition will be put in, practice as soon as the treaty of peace is signed. COVENT GARDEN THE WE.st is proposed by the Duke of Bedford to convert the site of this edifice into a poultry market! It appears there has been a sort of Muscovy monomania for ducks and drakes in this direction among the Bussels for generations. They would rather hear the cackle of cocks and hens, the gobble gobble of turkeys, the gabbling offense, and the Canfor . may shriek of guinea fowl, than the. judging of the Nightingale herself the difference to their auriferous auriculars being this, that one is merely anote ot'exclaiantiou-voy at pretoria nihil-, while the other is a note of admiration-a vox that rhymes with cash-box. The time has at last arrived for effecting this design-a consummation wrought by fire. The rebuilding of the pile is out of the question : no phoenix can ever spring from that pyre:but in its place there is to be-oh ghost of the nine Muses rolled into one a wholesale chicken hatcheries. 