THE JEWS AND THE PEERS. (From Lloyd's Newspaper, 29lh Jane.) On Monday, the House of Lords made short work of tho Jews. Again is the door of Parlia ment slammed in the face of the Hebrew ; still is Mordccai doomed to sit on the cold steps of tho House of Commons. Lord Lyndhurst made another of those noble speeches that have shed a glory around his old age. The Nestor of dobate was never stronger, never more argumentative, more subtle in his distinctions, more broad in his statements. Alt availed nothing against the here ditary exclusiveness. Peers may bo cut for the stone, but not for a prejudice. The Abjuration Oath is to remain unaltered ? conserved in its absurdity that amounts to im piety, by those precious words, ' tho faith of a Christian.' Members of Parliament, kissing God's Word, aro to renounce the race of the Stuarts, a race vanished from the face of the earth ; a race, it may be by special indulgence, inhabiting the fields of Elysium. There King James the First, according to last advices, was contemplating a new edition of his 'Counterblast against Tobacco,' and there James the Second was counting beads of moonshine with shadowy fingers. Anyway, all the Stuarts are there ; not one- 01 uicm Demg left to this world, oven by the slanting descent of a bend sinister. And these legitimate' ghosts, these regal shadows, senators and officials are still to denounce, as thouch they were still flesh and blood, breat'h m mail of proof, and brandishing swords against our Sovereign Lady the Queen, tho Prince Consort, and the rest of the royal family. It is very true that Lord Derby, by his bill, endeavors to extract all the aosurcmy trom the Abjuration Oath, whilst at the same time lie religiously preserves the bars and bolts in the words, the ' faith of a Chris tian,' that keep out the Jew. We are yet to .earn, however, whether the Earl of Derby is to to allowed to play witli the House of Commons familiar as his garter.' For the truth is, it is not the Stuarts who are denounced, but the Jew3. It is not any Pre tender who is sworn against, but Baron Roths child. A Jew is a Lord Mayor : nevertheless if wooden arguments could, as tW'mioiifc; h brought to bear upon certain lords, they-ivoule confess that Gog and Magog remain uncircumd ciscd. But this, it is contended, would not be the case, were the Jew admitted into the House of Commons. One Jew from his' seat -would Judaize the whole commons of England. It is very, true that, on his own confession, Mr Sa muel Warren contemplates a Jew with a feelin^ 'approaching to awe;' but with a Hebrew in the Commons, Mr Warren would incontinently feel himself Judaized — and this, it must be con fessed, would be a very tender point for con sideration. ' ! Nevertheless, the Parliament will, in due sea son, inevitably become Judaized. It is but a matter of time. Even peers with a prejudice die at last : though as Kyan's solution preserves wood, so it would seem prejudice preserves men. Ihe_ most obstinate animal in creation is, it is admitted, the rarest animal to be seen dead. Thomas Moore— Lord John Russell. — In the the work ' Memoirs, Journals, and Correspon dence of Thomas Moore,' lately published by Lord John Russell, in volume eighth, at page 129 et. seq., in a letter addressed by Moore to James j Corry, Esq., the following passage appears :— The letter in dated 'Monday. December an 1812\. —'When you mentioned the idea of 'an author's night,' I thought it was one those mo mentary speculations which flash before the eyes and then vanish ; but as you seem to be follow ing up the intention, I think it but fair to tell you that I would by no means accept of it. If Dublin Imjl many such ingredients in its mixture as you, Diilton, Power, and a few more, I would look upon a tribute of this kind as not orily ad vantageous but honorable, and should reckon uj) tho ' golden opinions ' of such sort of men with pleasure, but, alas ! alas ! to lay myself un der an obligation to ? , and ? , and have tickets ostensibly for my benefit circulated among tho low, illiberal, puddle- headed, and irross hearted herd of Dublin (that. nnUW,,.;,,,. slanderous set, as Curran once so well described them to me,) this my dear Corry would never do. No, no. A man must indeed think with the so' often quoted night man of antiquity bonus odor nummiexrequalibet ; who would receive it reek ing from such uncleanly sources ? I love Ireland but I despise Dublin ; nor has it one claim to' my gratitude to prevent my doing so. 1 1 have' never been valued by them as I am here, and I question whether, even in a lucrative point of view, you would not be grievously disappointed in your hopes of making a house for me, &c.;, &c.; . . Therefore, pray, put it out of your head I my dear friend, and tell Dalton and Power my easons, &c7; &c;, | 