■i YNOD OF THE DIOCESE OF ADELAIDE. t T »»c-*day morning-at half-past u o'clock, the clergy j r_, Di Kjcse anil the lay, ri p-cscntaiivea of the various . !i ns hisemblcd at Trinity Churcb, where the ; t\ >n mi a m Senrtce was read and the Holy Sacrament *!u L-ji J's Sappier was administered by the Bight » t he Lord Oishop, assisted by the Very Bevercnd irr 11, Deaaof iydcltdde. : '/»>,. ' nunbeTB of the .Synod then adjourned to the i u/^r Uouse, -and the rail was called over by Mr. lirristrar of the Diocese, present—The Lord 1> >p -u Adelaide, the Very Bev. Dean Farrcll, th* !u v. Mf^rs. Marryat, • WiwdooCc. Bus sell, Strong, Miller, Packhard. Jenkins, Titherington, CuV-ii-i i-Word, Andrews, Farr; Messrs. Tomkinson, Yiv • L:'ht, MacDermott, M.L.C., Wooldridge, Wick ir -I'lt Accaman, N. Blyth, Bailey* Dolman, Miyor V VjobVtt, A: Slyih. M.I/C., Alfred Hardy, A\ , s tiers, Gilbert, Stodcs Hammond. Penfuld, "*1. % l.ennard, B. 0. Andrews, Capt. Freeling, ::id Major O" Hallo ran. M-. Wi'.kstcod, in* the absence of Mr, Brantbwaite, v-rciary. . \">w L >"i> UisHor read the following address "" fi i» not without sincere thankfulness to Almighty »1 i 1 if lis day.meet the Cliureh representative of this DI j and welcome around mc, together with my ; br?ihrcn, so large and resectable a body of >u' [v o'co. Synodsmen. At sjch a moment it were un g:;.,... •<■» y.\ complain, of the antagonism and opposition wliU-■ -> iulicMveJ on the attempt made last year to reator i'i- a=i • ioiit and lawful organization of the United Churc I-ita *£.vA and Ireland in this Diocese. It could hard b 'vvj),N ii-.'j that the revival of Diocesan Synods, so lon^ m-u-oi—i lie elements, powers, and duties of which were to i c LMtli^red fromS^ripture, compared with early eeele ti a! u=age—would fail to cxcitc the fear j and doubts > 'i . . aa-. i iif jealousy and suspicion of others, appreheu * ousciuences whereunto such matters might grow. I'; ;n:i:t v it could hardly be believed that the simple kit \\. *4> replace, by4 compact* among the members re Church, that power of self regulation which, in ib-. Church, had been provided by the common an i H-ituV- eceicsiastical law, us well as better to provide j .-i n.. i.vi? tj iiancc and extension or our religious oidi drawing together into closer fellowship the vi. i . • ».'regations of our Church. The anxieties, ] 'ui-i-. r ti.us awakened were overruled to good, by , .nrc general and searching examination of the p.. .v . ^ue resulting, in the end, in a more settled f the propriety of the conclusions arrived at; ji-i.l v.hM- . t length, it was seen that the head of the y.\, -r.'.'wi- .umself a Churchman, and deocendcdfrom d members of the Church, as well as the rr iicad of the law, the Senior Judge of this r.:i . i:.'nesscd their approval of the regulations m that momeut opposition ceased, contention t id the minds of clergy as well as laity were • v'L u.'l n >: r v to pursue such objects of reiigiooB interest \- ri't .{j.'u \a ist to advance the tpiritual welfare of their . ••••iivr • ojugrcgation3. The late Easter Vestries were i dibtinguished by a peaceful and friendiy >-ul t of which is seen in this large and influ lg sf lay representatives. li ivouiii. however, be to take a low and false view of '. < tr::i .".A of such synodal meetings if the mere tran ' ccloiasticul busine--s, the raising of fuuds, v ."i,- m.- ittenancc of discipline^ were considered to be -*.r iivj - st and holiest purpose. It is not so. The uragemcnt thus alforded, both to the clergy a: id i:n. ••. ; .ic sense of individual responsibili'y brought :<v nromiueuce of position in the Church, the sotiicrhood in the Gospel of Christ, the inter v te timcut between clergy and laity, and the 1 r -.i. iuaintance with the ministry by the people, } U the real objects of such occasional ; 1 cities the dilfusion of valuable information, i cc of general Church measures, and the re r;.c: mistaken or erroneous impressions. Theycul IkV/t. m the Church feeling ofbrotheriy anion and t j •orati«»u, as opposed to isolated, selfish, individual } now proceed to lay before yon the statistics of ti i: Lii Lion in tabular form, so far as I have ; stl'ie to ascertain them. Not that they give y cn>ip).?te view of our actual state or progress; i n*: :,ro chiefly valuable as showing the enormms <U of pastoral care ar.d public ordinances under u'hich the members of our Church in the I'^li c?::'. iitue to labour. I earnestly pray God that the "i'-v: tii is exhibited may stimulate every member of our CI?irL-h "-ho values .the solvation of his own soul and a l:i> brethreu to be up and doing in the cause of our Lord Gospel and Kingdom, so far as his individual injlruimntalit/ can further them. The decree has gone firth—1' Heucoforth the Church shall, under the blessing of O.i'L grow by the zeal of its owu members.* Be li-'V)},:/ jhea as we do in the providence and care of the ilead of the Chmch, let us accept it without rc pi uiii j, and let us pray that it may be said of each one of II-c 5*rv-fiis as it was said ofHimself, * The zeal of thine Lou- luth even consumed mc/ Were this sentiment si kixu^-A upon our hearts by the spirit of God, who could douLi <h:J 'so roightilyas grewtbe Word ofGod and pre-, r:iib.dT in the apostolic age, in like manner wonid it grow . !u th'j-i? litter days, not by State aid unwillingly con- | -.'v'ded, but by the laith, seU-deuial, and almsgiving of it-; members. ' 1. L hCficH AocoMMoDATioir.—There are thirty-six pl-j-c-k in which Divine worship is celebrated according lo our Liturgy eveiy Lord's Day, exclusive of the Gaol rlf -ft • u'kr.de, and Hospital, where services are also sop pi od by ministers of our Church. In these houses of priuvr there ia accommodation for 6,500 persons, and fiilLin^s let 3,314, or litUexnore than one-half Tnis, however, does not represent the total sum collected by ^oionrary contribution in our Church ( f>r though the citiiugv arc mostly let for £ I each, yet whenever the sum si.-: ta ideqaatc to malutaia a minister, a Stipend Fut: d hi-z been raised in addition, while the fees paid on acc-Mint of occasional services ore not inconsiderable; to which must also -be added the offertory alms, and the u-^ur.l monthly collections Tor - the expenses of the riuirdiei. The total sura rased within the year for b'lildmgs, vtipenda, and . the ..maintenance-of Divine worship, cannot much have fallen short of £13,000. According to the last census the number of persons •nominally belonging to the Church of England exceeded 33,' kK), scattered through the hash, unreached as yet by millenary clergy* There ii -evidently large scope for our exertion to bring them within reach.of- the ministry oi the v/ord and Sacraments. The number of those actually known to have «o^nnuaicated is 788, but this faJU short of the true number of those in full communion, fici lu? that our presbyters are too few to offer this Sacra ment to numbers who live far from towns and places of worship. "2. Ocoasiostax. Dptjt.—That, the clergy have, in many instances, much occasional duty daring the week, will be sufficiently apparent from the number of burials, ' 42 >; baptisms, about 1,127; marriages, 429; confirmed, I 291: Sunday scholars, 1,915 ; besides the .churching of ] wonun. And these numbers would be considerably enlarged were the bush divided into convenient mis sionary ( l-euita, over which itinerating elergy could he placed. Preparatory to such a measure I visited last year the Mount Gambler and Mount Remarkable districts; Mr. ibbeison, the stations northward of Mount Arden, as far as the Pound; Mr. Wood, from the mouth of the Wakefield to Crystal Brook; Mr. Farr, Clare and Mount, Remarkable ; and not long since Messrs. Wood cock and Strickland made a pastoral visitation of the valleys of the Light and the Gilbert. " 3. .Cxiubch Build ores.—During the year 1856 the nave of Chrlstchnrch', North Adelaide, was extended; St. Luke's Chnrcii faniit, as well as St. Mary's, Wood ville; St. Jude's, Brighton, and St Jade's, Port Elliot, at an expense-' of not less than £7,000—olSrhich more | than £2,000, spent on Woodviile Church, was the muni ficent contribution of one single individual. Trinity Schoolroom also was doubled in size, and already, in lssu, St Pool's, near Hindmarsh-equare, is rising Itom its foundation!, the first stone having been laid exactly two months after the opening and con seciatiou of St. Lake's. The Church at Norwood, I understand, is likely to be shortly commenced, and there is a prospect also ofothers being built at Glen Os mond, Payncham, and Campbeltown; whenever the legal questions of site and tru-it-deeds are arranged. At Nan-' ka!iila,also, funds are in hand for. the like purpose.. With regard to Glen Osmond, 1 regset to "state that the' building ofa chnruhhaebaen-been delayed by legal pro ceedings between Mr. O. GUlea and the trustees, of whom the officiating minister, is one, having -reference to the1' proposed site. This unhappy result bears ont the decision of the Synod withirspect to excluding from local trds- - tcesbipof bis own Church the incumbent minister, and evinces the wisdom of the 'Compact" by which such improprieties will in future be prevented. A model trust-deed for the Diocese at -large, not com pulsory on any party to adopt, yet embodying the pro visions for the management of parochial churches which are most approved, and the incorporation by ordinance of Diocesan trustees, to hold and manage ecclesiastical prog icriy, would be, f believe, eminently useful, and save a vast deal of needless expense and trouble. Bat though in the immediate vicinity of Adelaide where the popma : lit inn is large there is a satisfactory progress in church building, the want# of the bush are neither folly under- j stood, nor have measures yet been devised whereby those wants may be (applied. This brings, me to the conside ration of the 4\. IrrccKBmrcY un> MrssroHXKr Systems.—It was natural that the members and ministers of oar Chnrch, who had always eqjoyed the'benefit# of the parochial system established for ages inEnglondshould endeavour U reproduce that system in this colony. In Adelaide itself no one, I think, will question its applicability and ; the advantages which it secures; but it is otherwise among the scattered settlers in the bnsb. Few in num bcr comparatively, and there widely scattered, they are unable to provide adequately for a resident incumbent minister, ner has sufficient care yet been' taken "to secure - ' It cannot surely be expected that for. a prosperous community like-tins the mother-country-should supply I ...- ,i i well as stipends to the clergy who minister among us, as we provide ontfit and passage. If . the emigrant poorof England claim sueh spiritual assistance daring the pro ens- of settling in these colonies, , it cannot extend to maintaining a settled incumbent ministry.) To open fresh missions, to visit the settlors in the far bnsb, to send out the itinerating missionary who;dull preach the Word of God instant iaseason sadout of season, this, in a young colony, we may iairly claim from the Mother Church. Bat as time goes on even these-home mis sions should be undertaken by the colonial dioceses them selves. We must therefore, endeayour to raise a general Chnrch Fond throughout our ecclesiastical parishes to aid the formationof missionary districts, and in bringing ont experienced clergymen to undertake this difficult sphere of ministerial duty. . It is good for us to be thus constrained to exert ourselves, for there is no vitality in that religion which does not look beyond its or,-# i nmediate spiritual wants. "The congregation which' is satisfied with providing for itti own minister and church owlinances has. yet to learn the first .principle of ChristUnlove 'Thou Shalt love thy neighbour as thyself;* and' will assuredly, from the nudging splritwhich itcheiisheawithln itself, fail to fulfil adequately even that -its own admitted duty. Hence, indeed, arises the valne of all missionary effort, properly sooalled. It -draws out .evangelical affection towards thoso who can make hi no re torn, it is an effort of disinterested love—-the love for'God opening out in love lor man; and they who -most cultivate * sncu feelings will be tbe'Iastto " grow wearyin well doing' for the House of God or the ministay of the Word among themselves. Even tire depth ofpoverty may thus be made to redound to the riches of Christum liberality. " If; indeed, theinenmbency system is to be carried out,. vis., placing a resident minister in a'fixed '(pot, charged with the enrenf«onlsimmwiiatelyaronnd[«ndfr.)nif^riny. on the Lord'a Pay to them only, It Js obvious that in populous places alone, where the members ofohr Church arc congregated in-sufficient numbers to maintain a miuister, can we hope to establish .congregations. The scattered residents in (he bosh arefaT beyond the reach of such a ministry; and the natural consequence has' been that they bare attached themselves to other bodies of Christians, whose iaypreachers and missionary cir cuits have brought the Word within their roach. Are we satisfied, I ask, to lettiris state of things continue? Are wc content to own that we cannot provide the bread of life for those of oar own house?' Or, dare we say in the presence of God, that we will mot show forth our love for Him by loving onr brother as ourselves? It is not true that the settlors in the (rash can- accomplish this object for themselves. Combination is required, consultation, agency, effort, trouble, information, advice, authority. Years roll on while populatitn is increasing and children grow up with little or no religions instruc-, tion, with no habit of public worship, until religions in terest is lost, and men cease to care for their sonls. Ig norance, the parent of superstition, succeeds, and then, in the place of an orderly God- fearingpopulation, we see oft -n in juxtaposition the .extremes of godless dissipa tion and fanatical zeal, dividing on the 'Sabbath Day, but in very different proportions, a population not really though nominally Christian. "The proper remedy for this is the extension or the missionary system. The whole of the inhabited part of' the diocese should he divided into missionary districts,1 with a clergyman in priest's orders licensed to itinerate in each; his stipend guaranteed for a given Uma from the general Church Fond, .and (he people among whom he ministers invited to contribute for hi* permanent settlement and maintenance. Choosing "out the chief places of concourse he wanld officiate on the Lord's -Day where most could assemble; and appoint On week day evenings-services for the -mors snattincd and retired set tlers. with (uch a paitorat system-in feros, tt wooid not be found difficult to engage eapesienoed Maeated Christian laymen to assist the curate in maintaining divine offices during the occasional absences; and thus the habit of assembling together for worship and of im parting instruction in the Sands/ mt»oo! woud be eff c taally miintainedwith manifold blessing to all who thus engaged in the Lord's work. "1 may observe, however, that% the discipline of the Episcopal Church requires that such laymen »liould be recommended, "by the iwinuror Tinvin«r ihg euro of souls, and being.• found .duly qualified, should be formally licensed by the Bishop. Cay agency thus applied has already been found of great value and ellLiency. With these two systems,, the" incumbent and missionary , ministry, at-work, we should reach each class of settlers in a new colon?—those who owcll together in towns, and i those who make their abodoin the country. _ j M6. Sopjlt op .CiEHor.—Ic is obvious that tins plan ; requires animmcdiateaddition to the»uraber..fourelcrgj-, and that such clergy should be men of God, able, expe rienced, and devout. The most serious question for the Church in this Diocese at present is, how such a ministry may be provided and maintained. It is the universal and most correct feeling that they who minister iu the congregation should not only be, like Barnabas, * good mm, full of the Holy Ghost and of faith,' but in general education, scriptural lea ning, habits, aud manners ot life should be such as their hearers might look up to with .unflirned respect. I might.justly poiut to one wbom'G xl in His1 wise providence Iras thought fit to take from amongst us, pet haps to makp us feel more acutely the value of those ministerial qualifications which he so eminently possessed. In him were united a clear and cultivated intellect, a pure and spiritual mind, combined with a knowledge of men aud practical judgment rarely found united, if wo add to these graces a refined taste and gentlemanly bearing, we make up the portrait of a clergyman such as the Church of Eugland loves to houuur, and is often times permitted to produce. The sense Of our. loss iu liis removal, with the hand of death apparently upon him, is still too acute to make it necessary for me to do more than point to his pastoral and general influence as placing in the clearest light what are the clergy which we' need. May the Lord of the Vineyard multiply aud send forth many such into this portion of His vineyard; for in one single twelvemouth the scanty number of our clergy was reduced by four, t^o of whom were removed either by death or sickness, one by a sense of filial obli gation, and the remaining one by voluniary emigration ti New Zealand. " It is matter of congratulation, however, under such circumstance', that none of our services have been dis continued, -none of our churches closed. The opportune leturn of our valued friend the Dean on the daj follow ing that which witnessed the regretted departure of the Revs. E. and A. Burnett; the admission of the Messrs. Neville aud Strickland to the Dc icoaate enabled me to make arrangements whereby Divine service at Willunga, Noarlunga, and Mitcham were continued; and at the same time a new mission opened, comprising the valleys of the Gilbert and the Light. The liberal and zealous interest for a long time taken in this object by Mr. James Masters pointed out his residence as the starting-point for the missionary's labours; and from that centre, with the blessing of God, may spring up con grcg tions at the Kajmuda aud Hamilton, calling, in due time, for resident iucumbent ministers of their owu. I am happy, then, to have it in my power to announce to you that the Homo Missionary sj stem of our Church in this DioecsC is begun, to be hereafter, I trust, fully developed. * 6. TnEOi»OGiCA.i. Studebts attd Catschists.—III connection with the supply of Divine services, 1 ought not to forget the assistance afforded by the occasional employment of the theological students attached to the Collegiate School, probationers for holy orders. They have been thus practically instructed iu the duties of their future calling, aud already, as it were, separated from secular pursuits. "7. Honorary Lay Headers.—Another, not less important, and in some respects even more effective aid has been rendered by experienced Christian laymen, who have offered themselves willingly to read the Liturgy of the Church, with a word of exhortation, among the set tlers of the rural districts. The usefulness of such ministrations depends altogether upon the character, consistency, education, social position, and personal iufluence of tlnse who have undertaken it. Recom mended by and placed under the direction of the minister of the district, as well as examined and licensed by the Bishop, they have rendered, at Salisbury, the Dry Creek, and Eu field, essential service to the members of our Church; and have prepared the way for a settled pas torate as soon as the good Providence of God shall send to ns the fitting person to occupy this important cure. Having witnessed the working of this lay agency for a period of three years, Ithiak it as expedient i'or a newly settled country, as I deem it to be scriptnrally lawful. Such 'helps' to the orda ncd minister, if wisely selected, tend at once to bring out the sacred character of the Christian layman, as well as give wider range to the pis tor.il influence of the ' elder* who labours in the Word. I have also lately learnt from the Bibhop of Melbourne that such a system has been recommended by high eccle siastical authority at home. " 8. Chubch jTirifD.—The future supplj of clergy, as ■ well as pressing demand at this time for a missiuuarr ministry, forces on me the consideration of ways and means by which they arc to be provided. It seems quite forgotten by those old colonists and more recent settlers who complain that no clergyman of the Church of Eng land ministers to them, that they themselves ate In some measure to blame. • They have not contributed, nor taken any step towards contributing, to defray the expense of bringing out one single clergyman of the 23 now ministering under me in this colony. At a mode rale average it costs £100 to place a clergyman perma nently in residence amongst his congregation, if eveu then he can be supported by them without extraneous assistance. The greater part of the existing clergy have been sent out at the expense of the Mother Church. I am not aware that one shilling has been used for this pnrpose from money contributed by the colonists. It is time they should understand this, and learn that the supply of means from Hag-laud is rapidly coming to an end have lodged there a sum of £300 for the outfit and pas sage of four clergymen to the colony. When that is ex hsusted it will remain for our owa people to contribute for this purpose. Meanwhile, to show the necessity of raising a general Church Fond under the control of Synod, how, I would ask, are the first expenses of a cler gyman on landing to be paid; his subsistence, lodging, the duty and cartage ot bis goods, to say nothing of the possible Incidents of sickness and the expense of his journey to the scene of his future labours ? It required £50 to forward the present incumbent minister to Koo riuea, .with his family and baggage. If, then, my pro posal be adopted to extend our home missionary opera tions throughput the inhabited parts of the colony, it cannot be accomplished without a general Church Fund to defray the preliminary expenses. For this purpose 1 hope that each city and rural parish, after providing for their own minister, mar be willing to coutributethrough the rweditim of % local association collecting subscrip tions, or after an annual sermon, or by devoting the offertory of one or more Sandays to this special purpose. " The following districts my be named as requiring at this time the settlement of a missionary clergyman:— "L Salisbury district; extending from Dry Creek to Smith's Creek. "2. The Gilbert and Dirty Light. "3. Kapuuda and Trnro. ." 4. Lradoch Valley aud Pewscy Vale. "5. WestNarriea, extending northwards from Clare to Fort Augusta. -6. East Narrien, at present visited by the clergyman of Kooringa. "On the South— "L Eenola and Mosquito Plains. " 2. Mount Gambier and Guichen Bay. The Bremer and Lower Murray. "4. Yankalilla and Myponga. " It would be desirable also to divide the district of Noarinnga and Willunga. Port Willunga, Aldinga, and Maclaren Vale contain a population more than suIBt cient to employ the sedulous attention of a single cler gyman. . "0. Collegiate School.—Connected withthe snpply of future clergy, it is impossible to pass over in silence the Collegiate SebooV as the destined nursery of a fatore colonial ministry. It was with this view that the So ciety for Promoting ChristUh Knowl dge originally \- voted £2,000 towards the' establishment of a grammar school, with which should be connected four theological students. Tweed- hardly-remind'-the Synod how the liberality of TV, Allen, Esq, lias -fostered and is still fostering this, design, bypreparing commodious aeeom madatioirfbr suoh'students, at well as excellent dormi tories for not less. than 80 boarders, betides separate rooms for the second and third- masters. To this insti tution I look with the greatest possible interest, and pray God that He may. so direct and bless' it as to make it a means in His hand for raising op a devout and educated ministry in time to come. " 10. Enccxirorr.—And here, in connection with the Collegiate School, I cannot but notice the present state of public education in this province, and the causes why it is languid and ineffective. . "In my opinion—1 may say in the opinion of the wisest and best men of the existing generation—instruction is not education, nor is education right without religious teaching. "Beligioua teaching -to be real and earnest must he definite. No teacher latitudinarian in principle or com promising in tendency can win the confidence or fix the principles of truth-loving youth. Tongue-tied teaching can never warm with a generous enthusiasm. Abstract, notional objective truth it may, so fhr as permitted by State regulations, duly impart; bat there will be no labour of love, because no spirit of love is in the matter. This it is winch is the bane of all attempted compre hensive Sate religious education. To be comprehensive is tobe vague, andtobevagueistobecold. -Wherechildren or lads are gathered together in one household, the altar of united worship must be raised up: the teacher mnst spesk ca one having authority. The college or the school mart: not .reproduce the. idle contentiousness.of the market-place of Athens. The division of the Christian— yea, of the Protestant,world, are sufficiently humiliating .and ajCcientl/ injurious withoutr stereotyping them before the eyes of youth, and setting np within the precincts i of the same court authorized teachers of distinct and conflicting systems. Such an advance, however, towards -comprehension as'is consistent with definite religious worsnin and reaching was made by throwing open the day-school to all of every denomina tion who Will conform.to the rulesof the institution; nay, more, by granting leave of absence on the Lord's Day-to all such boardtra as'prefer other modes of warship to that carried on in the chapel of the College. "Such a system may be unpopular,bat itis not unsound. Adopted from conviction as at once most consistent with troth and genuine liberality. JYon eurum ardor pravajuSentiam \- Jfon vtUtiu imtajiiU tyranni, ■hall shake, please God, from its foundation "Having teen all my life more or lessconnected with school and university life in Engbmd,it can hardly be sap posed that I am unfamiliar with the various schemes of national and university education, which have been under discussion for the last 30 years. Some 25 years ago, as a resident. tutor/ of Oxford,. I was in favour of ad mitting Dissenters to . the benefit of the educational system there pursued, bat without infringing upon the collegiate discipline and religious instruction required by statutes. The plan has since been adopted, namely, fo throw open" .the Hniversity. as distinct from the Col leges, bo, far. as its educational honours and benefits were concerted; retaining at the same tune its essential con nectiop with the .Church of .England in .its legislative _ T>y -many and deplored in secret that .Ihe Government system, of education as regards ' moral traihihg fonnded on'the Christian religion is a failure. The cause I believe I.have truly indicated above. Ministers of . religion generally have felt, as -honest'men,- that they imhldifot heartily co-operate with a system by which they-were-tongue-tied in expounding Scripture. I deprecated such a'system on its first pro posal; I deprecate it Btili. The trial has been made and it has been found wanting. I . am prepared, there fore," to tnhinf* and" co-operate in a movement for building -and maintaining, in connection with each of our congregations a . school in which religion shall he taught according-to the views and principles of the Church of England, and where the clergyman shall not be deemed an unauthorized intruder when he would feed the lambs, of Christ add labour in the Word and Doc trine. 11\. Suicnix-ScitooM.—Meanwhile I commend to hearty,-and prayerful co-operation the parochial Sunday-schools in connection with our con gregations. I know no more cheering sight than to behold, on the Dord's Day, young and old assembled to study together the marvels of God's Word. To the ex tension and perfection of this system we are called upon more especially to look, since oral religions instruction is all bat shut out from the State day-school. Nor do I think we shall gain anything in tha clearness or efficiency of the instruction imparted in our Bunday-echools by attempted union in this matter with other communities, with which, so long as we believe in the scriptural cha racter of our Church discipline, we hove not and cannot 1 have principles in common.. T would earnestly recom mend to all who engage in this work a close ana patient study of the Articles of our Church, as well us of its his tory—s course of proceeding which through grace would inculcate loyalty to her without intolerance, and gralefol reverence without sectarian bigotry. . \- "12. School Fckd.—If the Heme Juswonary scheme above proposed be followed out, it will.obviously bene ewumartobuilj email cottage lecture-rooms in different litforSuijliwdrday.schools. Ths^vantageo?sneha baDdhig st MIiitaro, given by tha morality of Itsasri Brown and J. Gilbert, is too well-known to require fur ther argument I shall be prepared, therefore, to propose a grant from the Leigh Fund to meet auy jeotribtuions pljcei at the disposal of the Synod by private individuals foi such p irpose. There 6eems also no reason why the wtll-qualiued schoolmaster might not pass through the probaiionaiy course oTacatcohist, and 'so be admitted to holy orders of deacon,without proceeding topriestho-id. tu country places oven in.Eugkmdl such a s stem has j been found useful, and H' is peculiarly well suited to the j exigencies of a newly-settled colon j. <( 1$. Missions to the Heathen.—I am well aware j that in proposing these plans to you 1 am but engaged j iu raising the scaffolding by which we hope to build up 1 f hi» snirif-iifll fiimn'onf^hriut <i.iHmfitonnniin1Anr^o^ the spiritual temple of Christ, and make a people prepared for the Lord. I know that one may plant, and another j may water, but that it ii the prerogative of God to give the increase. We may daub the wall with unicmpcied mortar, whose fall wid come suddenly at a moment. We may cover with a coveriug, but not of God's spirit, and then vital warmth will not be diffused through the body | of Christ. Therefore, it is that I would, in the last place, . call your serious attention to one great sin of omis ion of which this Dioccsaa Church ha* been guilty—1 mean with respect to missionary effort towards the heathen. . With regard to the natives of this country, the failure of nil ntwtri/iMC Cl+omnf* wtIia+Uai. ?„ V/inr C ,.+U I all previous attempts, whether in New S ,uth Wales, Victoria, or Western Australia, and here also up to the date of the Pooniadie Mission, led even its well-wishers to be all but hopeless of the Archdeacon's success. I do not think that ihat feeling prevails now. But ei*en if the legal claims of the aborigines on the Laud Fuud Bevenue had been folly acknowledged by the State, and grants made sufficient to maintain that and other like industrial institutions, still it woul-1 be well for us to eht-rish in our hearts a kindly regard for pur brethren of a darker skin. Inde pendent altogether of their physical comforts, there are many ways in which their religious welfare might be advanced by our contributions as individuals. The stipend of the Missionary Archdeacon 11 ale is to be wholly provided from missionary subscriptions. He is not paid by the State. In contributing, then, towards this mission, we may taste the sweetness of that disin terested love which joys to save a soul from death, and hides the multitude of sins. This, then, should be the first object of missionary association. '*14. Australasian Board op Missions.—The rem nant, also, of the saxnc race is largely scattered over the islands bordering upon the eastern shores of this great island continent. These islands arc within the lim:ls of the Dioccsc of New Zealand, a Suffragan Bishop of the Metropolitan Province of Sydney. Twice that devoted and intrepid Bishop has visited that interesting chain 6trctchiug north-westward from New Zealand towards New Guinea. To aid him in this adventurous and apostolic labour the Australasian Board of Missions was constituted at Sydney in 1850. The Dioceses of Sydney and Newcastle then contributed above £1.200 towards the purchase of a missionary ship, to bear the glad tidings of salvation to those benighted children of nature. At that lime all other suffragan dioceses were invited to co-operate with the Board- A succession, however, of trials lrom withiu and from without have hitherto impeded this co- operation amongst ourselves. I seize, however, this auspicious raomeut, when this Diocesan Church enjoys unwonted peace and unity in itselC to place the whole subject of missionary effort before you; and I believe it will draw down the blessing of God on us, if we signalize our revived synodal organisa tion by taking up the mission work properly so called. We should also thus mark our respect for our new Metropolitan,]Dr. Barker, by connecting ourselves for mally with the Board of Australasian Missions, of which he is the President. Whatever contribution may be raised by missionary sermons throughout the churches might either be wholly or in part given to our owu Poonindie mission, or one moiety to it and the other to the Board at Sydney. It is not the amount, but the priuciple—it is not the result, but the sympathy—which docs good to the mission-loviug Christian. * He is watered because he waters others.' His fresh springs are in Christ, and thus the love of Christ being shed abroad in his heart, through caring for the heathen,' he loves his own also unto the endand that so much the more, because h<\-- has widened the circle of his affections, and carried out his kindly feelings towards those for whom Christ died, whom God lias made of one blood with us, and who are entitled, as much as ourselves, to wash in that fountain which the stcoud Adam has opened for sin and uucleanness—His own most precious blood—the redemption- price of our fallen, corrupt, and common humanity. 44 It temains only for the representatives of those parishes which have not formally accepted the 4 Com pact' to affix, on behalf of such parishes, their signatures to that document; and that the clergy on their part should ratify and complete their assent to it, already given, by resigning their existing licences into the hands of the Registrar of the Diocese, and receiving from him others, according to the form, and with the stipulations agreed ou in Synod." His Lordship took occasion to mention, in the course of his ad ?ress, that numbers of persons were in the habit at various churches of using always the same seats with out either paying for them or in any other way contri buting towards the current expenses. REPORT OP THE STANDING CQWWTTTEB. The Rev. Mr. Woodcock read the report of the Standing Committee, as follows:— u Owing to the continuance of the session of Synod till July last, the labjurs of the Committee have been com paratively light, and may, therefore, be briefly reported. " 1. The Synod appointed a Committee of its body to enquire into the causes that led to the decrease of the Pastoral Aid Fund, and to consider and offer suggestions upon the question of its appropriation. "2. The subject of extending the ordinances of the Church throughout the rural and thinly-peopled portions of the Diocese has£engaged the Committee's earnest at tention. Convinced that the incumbency system has, in many instances, been prematurely adopted, they would strongly recommend that in future, for the most part, Church extension should, in the first instance, proceed on the missionary principle. Acting, in conjunction with the Lord Bishop, on this principle, Committee have been enabled to establish a mission, embracing the Hundreds of Gilbert, Light, and Knpanda, of which the missionary's head- quarters will, for the present, be Tiverton. The Rev. F. Strickland bias been licensed by the Bishop to this mission. "3. In addition to these missions or missionary cir cuits, a plan has been adopted juid partially acted upon for paying occasional visits to the more remote portions of the colony. The Lord Bishop, the Rev. G. H..Farr, and the Rev. W. Wood have made tours through the north-western districts; and the Rev. D. E. H. Ibbotson has visited the north-eastern as far as the Pound. It is hoped that these occasional visits of a clergyman will lead to the permanent settlement of a missionary in the several districts. The Rev. W. J. Woodcock, too, has visited the newly-formed mission of Gilbert, Light, and Eaponda. "4. The statement of the Treasurer, as compared witn that of previous years, shows a considerable falling ofl£ ih some districts, in mbscriptions to the general Church Fund. . This the Committee, however, are led to believe, does not arise from any loss of interest on Hie part of members pf the Church in the important objects of the fund, but partly from want of collectors, as well as from the fact of no missionaries having been, till lately, ob tainable for the remote and thinly-populated portions of the Diocese, and, in many instance*, to increased local efforts for the support of the ministry and other objects." Mr. Wicesieed, theTreasarer, read the cash account. DECLARATION OF ilBlCBBRSHIP. •The Registrar of the Diocese produced the decla ration ofChurch membership, which was signed by such of the Synodfimen as had not previously attached their names. ELECTION OF OFFICERS. A ballot was taken for the officers for the ensuing year, Messrs. Hammond and' Wooldridge acting as scrutineers. The result was that Messrs. MacDermott and Wicks teed were unanimously re-elected Treasurers, and the following gentlemen appointed upon the Stand ing Committee:— Clergymen—The Very iter. the I>ean; the Rev. Messrs. Marryat Basseli, Woodcock, Farr, Sdioales. and Pollitt . Laymen—Messrs. MacDermott, Wicksteci H. Blyth, Tomkinson, Wooldridge, Gilbert, Duncan, Hammond, Freelihg, Cobbett, Goode,Stocks, Acramsn, and Fiveash. EBPiV TO THE ADDEESS. Mr. Neville Bltth moved— " That the consideration of a reply to His Lordship's address, in a Committee of the whole House, be the first order of the day for Wednesday, the 30th April." Seconded by Mr. SrocKB. This motion was carried, after some discussion, and after the rejection of a proposed amendment. lOTicas oy Monoir. ' By the Bev. Mr. Bosselz.— "That a Committee be appointed to collect informa tion respecting the present state of education in the Diocese, and to make recommendations thereupon to Synod." By the Bev. Mr. Fakb— " That the Standing Committee be empowered to pre pare a Trust-deed for holding property given to Dio cesan uses, and to serve as a model local Trust- deed where the local trustees choose to adopt it." The Synod met by adjournment at 11 o'clock on Wed nesday morning. Present—The Very Her. the Dean ef Adelaide (Commissary), the Bevds. Meesrs. Woodcock, Marryat, Jenkins, Farr, Titherington, Coombs, BusseU, Andrews; Major CHaUoran; Messrs. Hartley, Duncan, Tomkinson, MacDermott, M.L.C., Goode, Wooldridge, Bailey, N. Blyth, Stocks, Babbage, Penfold, Cobbett, and several other lav members. Mr. Penfold acted as Secretary in the absence of Mr. Branthwaite. EEPLT TO THB BISHOP'S ABDRBSS. - His Lordship's address was read over clause by clause, and various resolutions wete passed for the instruction of the Sub-Committee, consisting of the Bevds. Messrs. BusseU and Farr, Mr. N. Blyth, and Mr. Babbage, who are to embody them in the farm of a reply. DIVINE S EH VICE. ■ The Bev. Mr. Woodcock informed the Synod of the Bishop's wish that the members should attend a special service at Cbristchurch, North Adelaide, on Thursday (this) evening, for the purpose of imploring the Divine blessing on their proceedings. Adjonrned to 11 o'clock next morning. The foUowing is apoftiotLof the statistical table laid before the Synod by the Bishop on Tuesday. The columns which we have not included refer principally to the marriages and other occasional services of the Church;— Ecclesiastical Parishes. Trinity ... i Chris tehurch St. John's .. St. Paul's St. Luke's ... St. Paul's, Port Ade laide All" Saints, Hind marsh St.Margaretfs,Wood yille St. An drew*a,Walker vine St Matthew's, Ken sington St George's, Wood forde StMichael's.Miteham St Mary's, on Start Christcnurch, O'Hal loran Hill StPeter's, Glenelg... St Jade's, Brighton St Philip and James, Hoarlonga St Stephen's, Wil lunga I St. Jade's, Port Elliot Goolwa ... St George's, Gawler St James*s,BiakiBton St. Mary's, Echnnga St. Mark's, Woodside St Thomas's, Bal hannah St. Mark's, Penwor tbftm St Barnabas's, Clare St Mary's, Kooringa St Thomas's, Port Lincoln . Poonindie St Peter's Col. School St Bride's, Glen Osmond . Enfield Dry Croek . Salisbury , Bivertou Hamilton . TTaflmnrtft. Total seats let ... Total Prtmmiwii-.nt. Very Bev. J. Farrell Bev. C. Marryat ... Bev.W. J. W oodcock Bev.A.B. BusseU... 350 Do. Pulteney-street 300 Bev. J. Pollitt ... 500 Bev. E. Bayfield ... 150 Bct. J.W.Schosles 350 Do.... ... Bev. D.Packard... 130 Bev.E. Jenkins ... 250 Bev. E. K. Miller... Vacant Bev. B. Strong Do. Bev.J.B.Tithering ton Bev. Ft Strong Bev.T.B. Neville... Do. Bev. J. Watson Do Bev.-W. H. Coombs Bev. 3. Fulford Do Bev.W. B. Andrews Do Bev. W. Wood Do RcTD.J.lLIbbctscn Ven. Arch. Hale Do Bev. G. H. Fair Bev. F. Platte Lay Headers Do Do Ber.FJ'.Strickland B46l|l43 (l#16 