OUR BRAVE BRITISH TARS To the Editor of the Sydney Morning Herald. t '' SIR-I am threatened with expulsion unless I inform. .. you that all Hades was moved with indignation when the underneath telegraphic despatch was received, -¡ giving an account of the decision of the patriots in the ; Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, that sailors ' should no longer be paid the extra pittance voted for them hitherto on account of their being so ready to shed their blood in defence of landsmen. Amidst the loud expressions of disapprobation the ghost of Lord ' Nelson appeared, and on silence being obtained, he, stated that there is nothing new under the sun, for l when he was on the earth he made the following observation to a friend on the conduct of the powers that be under similar circumstance : God and the sailor they alike adore In times of fear and danger, not before The danger o'er, both are alike requited ; God is forgotten, and the sailor slighted. The departed heroes shouted aloud their approve- .. tion of the truthfulness of the statement made by the gallant admiral, and his ghost vanished amidst I thunders of applause. | I remain, Sir, YOUR OWN SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT. Hades, December 16, 1836. , , COURT OF REQUESTS. £30 JURISDIOTIOK.-The, Court will resume this morning at ten o'clock with the adjudication of the case No. £8, continued from , the November sittings, Barton v. Cockburn. The assessors summoned for this day are Messrs. J. T. Smidmore, J. B. Smithers, and J. Stuart. LYCEUM THEATRE-The. W. H. Stephens announced a complimentary benefit this evening, on which occasion Mr. and Mrs. Stark, Mrs. A. Torning, Mrs. Charles Poole, Mrs. Andrews, and Miss Marie Nelson, F have volunteered their services, The entertainments will consist of " Quite Colonial," a musical melange, and the drama of " The Genesis of the North." MR. EVELYN The Governor-General, has been pleased to remit the remaining portion of Terra Evelyn's sentence, on the recommendation of the Premier, Mr. Parker. < BILLS IN Paoonitss.-The following is a precis of " certain bills at present in progress through the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly of New South Wales sal. A Bill to impose a fee upon the registra- tion of spirit merchants. This measure provides that within two weeks from the registration of the name and description of the premises of any spirit merchant, and also within two weeks after any such registration shall be renewed, the person whose name shall have been so registered must pay to the Colonial > Treasurer a sum of £30, if his premises are situated within the boundaries of the city, or £20 if situated elsewhere within the colony. Failing to < pay within the time specified, the party shall be liable to the penalties mentioned in the 17th section of the Act of Council, 18 Vic, No. 26. The Act to take effect on the 31st day of December next 2. A Bill to impose a duty on Bonded warehouses. After the passing of this Bill, the occupier of any bonded warehouse for securing goods under the provisions of the Act of Council, 2 Vic, No. 15, shall, '-Where' such warehouse ( shall have been measured, pay to the Collector, of Customs an annual duty of £50; and for the capacity ' of such warehouse to contain more than fifty tons, shall pay for each additional ten tons t of capacity, the additional annual duty of £1. cubical contents of every warehouse to be ascertained by admeasurement of the internal space by the Collector of Customs, or other officer, forty cubic feet shall be calculated to the ton. Any altera- tion of premises after measurement to incur a penalty, as provided by sections 108 and 109 of the before recited Act. A Bill to repeal so much of the Acts now in force in relation to insolvency M requires the assignees to pursue the directions of the greater part in number and value of the creditors attending meetings in insolvent estates. The preamble cites the Act of the late Legis-, nature, passed in the fifth year of the reign of her present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for giving relief to insolvent persons, and providing for the due collection, administration, and distribution of insolvent estates within the colony of New South Wales, and for the prevention of frauds affecting the a same," which was amended by another act of the same Legislature, in the seventh year of her Majesty's , reign, intituled, " An Act to amend an act, intituled, ' ' An Act for giving relief to insolvent persons, and providing for the administration of insolvent estates, and to abolish imprisonment for debt.' " It then prays that the power conferred by said acts on the greater part in number and value, which is liable to abuse, may be repealed; and that such assignees shall be unfettered, and have the same powers as if it had been conferred by the said Act upon such assignees, so as to be exercisable by them without any directions from or determination thereon by the creditors in reference thereto. - 4. A Bill to amend the Laws relating to Steam Navigation. This measure, after setting forth in the preamble that it is expedient, to amend the laws relating to steam navigation pro- vides that whenever it may be notified in the New South Wales Government Gazette that the Governor General, with the advice of of his Executive Council, has approved of a reciprocal arrangement being entered into between the colony of Victoria, or any other of the Australian colonies, as to the acceptance of surveys, made, and certificates granted to steam vessels, by competent B Lords in the colony or colonies aforesaid, - it shall be lawful for any steam vessel registered in and trading from any of the colonies so decreeing, when provided with certificates of efficiency and seaworthiness to clear at the Customs and proceed to son with cargo and passengers as if said vessels had been surveyed and obtained certificates from the proper officer of the New South Wales Steam Navigation Board, in pursuance of powers and authorities vested in him by the Act of Council 16 Vic. No. 46. At same time the Steam Navigation Board, on sufficient grounds appearing, may inspect vessels, and cancel certificates of seaworthiness, and order a Government survey and declaration ; but not UIJIPHS it shall appear that during the continuance of such certificate the vessel has sustained near h nt causing loss of life, of injury rendering her unseaworthy. louise provides for the number and cubic contents or ships' boats Recording to a given scale, which was regulated by the steamers tonnage. Every sea-going steamship quay ing passengers must have her compasses adjusted and high- pressure steamers must be MHA eyed quarterly. Further, it regulates the maximum weight on the safety valves, and provides that engineer shall not turn off steam from the mercury gauge attached to the boiler whilst his vessel is under steam. t ., * j ERRATUM-In the University Class List for " Stock i j"" read Stuck J, For .' Russell W.," read Russell Henry C. ' .(.?<...> 