PARUAMEÏT OF SEW SOUTH WALBS. , . ? LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. I FRIDAY, SEPTRITIIEII 19. Tan. Sr HA Kin took the chair at half-past three o'clock. RATI/WAY EXTENSION. : Mr. NICHOLS withdrew tho following motion . standing in his name, and gave notice of a fresh motion ; " That, in the opinion, of this^Housc, mensures should bc immediately taken, for surveying a linc for a railroad from a snitable locality in Maitland to ~ Public "Wharf at Morpeth." Il ESTO RATION OF PEACE. ' ' Tho SPEAKER reported that, in pursuance of the wish of thc House, he had presented to his Excellency thc Address açrccd lo by thc Assembly thc other .even- ing, congratulatory pf nor Majesty's Govcriimo'rit, and the Allied Powers upon thc cessation of- thc war, and the establishment of peace upon honorable terras, '' Ho had received from his Excellency' the following reply: fir. S penker,-I will take thc earliest opportunity of iorwai tothc Secretary or State for thc. Colonie». the eonirrolulatbry Ad- dress whitb you havo just placed ia my bands, In order that it may bc lnld at thc foot of the Thrcme without delay; " . ' 1 feel certain that tba expressions or tty and sati'factíon \ restoration of pence, which dre recordé it In Uiis Address, ar_ the echo ar thc icntlmcats of the inhabitants of New South ' Wale«. V. DENISON. Government House, 19in September, 183G. MATTER OP. ORDER. Hie SPEAKER wished to draw attention to an ir- regularity by which the debate upon tho motion of the hon. member for Murrumbidgee had been, repeatedly interrupted, particularly on the evenings, of Wednes- day and Thursday lost He alluded to the violation of tho rules of thc House by strangers in the gallery taking upon themselves express approval and disapproval according thc sentiments uttered by hon. members wero agrce ablo or otherwise. Ho would take this opportunity of stating that if thc practice wore continued in future, and thc strangers in the gallery did not think proper to point out thc guilty person or persons, he should ! immediately order the gallery to be cleared ; andes ho' had also noticed the same irregularity either on the right or thc left of thc chair, he wouid, in thc event of its being repeated, enforce the same rule with regard to the body of the House. (Hear, hear, hear.) PAPERS. Mr. COWPER laid upon the table a letter from the j Collector of Customs, Colonel Gibbes, explanatory of the notice of motion placed on the paper by slr. . Arnold, touching on alleged false return of Customs I Duties collected at Morpeth. He begged to more I that the letter be printed, ond as it afforded n com- plete explanation of tho supposed deficiency, , in tho return alluded to, he hoped thc hen. member i (Mr, Arnold) would consider it as satisfactory, and forthwith withdraw thc motion standing in his name. ! Thc following document was also laid an tho I ?table : - Minutes andCorrosponûcnos respecting tho Abattoir Mr. FORSTER withdrew his motton in reference to this subject, and gave notice of rt fresh motion. THE ADJOURNED DEBATE. THE ADJOURNED DEBATE. On thc order of thc (lay being called for thc re- sumption of thc adjourned debate on thc motion of Mr. Hay, "That in tho opinion of this HOUBC, the formation oT thc present Ministry under circumstances ?which precluded the prospect of its obtaining tho confidence of thc représentatives of thc people, was calculated to obstruct the public business, and is most reprehensible." Mr. RUSDEN rose and, in a very long and discur- sivo speech, opposed tho motion, We offer a mere summary of the grounds tuleen by thc hon. member in his opposition, to the motion. Ho first censured the hon. mcwer of tho resolution, in particular, and thc ' House in general, for not maintaining any consistent i line of crgument-any definite iden throughout the ¡ discussion which had taken place. Nothing had been heard in 'thc debate but personal vituperations of some ' m erobere, and laudations of their own merits -by par- ticular -speakers. He stated that whatever position he raißht hold then, he had always been a hard-w*rk ing man, "put he had never teen worked BO hard BB in having been compelled to listen to this debate. - It was not howovcr a time for joking, or ho might even endeavour" to relieve tho monotony of thc debate by soma eccen- tric relief. (Great laughter.) After some remarks on a quotation made .'by Mr. Donaldson-to which the hon, member attributed certain effluvia and heat com- plained of by other hon. members, and which he con- sidered the moat arousing part of the- discussion-the hon. -member proceeded to enter an earnest protest against the . personal imputations which had been Introduced into thc discussion. He admitted that thc charges which had been brought against some hon. members, might hove been brought against them, at tho Tiustings, where there was no shelter to any one from thc privileges winch the walla -of tliat House afforded ; but in that House, where there was no law but the privileges oftho House'to appeal to, those per- sonal eharges were in the highest degree improper. . Having thus deprecated thc right to touch on private ? character, tho hon. member proceeded to justify his right to enquire into the private character of others. Looking nt the resolution he considered it in tho abstract to be dishonest. It was a resolution most comprehensive, and yet most incomprehensible, and he did not see how the warmest friend ofthc Ministry could support it. After some observations in reference to the personal ebscrvaiions which had been made, the hon. member said-Some nllusicm'hkd been made to a threat which waa uttcrrcd by the rh an. Attorney-General. He did not tliink that threat was made in thc sense in which it "had boon taken ; he agreed that it would have been better had it not been made ; but, after thc discussion which had taken place, he would boldly repeat that threat, and he would take care to record the votes of those who should vote in this cowardly way against a moo who, on thc eliargo for which he was most severely at- tacked, had never been condemned, and had never been accused. He could not ofter the charges which had been made against Mr. Martin agree that there, had been any thing monly or delicate in the way in which those charges had been brought forward by the hon. member for Murrumbidgee. Thc charges of gross misconduct had been brought, and it mattered not how they were presented. They had all heard of gen- tlemen highwaymen, of aristocratic pickpockets, but it was not thc dress or .fashion of thc offender which altered the character of tho crime. Thc- motion he should consider on fair grounds. It might be under- stood as a vote of censure on thc Ministry, a personal censure on thc present Premier, n voto condemnatory of the general and financial policy of tho present Ministry, er as an insidious attack upon thc Attorney General. The hon. gentleman then protested .against this sort of doublo voting, and- also against the way in which the Attorney-General had heen treated, al- though he did not agree with him in.reference to his notions of thc privileges of tho House, or approve of his labours in committee. In reference to the privi- leges of the liar, Mr. Rnsdcn said : the privileges of \- thc Bar and the opinion of the Bar are not equal to the opinion of tho most stupid member of this House. ÍContinued laughter.) If they dare to presume to dictate to the House or'any member of it, thc ao'oner it is put a stop to and tho professions amalgamated the better. (Renewed laughter.) After several re- marks in reference to thc speech of. Mr. Plunkett, the hon. member claimed his right to deal with tho publie character of any man. Tho hon, member for Argyle hod thrown down tho gauntlet, and ho (Mr. Rusden) would take it up.' ' Tho hon. member then cited tho case ofthc execution of ?evcn men after a second trial, and observed,-how would it bc possi- ble for him (Mr. Rusden) to rest quietly, in bcd with7 out being haunted bv tho ghosts of those «even men if he neglected this opportunity of attempting to sever the duties of grand jury from those of Crown Prose- cutor ?'. (Laughter.) Tho speaker then alluded to , thc cases of iii. Bingle, evidence against whom, he ? alleged, was taken behind, his bock-- Slr; Tolnck,' nnd Mr. Lakeman. Thc hon. pember then alluded to the seven men who were hanged) a high functionary of tho ' church, and Mr. Lakeman, and the Attorney General, all in a breath; upon which Mr. OSBORNE appealed to tho hon. tho Speaker whether tho observations of thc "hon. member wcjc, relevant to Ute question/before tho House, ' i : -The SPEAKER said tho question had' token so, many different shapes that it would be impossible for him to defino at present .whether thc hon. gentleman was in order or not; ? . ' -" I : Mr". RDSDEN .hod no -objection. \to bo called to . order] . ' v. " '. - , ;Mr. PLUNKETT said he should not call tho hon. member to order':1 ho míght. 'say'.whát, ho'llikcd. ; (Laughter.),'.'."..'V. ',, ',' ?\r.--:> ? -: Mr. RUSDEN : ..There nra a thousand other cases ¡I .»hall TOeritiort 'now- (l«u*htc|)^-nuinbcrs( had .been 'jroaecuped wVojigfully,nna hundreds had escaped jvhb ought to bftvo been prosecuted. [Thc hom-member then \- alluded-: to 'speeches the AttornoyiGeheraÚ had m'nae on' thé hustirigí,, roWiníkirig ' flint"' hustingsp$títpk might" only to Tîé taken' for'what" they were worth', but not ns indices to the character of tho speakers.] nc had met tho hon. and learned member fMr. Plun- kett) before, hut ho hod not Pict feta in & fair field ; ho had met him aa a helpless individual ia a witness-box, and he (Mr,.Plunkett) then took occasion to , threaten i that ho would take five out of tho dock and put him in their place, if 'he did not: do what he believed to be perjury ; bat he (Mr. Rusden) very quietly snappsd his fingers at tho hon, and learned' member, trampled on his wig.with. his intellectual heel-(laughter)-and spnrned-tho grand jury of tho colony with his entire soul.' (Renewed laughter.) Should he refer to thc im- proper proceedings of tho country benches, who had become grossly corrupt through thc leniency of tho Government and j among others through the leniency' of tho Attorney General Î. Should he-mention the fact, that for. seven J days he waited at the door of thc late Attorney-Gene- 1 ral (Ur. Plunkett) to get his documenta, and that in | nine .months after ho caused the honorable, and ¡ learned member to- refund his money ? . The honorable and learned member spoke of the cruelty: of the -inca- i surca which caused this resolution , to ho! brought, for- ! ward." Ho hoped that tho'- honorable and learned; mcmber,:;thèn> if .he wished'to vote.Bgainst thc present - Ministry:''-would-.take a proper occasion to do so ; I .he hoped not Bupport- this ? mean and unmanly résolu tion-thnthó"Would1 forgive his enemies as ho forgavp him. (Laughter;) ; '£fe was "glad. to hear thc hon.;| nmmber for Murrumbidgee . (Mr. Macleay) sayithathp.| had once taken tbo7part of tho Attorney-General, ¡ because he saw that he was improperly opposed, bc- ' cause ,tliat gave him a hope that tho. hon. member would not vote against him now ; for he could not see , how any man could vote for the present motion with- out passing a direct censure on tue present Attorney- i General. , As to tho fact of Mr. Martin's having | been excluded from the club, ho did not sec how an exclusion from a place where- they sold spirits without } a licenso could affect him. Thc hon. member who moved the resolutions 'Bought to puzzle the young members by quoting the chapter, and verse of Acts of Council ; and ho had further taken thc undignified course of amending his speech in the public Press, in a lotter in which ho (Mr. Hay) used tho improper ex- pression " disorderly interruptions" to the observa- tions mode to points of order, when: honorable mem- bers with a proper feeling expostulated in a parlia- mentary manner, when they thought thc debate was taking an improper course. It was certainly not hy making improper noises, such as he had heard used, that honorable, members were to be called to order. Thc term " disorderly" could not be used in the House, why, then, should hon. members go out of the House and usc it ? The hon member quoted several sections I of an act, but he forgot to tell tho House that tho Act ' waa repealed six years baforc Mr. Martin entered thc House. (No, no.) Thc Act was passed in '42, and was repealed ph the 5th August '4.4; (Hear/ hear, and No, no.) Ho (Mr. Rusden) liked to catch thc lawyers tripping. (Laughter.) Thc petition against thc quali- fication, although the law made it imperative that it should be presented within five days, ? was not pre- sented until thc expiration of thirteen days. This petition, so improperly received, was signed by only eight persons, and was drawn up by an illegal tribunal who were .bound by no oath, human or divine. Thc return of Mr. Grout by the people of Maitland was a somuwhat similar ease. Tho House sent him back, but thc constituency again re- turned htm, and then thc House saw their error and acknowledged it by allowing .Mr. Grant to take his seat. [Hear, hear.) Mr. Martin was advised by Mr. Wentworth not to oppcar before tho inquisitorial tri- bunal before which ho was called, and he did not appear ; and it was not for the House now to put the hon. and learned member on his trial for what occurred then. Mr. Wentworth «tated that the House having erected another tribunal for thc . trial of these matters, had ? taken ' away nil power from itself os regarded such ' cases. He (Mr. Rusden) had had agood deal of what was called colonial experience-{laughter)-but] anything so pre- posterous as this resolution never came under his notice. - He had nevc?known so persona], so unmanly, so disingenuous an attack upon one man-an attack which could bo evaded in three ways, by saying thc censure was intended for the ministers generally, for their policy, or for thc G o vernor-General. (Hear, :heor). To lump.different meanings thus, in order, to catch votes-(" No, no," and " hear, hear")-was not honest. Slr. Martin had been re elected four times by his constituency; and no stone .- was thrown into this pool till now. Ho (Mr. Martin) brought an action, too, against the Speaker for thc affair in question, and got a verdict. (Hear, hear.') Many men took their scats in the Parliament of tho mother-country who were not qualified-(hear, hear) and this was net the only casa .in this country where men had taken seats without the necessary qualifica- tion. (Hear, hear, and" No, no.") To proceed to another consideration, he would ask, if' thc late Minis- try had a majority, why did they rcßign ? and, having resigned, why. did they comc'thcre to play at political warfare* If the present resolution was passed, .what was to prevent the present Ministry from taking up thc time of the House for weeks, asking the House to rescind thc resolution ? He (Mr.- Rusden) intended to vote for the present motion. (Hear, hear, and a laugh.) The only objection he had to the present Ministry wai that they were the nominees of - the late Ministry-(laughter)-for]would any one say that they would be there had they not been , placed in their pre- sent position by the late Ministry ? Thc late ministers had-como in like Dean Swift's big-endians and went outlike his little-endians. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) The hon. member, who moved the resolution, compared . himself to Fox, and. if the hon. member did. not, ho (Mi. Rusden) would; but ho could not sec in what respect this ho», member was like a fox,. except in so far as he had slily read all that was favourablo' to himself iii the history of the contest between fox and Pitt, and sup- pressed all that was favourablo to (thc other Bide. (Hear, hear.) In conclusion he (Air. Rusden) Sad always been .with the minority, and lie. feared he always would-(hoar, hear, and laughter), because he should always vote against prïyato persecutions,, and against all such malpractices. He trusted',-however, that on this occasion' hon. members would not forget that charity which hopcth all things. If they wanted to condemn thc Mihistrylot hon. mem- bers condemn them, but let them not by thc samo vote condemn those who -were not on their trial. (Hear, hear.) Looking ot thc various meanings which thc resolution bore, he would Bay that, if he. brought forward or.votod for such a resolution, he would never again look his constituency in thc face. He would disown his country,.and he should hope his country would disown him. Mr.-GARLAND "would have thought that thc . amount of colonial experience possessed by the hon. member who had ' jost sat down would have Bhown him that he ought hot ' to have indulged in personalities such as he had m permitted himself to . foll ? into. . In listening to tho speech bf that hon.,member he had been -ontircly at a loss to apply it, or any'port of it,' to tho motion before the House ¡ and certainly after the exhibition he had made,'lio was not at all surprised that the hon. member should hove, as ho had stated, found himself always with the minority. Thc speech itself had furnished a reason' for this interesting fact in the hon. member's history. - But that hon. member, <os well as many other hon. members ia that House, seemed to 'have altogether a wrong idea of thc ques- tion before' tho House, by fancying that it involved a censure on the character of thc present Attorncy Goncraï. : Now, tlioro woe nothing at all in tho motion that could in' any way lead to this opinion. ' An Hoy. MZMDZU: :-The opening speech . of thc . Mr. GARLAND:-Anhon; member'might make ft speech in support of a motion, and might Boy in ¡it many things with which! those who' supported the motion did not agree ¡ but this speech could not in any way be identified with tho motion itself,-if Ut wero BO, a very Btrong and a very false coloring, might often be given to many motions. As to the imputa- tion that Iiis hon. friend the member for Murrumbidgee Iliad osBailed the character of the Attornoy-Gcneml without having had any foundation for so doing, he. would soy on behalf of his hon. friend that'ho had .dono no möro'than to Télate certain'facts" as they :oppeared upon tho records of tbnt House, and there" could bo no blame to-him for using that which was public property. ? '. Further than that his hon. friend hod hot gone, and 'ho .was astonished to hear -snob a charge brought against him.- Her had-- been . sorry, Blacy'jto. seo .that in'; tho ''defence,1 as' it": had been' tcrmod, of ; tho Attorney-panerai, that hon. and learned '. member ¡ hod \taken. ¡ up ; the' some.view^ 'ahd'ho ¿lad bcon- surprisod that that hon. .aud'I8Hmed'*TnémbDrl'iwhó ha'd 'complainedpf "being assailed in his private character, should, ha'vb himself gonolnlo privatci mattere,, that ought nover to »bo touched uporif and' it certainly was not creditable in IgenUçmàn-holdirig thó;o%'Gi of. tho hon.' and learner! nicmbor to .have done RO in tho Way .ho liod.:Ho.woulÜ ?aIso!'roTpark upon tho threatrholdf out by tho hon. and ¡learned"mômbei-,is; to"thc responsibility that'.suchhod. members, ás Voted, forüio motion would incur', /.Tyhot that responsibility wasjho knew not; but for. his'dwi, 'Dart Ito xfljcti'b'ac Jit JJo-ibr it whotovcr itñhlght be;>£ ho rmd'-mWd«l'from yoto; fc^ tho.motion ^nnd^ifi nay ion JmorabM bo such a coward os to raokfi concessions of any kind to Buch a threat, ho would bo unworthy of tho ! ?ent ho held. It had been said that thc I lato Ministry had abandoned their offices, ¡ but ho did not think flo, for he vms of opinion thftt they had dono io constitutionally. Ho hoped, -the House -would consider that there was a very great difference between the present and tho last Mi- nistry. Tho late Ministry had been independent in every sense of the word, in principles os well^ as in pocket.' The emoluments of office wcro nothing to them, »nd he .believed that they had suffered severely in a pecuniary sense by giving themselves up to tho conduct of thc public business of tho country. The hon, the late Premier had, on tating office, told him (Mr, G.) that lie would ucver consent to carry on the Government of the country unless with a good work- ing majority of that House to back him ; and that ¡ whenJio could not command such a majority he would givo np the trust reposed in him. When thc hon. member had said this, ho (Mr. G.) had commended him for thc high principle enunciated, as upon such a. principio only could the Government of thc country bo satisfactorily conducted. When . he had moved tho: Address in reply to Iiis Excellency thc I GovcrnorlGoneroVs Spcech. from the .throne, he hail 'undertaken that task because ho had looked upon the j policy shadowed forth in that speech, with satisfac- tion; and; being satisfied with it, felthimsclf justifiod - I nay bound, tos npnert theMinistry who promised to carry. ;it out.' When uicy resigned, then, it was not to be ? expected that he should.give his confidence to those, who had been their opponents, especially after witness- ing thc strenuous and rancorous opposition they had' offered-an opposition which, to his mind, could only j have sprung from one of two motives : either because ' they opposed thc policy of the former Government, a policy of which he approved-or because their oppo I sition was merely factious. . In either case, it could I not bo expected that ho could extend his confidence to a Government that had thus supplanted a Ministry whoso 'principles he agreed with. True, there might have been another consideration which had urged on the present Ministry to their opposition of their predecessors. There was a probability that they might have had their eyes so fixed on the plea- sures and emoluments of place as to have excluded from their vision every other consideration. Even liad that been thc case, it was not a very likely cause for him to give them his support, particularly os they had throughout opposed every principle and every item of policy of winch ho approved. Ho had some objections also to individual members of the Govern- ment, and ho thought he might state them without giving offence to any. As regarded thc head of the 1 present Government, he admitted that he was an ex- perienced o fEcer, and thought that he would make a very good member of any Administration ; but, for 'many reasons, and particularly because he associated ?with other officers who wore objectionable, he could not give him his confidence. Coming next to thc hon. member for Sydney, thc Financo Minister, ha would own at once that that hon. member well deserved thc high compliments that had been paid to him-that ho was an amlabe, an honourable, nnd an honest mae ; and that he well deserved thc soubriquet he had ob- tained, of " Honest Bob." But something more than ? mere honesty was required for the Finance Minister of a great country. It was not enough that they should have a .mere honest man, ono who would keep his fingers out ofthc strong-box of tho Exchequer ; for this post, the mon who held it must be one of large and enlightened views, of a clear and comprehensive mind; and who could express himself at all events with tomcthînç approaching to perspicuity. Such were, to his ." mind, thc qualifications required for tho office, and which, he must say, the present incumbent did not possess in such a way as to entitle thc Govern- ment of which he was a part, to his (Mr. G.'s) con- fidence. So much had been said with respect to tho Attorney-General, that it was not necessary for him to remark on the holder of that omeo. With regard to thc Commissioner for Public Lands and Works, he acknowledged that that officer was pos- sessed of.high ability and attainments, and that ho had held a scat in tho representative Legislature of thc country ever since thc country had had one, and thought that under another combination of materials that hon. member would have made an useful member of an administration. - But there wcro objec- tions to him, and ho might mention what had been more particularly alluded to hythe hon. inoinbcr'for Parramatta, that the views of that hon. member on the subject of the Crown Lands of thc colony were not such as would cntitio him to the confidence of that House. This question he looked upon ns one of Büch vast and important interest to thc colony at large, that thc "Legislature ought to watch it carefully, and with a jealous eye regard every sentiment on the subject that might bc announced. Under such circumstances then he could not extend his confidence to this'Mi- nister ; and ho was rather sorry that a better selection had not been maka for thc office which thc hon. mem- ber filled. Perhaps, if some other hon. member of that House had ' hud entrusted to him thc task of forming a Ministry, ho would not have been so rash as tho present Premier had been,, or brought together such incongruous materials as he had done-rushing down at tho last moment with, au 'ill digested list to the Governor-Genera], palo with fear lest by any delay on his port tho cross benches of that House should prevent him from assuming thc office for which he so much longed. In his opinion the Premier should have looked farther, and more care- fully, for thc materials with which he proposed to form his Ministry, and if he could not find fitting materials heshould have gone to the Go vernor- General and said so. These were thc reasons by which, he was moved in his opposition to the present Ministry, and his support of ;the motion now before thc House, and ho felt 'that they justified him in doing so ; and to other hon. members who had any hesitation on tho matter ho would say, let them look only at thc terms of thc motion, and if they agreed with it let them say so. Mr. OSBORNE then rose and addressed tho House: His observations were for tho most part inaudible, hut .ho was understood to say that he considered Mr. Martin was a very usoful and intelligent member, and had always conducted himself with great propriety in .thc House, and been most active and useful in assist- ing in thc business of the House. It had been as- sumed that this resolution was intended to raise a hue and cry throughout thc country against Mc. Martin, Nov* he for ono would be a party to no Buch thing, Although ho had been in the habit. generally of sup- porting tho Colonial Secretary, in this instance he thought that hon. gentleman had acted prematurely in forming a Ministry, and he therefore should support tho motion. Mr. JAMISON said, when he came to thc Houso he did not think he should bc called upsn to speak upon any. question during this session, but when ho was un- fortunately absent yesterday evening an attack wai rondo on his constituency by thc hon. member foi 'Argyle ; he' would read the passago from the news- paper report, and if it was incorrect tho hon. and learned member could correct him. . The SPEAKER informed the hon. member that thf course ho was about to adopt would bo irregular. Mr. JAMISON said he would notltlicu read tht passage, hut state that thc hon. member then attacked Air. Fitzgerald, on account of his holding an appoint' mcnt in the Upper House, and at thc same time actîvcl j endeavouring to secure his election. He ropre< sented in that Houso the most important constituency in thc country, with tho exception of thc North ant South Riding. (Mr. OSBORNE: And East Camden.; His constituency numbered 1000, and three-fourths o' them were freeholders. Mr. Fitzgerald did toke part ir securing his election, ead if that was' unconstitutional was not the course adopted by Mr. Tooth, also a mein ber of the Upper -House, unconstitutional, when lu recently took an ootivo part in : apposing tin return ..of tho. Colonial, Scc'retaiy ani Treasurer. ? Mr. Fitzgerald would, however bo able to defend himself in tho Upper House no doubt, bot it was said thnt that gentleman coule "have .returned' a broomstick, ?'if he had no done so." When he came here, he had only 'u seo to tho carrying on of the public business of th« country,-not to listen to arguments as to wh< should ho tho ins and who tho outs ; if o Ministii with a majority thought fit to go out,, was it th" proper, course for them to adopt, when, a new Ministn was formedt tho very first opportunity to bring for" ward, a motion' of this - kind J They had ho'nrd a grea deal when the lato Ministry was in power about foi play, but he did not think thoy. showed much of^ now. ' He had mercly.risen to explain, with rcfcrenci to his constituency,' ne wa* in tliot house with a verj hùmblo opinion of his' abilities-Uc believed ho wa- the youngest man ia'tho House-and he was tlieri -with but ono object,-th» advancement of his natif country,-for he waa,>;,native. . The patty hi hau acted.with.had been accused of being o vindfctiyi and factious Opposition ; ho 'denied so far as ho wai concerned that it WAS BO. , Ho roted with thepvon iWt or;three! pecosions-^on'b of .theni Svith reference to thi Judgcs^nd he govo his vote "conscientiously.. Hi intendod tó;voto against tho motion; for-ho considere* ït was imjuit arid unfair. their measures¡ were hoi iii accordance wiüi their op'iniohj.'or tho.\opinions 6 those they represented,- -by all meons tum'them-out and substituto others ; but. that should Öo.done tfatihei] moàsiircsi^îiotplri'.tiio ', woy .'.'.proposed,-,- Althougp-'io' preioht lio'supported tho Ministry, he . did -not! intent! to'continuo-to do so blindly,' but-upon due'consiflora] tion of their measures os they were brought forward, Ho should voto against tho motion.. Mr. HARGRAVE, like tho previous speaker, hod I not intended to address, tho House, but ns much had been said about a mccüng of certain members of that House, he would observo that he should have attended that meeting hud ho received tho notice in. timo ; but he did not receive it for two hours after thc meeting took place. If it were wrong for'gcntlemen tb meet who were not seeking for ofttce, how much moro so would it be to attend a meeting tho object of which was to promise to a mi- nistry their support. Since ho. had had thc honour of a seat in thc House he had occupied thc cross benches. He did so because he felt nothing should induce him to oppose any ministry except for their measures-ort that principle he should voto for the motion. Of thc present Ministry's financial seheme, so far as they knew of it'ot present, ho would say little ; but, with, respect to the tax on wheat, lie would always give bia most decided opposition to returning to the corn laws. On thc land question they did not know the scheme to ho proposed by thc ' hon. member for the Southern. Boroughs, but three out of thc four hod expressed publicly'their private opinions that there Bhould be a considerable decrease in tho price of land, and what were cabinet measures bat the result of the indivi- dual opinions.of the majority of the cabinet ; and, os three members'of thc Cabinet hid given expression to what ho presumed wes their conscientious opinion, why did they not bring a measure, the result of their opinion, forward. Mr. MURRAY : So we will.. Mr. HARGRAVE : With reference to the Attor- ney-General he had carefully and silently wotched;his proceedings, and that only since he (Mr. H.) had been a member of tho House, and from that alone ho would with all humility say, that he was not the right man for tlie place he held ; ho held he might well express his viow by saving he thought Mr. Martin far too 3iot to wear thc sword. Although these remarks might bo sneered at as coming from o mere tyro, yet he would assure thom ho only, on this occasion, os bc should do on every other, cave expression to his own honest convictions. (Cheers). Mr. BARKER then rose, but owing to a misunder- standing-it being thought he had spoken previously -he was called to order. He stated that he only roso before to say a few words in explanation. Mr. Parkes and Mr. Gordon said they had a distinct recollection that such was thc case, and tho hon. gentleman was allowed to proceed. Mr. BARKER regretted exceedingly thc present posture of affairs. He regretted much that his hon. friend at thc head of thc Government had made such, an unfortunate, and to all intents and purposes so un- suitable a choice as he had in forming his ministry : ¡ a choice possessing neither the confidence of the pub- lic out of doors, nor tho confidence of that House. After the long, faithful, and valuable services of- the hon. member opposite tho Colonial Secretary ho had entertained the hope that whenever ho (thc. Colonial Secretory) was called to the position which he now filled he would bc able to carry on thc business of the country satisfactorily to all parties therein, as well os those out of that House. He believed that his hon. friend opposite so far os his individuol abilities went, . was capable of doing so, and would hare done so at the present time, had he called to hts assistance col- leagues equally .capable of tendering him aid, and such os it was necessary for him to hare nt such a time. If long nnd faithful services were to bo noticed he thought that thc services of that hon. member more than those of any otlicrpcrson in that House deserved to bo noticed. Tho records bf thc House would probably exhibit more evidences of the hon. Colonial-Sceretory'a - services than of uny other hon. gentleman within those walls. He would be sorry to think that, althpugh. in the present case he failed to secure a proper minis- try, his services would bc entirely lost to the public, líe hoped a coalition would yet take place between both sides of thc House, and that an efficient ministry would thus be farmed. Looking at the other side of thc House, ho sow sheltered and screened behind the cloak of modesty, ability and merit, which might be brought into operation to thc benefit and advantage of the country. So much had been said about the dif- ferent members of thc Ministry, he would contenthim sclf -with n few brief remarks in reference to what fell from thc hon. member from Parramatta, and which confirmed him more fully in .his opinion as to the unfitness of thc members of the present Ministry to perform tho import- ant duties confided to them. They all know the qualifications ofthehon. member opposito, tho Finance Minister, ono of the most estimable men in society. But his abilities, it was well known, was such as could scarcely entitle him to fill his present office, and he was sorry thc hon. member should have allowed him- self to be induced to toke his present appointment. As to the hon. and learned member the Attorney General, who had thought proper to throw out threats against him, - arnon» others-if they dared to support the motion. What confirmed him in his determination to .vote against that hon. and learned gentleman was his (Mr. Martin's), conduct during thc lost session of tho Legislative Council. The hon. and learned member's conduct damaged liim more bi his ' eyes than anything oise, and rendered him more, in hiB opinion, unfit to fill thc position to which he had been lately appointed. The conduct of thc hon. and learned gentleman.witbTrcfcrcnco to the notice of de- claration was nothing, in fact was rendered oblivious, when' compared with his conduct with regard to the Constitution, ia thc last Connell. Mr. FLOOD called to order. Thc hon. gentleman, he thought, when dealing in accusations, ought not to confine himself to vague generalities, but state specifi- cally what tho charges to which he alluded really Mr. PIDDINGTON followed Mr. Flood with a liko objection to Mr. Barker's charges. The SPEAKER did not consider from what fell from Mr. Barker that ho had overstepped thc rules of debate. Mr. BARKER resumed : He alluded to conduct exhibited in that House, and which every hon. mem- ber who was in the Council must recollect. He would now refer to the hon. member for thc Southern Borouglis, whom he had always considered one of the best country representatives which the House numbered within its walls. .' Ho had often felt ? pleasuro and satisfaction ot witnessing the straight-for ward manly course which that hon. member had nlwnys in times past pursued, in dealing with all measures that wore brought under his consideration, and. for tho honesty of purpose /with which he voted on all occasions. He regrcttod to soy, however, tîiat ho believed that thc hon. member hod sadly changed since thc introduction within these walls of .Constitutional Government. His conduct since thon had the appearance- of disappointment; and he had exhibited a Bpirit of acrimony and opposition which he had never before previously observed in hi* (Mr. Murray's) character, and which he conceived un- fitted him very rauch for the position which he at present occupied. He M-ould not occupy tho time of tho Houso, already too much occupied by long speeches, but beforo sitting down he would again express a hopo that a coalition would bo formed of hon. members from both ßid»s of the House, as would ultimately carry on tho business of thc country in thc most-satisfactory manner. ,And ho trusted also that tho character of that assembly would become as celebrated as tho former Council was Mr. BOWMAN would take that opnortun.tr of MIArew I»the Itou», and ia domB M Vc wouW say, > Umt ^ «l,¡C/C^ÍCOítoutll?TTmoUoJl *,cforc thc How. ne felt bound to vote for lt. [near, henr, from Urn Opposition.) Ho must condemn Uie procccJInpi as fara* tho attack anon the hon cad learned Attomey-fíentrai went. That honorable onA Inned gentleman had been stigmatised for what hw! occurred cifrntyea« hwn proiiüua^stTicüyBccordinstolaw. Sin« the commence- ment lim. Honorable nnd- learned [gentleman's career within those walls, and been marked with rare nbilitv. nnd rince thrn Kn whloh ho (Sir. «O~»I T « member, three different tim«: Ho he? luvrrowly watched tho enrcer ol Mr. Marlin, a, he was «taire íite¡l!¡i'Í.<teí- *"? b° ,M ?" M. «Mime, were of tho highest order of talent. He deprecated the Idcaof any hon. member, io young aa Mr. Martin bcinp appointed to the high noir, ho tad been called noon to aaTOme, and Utah ho (Mr. S«Sp) Jîi'îLÏ,T'0',' »°?t,r,,t<)- T1"", hi»°">M« Rentleman iron!,} flare been content to have accepted thc post of Solicitor-General - and. In fact, ho hollered that tho honorable and icarneXmbor' had crprcalcd bli determination, If he sbould'rcccivo thc appolnt mimt, to work his own wny higher. Bm there trna another thing tn eonalder ta tb!« respect. Tho appointment of Attorney-acnoraï .«SJWV»"*. î.» olde, Bonllonie». >ho had ? declined accepting lt nnd lt was when there waa no other person to accept lt th« It we. olfcrM to tho honorable an^lcantcS member for Coot «nil Westmoreland, whodld, nnd he for one'did not aeo why ho ahould not hare done BO. It was well known -that ho had raptwrtod tho roto" Ministry : ho hod done ao conselen ttauly,' fot-no did not think thnt there was another act of mon In tho Connell so well adopted lo entry on tho business oí tho eöun ftï.'ï î?: "«"l"1*J" account ho regretted the opposion th« had forced them dot. -.Tho Minlatry now in om«! hi Wut think pnsioaiod either tho coimdeneo of. the country or of that Sl'.i".VT"^ certainly had. Olid lim doe. : pcäcs,. Ho cellared that tho late Mmlstrynnd only followed mt Enm- ity precédanla In England by rcalfnlngot ie time thiïï 5f«nd ünaorttoo rodmilanoea. . Tho late Minlatry «bund thatthey had not received, to the extent ; they conceived themselves entitledIto rlsb.T?orU wMdnot"¡¡ó wotrcm Tlricä- u**"» their» wlttK^.,^ thai néuae.- .Tho-ptaa thal tho' tremler had not oouetded'inonch ?"". «FT"'" ought toboaljowedlto' nao bia ffiSS!"MnjMcodtae or wimholdWi hi. concurrent»' In .unlmraTrUM mattera. The badness of thb>etmntryuntentWïle -rnanded .Bondon,-and he hoped that« MlnKVouXKoo 'Äf ",c"^'l'T»a';»<"P».o'ly:lo all Interéta." -Ile fclllhn . other, member' op tho- metaling QovcrnmrTVwmild-WoTl9eh<to ran^JttsaJthp. JICAIla Wore lt nemo to his Ulm todo ». »lt. .' lloved the hon. member at tho head ofthe Government woe under tho Impression that because ho (Mr. Mannlhg) In tko observations ho made when ho addressed tho House on a former occasion, rando como allusion to him (Mr. Cowper), that, therefore, ho was enti- tled to walt until ho (Mr. Manning) had spoken. He felt tho force of Umt-ho fell that ho (Mr. Cowper) might regard him aa tino'ofthcattaoMngpArtJ-, and that,'therefore, ho believed he hnd i & rAg\xt to hoar What tho attack was before ho rose to resist it. In ?Cfc:spirlt of fairness thbrcfore to tliat han. gentlcmnn, ho felt hlm , self called lipon now to address to the Houso whatever observa- tions ho had td make. Thc motion now beforo tho House was in ' its terms ft general-one- pointing to tho character of tho Ministry, nnd tho circumstances nnvler which it tins precluded from obtain- ing tho confidence of tho House. It was not in its terms pointed particularly to any individual member of tho Government, and as suoh he Xi-Oula choose to trent ÍV; some hon. members might chooso ? -and lt might ho cor.VChic*.t, according to the tactics . BomoUnVcs folltvcd In the legal profession-to .tako .oho .peint and assume . that that was : tho ¡great^point.n question ; "they might labour that point because they thought il wns tlicohe tipon which they would make tho >n«st powerful address tb 'IDo sympathy of thoso to whom they -^appealed. Eat for his ort n {.art-tho resolution being in Its terms general-ho would distinctly repudiate the idea that any speeches "which had come ft-om. ^.dividual members of the House nt nil -»events hnä. innucnccñlihn, ns tending to show that this motion, aow'tnulcv discussion, \?as to be regarded ns nddrcsscd to a par ticulnr'indlvidunl. ,f*)oar, henr.) He considered he occupied a tpositioh in tho Houscïrom|tho length of time ho had been in it, and . 'theran ho had UVrch in its debates-which gave him a right Ho .'.takeIiis own Independent course in this matter; and therefore, ss hho resolution Wns in general terms, as such ho would treat it. It was only tn this point of view that his observations -would ho . '^tddrcssed moi-c'pmicularlv to the hon. member at the hoad of thc ' ""Government, fdr lie looked on him as tho person uuVnly resjion .'JBÍWO for that irtish ho intended to comment opon. He wORld nl ; ;3udo to him pn'fliculnrly, and moro Bpnorally to tin "body of which ' . ho whs thc "head. He was not disposed to 'nay mofo than ' "«.ns absolute? necessary with reference ra thcqciliilcatioesof any .'"particular nlomber of tho Government. He dill tiot desire to bring ' "^before the House anv contnist between those hon. gentlemen who . Siormcd the îate administration anil th«se who formed tlio present, ~-as far.as clilractcr was concerned. Iîho (Mr. Jfannin'g-j ctjuld not v*tánd wftl.óut tho aid of centrast, if ho coulü not stand upon his -.-«own individual merits, if he could not stand (iron his own ..?«pinion», if he could not stand without trumpeting his own fumo, "Pile wnstantent to fall. '(Hour, hear.) Cencornhig inc feature -rn 'k th'c dlitassion which hail been-very much debated, i»e wonld say a ".fewTrS: ds, and that was With reference "to how frc questions of ..«harncter might be Imported into thc discussion of r.mnttcr sudh ns thçj-hîd now beforo thc House, ile thought he had a riglft to ' "inafe a few observations oh this stibjOf t, not however in reference tb pit'. Ueular IncHvidW.ls. 'bct eirncertiiug tho principle-which ho ; tbOTïhtwns one of great importanco. (Hear, hear.) Hon. mem- ber! should beware tliat they did not, out of sympathy with a par r¡ -tlcViar individual, abandon a principle which 'each in tum-and -^cach party in reit;-might liitenvards lind it necessary .^cacu party in rcm-inigni n-.ierwarus iniu it ireccssury i "-to assert. (Itear, hear.) ï"iere coui't be no'question i ;_". tb at the public character of ar y person who assumes olllco .... ?- iiigh in position was properly beforo tho public and Ahe House ' '.. ^ijvhcn thc merits of '« Ministry of which h\;was ii member were 1 under discussion, fíe thougHl even private character, under many circumstuides, wns proper to bc brought forward, lint ho "" -wished distinctly" to be understood that'ho though t both with j ^' respect to .publia ard private oharact'er ol ly those features should 1 ' bo looked to which really affected the petition of theçcntlcman In . " "*'. the public capacity ho assumed-(hour, hear)-orily those fca " tures which wore-rikcly to nffect thc ebullience of Mho public in. " ' tho administration of tho Government placed in his hands. He ' did not sec thai thcrc -was tiny great-Mltfercncc between public and private chiitiJctcr in tMB respect, fllcar, hoar.) He would i . ' not for instance have ' ns a minister who lind thargo of mutter« concerning the'religion of tho country one who-»,- as notoriously "irreligious ; bc -rrónld not havo One In charge of Tuc publie «luca- .? ' tlon of the eotlv.try who was notoriously illitcnte ; nor would ho i \- have in thc rcsition of finance min*tor'ono whr>»s-as either at tho' time, or whooind-been recently, au insolvent debtor. Although ; ' ""' . such au honorable member might be as honorable ' as ho cooli, bc, yul 'ho JTMr. Mannlr.g) thought it \- -would bo inexpedient, to put such a person in such a . : " »osttion-enclin- reference to whom- there might be some doubts because of his present or former insorrency. He shoulfl take care to have'in 6ncli. positions persons lin whom tho public , ,' -would havo confidence. SuchOC-ICCB shouldentrusted tothe, , ; dollcacy ol «individúale and those at the head of tho administra tion, not to put into positions ltniirlng tho »«tent of public conti-.' dence persens'whose public or private characters arc calculated . cither to show that-they were ina position "for wli ich they were Í . unfit, orin which they would not bc likely to secure the confi- dence of the courtly. Ho.should mako no -observations in refer- , . cnoo to thc hon. and learned gentleman wh« occupies tho position ' '?- ' bf Attorney- General, except-concerning a matter to which he ' ' alluded in tho course . of, his addross, which had nothing to do -with his character : he referred to thc circumstance to which that ¡ hon. gcntlemnn alluded in vindication ot hie character, and which ended in an act certainly ns insulting aa could well bo towards» gentleman-ns insulting ns well cotilii homewards a lady. (Hear, car.) It «was true, -as tho ? hon.. gentleman, hud stated, that some ,years ngo -canis of invitation wcro left at ' tho roddor.co of the hon. 1 gentlemen- such as thoso . . contemptuously . thrown across ' tho tablo - they wore . thc cards crf:liimself. (Mr. Planning).. ancHlis wife. Thoso of Mu. James Macarthur nñd WH .wife, and also thoso of another gon . ? tlcman »nd his wife, wore also thrown across tho tablo. Ho ?'?''??, know in hls-own case those cards of himself and? his wifo were ; . left by Ms-own consent. Ho rtosirôd to donn act of courtesy <-.' . towards, that gentleman.and towards his lady, and that not of, courtesy' was .performed. Ilut-was it because ho. did tills in courtesy and .kindness, thnt -when the hon. gentlemen wa» attacked by another' person-when ho (Mr. Manning) had not spoken-w*hcn ho (Mr.-Mtrtin) had no reason to suppose he (Mr. Manning) «would say. one-word, and whoo ho said in the course of his speech that ¡he. (Mr. Manning) and his honorable colleague ?would not speak with reference to him-was it becauso of that act , : : «of courtesy and kindness that he. was treated-ho must say - with , . ingratitude! Wns it fur this tlint an«act of insult was committed, , not only towards., himself (for which ho cared but little), but towards a Indy I (Cries of . "<Henr, hear.") Ono word also ' -with reference . toi tho Club to-which that honorable gentleman ; had alluded. .It «so happened that on the occasion to which the ? hon. member,alluded, ho (Mr. .Manning), ns had been the case : on almost overy other .occasion when members hnd been bnllottcd for-wns absent. 1 Ile could not, therefore, have voted either one « . way or the ether. But if lie had been there, and had voted for . - that hon. gentleman, he would not hnve informed lilli). If he , . wns suspected even of having .blackballed any ono when he had . Toted for him «ho would not tell him, because it was not in nc -v" : cordanoe with tho principles of. the association; for if ono after ; -, another, on being «asUed, denied having bbiekballcd any candi date, there would be no difficulty in finding out who had dono so. ? JIo conceived it right to say à'few words in reference to the / grounds on which'tho late Administration retired from their ; " "stultiferous paradice of ofiicc." ..(Laughter.) It miwht be in t .-? , tho remembrance of'-some lion.-«members who were in ¿lie late , " ? Council, that when a .variety of measures were pushed oft one after 4 another, to be fiisposcd of in thc first session of tho new Legislature, : ho (Mr. Manning) expressed liis>epinion that in tho first sossion of tho nowLegislnti'ro thcrowould beenough to do to sct'thellouso in . order. (Hear, boar,) That opinion he had alwnvs'cntertained, and ho believed beforo ltcspnnslble Government "was got Into \- . -working erCcr it would .-bo absolutely essential that some . -chKuge of .Government should take place, in order .that "party Government might ' - ' 00 understood by iircctic.il results-by those gentlemen who would . not be likely to understand it from words expressive of thc theni-v. 'Xhcro wero many tbjj^ajojje learued.by thq.$Ju¿n.invii?Mh\rYcsfir ..-. -^>^ÎflHtSrir'''ïrê slïïtVSmiscionciously thnt he imd in view the public .Food, and he beliovotlithe matter would end in tho public good. . . The course bc and üiaíollcagues.had taken, whntevcr the result jnightbo, w bctber.lhcipraicut Ministry continued in office for a ' "~ - time; whether the. lat« Ministry might return ; or whether thero . , . should be some modification of tile ono or tho other-ho felt con- ti, i. VI ced -would bo for.thc benefit of the colony. It must bo known .? -to nil thoso who luuLbesn in tho-habit-of watching thc stato of feeling of tho country.and;tuo state of feeling In tho Into Legisla- tivo Council, that with more or less justice every effort was mndo ? -to decry Government no such. He" must-say ho believed somo of . -thnt feeling ol' opposition-and not only its reminiscences still con- tinued 'forgetful ithat n new -state of things was »ow in existence. :He could , understand whea public . opinion was prossfng-.towards llesponsiblaGovernment, whilst wo had n constitution which did-not partake, of that particular, why ¿.«. . .hon. members" should ..have been perpetually carping at tho ,. j -Government as such. Eut when once,ltesponsible Government \- was granted, differentiooridnct ought to be expected, and no doubt "it would bo evident when each- party had had its turn. It would ? then bc almost Iraposslhla toicontlnue tho cry. It will bc seen, .. abrief as the expericBCC 05 this session.hal been, that nn obstinnto ' : s, Jirid petulant opposition, in tlio Legislature can bc productivo of no ' . i- fgood, whilst it may cause evils of.grcat mngnitudo. Hon. mem i: bera, however, wonldilcam from tho incidents of tho last few dnys ;., ?. -many wholesome lessons. .(Hear, heu-.) Those now in power , . - -iwciild learn to feel -and appreciate tho difficulties with whicli tlicir jircdecessors woro .beset in carrying .Tout tho principles of responsible Govcrnmont,»vhilst, on thc other ."' -'..hv.d, those who were jiow,in-.tbe,Oppositioa would learn to avoid . ,.. .-5 thOEO temptations wliich,too frequently led to ai: unnecessary and vexatious obUructionofitho public business. ,(IIcnr, hear.) It ..?* had teen said that thc brio-Ministry lind manifested a desire to do ! :... t<m-Uttlc. Perhaps so; ibut Ive onnintnined tlait.if an error had rhéon- committed in UUE ,rospeci, ii was ono, on tho right side. ' , '.«ÏHcar.hcar.) ï his fact mifhtyct becqmc evident to those who had ' " jsuccecrccl. Tlioao gcntlentcn, ns they bccamomorcacquaintcd with '^thc.dntiH nnd re-sponsibilifîios of .ail opposition,.would be better .V. r'-.i^tieiXtoiiindcrstEad tho ^rcat ptincijiles of. Govcniment, nnd to. , . j-make allowance fri-those to wlwm the arduous, task of carrying ' t;tliom out was onfwistcd. yioar, hear.) It:hatl hecn said that ¿ihí 'clis.ci::sion on Ibis subjett w'asn,,wnsto of time, «but he did not -rithinli^o. It appeared to him that a,full discussion like tho ' .iï'tç.sent, ,is--. rofc.-eiwe to a subject -.«wUfch «was .perfcstly now to -iítlicm, ..jr^icalcttlnteá to result tia much ¿cod, both toitbat House ;fliid tortile (Ciuntry. it would«sf¡rvc toelncidatc more fully, both j^prncticiilfy.«.id th'coretienlly, tiic:grcot principles of Kcsponstblo .rjtjp.vcrnuiprit. as well a? the niofeiin whian, it could,bc most suc ^icpssfully cari, cd outi It would .serve, also to give sonieihing Uko <gilSfiii.ltcnp=s,if.d principle to party «arfare, and not leave it ns it fitas jit prespsjf- the xesalt of s«u:c merely iiccidpntnl ,x.nd frc Äucptly únjjíu¿'i(riblc qutrrcl betweomtwo cr . throe- individuate, jiîïôar.'ïienif.) It would also trauh -tliem tho neoessity mf dis «Uis»!\hg.priin:¡irii s which hui noparticiiliir.rcl'trcncoto,p»rtj upon . .tbk'ir hióád nhdíiatrinsic merits. Ile «was «pre-they must .all have notv'ccfes well as;,himself, tfcat in maiiy of-the contests wliiaU took ? placK;iji:Viat IïquVî l-ctwecn lue GoveramVent ami thc Ppposltion, thonss,uëtottlqd for hail no reference t» the obstrnct proposition, but ? merqlje .to ¡Uiv tnecess itt one purty or anothor; (Hear, heir.) it .was not. for instffice, whsöher -.the Judges -sboy.Ul or shasld Pet he plflci'il in the Legislature, but pimply which pacty shouldcá\p.»ji nihv.rvtiiptc over the other-. -Ho tad frequently ' nottcciCít":Üi»¿ lintier --.ai nppar«Hitly gcnts»l piopf-iition,- 4ill the . ' clement*lOfosarb'congest, and lie had nisi »oticcii that, in.(!icce 'isonteirt^ the real ii\toui\sts of the public «rere frequently over \- .. '-gjdpkoft,-- Tiov .these war* J points «11 which tho House and the ^'''j: iroriirtry would be tannlrt useful- leuons by tfie disoUMiion which tod' token plocc. It .war highly expedient that -these lessons! í-JsSould bo tflusrlit, for if fcjp insible gwernment was to bc carried 1 . iv^OUt'successfully it oras «eosi ssary tbsi its prfaeiplos «hould bo, ; . " Jcnown not onlv thcoreticajlr '.but practiwlly. He maintained that .. . this advantage' hod been ¿úiu. 'd mainly by the course adopted by " ', tho late Ministry. It might bt-' thnt in (their desire to establish : TVhat ho considered ultimate p rineiplos they lind resigned too . ¡hastily, but he considered this tire umstanee rathcria hnoow than ' , . /otherwise, as it showed tho lat£ Ministry «ere actuated by no ; AClflsh motives. (Hear, hear.) lu contemplsiing thin matter, ho 'looked to the future-a wide futuro as regarded thc results to bo flticlpatcd from responsible governn. cnt ; and after having given c.matter the fullcst'consîdci-ation be had come to thc conclusion Ht ibo course taken by hhiuelf and his ' l'°n. colVagues, under all thc .circumstances of the case, was the -.-ight one. (Hear, hoar.) " Ho bcSicvcd that tho advantages to bc gaL act! from practical expo rience, cspcciall v with reference to the , recent changes in the Ministov, would 'fully compensate for any that might occur in bring)«? responsible government fully into operation. An to tho grounds on which thc Opposition ww raison to tnc inte Ministry, lu was wholly at a loss to perceive , them, moro espe- cially as iho hon. gentleman opposite (Mr. Murray), who was .doubtless preparing to anewi'r him, lind stated that ¡Ktcir policy out-liborallod tho *-bernis, in consWering thcdeslrnbility of resigning, ho for ons hu« pven due ' " coniidcration tbjfce opinion so frequently expressed, ^i" that ho «ad hil coUeogues had come into power unconstiU «lonnlly. (HeaThw.) AV*o"Rh he did not believe there was the t. "Shtest ioundittoiVr tominion, yet. asadoubt had been c^P^d by several lum, wembetiL and as it was quite possible that thU a oubt might affect the tondiwt of the Government at some future u<V, bethought it vu adukable t^t they should, by resi^tag.iC move oil ground for suet *n opinion. (Hear, hear. The ;oonse ¿uencowM, that if any. sr the whole, of tho old Ministry agata Sun« Into nouer thev »ovid do so under circumstances which '£>rtd not b^Äed »tV íííear, he»r, from the Ministerial ? M!« Tn thenaït which h« W«k in the late Ministry, ho was Hsdhe remained in office it ^...^..TJ" «an no -"«Hta IU much SJ possible the »f0??10 principlcs-íhonr, honr)-unl6f,s, Indeed, thoso principles in tho i ordinary sense of tho term w<-jrc " popular." They had neither tho courngo nor tho po\vrr to brine forward anv measures of a bold or important chavactr.r, jjut n0 for ono would novcr consent to bo a inombcr of any Government In which ho was not at liberty to act independently, nnd to enforce his own well-matured nnd conscientious convictions, without considering whether or not they wcro lfxolv to meet with approval cither within or without tho wa'jg of that House, (Cheors.) With a weak Government on tl'.e other hand, there was nothing certain, lt was obliged, Vi'tvcncvcr it contemplated bringing nny mensuro for- ward, to erguiré whether such moasnre was likely to affect tho interests 'jf one class or meet with tho approval of another, and thus conscientious conviction was sacrificed to mere expediency. (Hear, hear.) Now with regard to thc meeting of tho cross bench.es, about which so much had been said, ho could tell hon. mem'oers opposito that immediately after tho late Ministry carno to t>,c determination of resigning, ho and his colleagues received ar, intimation, overing to intercept tho resignation, by proposing e.\otc of confidence in them. No sooner, however, did ho hear thc offer, than ho refused to accent it, so that thc hon. member at tho head of tho Government had no reason to fear any, competition from bim, and need not, therefore, ha been in such n hurry in forming his Administrât! on> Now willi respect to what he conceived to be thc duties of an on position, ho would beg to say a few words. Ho thought it be came the duty of an Opposition, when called on to take ofllcc, to co nsidrr whether it possessed a nucleus of men of known enpaeit' . nt_ ^ carrv on tho business of tho country. Ho thought, too, tb at n ilR9 ; a duty of an Opposition in such a position to bo aware '.hut theyi had a" number of supporters in thc Legislature sufllcien' ¿ t.0 e»uble them constitutionally to carry on tho business of thc co -jntrv: nnd ' ft was also necessary that such an Opposition shou' ,<i màhilnln - distinct principles, which should Justify it in super selling a pre- ceding Ministry. And this lcd him to the consid- jrntion of tho question, how thc hon. gentleman nt present nt t' ,i0 head of tho Government accepted olllcc. He (Mr. Manning) v . fts not able to deny tho talent or tho hon. Colonial Secretary, o' .. to dispute hi« titness for office. Ho wns quite free to admit tl« .t, though differ- ing from him heretofore in some m Itters, ho shou1 .a have keon quito willing on anv emergency or thc country, which lie thought would justify him in taking oHlcc nt all, to have ac ted with him ns un equal in otilce, or it necessity was urgent, to hf wc accepted him ns n leader. Hut ho must ho permitted to sta'tc that he lind never agreed with tho hon. member nt tho hoad;of the Government in his general political conduct ; and he had a right to say, 'from thc course he had adopted since thc resignation of the late Ministrv, that thc broach between them lind been i inmeasurably widened. However much he might have believed bet ore that they had sonic . congeniality of pritoiple, ho was quite conv inced now, that therewns n içrciit pair bctwwn them, over which it. was impossible he should orecpars. ïv'ow, in the principles wWch ho had laid down as thoso which slDuld govern nu opposition, tho first was that thc opposition shotld contain tr'thln itsdf the nucleus oT talent and udinitrhitratiYc capacity to conduct 'tho business of tho country. Ho concolvcd-that there sbould be an agreement of men nblc and willicg to take powor bcroro any munster wns justified in forming a ministry. Now had it not been admitted disUnotly by tho Von. tho Culonial Sorrctary himself, that there was no such union of talent nnd capeclty, on which he had any authority to iroryi (Cheers.) WasCt not admitted by tho hon. member,'that Hie oiüv person with whom ho hud consulted when bo undertook ito form* a Ministry, was Mr. Murray Î Was it not evident, from admissions already nude, that dil the after combinations of tho pTescnt Ministry were subsequent dctcrminntlons, or that all thc ?statements of asking other members to accept otBco were mero equivoontions. (Cheers.) nc wns prepared candidly to lulmit : Ihat Mr. Cowncr wns taken by surprise-that tho resignation'of the 'lalo Ministry was more smlilon than lie oxpccted it ifould bc, and that, therefore, ns leader of tho Opposition, ho had somo excuse for not having a compact Ministry to bis hand. Hut while he ad- mitted this was a matter which involved Mr. Cowper in some . difficulty, he also contended it was n reason why he should havo .paused in taking office, until ho had ascertained whether .lio could draw round him a number of ministers on whom ho himself could rely, and in whom thc country could havo con- fidence, nnd not to trust to thc chance of accidents to obtain aminlstcr and statesman. (Cheers.) Tho next consideration which ought, ho .thought, to govern tho conduct of the leader of un opposition, .was whether he had a reasonable chance of securing a majority of :tbo votes in tho Legislature of tho colony. Whether, in fact, be 'had that number of political adherents which would justify him in ncccpting office, or of displacing others from power. Whether on this ground tho hon. member was justified or not he must leave it for himself and thc House to judge It might bc as in reference to thc former objection, that he anticipated that from tho mea- sures he should introduce, and from his general polloy, he should obtain -a. support that had not been given to him before. But although he thought both these points were of very considerable importance, he did not think that they were entirely insuperable, lint when ho caine to the third point, ho could seo no principio whatever on which thc conduct of tho hon. members! thc bead of tho Government could be justified. This was tho great principle on Which tho cohesion of parties and tho for- mation of governments depended. He could not seo in the policy of tho new Government, as shadowed forth in their speeches, a claim for power ; no principles of government distinctly defined which ought, or which could properly separate, tho Ministers who had como lti from thoso who had gone out. (Cheers.) Tho difference therefore between them was-not of measures but of men. (Loud cheers.) Another theory' which should materially influence the Houso nnd thp country in its judgment of the propriety of thc ad- vent to power of a new Government was tho congruity of tho clements bf which tho Ministry was composed. (Cheers and counter cheers.) IIo know thnt hon. members oppo- site who cheered felt.thoy lind some ground to dispute thc con- gruity of principles on which tho late Ministry had taken office. Ho (Mr. Manning) admitted that there was a ground for snob n fcellua;, and ho hud carefully guarded himself from according with nil tho political principios ol' his late colleagues. But on thc great principles which ought to govern thc policy of tho country thoy were generally united, and those hon. members on tho opposite benches who fiad not spared their taunts ngainst the late Ministers for tho previous disparity of their political opinions, would scarcely deny that this disparity was tenfold greater in the case of tho present'Ministry. He admitted that before thc present Ministry were in office, thnt since thc attainment of office was within their reach, there had been several miraculous con- versions of honorable members holding decided political opinions. Immediately it was seen that differences of opinion might endanger tho possession of office the principle which en- gendered that defence was abandoned. He did not wiall to go too much into detail on this point. Hut ho would slate ono or two . facts to support his argument. He asked could thcro bo nnv illus- tration of this case stronger than that which had been cx : hibltcd in respect to the important question of education. On that occasion they lind found the nominated Attorney-General, on all occasions assuming n tono almost despotic, nnd preventing on every occasion the application of tho public funds of the country to the promotion of any system of education but tho National one", thc one opposed with equal pertinacity by Mr. Cowper, who then lind no faith in nny system but thc Denominational. (Cheers.) Ho (Mr. Manning) had dcoldcd opinions on the point. He hud always boen in favour of tho National system, but he had on many occasions been compelled to rise to oppose the despotic assertion of Mr. Martin of his opinions of thc National system, and to declare that on such a question that the opinions, nay even tho prejudices of those who believed in. thÇKOodrtîSS.af, th(\/J/>i¡unv,vtó\"nnbCYt^'I>cTroiii"lhe "country a fair and most impartial consideration. Hut if there had been any man consistent in his opposition to the National system and thc extension of it, it was up ts a late period tho hon. the Colonial Secretary. Up to tho last moment beforo thc accepta- tion of ofllco this wns thc opinion which both parties advocated, but thc han. member for Cook and Westmoreland did not hesitate to go to lils constituents, to tell them that he and Mr. Cowper who had been so long and so consistently opposed to each other on this great question, had como round and lind agroed upon a measure to work that almost miraculous event thc agreement of all sects and all, parties on the question of Education, on which they had hitherto been so Inseparably . divided. (Chcors.) But ho would pass from' this dereliction bf political principio to anqthcr, where the linc of demarcation between the opiulons of the members of tho Administration was still more broadly marked. Thc honorable member (tho Colonial Secre- tary) had declared most decidedly in favour of tho principles of freo trade. Now this wns no light nnd shifting principio in tho politics of the present agc. It was a principle which' hud dcter mined tho fotes of governments in liuiopo-a principle tho de- velopment pf which hod caused almost a political revolution In the land from which they sprung. Then with regard to tho new-Constitution. The hon. member the Premier declared in favour of tho elective principle in thc Upper House. Tho hon. member foi- Sydney, his colleague, siioko In favour and voted in favour of nn arlstocrnllo House-a titled House, in fact, a House of Lords on a small scaled in ' which ho was to be called, according to tho talk of tho day, thc Lord of Sydney Cove. (Cheers nnd laughter.) , But he had proposed nn elective Upper House : tho principle on which lils scheme was ba- ed wns worse than the nominative prin- ciple- lt « ns based on tho election to thc Upper Houso of men only who .possessed a certain freehold riglil in thc lnnd < tao coun- try ; and.'thls, he thought, wouldhavo been tho means ortho intro ductinn of an oligarchical system which would bo moro objection- able than any nomlnntive principle could be. Tho hon. member for the Western Boroughs, the Minister -for Land and Public Works supported another system. Ho believed that ho supported tho Constitution Bill intact. . : Mr. MültKAY begged to deny thc statement. Ho liad always advocated the electivo principle in theconstitution of the Upper House. Mr. MAWÜKG : Ho bogged to apologise-ho recollected that- ? the honorable member did advocate . tho, electivo principle. Tho tystcm he ? advocated how- ever, as io those principies, was as follows, vît., first, 12 mem- bers of the Upper House should be nominated by tho Crown; second, lt alembert to bo nominated *y tho House of Assembly ; third, that Î2 members should bc eleeied by thc pesplc. This was thc scheine cf the honorable member for thc Southern Boroughs, and ho was free to COB fess that ho shoiild hove opposed lt, if it had been brought forward as a matter of Couctitutionnl principio. Mr. MU1U1A.1' oxplained that nil tito members of the present Ministry suppanted thc elective principle, ja regard to the consti- tution o"f tlie Upper Hotsc. Mr.MANNIXli: If they did so wnsit atoll events nuder so great a diversity of ojrinion ns to what could bette right.course us to render them utterly unit to form n Government. But there was no objection 'to .thc late Ministry - »hatevor personal differences they might have entertained, they were dtcided on this great prlnclpUat least, that all impediment* to thc reforming of the Constitution, ia accordance with the wish of the country, should be removed. (Cheers..') They had introduced a bill .to repeal tho two-thirds clause, b'\rt as to reform in the Constitution Act, all that they were informed from the jijcsent Ministry wa6 that they were not agreed upon it. It appeared to him that upon all tho great principles to bo dealt with the views of thc present ministers when they took ofllco were not widely different from the views of those whose places they took. Some change had no doubt since taken place in thc mind« Of the clergy of some of the denominations with regard to the .cuestión of education. He had quoted from tko Empire, becnuse he believed it was the organ of the present ministers (Mr. Parkes : No, no; nrid cries of "hear, hear" and "yes, yoi"). Did tho Ima. mnmlinr (Hr. Parkas! bêlons to the Emiiire. then t Mr. PAIIKES : Ho belonged to tho House. Mr. MANNING : A» thc hon. member in that House repudiated nny.connexion with tho Empvc, he should not have taken upon himself to contradict his (Mr. Manning's) assertion. Ho took tho Empire himself, and ho presumed from it« tone thnt it was the organ of thc present ministers. (Hear, boar.) Hp found that in a report published in the Empire of tho 24th Augiist, that thc hon. member nt thc head of the Government, speaking of the necessity of appointiag a public prosecutor used the following words: "I ¡think a new office ought to be established and by this means every objection respecting Mr. Marth» as tho grand jury would bo re- moved. I admit that in going over tho heads of tho ministers to Mr. Martin I WAS taking a bold step, but desperate diseases re- quire desperate remedies, and there was no other alternative left mo." Thus R appeared that tho matter of a public prosecutor was »otto bo regarded as a general principle butas thc appointment of such an officer wö(;ld affect a particular individual. Now, in one of tho late debates iniihat House, he (Mr. Manning) mentioned that it was not desirable ¿hat the publia prosecutor should bc thc grand j ury of thc colony-i ¿nd he said, moreover, that tho Govern- ment would have proposed! »he appointment of a second officer, only that they did not like ia saddle tho country with thc ad- ditional expense, unless thc Hou-'c expressed an opinion in favour of creating thc second office. (k.*ear, hear.) Tho hon. member at tho head of tho present Ministry, adopted thc proposal, not as a principle, but us it affected a single individual. Was that what was called a great principle ! Then sV regarded tho nominated üpper House, tho hon. member said t.'1»' this was a question wu''ch would be settled as soon as tho pr^ut Legislature had attUti.ncd a trial. That was what ho (Mr. ¿'anning) had always »aid-that he was prepared to let the present Legislature have it« free course l'or a short time. As to tnc Crown JLaada, the Im- perial Act which conferred the New Constitution, ai-'o submitted the Waste Lands to thc control of the Législature of thc colony, and therefore this was necessarily one of the flrst - things ou . which . the nousc would legislate. ¿von on this important question the hon. member gave no dlitic.t reason Then, os V> tuc Crown Lands, tho hon. momber said, <'Thc ulmJniítrsÜon pf tuc Crown Lands and the finances also vcrv'lorfs oTthö" O ttt tentl,m" ^hy> those wo almost- the ior> wolds or tho «.ovcmor-Gcneral'B specoh. (Hear, hear 1 j» Meli thc late aov-t.rnracnt hnd announced their policy, and ob beoxncctod tha'r-.,,nB lnaW»°?.thíf q»ostlon^ thcrXoVKasto this sSblcct f th° l'«"=nt Ministry would have somo policy on tlio honorable member ls reported to havo said : elita even . n«°«W ^i'.'1 " onT.,httt p,oi.nt- ¥"% anothcr vtetoO- to to ¿dont r" ln,th'î TV,,ttc-r' It,wÄa 'lctcnnln^ % tho late Ministry nol ov of ,eBi»'«t{on of tho irold-Belds bf this Colony tho Knvl yiotoi.'*r? poUo"> wWc,a 1 boUevc t0 bo ns 1'berni as could nm.?- i w Kuî 1 mi>y ."""'t'onon this point thnt somo years 3.J to Reta comraittoo appointed in order that thèmn slVlr -mcntof Oie Rold-fldds ot Victoria might bo ïaken into con ««r cation, Mid if approved of. bo introdneed herc. But I could JV 1 get a seconder to my motion-Mr. Wentworth expressing ut M M»_ time thc deepest condemnation of tho pelicy of "Victoria, ihich we «rc now about to hitrothico into our colony. ' The late .Government brougls, a bill before the House on this matter, and »miougn tao mensuro mny roqolro somo modifications, still it is » aecorftanco wita tho sj'stcra Ihavo all along supported, and Which works so satisfactorily in tho neighbouring colony." Tío (MT. Monning) admitted thathcro the hon. member hod an- nounced a principle, but a principio in no woy differing from thnt otthe late Govrrnmcnt. (Hear, hear.) Re hoped he did not da thc fcon. memter nn injustice -hm ho thonght theso were thc only coses in which principles wcro announced, and tho occasion of making thlst.pcech it would Tie remembered was ono wherein tho ?bon. member went before Ms constituency ns a minister. (Hear, hear.) Hoaow came to tho hon. member'o declaration on the hustings ot thc declaration of tho poll. Thc first thing ho would '?bring under notice, and to this point ho would call particular attention, was that threc*T tho present Ministers had expressed their opinions in favour or a reduction of thc price of land. A fourth-tho present Attorney- General adverted to tho subject st Hartley. Hie hon. member at tho head of tho Govern- ment thus expressed his Intention on this subject on the 3rd Sep- tember :-" I bcliovoif you search tho colony from ono end to the other you will find no man more fitted than Mr. Murray to hold tho office of Secretary for Lands and Public Works. Ho is' pre- pared to givo bis entire attention and his best energy to grappling with thc important questions that will como beforo him, and no doubt the public will find before long that if he is permitted to earry out the plans contemplated, great advantago will result from his service in the Government." (Hear, hear.) Now, the hon. member for thc Southern Boroughs stated that among tho plans he contemplated was a reduction of tho price of laud. Who, read- ing this, and hearing what thc hon. member himself lind stated in other places, and what tho honorablo member (Mr. Campbell) had slated as his views, as well as tho opinions Mr. Martin expressed nt Hartley, could doubt but that tho reduction of tho price of land was to have been mude a Ministerial measure? (Hear, hear.) Four of thc Ministers expressed tho same opinions on this question when they went before their constituents. Now, however, they were told that those were only tho opinions of themselves' Individually. With rcrcrenco to tho gold - fields, thc honorable member, in nlluding heretofore to the polloy of Victoria, approved of thnt policy loudly-a polioy which consisted m n miner's right of JE1 per annum, and an export duty of half-a crawn an ounce. On tho 3rd September tho hon. member said on this subject, "It was decided by the lato Government to adopt thc Victorian policy. Now the new Government will take the whole matter into consideration, and.so far ns they see tho policy of Vic- toria is good, they will adopt it, and, I may add, no further." Mr. COWl'EIl : Tho hon. nnd learned member knew that speakers were not to bo tied down to tho precise words given In the reports. Mr. MANNING : No doubt tho reporters sometimes lind n difll culty iu catching the preciso words of speakers, owing to various noises, interruptions, and other such onuses, hut hero he saw in- herent grounds for believing that tho report Was correctly given. First then ho proposed to follow blindly tho policy of Victoria, and then he turned round from that with a proposal to have a miner's right of £1 for six months, and no gold duty at all. Tho hon. member might possibly be right in his opinions, though his (Mr. M.'s) views were opposed to them ; but be had mentioned tlieso circumstances solely to show that the present Ministry assumed office, they had no instinct or definite opinion nt all upon the sub- ject. For instance, thc hon. the Attorney-General had, on the 7th September, at Hartley, expressed the following opinion on tho subject of the gold-llclds :-" With respect to tho policy under which tho gold-fields should bc regulated some difference of opinion exists. Tho diggers themselves generally, I believe, aro favourable to tho introduction of tho system which now prevails in tho sister colony of Victoria. That system is, that thc digger obtains what ls called a miner's right, for which .he pays £1, and which entitles him to dig for gold under certain regulations neces- sary for thc mutual protection of tho diggers and the Government. 'Ibero is also n duty placed on tho gold of, 1 believe, 2s. per ounce, which of course is paid by the gold buyer, wt o takes good care, however, to deduct it from tho price lie pays to the gold producer. Tho system hero is different, and, doubtless, lias somo defect, whilo there appears to be also some objection to thc system in force in Victoria. Tho Ministers, however, are not wedded to'nny system. Probably, tho amount of revenue to bc derived from thc" gold-fields would be pretty much tho same under either. Their only desire can bo to see a system lu operation which would bo satisfactory to tho gold population, while it would protect tho rights of the Government and thc Interests of the community at lnrge. Whatever policy may bo recommended by those whose experience entitles them to the greatest weight in the matter, will bo approved of by tho Governor." (Cheers.) Now it was no doubt very easy to say that there wcro dtlll cultlcs in the way of both plans ; but lt went to show this, that nt that time thc Ministry bad not mado up their minds upon thc subject, mid that they hud como to no distinct and definite conclusion upon it. Ho thought, also, that this view was justifie)'., from what had fallen from the head of the Government on the 4th September, no allusion having been made by him to the suhjnet. Before ho went any further, ho could not help alluding to tho MinUterinl want of policy on other Important subjects. On tho subject of education, he might venture to say that thc Ministry, as such, when they took ofllce, were not prepared with nny dis- tinct policy ; nnd if, since their assumption of ofllco they had had thc good fortune to have suggested to them some plnn'by which the objections from every sido were to be removed,. yet that did notovcroomo the difficulty as ho lind put it, and would not have J ustificd them in taking office when they did. As to their admlnls ratlvo arrangements, they lind, up to thc other evening, expressed nothing decisive, and then they only announced that tbcro was to be a public prosecutor, a point which he (Mr. M.), beforo resigning ofllce, had brought under thc notice of tho House ; nnd that lt ivas proposed to appoint n Minister of Justice and Educa- tion, to conduct tho business iii tho Upper House. On this point also, on the occasion of his last addressing tho Houso beforo re- signing ofllce, he had expressed an opinion that some such an np. pointaient would bo required, and had even mentioned that that of Minister of Justico and F.ducation was thc ofllce that ought to bo proposed in order for the conduct of business in thc Upper House. This, then, was the leading feature of their proposal for administrative reform ; and surely thc .honorable members could not lny claim to any vast amount of originality in that respect. Then, again, of tho subject of thc public lands of tho colony, they had taken ofllce with no distinct principles. Thc hon. tho Attorney-General had saidsometbing about making a provision for destitute children out of them ; but he would remind the hon. and learned member that thc Institution for thojiiç.tso tlon or thoso childre^.Tyflisftnr^ member hn'd pro- mised to bring in for them, but had forgotten to do so ; and he trusted that tho hon. and learned member would redeem his pledge, lest any Government measure might not bo forthcoming. On thc question of taxation, again they had been prepared, on taking ofllce, with nothing, though they had come out with something astonishing since then. Tho hon. thc Attorney General said ut'Hu tley, on the "th, that he hoped to bc able to go on without any new taxation, arid yet now. bc asked that House to elvo him a tax that would produce £175,000. Mr. COWPER : Not £100,000. , Mr. MANNING: Thc amount wa» variously estimated. Ile be- lieved tb.it it would produce thc amount be had named. No doubt it veas n very. nico, way to gain tho affections of a constituency,' to tell them as tho hon. and learned member had done, that he believed tho Government would be able to carry on without any additional taxation, except for public works, for which, hy the way, no new' tax would bo required, because it was proposed to construct them by loan. On tho question of land, tho head of tho Government had not made up lils mind on thc 3rd of September, for he had ex- pressed no opinion upon it, at least he believed not ; on thc 30th August he certainly did not. If therefore seemed to him that up- on no one great principle had thc Ministry been prepared on taking oflloe to announce their news, not even on those matters upon which tho Ministry they. had superseded had hecn prepared with bills to come before tho House. As regarded tho gold-flolds of thc colony, the question of their management was ono that they required to go forward with at once, and ono tltat demanded earnest and immediate attention; and yet on this sub- ject it appears that though tho head of thc Government had declared nt ono time that there was no difference of opinion between him and tho late Ministry, yet now it carno out thnt the différence was very great and very material. The difference of opinion on thc subject of tho public hinds which hud been stated to bo so great, had resulted in this, that tho only alteration they were to have hom tho plan proposed by tho former Ministry was, that the present Ministry were prepared with no measure at all. Thc hon. member however, had, as un instalment, proposed a sys- tem of remission tickets in connection with immigration ; but if that hon. member would but recollect, he wouldrcmcmbcr 'that thc Dill brought forward by the late Ministry'contained a clause with thc view of carrying out what was now proposed to bo done by the hon. member, and on introducing the Land Sales Bill, ho (Mr. M.) had called thc attention or thc House to lt. They had proposed that land should be sold by auction, that payments should bu made in cash, and that remission tickets for immigration should bo received as cash in payment for land. Now this had been tho only principio on thc land qnestion an- nounced hy the Ministry, but other members of thc Government, who no doubt wished to further the views that wcro thought to be hëld by their Premier, had announced themselves as favour- able to tho reduction of tho upset prico of land. Thc lato Ministry bad made no mystery of their views ; they had brought forward a bill to keep thc price" of land at ono steady point ; and though he was not wedded to that preciso point, and though he could not go with all that had been said with respect to the necessity for main- taining land nt thc present price, yet he considered that very great p'rinoiples wore involved in tho question-that it was a question purely Australasian, and not ono with which any colony alone, and of its .sole oct, ought to deal. It was one with which no angle .colony ought to tamper without tho concurrence of other colonies, it was ono that required- tho united wisdom of the whole colonies to deal with fairly, and he did protest strongly ngainst nuy.tttcmpt on tho part of one colony to outbid another", hy offering ttcir land nt n lower price. Such would not be n liberal and enlightened, but a huckstering policy unbecoming of any great country to adopt. Ho would not allude to thc effect that any reduction of prico must have upon the public credit, since that had been clearly pointed out by tho hon. member for the Hamlets; but he thought that hon, members forming the Government lind lost sight of this. So different lind it been with the former Ministry, that they had lMt that tcforo taking office this was a subject upon which they would have to make up their minds before anything else; feeling n.i they did that if once it went abroad that the upset price of land was to bo reduced, or that it was in any way uncertain, then wai » «op wouui UL- ai once put to all tho eales of land throughout the country, because, however anxious n pi won "J""11' "C to buv, he would be suro to wait for a lower price. For this rea- son then, the lato Ministry had felt it their duty se pronounce their policy upon this at onco. What waa the. íonsrovcnco of thc course puwied bv the present Government! It w that tho land sales were stopped until thc price of land should ** «MW- *or they had one member of thc Government saying t.«' tt *'AS to uc 5s., and two others fixing some indefinite price, whi. « tsewcau ol the Government said first one thing and then another, . **» ** fast wound up by informing tho House that tho Ministe."» "&2°t made up their mind. Thus in order to gain a temporary p. V<tJJ¡mf> they had entirely lost sight of tho principles that they i1"!*»? i have announced and abided by. (Cheers, and a marked i.T*"» cheer from Mr. Murray.) The hon. member interrupted In a «f W that lcd to tho belief that ho was yawning. Hr. HURRAY: It was quite sufficient to mako any one yawn. . Mr. MANNING would take no notice of what thc hon. member said, further than to remark that thal hon. member, since he had been in thc House that session, had managed to create moro irri- tation and ill feeling than any other member of the House. Now, with reference to tho gold-fields,' this also bad been a subject upon which the present Ministry had no distinct policy when taking office. Even the hon. member for tho Southern Boroughs had in the course of two short weeks shewn a disposition to go from that line of policy which hohad prided himseir to have held for years. The gold license was to be dropped, and a miners' right was to be substituted. He must object to such a shifting of principles, and to such a course of proceeding as hud been adopted by hon, gentlemen opposite, for two reasons : first, because he had seen y the report of the hon. Premier's speech that he had expressed himself favourable ,. to an adaptation of tho gold-fields law« of Victoria to this colony, and had expressed a : hope that such a change would be found acceptable to the class of diggers. This, he contended, was not the question that had to be considered : the real ouestion was, what would be acceptable and right towards the public. No Minister ought to aim at what would please any particular class, however much influence that Class might fcnre, OT howncr much popularity the Ministry might w"Tï^w»!JC!1 ,l,rin°1P,cs "S this Ministry had «. aSod Í. " A.? »chad said before, t.io true prtiey on tins, as on thc mod question, would bo to consult tho rfÀcr colony, to put both on an equality, that there should bo a Tal ?field and no favour on a l sides, and that each country shc^dd dei end on thc inherent value of its own resources for fnvV.ar or "OT Sot Tho principio thnt ono colony should endeavour to push Itself Into notice before another, by outbidding lt in liberality was onothathe wholly repudiated. Though ho was not wedded tc" tho gold Heids policy of V ctoria In its entirety, yet, it the«wi ro to be any chango from lt, il ought only to be made on the concurrence of tho two countries, some means being taken to moko tho policy of tho two colonies accord with 'each other, each of them a lowing their gold-fields to have their own influence According to their rçlabvc vnroe - their management being ns fnr aspnsslble alike. _tl" _, ".,".ub.«iLi;Mi min ijiicsuun, innc ms non. j Menu at tho head ot tho Government, who once opposed tho policy proposed by Mr. Wentworth, musthuvo been mistaken when he snlflitwns thc policy of Victorln.'os it was not tho Victoria policy then. Some bills had been brought forward, or notices of them given, hy thc Government, which were, as far as he could see, like thoso thc previous Ministry proposed,-the bill to esta- blish municipal institutions. Tho late administration were ngrccd in that; there was no dtlfcrcnco between the two Governments, therefore, in that. A bill for the establishment of municipal in- stitutions in Sydney was already prepared and printed by tho lato Ministry. There was a bill to provide for the investment of trust monevs'and public securities. Thnt was under consideration nnd agrce'd on by thom, nnd instructions given for tho pre- paration of tho bill for that purpose. Whether his hon. friends lind lind' tho benefit of thnt, ho eou'.d not »ny. With reference to thc bill for Increasing the Judges' salaries tho drafts- men had Instructions to prepare, that there was a difference be- tween tho bill of tho old Ministry and the one proposed by thc present; the former proposed that thc puisne judges should re- ceive £2000 a year nnd tho Chief Justice £2500 ; thc latter, timi the puisne judges Bhould receive £2000 nnd the Chief Justice £150 more. Thus they would observo that the principle was nol much altered. Tlo'dld not know that there was any measure o importanco differing from thoso proposed by tin loto Ministry. ' Ho did not seo there was any thlnj new, with tho exception of this Gold-field Ilegulntion WU, am thc Land Question ; and in these two matters in which they dif fcred from tho late ministry, they lind erred most grievously, fo they hud adopted tho policy of underselling the neighbouring co lonies-a pnutlco whioh ought never to emanato from New Soot! Wales. A few words on tho subject of thc Bar. When his hon friend, Mr. Nichols, tho member for tho Northumberland Ho roughs, was proposed for Solicitor-General, ho (Mr. Manning took an objection to thc appointment. Ho then wrote to that hot gentleman, and stated that he thought that courso should not I pursued. He did not say the Queen had not thc power to do 1 but that thc principle of not going out of thc Bar was so long e tablishcd, that lt ought to be almost looked on ns part of the Coi stitution : and that he for one would not take ofllco In any ai ministration in which tho Solicitor- General was not a member < the Bar, or a gcntlemun who lind audience in thc Supren .r.-V o V . vujt.i.iiuu ««a nut puisunnily io ;ur. Martin, us ho had mado it with rctbronco to his omi colleague. With retcreiico to «io conversation be- tween thc Colonial Treasurer and himself, which that hon. gentle- man thought ho had done wrong to mention, he did not soo what reason to look on it os a private conference. Ho (Mr. Manning) was justout of tho ollice, and was indeed on lils wav to tho Execu- tive Council, nnd thc hon. Colonial Trcwirer took'offico that day, and spoke to him on thc subject of forming a Ministry. Mr. CAMPBELL ; Because he took office that day.'thb hon. and learned gcntleninn inferred he wns in offlco nt tho timo he spoko to lum, nnd ho was not,-and tho conversation was certainly con- fidential. Mr. MANNING : No doubt tho hon. member was not In office, as ho said so. Tho conversation was not confidential ; other sub- jects were talked of nt tho.samo time, in conlidcncc. Mr. CAMPBELL : It was all in confidence. Mr. MANNING : The hon. member was mistaken. Mr. CAMPBELL was not mistaken. It was in confidence. Mr. COWPER.: And the next doy, an attorney in tho Supremo Court told him ho heard Mr. Manning mention it there. Mr. MANNING : Possibly ho might have dono so. The hon. Colonial Treasurer had said ho was on his way when ho mot him to a member of tho Bar. Mr. CAMPBELL : To Mr. Isaacs. (Laughter.) ' Mr. MANNING : It appeared to him that tho hon. member was thc messenger of thc Colonial Secretary on tho occasion, «nd as ho was not always very clear in his modo ot. expressing himself, perhaps ho did not always recollect what ho said. No doubt lie thought he said it was confidential, he was too honest a man to say | so if he did not ; but when ho taunted them with wanting to form a coalition, when thc only person who had to his knowledge pro- posed lt was that hon. member himself, it certainly carno with bad grace from that quarter. Mr. CAMPBELL: Ho simply nsked if Mr. Manning ' won Id accept the office of Sollcitor-Goncrol, and that gentleman had twisted it into an offor to form a coalition. ' Mr. MANNING had n right to draw his own inferences from thc facts he had before him. His hon. friend at tho head of thc Government and thc Hon. Colonial Treasurer ho know were great friends, and he found they tonk office together ; ho had therefore a right to suppose that the hon. Colonial Treasurer came to him with thc consent of his colleague; he might bc wrong, but these were the grounds of his inferences. Tho great ground upon which ho objected to rho assumption of office by tho present Ministry was that thev did so without sufficient grounds -without principios regarding rather tho question of men than measures. Tho hon. member seemed to think it was his duty to form a Government if ho could by nnv possible means. He (Mr. M.) could seo no reason why it should be so, and ho would call to tho mind of the hon. Colonial Secretary a remark which occured in a conversation be- tween them when he (Mr. Cowper) said he. could not do without Mr. Martin, mid thc rcplv was that which ? Napoleon gave to thc soldier when he said, "fl faut vivre," and thc response, "Je n< t>oir )>OJ U nrcessitf.'1 Tho question was rather did the ptiblh interest demand this step I and he thought the public intercsl did not. To uso another French sentence, tho hon. gcntlemai seemed to think thothc should apply to himself the words " I'etai c'est mei." To that ho (Mr. Manning) could not agree. Tl« hon. gentleman might have boon lcd hy an anxiety for office tc exaggerate thc necessity for lils being thc one to form tho Ministr; and had therefore brought forward an administration which hi would not have, under other circumstance.!, desired, no mus alludo In conclusion to tho threats held out that a dissolutloi would take place should tho Ministry bo beaten on this or othci measures. Under existing circumstances, if ho could quit offtci 'with a conscience void of offence, he would bc anxious to do so If this resolution was carried the only proper courso for tin Ministry was to resign. To cling to olllcc would bo to act uncoil stitutionnlly, and to make Constitutional Government in th! country a mockery and a snare. That a u dissolution should tnk place on a question of this kind when no principio was involved when it could not bc said that tho feeling "r tl,., """ntrv wns with thc nrcsent Ministry, who Î^Ar^- í*22**M®T^T?Miïài "would b0 'ífrtjigeilicr against correct principles of constitutional government, nnd with reference to this subject ho would rend ii quotation from i n speech of Slr Robert Peel, made in 1810. " Wo have advised lier Majesty to accept our resignation at once, without adopting that alternative to which we might have resorted, namely, recommend- ing tho Crown the exercise or its prerogative, und thc dissolution of the present Pnrllnmcnt. I do not hesitate to nvow, speaking . .with a frankness that 1 trust will oifend no one, that if her Ma- jesty's Government had failed In carrying in all their integrity tho main measures of commercial policy which it was my duty to recommend, that there is no exertion that.I would not have mode -no sncritloo that I would not have incurred in order to ensure tho ultimata success of these measures, or at any rate ta give thc country on opportunity of pronouncing its opinion on tho subject. For such a purpose I would have lolt justified in advising dissolution ; because I think the continuance of doubt t and uncertainty on such important matters would have been a . greater evil than the resort to n constitutional modo of n«ccr , taming thc opinion of the nation. Mut there kia fortunately been no necessity for tho dissolution of Parliament on that ground. Thoso who dissented most strongly from our commercial policv withdrew all factious and unseemly opposition ; and protesting against our measures, they have finally allowed them to pass. Those measures have thus become the law. I do not feel that wc should bc Justified for any subordinate consideration for the mero interests of Government or party, in advising the exorcise of the prerogative to which I have referred, and the dissolution of Par- liament. I fed von' strongly that no Administration is justified In advising thc exercise of that' prerogative unless thero be a reasonable presumption, a strong moral conviction, Indeed, that after the dissolution they would bc enabled to administer tho affairs of tho countrv through tho support of a party sufficiently powerful to carry their measures. I do not think a dissolution justifiable merely for the purpose of strengthening a party. The power of dissolution is a great instrument in tho hands of tho Crown ; and it would havo a tendency to blunt the instrument, if it were employed without gravo necessity. If thc purpose were to entibio the country to decide . whether Ministers.had been justified in proposing tho" measures of commercial policy brought forward nttbcbcginnliigof thc session, these measures having passed into a law, I do not think that such a purpose alone would bo a sufficient ground for a dissolution. There ought also to bo a strong presumption that, nfter a new election, there would bo returned to this House a party with strength sufficient to enable tho Government, by their support, to carry on that system ol public policy oi which it approved. 1 do not mean n support founded upon mere temporary sympathy, or a support founded upon concurrence in ono great question of domestic policy, however important we ought not, in my opinion, to dissolve without a full assurance that wo should have tho sup- port of a powerful pnrty united with us, by accordance In general news and principles of government. In tho present stnto and divisions of pnrtv, and after all that has occurred, I do not enter- tain a confident hope that a dissolution would give us that sup- port. I think, too, that uftcr tho excitement that lins taken place -after thc stagnation of trade that has necessarily followed our protracted discussions on the corn laws and tho tariff, it is not an advantageous period for a dissolution, but that tho country should bo allowed on interval of tranquillity and repose. Wo have, therefore, on these several grounds, preferred instant resignation to tho alternative.'' Having quoted theso passages, he would unhesitatingly express his opinion that there were no circumstances whatever existing to justify a dissolution. There were no great principles involved which rendered it necessary to nppcal to tho public. Ho thought that on distinct matters of principles, on measures, there was but little to change between them sinco tho present Ministry took office, considering the circumstances when the late Ministry took office. With referenco to the tariff there might bc some differ- ence ; tho measures contemplated tho policy of the gold-fields, education, and tho price of land. With reference to n dissolution, he would express Ins conviction that if thc bon. gentlemen oppo- site attempted tho stop they would do it to their cost. (Hear, hear. "No, no.") He would express it ns hlsclear and firm conviction he might bo wrosg-that If they (tho Ministry) appeared beforo their constituents nt a general election, hon. gentlemen opposite would not again find themselves so strong as they were at present. (Hear, hear.) But whether that would bc thc enso or not, wns not thc question. If such an event would strengthen a party, that ought not to bc taken as a reason for asking for a dissolution. lt would bo asking lier Majesty's representative to abuse tho prerogative of tho Crown, to dlssolvo tho Parliament of tile country upon such unconstitutional and usoless and frivolous f[rounds. If he belonged to an administration whick would act n a way sn that, that would ask for a dissolution of Parliament on such grounds as these, he for one without reference to question or Îarty would quit that administration nt once. He thanked tho toute for the patient hearing it had accorded to him. (Cheers I i ¡rom tuc opposition.) I Mr. MDKHAY then rose : In addressing tho House upon that occasion ho would endeavour to avoid, ns far as the circumstances which had arisen in the course of tho debate would allow, to avoid anything like that asperity of failing that had been attri- buted to his two honorablo colleagues who had already addressed thc House. It was well-known to all who hod watched his career te thc House,- that he was at all times a plain spoken man, that he expressed his thoughts boldly and freely, but also that whatever he said to a man ho always said it openly before his face, and he defied any person to say that ho had boen ever heard to utter a word against a marf elsewhere than in his presence. He defied any person to say, however bold his language might be, that he ever resorted to tho practice of petty slander. In tho position he maintained he unfortuna **'y, hi tho estimation of certain members of that House, had erred c"u account of the course he had pursued in advocating measures wh 'eh he considered most consisten t with his past life, and most conu udve to the welfare of the country. Ills present acts were not to be attributed to such motives as the hon. gentle- man from one of the Northern" districts had referred to. Although In office now, there were circumstances which now or hereafter, should he be in office n.TsiD, or in thc event of tho Ministry having to resign, would not atl'ow him to take.offlce permanently. Ho would not give up his co.mtry pursuits on account of any office I that was open for thc acceptance of any hon. member of that . House at present. Ho might,-, In the course of time, aspire to > some elevated position, but if he should be so fortunate as to attain I to that position, his course to it would bs like the eagle that soars, ' not Ute tUo TcnUlB thnt crawl»; (Hear, hcav.V . ito would seek ' high ellice boldly and fearlessly, and.openly, " tho fabe of hts fellow-colonists, fiat ho would never descend to sneak Into it by i?T«^"1"^0"« (cl,cor,8-) It would bo a tax upon himself, as well as upon tho timo and patlenco or tho House, to attompt to follow tho hon. nnd learned member, who last addressed tho House, through the discursive speech which ho (Mr. Manning) had justrteliyorcd. That bon. and len med gentleman's speech was some- thing Uko that illustrated in tho old fabio, wh.ro every man brought his goods for inspection, and each maintained that his own was better than his neighbours. Tho burden of that gentle- man s song was-thero was nothing Uko leather, and drawing n distinction between the policy mid measures or tito hito Ministry and tho present, praising everything that had been prepared by himself and colleagues, and condemning every measure and thing that had been proposed by tho Ministry now in pillee. Hut ho would ask tho House and thc country whether they had had a fair trial granted to thom yet. (Cheers and cries of V,, irom JIinistcrinl benches.) What they lind time to do they did, nnd Ont was to give a slight sketch of what they proposed to do. Ikey had been accused of factious opposition, because they at the first complained or tho manner in which tho Into Ministry had token omeo. If ho used strong lnnguago In repelling the attacks made upon him-he, a mnglstratoof tho colony, holding a commis- sion under the Crown or England, to bo accused or being a repub llcan-ho repelled that charge with tho most indignant language ho %yas justtned in using us a person holding a commission under tho Crown, as n.membcr ol that House, nnd ns un English gentle . »"".i;""T!1"»1' tvuuivL'u wus grao, mm ll no nnswored lt in such terms ns tho provocation deserved, he would do nothing moro than jnstico to himseir, with justice to tho posi- tion ho held, and justico to tho consideration which sonic of his fellow-colonists nt nil events held him in, required him to do. With reference to tho measures reverted to by the honorable and learned member for tho South Kiding, nnd his connection with tho present Cabinet, ho would say, and he would speak thus fur for his" colleagues, that they would act in such a spirit when they lind time to do so, bring forwnrd mensures that would, he folt con- vinced, bo strongly supported, and that would commnnd a vnst majority of tho people out of dojrs. And If such a step should follow this motion as was feared, nnd a dissolution at any time ensuo, he had not tho slightest doubt, after appealing to the con- stituents, that they would come buck to tho Houso Identified with tho measures they lind propounded, nnd would carry them with a sweeping majority. (Hour, hear, and no, no.) That remains to be seen, but he could nssuro tho House that ho lind received communications from far and near expressing admiration of tho courso tho Ministry hud taken sd far. (Cries of dissent, and hear, hear.) He had also received communications expressing satisfac- tion at tho courso thnt lind been ndoptcd with reference to thc ap- pointment of the Into Ministry. Tho lato Ministry lind assumed OIUCC In what he considered was a most unconstitutional mode, nnd ho condemned that mode from tho first, and hud brought authority after authority to bear upon tho question, nnd which were unanswerable. Even thc hon. and learned member for tho South ' Hiding lind, during his speech, admitted tho forco of lils argu- ments, for ho'had put them in such a light thnt no person impar- tially considering the matter could do otherwise than admit that thoriate Ministry took ofllco unconstltutionallv. Tho members of that Ministry.got Into office before tho whole of tho members of thc Assembly, had sat, beforo they had been sworn In. (No, no.) Thoy hod got In by Intrigue. Mr. DONALDSON contradicted tho assertion. They lind not taken ofllco till after thc Governor-General's address had been delivered to thc House. Mr. MURRAY resumed: When they had everything cut and dry for them. . They Iud no right to be whore they were, and tho Government of thc colony lind exceeded its duty tn putting them , into ofllco, and it was for that reason that he opposed them. Ile ' was supported in his views upon that particular point by an nblo article in thc last Edinburgh Jltvicw that had reached tho colony. The late Ministry, when it resigned, commanded a majority in tho Houso, and ho for one was willing from the first to gi rem them n fair trial. Not a single act to which they could point, nor anything in tho courso ho had pursued toward that .Ministry could bc shown ns partaking of tho colour of n factious opposition. Ho would have given thom a fair trial. Ho might and would have opposed them on tho land question, and he would have strongly opposed them on their proposed measure on tho Constitution Hill, which they wore aoout to bring down. Ho would have been obliged to go against them on those points lind they come beforo tho House, ut they lind met with no opposition to justify their retirement from office. (Cheers from thc Ministerial benches.) There wns no reason whatever for such a step, for lu fact tho Ministry had commanded a majority throughout. (No, no. Hear, hear.) Tho cause of their resignation was nppnrcnt from the first, and tho very remark he had made at thc Hi st notice had since boen jus- tified by what had taken pince. Ho said then that ho believed that they partlculaly desired to resign, in order that they might return with increased strength. Their resignation was therefore n sham, and to show further that it was so considered, he might refer to the visit of the honorable and learned member for Argylo to tho Governor-General, about which so much joking had been, clearly showed that tho impression of that honorable and learned member wns, that even he did not beltevo tho resignation of tho Ministry was true. Whnt convinced him on this point thc more was tho ndmission of thc honorable and learned member for thc South Riding, who said In reference to the present Ministry, that tho honorable the Colonial Secretary was not justified in taking office, as haling no party formed, nor measures of any kind prepared, and that, therefore, ho (Mr. Cowper) had no right whutovor to assume office. Tho proper conclusion ho drew from that was that tho late Ministry had in their own mind conceived that thc honorable member (Mr.' Cowper) would not ho able to form a Ministry, and that he would have to adopt a suggestion of their party, to aban- don tho attempt and allow tho former Ministry to como back to power. That was the real object they hud in view, to secure which they had temporarily, as they thought, resigned.. Even their supporters, who had gono through thick nnd thin in sup- porting them during this debate, and the arguments of some of wham ho .would answer by and bye, even they had their doubts about the reality of their resignation. Some of them went even to the fountain head to ascertain thc true state of tho case, and even went so far as to condemn tho courso of tho late Ministry, their friends, had pursued. A family-like meeting of thc members was afterwards held, and nftcr considering and rc-consldcrlng tho best course to pursue, mid after having held a meeting ut Kellet Hons;, nt which tho Invisible reporter of thc Empire was, fortunately, able to get, tho particulars of which had been revealed, and after having had no doubt a number of other meetings which they had no report of, this present motion was concocted, and tho plan of bringing it. before tho Houso was fixed upon, l'or what was tho motion concocted, and the proceedings that were to attend it planned! l'or .tho express purpose of blasting tho character of one honorable member of that House. (Cries of " No, no," and "Yes, yes.") They held two meetings. At a meeting that was held in Maitland it was determined that the attack, so fierce, so violent, and, ns it proved, unmanly and ungenerous, hud been prepared for thc head of the present honorable and learned Attorncy-Goneral. (Cries of "No, no," nnd " Hear, hear.") That schemo hnd been afterwards abandoned, and it was resolved that BDHIC other modo and winn ?'?"",*^ wlmlT present Mmrsxry. It nppearcd that, although tho resolution was alone in tended at tba first to apply to thc honorable and learned Attorney-General (Mr. .Martin) lt was afterwards so modified ns to include tho whole Ministry, while nt the same timo the speech that had been concocted to destroy Mr. Martin In thc first instanco was so prepared that it could still bo delivered under the altered systems ol'tactics. With reference to tho hon. mover of tho speech, ho deemed it justico to himself to say in tho course of a late debato he used language to him which lie felt he was not justified In using, and ho now expressed his regret for haring done so. (Hear, hear). That honorablo member was a gentleman of whose ability he had formed, from thc llttlo ac- quaintance ho hud of him, a very high opinion. Ho believed that the hon. gcntlcmnn (Mr. liny) hud brought ii lnrgo amount ol 'gentlemanly bearing nnd high order of ability, coupled with con- siderable education to tho Councils of thc country. But all tin ability and all tho good qualities heposscssed were of no usc what- ever, unless, as it appeared to him, it was accompanied with n greater amount ol' independence than ho had yet shown On every occasion on which a division was culled for, that gentle- man sup'ported the late Government, and on thc only occasion on which tho present Ministry was attacked, he was an attacker. Perhaps it was but just to believe that ho was deceived as to thc cou se he had pursued. He avowed that bc was not actuated by party feeling ; hut nevertheless, ho hud been un cr tho secrcl influences which he for one, of lils own knowledge, knew had been exercised by some bon. gentleman on thc other side of the House. (Cries of "Oh, oh.") Ho knew it for n fact, because nn nttempl was made to oust the colls on himself (Mr. Murray). He however, was not one to bc taken so easily. Ho Judged for himself. Ono gentleman, who took au active part in tho matter, had thc tcmcritj to ask him what part he was going to take, after having nibbled at the subject a long timo before. Ho told tho hon. gentleman that it was his intention to vote for those measures which bo con- sidered were identified with tho permanent welfare of thc country, no matter what those measures might be. Although ho wns r member of the present Cublnet, still if there was any measure pro- posed to tile House by it, from which he differed, that moment he would resign. Ho felt certain that tho course pursued by the hon. member from the Murrumbidgee in attacking tho honorablo member for Cook and Westmoreland, resulted from tho impression mado upon bim by honorable mein hors on the opposite side of the House, who took an active part on siich occasions to do all they could by private communications and insinuations to damage tho characters of others. Tho attack upon Mr. Martin was unjustifiable. In tho first place ho stated that he had been convicted of having mudo a false declaration some years ago. Now tho state of tho case was this : Mr. Martin laid n certain quoll ficutlon on. tho tablo of this Home. [He admitted himself a few evenings ago that there were ninny things incorrect about lt.] And a tribunal was appointed to Inquire into its true nature Mr. Martin objected to tho competency of that tribunal ; ho nover appeared to make nnydefence to thc ex pirie statement.' made against him. They were reported upon. That report was brought up, and tho Speaker ordered tho Sorgcant-at-Arms to remove the honorable member. Ho (Mr. Martin) brought an action against tho Speaker and the Sergcant-at-Arms-put thc cause into tho bunds of a banister, who ho found mismanaged thc case, upon which he took it up himself, argued his own case with great ability, and gained a verdict. If tho hon. gentleman who mado tho statement, therefore, had inquired into thc case, as he was bound by every consideration which ono man ought tc havo for another, lie would have seen the true nature of. thc ease, but he considered the course ho had followed involved a great departure from thc usages of civilized life, and ho could compare it to nothing but to the torture thc Red Indian inflicted upon lils captive. Tho hon. gentleman accused had defended himself sc ably that there could bc no question he had roused tho feeling ol the House and tho country in his favour. No hon. member pre- sumed to reply to him. Pinding their nrts recoil upon them- selves, thev pursued tho cowardly courso of moving an adjourn- ment, in order to consider during the evening and the following day what course they should pursue. Mr. G. MACLEAY reminded the hon. gentleman thntthe reason for the adjournment was stated ot thc time. Mr. MURKAY : Thc adjournment was carried on division. We were tho attacked parties, and when one man, who was to bo victimised In this unmanly and ungenerous manner, defended himself so ablv and powerfully that lils opponents were unable to go on. (Loud erics of " Oh, oh," from thc Opposition and cross benches.) But when they came next day, what was tho course pursued t Tho first thing tho hon. member for thc Sydney Haul lets said wns, that he had abandoned that course. Mr. DONALDSON said these denials of statcmcnts were very unpleasant. It seemed as though one's word was not sufficient. He had stated at the commencement of his speech that it was not his intention to allude to tho hon. member at all, whatever might bc the course of other hon. gentlemen, and explained his reasons. tr» hail niUJiinir morn ta add. Mr. MOllJJAY : At all events, whatever tho hon. gentleman sum, the taclici of the Opposition changed, (cries of " Oh 1 oh I") and thc attack npon Mr. Martin was abandoned. Mr. DARVALL; Tho hon. gentleman had no right to impute that which ho did not know to bo true, and which was not in fact true, to other hon. gentlemen. Tho hon. member, in fact, stated what bc bad no means of knoirjng anything about, merely gauging other men by himself. Mr. NICHOLS : Tho hon. member for tho Southern Boroughs had applied tho term cowardly to hon. gentlemen opposed to him ; he had also, on a former occasion, applied tho word "tyro" to one bon. member ; and he (Mr. N.J\ called upon tho Speaker to interpose when such language was used, or thc result might bo serious, j Mr. PIDDINGTON could not understand how anything but personalities could bo expected in the discussion of such a resolu- tion. . Mr. MURRAY drew his conclusion from" the facts before thc House. The bon. member again alluded to Mr. Martin's "triumphant speech," remarking that tho attacking party at once gave up, although the attacked were ready fi go on. Mr. DONALDSON remarked that the adj [ournm ent was moved I last night by an hon. member in favour of the Government. Mr. MURRAY was anxious to avoid personalities. Ho had already expressed his regret at having used thc word " ÍYta." ^ Mr. NICHOLS was not aware, or he should not have mentioned Mr. MURRAY : In the conreo of thc debate last night, the ¿on, member for the Sydney Hamlets also used strong language. N Mr, NICHOLS: Jt wu the duty of the Speaker to interfere nní^m0"? 1?nglitB0 ulcd on/either aidp of the HOM», with. ML? AI$NK ,or nn>'hon- member to take objection to word«',ZA ? Tho SPEAKER said a few words (almost Ina.ulMc¿Tth^5. lory), understood to be to tho effect that lt wns tho durr o?f & mTbcrs themselves, in common with himself, to prc^o-or.w" Mr. PA11KES had taken down words of tl oVto heed Ä* Government (Mr.Donnldson) used in his speccl of yesterdav lwAM;C8CTNT "'fry.had (?r,!>8',cd at Power for their OTO S objects." Ho could not conceive a moro clear examnle tt Mr. MÇHOLS : Not more so than that of tho hon member fm Cook and-Westmoreland, who intimated that any man who" voM prívntel£Ím °n 'hU °CCaSÍOn' Bho,,U * °« Ädy'^ After a short and uninteresting conversation, Mr. MURKAY said tho. hon. member, for Sydncv Hamb.», mndo uso of offensive lnngungo last night. } y Hamlet» Mr. DONALDSON : AVhnt language t Mr. MURRAY; The hon. member compared Mr. CowT, to tho "Jells communis, or domestic cat ;" Mr. Campbell to ihn 'brainless magpie;" Mr. Martin totho » sewcr-l"ralrat» aï? h w^^ï-.ÎVîïî?? "t0 Í'10 80lTn didttC«° owl." Äbte-Í Mr. DONALDSON explained that tho animals alluded to wcT fn"míy°" promlnont ob-¡ccU '»«'ccago containing thc «happy dÄÄ «ÄtfÄ?11 u'°r*te ^--p'rinnîuâ T .ilî.V'i?0^1'?8?^ : You "rc mistaken; I expressly stated that I would not make tho comparison. - " Mr. MURRAY could, assure his lion, friend that he and hf« colleagues cared ns little for tho emoluments of office as tho hon member himself. In fact, it was not his (Mr. M»rray°s) Ätlon under any circumstances to.continuo in office for a length of time ' Hisonlydeslrowas torcmntninofllocunUl ho had succeeded in assisting his hon. friend at the head of- the Government to corni plctc some grcnt scheme of policy willoh was likely to prove bene, tidal o the best Interests of tho country. (Hear, licar.rindecdat would not suit bim lo give up permanently his country pursuits for any-office it was in the power of tho Legislative to confer on him With regard to the assertion of tho hon.Bmember for tho Sydnci Hamlets that ho (Mr. Murray) would not walk on thc same"side ot ' found, by tho bye, that tho plan ho proposed had been ndontcd bv thc late Ministry, in so far as the distribution of the deposits ex. elusively among thc colonial banks, was concerned. 1 Mr. HOLT denied thnt there had ever been anything of th» kind, although he admitted that if thc late Ministry had remained in olttco they would probably havo brought about somo such an arrangement. ; -. u [After a- very brief explanation from Mr. CAMPBELL, an* a suggestion of Mr. JONES, that theso interruptions ought not to be indulged in, tho hon. member proceeded.] Mr. MURRAY resumed, observing that tho facts of thi cass appeared to bo just as be had stated them. Tho Government had virtually adopted thc system, but not hnvttig any deposits towlth draw from tho other banks they could not Ira considered pcrhaos as having practically enforced it. Ho was. aware; from a letter ho lind som, that some such chango had taken place. It appeared from tho letter thatachequo drawn hythe chairman of tho De- nominational School Board' was dishonoured, ia consequence of thc nccount at tho Bank having been transferred to ono of tho other Sydney banks. As~ bo would not suffer himself to be misrepresented, ho would state tho circumstance which appeared to givo rise to the misapprehension into which tho hon. member had fallen respecting his opinion ot bank directors. Ho was not, of course, so extremely' insensible to the courtesies of life ns to refuse to walk with a gentleman simply because he was a bank director. Ho did suv, -how» over, with reference to tbc failure bf tho Bank of Australia, somo years ago, concerning1 tho management of which a great deal of suspicion was excited; that if he were to meet any of the officers belonging to the institution in the street, he would cross over to the other side of tho road. Thc hon. gentleman had also argued that thc Ministry likely to be most permanent would bc one taking in both partier. Now he entirely differed from tho hon; member, as he believed that a coalition Ministry could never work advantageously together. (near, hear.) Ho for ono would never join such a^Ministry, for. tho slmplo reason that bo could never moke the compromise of principle necessary to its harmonious operation. Inall thoso questions of great importance to tho country, such, for instance, as the management of the waste lands, tho amended Constitution Act, and thc settlement of those principles by which taxation should bo governed, he would never relax in tho slightest degree tho views which ho then held. Nor did ho believe that the principles of his colleagues with regard to theso matters were less firm. Ho had no doubt ' whatever.' notwithstanding tho opposition nt present offered, that thoso great principles on which bc conceived thc well- being and good govcrr. mont of the country so much depended would eventually prevalí,' (Hear, hear.) Ho was sorry that lils hon. friend opposito (Mr. Donaldson), who was onco so warm an advocate of those priori, pies, had thought proper td abandon them by nssoclatirig himself with those members against whom ho was formerly so much op« pored. (No, no, from Mr. Donaldson.) In taking this course, ho believed the hon. member had " dono much to damage his position ns a pubic, man. Tho hon. and learned member for tho South Riding had said that tho late ministry failed to produce a policy anything Uko so good ns that which was put forth by thc late Ministry. . How- ever this might bc, thero was ono thing very certain, that they did not commciico their administrativo duties by getting their portraits taken for tho purpose of having them sent homo. (Laughter.) Whatever might bo tho faults of tho present Ministry, they had no desiro to send ,their likenesses homo, in order that tho English people might bo enabled to sec what kind of fices thc Australian climate could produce. ? (Laughter.) . It was tho opinion of some persons thnt animal lifo in this colony lind a tendency to retro- grade, and he wa» only afraid .that their fcllow-íubjects nt homo would find tn tho hon. gentlemen's likenesses too much causo for tho confirmation of this opinion. (Laughter.) Tho hon. raid learned member for Argyle had told them that he (Mr. Murray) or any other loy person might bc ' appointed to tho office of Attorney-Goneral on the same principle as Mr. Martin had been appointed. .Now, although bc had not thc pre- sumption to think that he was at all qualified to perform thc duties of that office, still he did not seo why there should bc any rcstrlc teon to prevent Wm or hny ono olso aspiring to it. It was not at all Improbable, that If he wcro to apply himself to the necessary studies, that ho might in . n few weeks become as weft qualified to perform thc ordinary duties of Attorney- General as thc hon. and learned member for "Argyle himself. (Ironical , cheers.) Tho hon. and learned gentleman lind told them also that thc Har had always been'a barrier against tyranny. So far from this being thc case, ho found, on referring to history, that many of tho most cruel and . mischievous tyrants thnt ever lived had been produced by . tho Bar. (Mr. PLUNKETT : I only spoke of the Bar ns. a body.) [Mr. M. here cited. feacfui1! mcnca¥?Fic bar fiad proved'*thcmselves"to' be great" and cruel tyrants.) On tho other hand, ho knew of no Instance in . which tho Bar had-signalizcd- Itself by any stand that it had ever made in tho cause of freedom". (Hear, hear.) With regard to Mr. Martin, however, ho had .from tho very first supported his nppointraent, not only because bc thought thnt gentleman highly competent for thc office, but because he thought lt woiild bc one of tho surest means of breaking through that absurd custom by willoh the selection of ? gentlemen for thc ofllco or ' Attorupy-Gcncrnl was confined to ' tho bar. But ho denied that tho appointment or Mr. Martin ns Attornoy. General had proved Responsible Government to bo tho delusion, and the farce which, under such an appointment, it had bepn re- presented to bo. Ho believed that appoiutmcnt bad been made to carry out tho principles ot Responsible Government, and so for os he wns concerned in it, ho hesitated not to say, that whit he had already done be would bo ready to Bo again to-morrow; lt baa again been said by the hon. and learned member for Argyle (Mr. Plunkett) that there was nothing to check thc Attorney-General In tho exercise ol his discretion-thnt ho could send any manto trial it it so pleased him. Now, although ho did not pretend to bo very learned in tho law, at all events he . knew enough of it on this question, lío know that at tho prcscut day no nian'could bo put upon his trial by tho more action of tho Attorney-General., nc knew that to all men whom tho Attorney-General had control over, courts of appeal were open. He knew, too, that with tho discretionary power which tho magistrates ? now nosscsscd,' tho responsibility of tho fnnctions of th» Attorney-General were greatly reduced. Now, tho magistrates had a power to exercise their discretion, to hear evidence both for and against, and to decide upon tluVmerits of tito case and odjudl. cato upon it. HoJiad had somo experience as a magistrate, and ho lind tried cases as carefully, with as much patience, and he believed as justly as they would have been tried in any other court. Thc duties of tho Attorney-General, therefore, were re- duced. Was it true that this awful amount of responsible power was vested in the hands of thc Attornoy-Gencrall Whatever might have been the case in former days, did they not know whatever historical records could furnish them, of tho proceedings of former years. At present thc Attorney-General could of himself do nothing. Thus ho was watched by the Press of the country, by thc juries ol tho country, and above all, now. that they were independent, by the Judgcsof the country. (Cheers.) Hut the responsibility which it lind becii said was so dangerous to entrust tho Attorney-General had in reality nocxistence. Tho objectionable principles on which he had been opposed could in reality never come Into operation. And lie would ask whether in all the relations of private life, whether the career of Mr. Martin did not appear before them puro and unsullied. Ho ndmitted lt wns not desirable, that it was not necessary, that enquiry should bc made into thc private character of any man. But ho contended that there were many instances in political history in which the moral character of tho mua.would not compare willi his celebrity andp-oputation as a politician. Ho would toko Robert Somers and Sergeant Mayer as instances. But though Mr. Martin's private character wns, ns ho had said, un- sullied by any stain which his enemies could cast upon it,-he had been, ns ho himself had Buid, a marked man from tho outset of his career. He had strugglcdjin against opposition, he had always been on rcristance, and ho had by his own energies toiight against every obstacle, obtained the high position he now held, and tho country admired him Tor lt. (Cheers.) Ho confessed that lie joined with tho country, and that he admired him for lt. Ho believed that tho same resolution, tho same high qualities which hud enabled Mr. Martin to succeed In former trials would be successful now. He believed be would bo succcssftil In this struggle, ns ho had been in others, in sp ito. of all the opposition which might bo brought against him. Ho did not therefore think it wns right, that it was just, to go bock into the antecedents or this honorablo member. What tho Ministry hud done was, in spito of a cloud of prejudice, to put tho right mon in thc right position. (Cheers.) Then as to the courso which had been odoptcd In appointing Mr. Martin to be Attorney-General while he was not a member of thc Bar, ho was glad to see that this principle of exclusion had been broken down. No dsubt hero tho same course was required as had been required in Van Diemen's Land, and lt was notorious that tho man who hod been appointed, though not belonging to tho Bar, was of dissipated character, going about in an intoxicated state, and often, to show off his skill ns n pugilist. But he contended- that this country was not bound to have a body of men from whom they were bound to ohoose their officers. No doubt that body ot men might possess Its own respectability, but it was not to bo held sacred. (Cheers.) Now thc honorable and learned member (Mr. Manning) had strongly deprecated any such step as thc dissolution of tho present Assembly. He (Mr. Murray), however, believed that however inconvenient this step might appear, lt was the ono which mast bo resorted to before anyparliamtntary business cmüd be satisfactorily carried on. However it might appear fo fntcr fero with thc business of tho country, he hoped that no man would so far sacrifice his position in tho country ns to avoid thc appeal to the country, which after this discussion, if tho motion was carried, might be required. His opinion, and ho believed itwould to that of his colleagues, was that tho appeal to the country should at onco bo made, that thc power supposed to be vested in a cer- tain few should at onco nnd for over bo wrenched from their hands. And ho was convinced from his long experience in the country «mt tho great.bodv of thc peoplo would bo with the mimstryfn such a course. They wanted to infuse new blood, new energies commensurate with the requirements of tho country into tie le- gislature; and he doubted not, if a new election took pince, these elements would be found. Ho believed that tho country would not be deceived by the delusive form of Responsible Government It would not bo satisfied until it had tho substance. Whatever the result or the present division might be, he was confident that me opinion of thc country was in favour of the present ministry. From his own long cxpcrlcnco of. the feeling cj< toe country, he knew it to bo strongly In favour of tte course, which ho- and his colleagues had adopted. He did not believe at the late election, that tho consUtn. encies of the country were sufficiently; taprosseu importance of tbo question which they had to consider. Tn« did not know the great responsibility which would rest on the hands of the members they returned, and ho was sure now Mgr minds were awakened to a sense of their duty, they would, u m opportunity recurred to them, consult more -e*»2ffJW»..<5P* interests, and those of thc oommunitr: (Cheers.) With regard to another point which had been made much of, the WensM matter he might call it, of the display, which had been nude cf tbTea^finNrtotion, which Mr.Wrttobadr^ived.hewoali wy that though be considered it wa» by ne mean» relative to tut ?1 bitte, stiUi ns tho blackening of h s character in. tho shocking ¿av taWch'it hart been blackened, it was not difficult to find on «cuT for it. Thc hon. member for Cook and Westmoreland rrisbed to prove, that though ho was thus reproached with thc most disgraceful conduct, still at ovcry house, on every dav, thoso X were now his accusers met him on terms of friendly mu- rley Md ho knew that tl« hon. gentleman,. tho member for West Camden, who now supported this motion, hnd himself denied at Mr. Martin's bouse, Si his company to discuss n political question. He also know «int when that hon. member took his departure from Mr. Martin's houso ho expressed a hope that tho intimacy thus established be- tween them would bc renewed. After Mr. Martin had thus been admitted to a status in society, was it fair to endeavour to get hi- A | ont of olilce which ho lind attained to solely on tho account of '.jts ïrest nbilitv. bv personal imputations such as those which had oecn Sado against lum. (Cheers.) Ho know that these imputations could have no effect in injuring tho position of tho proocnt Attor nov-Gcnerol, and bo knew that tho purpose of mtrooV,ic|-.ig them, lintot damaging 'him, would fail, and instead of having tbnt effect »hey would bcheflt him amazingly. (Cheers.) A great deal had been also said with regard to himself, and bl? opinions on tho land question. Now, whatever difference of opinion might pre- vail ns to this question, ho bad at '.cast always had settled opinions on this question. Vor thirteen «? fourteen years ho had advocated tho opinions which he now htld in thc Legislature, and he could also say that in his advocacy of his opinions ho had been supported by tho highest talent which had over adorned that As- sembly. It might bo said hy the hon, member for Parramatta tbnt this Innd question waa with Mm a crotchet. But it was -a crotchet of long standing-a crritchct that bc had maintained from bis first entrance into tho Council, and .in which he had found tho best men of tho colony, those who possessed the confi- dants of tho gentlemen opposite had always joined. He. had worïcd with Mr. Lowe in earnestly endeavsuring tn set Uiis rfiiostlon on a right footing. He wished to sec everyman liavo hrs chum to become a proprietor of land ., brit, whatever inslnnn .filon might have, been rando elsewhere, bo was ono who would tnevcr Interfere, except on thc purest -principles of justice, in .contracts already entered into, nor nttemptto invalidate rights to ?which tho faith of the-Government was pleased. (Cheers.) Tho .object which he thouRht tho Innd-policy :or the country should tend to was to give to every man » fair opportunity of posscaiing land. He would-so -reduce thc price of html as to give to every man who wished it thc opportunity dr fcavlng a farm, and ho would make no distinction whatever on the apportionment Df tho land, ana ho would give it to every man according to his moans. Ho would mukc no distinction of classes: all might wish to possess lond, all ought to bo enabled to hold it, and tobey it if they lind tho means. And ho would also state that thc present seemed to him to bo a peculiarly favourable time for a liberal system of tho distribution of tho public hinds, for tho purpose or settlement and cultivation. It was most desirable that the lands or the colony should bo held .by men who would turn them to tho best ndvantigc-who would rettlo ' oh them with ? thc intention or carrying out the views which they had long held, birt which, perhaps, from their circum- stances, they were unablo.to cnTry out. And he considered, tho present was" a most favoimiblc time for such an experiment.' The termination ot tho European war wbiild bring about a stato of things which would induoo many of .those engaged in it to seek out spheres of enterprise in colonies like these. Such men wcro . the class they wanted. ' It would infuse new blood into thecolonv, of wliich it stood in great need. Tho colony, too, could not but ' ' bo . improved by tho ' Introduction, for tho purpose of settlement, of tho officers of tho Anny and Navy who had signalised themselves in the Into war. But ho would ask whether, in Tact, tho settlement or tho country, under tho present system, had gone on lu nn equal ratio with population. They found that the population bf thc country had doubled nt least, bc thought ho might say trebled, during tho Inst twenty or oven tho last fifteen years. In thc five years pre- ceding thc year 1830, the quantity of land sold wns overhnlfn . million of acres, a quantity of lamí greater than had been disposed of by the Government since that period. Since then, notwith- standing tho increase of population, tho quantity or land sold luid been only 380,000 acres. In tho year 1830 tho quantity or land sold was 380,000 acres ; and last year, In wlüch the largest quan- tity had been sold in thc period ho had mentioned, it amounted to 127,000 acres.' Therefore it was quite evident that the settlement or tho country did licit keep pace with ? the incicaso of tho population, or with thc general wealth and Importance of tho country. But . what did they find was taking pince nt the same time Î Thc coun- try was petting into debt.. Already lt owed the sum of £800,000, and if tho estimates for 1857 were carried out in that year the debt would be increased to £3,000,000, ami if things were to proceed in tho same ratio in tho year 1858, the debt would amount to £5,000,000. What, then, was the prevention of the salo of lands by means of an exclusive price, but a locking up tho means of thc country to pay off this debt ; and he believed that within the limits of tho nbietccn counties hinds might now bo thrown open for sale, which would realizo at least a million, or halt a million or money, which would, at all events, go a longway to relieve their present position. Tills was a subject of the greatest Importance; but bc had no confidence in tho courso which was to bc adopted by their pre- decessors. They mado no change in tho system; nothing wes proposed in their Bill which was not provided for at present Tho present Ministry, at all events, would try to effect an im- provement, nnd whatever might be said to tho controrj-, he be- lieved they would meet with considerable support. But what- ever thc policy of the Government might be, he, personally, would make no compromise as regarded his opinions. Ho entertained certain views with regard to the settlement of publio lands, tho system of taxation to bo adopted, and the reforms to bo effected in thc Constitution of tho country. On these great points, no matter with what ministry bo was connected, ho would adopt that course which he believed to be thc right one. With the largo experience of at least one member or thc Ministry, and thc liberal views of nil, he iolt assured that they would bo enabled to carry out something which would entitle them to the confidence of thc country ; and if they were to go out, he only wished that they might go out on some "of these important measures. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DARVALL : It' the hon. member desired his views to go forth to the public, he wished he would stato them. (Question.) Mr. MUIUIAY rcsunied : He had given notice of his intention to introduce a Bill to deal with one of theso questions, when tho present motion wns made, and he was thus deprived of the oppor- tunity of proceeding with it by those lum. gentlemen who were giving to thc Ministry what he would call a factious opposition. (Hear, hear.) But he saw a coming event-ho saw in thc distance a time when all old notions must in this country bo exploded, when the people would in reality, and not In name, bo tho gover- nors of tho country. Tho Ministers wished if they had thc oppor- tunity to identify themselves with nil these great questions ; all the Ministers wished this ; but they were deprived of the oppor- tunity by the course adopted on thc other side ; they had been . stopped in the commencement or their career. (Hear, hear.) His desire was, as an old colonist, ns one identified with thc colony, os one who was bringing up his family in the country, nnd intended lo cling to it-his dosiro was, ho said, to effect something like a revolution in tim ooiony-nnl. a revolution wblcli womit affect their nlleginnce to tho old country, their loyalty to tho Crown, or lead to any departuro from tho spirit of tho British Constitution, but n revolution which would effect a great change, not a specious one such as was proposed tobo effected by tho hon. members opposite. ' no (Mr. Murray) was glad to havo associated with bim in tho Government the hon. and learned Attorney . General ; because ho believed no man was better qualified to aid in carrying out thc great changes which were necessary than was that hon. and learned gentleman ; no ono took a moro stotcs manlikc view of the great questions nffcoting thc welfare of tho country. He was not singular in entertaining this opinion of the hon. and learned member. When Mr. Wentworth was leaving thc country, he (Mr. Murray) spoke to him as to who was likely to take his place in tho counsels ol tho country, and the reply or that gentleman, who waa tho Idol ol lils party, was that Mr. Martin was thc only man who wnsiikoly to occupy in public lifo thc position which ho (Mr. Wentworth) had hitherto occupied. He who was tho idol of thc party on thc other side of the House boro this testimony in favour or Mr. Martin ; and bc (Mr. Murray) concurred in the opinion. Whatever might be tho faults of the hon. and learned member at thc present time, he would say that, when the Hays, the Mannings, tho Macarthurs, tho Mocloays, and, to show that he meant no disrespect, tho Murrays, wore forgotten, tho name of Mr, Martin would bo remembered and revered throughout the en'«"»- (oi.ccis una ironical cheers.) Mr. M*CAI,'rnuil SI"u it lind not been his intention to have uauresscd the nouse, at all events at that period, if nt nil ; but after the very pointed way in which he lind been alluded to by his hon. friend who spoke last, tho Minister for tho Crown Lands and Tubbo Works, he felt that it would be better to address a few observations to the Houso nt the present time. A good deal had been said in thc courso of this discussion by more than ono speaker about what was called tho extraordin- ary mode of proceeding adopted ont of doors by n certain portion \- of the members of that House. Tho expression used, he believed, was that a conspiracy, he was not sure that it had been called a plot, had been formed, and that a " convention" had met. (Hear, near.) Now he was really not aware how tho parliamentary business of nny country could be conducted without some meet- ings taking pince among those portions of tho House -no matter of which branch of tho Legislature-who wore supposed to have como to an agreement how thc publio business, or any other business, was to be conducted. Whether the prnctico wcro a good one or not, ¡twas certain that it'was'not far-fetched, . for it was tho practice of the House of Commons, nnd, ho believed, of tho House of Lords. (Hear, hear.) Ho know that a meeting had recently been held in England tit thc houso of Lord Derby, and later still a meeting of members was held at thc houso of Lord Palmerston, in. refcrenco to tho full, of Kars. (Hear, hear.) Then it would bo recollected that such meetings were not unknown oven in this colony, for tho celebrated library meeting, at which Mr. Wentworth at- tended, would be in tho recollection of nearly all. So much for those meetings generally. Then as to the meeting nt Kellet House, bc knew nothing ot tho first meeting, which consisted, lie believed, of members on thc cross-benches, except that niter thc adjournment of tho House he met in tho street a group of gen- tlemen, some seven or nine in number, and including several members of tho party opposite among tho rest ono of the mem- bers for Cook nnd Westmoreland, whom he saw in his place. But it wns not necessary io mention names; very nnturally all fell into conversation m reference to the topic which lt was evident was engrossing tho minda of tho others. Ono ot tho gentleman addressed him in what appeared to him to bc extraordinary language, remarking, "Of courso it makes no difference to your position ; you ure a member of the Executive, and of thc late Ministry still." Now. thiB brought him to an observation which had fallen from the honorable tho present Premier, but not in this debate, which he hoped he would bo ollowcd tu refer to. Tho hon. member ¡Mr. Cowper) had stated that the only pointon which he hud tbougiitlt necessary to make ti' reservation with the Governor-General was, that none of the mem- bers of the late cabinet should bc summoned to the JjXcculivo during tho existence of tho present. 3*ow he really could not concclvo why the present Tremicr should ¡have thought it necessary to mako such a stipulation at nil, be ?eausO, hud that hon. member been ns cognisant of Purliamentary 'Uttjeas he had given him credit for being, he would havo known .tlW. members of the Executive Council never could attend a meet- ing ,of that Council unless summoned to it by tho Governor General, who would certainly jaevcr have thought of summoning tnoioci-ho were not members of ibo Cabinet : unless perhaps In a easo.pf emergency, when it iniBUtbe the wish of his Ministers that' glthc acmbersof tho Privy Council should assemble together, «edidowt know whether the remark of tho hon. mcrabór applied iWWUytohiin, but, holding no ofljfe.hc had not felt himself t «wa upos. to send In any scparato resignation to the Govojnor GtWalwhuihiscollcngucsthrew up their offices, buthejwd written e brief note to his Excellency in the ordinary terms,- informing him -that be withdiW from Hie Council, and thanking bis Excellency for tb# uniform" courtesy with which he had been treated during tho timo he had K*n a member of the Cabinet. 116 tad kept no copy of that note, tor it was a private document but Ids hon. colleagues could no do ubt beor bim out in this. Ile had conceived this to bc the simplest way of solving that which appeared to bon. members opposite to bo'o dWeulty. Tho subject wa« one upon which there, had been scvcrn'l conversations, not merely by him, but by his colleagues also, hud not one of them hnd ever dreamt of being summoned to a m^etiaf of tho Executive Council ofter the forma, tim of anew MiiuVtry had once been announced. ' Ho would now, JJter_ these few preliminary remarks, come to tho subject matter or discussion. For tJ»t resolution thc hon. member had told the Housoithat he aJone was\ responsible, that he had originated it, jnd that every rcsponslNlitr connected with it remained with T! now, notwithstanding this assurance so clearly gwea by . the honorable* member, it had been reiterated over and over again b,' moro than one hon. member, ana especially by thc hon. member- who spoke last, that this rcso muon was tho result of a convention : nnd that lt was a consol. racy aimtn.t IWnu <« «m.A »»_. !.(.. B* .K.M. 4k-. L - u,-T8?." casquite correct that he had attended at the first meet- ing at Kellett House, yet, during the time that he was there, tad S!.», îî'Jî* .could not answer tor what had taken place after: he «JM left, hi» impression from what went on Wita/tfcat thej-had £-"5e£e «s members of that Honse to determine «wm what ««.sji^uld be adopted by Us side of the House si t*s*pprc»ch ,,1^T*T» ci tho Council. He had not been aware of any rcso 'iiHion bavj-g been drawn up, and baa seen the resolution then under discussion orù'j within tho «ails of that House.; In effcot, if he had had his own way, tho motion before tho Houso would >,a\a nssumeil ii very different form. It would havo been in tlvogo words ¡ . and now ho would read to them a resolution wb',oh ho had prepared and taken with him to that meeting, aw\ which ho lind shown there to every ono of his poli- tical frieD'aa who had been accustomed to actwlth him, and w-ho were nny so raleely charged with this attack. That .resolution was tU ono that ho and his friends would have preferred, and wVt'.i that tho present Attorney-General had nothing | whatever to do except ns a member or th* Ministry. That resolution had been as follows :-" Hint tue Ministry, us now constituted, does not possess tho Confi- dence of tho House, and that Its continuance In office is consequently ot variance with thc constitution, and calcu- lated to bo injurious to . tho publio welfare" Buch was tho resolution as it would have been had it como from hts friends. It did not, however, como from tho late Ministry at «ll. But he would ask did it follow that because thero was a. member of tho Ministry whose conduct was open to bc im pug-.icd, and because an hon. member in moving a resolution chuso toongie out this member as the special weak point ot tho Ministry ho was attacking, and chose tn allude to a specially weak r,oint in the history of that member, did lt follow that his doing so should bo denounced ns a dastardly and cowardly attack ? Ho would answer, no. If the person so assaulted, kid been his own friend, his own brother, and sitting there as an individual member ofthntUousc.nsthe Grund Jury or tho country, ho would have dotio his duty to lils country, and would have set aside all private considerations. Thc part of a true friend to the hon. member for Cook and Westmoreland, would havo been to have counselled him to avoid taking tho false position he hud doue, a position that was ?certain to bring about him thc storm that they now saw falling. As this hud not been do«, and as tho caso now stood, the hon. member ut thc head of thc Government was much more nnswer able for what had followed than was tho mover of tho resolution. It was on thc records of tho Houso that tho hon. inomb;r lind con- ducted himself in the manner ho had done, and which tho hon. Tromler had himself Boid w»s irregular. Then ns to tho qualifica- tion, many hon. Members have come forward to mystify tho mat- ter, and the hon. Attorney-Gcnpral had mentioned tho case of Sir Lytton Bulwer. But, could that hon. and learned Member say for an instant that thero was any analogy between bis case and that of Sir Lytton Bulwer. So far from there being any analogy, they were as different as possible. Let them ask for a moment what was tho nature of tho borrowed qualification in England. It was this, that supposing any man of talent there, not to possess a qunlillcntion required for n member, a gentleman desirous of giving to tho country tho advantngo of tho other's talent, presented him with a qualification, nnd this wns done in so sure and in so strictly a legal way, that should tho person thus presented with tho qualification die beforo he bad an opportunity of rcconvcying it, nothing could set aside the gift. It was a legal and equitable transfer from the original owner to the person presented, of all thc proprietary right« ? attached to the property, and would hold good in law against thc world. Was that the case with thc present Attorney-General 1 He was not desirous of l ipping up theso old sores ; and ho would ask who were the parties most responsible for tho matter being brought forward now? Was it ho and his colleaguesÍ It could not bc, for they had no hand in tho matter, except that they, ns members of thc House, rose to spook and vote on tho question. Mr. Wentworth himself, thc hon. member's stanchest ' friend, had had some doubts about the matter, and lind asked his (Mr. M'A's) opinion on it, and what was the difference between that and tho English qualification. Ho bad explained thc difference to that gentleman, because ho had believed that in tho outset that gentleman bad beer deceived, but afterwards entering into tho subject ho had goiie on to defend this side of thc question, with all tho professional tad for which be was so celebrated. Many hon. members of tho House saw as ho had done, that tho question of law was against tin House, and that Mr. Martin would obtain n verdict against them ; but their argument was, that tho offence had been a moral one. and that In that House at least they would not bo beaten on lt but would break through all tholcgal quibbles and trammels of tb« law that were placed around them. This brought him to thi statement modo by tho hon. Commissioner for Publie Lands ant Works, as to his having been thc bearer of . ni Imitation lo dinner from Mr. Martin to him. Now thc very re verso was thc case, and it was this : there was some partícula] question upon which the hon. member for tho Southern Boroughs tho hon. member for Cook and Westmoreland, and hlmsel thought alike ; ho forgot at the moment what it was, but it liai been under discussion between them, ho believed in tho library o that House, and tho hon member for the Southern Boroughs sah to him when lt was getting late in tho day, " Well, I should like ti have this discussion out, and as I am going to dino with Martin, will take voil with mc. I am sure you will bc welcome withou .on invitation, and wc can then finish our conversation." Thu had boen thc way In which ho had gone to the house of thc hon member for Cook and Westmoreland. Ho would not deny that h was on good terms with tbnt hon. member, mid that sometime ag ho might possibly have contributed to thoso cards which he hm been informed had been thrown across tho tablo of thc House wit so much melo-dromntic effects- whether with forensic sklll'to rank a display, or whether to.show a dignified and manly contempt c thc ladles from whose hands they had been received, ho could no say ; but ho would tell tho hon. member this, that by that ono ne he had himself taken thc initiative in that lino of conduct whic should mark tho future relationship between that hon. mcnibc and himself. In public life, and as a member of that House, h trusted thnt thc hon, member would never experience nny wan of courtesy or want of respect to him as a publii man at lils hands. Never had it hitherto been impute to him that he had so far forgot himself as to act to the contrary They could not forget, in looking nt the qualification fon tho Al tornoy-Generalship, to recognise tho features of his past carear for tliis appointment tho Colonial Secretary had first to answci and thc hon. gentieman himself next ; the step. was unconstltu tional and unprofessional j ho did not say, nor had it boen sail that it was illegal, but it was contrary to Parlinmcntary usagc.nn practice, and by tills means he had exposed himself to attaci When a gentleman sprung to tho highest pinnacle of the profes. sion, nnd placed himself nt tho head of it, ho could not complaii of being the party assailed; he commenced the assault ho mad tho attack on constitutional usage and custom, and they wot taking tho part of its defenders. If thc hon. gentleman had bee content to tako tho ordinary course, if ho had been satisfied t have appeared in Conrt ns a barrister, he (Mr. Macarthur) ha litttle -doubt had ho been content to go on in this th ordinary courso in the profession, for a ¡ fe yours, ho would then have had o better chance of bein m a position to hold thc high position ho now claimed withot disturbing tho quiet of tho country, nnd with causing this unrii cessary and lengthy debate, no could not help saying that trut had not lind sufficient weight with the hon. member,-let hil make truth his guide, let him almost worship it let him study I have it said of him as it was said of Sir llobort Peel, thut'")i worshipped truth almost more than auythlng oise. lt was said that the Attorney-General's aspiratloi wcro of n very high character. He (Mr. Macarthui regretted much that they were surrounded by so much' of a onrroiy enameler, no hau, .wiwu uumiui».. .rt« .~~ut.. . tho City Commissioners' Department, the temerity- to' borrow phrase from tho Attorney-General, by which mandato ho stoppe thc public works. Mr. COWPER explained that it was tho City Commissioner mistake, Mr. Martin gave no order. Mr. MACARTHUR : It was then tho general opinion out doors that tho chairman of that committee did nssun tho executive functions. A Chairman of tho' Conunitti neted as tho prosecutor of the Commissioners, coi demoing them altogether, - finding them guilt whether or not, on tho very imperfect evidence, without tl benefit of a fair and open trial. It was on these grounds 1 objected to thc hon. member before-lt was on these grounds 1 objected to him now ; and until ho altered lils Impression, he st must continuo to do so. He would say no more on this subjee but would come to thc hon. Minister for Public Works. Ho d not, however, wish to speak of him in his absence ; and ns 1 understood ho - would return shortly, he would alindo . bini in the latter partof bis speech. He would go to tho rcasoi which induced him to doubt thc capacity of thc present Minist to carry on tho Government of tho country j ho was really a ton ¡shed that the hon members who complained that they car Into office unconstitutionally and without the concurrence of th Houso should have dono the samo thing themselves. (Oil, o from tho Ministerial Benches.) The proper constitutional cour of tho bon. member at tho hoad ol' t Treasury Beaches was on tho Tuesday instead. vaulting . into office to havo come down and said that 1 hud partially succeeded in forming a Ministry, and was like to able to complete it in a day or two, nnd'.to have asked for time : : for ono would have been most happy to havo allowed tho tit they required, he would have bcon tho last mun to refuse lt. - Mr. F. T. RUSDEN : Then you would bnve walked in again. Mr. MACARTHUR really thought such.exprossions' highly u parliamentary. Ile made a statement; tho gentleman oppos: Bald no, no, and so denied that his statement was-true. . Mr. ROBERTSON denied that tho hon. member said'any thli of the kind. ' , Mr. DONALDSON : Thc hon. member said that they wot have walked into ofilco again; such a courso waa impropi irregular, and unparliamentary. . ( . ><..,, , > ; Mr. MACARTHUR: If theso things, were to bo .tolcrati where was to be the limit. They were not to'bo dictated to': any hon. gentlemen. ":'.:"; Mr. ARNOLD rose to order : Ho wished to' know if'this sort thing : Mr. DARVALL rose to order : Ho desired to know to wi point of order tho hon. member rose. ? ; '; : ! Mr. WEEKES: It was tho duty of any honorai . member rising to order to stato tho point he roso to call f attention to, and not for any hon. member to Interrupt him to » what it was. Mr. ARNOLD called thc hon. member to order for stating could not bc dictated to ; it was not the desire of any gentleman dictate to him, but what could bo tho objcot of desiring f Colonial Secretory to comoUSick on the Tuesday. . .., . Mr. MANNING objected to tho hon. gentleman "m'nklhg a spee on the question when he roso to order. Mr. F. T. RUSDFN explained that he said "then you woi walk back to office again." Mr. MACARTHUR : Tho expression was not applicable to hi It might have been more soto the members who sat near him, n with whom ho was intimately accoclated. But it Was clea shown that they did not desire to walk into ofilco again, tl having recommended that if Mr. Cowper failed in forming n J nistry, that thc honorable memher for Argjlo should dc Bent f HMI tho honorable gentleman taken that course ho believed might have formed a Ministry very differently composed fri thc present. And if the honorable gentleman had done so would not have opposed thc Ministry, unless, Indeed, they 1 brought forward such measures as would justify him In the t charge of his duties as a public man to do so. Similar views 1 been expressed hy those who nctcd.with him, and it'waa agr< upon, that if a Ministry was well composed tl would not withhold from it their support if. their mcasu were well conceived. Instead of that, what did thc hon. merni do I he took office In the face of a statement which bad been in: to him by hon. members of that nouse,. that there was a lui majority of the members averse to thc formation of anew Minist and that in tho event of such a Ministry hoing formed, they wo oppose lt. It was nbsurd to say that a Ministry could bo cointi tmnully formed under such circumstances, or that it could hi to retain office against tho unmistakeable wish Cf a loi majority of that House. It was a doctrine that had been a tended for »nd supported by some hon. members, that, consti tionally, the right to appoint a Ministry was vested in tho Hon It was said by some that thc Houso had the appointment or ci stitutional right to appoint a Ministry. He would onoto t quotations that had been used by Sir Robert Peel, in 1841 fr specobes of Mr. Fox and-Mr. Pitt, which bore upon t question. That »as a doctrine ho opposed, and took exception «ir Robert FeoL ju 18«, used thc following quotations :-" srished to conceal nothing. He had a suspicion that Mr. Pitt 1 a» opinion that the Crown might appoint a Minister, and pen in «apporting him, «ho had not the confidence of thc House Commons. He wished the suspicion might be ill-founded, but dreaded it to bc' true," Those wero the words of 2 Fox. Mr. Pitt's opinion waB to this effect:-" would, however, admit that the confidence of' the Ho of Commons was neewary to an adminfstration, i bc would bo the last- mon to oppose 'that doctrin There was nothing more tacosdstont, or bore a moro misero contrast With those great statcsasca's views of constitutional ( vernment than tho opinions'' excessed by honorable mern' opposite in the course of that ifctmtc. Nothing could bc mi contemptible than thc result which «ch a comparison ? exhibit Tho Indian Bill proceedings had been quoted by members oppos: but the deductions tiken from the proceedings on that quest had been erroneously applied. Had thc India Bill been carr lt would Jiave proved a enrse to tho country, «pd have jcopardii we best rights and noblest privileges ot thc people of Englai '"¿¿'í0T* "here-.been an assumption - of -tho por Jbteïiwss vested in the Executive, nnd would, If nllowed to i?*M**uT0!a 'th° .Executive, have placed nnbounu^d nov toawtionalnart of the people. It would bnve throw? pla SeTSi,"1* into the hands of n few ot the aristoeipe ««mt»L8 "SIS?* . ."S* »cul.cli in fact, have destroyed ?: that «£ £¡í£2T 01 VF-?S* Ptb TCS*D to that Bill Bho« BW. neatest human Intellect« were liable to bc misled a Minded by Mnbitton. History bad einco set the* of tho -world'?. condemnation, upon that mensuro, and ntl?PoUtloaV and hlstoric-li writers from that timo to the present udmitteil wat it was a gr eat mistake. Tho hon. member nt, tho hoad of the | Qovcrntr.cnt, before he could form a Ministry, lind to hunt up nnu down f-or an Attorney- General ; his offers having boen declined on nil sKics, he applied in a quarter where ho knew ho would not fail, ? -a-nd in a few hours after tho appointment oí an Attorney-General ho formed his ministry. Dal tho .honorable member for thc Sydney Hamlets, ho wmi d ask, think or forming a Ministry in a few hours. ^o.-'h°wo'W «ot, nor-would he attempt anything contrary to constitutional usage. Ho maintained that any man who would tako a post in. the Ministry In dcllancc or the wishes or a majority of tho representa- tives of the people, would be guilty of a mischief that never could, perhaps, ho repaired. Tho extract ho would now read was from thoSch of Sir William Follett:-» I venture to suggest, also, that nw struggle maintained, under any circumstances, bj a Minister ngainst a majority ot thc House orfJommons, cannot con- tinue long, without endangering tho power and prerogative or tuc Crown." What was thc opinion of that able man upon this subject. The honorable member for the Southern Boroughs had complained of having charged him (Mr. Murray) with being n republican, and of changing thc country into a republic ; hut ho had never occusedthe honorable momher of being any such thing ; be cer- tainly made allusion to an opinion that had been expressed by that honorable member, which was to tho effect that tho ap- pointment of a Ministry was vested iu thc Houso and not with the Executive. In alluding to that ho sold, that If such a doctrine as that was carried out they would be turning tho Government ot the country into n republic, and tho Houso into a convention. That was all he had said with reference to the houoroblc.member on that subject. He know nothing or tho hon. gentleman's pn vato character, and he was sorry to say ho could not Rive him credit tor much amiability in lils public character In this House. Ho respected tho hon. gentleman, but felt sorry that ho should soiucünics allow Iiis temper to get tho hotter of Ins judgment. Ho lind charged him (Mr. .Macarthur) with, imputing to ¡HUI (Mr. Murray) that which he never did impute to him, although ho ex- plained to him that ho did not do so. He (Mr. Murray) nlsr placed the honorable member for Argyle last night in-tho vor} painful position ofsnylng.be was ready to swear that his view o: the case was a correct ono. Ko doubt, honorable men, who re- spected the truth, would take opposite views of questions of fact [Mr. Murray entered the House.] Ho (Mr. Macarthur) asket thc hon. gentleman ll tho report ho held In bia hand or tho hon member's speech at Goulburn was correct, in reference to th " establishment of a republic," &c.; After a few words from Mr. MURRAY, Mr. MACARTHUR continued : Ho could only repeat what h had said already, ne had nothing to retract, because he had mad no such charge as the ono complained of. What ho said was this ho did not know whether lt waa from any imperfection in h¡ voice, or from any constitutional imperfection on the part of lu hon. friend, but his observations were certainly assented to, whei ho said "tho opinion put forth by tho hon. gentleman as'hi view of Constitutional law with reference to this countrj-, woul lead to a republicanism-, so wild ns I never heard of in thc wildes dreams of republicanism. I can scarcely iraagin thc honorable gentleman saw tho consequence to which Iiis doctrines would lead him ; for of every republic c which I have over read there has been a president, but his (Mr Murray's) republic would be without a president at all, unless yoi sir (tho hon. Speaker) wcro to become its president." Ho wt positive that was what he had said. Thc hon. Speaker bad ai knowlcdged, when ho (Mr. Macarthur) entered Into an explane tion-that lt was correct. But more than that, he had lt lipon tl authority of most respectable gentlemen who were sitting undei neath tho gallery at tho tho timo-members ot tho Bar-inembei or tho learned professsons, who heard wbut pa'scd from him c both occasions, and who had expressed their astonishment at tb manner in which he (Mr. Macarthur) had been assailed. Mr. MURRAY said if ho did misunderstand tho hon. gcntlem: on the occasion to which ho had alluded, bo most deeply regrett« it. It caused him much regret to be obliged, ns he thought to son extent at all events in self defence-to speak or tho hon. merah in tho manner he did. Ho was not present when tho honorab gentleman addressed tho House, but he had , been i formed that ho had said in his absence that ." he could n iiccount lor thc opinions ho (Mr. Murray) expressed, unless 1 wished to establish a Republic, and aspired himself ta bo tl President." Ile referred to tho report, ho believed, of tl M/rfiicV Morning Herald at the time, and ho believed he li: quoted tho very language ascribed to the hon. member. Tl explanation, howover. was satisfactory to him, and bo express his deep regret that ho should havo said anything ot a paint nature in reference to the hon. member. Mr. MACARTHUR said it was a source of great satisfaction him when acrimonious matters could bo dono away wit He would not weary the House, but ho thoug he could convince the hon. members (In another pince) that he vt equally mistaken in reference to lu's remarks concerning t Attoriioy-Gcncral. He would put lt to tho honorable merni whether, having found himself wrong in ono question, hcmlp not bo equally mistaken in tho other. The hon. gentlcinnn th referred to thc general subject before tho House. An nttcmpt li been made-thc question a personal one-directed against c individual. It was not so viewed, however, by him (Mr. Mi arthur), and he was quito sure that was not the view talton of 1 question now before tho Houso by many otl honorable mcmbcrH. They, on tho contrary, lool upon thc vote as ono of reprehension-as a vote of want of coi dorice tn thc hon. gentleman opposite. (A voice froni tho Gove] mont benches: "And tho Governor-General too.") .? No; the p. lils Excellency had taken had boen perfectly constitutional. (Ci of " hoar, hear.") But ho did maintain that the part of the In gentleman opposite had been most unconstitutional and oppoi to all Parliamentary authority. (Hear, hear.) Tho hon. geni man opposite had referred to tho opinions of Mr. Dui Ho (Mr. Macarthur), had a letter in his pocket which had bi put into his hands Dy Mr. Gavan Duffy, from which he wo: make a short quotation. He hod not the pleasure of Mr. Dufi acquaintance. Ho would not read thc whole of thc letter, boca part oflt was moro complimentary Utan ho thought it would becoming of him to read to the House. Tho hon. gentleman tl read tho following passage : " Thc practice and doctrincyou ta contending, for undeniably provail nt present in England, and hi prevailed since debates in Parliament, have b"c'cn,-ropijrtedt th we may be content to rcrt." This was in allusion to a que rion going, back to tho timo of Henry- the .Font Ho took lt that if a majority of tho House withheld it« confuten from tho present Ministry, they could not constitutionally ci thine to retain office, (Hear, hear, from thc Ministerial bonclu ' So far then as thc policy' of hon. gentlemen could be gallic from thçlr speeches on tho hustings, he thought lt was pro .certain they could not obtnin that confidence which they n sought. (Hear.) With regard to thc price of land, whioh may considered ono of tho most Important questions with which House had to deni, tho views of the Ministry were cxtrerc unsatisfnetory. It would appear from their plectioncît speeches, that two or three ont of the four were for a rcductioi tho minimum price of land to 5s. per acre, and according to (Tera'.d'n report, the hon. member for tho Southern Borou ; oven went HO far as to say, that ho would be prepared to red thi; price tr, Knninthinit below 5s. But when attacked fur ttl opinions in ..the-Ilouse, tne. suuiu.-nm.,^u oentlei managed to get out of-tho difficulty by alleging that these vi only their individual or fractional opinion«. Taking theso vi in conjunction with thc protectionist's policy shadowed forth tho proposed now tariff-comparing thu vulgar fractions with proposed cubic measurement ; what, ho would n?k, could they poet from n Ministry entertaining such peculiar and ultra not! Ho was an agriculturist himself and had ns deep an Intcrcsl any ono in that branch or Industry; but in a country ' this which was unable as yet to furnish grain sufficient for wants of its population; bc saw no ndvantngo whatever t gained by n tax on;bread stuffs. (Hear, hear.) Hc;hclioved i agriculture would eventually flourish in this country, withouf aid ol Protectionist duties, and as a proof of this, ho was happ say, that tho . wheats of this colony were declared ut Paris Exhibition to bc on a par with thoso any other country. He might, moreover, claim credit of representing that constituency which was insti ume in placing the colony tn such a favourable position. The pei who received thc first prize for tho best specimen or Now Si Wales wheat was a yeoman farmer of West Camdon, and ho in hopes tliat in the courso of a few years this sample would pi to be only an average sample of what tho colony could prod Ho regretted that the hon. member for Cook Westmoreland should have thought It necessary to absent bin during nearly the whole of thia discussion, but he took the ai another feature in the melodrama which was to terminate ir execution of tho threat which tho hon. and loamed gentleman held out to nll.those who should vote against him. " This migh thc beginning of what tho hon. and learned gentleman had dieted, namely, the uso of tho bowie-knifo and revolver.' (Il . hear.) Ho (Mr. Macarthur) was not a very bold man, hut stil had no hesitation in voling for the motion. (Hear, hear.) \- -Mr.-PARKES thought, os the debate had gone so far, it oi to be concluded that night, and he would therefore submit to t nt once tho few observations he lind to make. Ho regretted these Ministerial squabbles had taken place, but he believed f .ns in England, they would eventually do gopd, if it were on defining - and developing more clearly the fixed princ ' cf Responsible Government and Parliamentary ac Boforo he proceeded to advert to the question before tho Hi he,felt bound, in justice to himself, to,mate sonic allusion to , fors,which' had been introduced into tho debato.Jwhtch were ? sonal to" himself. He trusted that as much personal matter been introduced into tho discussion ho should bc allowed In plaining manners connected with himsplf, the same Indulj which had been accorded to other members. (Hear, hear.) certainly was surprised to hear his hame introduced into tin bate in connection with the Empire newspaper. Ho wes not a that he.had ever done any thing" in that House which was i coming, or in which he had obtruded his private capacity tho House, in any way. Ho thought, indeed, he had been all to by an hon. member, who, from the position he ¡lately should have been tho last to do so, in terms of unbounded . pertinence. . _ Mr. DONALDSON wished to ask whether tho languagi used by tho hon. member for Sydney was Fnrltaniont-iry or n The SPEAKER having decided that tho words wcro not P. mentnry, Mr. Parkes was proceeding to address tho H when ho was again called to order, on tho ground that a i ber having been corrected by tho Speaker for using unp mcntarylanguage, was bound to apologise for such language. Mr. BVRKES begged tn withdraw thc terms he had used, ho had been addressed in thc Houso by a designation Wbl thought was most improper. But ho thought that ho hon. i ber holding a sent in that houso could have anv design which, in that House nt least, had not ought to*,bo cons! respectable. Thc hon. member for the Sydney namlets had reference to whnt he (Mr.Furkcs) lind stated "out or doors, tl (Mr. Parkes)-knew his Excellency would not again send"fi hon. member to Torin a Ministry. He should nsk the Ho allow him to rend the passage af o speech whicl ma-Jo on thc hustings., In tho opinion he then gave ho from his convictions, arising out of facts with which he wt qiinintcd. He had surely a right to express his opinion on s subject, (-l'ho hon. member here qnoted thc extract to the that thc hon. member far thc Sydney Hamlets had mode use vast amount of back door influence to secure his recall. Tl reality ho never intended to resign, and that when his Exec had to send for another MiniBter, ho had reason to think he look further afield.) These were tho wolds attributed to hi tho hon. member, and ho admitted having used them, were founded on facts which had como to his' knowledge, a which bc had thc right to judge as ho liked.' Tho next c mado against him was that ho had given his opinion pretty as to tho deficiencies of the late Ministry. But if he enter that opinion of them, he had not only a right, but it was his to express it. He had said at a publio mectingthat'thc late i try was composed of money brokers and land jobbers who hui own objects to obtain, and he further told tho meeting th ministry resigned because one or two of their member! obnoxious to tho resj. This was what he and . he was not disposed to retract thoso obscrv now. He had been told facts which induced li i make these remarks, and though he mighthavo beenmisinfo 1 he thought ho could collect sufficient from what had fallen present debate to justify him in tho assertions hi «»dc. He wouH now with tho permission of tho Hou ? mt pr two words in respect to thc Empt'e newspaper. He appeal to the House whether, in tho performance of his du n. maaber.of that House, ho had not studiously avoided nni tlfiestfe» of himself with that paper. He believed it wo' admitted that ho had been' successful ta his attempt to d amine most say that he ought to, have gathered tne rcs members far his conduct in this particular, that he ought havo been tempted into Irritation, which bo . easily excited in this respect. ? Ho did not these remark» »Uh any views of undervaluing tho posit ho d in connsctJo« with, tho public Press. On tho contra considered that cowectlon to invest him with a far highci tion than any seat in that House could give. Nor was he t to lose even In thnt House thc credit which ho believed he deserved ,for his connection with tho Press. Ho i to this - connection now, once and ' for to hayo done wit)», it, end be hoped no a would.be made to it hereafter, but he thought lt well to sta matter fully and freely.wben hedías »poken of by thehor mcmbcr for the Sydney Hamlets. As Mr, Parkes, of the ¡ newspaper, he could say hs ,it least was not ashamed of bl atpuon with that peper. He would not surrender this mos . to hie. fame, and which ho should , leave ^hlnd . hua for nil . tho- great »wi- ' patriotic. acts ^ able member had ever achieved. Hp -would ¡ also make a passing allusion to tho assertion which had been pre- viously made, that tho ÄHpiro. was tho ot^ot ow^t^L "nartv Now.ho denied this in toto; ho dented it not on tue ground otTAt but because be believed that no journalln this Solony.ofnnyimportar.ee, could be thc organ of a arty No journal could afford to do so. If any paper should descend to bo the organ of a party, he was sure that it wouUlbefoundtooperaterumouslyoniteoiyn Ho would offer ono or two observations of a person.I charneta.. He confessed that he had had somothing to do with the négocia- tion which had taken place since thc intT^'10"^08??"^ Government; but strictly as a member of tho ^omo. Ila had been asked for his advice, but that he bad any tongiogain from the lalo Ministry, from tho present, or thef i««lcomj|JB. J" denied. Perhaps ho was tho only member of that House who had rot been in any of tho public offices since tho inaugm-ation of Responsible Government, and when a certain amount of influence which was* tho right of every ^heror that nouse was offered to him, ho declined to avail himself of tho offer. His highest ambition was to be, m thc most dtgniflcd sense of tho torin, a represéntame of thc neoiilc. (Hear, hear.) Ho would now proceed, to tho question Be tho House; nnd he presumed that question could not bc well wnsidcrod or disposed , of satisfactorily without go ng into the hE^ M WcU "3-i present. y Ho would, then, as briefly ns possible r^ccaPitulato tho history of thoso Governments. Ile had no hesitation in saying his personal fee ings led Wm to support- the lato Ministry, He would appeal tcThe hon. Member who had lately been at tho head of tho Go- vernment, whether ho had not always evinced a cordial feel! lg SSI and whether ho (Mr. Donaldson) did not owe to him a ronslderab c sliaroof his political repntatlon. Hf would¡only allude to one instance. When the hon. member (Mr. Donaldson) left tho colony, an address was presented to lum. This nddrcss the hon. m»nTer when ne returned to thc colony, and when he was a candidate for the Sydney Hamlets, he carried to thc hustings, nnd told the hon. member be valued more, than .,ny other dubnetaon which ho had acquired in thc colony ir°nr',,hTytf Donaldson.) Now, that address was bitten by linn Mr. Pnikes) nnd ho would nppcilto several hon. members around him whether St address would ever have been got up hut for lum. Hear, hear 1 He (Mr. Pnrkcs) Bat with the hon. member during tho last session, ann divided with him on every division ; hut when he saw tho honorable member uniting himself with thoso he had always acted against, and not consulting his former political friends, then MB suspicions were raised, lie thought it was permissible to go into an analysis of tho materiel of thc late Ministry; and ho would stato that when he (Mr. Parkes) saw thc impossibilities which were collected under that Ministry, he arrived at tho conclusion that the sooner they wore, cot rid bf tho better. From thc first he had expressed his belief that tho Ministry would" not work well for the country. If the honorablo member for West Camden and tho honor- able. . member . for Murrumbidgee had ruled openly, ns they did in reality, he could have had |no objection, provided their principles were acceptable to tho country. He saw no reason why those hon. members should not embody their view; in a Ministry, for he believed it was desired to form n Govern- ment to keep political influence in tho hands of those old fulmines who had had most influence in the country, since tho colonj emerged from tho position of a penal settlement. Thoso whe wished to havo this order of things prevail, selectee the hon. member for tho Sydney Hamlet: ns thc man who was best qualified to carry their views into tin Government, and at the same time conciliate the largest possible amount of popular support. It had become a mattet of histor; that tho hon. member for West Camden had a greater part li forming tho first Ministry than tho hon. member for tho Sydnei Hamlets. Then, again, ho became associated with tho hon member the late Attorney-General, for whom, if he were per nutted to say it, ho entertained thc highest respect, as ono who wa possessed of high ability, and of considerable merit in other re Bpccts- but that hon. . and learned mombo it would bc remembered, carno In with ? i statement that he could not join those with whoa ho had been so long antagonistic. Then ngaiu there was n stil greater dissimilarity in the hon. and learned member tor th North Hiding,' and the hon. member for tho Northumborlani Boroughs ; taken altogether, he thought there was greater incon guilty in tho old Ministry than in tho present ("Hear, hear," and "No, no.") He though moro especially that thc Opposition had no groum to twit thc hon. member at thc head of the present Govcrninen with his selection of a finance minister, when it was rccollccte that the hon. member opposite (Mr. Donaldson) had committo thc greatest mistakes in this respect. The hon. member who hm been placed in the position of Finance Minister went to bis home nt a distance of ono hundred and forty miles, as soon ns ho obtnlnei a release from office, and had not since returned to thc metropolis and he believed that gentleman would not return to thc city [A MKJtnr.n : » Let this resolution bo carried, and that would b seen."] Then again the hon. member had committed the error c putting tho Finance Minister in tho Upper Hyuse-a branch o thc Legislature which, according to the Constitution, was altogc thor disqualified from intcrfcringinfinancialmatters. (Hear, hear. Then the next selection made, and he said it with all respec to thc hon. member for tho Stanley Boroughs, was that of a peí son totally unknown to political lifo, and with no qualiflcntio: whatever for thc office into which he had been put : for no mor lamentable mistake could bc made than that of thinking that ino: accustomed to a mercantile lifo were fitted to be put nt the hend c tho financial affairs of a country. He would appeal to history t show that such was tho case. Let them search and they woul find no instance of a man taken from thc commercial ranks of an country having satisfactorily conducted the financial business c the nation. The caso of Neckar might bo ; perbap instanced as a brilliant example to tho contrary, bc ho was a .scholar, and had been a student t monetary science for many years before taking offlci and was not merely a banker, but a man also give: : to tho peculiar science of conducting financh matters, and ho thus triumphantly succeeded In putting in ordc \- tho disarranged monetary affairs of France. Tho reason for thi was obvious, that that very quality that lcd to success in privat affairs was the very ouc that was tho worst that any financier i public life could have. Let them but look at thc case of tho lal Daniel Webster. He was a man the most skilful and profound I nil monetary affairs of tho public, biit yet was so indifferent to an I Eoincapablo of managing his own affairs that if he deposited mone ' in tile bank ho hover kept an nccount of it. How could lt possibl bc otherwise in the nnture of things in general, since lt was cleo that any.mind filled with tho vast subjects that related to nntiuni affairs, could not take in all those Infinitessimally small mattel which mado np more private concerns. As a matter of fact, til mon tho most eminent in dealing with public affairs were ni thoso i who had. been tho most successful in makin fortunes for themselves by mercantile or other speculations. '. was the quality of mind that led to the impression that sou commodity would be of more value to-morrow than it was to tia In watching thc minor details of business that led to success i 4JVÍ...4. ur., thoaa qnnlIHe« wmihl lin tJinso.most fatal to tho Cor duct of national affairs, nnd no greater mistake could bo moue nra to fancy that success in thc countingbouse at all qualified a man I rule tho finances of a country. He did not pretend to snv tba with other and fitting qualifications, these qualities would be drawback, because he believed, on thc contrary, that habits < business could not but be beneficial. But to return to tho hot member for tho Stanley boroughs, ho would ask thc House win evidence thero was before them, to show that 1 was moro superior to the gentleman now at tl head of the finances of tho colony! He would ask thei to point out what cvldeiico there was of any kin to show that he possessed tiny higher qualities than his successoi aftd ho must confess that he would take the display of qualiti made in tho House on tho present debate, os nh instance ; and 1 believed from that, that thc hon. member now presiding over tl Treasury lind shown himself as well qualified, not merely for tl ofilco he hold, but for tho head of a Government, as tho hon. men ber tho Sydney Hamlets had done. He would take the speeches thoso two members, and certainly- he would say that there w no comparison between them. In every quality, tho eomparlsi was Infinitely in favor of lils hon. friend the Treasurer. Ono re son of tho objection that ho had taken from thc very first to tl late Ministry, had been in thc entiro want of faith ho had had tho fitness bf the then Premier to beat tho head of any Governmer Ho did not deny that that bon. member had many vnlual qualities, ho would not deny him the talent he possessed, or t! position he bad mada for himself in tho House ; but he would BI this-and in support of his assertion would appeal to tho recol- or tho House, and to persons who had come in contact with hi officially-whether ho possessed tho necessary qualifications; f thc hoad of a Government,-whether he lind thc power ot corni nation, the skill of concentrating his thoughts and energies up arty particular point when necessary,-whether he had that hap' knack of conciliating-those who were opposed to him,-the se restraint in moments of success, tho calm dignity in moments dorent, that wcro all demanded In tho leader or a Ministry. In these qualities tho hon. member for tho Hamlets stood 'but lit nbovo tho humblest member of that House. Tho he member was admittedly far beforo him (Mr. 1 in power .of: language, and in many other respect but constitutionally he was deficient of all .thoso qualit without which no man, whatever might bo lils power ot mir would bo found sufficient for thc guidance of tho Government of country. He entirely disagreed with thoso persons who, bccai this was but a small community of not more than n quarter of million of 60uls, considered that qualities only in thc same Bm degree wore requisite for tho mangement of affairs ; but the sal attributes of mind were demanded for tho management of afllr hero as fur that of any country ¡n tho world. Talent was cv moro requisite here, than it was in oidor and moro densely poi: lated countries, for hero tho particular power of construction w required, for there were no landmarks in tho past to guide t statesman to a correct conclusion ns respected thc future ; hi was required a mind capable of . seeing a reine for every circumstance-a mind capablo of looki not to to-day or to-morrow, but for ye: in advance. He was sensible of tho difficulty that existed in fir lng thc high qualities that he had described, he knew that wh ever talent rose up amongst them was taken off where there v, a wider field for Its exercise, to where more indúceme: were held out for its employment, and ho felt that thoywoi not get those high qualities for some tune to como- not until th got persons born on thc soil, whoäc attachment tb thc conni was moro enduring than tho30 born in other.countries, trusted, however, that in course of time they woutd have ir equal to the task that was required of them. This then lcd li to tho .belief that so far from Responsible Government work! well under n coalition as had been suggested, ' no coalition woi ever stand. Before it would succeed an entirely -new sot of n: must be found, and that wjuld not be the case for some yean como. And ho felt this tho moro, because on neither on the c sido or thc House nor tho other, did he seo men who Wi really worthy of tho high taBk that was imposed upon the stat men or tho present tune. And now with respect to the resolut itself. It stated m abstract terms that the formntlon or tho n sent Government was calculated to ohstruct public buslni Now he thought lt had been n very wiso objection that had b taken to it, and a very'sound oho too, 'which stated that thc rc lution did not go far enough, nnd that it ought, to hove any oflV to contain words directly against thc contlnnance-of thc pres Sliwstry. .Thc resolution was aimed against the act of formal alone ; and for that reason all reference ta the fiscal policy am the other measures of the Government had been apart from q?c*il0Iii.a^? tho lato Ministry trna bcoh led into tho discuss or the Ministerial policy by their feeling of hostility to present Government alone, and not by tho terms of tho rest «on rcquinng.it. - He should treat the motion by ita i merita only, ns aimed against ' tho formation of tho present Mil try, and in doing so he did not think that any ono ono memhe the House could conscientiously support it. For what were facts or thc case ! The late Government had gone out of offlci * i'SLw,íie,í "S" E0 «rasión for «hem to do so, and on go ont had advised the Governor-General to send for that gentlen who subsequently took office, and formed.a' Mlaistry to rep' Â,îd,Woit ^ ïad becn obJ<*ted toi now, boca .nnWn^awtîhuT »°,doing had impeded the business of country; but, to his mind, it was only then that tho sr Sf., i,1'10 .,Ncw Constitution carno into full play? T T,lwrln,Hgf-ntlo,man BayJt.hat tho net of formation was n purely Constitutional act. The honorable tho late Attorc GMrrai»««alÂÎllatîe "V"** to thtir principles A thcgáucry. °*°m°cxPIana,ion, whichwuslnaudibl in5ÎÎM"]tK?? .foatlnued: Without going into SS^ , objections of members "ho would ÍSS..1.Í? lítT ia i**10T1 terras. The ob ÎT«,« J£Vakcn "iy tangble form, and would have no wc] mJtt . ii?8 °' honorob'o members against any tang merit. lhere was not one objection which ce TÎnm"B.?PUîâ w,'^ T" ,orco to thc membc« of tho late vernment. The late Attorney-General objected to the BOX, Z»ïnT^fTnÀ 0f.iteJ?0"^ v H*t however, contended SSX^fru^XjfaP.0!? P"**** »' the present vernment. If lt ls to be defeated upon fe policy would it h»« been better to have waited aiww-aiïï.mdtoca sent « «"ton theb policy î He had no heslttttonlu wvWtatun som« portions of that policy were wlthdriwn?heshould^ ' ^îT» , ,or h* considered them enUre?*-h jeannie; IW instant the new metsuw of taxa W -re mentioned to him he said such a system or taxation was 111 cfenslble. ir they had waited a few days as lie had said-had hut some of thc measures been withdrawn, tho Ministry would have been defeated by an . overwhelming majority. Now he had said this nindi as to the principle involved in tho measures of taxa- tion propounded bv tho Government, ho would say the hon. gen- tlemen knew as well as he did, that this measure or taxation was not propounded as a system of taxatiou to ho adopted by the country. . The bead of tbe Government found himself m this posi- tion : he went into office late lu tho year at thc time when tho ( revenue required that Immediate steps should be taken with refer- ence to it, in order that thc business or the country might bo car- ried on, and it was then necessary to find some expedient ot a toMrí MANNING : There was no doubt it would ho withdrawn, and everything else they proposed. _ . ... Mr. PARKES : Interruptions and imputations carno with ill grace even from independent members, but to a far greater extent when they came from gentlemen who bad no recently formed part of tho Ministry ; and he took this opportunity to say that any gen- tleman who had once been a Minister of tho Crown should feel a constant consciousness that the cyc3 of the country wcro per- petually upon him in thc Assembly. Mr. MACAPvTHUR did not wish to interrupt tho hon: member, but what ho complained of was, that any assertion mado by him should not be credited. ... i"," Mr, PARKES : So far ns he had been able to ascertain, tho scheme of the late Ministry was open to far greater objection than that of the present. This Ministry had, however, ot least ono advantage, although they had been in office only a few days ; they had put their scheme before tho country, while the Into Ministry, although substantially in ofilco for several weeks, on tho very day on which they were expected to bring forward their financial scheme, carno down to tho House mid tendered their resignations The hon. member for the Sydney TIamlcts told them that they took ofilco without declaring their policy, whereas he and his colleagues declared theirs before they accepted ofilco nnd beforo thoy re- ceived .1 penny of remuneration ; he looked on this alone ns proof ' of incapacity to understand Responsible Government. How could they declare their policy before they took ofilco. ' The Assembly was bound to be opened by a speech from the Governor, and they, could not take office without that course was pursued. ? ' Mr. DONALDSON : Wo might havo gono intocfHoe tho moment j thc Ministry had been formed. Mr. PARKES : Tho hon. member would not have dared to haye met tho Parliament without that speech, and it was unworthy of him , to raise a quibble such as this. Although ho could do it bo would not have dared to have met thc Houso and the country if ho luid donoso. Now with reference to tho action taken by the hon. Member at tho head of the Government In forming o Ministry, ho conceived that it had been strictly constitutional in every respect. Ho conceived that that bon. gentleman had placed tho affairs Of thc country in the hands of a Government composed of men of as high probity ns their predecessors-in the hands of mon of ns high, an order of talent and of far greater political agreement thnn their predecessors. ("No, no, Yes, yes.") Ho maintained it-of greater political agreement m every respect. He maintained tbnt thc present Ministry, Individually and collec- tively, were as much entitled to thc confldcnco of the country, in point of character, in point of standing, in point of talent, and correct appreclation'of the true interests of tho colony as their prc- ? decessors. (Cheers, and cries ot " No.") One or thc grounds of objection that bad been taken to tho Ministry by tho hon. member for Parramatta was, that it was repugnant to tho.country. Ho believed that such was not the ease, but on; the contrary ho was convinced that tho public feeling of the'eountry was In favour of thc Ministry. (Cries oi "No, no," and "Aye, nye.*') How wore they to arrive at thc proof of tue public feeling ns re- garded tho question I Ho would point it out : They had tho elec- tions in the first place ; they had in tho next place, and he ap- prehended that hon. gen'.lcmen would not deny tho forco of tho remark, that the public Press of tho country was tho best criterion tojudgoby. (Cries of " No no," and.'¿Aye, nyc.V) And. they had that In their fauour. He only know ono thing, that was, if thc; public Press was in favour of tho other sido, they would think it tho best criterion. (Cheers.) He. knew;, that: positively because he had heard them ono - and , all appeal to tho . decision of tho ProsB whenever it happened to bc on their side. It was a remarkable thing with reference to newspapers, whether tho journal was thoïïwj, tho Sydney Sfon.ing "craid, or thc Empire, wherever u pnper sup- ported a public man, it was at once pronounced to bo-n high minded and enlightened paper ; but whenever, on tho contrary lt opposed a public man or political party it was a scurrilous paper. (Laughter.) Well, then, In the absence of a better criterion tho public Press was a criterion which every,--, honest and sincere statesman would bo -content to " abide. And ho must say that thc publie Press of the colony had been charncterisdby thc Times, tho leading paper in Englnnd, nnd thc leader of a journnl in Paris ns a credit to any country. Thc Press of the colony lind been acknowledged by. all tho ablest and most enlightened men thnt had ever resided to bo a credit to the country. (Hear, hear.) Therefore, not bocauso that tho Press here was an unworthy authority compared with tho Press or other countries, ho took it that tho public Press of tho colony, was thc best criterion to judge by in thc present matter. With ono solitary exception the Press ot the oountry -from, one eiid of it to tho other was in favor of tho prcscntministry and Opposed to thc late cabinet. (" No, no, hear, hear ?') Ho had In his hand two papers which had arrived from tho country thin morning, and as nowspopers had boen read by other honorable members during; tho debate, he would read short extracts from them: One paper was from Bathurst, the principal town of oue of thc-most impor- tant districts in the country, and which paper was published lust; Tuesday. ? . Mr. MANNING : How wns tho House to know who'wrote tho articles proposed to bo read! They might have been' written in Sydney,'and sent lip there for publication to suit a pur- pose. ' . . - .'?*. '?. Mr. PARKES: Ho could assure the honorable nnd 1 arncd mem- ber that thc article he referred to was one which he did not think at all likoly thc honorable member opposite (Arr. Donaldson) would write. (Lnughtcr.) Nclther: was it ono -that the honorable nnd learned member for thc North Riding (Mr. Darvall) would write, for the good ' reason that it was not Tn favour of him. But he did not pretend to know who had written it. Ho bolicved.tho paper in question was under the direction of a highly respectable man, Mr. Farrand, and ho appealed to the-hon. member for Bathurst whether that gentleman was not ii highly rcspeotublo man. (Hear, hear.) '.?' '??.*?? .'" > ? ' ; Mr. MANNING objected to the reading of the article. I ? . Mr. WEEKES expressed himself in favour of thc reading of tho paper. . : . . ' ' ' Mr. FLOOD said lt was competent for thc hon, member to read thc article to the House. Mr. DONALDSON thought it would ho very inconvenient Ho read any article from an anonymous scribbler in Bathurst. Ä discursive debate ensued upon tho question, which was closed by the Speaker leaving thc matter to tho discretion ol' thc hon.. member who was in possession bf tho floor ; on which : - ' ; ' ' Mr. PARKES continued : Had it not bean said tktit thc sense oj thc copntrv. was against the .ministry ho should never havo thought it worth while to make such quotations. Hut tho House must not bo misled by tho gratuitous assumption of the hon.'meih ber for t!io North Riding, that the quotations ho was about .to . make was from thc pen of an anonymous scribbler. Ho ¡was. about to quote from a respectable newspaper or longstanding, under tho direction of a gentleman of groat respectability; for. anything emanating from him he was answerable. There was a weight of authority attached td his particular journal. It had an authority i nnd : ho believed in the present circumstances, it was tho very best authority be could quote. Thia respectable journal, representing a most Important district, published last Tuesday morning.land delivered in Sydney this morning, had tho following comment : Pi'hc hon. gentleman hero quoted at length from a leader in tho Bathurst Prto Press of the date referred to, then made a second quotation from an arricio contained in the Goulburn Chro- nicle of tho same dato.] Those papers had come to hin hand by ac- cident. He was going to say ho had not sought for these expres- sions or opinion. Ile could have gono baok a few daysand round I similar expressions of tbe kind in every newspaper in the'eountry, outside of Sydney. He took it therefore Unit the state of publio feeling was in favour of giving a fair trial to tho present Ministry. ' Common sense and common justice were in favour of giving tho Ministers a fair trial, ne still entertained tho opinion ho o'x l pressed when ho had the honour to nominate Mr. Campbell at thc' recent election, and that opinion he was inclined to carry out with' singleness of purpose. lie should bo Influenced solely by thc measures of the present Ministry, mid if they evinced an incapacity to govern thc country, ihoy would not receive his support. If this measure which carried in tho fuco of it a thoroughly and unmitigated factious feeling, had not been brought forward, ho should still havojtrcated the Ministry upon thc merits of their measures without nnv regard to tho Ministers, personally or collectively. If thc House had any regard for their own interests and the interests of the country-if thc nouso was sincere m thoso professions of desire to get thc government in working order, and to proceed with thc buslticss of tho country it would show lt hy a large majority against this, most unprecedented, unwarranted, and unconstitutionnl motion. It had been most unfairly sought to keep thc Government ot' this country in tho hands of the would-be aristocrats, no would not Uko to be misunderstood on this point. Ile had a feeling ap- proaching almost to veneration for tho aristocracy, of England ; its lofty sonso of justice ; its high practical bcnovolenco ; its graceful refinements; its earnest endeavours to promote' the interests of tho humbler circumstanced which in ninny instances accompany those accomplishments which aro inse separablo from gentle birth, awakened in him a feeling almost of reverence. He had no desire ta disputo the authority which that portion of the British Empiro exercised in tho affairs of tho country. But ho could not recognise around him in this" colony anytlnng-whlch could awaken a like feeling. Ho could not recognise anything in a like manner calculated to benefit the country. He could not recognise anything In nny family or person in this country which should thus distinguish him nbovo his follows - unless it be eminent talent-or what is of far more valuo -eminent virtue. Whether he had a seat therefore, in tho Houso or not, he would nlwaya maintain for every colonist, i and tho child of every colonist In this country the right to a fair field and no favour. ? Mr. W. MACLEAY moved thc adjournment of tho debate until three o'clock on Tuesday next. Mr. HOLT seconded tho motion. T?£rT,,PoSUOi!£E',,Mr- PIDDINGTON, .Mr. FLOOD, ,Mr. PARKES, anil Mr. COWPER opposed thc adjournment. j Mr. I-, S. RUSDEN then was understood iu the gallery to move' as on amendment, that thc debate be adjourned until three o'clock this duy (Saturday). ,? -J Mr. FORSTER said he would second the amendment. Mr. DARVALL hoped the Houso would adjourn, so that tho matter might be argued fairly, and not be brought to a close by a I trial of physical strength. '. . . Mr. MURRAY said on tho first evening after tho speech of thc i hon; member lor Cook and Westmoreland hon. members opposite, showed a cowardly disposition, and would not go on with tho de- bate; last night tho Ministers moved tho adjournment to prepnre their defence ¡ they were on their trial, and ready to go on, and it was the duty of their accusers to go on from morning until night to conclude tho question. i Mr. NICHOLS ! Why not allow the hon. gentloman nt tho head or tho administration to conclude tho debato at once, and divide upon tho.original.motion I (Hcar,.hear.) . [A discussion here took place ns to whether an amendment had been moved, or not upon tho motion for adjournment.' ÍÍ i00"",0'1 thnt no amendment hnd been moved, mid that Mr. Rusden had merely made a suggestion, i Mr ARNOLD said, "although he was but a tyro, ho could see very clearly, thc object of thoso hon. members who were sunnort ing thc adjournment, nnd, if it was persisted in; he would call the .attention of tho Speaker on Tuesday next to the faa Lt there I were "strangers in the gallery;" then those honrgontlemcn , who favoured the House with their "flashy" speeches would not have the pleasure of seeing them in print. (Laughterf) F foltowin^ result*:-4îvlûcd.on thc moUon of adjournment, with the Mr. DonnÄ25, . . Mr. Scott*0'3' I .-. "anning. . Hood ! S:M/>?,?ay ' Cowper Nichols; Vaxit* 5aWraTe Jones rf? Forster if" 4, Weekes ' . . i. f&* ? Äir° I . .. .'.'..... ,V;X, Rusden ; i . .- . sa : . g? . . '.ar. ...tj ' £?/ . ! ' . ' Campbell' , '"., ! . ... gk, . . , - ..'Jg*T ; W. Macleay ¿-J .-*-"-Martin" - »; -- "" - .! ffc"1 Oxley T¡¡. Biehardeoa 