ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE, i To the Editor ef the Advertiser. Hobarton, Slst March, ISM. : Sib,—Perceiving sundry reports in the papers of ^Church Meetings' 'and "Sustentation Fund Meetings," &e;, &c;, 1 beg to point out & fact for the reveiuud aud lay ' participators in those enthusiastic reunions, that they may not take tithe of the mint and : the cummin, and neglect the weightier matters of the law. JSeiil is always commendable, but consistency is, though not so ; showy, considerably inure enduring; I, should like to "sec a respect to outward appearances shown as well, as the inward and spiritual graces, that are doubtless so satisfactorily prolific. I refer. Sir. to the day callcd : Good Friday, and which the Episcopal Church ordains to be a day of fasting and; humiliation'; a theory which is not denied, ns a general rule, even by those sections of , the Protestant Church which the respectably endowed " Church of England" looks upon rv as schlsmalical. j The newspapers announcing Good Friday J as a General Holiday, aud advertising coaches and steamboats, as holding out indiicemcnts to pleasure trip travellers, show the estimation in Which thht day of humiliation and fastingis likely lo be. held by the majority of the community. A sad disgrace to a Christian country that hot cross-buns, picnics, and travelling excureiousshould be the distinctive marks of the day on which " Christ died for us." A sad disgrace to a Christain country that Good Friday—that day eb emphatically good iis regards our spiritual prospects—should be the day if all others to be made a luxurious festival. B ut it may be urgod that this censure refers only 1 to flic non-religious section of the community, to tho& , who embrace a holiday as a holiday, without yefcrence ta . its origin> .1 it. What then shall I say with reference to the festival held—or supposed to be held—by a religious body, when ht Clarence Plains (if my memory, serves ipe) pious prayer and so- . , lemn observances were followed by a festival at which "pU tho delicacies of the season" : were jpresent! One would imagine from reading the hyperbolictd paragraph, announcing with a fit confusion of terms the beauty of the prayer and the fatness of the after- offering, that one had stumbled on some ceremonial,under the old law, where some colonial A gag had walked delicately; and, if that could haVc been the ministerial observance of a quasi-Good Friday, that he doubtless decided that,- like Agag of old, " the bitterness of death had passed." Preaching in the open air, such as the one the llev. Dr Fly—to use a religious termassisted at, shows that there was an opinion i that Good Friday was not a common Friday with those gentlemen; hut the smallucss of the attendance proves one thing—that the frequenters of the Domain held a different opinion, and the fact of their being at liberty ' to preach at all on Good Ft-iday afternoon in the wilderness of the world, proves another, viz., that they had not a hope of a congregation in their own churches. It is a disgrace to Tasmania, that the day of all others in. the year which ought to be sncrcd to fasting, humiliation, prayer,' self- ( denial, heart-searching, and pctiitenee, .' should be degraded in.o a vulgar holiday by ; ignorar.»e, prejudice, or greed. That, first, I the ignorance which cannot .ippreciatc the tremendous sacrifice of that day should in- suit its sanctity; that, secondly, the preju- | dice that wishes to avuid Puseyism should i carry its piurient impertinence into one of : those Ifoly Institutions—that of Fasting— i our blessed Saviour himself enjoins; that, ' thirdly, a passionate desire for money I should make men pander to vitiated tastes, and cause them lo creato j a false excitement by holding out induce- • men's to others to violate the sanctity of that : most holy day. In conclusion, I would say, place si&c; by side, the announcements so freely dealt out to travellers, cr the consequent annrunce- ; ment of pleasures enjoyed' at Clarence l'lains (or thereabouts) so liberally advertized : in local paragraphs, with thuso awful verses ; only to be announced with deep • reverence, aud only to de heard with grateful humility, . and then let Tasmania, by her reverent observance of the iicsl Good Friday, show the is not above being taught a lesson by the most humble of her children " And it was almost the sixth'liour : and there was darkness over all the earth until • the ninth hour. And the sunwab darkened, ' and the veil of the temple was rent in tho midst, dnd Jesus, crying with a loud voice, said, Father, into Thy hands I commend my spirit. And saying this he gave up the Ghost."—St. Luke xxiii, 44, 45, 46. Sir, if I had commenceu this letter with the intention of saying one unkind word against any who differ with ir.c, tho verses 1 had quoted would teach me how wrong I was. I would not add ft word which could irritate any one. Those verses above quoted teach mc that Christ died for all—that wcall have need of (hat death which opened a new era for all men. Am I not right then in condemnig the absence of nil rclrntm which makes a festive day of that aniul oeca- Let us, then, for the future, remember thnt Good Friday is a day of lasting and humiliation, nor treat it villi greater contumely thau even the fasts once ordained by— a Government 1 1 am, Sir, Your obedieut servant, A. B. C. P. S.—I have omitted an item, which I think of great importance, and I trust ii will meet with the respect tradition aligns to all postscripts The oinployeis in llobait Town and oilier large towns in Tib-mania ar.' very much to blame, whether they he (he gov.rnnicnt or private individuals, who, by neglecting or refusing to provide a lit Easter Hi;ii<lai' fur their subordinates, force them, as it were, to make use of Good Friday as a day of spor'. and l'elnxa. on. L'm;i some step is taken to ensure at this season a holiday, thu e who have yuun;: men .md women serving under them, incur the grave responsibility of encouraging, if they <lo not oven force, ilieni to the desecration of Good Fiidav. A. 13. C. 