MEETING OF THE DENOMINATIONAL SCHOOL TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION. This Association held tlieir first conversazione on Friday, the 4th inst., in the Victoria Grammar School, Collins street east. The extreme inclemency of the evening prevented many friends of education, who in \- tended-to bo present, from availing themselves of the opportunity ; notwithstanding this tho room was well ? ? filled. Among those present we noticed tho Very Ilov. : tho Dean, Dr. Cairns, the Rovds. Messrs. Draper, Morison, Barlow, Binks, Crisp, together with the Secretary of tho Denominational School Board, and otlior influential gentlemen. Tho ten being ovor tho verv Rev. the Dean moved that in the absence of tho ?Hon. tho Attorney-General, (ho being prevented by a previous engagement), Mr B. Gibbs, ono of the Vice Presidents of the Association, should take tlie chair. The Very Rev. the Dean then opened tho proceedings of t.lio ovening by prayer. The Chairman called upon tlie'Secretary, Mr Brun ton, to read the report, as follows : — At a meeting of the teachers of Denominational Schools, held Saturday, lOtn May last, it was unanimously agreed that an , association of teachers should be formed, and a sub-committee ; of gentlemen, then present, was appointed, to draw up i-iiles for the constitution for such nojicty ; which rules were brought before another general meeting, held on that -day fortnight, May 21st, and wero adoptod. They are as follows : — 1\. That this Association be called the Denominational Bcliool Teachers' Associition. 2\. That the oillcers for managing tho affairs shall bo— one provident, two vice-presidents, one minute secretary, one cor responding secretary, anil six directors, to be elected by voto at the annual meeting. ; 1\. .1. That the admission and expulsion of members shall he vested in the hands of tho board of directors, but no teachor ? 01m be admitted whose religious nnd moral character will not bear the strictest investigation. -1. The association shall havo for its objects tin improve ment nnd protection of its members, and the interest, and ad vancement of religious and sccular education. , 3\. Eich member shall be furnished with a certiflcAte of membership bearing the seal of tho association and the signa ture of the president, and any mjinber in goo.l stan-iing, Khali, at his own request, receive a certificate of honorablo discharge. C. The time and place of meeting shall be left to the dis cretion of the board of directors. 7\. Ladies engaged in teaching shall be eligible to attend the ?meetings of the Association. ?8. The duties of the Minute Secretary shall; be to keep a record of the proceedings of tho Directors and the Association. Tha Corresponding Secretaries, subject to the order of the Directors, shall bo the organ of communication of other socie ties and with individuals. 9\. Nd rule shull be made, altered, or set aside, except by the vote of at least two-thirds of tho members present, one moiith'3 notice of such alteration having been given. 10\. All meetings shall he opened and closed wliu praver. The meeting then proceeded to elect its officers, when tli . following.;-, gcntlemon -wore— appointed,:— Viqe^Pjeaidents, Messrs. E. G. Oibbs andJ. W. .M'Catohan as secretaries, Messrs. Alfred Brunton nnd Q. L. Allan ; as directors, Messrs. S. Huntley, J. II. Alton, J. Inglis, G. Withey, J. Ovens, add J. lladflcld. At the first meeting of the Directors, it was unanimously decided to request the Hon. tho Attorney-General to act as President of the Association, to which he kindly acceded. The appointment of Treasurer lias not yet been made. Since tho formation of this Society many observations havo been made, and that too by men of influence, deprecating the apparently narrow ha«is upon which it is grounded, inasmuch as by its very name it assumes that all its members must be in connex ion with tho Denominational Board, and -makes the principle of Religious Instruction its most Important element. Now it has been thought well to state to this ? meeting, as briefly as possible, tho reasons which influenced those who framed these rules. In the first place, they deemed it of tho greatest importanco that, with tho prospect of tho question of education coming before our legislature, it should be shewn that tho teachers oi' by fur the greater portion of tho public schools in this colony are in favor of the leading prin ciples of the existing denominational system,' and that all those difficulties which have been raised, with the practi cability of this system, aro more in theory than in fact. In the next ylnce, they wished it to bo understood that they did not consider the position of n teacher simply as that of a public lecturer on one or more of the branches of literature and societies, but that thev held his nnutinn to Im 111 'it nf mm whose duty it is to impart religious as well 11s secular know led je to the youth under his charge. They felt that that morality which alone deserves the name— that which springs from tlie fear of God, anil not from the fear of man, does not necassarily follow from high intellectual culture, but on the contrary, iu order that the varied stores of information re quired by tho young may be made useful, really so, in nfter life, there must first of all he laid tho ground work of true religion, nnd, thoreforc, they feel they could not place too much stro39 upon, not the importance merely, but the abso lute necessity of religious priuciplos being inculcated by the teacher, who, from his very poiition, must, next to the parent, cxn-t the greatest influence upon the child's mind. Taking this view, therefore, th_-y likewise unanimously adopted tho last mentioned rulo of their constitution, that or opening all their meetings by prayer, not as a matter of policy but as their mo3t imperative ? duty thus to seek God's guidance both in their school and amongst themselves. To show, however, that the directors havo not been un mindful of the other objects for which tlio society was formed they have to report— first, That although it is found that the Denominational Board Is not able, during tlio -present y ;ur, to grant the sum of money wiiicn would be required for the for mation of a library for the use of the members of the asso ciation exclusively, yet that a sura of ono hundred pounds will be expended in tlie purchase of books to form a library to which all tho teachers under tho board as well as well as clergymon and others interested in schools, will havo access. Second.— The Directors ar 1 taking the lieces-mry stops with a view of bringing out a magazine, which it is to be hoped will be found of as great benefit to tho teaclicrs here as similar publications have been found at home and In America. And lastly, they have to announce that tho mathematical class will be commenced on Saturdiiy, the 12th inst., K. Tl. Budd, Esq., having kindly undertaken its management. : Tho Rev. Dr. Caiuns was thcu called upon to movo tho first resolution. That in the opinion of this meeting no svstcm of education can bo complete which docs not combine lcligiDus with secular instruction. He said that ho was anxious to see a national system of education founded 011 right principles nnd placed under tho superintendence of on? governmental board, and ho was confident if men would lay midor their pre judices and deal with so groat a subject in a reasonable spirit, thero would bo no groat-, difficulty in arrang ing 'a system that would satisfy the great : mass of tho community. The secular education which wa5 so keenly advocated by a party was, iu his opinion, de fective and partial, and chargeable with the very fault of sectarianism with which the Denominational plan was blamed. Tho secularists limited 1 their education to ono department of tho mind, they sought to develop tho intellectual but not to direct tho conscience nor to cultivate the heart ; they overlooked the better part of the human constitution : preferred tho little to the great ; the evanescent to the enduring : tho partial and tho earthly to the highest good of the soul. Of nil ex clusive systems this seemed to liim the most exclusive ; of all specimens of a bittor, narrow, fanatical, sectarian ism this tlie most intensely narrow and illiberal. The teachers and tho pupils were compelled by law to keep within n miserably small circle, to touch on nothing re ligious, to cleave to earthly things, and when the time' for so-called ? religious instruction comes then some of the children wero to be invited by- a Presbyterian minister into ono closet, begot from hitn n littlS l'rcsby teriaiiism j others by n Church of England minister into a sccnd closet, to (jet a little Episcopalianism ; olherj by a Wcslcyan minister into a third cln.iet to bo in structed in Wosleyanism ; others by n popish prioat into a fourth closet, to get a little Romanisiy : in one apart ment the Protestant Biblo may be re-read ; in another the Douay version ; in a third tho Koran ; 111 the fourth tho Book of Mormon and so on. And this piece of folly nnd absurdity was praised to tho skies as a perfect remc ly for the crying sin of sectarianism. The Rev. doctor wont on to say thai thero wero throe parties directly interested in tho education of the young- nnd that all of them ' required tho assistance or the school master to impart religious knowlodgo. Tlio parent re quired him for this purpose; tho Stata also required him, and for an object essentially tho same- tho paront wished his child to bo brought up in the fear of God. Tho church sought that tho child should bo treated as ono of tho lambs of tho Saviour's flock. The state desired that tho child should ho so educated as to bo a, useful and profitable member of tho common wealth. But this oiul would only bo attained by im parting religious knowledge; and tho state which should forbid such teaching and yet expect tho happy ?result of an enlightonod nnd well ordered community would assuredly bo disappointed, might us reasonably expect to gather grapes from thorns or figs from thistles. He thou reviewed the system's of education iu Europe and in America, and in regard to tlio common schools of America quoted from a speech of Dr. Baird, to the effect that now tlio bible was claimed as the birthright of every American child, and tho truo charter of American liberty: that tho American pooplo insisted that it should I10 in every school and supported by tho slate, and determined that no sect of party, should deprive their children of their best privilege, freo and constant accoss to the Word of God. lie then quoted Dr. Arnold's opinion of secular cducntion, nnd from a report of Mr Cook, government inspector of schools in England, Btating tlio admirable results of reading and teaching from the bible. He then adduced tho oxamplo of Scotland, stating that the character of that country had arisen and decayed with tho religious teaching of the schools, and concluded by re-asserting a strong desire for a natioiinl system, not rejecting, but strictly including tho religious principle, and which might re ceive the cordial support of all unprejudiced mon. After long nnd serious reflection ho had conic- to think that the present state of tho colony required somo such plan as this ; that there bo ono general board of educa tion ; that schools be managed by local boards or com mittees chosen by a body of constituents j that ministers of religion 'should bo eligible as members of theso boards us well as, laymen; that all proserin tion of orders or classes of men should bo treated as rank tyranny ; that the biblo should bo read in every school, and regarded as the unalienable birth right of every child; but that tho children of those parents who object to their use should not bo roqu:red to join in their reading ; that there should be no church or religious catechisms taught ; and that, - if required, four consecutive hours every day should ba devoted to purely literary instruction. In suggesting such a plat, form lie felt that ho was making largo concessions and sacrifices. He had gono to the extreme bourjr'j ofour common Christianity ; I10 could on no consideration go a stop farther.. He had fears on account of theso con cessions, but tlie ground I10 had occupied lie would hold as a matter of.lifo and death. ' The Rev. D.J. DiiArnii, in rising to*sccond tho rcso lution, sniil ho. found himself plttcod ,in most fhvorublc circumstances, as tho great truth which it contained had been so fully stated and so forcibly illustrated by Dr Cairns, thus rendering it unnecessary that ho should ,10 sul)jcc£ any length. At the same time he felt it to be an unfavorable circumstance that ho had nnf. nnrl fimn frk nvAriflfn ? v ? ? ? ? Y.t — 1, ^ 4*4v ut illustrations oear lng on tltt subjcct, having only heard of the meeting Hiat morning, nnd being engaged tho whole of tho day. The truth propounded in tho resolution was' of tho simplest charactctv It seemed to say that- as education in its simplest form-is the preparation of persons or things for thoir uses or ends, that oducation cannot bo complete and effective which leaves tho moral nature uncared for, and the immortal spirit unacquainted with its God. As Christians we admired tlie correctness of the. definition that 'tho chief end of man is to glorify- God and to enjoy liim for ever,' and wo con sidered all education us being manifestly defective which ignored tho direct communication to tlio youthful mind of that knowledge which makes wiso uuto salvation. In education we recognizo the hand of tho lapidary that polishes the ruby to reflect tho sunbeam, but wo look in vain for tho polish of which tho immor tal mind is capable unless the words which the Holy ,Ghost teucheth aro' impressed upon it as of tho highest 'authority, and of paramount importanco and value. Ho fully concurred in the sentiments: which had boon ex- , pressed relativo to tho beneficial effects in Scotland and elsewliore, of schools conducted under the auspices of Christian Churches, and he may refer. to a subject that is interesting to all who had watched th« progress arid ' history of tho Australian Colonies. It was well known that Now South Wales was priginnlly a penal coloiiy, and that tho great majority of its early population wero convicted criminals. It might havo been fearod that under, such unfavorable circumstances thero would be ?but little probability of tho rising generation becoming . virtuous. It is however- a fact, that many of those, liaving_ conic to mature years are now excellent persons, nnd this was to bo attributed to tho decidedly religious character of the primary schools, which were established at an early period by' tho venerable J Mr Marstlon and others. Several of. tho teachers of theso schools wore .men who had - boon obliged to leave the then newly formed Christian Mission at Tahiti, and who found a congenial sphere of labor in those schools, the effects of. which were of tho most bcnoficial kind; Ho regretted that the opponents of religious education should enter tain . such erroneous views of tho light in which wo view denominational peculiarities. One would bo cTis ppsed to think' that they consider it almost impossible that we should over agree, or indeed oven bo on friendly terms. Sometimes tlioy write nnd speak as if we could not approach each other but in armor, This is most crroucou-;. On tho contrary, we are anxious that there should be the utmost co-operation iu tho work of edu cation ; Christianity and tho biblo being regarded as Ihe main points on which wo insist. He might hero remark that tho Wcslcyan Ministers in; Victoria at their last annual district meeting, -resolved on present ing a moaiorial to the now Legislature, praying, that \- i P--^P.Mprehensiyo system of general education may be adopted, hi which all tlie Protestant Churches at least might unite. Ha would only add, that though deno minational, our schools wore not Sectarian, lie consi dered, t.he systeni which at set times separates tho chil dren of different creeds for religious teaching, as being calculated to foster Sectarian prejudices and otlior evils to nn alarming extent. He trusted tho Teachers' As sjciation would be very prosperous, nnd had much pleasure in seconding tho resolution. The second resolution was moved by Colin Camp bell, Esq. : — That the Denominational' system, in its constitution and operation, is calculated so effectually to promote the interests of education in this colony as to entitle it to the confidence and support of the community. . He said lie supported tho denominational system upon the principle of religious liberty ; that liberty being tho right of parents to have their children brought up in tlieir own faith, and taught the truths that they them selves believed. _ Tho agency of tho state through the board was confined entirely to securing to;tlio children a good sccular education, requiring at tho same time a guarantee through the churches that religious educa tion should bo given. , Tho. religious principle fwas clearly the most powerful means of forming schools, and thus securing the oducation of tho youtig. He then stated that the increase of schools iu connexion, with the Denominational Board in Victoria was from 75 schools in 1851 to 320_ in 1S5S. Tho number of pupils now in theso schools is about 19,000. IIo then referred to tho results of tho religious element iu tlio history of educa tion in Bngland during the last fifty years, showing that the increase of education might bo traced to tho origination of Sunday schools at tho end of the last century. He proceeded to say that the position of tho tcacher in this colony ought to bo elevated, so us to secure to it the recognition of a distinct and influential profession. Above all the duty of giving ' religious in-, struction should not bo. separated from that of giving sccular instruction, otlicrwiso tho teacher will become himself irreligious. If tlio teacher be not merely an ablo man, but also and emphatically a good man, ho is tho very person to giro religious instruction,' us in many eases the parents aro thomselvos, from various circumstances, incapacitated for this duty— while minis ters have other and equally important engagements. One would think that wo wero in danger of having too much religion — as if ? it were an evil like drunkenness or swearing — required i lika thoir strong and decided measures for: its suppression. lie concluded by roinarking that tlioso who claim Voligions liberty for themselves aro bound to accord freedom of conseicnco to others, and on this | principle he assorted iliat the General System of Edu. j cation, which i9 likely 'soon to bo introduced into' this colony, must be based. t f ? ? The resolution was ably seconded by Mr. Box wick, and carried unanimously. : , i ! The third resolution was to havo boon moved by the Very Rev. tho Dean, but that gentleman was calloil away upon urgent business. ! It was moved by the Ray. Mr. Moiuuson' : That the errors 01' t!ic National System that has been, forced upon tins colony, demand! from this meeting, and tha friends tioii' 01 ffonorally, the most strenuous oppoai ? Tho Roy. Gentleman remarked that from his own observation, and from information whieli fctim various sources Jie had obtained relative to the wording of this system in Melbourne, tho amount of sccuVai- education convoyed by it is very imperfect and -unsatisfactory. I ho character of moral training may be learned by passing the walls of the Normal Institution diiriu' play hours. IIo then referred to tho ren\arks mado l?y the 1 nncipal of tliut Institution at tho close of Professor llearn s lccturo on primary schools, a few weeks nop, in tho Exhibition, Buildings. He stated that tlio gentle man, who appeared much excited, said that in National ScHoolvtho Koran, the Shastersor the Boole of Mormon might be freely tmed, and that, iii tho opinion of the speaker, nothing but Christianity was excluded. . rlhe resolution wai seconded by Dr. Milton', and carried. . ^ Tho fourth resolution was moved by tho Itev. Mr. Banks; j That this -moating cordially approves of tha formation of an assjcifir.on hytho teachers m connection with tho Dcnomiivi tiono. School Board, for co-operation und mutual improve mint. The Rev. gentleman regretted, that tha lateness of tho Umu-preTencod his making along speech, and iu n few forcible remarks moved the resolution. It \vn .seaonded by Dr. Caiu.vs. Mr. M'Cirreii.YN in supporting' tho resolution said — As tlio subjcct of' catechisms' had been mentioned ho wished to make a remark or two upon it. lie found that not a small portion of the public was under tho impression that when wo spoke of religious instruction \re meant thereby tracking the peculiar aud distinctive dogmas of religiom denomimtions — in short, that de nominational schools wero merely place3 fur touching catechisms. Now this most absurd and grouiuUer.j opinion lie was anxious to take the present opportunity of correcting. So far as his porsonnl observation, '.vent ho did not know ono denominational school in. 'which any catechism was taught. AVe aro asked, and l-,y some who, ho must sny, ought to know bettor, ' 'o„n you not teach geography, or arithmetic, or what -not, with out religion.' Tho question, however, is not ui to what we can do, but as to what wo ought to d,0i And he would ask, if a teacher is teaching geography may ho not refer to tho God who mado the world ? ' Or. if ho is reading a lesson on coinmercc, must ho not refer to the Providence who by making tho pvoductions of our country to bo the necessities of another, had bound the race of man into ono great family ? The tonclicrs in convening tlio present mooting ''„n:l submitting the various resolutions which had \\)cen. passed, had delibe rately, voluntarily, and ndviy.tjdly committed themselves to; the great principle of; roligious instruction as an essential element of a.iy. system of oducation claiming tlio suffrages, and support of the peoplo of this colony, and by thnt principle they would abide. He was much struck with an argur/ient by a previous speaker to tho e.Icct that by prohibiting tho teacher', giving religious instruction, you separate tlio teacher person .ill}- from roligiou. Yes I If we must havo a system of instruction without religion, we must have irreligious teachers to teach it ; for wherever religion exists it must assert ltsjli— it will come out-— its^nflucnco will be felt, and especially nnd emphatically in any attempt at teaching. Religion, therefrom, must bo l-ccognised- — not crcods, a*d opinions, and dogmas, but tho grand loading truths on which we are all agreed, as to God, his law, his authority, aud- own personal accountability to him. 1 And all this must lie ultimately founded on tho Scrip tures. Of theso tho childron cannot be deprived with | out ft robbery of tho grossest and most cruel kind. Ho would coneludo by repeating tho firm determination to abido by tho principle of religious instruction as tho groundwork of education at all hazards and' under all circumstances. 1 During the evening several very beautiful anthems were sung by the teachers and some of their pupils. The evening's proceedings seemed to have given ovory Satisfaction. ' ' ' ' 