TIIE EEVENGES OF TIME'. [From tho .V«r York Tribune,! Tlie ' whirligig of time is as busy ' bringing around his revenges' sow na it was when Shakspeare's wise- fool npophthegmatized the ' truth in the household of iho fair1 'Olivia, j i^ueer revenges tuey ore too, sometimes, ana ? brought around in no long time neither. We need not go back n hundred years, to the period when our fathers vrcroas much, afraid of the hosta of Polish France, and with hsoW reason, as their descendants tw of flhtf aftfiite* of the aliens at tho polls, nnd to coasMefoil' that has happened between us and Efigtafttl! since then. Ivor need we moralize over' thb-' changes which hnve come over France rince', the reign of terror succeeded to tho reign of the mistresses, and bo forward nnd downward. Nor yet to the more peaceful revolutions which hare bo materially modified the Go* venimenfc of England t-inco George III. was the young Mnreellus on wbaia England fixed her hope3 in tbj latter daya of Itis- debauehadl old grandsire. Forty years or ss* ia- plenty long enough for time to have- worked aotabw revenge-) in. We could not but consider those tilings, on reading an account of a grand banquet at 'Vienna* the other day in celebration of the distribution of prizes to Austria contributors to tlie Ex* position of Paris. 'Fronting tho entrauco- was placed the bust of the Etnperor Napoleon. III., draped with the French tricolour flag, while above it tho cipher of their Majesties, the Emperor Francis Joseph and the Enipres* Elizabeth, radiated in glowing lines of light. The emblems of Austria and France, ar ranged with much tastj and in equal pro portions, decorated tho saloon.'' Forty years ago the Congress of Vienna sat within sight of this 'banquet-hall to BetUa tha destinies of Europe i'or ever. Imagina Metteruich, or Castlercngh, or Wellington,. seeitjg in vision its walls decorated with thoed(% mingling symbols and resounding with ehouU. in honour of tho putntive son of Louis Bona parte ! Within a gunshot of the place lies the- body of the poor liuke dc Eeichstadt, who was hardiy suiFL'red to know who he was while ho lived, till his premature death iook a load off' the dull breast of absolutism, and whose lawful. succession; as Napoleon II., is now acknow ledged by the recognition of tho title of hi«' successor. Wiiat could seem more dead than. the Napoleonic dynasty then? And what is more informed witli life, end full of strength. than it is now ? It is but little more thna forty years since* Waiter Scott, expressing tho intensity of the dread and hatred Napoleon had excited ia the British heart, said in liii hnsto that he should have been put to death us u noxious animal or a felon. For more than twenty years England had bent all her corporeal and mental energies to tho task of defeating and chastising the French Eevolution. Hundreds of millions off money, and tens of thousand;-) of lives, had! been lavished iu tho crusade, and it teemed at; last successful. The wicked genius had beem ? seized, imprisoned in the fatal casket, sealed! with the signet of Solomon, and cast into the- sea, to trouble the! world no more. And lo ! the casket has been fished up and opened, and the* imperial shadow rules over Europe from behind. tho throne, which owes nil its pngeantrr andl power to the magic of his name. *And England! has taken his successor {/-i-, whoso empty title; she would never allow, even in courtesy !) to- her bosom, and kissed him on cither cheek,, and bound 3icr Garter below his knee, ondi 0 followed him io tho war which his necessities* required, and is about to ncquicsco in the peaces which his heeds now demand ! How the ghost. of the conqueror of Au&terlitz; must ' laugii. and shake his cars' in tiw Elyinan fields, in- thus posthumously trampling over his enemies' and ruling the nation:? from fiis urn! Now, we have not yet imbibed the admira tion of tho First Napoleon which a reverendi biographer of his feels it to be his divine mis sion to (spread abroad. Wo do not admire the- way in which lie showed cither liis love of peace5 or his democratic tendencies. Wo pray- to be delivered from all such blessings. But ho did a great vrork for mankind in tho blows ho dealt to their idols, aud perhaps thero Fas nono heavier than Jiia setting lumreif tip as one in their stead. The deification of such mcn»ter» cs Tiberius and Domiiiun no doubt helped more than anything else to destroy tho pjre* tigo of Paganism and to open the way to a pures religion. So the admission of tlio seedy special policeman of the 10th of April into the- innermost sanctuary of despotism must help1 to disperse what ot the divinity that hedges' kings is left, and which Las taucb to* do in keeping them such. Hi; has been a jaoet' extraordinary adventurer, to be sure. If aot? the Child o'f Destiny, ho is ct r.ny rate hW nephew. But can ho put his linger on (hfp restless wheel of fortune and bid it stand still' for him ? Can he stay the wings of tirno as he sweeps empires -v.\d institutions into nothing* ness? Where will he nnd his dynasty be m forty years from this day ? It matters not much whether the baby-elothce of the- imperial infant, which even how we* hoar is at htsudl 'impatient for the spies,' will ba tho»* trimmed with white or with blus. It will bo* pII on forty yrir3 henc % *'-1 r- a Jong time befo-t., \\.LrtLef it bi p iu oi u ui « whose; - bjth the cannon oft) o Im J Zn id arr,ounce- ' to lisfpningPtn Cu t ro i i ill have- Leu ooen within tint tn th u tho we ugw: moralize over. Tho aismtnj tion o-' t\ h t In , of Furopo by tl o dubious Uoi p i( ( i ollowaiXcai b- all thegu t J'o t ,, u 'ho 6'iangeet phenomena oi this r1 1 fc JIi». audicity, hi-» tJ it (for t1 ?- l-t'ch a j ♦?have tal°nt) aid Iu 1; hut' ccr- rp *jM to pat the raid r of fi t c i tst \ for tL i time, into his bind Eu' it 3 j I n 1 ho crai do, ttoIi^ tin tune hr und t- { p ths ship, of? tl rocis 'Ibis i ryjT it 1 ominous,, 'with f\ii of ch-ri^t 1 ,' lih non&rcliB;,1' evea vhd thej tun It'oc it Our gnat giapJuidcK -, 0 11 u reading In tjr, m t ?? itir o( F r0, m! have ir'ghticr duv-r' m t - 1 0 i c * Europe io jondtr 'pon th u n - cf lud if of Europ , \ ill ti * 1 1 n' to give them pau 0 111 a c ihn t r \ In j'ory ? Will tuj v url 1 cM 1 (inn ai to lmb clciLt f i , j ij 1' 1 1 not nv 1 n ix 1 ' it 1 ' t f rmly ikeduov. 11 An r c i'i t u did m Trf j « a 1 ui d I - It }jc-o are ib'} nor ? Iho old in t ! J t -t absdutt- xi wu1' oli tl ' h 1 c 1 tl Contit'en1' as tho.30 01 t'l rim 1 j ti 1 su hero. And tho jden of en! 3 1 i? cnidl jict* S-W| Tight! weff pot iMVfo b# j, pt% fL| -o^ ? in Englaad thea than are the responsibilities ; of tha country in the matter of slavery now. In ono ?way or other slavery must ?? lare coxae to an end before a century is at an end. Its effects may still be . felt, ? and there will remain much to bo done to .? -edify ike comraonTrealtk aright ; bat it ia ' iardly possible t hit such a black anomaly can. ? ?darken our l_.nd for another hundred years, ,Tmle33 barbarism returns to possess its ancient ? afeign, ss the ivoif has con:.? back to the haunts ifrom which tlia iirst Virginian settlers drove . him a^ray. But slavorv is crJy to bo driven -from our domain _3 despotism in a dilferent ?shape is to be extirpated in Europe— by the -earnest _and intelligent action of the men of this . generation. Time does not bring round his ? Jerenges by the me?2 wind of his wings as ho fflies, bet by the helping of resolute hands and sagacious minds. Men do the wort Time ??? 'cnfyjRcords it. What account will he have to gwa of U3 at this most pregnant moment of ^ Jbiajourse ? 