19'jwietie0. Towers are measured by their shadows, and great men by their calumniators. Tia SATIsACron Y RPLr'.c-A gentlema' perceiving the common-crier of Bristol uneml playedl, ilnquired thie reasun, " I canl cry 9to-day, sir, as my wife is just deald." Tan Newu Orleans Sun tells of a machinn which has beont invented " nut South," which enables a mnan to tell when he is getting too idruok. It ica caulled a fuddlcomoter, and gives tinmely warniag by hitting a fellow under the short ribs the moment he has got enough. A private of the falloway Rifles was recently stantling sentry, when un officer, noticing that he had a blnek eye, accosted hlim, and charged him with having been fighting. " l'lease, sir,' the soldier replied, "wasn't it for that you engaged mo?" A woman of gallantry said to a drunkard, " VWoid you believe, sir, that, during tile ten yoere [ have beuen a widow, I have not had tihe least itching after nmarriage?" "Would you believe, madam, that sincoe I can remember, I have never sulrfered thirot." Waoutnsolnn Anvcte.-A forward young lady was walking ono morning on the Steyne, at Brighlton, when she encountered a facetious friend. "You see, Mr. -," said she, "I am come out to get a littlousun and air." "I think, madam, you had better get a little husband first,"'' was the reply. A TAILon's SAaCTTrrr.-C. IlBannister em ployed his tailor to make him a pair of small clothes, and sent him an old pair as a pattern When the now ones came hiose, Charles com-* plained that there was nofob. "I didn't thialnk you wanted one," said Snir, "since I found the aplicatee of your watch in your old pockets." A person who was recently called in court for the purpose of provingt the correctness of.a doctor's bill. was asked by thelolawyer, whether the doctor did not nmake several visits after the paatiat was on lf dalngr ' "No," replied the witness, "I counsidured him in danger as long as the doctor continued lis visits!" Mlatrnkrc AT wn Tnta Aes.-Henry IV. of France, passilg thlrough a smannll town, per ceived the congregation assemobled to congrntu late hint on his arraval. Just as the principal nagistrate laud colamenaed a tedious oration, an ass began to bray; on which the king, turn ing to thie place whlere the noisy animal was, said gravely, "Gentiumaent, one at a time, if you please." Tin RUloLtIo PAssIon.-A gambler, on his death-hlaed, Ihaving seriously taken leave ofhis physlician, who toll him that he could not live beyond eight o'clock next morning, exerted the little strength he had left to call thie doctor back: which having naccomplishlod with diml calty, for he could hardly exceol a whisper, "Doctor," said hie, " 1'11l bet you five guineas I live till ninel" SINeuO AND T'eC PLANTEen.--" Sanclho," said a dying planter to his slave, "for your faithful services, I mean now to do yot an hotour, and I leave it in my will that you shall be buried in our family groundl" "Ah, massanl' replied Sancho, "Santcho no good to be buried; San cho rather have do money or do freedomn; bo sides, if do devil come in the dark to look for massa, he mistake, toand take de poor Negar man I" THa Gtnosr.-A foolish fellow went to the parish priest, and told himn, with a very long face, that hIe Ihald seen a ghost. "When and where?" said tie pastor. " Last night," replied the timid man, "I wtas passing by the church, and up againast thie wall of it did I behold the spectre.' " In whlat shape did it appear? ' sait the prielst. " It appeared to be the shape of a great ass." " Go home, and hold your tongue about it," rejoined the pastor, "you are a very timnid nman, and have been Irightoned by your own shadowv."' Scorctt Econonnr.-A Iligthlander, who sold broonms, went into a banrbers shop it Glasgow to get shalved. Tile barber bongalt one of his brooms, und after hlaving shaved hint, asked the price of it. "Tippence," said the Highlander. "No, no," says the shaver, "Ill give you a penny, and if that does not satisfy you, take your broom again." 'lThe ligtalandar took it, and asked what lie had to pay. "A penny," says Strap. "Il11 gie yu a baubeu," says Danald, " and if that dinna satisfy yo, pit on any beard again." Two gentlemen Ihaving wagered upon the number of chlaracteristic specimens of natino brilliancy they stoual encounter in a rural ex entr.,ion, one of tlemn thus addressed a stone areaker on the roadi " Mly goodl fellow, wore the devil to corme now, whichl of us two wotld Ihe carry away ?" After a little hesitation, that sayouradl of unl.epected dulness, the man mo destly lifting his eyes from his work, unswered, " Me, sir." Anntoyed by the stolidity of this reply, thle queris: pressed him for a 'eason. "Iecanse, yar hamour, ie would be glad of the opportunity to catchm ulylf--he could have you at any time." To'r Qeite Wlrn.-A man whose wife Ihad for some time been indisposed, going. homne onto evening, was informed that she was dead. " Well," said the husband, " I am going to the club ; send for me if I shtould be wanted.' In about two hours he returned, and was going to bed as uaul, whoen the maid cried onut, "!Lord, sir, do not go there! I have made a bed for you in the other chamber. "" Yes, Lut I will, Betty," returned he, "I never yet had a peaceable day with her. and ano determined to have one quiet night before we part." A Laer-r.Neeuo Exlcse.-A servant girl, who always attended divine service, but who also could not read, had, from constant attend anuco, got the service by rate, and could repeat it extremely well. But a few Sundays previout to her nmarringo, she was accompanied in tihe same pew by her beau, to whomu she did not like it to be known that she could not read; sne therefore took up the prayer-book, and held it before Iher. 11er lover wished to have sight of it also, but, unfortunately for her, bln held it upside down. Thae man, astonished, says, "Good heaven! why you have the book wrong side upwards." "I know it, sir," said the, con fusedly, " I always read so, for I amt left handeal l" A RotrN Pan AN l"LtVen. - A monk, who had introduced himself to the bed-side of a dying nobleman, who was at that time ia a state of insensibility, continued crying out. " Mliy lord, will you make the grant of such and such a thing to our monastery?" Tho sick muant unable to speak, nodded his head. The monk turned rouund to his son, who was in the room, "You soee, that my lord, your father, gives his consonttt to my request." The son im mediately exclaimed, "Father, is it your will that I should kick this monk down stairs?'" Tie usual nod was given, and the youth in stantly rewavrded the assiduities of the monk by sending 1dm with great precipitation out of tho house. A~n Inlst N uono.-A negro, from Mont serrat, where thie Hfliberno-Celtic is spoken by all classes, lvppenod to be on the wharf of Phila dulphia, when a number of Irishl immigrants were landed; and seiang oete of them with a wife and four children, he stopped forward to assist the family on shore. TIh Irishmnan, in his native tongae exprcsted his surprise at the civility of the negro; who, undertanding what hIad been said, replied, iu Irish, thlat he need not be astonished, for }lu was a bit of an Irish mann himself. The Irishann, surprised to htar a black manu speak hisi dialect, it entered his mnind, with thle usual rapidity of the Irinsh faney, that he really wasan Irishman, but that the clitnte had, no doubt, changed his cJm plexion. "If I may be so bold,, sir," said he, " maay I ask you how long you have been ln the country?" 'The negro, who had only coma hlither on a voyage, said he had been in Phal-. delphis onaly aolmut four months. Poor Pat'ik turned round to his wife and children, and lo.uking as if for the last time on their rosy cheeks, concluding that in four motths theo must also change their comploxions, exclaimed, "0 nmerciful powers! Judy, did you hear that? he has not been moro than four months in this country, and he is already almost as black aso jetl'. 