THE DEATH OF THE COUNCIL. To DAT tho present Council meets for the last time for the despatch of business, and as honorable members file out of the chamber that has so often resounded to the eloqueuce of some,' and the discordant shrit ks with which others made both night and day bitleoua,' not a few may exclaim with Wolsey,—. "Farewell, a long farewell to all my greatness." We will not on -such an occasion invidiously mention the names of those whose exile into private life reconciles us to the loss of others, but altogether the dissolution is certainly matter for congratulation. The Council has outlived public respect and public patience, not so much because its career has been other than creditable, as because the feeling has become universal that its structure is such as to make it not a fit Parliament for this colony at this time. Widely different indeed are the feelings with which it was Regarded at its birth from those which surround its deathbed. • Then we were jubilant at having secured' the great boon of separation, and the right to manage our own affairs, even -with a mongrel semi-nominee semi-representative Council The improvement was so great upoi what had gone belore tliat we greeted the imperfect institution with an all hail. But during the few short years of existence which this Council has enjoyed, the whole aspect of society has undergone a change. The population of Victoria is uo more that.of Port Pliiilip five years ago than that >f England now is that of England at the beginning of. the century. The changes of hilt" a century in the mother country, however in other respects, bear no comparison to those which the present Council hu witnessed in Victoria. TJie national occupation is not what it was. Tils leading interests of other days have sunk into comparative insignificance and others, before undreamt of, havg risen into supreme importance. In every direction the flood of change, and generally ot' reform, has swept away old land-marks, and to all intents and purposes the country in which the present Council dies is not the country in wliich it was born. The old colonist now returning after a five years' absence would recognise neither the huildin^s of Melbourne nor those that dwell in them, ihe stonewalls and human coun tenances with .which he would find himself surrounded would be alike unfamiliar to him. He would not be able to take his ease at his inn for its very strangeness. If to get rid of his restlessness he resolved to visit the theatre, actors and edifice would equally shock his old notions of what such things should be in the colony. If of a litigious 'spirit, and he went to law, he would find the floor of the court crowded altogether by new lawyers. litre and there amoDg the thick crowd he might detect some, old familiar face, but in almost all directions he would lind tha; everything had suffered a change— ; Into something new and strange. He would, be as little at home, as Rip Van Winkle-after his • protracted slumbers in Sleepy iiollow. It is obvious enough that a Council constructed and for the most part elected, or nominated " before the flood," is not fit for the present- post-diluvian epach aud in obedience to the law of progress, it is high time, that it should be gathered to the mastodons. Let us not speak or think unkindly, however, of the curious old creature as it lies dying. Out of date and .unfit to live as it is in tbe modern world, it'has been a marvel of progressive development in its day, and has wo.'idroitsly accommodated itself) considering its organism, to the imitations that have gone ou-arouud it It has done good service too.—has slain' various malignant monsters, so long dead now that the new race- scarcely knows that it ever existed ; and having served its purpose, consummates its " mission" by dying nnd making room for that successor for which it has prepared the way. Let us hope that the "new Parlia ment which is to. be hereafter, will be as much iu advance of that which now is giving up the ghost as the colony pf Victoria is in advance of the Port Pmlip District. In the meantime as we, not unreluct >ntly it must be owned, bid honorable members good bye, we heartily and sincerely thank them for their very considerable past services,— Melbourne Argas of Thursday last. 