SCIENCE TRIUMPHANT. The Colonial Secretary, not long since, spoke with fervour of the time when the speeches of honourable members might be conveyed, as they were uttered, from the resounding walls of the Council Chamber to the utmost confines of Port Adelaide—when the magic wires, swift as light, would flash their glowing eloquence—"thoughts sublime and words of fire"—from the civilized regions of North-terrace to the sandy deserts of Lefevre's Peninsula—from the Gresham Hotel to the uttermost Halfway House. This, no doubt, is stupendous. But what will be said to an undertaking which is to unite Aus tralia with England—to put all mankind en rap port with Regent-street—to enable a colonial Governor to send home for instructions at ten minutes past 11 and to receive an answer at twenty minutes to 12 ! The "Night-side of Nature" has nothing equal to this. A common mortal will be able to work more wonders by paying half-a crown at the Electric Telegraph Office than the best ghost, " medium," or clair voyant that Mrs Crowe ever told stories about. A writer in the Sydney Herald thus comments on the facts of the case :— When only a few months ago the project of telegra phic communication between Australia and England, via India, was spoken of as at least quite practicable, the projector was scouted as a dreaming enthusiast, and the undertaking itself described as visionary and ab surd. Now, however, we learn from England that the scheme is there considered to be not only sober and feasible, but that its accomplishment had been resolved upon. The plan principally relied upon seems to he the extension of the telegraph from Singapore to the intervening islands to the north coast of Australia, and thence across the continent to the southern settlements. There is, however, another route which may possibly compete with the above. It cannot be long before a line is laid down between India and Ceylon. In that case the connection of South Australia or Swan River with Ceylon by submarine telegraph would appear to offer a more direet and continuous line than the one first adverted to, broken as it is by the intervention of so many islands. Once they are carried to South Aus tralia or to Swan River, the continuation of the wires from either of those places to Melbourne and Sydney offers no difficulty and no choice of route. In this case indeed it is of little importance from what direction the intelligence reaches us. The transmission can, by pro per management, be made so nearly instantaneous, that, unlike steam communication, the point on the conti nent at which it is first received can derive only a mo mentary advantage. With regard to obstacles, the writer's mind seems mostly concerned about the blackfellows ; their experiments on the wires, it is thought, might work disadvantageous^ to the general scheme—a supposition which their instinctive love of " copper" very strongly favours. We have no doubt they would steal the messages if they had a chance— Few as are the obstacles presented to the dissemina tion of intelligence by the electric telegraph, provided always that the paramount one of capital has becu overcome, there is nevertheless one which, from its un usual nature, is apt to be overlooked, or, if thought of at all, there is some reason to fear that it may be treated with unmerited contempt. The obstacle alluded to may he expected to arise from injury to the wires on the part of natives of barbarous regions through which the telegraph may be conveyed, and applies particu larly to a line running across the Australian eontincnt. In what light the Australian blackfellow would look upon the mysterious operations of the telegraph con structors it may, perhaps, be difficult to say, but there is much reason to fear that he would endeavour to injure the wi:es, unless placed beyond his reach. This would be almost an irremediable evil, considering the extent of solitary country throughout which;the injury is liable to be perpetrated. In Bulgaria we learn that the wires have been cut and otherwise injured through the malice and superstition of the natives, and more enlightened conduct is scarcely expected from the roving savage of the Australian woods. However, means will, no doubt, be found to overcome his hosti lity, provided it should be offered Probably in asho t time he would cease to think of the silent wire that lay buried below. It is clear that a line in cont'guity to the coast would not be liable in the same degree to any injury of the kind alluded to. 