THE MONSTER NUGGET. Part IV. Soon after we left the road, we entered a sterile and densely scrubby region, through which we travelled for some miles, the bushrangers seeming to have strong organs of locality, and a perfect knowledge of the country, We then crossed a range of low stony hills, and, in a gorge of the farther side, came to a small pool of rainwater, at winch the marauders seemed to have fixed their temporary head quarters. How they discovered the place 1 know not; but it was certainly one in which they were likely to be undisturbed. For miles round, the country was quite barren and useless. Neither flocks nor herds could find feed there. There was nothing to tempt the wandering hoofs- of stray cattle: nor would any stockman in search of runaways think it worth while to seek them there. The sides of the hills lookea.greeu indeed but it was only with tufts of Spinifex or " Porcupine grass, from the keen-pointed blades of which, all things that ruminate turn awa^ with an instinctive aversion. The bushrangers had no tent, hut tlieyhad constructed a "guuyah of green boughs, iu which their'possum rugs were spread; and this rough habitation seemed to be regarded as a kind of home by its nomadic architects. There were several horses tethered about, and there seemed to be no lack of either eatables or drinkables. One man had been left " at home "to look after the domestic arrangements, and he proceeded with great expedition to get supper ready as soon as our party m a d e it's appearance. The cook carried a revolver m his belt and I—with my hands still tied, was placed under his surveillanc'e, while the rest of the men proceed to feed and tether their horses—mine being now .of course included in that natnber. The cook, or doctor, as they called him—his degree having probably been taken iu a ship's caboose —kept a sharp eye upon me at the same time that he pushed on the supper arrangements, in which I could not help taking a considerable interest, for my appetite, sharpened by a loiiij day's ride, had not yielded to the misfortune which had made me a prisoner. Out of a great heap of hot ashes, the doctor exhumed,a fine symmetrical looking damper, that gave forth a hollow sound of great promise, as he tapped it with a stick ; and which emitted that peculiar smell of hot bread which touches agreeably the olfactory nerves of a hungry man, even if his hands be tied and his presence iuvoluutary. The ribs of a sheep which the legitimate owner put down probably to the account of the wild-dogs, were-quickly broiling on the embers in the shape of mutton chops, .while a few pigeons completed the bill of fare. The bushrangera, 011 dismounting, had unbuckled their quart pots, and the doctor speedily had them filled with water, and down by the fire to boil. • He so far observed the duties of hospitality, moreover, as to get my quurt pot, aud to place it along with the rest. Tea was quite ready when the bushraufeiv. came back to the fire, aud Fitz untied my bauds, and invited me to sit down, while Bill- scowled at me in a manner that seemed to say if his personal tastes we e uiorn consulted, he would much rather put a kuife into my stomach than victuals and drink. Very littlowas said during the progress of the meal. The doctor asked some question that I could not quite make out, to which Bill growled out a reply that " the wouldn't be by till to-morrow," and I gathered from what followed that they had planned tbe robbery oi some individual, whose want of punctuality Bill evidently looked upon as a personal injury. ludeed 1 disliked this ruiii;m almost as much for the nioroseness of his disconteuted spirit as lor having robbed me, and 1 centred upon him the greater part of iny auimo>itv against the whole iirni. Nothing satisfied him, and fur every item among the causes for his dissatisfaction, he seemed to tind it necessary bitterly to hate aud curse some one. I felt a strong jjor.-ioiial wish to apply at all convinced that his comrades might not pves »tly be brought to consent to so triflinga sacrifice of their own intentions, for the sake of peace and quietness. Fitji, on the contrary, had a fluw of .spirits which made Iub feloui«s sit more lightly upon him. The rest of the men were dull and moody, and seemed to go through th ;iv crimes as through an inevitable business that had no charm about it, and that might be expected to end at the gallows. 1 set them down aa beiug thoroughly hopeless and miserable—far more prospectless and miserable thau they were conscious of being themselves. They seemed to be the mechanical creatures of criminal habits—plodding through the work of rob bevy with as little taste for it as the reader lias for the drudgery of his particular calling, and feeling—though Jiot knowing that they felt—the hopelesp unhappiness of their outcast life. As for what we should call remorse, I could not see that it afflicted auy of them. After tea, however, when some bottles of spirits were produced, they brightened up a little, aud began " yarning." They were all old. Van Diemonians, t-.nd their convict experiences formed the staple of thiiir conversation. Bill dealt chiefly in murders that had been committed by his friends or himself, and he grew almost cheerful in describing how he had once effected an escape' with three others, after beating out the brains of their guard with an iron bar. Fitz admitted the inferiority of his performances as to murders, and seemed to take most pleasure in the memory of various cunning swindles and adroit robberies in which he had been engaged. After about an hour spent in this kind of agreeable and improving conversation, Fitz aud Bill had a game at " Beggar my Neighbour," Fitz betting my watch 'against Bill'j bet of my revolver, my various chattels having beioi divided I presume whea the bushrangers were awav with my horses. Bill won 1 lie watch but swore frightfully at the discovery that it was not so good .i one as he expected. He appeared tothink that I had regularly chealed him, and be looked at me with a most murder oub expression. F.nally however, bed time came, and Fit'/ proceeded to mak® me comfoi ubie for the ni 0 'ht by fastening my right leg to a tree with a chain. He was kiud enough however to lend me my 'possum rug and saddle, and assured me that I should find the chain rather inducive of slumber than the reverse, as he had himself ascertained by an experience of some years. The disagreeable novelty of my situation however, counterbalanced all the soporific influences* of the chaiu for several hours. I was too old a bushman indeed to feel very sensible of the physical discomforts of my situation, even though a shower, which fell towards midnight wetted my rug aud the ground ou which I lay, in a way that would havo frightened a sheet-airing townsman into au influenza. The loss of my property too, though that afflicted me more, would not have kept me from sleeping—for a man in search of a monster nugget worth nearly a hundred thousand pounds a ton—and who could say how many tons it weighed?—is naturally prepared to make a few losses in the course of the search. But lying among bushrangers—eating, drinking, and sleeping with these cut-throats—seemed so strange au episode in my life, that though I felt no great apprehension of personal violence, the events of the day re-acted themselves over and over ag tin iu my mind, and kept me broad awake. Gradually however, these images became more and more confused, and after a time I started up from a dream in which my friends at home aud the bushrangers were mixed up in a manner that would have astonished both parties. Then I dropped into a sound sleep, from which I did not wake till it was broad daylight—when, with the sound of Fitz's voice, the recollection of all that had occurred fell upon me with the suddenness of a blow, " 'Ope you've slep well, sir," said that cheerful miscreant with many bows of exaggerated politeness—" Excuse the liberty of entering your room without knocking sir, but I thought as you might'ave over slep yourself, so I brought yer 'ot water for shavin sir, without waiting for your bell. Sorry I can't offer you the accommodation of a clean shirt this morning but the washing aint come 'ome. Now, Sir," he concluded as he took the chain off my leg, " look alive, as your friends is a waiting breakfast, for yer in the best droring-room." I accordingly gave myself a good shaking, and, having given my face and hands the ghost of a wash in a puddle of rainwater at my elbow, 1 joined the friendly breakfast circle. 