POLICE PICKINGS. A HARD SWEARING "WATCH"-MAN.—A case came on at the Central Police Office on Wed- nesday last, which created considerable public interest. Benjamin Palmer, "mine host" of the Liverpool Arms, at the corner of Pitt and King streets, over against Alfred Toogood's, appeared charged by Inspector Mortimer, of Captain McLerie's corps of guards "blue", with neglecting to run and open the door to Inspector Irvine of the same regiment as quickly as he might have done, on the morning of Tuesday last, about ten minutes after midnight. A long hun- gry-looking individual, who seemed as if he had lived for the last three weeks on the smell of a red herring, having entered the box and kissed the book, deposed that he was Inspector Irvine, and that on Tuesday morning last he was passing the corner of King and Pitt streets about 10 minutes after 12 o'clock, and that as he went by Ben's noted hostelrie, he heard the jingling of glasses. As the trumpet is to a war-horse, so is the jingling of glasses to a peeler, and Irvine like the rest of his cloth, was not proof against the prospective allurements of "a ball"; accord- ingly he knocked, but was not admitted, and the operation of knocking had to be repeated several times before he did gain admission. Jemmy Martin, who looked as jolly as when he ate the whole ox stuffed with taters, at Hartley, having been specially retained by Palmer, then rose to cross-examine the witness. Under Jemmy's persuasive powers, Mr Irvine admitted that he had not said he was a policeman when first he knocked at the door, but that he fancied there was something so much more Aristocratic in the knock of a peeler than in that of anybody else that he imagined every one must be able instantly to recognise it. He would not swear however that such was the case. At last he said he was an Inspector of Police, and he was kept waiting some time after that Mr Martin—How long had you to wait after you said you were an Inspector of Police, before you were admitted ? Inspector Irvine—Oh, a minute or two. Mr Martin—How long do you say ? Inspector Irvine—Two or three minutes. Mr Martin—Do you mean one, two, or three minutes ? Inspector Irvine —I'll swear it was "three" minutes. (Just before this last answer was extracted, somebody fancied that they "heard" Inspector Mortimer "wink", but it was not generally audible throughout the Court.) Mr Martin—How do you know it was three minutes? Inspector Irvine—Because I had a watch in my hand, and was looking at it all the time. It had been anticipated that the line of defence would have been, that Ben was in a brown study ruminating about Edgar Poe's Raven, and that when the immaculate Irvine sought to attract his attention by knocking, he had fancied it was the ominous bird "tapping at his chamber door". The portly "Jeames" however, disdained to have recourse to any such subterfuge, and rested his defence on the real merits of the case, viz., that the policeman had no reason to apply for admis- sion, and that when he did apply stating who he was, the door was immediately opened. With regard to Irvine's grounds for knocking at the door, he seemed to have no other reason, than to endeavour to find out if Palmer was selling drink after midnight, which could not possibly be considered one of the "lawful purposes" for which the Police are empowered to break into a publican's house at any hour of the night ; and as regarded the delay, a gentleman who was in the Bar all the time, swore distinctly that as soon as the Inspector stated who he was, Palmer "went round the counter and opened the door immediately". In fact, Jemmy demolished the whole case which the beaks were attempting to set up, in a masterly style, and left them not the ghost of a leg to stand on. It being, however, a case of a peeler against a publican, we need scarcely tell which went to the wall, or that Mr Palmer was fined twenty shillings and costs. Immediately upon the police Magistrate giving his decision, Mr Martin most properly applied for a copy of the depositions, so that we may safely hope to hear more of the matter. Our own views upon the subject will be found in another part of our paper. BUTTERING IT RATHER THICK.— On Monday Mr. John A. Buttrey requested the attention of the Bench to his case on Monday last as rather a hard one. He deposed that he was Buttrey by name and buttery by trade also in- asmuch as he was butter merchant. Latterly however he had been finding himself getting less and less " buttery" every day in consequence of one Ezekiel King a drayman who resides at Surry Hills, having to the best of his belief walked off with a good deal of his butter. On the preceding Tuesday he (Mr Buttrey) was the happy possessor of thirty firkins of fine Cork Rose butter, fit for his Excellency's or anybody else's matutinal toast; on that day however, he entrusted the prisoner with a firkin as a sample; this of course reduced the number of firkins to twenty-nine, but two days afterwards mysteri- ous enough to relate, the twenty-nine had be- come twenty-seven, and on the following day, Friday, he found himself on taking stock, re- duced to twenty-six. This was too much of a good thing; no man could be such a glutton as to consume three firkins of butter weighing about 75lbs apiece in three days, and it was therefore evident that they must have been pur- loined for the purpose of sale. Mr Buttrey ac- cordingly applied for a search warrant to enable him to look over Ezekiel's private mansion to try and discover some trace of the missing fir- kins. Having obtained it, he sent his clerk with O'Keefe the detective to conduct the desired in- vestigation, Sergeant O'K. having as his grand- mother always told him, " a rare nose for but- ter". On presenting themselves at the regal residence, and having been ushered into the presence of his majesty, they informed him of their business, and stated that they must trouble him to reveal the mysteries of the arcana arcanissima of his menage. At this, Ezekiel demurred loudly, declaring in most unprophetic style, that his house was his castle, and that no such insult should be put upon it. O'Keefe and his ally however proved "modest but firm", and insisted upon following up their duty. As the result of their researches, they succeeded in dis- covering one half firkin, the marks on which happened to correspond with the brand upon those which had been stolen. Upon "this hint", Mr O'Keefe felt called upon "to speak", and ac- cordingly he did so, Mr King's appearance in the dock on Monday, being consequent upon this expression of his opinion. Cory who came out in full force upon the occasion, exercised his legal ingenuity to the utmost, on behalf of "the King" (having had a great partiality ever since Bill Nash's case for appearing "for the Crown") but still he could not succeed in shaking the feeling of the Bench, as to his client having un- duly filled the office of butter factor to his em- ployer Mr Buttrey. One thing which militated strongly against Cory's chance, was the fact of a variety of other goods having been found upon Ezekiel's promises, and which consisted of knives and forks, flat candlesticks, sealing wax, &c.; The hopes of the King, who had trusted that these goods might possibly have been looked upon as " waifs and strays", were finally extin- guished by his being fully committed to take his trial at the ensuing Quarter Sessions upou the charge. Without wishing in any way to pre- judge the probable result of the trial at the Ses- sions, we may surmise that friend Cory will find his work cut out to clear "his King" upon that important occasion. 