MINING INTELLIGENCE. ( FROM OUR MINING REPORTER.) Tuesday, 4th March, 1856. It would appear that beyond the settlement of partnership disputes the labors of the Local Court are limited to a narrow compass, i.e., if I may judge from the numerous complaints I hear of its want of power, by miners who most unsatisfacto- rily go to it, for the purpose of redress, or even for the purpose of having the rules of the Court itself carried into effect, laying aside the indivi- duality of cases, to make no specific charge, in which I might find the usual difficulty in substan- tiating fail, who have come under my notice. I may mention one which has lately been brought before the public, viz., Hill v Pullar,— in this case defendant acknowledged having jumped com- plainant's claim without (according to rule) hav- ing obtained the authority of the Warden to do so, and is fined £1 and some costs for so doing, the claim to be given up to him. Now, as I am in- formed the complainant Hill had not left his claim 48 hours when it was jumped, and he relied on two things for a verdict—first, that the Local Court would be particular in enquiring into the reasons inducing complainant to " jump " the claim, and that the time and manner of so doing would also be required to have been in accordance with the regulations of the Local Court, Sunday, in the eye of the law of course being nulla dics, but a verdict was given for plaintiff ; defendant fined £1 and costs, and the claim admitted by him to have been illegally jumped given to the defen- dant thrown into the bargain. Of course there may be different feelings on this one case, and the Court may have seen it under a very different aspect from what those who live on the spot did and do, but at all events a great diversity of opinon as to the result of the investigation before the Court exists between the two places. It is said this decision was made by a Sub-Warden before the Court heard the case, and that the Court could not alter or inquire into his decision. I am also constantly told that the regulations for pud- ding and crushing machines are not carried out. Certainly as far as the latter are concerned this is the case. According to the rules, weighing machines, fencing and watching were to be at- tended to, and beyond the altter (sic) these are seldom carried out. At Epsom I notice fresh arrivals still coming in, the very first glance at the lower part of the rush shews that the usual war, diggers v. trees, is being carried on with much vigor, and even while you contemplate the wreck they will soon make of the smiling face of nature "crash,' goes another fores- ter, down in the midst of his days of pride. In the Frenchman's paddock only a line of holes have been found worth working, and one of them has only as yet turned out three-quarters of a pennyweight to the tub, but I am of opinion that if instead of washing crushing were employed it would be found to pay well. Below this the rush, with the exception of some holes being sunk, is bearing westerly very sharply. A quarter of a mile below the late rush about 100 men are at work, and entertain great hopes of their ultimate success. It is believed that the sinking here will not he less than 80 feet. Our deep sinking on Bendigo is as yet certainly quite unknown. Take a radius of six miles be- yond Epsom and you will find some very nice looking gullies and good looking flats, which owing to the depth of the sinking have never been tried. Nothing more than the leap-frog business of taking a claim in front of the last sinker, which, when one calls to mind old days of quiet rushes (which then took a little more looking after to find than now) in the rank underwood of our gullies and hills is but a very ghost of the ever-to-be- remembered, never-to-be-forgotten days when at the golden chime of the prospecting pan so musically pro- duced by the rat-tat of the cradling-stick, now nearly obsolete, they used to cluster on the green sward and mark and peg the ground which in a few hours after was sunk on and a few days after by report worked out. The digger is fast assuming a more mechanical mode of life, less bouyancy of spirit, less specula- tion, aye and less intensity of purpose mark his character. Many of the pioneers of these gold- fields have gone with their accumulated treasures, and so long toiled in the old workings that they care not to bestir themselves beyond their neigh- bors for the purpose even of prospecting. Wednesday, 5th March, 1856. Messrs. Hussler and Co.'s steam puddling ma- chinery, in Maiden Gully, White Hills, is now fast approaching completion. In about ten days they expect to commence operations, by puddling the dirt they have lately been raising in sinking the beds for the boiler, and engine, force pump, &c.; The machinery is good and well set, and every appliance for economy and utility have been brought to bear on it, at the same time there will, no doubt, be found many improvements which, in putting up another machine of the same kind, would be adopted. Once started, these enterprising gentlemen intend to work day and night, and they say that half a pennyweight to the ton of dirt will pay them. Many are anxious to see the result of this spe- culation, and there is every certainty that in a very short time others will follow. I have heard of one gentleman, now engaged in quartz crushing, who is looking out for a suitable position for similar works. Messrs. Hussler and Co. will, I am informed, employ about forty men, and they are not paying any at the present time less than £4 per week. At the Eaglehawk Flat the population has lat- terly increased. Some heavy gold has been raised, and most are doing pretty well. The quartz reef at Jackass Flat is still not fit to be worked without machinery— indeed, many have left it altogether, owing to the water. Some say it is the result of a spring, while others seem of opinion that it comes from the surface, through the gravel. However this may be, makes little dif- ference to the poor miners, who are obliged to abandon their claims. It is fortunate that such a providential provision exists as the intermixture of the easy and difficult gold workings on Bendigo. The district beyond Eaglehawk and Sydney Flat, which may be designated the Whipstick neighborhood, consisting of a number of small gullies, branching into flats, begins to show more signs of vitality than it has done for some time past. Several puddling machines have been steadily at work during the whole summer, but latterly a mining population has been steadily set- tling down— scattered, yet large for the district. One of these gullies— the Wellington— has for the last few days been paying very well : the gold got is of a coarse description, but in quality very clean. I think a good deal of surfacing is yet to be found in this part, as well as some good sinking. Messrs. Young and Co.'s crushing machine has again commenced work. The new rollers work excellently, and crush the quartz very evenly. This is as it should be, for, admitting the difhculty in getting a convex and concave to work in the small compass occupied in the revolution of these wheels must be allowed by all, more especially when the one has to be made to fit the other at a distance of one hundred miles, and it not unfrequently hap- pens that, owing to a roughness on the edges, an uneven pressure is for a time the result; but as I have before said, one of the firm having superin- tended the manufacture of these wheels, they are no sooner in than work proceeds as glibly as if they had been weeks at it. In my next I shall be able to give the results of some very good looking quartz, from Taradale and Bendigo, now undergoing and awaiting crushing. At the junction of the Long and Ironbark Gul- lies a large number of Chinese are at work. These industrious fellows seem to be on better terms with the miners than they have ever before been on this goldfield, and are taking higher flights,or more properly deeper ones in sinking and purchasing puddling machines. We may expect to see them at work in our quartz reefs next. 