ELECTRIC COMMUNICATION WITH AMERICA. The following interesting statement is extracted from the Cork Constitution .- — "Lying at anchor off Queenstown, for the last few days, may have been observed a small, un sightly, ill painted, rusty bottomed screw steamer, without one point oi attraction about her, except the stars and stripes fluttering in the breeze. Yet that boat and some of the officers she contains have been the world's wonder for a season, and have just now completed a task which is the fore runner of an event more wonderful still. The Arctic was the vessel that was sent to rescue Dr. Kane, who had been previously, sent to rescue Franklin. She was successful, and brought home Dr. Kane and his crew, who had been obliged to abandon his ship and search. She was then a light ship on the American coast. She is now the bearer of Lieutenant Strain, of Darien notoriety, and Captain Berrihian, who has hefore, and has now again, crossed from Newfoundland to take sound ings of the whole Atlantic from St. John's to Va lencia, with a view to ascertain the probable suc cess with which a telegraphic cable may be laid between these points. The result is satisfactory. For some 50 or 60 miles from St. John's, and again on this side, is a bank varying from 25 to 120 fathoms. Between these, there is a plateau nearly level, the bottom soft, composed of shells so fine that only the microscope can discover them, each shell perfect in its minute beauty, proving the absence of currents at the bottom, and -(with deference to Stephenson and others) the want of that vast pressure which was to be so dreaded, and exhibiting at every point not only a capacity, but the most perfect capacity, for the very use for which it is required. The whole ap paratus for arriving at these facts is most perfect. Steam power, separate from that of the ship, works the axle from which the sounding line is ' paid out.' Soundings have been taken to the depth of 27,000 fathoms. By a neat contrivance, each sounding shows not only the depth, hut the nature of the bottom, which' is brought up in five quills, and the temperature of the water, the latter being given by the expansion or contraction of metallic spiral ribbands placed around a centre pin, fixed at the top, and attached at the bottom to a needle and indicator, the latter remaining fixed after the former has ceased to act, showing exact variation between the surface and the bot tom. Most careful drawings have been made by Mr. Van Den Berg (to whom has been arsigned the special post of draughtsman) ol the soundings, showing a profile of the bottom of the sea with the greatest accuracy. "There can be no doubt that telegraphic com munication between Ireland and St. John's, a dis tance of 1640 geographical miles, may be regarded as a certainty. It is in the hands of a small Ame rican company, but though small, if its members possess but a tithe of the energy of their represen tative, Mr. Cyrus W. Field, who is also here mak ing every enquiry, it will be enough to overcome every difficulty. Capl.Berrimnn laughs at laying the cable. He asks but a ship large enough, and he will undertake to do it at ten tniles an hour right across. The company have already obtained the sole grant for erecting telegraphs through Newfoundland, and have already some 1700 miles at work, or will have in a few days, in connection with the American lines. The difficulties and trials of temper in taking these soundings have been tremendous. .Repeatedly, after paying out tens of thousands of fathoms of line, and getting all up within some sixty or eighty, it was snapped and all had to be done again. Sixoreight hours have been occupied in getting one sounding only, and these have been made nearly every half de gree the whole way across. From the captain to the cabin boy, each has given his willing aid. No- trouble was thought too much — no time too long, each appeared to feel the honor of hi3 nation at stake, and proud in every way to advance the ob ject in view. They have done their work well. Nature has granted all we could ask ; art will soon do its part, while nature, science, and art, worked out by man's hand, will produce one grand whole to benefit mnnkind." Routine. — A Story of the War,— The pair of fur gloves had cost the sum of 2s lid, and had been the innocent cause of more waste of official paper than possibly the merchant bed expended in the transaction of purchasing ten thousand pounds' worth of them ; fur be it known, in the first place, that the piercing north-east winds swept down this valley in stieh keen and biting blasts, that, to prevent frost- bites, it became necessary for officers and men to fortify them selves with these "warm gloves. One pair was demanded by an officer ; the requisition was duly drawn up and - signed according to the necessary form, and -then this requisition commenced its somewhat long and erratical journey. The order for the gloves of the value of 2s lid was first for warded to the regimental quarter-master; it was then sent to the Colonel of the regiment for his endorsement ; from him it went to the Brigade Major, who transmitted it to the assistant quarter-master general, and thence it reached the quarter master general at head quarters. From him the order came back to the quarter -master general of division, then through the brigade major to the colonel of the regiment, who directed the quarter-master of the regiment to send it to the quarter-master general atBalaklava, when the gloves were issued, and at length they came back to the officer who made the application 1 the order having thus travelled the distance of 30 miles and four-fifths, all for the value of 2s lid, London Mission of the Agapemone.— On Friday, the 26th ult., two members of the . Agapemone, near Bridge water, appeared at , the . , Hanover Square Rooms, London, according to tlieir ad vertisement, "for the purpose of publicly making known the testimony of what the Lord Jesus has done to redeem the earth." The large room was densely crowded. Two respectably dressed men, having nothing peculiar in their attire or appear ance, spoke to the meeting, one after another, arid urged the' claims of their leader, "Brother Prince," to be regarded as the inspired author of a new re velation. They observed that some persons had been so foolish as to say that his followers re garded Mr. Prince as God, or the Messiah, or as the Holy Ghost ; but God forbid . that anyone, . either in foolishness, or in wickedness, should ever say such a thing. Brother Prince was by nature a child of wrath, but he had been made by grace a vessel of mercy. Some eleven years ago the Holy Ghost fulfilled in , Brother | Prince all that he came to be and to do, as the spirit of the gos pel dispensation emptied Brother Prince entirely of self, destroyed in him all personal conscious ness, all independence, all knowledge of himself, and thus the Holy Ghost became the life of his body, and was enabled through him to carry on the pnrpose for which Christ came on earth. The audience at this statement evinced much disap probation and disgust; and some petsons cried out that it was gross blasphemy, and worse than Mor- monism. The speaker, who seemed quite imper turbable, and who calmly surveyed the meeting through a single glass jauntily stucic on ins eyr, proceeded to allude to a second spiritual manifes tation, which, he said, occurred at the Agate- mone about five years ago, in which case the ple- nomenon was exhibited in the person of a \von»n, a prophetess, " not privately, but in the prespce of us all." Some of the expressions made up of by the speaker to describe this transaction fe re probably misunderstood by many of his hetfers, for they interrupted him indignantly, and a./ last stopped him by a general howl of execution. The strangers, who preserved their impassi-e de meanor, then retired from the room ; uponwhieh Mr. Newman, apparently a working man rose, and denounced the doctrines and practicetof the Agapemone as impious. He moved as a resolu tion that the statements which had been tjade by the two persons from the platform that ivening were contrary to common sense, degrtling to humanity, and blasphemous towards lid. The resolution was carried with acclamaion, and amidst vociferous cheers. A Serjeant .'of police then stepped forward, and good humocdly said " Now, gentlemen, the meeting is over" nnd the proceedings terminated.- The efforts ra.de by the Princites have aroused considerable o position in Bridgewater, near which their " Aboth of Love " is situated, and resolutions have b|en carried their condemnatory of the institution. Raised in Dignity for Raising a Ship. — The Dutch at Batavia, during the war, feared the English cruisers too much to send me of their own ships on the annual voyage to Japan. They therefore more than once hired American vessels. One of these having taken in' at Dezina the usual cargo of camphor and copper, as she stt sail in the night, struck upon a rock in the hatbour, filled and sunk. The crew reached the shote in boats, and the authoritiss of Nagnski, the Dutch factory, and the American captain, were all alike concerned to devise means of raising the vessel. Japanese divers were sent down to fetch up the topper, but the camphor had dissolved, and the effluvia thus disengaged cost two of the divers their lives. The idea of unloading her was then abandoned. Efforts were then made to raise her as she was, but without success. A simple fisherman, named Kieyemon. who nuw perhaps for the first time in his life saw an European built ship, for he did not live in Nagaski, promised to raise the ship, pro viding his mere expenses in doing so were paid: if he did not succeed he asked nothing. He was laughed at by the people for his presumption, hut as the case was hopeless, those interested permitted him to make the attempt. At low tide he fastened on either side of the vessel fifteen or seventeen boats, such as those hy which the Dutch ships are towed in, and connected them altogether firmly by prows and stays. He then waited for a spring tide, when he came in a Japanese coasting vessel, which he attached firmly to the stern of the sinking ship, and at the moment when the tide was highest, he set every sail on every boat. The sunken vessel was lifted, disengaged herself from the rock, and was towed by the fisherman to the strand, where she could be unloaded and repaired. Fraissinet says he was amply rewarded for this The reader will be amused to learn thathis reward consisted in bring allowed to wear two sabres, (which is the badge of elevated rank), and to bear as his coat of arms, a Dutch hat and two Dutch tobacco pipes. Insolosnt Clergyman. — At the last sitting of the Lancaster Insolvent Court before John Addison, Esq., the Rev. Arundel Verity, late incumbent of All Saints, Habergham Eaves, near Burnley, came up for judgment, the case having been adjourned twice previously. He was supported by Mr. M Oubrey, and opposed by Mr. Simon, on behalf of the Rev. -Mr. Leming, his late curate. Mr. Simon said his grounds of opposition were that the insolvent preached a sermon on the 18th of May, 1855, in ilia church, All Saints, Habergham Eaves, on behalf of the Patagonian missions, and afterwards appropriated the amount of the collec tion to his own purposes ; and that he received £150 from the Church Missionary Society partly as salary in advance and partly for his outfit. The insolvent replied that he had expended more than £120 in the purchase of the necessary tools and implements ; but the judge expressed a doubt as to that statement. Mr. M'Oubrvy replied upon the case, and produced highly favorable testimonials as to the previous conduct and character of the insolvent. His Honor, in making a final order, said the case was one of the most extraordinary and painful that had ever come before him. The insolvent had given evidence before a bankruptcy commissioner, regarding the receipt of £350 from Mr. Turner, a bankrupt, in which he stated that that money was a loan which had been reptid to him by Turner. The commissioner, however, disbelieved the evidence of the insolvent, and <li- ' rccted the official assignee to bring an action against him for the £350. A verdict was on a first trial returned l'or the defendant, but on a second trial it went against hitn, and he was there upon lodged in prison, at the suit of the official assignee, for the amount ofthe verdict and the costs. The bankrupt (Turner) in whose estate the insolvent was mixed tip, was his father-in law; and it might be that Mr. Turner, finding himself a bankrupt, had made n purse fbr himself, and had entrusted the money to the keeping of his son-in-law, the insolvent. The insolvent had also been charged with receiving two sums of £10 ami £50, towards the erection of a public parson age, and with subsequently applying them to his own purposes. His account was, that the money had .been subscribed for a private residence ; and he had made out n list of names, with a view to show that he had received various suras for the erection of a parsonage, from his relatives and friends. He (his Honor) believed -the sums that were placed opposite to their names were fictitious, and had no existence, except in the imagination of the insolvent There was n further charge against him, of misappropriating the amount of the collections, after the sermon on behalf of the Patagonian missions, arid of retaining £6 5s., the funds of a sick society, in existence among his parishioners, of which he was the founder. There was likewise the fact of receiving £150 from the Patagonian mission fund, which he had not act counted for in the schedule. He had abandoned the idea of going to Patagonia, nnd had after wards gone to tiie Crimea, for which he had pur chased complete outfit amounting to £66, which was still unpaid. Among his debts was one of £26 for wines, and he had contracted many other? by way of loans, fur which tie had given personal security. Taking into consideration all the cir cumstances, therefore, and remembering that two others had been brought before that court through acting as his sureties, he (the judge) felt bound, although with great pain, considering the insol vent's abilities and station of life, to remand aim for.J« monthr, 