AN OFFICIAL SHAM. When Charles the Twelfth, the " mighty mad man," was intreated by his Councillors to give up war, return to Stockholm, and guide them with his advice, he very pleasantly sent them a pair of his military jack-boots. This clumsy joke, perpetrated by a man, not much accustomed to joking, serves us very well, at the present moment, to show that the contempt of Colonial Governors for Councils, and Councillors, is, at all events, not in want of a " historical parallel." Most of our readers probably have some dim notion of the existence of an Executive Council —a Council in which, we had always imagined, the affairs of the colony were perpetually under going some excruciating process of subtle reason ing and hard logic. But this, it turns out, is altogether a fallacy. Not ouly is there no such reasoning; no such logic; but, save in the imagination of the Clerk there is in reality no such Council. That official certainly believes in a Council, as many people do in ghosts and witches; he even ventures to assert that the Council, like the sacred geese of the ancients, are for ever sitting. But as to ever having seen the mysterious body—that he does not vouch for. The following is a portion of this officer's evidence taken by the Select Committee on the Estimates:— What is the usual mode of arriving at the decisions by the Executive Council?—The subject matter for dis cussion having been submitted; and the opinions of the members having been given, a final resolution is adopted.. but I do not know whether that is the exact answer to* the qusstion. Do the members of the Executive Council meet to discuss questions, or do they, without meeting, express written opinions upon them?—They meet: but usually only on special occasions The ordinary course of busi ness is, by the transmission of the minutes from one member to another through the clerk. The object of the Council to the Governor is thus attained, that of a Council of Advice, his Excellency adopting a final resolution after perusing the minutes of the members. When documents are sent round, seeing that it is very probable that each member will differ in some particulars, how do you arrive at the resolutions which Sm record in your book ?—I think the question is irly answered by my preceding answer, namely, bjr the decision the Governor arrives at, on perusal of tl>e minutes of the Members of Council. Then you, in tact, enter the Governor's decision on •11 subjects after he has read the written opinion and advice of the different members on the subject!— Exactly, and after having entered the minutes of the members. Will you read the 19th clause in the instructions ?— " And we do hereby direct and enjoin that your said Council shall not proceed with the despatch of busi ness, unless duly summoned by your authority, and unless two members at the least, exclusive of yourself or the members presiding be present, and assisting throughout the whole of the meeting at which any such business shall be despatched." Is that instruction complied with ?—To the very letter of the law, I think not; but in spirit, it is. I would further add, that I think, that supposing a case in which two members only were present, and the clerk (being sworn to do his duty faithfully), taking the opinion of those two members to the other members of Council—such resolutions of the Council would be practically valid when assented to and signed by such members. Bxt you appear to enter into your books as proceed ings of. the Executive Council, meetings and delibera tions which do not take place in accordance with the Royal Instructions !—I would with deference observe, the Royal Instructions are inadequate to the case. The Executive Council, in my opinion, is alWays sitting. The transmission of papers for reference to other officers of Government, as the Crown Lawyers, Land Office, Commissioner of Crown Lands, &c..; in addition to the member's ordinary work, as I before mentioned, would prevent the performance of the whole of the duty at the Council Board. This explanation clears tip one doubt which hitherto has never ceased to perplex our minds. Wc have never before been able to account for the fact that, whenever the Government members have to express their views in the Legislative Council, they are invariably opposed to one another. This, we had imagined, was the result of some secret policy, but now it appears the simple reason is, that the members of Government have never an opportunity of learning what one ano ther's opinions are. They are a Council that never meet—a body that is always separated. In faet, to all intents and purposes, tho Execu tive Council is altogether a hollow sham. 