LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. Benevolent Asylum. — Madame Bishop's Co.v Ceht. — On Thursday evening the Exhihition Building was re-oponed, oa the completion of extensive repairs, which havo occupied many weeks, — the occasion, Madame Anna Bishop's presentation concert in aid of tho building fund of the Bonevolcnt Asylum. Wo very much regretted to find the attendance meagre in comparison to some wo have seen there on similar occasions. Scarcely moro than seven hundred persons were present, but they all seemed to enjoy themselves thoroughly, and to appreciate tho deserving efforts of tho vocalists. Possibly Mr Brooke's ' Hnmlet ' at tho Theatre Royal, and Suss Harland's 'Lucia,' at Our Lyceum, had something to do with the paucity of at tendanco; perhaps, also, from tho fact of tho pro ears. Tho selection of music was chiefly from tho operas of Lucia di Lamtnermoor, II Barbioro di Seviglia, La Sonnambula, LucreziaBorgia, Ernani, L'Elisir d' Amoro, and Fra Diavolo, and though it was unexcoptionably well sung, it foil comparatively dead for want of a full band accompaniment — even the exceedingly tasteful and brilliant pianoforte playing of Mr George Lodor, did not make up for tho deficiency. The band of tho 40th, under tho management of Mr Johnson, played with great brilliancy Adams's Overture to ' Giralda,' and Kreutzer's 'Das Naehtlager in Granada.' Madame Bishop, as usual, was entirely successful — now in her concerted pieces, now in her national ballads, — only wo could have wished on this occasion to have had some change from the wearisome repetition of ' Home, sweet homc,'.;&c.;, which, however well sung, fails to mtcrcit as they ought just on that account. In ' Oft in the stilly night,' Madame Bishop sang with infinite swentness, and elicited an enthusiastic encore, to which ehe readily responded. The difficult vocalilization in Guglielmi's air ' Gratias agiraua Tibi,' as a piece of fine execution, was quito unexceptionable, and Mr Loder's flute accompaniamont exceedingly correct and tasteful; but wo missed tho brilliant clarionet playr mg of Herr Lundberg, who so delighted us a few weeks ago by his accompaniment to Madame Bishop's Bulging of the samo air. The flute, as an in strument, is cvidontly too feeblo in its tone to prove adequate to the emergency. Laglaiso and Coulon, as usual, acquitted themselves with eutire suc cess: no doubt, however, they felt the want of s uch a band as that to which they havo latterly been accus tomed at tha Theatre Royal. His Excellency the Governor and. suite, and a large party of ladies, wero present, and placed at the eastern extremity of tho oval, where they had an excellent view of tho stage. Ihe fair Cailtatrir.i* wns in pvnfillnnf: vnip.p. nnrl vn peatedly encored. The honor of escorting her to and from the stage fell to the lot of James Purvcs, Esq. Messrs John Hodgson, M.L.C., and J. P. Fawkner, M.L.C., had been invited to attend for that purpose, Jjut previous engagements prevented their attendoneo. ?I ho latter gentleman accompanied his decliner by a douceur of five guineas, which was at once added to tne Asylum funds. Mai 1, Sun's. — In future, upon the arrival of mail f,h,1P3,Rrt tlle Heads, a large white flag, with the letters it. M. ' in tho centre, is to be hoisted at tho mast head on Flagstaff Hill, and kept floating for three I1OUI3. Theatre Royal. — Notwithstanding the counter attractions at tho Exhibition Building and Our Lyceum, a more than average house assembled to witness Mr G. V. Brooke's impersonation of Hamlet at the Theatre Iloy.il— its first production at this house since it Ciime under Mr Coppin's management. The evening's entertainments wound up with'the favorite farce of ' Mr and Mr3 Peter Whito,' in which Mr Coppin appeared. The ' Winter's Talo ' is to be re produced this evening and next. Wo hardly need urge upon our readers tho propriety of availing themselves of this dramatic and scenic treat, prior to its with drawal froni tho stage. Our Lyceum. — On Thursday evening '?' Lucia di Lammermoor ' was again performed by tho English Opera Company with increasing success. On Saturday the Bplendid opera of ' Maritana ' will bo produced for the first time in Melbourne Church op England Synod. — W. U. Tripp, Esq., solicitor, of Gertrude street, has accepted an invitation to be put in nomination as one of tho lay representa tives for St. Mark's, in the Church .Parliament con vened for October next by tho Bishop of Melbourne. Mr II. T. E. Piko has also consented to stand for the samo constituency in conjunction with Mr Tripp. Tho election takes place on the evening of Monday tho loth instant, in the boys' school connected with St. Mark's Church. Father Bauiiatt's Case. — Believing that there are many devout worshippers in tho community to which this gentleman belongs, we cannot contemplate without regret, tho painful exhibition of intemperance and haste, which he has furnished in the police court, this week. This time, the accusation docs not proceed from his enemies, but from members of his church, over whom he is supposed to exert a powerful influence. The merest tyro knows that on no subject is tho law jnorc tremendously severe, than on those who dnro to violate the sanctity of a place of worship ; and tho least intimation from the minister, that any person in the congregation, was so transgressing, would havo placed tho offender in the power of tho law, which its dispeu sjrs would have refused to execute at their peril. Father Barratt appears to misunderstand tho law of tho land, with reference to tho liberty of the subject, quito as much as he docs what is expected from him as a minister of the meek and holy one. lie spake with authority, and compelled vice, sin, and hypocrisy to tremblo in his presence-, but it was authority derived from internal purity, which nothing could resist, and the possession of moral power which nono of his op'pa iiuuut uuuiu u.iii ill i^uu^iiuu. j.i uuiusiuis ui iuugiuu, and ordinary individuals, wish to yield an influence at all proximating to that of the great teacher, they must subject thomselves to a similar courio of self denial, and endeavor to imitate in some humble way, his great example. — Miner's lliyht. The CoMixa Contests. — The course of politics, (like that of true love) never did run smooth. A few weeks ago and all seemed dull in the Western Province, as the Council was wont to be when considering its claims to a portion of the crumbs that remained, after those of the metropolis had been satisfied. But ' a change came o'er the spirit of its dream,' and for pro viuco, towns and countries, now candidates appear. Electors oven thought that five candidates could not bo procured for tho province. But lo! on tho Day of Nomination there were six. The Counties* of Villiers ncd Heytosbury sjomod given by popular consent to Messrs Dully and Knight. Knight passed away, but it appears wo are still 111 darkness, for tho ghost of another candidate appears, and has frightened tho sense out of John Allan, who already began to fancy himself a full-blown Legislator. The Warrnambool member will (it is said) havo to Horn un atagonist, and oven Mr Childers will become accus tomed to tho pvrils of electioneering, Evon Belfast will bo roused from her lethargy by a contest. Mr Beaver will come forward, and it is announced that in a few days wo will witness no loss strange a sight than that of ' Ireland in Belfast.' What a sight for Ulster men! And Pridham, alas! Poor Pridham ; who had grown big with expectation of Legislative honors, is doomed to disappointment. ' There's many a Blip 'twixt cup and lip,' exclaims Poor Pridham, as ho finds swift horses entering for tho race : for in his inno cdiico he fancied ho was the solo occupant of tho cour«o, and ho moved with all tho self compnsuro of a Donkey walking tho Derby. — Banner of lie/fast. 