GUYONG WESLYAN CHAPEL (From a correspondent) In accordance with a notice contained in the Bathurst Free Press, a meeting was held at Guyong, , on Tuesday afternoon the 28th of October for the purpose of laying the, foundation stone of a Weslyan Chapel. At the hour named about150 persons amongst whom it was most pleasing to observe many young people assembled around the site, which has been most kindly given by J. Nicholson, Esq. It is very pleasingly and suitably situated, near the road between Bathurst and Orange, on the Guyong estate. Tho Bov. Joseph Oram the much respected Superintendent of the Bnthurst Circuit commcnced the procthe proceedings by giving out a hymn, after wlich Mr. J. Parker of Bathurst Circuit, imade a very impressive prayer, .alluding more particularly to tho sacred object for which the building was intended. William Tom, Esq., ,of :Springfied then deposited .......... ...the following document and a coin of the realm ''The foundation Stone of Guyong New Weslyan Chapel in the Bathurst Circuit is being laid by Willliam Tom, Esqof Springfield,nm this the 28th dy of October, in the year of our Lord 1856 in the rein of Victoria Queen of tlhe British Empire and the Govermment of his Excellency Sir William Thomas Denison Knight, Governor General and Governor in Chief of the the Territory of New South Wales and ist dependancies and Vice-Admiral of the same ect ect Captain General aud Gorernor-m-Chief of the Territory of New South AValus and its doiien (loncics and Vicc-Ailmiral'of the sinm-, ifco., ,tc The Rev Joseph Oram, Superindendant of the Circuit. Jospeh parkes and Joseph Oram, Circuit stewards. He afterwards in duo form adjusted the founda tion stone in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, and trusted that the praver to be offered up in the chapel, would be a great means of bringing men's souls to God. The Rev. Mr Oram delivered a beautiful and affecting sermon, taking for his text : ' for the Son of man .is xxxxxx to save that which was lost.' His discourse was listened to with marked attention; the religious service concluded by singing and prayer. The meeting then adjourned to a tent where tea was provided. The interior was very grace fully decorated- with arches and garlands, which had a most pleasing effect. The young people who undertook the business deserve much praise for their tasteful arrangements. The tables were profusely supplied by Mrs. Richard Glasson, Mrs. William Bray, Mrs. Rowe and Mrs Thomas with tho good things of this life Full justice having been done to the repast , the various parties separated after passing a very pleasant, and it is to be hoped a profitable afternon. Many persons from Bathurst favoured the meet- ing with their presence , which together with the many happy and lovely faces of the gentle sex, gave the scene a most lively effect. Immediatly after the sermon, a collection was made , amounting; to £11 9s 7d and the sale of tickets tickets realized about £10, making altogether the creditable sum of £21 9s 7d. 