WHERE ARE THE " NINETY?" IFrom-the-Argué,-April iL) «- - Tims fur for tho '.'_Bovon wiso mpn/V wno,af prosoi hove it in tholr power so greatly.to influonco tho do tinlos of this colony, and who, if thoy can continuo' hold offioo, will havo so much in tholr power for son time, to oomo. , . .. . ? .. . Wo prosnmo that ns far as they aro oonoornod wo hai mada ourselves sufficiently undorslood. Wo shou regret to And tho now Councils mooting without Mossr Haines,. Stawell, Childors, and Clarko. AVo should 1 tiuito resignad to tho prosonoo of Messrs. Molesworth Pasley, and Sladon. Wo should, on tho other han ondoavour to hoar up against tho shook of, their nhsenc if thoy are fatod to ho absont. For roasons stated, \ should wish to soo tho Solioitor-Cionoral, Commission [ot Public Works, and Troasuror thero. Wo aro qui contented to give the various occupants of thoso office tho fair trial wo wish lo extend to everybody, and woul iiko to h'ava an opportunity of judging of thom _ wil greater caro in their " responsible" and moro individi al ¡Bod capacity, before wo von turo to congratulate the: -upon a groat success, or maleo up. our minds to condoi with them upon a great failure. Passing for tho present tho minor and unofficial ocoi pants of tho Ministerial honchos, wo turn to tho rcpr sentatiye - side.' And wo bogin, .of courso, with , M .O'shanassy-tho. Ajax. of tho Grecian army which fi well-nigh tho ton long yoars required by strict classici prooedont, has boon storming at tho gates of tho imprai tioablo Troy of misgovernment, extravagance, an monopoly. Wo do not think that tho colonists af Viotoria wi ever fully appreciate tho sorvicos whioh this gentloma has rendered her. Tho now-comor does not underBtan thom. Ho will not look hack, or read baok, ovor tho lon .and tedious detail of tho battles for tho popular causo i whioh this doughty champion has been a principal con batant. Hejudgos-perhaps disparagingly enough-c . tho progross of this colony towards being mado.what w still fondly hopo to soo it-tho bost-govornod country i the world. Dut he feels little inolined to study th efforts of those who havo triod to make it so-to force i . within a very fow years through a degree of progrès which.has usually occupied,tenfold tho timo. Ho wil , soarcoly believe that, whatovor tho ultimate success o ' tho.eflbrt to moko Victoria a well-govornod country, it i but yoatorday, as it' wore, that it was unquestionably on of tho worst- managed and most tyrannically treated c . all tho dependencies of Great Britain. What reward is thero for tho man who has stuck b, her through all tho critioal porlods of such a rapid); transitionally state as this ? Who, day by day-hour b; hour, has labored, and road, and thought ; dovoting timi '. and attention to thepublio wolfaro whioh,.applied to hi: private ends, might havo addod tons of thousands to hi .' worldly woallh-who has resisted tho fascinations of tin most exciting periods of tho gold discovery, and in dayi when scarcoly one of our merchants could teni himself a foot from his lodger-whon our squatter/ woro laboring heart and soul to enrich thcmsolvoi by tho perpetuation of an Infamous monopoly ' when publie spirit was not-when all reforms soomci ' hopeless-whon evorything tended to tempt tho aban donment of tho State ship, and when from tho on tin colony, with tho oxcoption of somo dozon of sturdj patriots, wont forth tho ory of " Eooh for himself,! "Put money in thy. purse";-what, wo ask, should b( tho reward of that man who, in times liko thoso, toileil steadfastly on ; was found oarly and late at his public dutios ; passod through tho flory ordoal of tho gold dis' covory with calm nervo and unquiokonod pulso ; and . unohockod at tho chcorloss prospect before him, un- daunted by tho defection of thoso classos which should havo rallied round him ; with ceaseless industry, incre- dible patlonco, and an undying confidonco in ultimate success, was contented to dovoto nearly his entire atton ' tion to tho welfaro of tho land» of his adoption, and thc advancement of tho public good ? What reward for services Uko these I Oh, ample roward. It is becoming tho fashion to disparage Mr. O'shanassy ; to assort that ho has passed tho calumniating point of his famo ami influence, and to prodict that ho will now havo to " pale his ineffectual fires" boforo tho brightor lights of tho postdiluvian ora I It is a remarkable fact that tho vory men who should havo borno a shnro in tho public burdons of days- like thoso, woro, and aro, tho vory first to depreciate and undervalue tho sorvices of those who havo donó tholr work. Suoh is tho tactic of your true manoy-crubbor I First to transfer tho burdon from his own shoulders, and then to sneer at and disparago him who consents to bear tho load. Tho amount of timo, deep study, and painful attention that Mr. O'shanassy and somo fow others who havo acted with him havo dovstcd to tho public sor vico-it is almost impossible to estimate. For flvo long sessions ho has boen found constantly in tho House ; he has sat upon innumerable solcct committees- filling up his aparo timo with suoh lighter recreations as Gold- field Commissions, Squatting Commissions, and drawing deep draughts from the bunt acknowledged sources of constitutional lnw. What tho country would havo be- come if ho and his small band of patriotic associates had joinod tho main body, and left things to tako caro' of themselves, it is simply impossible to imagine. And yet when wo, with tho warmest appreciation of all this, como calmly to consider tho subject of a com- petent reward for such sorvicos, we confess that wo find ourselves plumpod head-over-oars into a sea of difficul- ties. What object may wo prosuma has Mr. O'shanassy himself had ia view to cheer him ou in his arduous task 1 ? "Office" wo shall bo told, "high ofilco;? with nil its attendant sweets of iiiiluenco, prestige, and patronage." Lot us suppose this gentleman, than, duly onthroned in tho seat of power, 'vice Haines, sentenced ta transpor- tation t,o the hills.of Barrabool f Would tho tableau bo satisfactory? Would tho nrrangemont ba a lasting ono ? Would the. great hulk of tho pooplo of this, colony fool calmly, convinced that at longth tho groat object of the modern ' reformer was socurod, and that " tito right man in tho right placo".was found at last? Atas 1 no. Mr. O'shanassy as a principal leader on tho opposition honchos is ono thing, Air. O'shanassy as Chief Secretary would bo oltogothor another. As popular roprosentativo no ono has thought flt to attack him, ito throw out imputations on his motives, to distort and misrepresent his acts. Such disparagement as came his way has been of a sort of passivo or negativo quality, arising, partly from jealousy, partly from spite, partly from a disposition to doproclate that in tho' securing of which tho disparager has had no sbaro. But lot Mr. O'shanassy once tako office, and upon his dovoted head will rapidly pour such a storm, compounded of distrust, imputation, and gonornl opposition, as would rather shako tho norvos of ono whoso path has hitherto boon comparatively peaceful. Mr. O'shanassy is a llomnn Catholic, and what is equally considered a very bigoted ono. At particular timos ho is arrostod in au otherwiso consistent nnd liberal career by somo subjeot in which his religious con- victions dash with thoso which, apart from ruliglon, ho would bo likely to adopt. To thoso who havo ovory disposi- tion to judgo him fairly, and to make no ungonerous uso of tho wookor points of his position, thoro has nlwnys boon something downright startling in tho paralysing effect upon a generally vory sturdy and masaullne nature, of ono littlo forefinger hold up warningly by a worthy pld gontloman somewhoro in the latltudo of Romo. ; It is then that tho statesman orumhlos into tho sectarian ; and deop, sinooro and hearty convictions in matters of faith aro found to conflict fatally with tho domands of political progross. ^It is through tho gap prosontctl at this weak part that the tldo would rush, which wo foar would bo too powor ful for Mr, O'shanassy to stem. Mon will not troublo themselves to soaroh out painfully tho particular points whioh would appear to Justify distrust; they will not BUbmlt to havo tholr vigilance always on tho alort to rcconcilo Contrarieties, and to assuro themselves, amidst ,Booming disoropanalas, that . they nra safe.. Bigots of tho opposite, aldo will always bu ready to liston and boliovo. It is difficult-it is imposslblo to know whoro and when tho politician ylolds to tho religionist ; and public attention will not brook being always on tho watch. It is not that upon a thousand points Mr. O'shanassy will not bo considered rolinblo, mit how are pooplo to dotoot tho thousnnd-nnd-flrst t If tho seventh bullet of Caspar and Rudolph had boen duly marked and labollod, tho hunter would havo boen quito «afo with tho othor six. With rospoot to tho woll-kuown gontlemnn who onjoyod suoh orodlt for vornolty that it was admitted one half of what ho said might bo bolluvod, tho difficulty nroso ns to willoh half was tho ono to ba BO favoured, and BO moro than a shado of sunplolon fell upon tho whole So singularly-so Intimately, and yot . flo inharmoniously, . blended aro tho peculiar roligious convictions of Mr. O'shanassy with lils political linpros Jlons, that it ls simply imposslblo for any mind dir. forontly constituted from his own to undorstnnd him. No man knows whoro tho light shadow of tho foro-flngorat Roma may full aorasshls path. ls lt upon our olootornl Bystom? Ahom I Tho Haiku! Is it upon our cduontlonal system)1 Doiiomtnntlonallsm I Is it endowment of religion ? Many of his iiolghbaurs Will sayi tho flfty-thousatul-pound olausooftho Oumul, union Aotl And thus throughout tho plooo. Tho lianqito.llko ghost of lils roligious superior glldos noross las sight, and in an instant tho strong ami determinad man of ilia world dwarfs to tho moro sootary. In tal« sketch of tho pooullar dilllaultloa of Mr. O Shanassy's position, wo aro not stating our own cou violions no inuoh ns thoso which wo know will notunto ino main body of this pooplo. Hy olono and dispassionate observation wo havo loarnt tolerably to estlamte Afr. O'Sbanassy's disposition, and could fearlessly Bot about tho. task of separating tho occasional ovils, consequent upon his peculiar position from tho'vast amount of good which ho -is r'capablo of performing.' Hut tho publlo generally will not tako this trouble. Thoy havo their own afluirá to attond to, and grudgo moro than tho most summary attention to publio business. Still thoy must ho safo-oh, very safe. Nobody insists moro upon this than your ultra raonoy-grubbor ; and if that safety bo not assured and palpable, your capitalist looks up his coffers, your merchants grumble, and your pooplo clnmour. Thoy aro contontod to uso Mr. O'shanassy as their instrument in opposition, and to invost him with some power and authority. Hut if ho accept ofllco wo fear that bo would bo tho victim of such an nvalanoho of distrust, obloquy, and misrepresentation as* no publio man could long withstand. . »A cheerless prospect for a truo patriot, wo shall bo told, to work.for ovor, but to work in vain I A hard caso that a vory able man'should expond tho best efforts of tho best years of his lifo in tho publio servicie, without any chanco' of gratifying an honourable ambition, or having tho opportunity of practically applying in a direot form tho ideas of government, ofwhicil years of atten- tive study have proved tho soundness! But it is with tho deepest convictions of tho usefulness of Mr. O'Sha nnssy's caroor, and with feelings of; tho warmest grati- tude for tho services ho has rendered us and every man hero, that wo have weighed the probabilities of his future. It is bocauso as a Bimplo representativo ho succcods so woll, .while as a principal official his success would bo so doubtful, that wo feel convinced how a sound policy, and a calm conviction of tho natura of real greatness, should lead him to " rather boar thoso ills ho has, than fly to othors that ho knows not of." It may' seem hard that tho truo patriot should bo debarred tho Sossossion of tho prizo for which ho may have strugglod. ut tho primo test and trial of tho patriot, if true, is self sacrifico after all-tho morging of all private interest in tho publio good-'tho cherishing of that glorious thought, as ho looks back,upon his career,.which onablos him to say " I ara neither rioli, nor great, nor famous ! But, thank Qod! . I havo. boen enabled to ba useful to my kind." . As to Mr. O'Shanassy's position in tho coming elections, it would say little for tho pcoplo of this colony if they did not placo him at tho head of tho poll for what- ovor constituency ho may chooso to offer himsolf. "Wo speak of any 'of tho larger or more popular constituencies, Did ho seek tho suffragos of tho Jloocy voters of tho Wimmora, or tho fat bullocks of tho Murray or tho Loddon, wo should neither bo surprised nor mortified if ho woro defeated by a Taylor, a Goodman, or a Murphy. _. 