SELECT POETRY. SEBASTOPOL. she sat upon the shore, And looked defiance from her hundred guns, When France and England's warrior sons Came the blue waters o'er. "Twas harvest in the land ; 'Mid peaceful farms find piled sheaves, And clustering; grapes, and autumn leaves, They leapt upon the strand To meet the foe they rushed ; On Alma's slopes they tied the vine Faith drank the Hotel mingled wine From JVoath's red v tillage crushed. Before her granite walls 'They came, and back her proud defiance hurled, And their brave boast ning through the world a' Oppression's stronghold falls !" The stored times of old With battle and with siege are rife, But this prolonged, gigantic strife Mocks all that hath been told. Immortal fields of light Those fiercely Icngucred walls surround Each took a bloody battle-ground, River, and vale, and height. There, on the plain below, Contending as miles gazed and hold their breath, While England's horsemen rode to death As for a martial show. There, on our sleeping host, Through mist the fools dark recesses hole, Eliz-st wave on wave, like thunder roll ' Of breakers on the coast. As mists before the sun are scattered up the vale at morn, that day behold them backward borne And Inkermann was won I And oft the silent night, With all her train of stars, would seem to flee, Willie flashed upon the dreaming sea Destruction's baleful light. Like suns to darkness hurled, With their first Moro the sum oil's Hash Flamed out, and there was crash on crashes of n i ending world Yet Freedom's hopes grew pale, As sunk the brave and quailed the bold ; For " who can stand before His cold " to the senders forth the hail 7 Anibnimics low- were laid, And in the Silent Land, 'and thronging ghosts, 'The Leader met his vanished hosts, With Hun the strife who made. 'Leaders and legions gone, Irish leaders and fresh legions rose ; And hosts were slaughtered of the foes, And other hosts came on for many a warlike horde, from fertile plains and northern snows, As far as Don and Volga flows, To the doomed city poured. From wife and mother torn, The hills serf, rooted to his native soil, Is summoned from his sluggish, toll, of ' And to the war-Holds borne. He fainted by the way, Yet on the marching columns haste- , Across the wide and weathering waste Their trampling sinks away. As the young peasant dies He sees his river gleam again, His low but on the grassy plain Manda In his swimming eyes-. , , Crimean gales along Tillcmnia loved her icy Ibis unsealed, To her wild flowers, by wood and field, , r She sang her summer song. On plains of peace after Evered the grape and waved the grain, And I was bar yesterday again ' On Maids unscathed by war. And, glimmering in the dawn Of autumn morn, Tchcrnala flows A gentle river between fouR lil battle pained him. Sections her thanks the dead Lay heaped/and mangled corpses choked the stream Xo moriiingJtlouuVrctle'ctoil gloom I 'J Those Jinnijll! Ig streaks, of red, , and thrice the foot advance, Among the bridge this! charge they fly ; '1 triumphs the hope of Italy ' ' J,. Witt England and with France. yctstilltlib fortress frowned " i Hillanco on-the fierce attack," is . And hurled -the bleeding columns back dim towers iron bound. city The death grape sterner grow, A lighter field" the deadly serpent twines ; Till vaulting from the close- drawn lines, They storm her strength anew. A rush I-they reach the walls, i Or through the wheeling deaths advance, says', glory to the King of' France I , The mighty stronghold falls ! And darkness to the skies In held her roof forsaken Home, Xnd fires with suicidal aim from her proud deeks arise. " '. Cities to horse power has fled, And from whom crowns and thrones have MILE away, Yet It milddustro in decay From their past glories shed. \- But not to thee belong Ihtirglories-tionooEthoMraro thine. Shylie learning, art div lue, ? Immortal unionist sang-. 'These, are their sun went down,- . * ' . '; . Hurdler this world bcitlgnantrays- ., I see but the lightning's lurid blaze.-- . , Time Fall tliysolercnown. ISA, IN " SCOTSMAN.' 