PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. PRUSSIA SHUT OUT. If Prussia, past all debate, is to be finally shut out from the conference chamber in Paris, we trust that the allies, in mere humanity, will permit Prussia to take a chair in the passaee. Courtesy, too, Kay dictate the audition oi a tame, ana mereupon a doiuc ot wine md corkscrew. A ilAGKTFICENT OPFEB. John Mitchcl, Irish patriot by trade, in a recent speech in America,' promised an army of 40,000 armed Irishmen to invade Ireland at their own expense I' They will be embodied as the 'Beady-money Bangers.' KTJSSIAN TRADE EEPORT. It is confidently rumoured that the present head of the house of Romanoff intends no longer to carry on the business on the same principle as that which was pur sued at such a ruinous loss by his late father. Report atatesjthat his foreign transactions, especially those with Turkey, will be arranged on an entirely new system, and that his attention will mainly be given to the domestic aud internal affairs of the concern. Ample scope is of fered to him for greatly extended operations in the ex port trade, particularly as regards tho articles of corn, linseed, tallow, hemp, hides, bristles, and caviare. If Alexander will really confine his aims to the cultivation and sale of Russian produce, there is no doubt whatever that he will find his profit infinitely greater than any that either his predecessors or himself have hitherto realized, besides being unattended with that frightful risk which he has had too good reason to see is incurred in the prosecution of more ambitious enterprises. FACT FOE THE PEACE SOCIETY. The other day we heard a fine little boy, aged about three years, who was running about tbe house with a tin sword in one hand and a toy rifle in the other, express - his young idea of the present state of things, by thus singing, to the tune of ' Pop goes the Weasel' — ' Up and down Sebastopol, In and out the ocean; Every time a gun goes ofT, Down falls a Russian !' Bather another thing, this, than ' Let dogs delight,' my friends, isn't it? A better thing, too, just now, my calico friends. Tyrtasus for Dr. Watts at present!— if Tyrtams were wanted, which he happily is not. See, my peace-makers, what a spirit your peace-breakers have excited among us, both old and young— observe how young. They have not only aroused the British lion, but the British lion's cubs. Goon, frie-ds; praise, ex cuse, defend your peace-breakers, and blow up the tire which they have kindled, if it wants blowing, which — now that babes are singing nursery rhymes about their slaughter and destruction — seems hardly necessary. OH', GEMINI.' In foreign politics though equals, quite, Are Bright and Cobdeii, Cobdcn isn't Bright ' aULTBOTOXIAl. AIXIAXCES.' The world— that is, that part of the world best worthy of homage and consideration— have become tired of 'giving and taking- in marriage.' They very properly refine upon the act, and therefore redeem it from the vulgaritj into which it has lapsed by its familiar treat ment. John Jenkins is about to take Mary Jones for his wife, Thomas Brown intends to marry Susan Smith, and this is all very well ; they are mere flesh of clay, and so may become flesh of flesh; they ore made of framework of mere bones, and may therefore bo bone of one another's bone. It is otherwise, however, as we as cend the primrose way of Mayfair. There it ceases to be vulepr marriage; the chain is so beautifully wreathed with flowers (never mind if they are artificial) that it never rattles. Docs Lord Grateswell take the Hon. Miss Wospoint for his wife? By no means. The fashionable world is never outraged by so rude, so vulgar an announcement of the coming event. The ca tastrophe is thus delicately hinted : — 'We understand that Lord Grateswell is about to form a matrimonial alliance with the Hon. Miss Was paint.' Were the parties engaged as partners at whist, the engagement could scarcely sound less ominous. A ma trimonial alliance ! Why, the words do not sound like the marriage-tie; but have a nobility, a alippcriness, that slides off like a running knot. And there is no doubt that the new phraseology is all to nothing tho best. We think so well of it, that we are only anxious to improve it. Thus, whcrefoie should Lord Grateswell introduce his wife as ' Lady Grateswell ?' Why, rather, should he not present her as 'My Matrimonial Ally?' By the way, arc these alliances to be considered offeii sivc or defensive ? Or both ? CRAFT IS DOCK. The French have blown up one of the grand Scbas topol basins. What a pity that the criminal originators of the war were not tken in their right place — the Dock. AX EMPEROR'S RIGHT 1IAKS. Oaths are edged tools, apt to cut those very badly who rashly handle them. Do we not remember that, even ere Nicholas was consigned to the cathedral o Petcr-and-Paul, his spn, the Emperor Alexander, in solemn council with his Russian statesmen and nobles, declared it to be his unalterable purpose to follow unshrinkingly the policy of Catherine and his father; and further, did he not 'wish that his right hand might be withered, if that hand should ever sijm any treaty of peace by which any portion of holy Russia should be ceded to an enemy ?' Very certain we are, there is no gainsaying this. Aud now is Alexander to sign this iatal piece of parchment Let us, then, in his affliction— with so terrible a calamity impending ?vcrhim, provoked by h's own rashness— let us then, as forgiving ChristianB, pray that the right hand of Alexander may not be ^stricken, but, spared in its strength, may for all future time keep itself pure and sweet from blood. VERY 'nOLXOW' OF DENJfARK. His Majesty of Denmark has made it known by pro clamation to his loving subjects, that his morganatic marrige with the Countess Danncr shall for ever remain left-handed — a decree which clcarlv prevents tho unfortunate wife from getting on the right side of her husband. (Very mean of Denmark.) AGRICULTURAL HINT TO GOVERNMENT. Cultivate your Swedes. CONVERTIBLE TER3JS. Since the mockery of the Maine Law, it is no longer said in America or a drunken man that 'lie is in a shocking state of liquor ;' but ' Ho is in a frightful State of.Mainc.' TIIE VEItT BEST GTJKVTltTCK, Changing ' Old Brown Bess' into a Jlinie Bine. ' T1TE TRAVELS OF TBT/Tn. ? Tlie (iriitid Duke Constantino has thrown nil the nival departments of Russia into a state of consterna tion, by demanding of their functionaries reports that 'shall contain the naked truth, without any attempt to eloss over defects and mismanagement,' The naked truth in Kossia 1 Has the man no sense of the frightful severity of tho climate? How long-, in such a latitude, can naked truth^bc expected to survive the- exposure? WiU not truth, if sufficient strength remain to her, make for a milder atmosphere? Who knows? In her desperation she may fly towards Austria. Poor thing ! Wlat there avraila the nakedness of truth? Why, no better covering than a petticoat of Concordat — a wretched, flimsy thing that all the tYinds of heaven hiss and whistle through. Perhaps, then, truth will take to her heels, and fly to Prussia ; and there she will, at least, find a refuge, a welcome, and a good wooden petticoat beside in a cask of Rlicnish. In vino vcritas ; and there it is that King Clicquot delights to honour her, But Russian truth is not yet so put to it, She will still remain so thickly muffled up in bearskin that where -Bruin begins and truth ends, where truth commences and Bruin finishes, will, for many a long day yet, puzzle the casuists. EXTREME INTOLERANCE OF LIGHT. It is said that King Bomba has forbidden the appiica tion of photography in his dominions. Opposed as Bomba is to the operation of intellectual light, it hardly conceivable that he should be such a bat, such an owl, such an altogether nocturnal creature, such an adorer of absolute darkness, as to interfere with the agency of tbe actnal rays of the sun. LEGAL LOGIC. Zavyer (to hi- Client) — The case is just this. Youi conduct has obliged the plnntifls to take proceedings to prevent your doing a great wrong, and having defended yourself until it seems pretty certain that, in the end, their light will overcome your supposed might, you now wish to withdraw from the contest, and settle with them. Client— 1 wish to settle the thing, but they say it can only be done upon payment of costs. Laayer — Which is but just: you have occasioned the cests they have been put to, and, ergo, you must pay the piper. Clitnt— Why, you might as well say in the war squab ble case, that the English and French Governments ought not to settle with Bussia without 'payment ol costs!' Zatct/et— In principle that case is directly in point, and on all fours with yours — ergo, according to legal logic, Bussia certainly ought to pay the costs. I will thank you for six shillings and eightpeuce. A LITERARY TRIUMPH. Sckhe. — Chambers somewhere in the Temple. Tom — I say, Jim, hand us down those two volumes ol Macaulay's 'History of England.' Jim — Don't bother; I'm looking for the backgammon board. Tom— Well, you ignoramus, that's the very thing 1 Jim— Why, it used to be Hume and Smollett ? Tom— Precisely; but don't you know that Hume and Smollett are out of date, and that Macaulay is all tbe game now. That is why I have promoted the old trump to the backgamnion-board. It will never do to be be hind-hand in one's history! Cut on. (Throwing.) Cinq ace! A DISTRESSED AGRICULTURIST. Landlord. ' Well, Mr. Springwhcat, according to tho papers, there seems to be a probability of a cessation of hostilities.' Tenant (who_ strongly approves of war prices). ' Goodness gracious 1 Why yon don't mean to say that there's any danger of Peace ! ' FRUIT OF A FAMILY PEAR-TREE. Some very serious and equally comical letters on the 'Dignity of Baronets' have of late appeared at inter vals in the Morning Post. The writer is.Sir It. Broun— an ^enthusiastic vindicator of the privileges of his order. This gentleman informs us that he has been at great pains to enforce the claim of the elder sons of baronets to the title of knight during their fathers' lives ; having, before his own succession to the baronetcy, asserted it personally in tho face of the Horns Minister of the day, the Attorney and Solicitor General, said the College of Heralds, by presenting himself as a knight at Conrt. For this service, he says that tho associated baronets presented him with the ' insignia of an JEqitesAurafut,' which appear to have included a 'golden collar of SS.' Sir R. Broun calls this— justly no doubt— a splendid testimonial ; ' Which,' he adds — ' I hope may be on heir-loom in my family as long as has been that of the 'Colstoun Pear,' enchanted six centuries ago by my maternal ancestor, the Wizard Baron Hugh Gifford, of Ycster.' In some future communication to the Pott, it is to be hoped that Sir B. Broun will vouchsafe to throw a little necessary light on the rather dark and mysterious pas sage last quoted, which 'suggests several qutries. What kind of a pear is that enchanted ono of Colstoun? Having been 'enchanted' GOO years ago, the fact that it is still in existence proves it to be a preserved pear; but how preserved?— in syrup, or by sorcery? Has the pear been kept green all that while by magic? Or in whit else consists the enchantedness— to coin a word— of the pear which Sir R. Broun keeps, as if it were the apple of his eve? The Wizard Baron Hugh GuTord appears to have been the original Wizard of the North; and if Sir B. Broun can prove that Baron Gifford really enchanted a pear, he will utterly refute the claim to that title which has been put forward by Professor Andersan. When a gentleman talks of possessing an enchanted pear Eir centuries old, people are apt to suspect that, whatever any ancestor of his may have been, he himself is probably not amenablo to the charge of being a conjuror. Without pretending to that denomination ourselves, we, however, conjure our worthy baronet, mid champion of baronets, to ex pound his mystification touching the pear and the Wizard, as he values bis collar of SSn and does not wish to have tbe initial letter of the alphabet prefixed to that double one. 'salting' an invoice. When the JKetionaryof^ Commercial Slung comes to be written, ire hope the lexicographer will not forget to give due prominence to the word ' Salting,' which is used to describe a peculiar operation that is sometimes performed on 'the market.' Perhaps the following dialogue taken from the report of a trial in the Court of Exchequer will throw some light on the process : — ' On mtntioning one of the invoices the defendant alluded to the custom of ' salting' invoices as very preva lent at that time in the Australian trade. 'Mr. Bramwell— What do you mean by ?salting' an invoice? 'Witness— The price inserted in the invoice is not the true price given for the goods ; it is a larger one, and the goods in Australia are sold upon an advance upon the invoice price, 'Mr. Bramwell— The invoice, then, is shown to the customer, and he believes tha sum mentioned in it to bo the real price ? ' The Chief Baron— Is that so? 'A Juryman — Yes, my Lord; it was very common, I know. ' The Chief Baron— I think that in most criminal conrts that I am acquainted with that would be called obtaining money under false pretences. ' The Witness— My Lord, ths buyer has the goods to examine. It was the general custom. . ' The Chief B&roa; — I think it ray duty to say that I think such a practice illegal and criminal, and I hope it will not bo persisted in.' We quite agree with the Chief Baron in his view of the law, but when we find a juryman speaking.coolly of the practice as ' a very common one, he knows' we doubt whether that great palladium of our rights, familiarly described as ' twelve men in a box,' would find a fellow tfadesman guilty of a crime lor following what the juryman would have us believe is a common commercial practice. We strongly suspect that according to the rules of mora lity—which, however, by common consent, are not sup plied to apply to trade— half the business in the country is carried on upon the principle of obtaining money under false pretences. Every untrue announcement of a sale ' under cost price,' every ticket describing an article as that which it is not, every label in a window attached to any piece of goods that is not to be had at the price affixed to it, any one of these tricks which meet one at every turn in every street, is an attempt to obtain money under false pretences. We do not wonder that when in old comedy we hear a clap-trap about 'the honour of the British merchant,' and the 'integrity of the English tradesman,' there is a supercilious sneer from the boxes, a gentle giggle from the pit, and a loud laugh from the gallery. We have l-cen told occasionally, that commercial roguery is confined to the petty tradesmen, and that our 'merchant princes' are quite above anythinglike fraud; but what are we to say to this 'common practice' among wholesale houses of ' salting an invoice?' There is something really alarming in the excessive bluntuess of the moral sense which seems to exist in some commercial quarters ; aud we recollect nothing much cooler than the apology made by the witness— a ' highly respectable man,' we dare say— who exclaimed, in answer to the Chief Baron's rebuke of the system, ' My Lord, the buyer has the goods to examine. It was the general custom.' It might as well be said, in answer to a charge of uttering a forged note, 'My Lord, the prosecutor had the note to examine ; lie ought to have found out that my pretence as to its value was a false one.' If the custom of 'salting on invoice' is really as common as we are led to believe, we can only say that after the declaration of the Chief Baron, that the Act constitutes a wise pretence, ana tne ootaming money by it is a crime, it is the duty of every customer to prosecute every tradesman who is guilty of tho fraud in question. Dr. Scoresby. — Although the name of this gentleman must be familiar to all our readers, and the fact of his having achieved a distinguished scientific repu tation must be equally well known, yet we believe that few are aware of tbe extent and variety of his contributions to the general and scientific literature of England. On turning to the Clerical Journal Directory for informa tion on this point, we find the following:— Scoresby, William, F.B.S., Torquay, Devonshire, and Athensum Club, London ; Qu. Coll. Camb.,!D.D. 1839 : Deac. 1825, Archb. of York, Pr. 1826; Hon. Lect. of Upton Church, Torquay; Fell, of the Royal Society of Edinburgh, Cor responding Member of the Institute of France, Hono rary Member of tho American Institute, Philadelphia, Member of the Historical Societies of New York and Montreal, Honorary Memberof the Society of Arts, Edin burgh, 4c,: late V. of Bradford, Yorkshire; author — Theological and Literary : — ' Seaman's Prayer Book ;' numerous published sermons; 'ilemerials of the Sea, comprising various Maritime Narratives,' 12mo, 1853; 'American Factories and their Female Operatives, with an Appeal on behalf of British Factory Population, and their improvement,' 12mo., 1815 ; ' Sabbaths in the Arotie Eegions,' 8vo., 1850; 'The Mary Bussell : a Nar rative of an Extraordinary Massacre, with Reflections on the Responsibility of Lunatics,' 8vo,, 1850; 'My Father, being Records of the Adventuious Life of the late W. Seoresby, Esq.,' 8vo,, 1851. Scientific : — ' Notes of an Advance to Latitude 81° 23' N., the then nearest authen ticated Approach to tho North Pole;' 'Memoirs of the Wcrnerian Society, Edinburgh,' vol. 2; an immense number of essays on meteorological, magnetic, hy draulic, barometric, optical, geographical, dynamic, aoous tic, astronomical, and atmospheric subjects; 'Narrative of an Excursion on the Island of Jan Haycn, with Dis coveries thereon,' 1818; 'On the Best Means of Over coming Obstacles to Discoveries in the Arctic Regions,' 1819; Description of a Magnetiraeter, and Discoveries in Magnetising Iron by Mechanical Action,' Boyal Society, Edinburgh, 1819-21 ; 'Account of tho Arctit Regions and Northern Whale Fishery,' 2 vols. 8vo.. Constable, 1820; 'Journal of a Voyage to the Northern Whale Fishery, and Discoveries on the East Coast ol Greenland,' 8vo., Longmans, 1823; 'Polar Regions,' article in Edinburgh Encyclopaedia,' 1833; 'On the EarlofKosic's Telescones and their Revelations in the Sidereal Heavens,' 1853; 'Magneticol Investigations on the Powers of different Stcols, and Sizes and Com binations of MoKnets,' 8vo. Longmans, vol. 1, 183£ and 1843 ; 'Magnetical Investigations on Terrestrial Induction and Iron Ships,' vol. 2, 1852; 'Zoisti- Magnetism,' Svo., 1850; 'The Franklin Expedition, with Maps,' Svo., 1350; 'On the Surface Temperature aud Great Currents of the Atlantic,' 1853; 'On Deer, Sea Soundings and Errors from Strata-currents;' 'On the popular Notion of an Open Polar Sea — Is it th( Fact?' 'On the Prevention of Railway Accidents b] Collision;' ' On the Loss of the Tayleur, and Changei in the Aotionof Compasses in Iron Ships,' *851; 'En- quiry into the Principles and Measures on which safeti in the Navigation of Iron Ships is to be looked for/ ' On Pictorial and Photoehromatie Impressions on thi Retina of the Human Eye;' 'On Optical Spectra, Mag nctisra of Iron Ships,' &e.; 'Journal of the Eoya Society,' 1853-51-55 ; also.a Viriety of articles, lectures addresses, essays, tracts, &e.;, in different theological scientific, and literary journals.— Argut Evangelise.— One of tho editors of tin New York Ecaiigelial has lately visited the locality ii the British North American provinces whereon is laii the scene of Longfellow's celebrated poem. Ha nrite thus: — 'Leaving Windsor, we rolled on rapidly over I rich conntry, till we came to a spot around which «i American poet has thrown a tender and touching inta rest. It was the site of the old French village o Grand Pre, the 6cene of Longfellow's E vangcline. I h« wad the poem but a few days before, and the scene were still fresh in my mind. The general features o the', landscape were easily identified. Yonder wero thi salt marshes, defended from the sea by dikes reared b the;hands of the French colonials. These slopes .wer' covered by their thatched cottages. Thero stood th simple church of the hamlet. It was just a hundrei years since the French were driven from this peacefu spot. Longfellow describes the inhabitants gathered oi the shore, looking back in dismay at the flames tha burst frem their dwellings. But though their village was destroyed, and the people driven from the land, thi customs introduced by those early settlers still linger evei among those of another race and creed. My travellini companion liad spent 20 years in France, and at once re cognised many signs of French occupation. The rowi of poplars, the willows that fringe, every watercourse and the little gable-roofed cottages, at once recalled thi villages of Normandy. As we rode along, my imagina tion was busy reviving scenes of a century ago. I sat the little church standing on the hill, and the peasant gathered round it on a fete day, or assembled to danc on the village green. Again I heard the merry peals o laoghf er that had long since passed away. I saw th groups gathered under the tree*, telling tales of the! country beyond the sea, and tho loveliest vision of al was sweet, gentle Evangeline, as 'Homeward serenel' she walked, with God's benediction upon her.' ' The Danger of Learning Grammar.— To the Editor of the Missouri Democrat.— -Mr. Editor have been sendin' my dater Nancy to school to a school master in this naborhood. Last Friday I went over U the school jnst to seo how Nancy was gittin' alone, and '. sees things I didn't like by no means. The schoolmastei was lamin* her things entirely out of the line of eddyca tion, and as I think improper. I set awhile in the school house and hcercd one class say their lesson. They was : spellcn, and I thot spelled quite exceedingly. Then cun Nancy's turn to say her lesson. She said it very spry. : was shot, and determined she should leave that school I have heered that gramcr was an oncommon fine Btudy but I don't want eny more gramer about my house The lesson that'Nancy sed was nothin' but the foolishcsi kind uv talk, tht ridicles luv talk you ever seed. Shi crot up and the first word she scd was, 'I love!' ] looked rite at her hard for doin' so improper, but shi went rite on and scd: 'Thou Idvest, he loves,' and! reckon you never hcerd such a riggermyrole in your lifi — love, love, love, and nothin' but love. She said oni time, ' I did love.' Sez I, ' Who did you love?' Thei the scholars laffed, but I wasn't to be put off, and I sed ' Who did you love, Nancy ? I want to know— who die you love ?' The schoolmaster, Mr. McQuillister, put in and said he would explane when Nancy finished thi lessen. This sorter pacyfied me, and Nance went on with awful love talk. It erot wus and wus every word. She sed, 'I might, could, or would love.' I stopped hei again, anil sed I reckon I would see about that, and toll her to walk out of that house. The schoolmaster trice to interfere, but I wouldent let him say a word. II- said I was a fool, and I nockt him down and made bin holler in short order. Itaukt the etrate tiring to him; ] told him ldo show him how hede lam my dater gramer. ] got the nabers together, and we seutMr. MeQuilliitcr of in a hurry, and I reckon tharl be no more gramer teeehenii these parts soon. If you know of any rather oldish man ii your regeen that doan't teech gramer we would be plau if you wood send him np. But in the footure we will b- kerful how we employ men. Yung schoolmasters won'i do, especially if they teeches gramer. Its a bad thinj for morels. Yours till deth, Thosias Jshebbsok Solb. Amerkan Paper. A Ghost Demonstrating his own IM- POSSIBILITY !— The Athenæum, in a review of an Ame rican translation of Henry Heine's novels, extracts the following clever story of the ghost of Dr. Saul Ascher which appeared to Heine, at Goslar:— ''The highest principle is reason,' said I, consolingly to myself as I slid into bed. But it availed me nothing. I had just been reading in Varnhagen von Ense's 'German Narrations,' which I had brought with me from Clausthal, that ter rible tale of a son who, when about to murder his father, was warned in the night by the ghost of his mo ther. The wonderful truthfulness with which this story is depicted caused, while reading it, a shudder of horror in all my veins. Ghost stories invariably thrill us with ad ditional horror when read during a journey and by night in a town, in a house, and in a chamber where we have never before been. We involuntarily reflect, ' How many horrors may have been perpetrated on this very spot where I now lie?' Meanwhile, the moon shone into my room in a doubtful, suspicious manner ; all kinds of uncalled-for shapes quivered on the walls, and as I laid me down and glanced fearfully around, I beheld — . There is nothing so 'uncanny' as when a man sees his own face by moonlight in a mirror. At the same instant there struck a deep-booming, yawning, bell, and that so slowly and wearily that I firmly be lieved that it had been full twelve hours striking, and that it was now time to begin over again. Between the last, and next to tho last tones, there struck in very abruptly, as if irritated and scolding, another bell,who was apparently out of patience with the slowness of her friend. As the two iron tongues were silenced, and the stillness of death sunk over the whole house, I suddenly seemed to hear, in the corridor before my chamber, something halting and waddling along, like the unsteady steps of a man. At last the door slowly opened, and there entered deliberately the late departed Doctor Saul Ascher. A cold fever drizzled through marrow and vein — I trembled like an ivy leaf, and scarcely dared to gaze upon the ghost. He appeared as usual, with the same transcendental grey old coat, the same abstract legs, and the same mathematical face, only this latter was a little yellower than usual, and the mouth, which formerly described two angles, of 22½ degrees, was pinched together, and the circles around the eyes had a somewhat greater radius. Tot tering, and supporting himself as usual upon his Malacca cane, he approached me, and said, in his usual drawling dialect, but in a friendly manner : — ' Do not be afraid, nor believe that I am a ghost. It is a deception of your ima gination if you believe that you see me as a ghost. What is a ghost ? Define one. Deduce for me the conditions of the possibility of a ghost. In what reasonable connection does such an apparition coincide with reason itself? 'Reason, I say, reason!' Here the ghost proceeded to analyze reason; cited from Kant's 'Critic of Pure Reason,' part 2, 1st section, chap. 3, the distinction between phenomena and noumena; then proceeded to construct a hypothetical system of ghosts, piled one syllogism on another, and concluded with the logical proof that there are absolutely no ghosts. Meanwhile the cold sweat beaded over me, my teeth clattered like castanets, and from very agony of soul I nodded an unconditional assent to every assertion which the phantom Doctor alleged against the absurdity of being afraid of ghosts, and which he demonstrated with such zeal, that finally, in a moment of abstraction, instead of his gold watch, he drew a handful of grave worms from his vest pocket, and remarking his error replaced them with a ridiculous but terrified haste. 'The reason is the highest—' Here the clock struck 1, and the ghost vanished.' 