AUSTRALIAN EXPLORATION. The following paper, on "The necessity for a further exploration of the interior of the Australian Continent," was read at the last meeting of the Sydney Philosophical Society, by Mr. John Thomson, Deputy-Surveyor General of New South Wales :— The object of the paper which I am about to read to you is to point out the necessity for obtaining further information on the geography of the interior of the Australian continent My paper will, I fear, be found to convey but a very slight and imperfect sketch of the subject, my desire being rather to awaken attention, and promote discus sion, than to enter on any elaborate disquisition on the physical geography of this extraordinary continent. I rather seek to show what remains to be done in the way of exploration than what is already accomplished. The subject is one of great scientific importance, and Captain Sturt, in a paper which he addressed to the Geographical Society, so recently as in the beginning of 1854, observes, "That it is the greatest remaining geo graphical problem of the day." The promoters of geographical discovery having at length exhausted their favourite fields for enterprise, namely, the North Pole and the African interior, an op portunity is now presented for turning their attention to the Australian continent. It is really matter of sur prise that so many valuable lives should have been sacri ficed, and so much wealth expended, year after year, in obtaining geographical information of a character so in ferior in importance, or, at least, in utility, to that which would result from a more perfect acquaintance with the interior of this country. Indeed, any additional infor mation on a subject of so much interest cannot but pre sent many attractions to this community as well as to the scientific world in general, involving as it does great commercial as well as geographical results. At present, all the geographical information we possess of the Aus tralian continent is confined to the coasts and to the portions occupied as colonies at its south-east corner, where the features of about a quarter of the continent are known; otherwise, the whole interior is a blank upon the maps of the world. As regards the coasts, we know that along the whole of the eastern side there is a range extending almost parallel to its shores, and at an average distance of about 80 miles from the sea. This range, on its eastern side, throws down to the Pacific numerous rivers; on the western side the waters which it throws down belong to the systems of the Murray and the Victoria of Mitchell, for the sources of some of the tributaries of the Murray being very far to the north, by running southerly they receive nearly the whole of these western waters; whilst further inland we find some scanty watercourses (forming the Victoria) coming as far from the north as the range at the back of Car- pentaria, and finding an outlet by Lake Torrens into Spencer's Gulf. Thus much of the physical geography of Australia is pretty well determined, but we know no more. It is a singular fact that, although every country in the world has, I believe, been thoroughly examined and explored, and particularly those countries in which Great Britain has any interest, we are still in entire ignorance as to the geography of three-fourths of the Aus tralian continent: so ignorant are we, that none of the numerous theories which have from time to time been put forth about the interior carry with them the conviction of even an approach to the truth, and one after another the hypotheses of our travellers have been overthrown. The notion of a river flowing from the northern districts to the north-west was exploded by the journeys of Sir Thomas Mitchell and Dr. Leich ardt, and the notion of an inland sea, just in the centre of Australia, was exploded by the journey of Captain Sturt, who found instead a sandy desert. Mr. Eyre, referring to his journey along the shore of the Great Australian Bight, which he found to be a dreary waste, with an elevation of from 300 to 600 feet above the sea, says, "What can be the nature of that mys- terious interior, bounded as it is by a table land, without rivers or lakes, without watercourses or drainage of any kind, for so vast a distance? Can it be that the whole is one immense interminable desert ?" But to return to what I was remarking as to the extent of our geographical knowledge. On the north and north-west coasts the outlets of many rivers are found; still there is nothing to lead to the conclusion that they are of any magnitude, and consequently the ranges that throw down these rivers may be, and in all probability are, as on the eastern coast— very close to the sea. This is borne out by the following extract from Grey's Australia:— "The rivers in North Western Australia much resemble in character those of the south- eastern parts of the continent. They rise at no very great distance from the sea; near their sources they are mountain torrents, but in the low lands they become generally streams with slow currents, winding through fertile and extensive valleys or plains, which are subject to sudden and terrific inundations." The western coast, though more barren, presents the same peculiarities as the north-west; in fact, with the excep tion of the Great Australian Bight on the southern side of the continent, which, according to Mr. Eyre, is not for 1,500 miles intersected by a single watercourse, the whole of the coasts of Australia are, there is every reason to suppose, backed by ranges of moderate height, which throw down waters into the sea on the one side, and into the interior on the other. As already pointed out, we know what becomes of the inner waters of the east coast range— they belong to the systems of the Murray and the Victoria; but we do not know what becomes of the inner waters of the northern, the wes tern, and the southern coast ranges— whether they are absorbed by a desert, or whether they belong to some Caspian. Let the imagination loose ever so little, it is easy to conjure up the existence of some extensive and fertile country, far to the west of Sturt's furthest point, bordering a Caspian, and receiving the waters of about 3,000 miles of coast range. Or if, according to the theory of Mr. Eyre, in which he has great faith, we imagine the interior to consist of salt lakes, or swamps, alternating with sandy deserts, and, at intervals, isolated ranges, it is very possible that, among these ranges, tracts of a better, and even of a rich and fertile country, might be met with. It is, however, to be apprehended that, instead of these bright pictures, the whole interior may be a desert; and, if so, one of the largest deserts in the world. Now, although it would not profit us much to be as sured of this, still it is important in a scientific point of view that we should know what is the character of such a vast extent of unexplored country. Having shown how great a blank there is in the geography of Australia, I would suggest that were the subject again brought under the notice of the Geographical Society of London, and so of the home authorities, sufficient means would, no doubt, be forthcoming for a grand expedition ; and I shall now proceed to lay before you my views on that subject. The exploration of Australia can never, in my opinion, be satisfactorily accomplished by any expedition to be commenced by sea, nor yet by any individual exertions, nor even by any small body of adventurers ; the mishaps and misfortunes that have already befallen the greater number of such expeditions bear me out in my opinion. All that is required is one great and well organized expedition— an expedition so well found that there should be nothing to contend with but the want of water. The course such an expedition should take is similar to that which was contemplated by the unfortunate and much-lamented Leichardt, namely, to cross the con tinent from east to west— that is, from Moreton Bay to Swan River. But Leichardt's intention was to skirt the desert, and he would then have been always distressed for water; whereas I contend that the track should be along the inner side of the coast ranges. From what I have said of the geography of the northern and wes tern coasts, as gathered from the charts and writings of various travellers, it will, I think, appear that it would be very possible so to follow the interior slopes of the ranges as to secure a supply of water ; for as it is known that fresh water is found falling into the sea and into the saltwater inlets along the whole of the northern and western coasts, so it must be that there are corresponding waters falling into the interior, and that, if an expedition kept close enough to the ranges, water could always be procured, while the travelling would be far less difficult than on the coast side, because the inner sides of the ranges, as far as we are acquainted with them, slope gradually to the plains, and we have a right to argue from analogy that the same peculiarity may be presented along the whole of them. It would be the principal duty of the conductor of an expedition to know that, in case of retreat, he could for a certainty fill back upon water and grass ; with this assurance, he might go on and on, unless, indeed, which is scarcely possible, some wide barren tract, connected with the desert, and scant of water and grass, should present a barrier to his progress. Under these or other unforeseen circumstances, it might become his duty to retreat ; but a certain amount of geographical knowledge would still have been obtained, namely, that the communication be tween the east and west could not be carried out over land. Having regard to the foregoing considerations as to water and grass, the party should consist of 50 or 100 men, taking with them, of course, drays and packs loaded with all necessaries ; but the great resource should be, to drive before them thousands of sheep and cattle, so that they could experience no want of the means of existence, even if their other provisions should fail. Such a contingency could, however, be easily guarded against by proper calculation. Supposing that the expedition travelled five miles a day, the distance being about 3,000 miles the journey would occupy some two years, and there would be plenty of time for a survey of the whole route and for full examination of vegetable and animal life; whilst by the aid of photo graphy representations of every object and of every scene could be procured. Nor must it be forgotten, now that it is found that the natives can be disciplined and made to act as an armed police force, that any future exploring party would derive great advantage from their assistance. The difficulties which would arise in providing for the wants of such a large party appear formidable; but were it even required to move a small army across the continent, such difficulties would not, I apprehend, be allowed to stand in the way. Nor, as regards water, would such a march be declared impossible, through a country where the presence of the aborigines proves that water is to he found. No doubt such an expedition would demand a great outlay, but it would accomplish almost all that we re quire. In Asia and Africa, for obvious reasons, the only way is to travel alone, or in very small parties ; but we cannot, as I have before observed, pursue such a course in this country with the prospect of success. Even an expedition like that which is now proceeding from the Victoria River to the Albert could never do much towards unravelling the enigma of the interior. Doubts would still remain as to the existence of rivers or ranges in different localities, but by the plan pro posed, which the peculiarities in the formation of the Australian continent so greatly favour, an exploration of the entire coast ranges would show how the waters are disposed of, and lead to conclusions as to whether the interior is a desert, and if not, we should then know from what point it would be best to approach the interior, and ascertain whether there is a Caspian, or what really becomes of the waters of a tract of country 1,600 miles long by 1,000 wide. It may be well to ob serve that since the last expedition into Australia, gold has been found over the whole of the country with which we are acquainted. Gold, it is said, is, or rather was, more generally diffused throughout the crust of the earth than any other metal; but in all the continents, with the exception of Australia, it has been an object of desire— it has been sought for and made use of by all the nations of the earth, save only by the aborigines of this country. What conclusion, then, can be arrived at but that, whilst all the other parts of the world have been for thousands of years ransacked for gold until there is little left, Australia, as regards its gold, and even other minerals, is in a virgin state. Its gold has scarcely been touched, and it may therefore be concluded that as much may be found in proportion to its extent as has supplied the wants of man ever since its use was known, so that in all future expeditions, with the aid of a geologist and a few diggers, gold-fields more or less rich might be found. When it is considered what vast sums of money have been expended on the comparatively useless explorations at the North Pole— ships with hundreds of men and every facility that money and science could provide (one of those expeditions, I am informed on good authority, would cost from £15,000 to £20,000 per annum) —there really seems no reason why an undertaking of so much greater interest should not be attempted without regard to the expense, which has hitherto been the great obstacle to a thorough and sufficient exploration; and I feel convinced that nothing more is required than a strong and proper representation, to enlist the whole of the scientific world in some such scheme as that now suggested. The manner in which the waters falling inwards from the thousand miles of Eastern Coast Range are dis posed of, by being found to belong mostly to the system of the Murray, is rather an extraordinary feature in the geography of the world; and it may be that the dis covery of other extraordinary arrangements of the sur face of this continent may tend to throw great light upon the science of physical geology— perhaps the most neglected of all the sciences. But now that the facts which appertain to practical geology have been so largely accumulated, we want geographical facts to lead us to more important and interesting speculations— to lead us to a knowledge of the history of the progressive formation of the dry land, in all its diversities; and whilst I am upon this part of my subject, it may not perhaps be considered out of place if I venture to trouble you with a few speculations of my own upon the physical geography of the unknown regions I have just been speaking about. Reasoning from analogy, I should be disposed to surmise that, whereas the waters at the back of the east coast flow from north to south, so the waters on the west coast may flow from south to north, and for this reason :— With the exception of the irregu larity caused by the Gulf of Carpentaria and the York Peninsula, there is an extraordinary parallelism in the coasts of the Australian continent and the course of those of its rivers with which we are acquainted. The coasts are made up of two sets of parallel lines of three lines each. Now, the openings on the south side of the continent where the Murray disembogues correspond in position with the openings on the north coast where the Fitzroy, Prince Regent, Victoria, and other rivers disem bogue; and, in like manner, as the Murray drains the eastern side, the Fitzroy or some other river may drain the western side. It seems pretty evident that the course of rivers in Australia is due to accumulation. Captain Sturt found that the sand dunes in the interior extended, in unbroken lines, N.N.W.— in fact, parallel to N.E. and S.W. portions of the coast, and as it is these accumulations that influence the course of rivers, this seems a further ground for conjecture that the waters which fall from the southern and western coast ranges may be tributaries to a river which takes the direction of these dunes or lines of accumulation, and, traversing the western side of the continent, finds an outlet on the north coast. This theory is in some measure supported by the fact that the dip of the country from the elevated southern coast is inwards— that is, northerly ; so it is not impossible that waters falling to the north from this great Australian wall may be the sources of my imagi nary river— for to find a river running inwards is not at all unusual in Australia. This, however, is only one theory amongst many, for in the early part of the pre sent year a paper on the "possible condition" of the in terior of Australia, by Mr. H. London, was read before the Geographical Society. I mention this to show that the subject is exciting considerable attention, but then the necessary funds are not forthcoming. Before I sit down, therefore, I may perhaps be per mitted to take this opportunity of urging upon the officers and members of this institution that the subject of a great and final exploration of the interior of Aus tralia is worthy of their best attention and consideration; and it comes within my knowledge that a great number of hardy and experienced bushmen would be ready to join in any properly organized scheme ; and there would not be wanting gentlemen not only well used to com mand and to control, but also well acquainted with bush life, and familiar with exposure and danger, to enlist in such an enterprise, if we could induce Her Majesty's Government to advance some £20,000 to £30,000 (or about one year of the expense of a North Pole expedition) towards this great scientific undertaking, which I may remark could be far better conducted by those who have experience in these colonies than by strangers. BURTON'S NATIONAL CIRCUS. — There was a numerous and fashionable attendance at the morning performance in the Circus yesterday. The weather was most oppressively warm, but, notwithstanding the dis comfort attending that circumstance, the company en joyed the entertainment vastly. Mr. Walter Burton was indefatigable in his exertions and eminently successful. Barlow likewise received, as he deserved, repeated plau dits; and Cristoff, as usual, delighted all and surprised those who had not previously witnessed his masterly ex hibition on the tight rope. Burton and Holmes were as comical as the rapid succession of scenes in the circle would permit To compensate for the absence of one of Mr. Barlow's dogs, our old acquaintance Neptune danced his polka, waltzed, and showed how he stole the turkey to the infinite delight of the juvenile spectators. The performances gave great satisfaction beyond all doubt, although considerable disappointment was ex pressed by many ladies who visited the Circus in the expectation of witnessing Mrs. Rosina Burton's exqui site equestrianism. In the evening there was again a good attendance, and in addition to the ordinary attrac tions of the Circus, Mrs. Burton appeared and delighted the spectators with a repetition of the double act which on former occasions created such an enthusiastic sen sation. SUPPOSED DEATH FROM DESTITUTION.-— Coroner's Inquest.— The Coroner held an inquest on Friday, at the Angel Inn, Gouger-street, on the body of Mary Atkin, who was found dead in her house the pre vious evening. The Jury visited the house and viewed the body; the appearance of the place indicated the most squalid poverty. William Ward, aged 15, stated that he knew the deceased whose body had been seen by the Jury. He saw her alive between 7 and 8 o'clock on Christmas morning, when he brought her some break fast. She was in bed ill in the back room of her house. When he knocked at the door he heard the deceased moaning. He entered the house and she requested him to come to her bedside as she was unable to rise. Wit ness gave her the breakfast; it consisted of tea, bread, and butter. The deceased appeared to be very ill, but did not complain of anything in particular. He had been in the habit of taking food to her. He did not see her again alive. Did not know how she got her living, or whether any other persons relieved her. The house she lived in belonged to her or her brother, who is at the diggings. Bridget Keogh stated that she knew the deceased, and had on Wednesday last brought her some dinner from Miss Clisby's. That was shortly after 1 o'clock, and witness knocked several times before she obtained an answer. When the deceased did come out, she looked very distressed, and said she did not think that she could eat the food. She said the smell of it made her sick. Witness left the dinner, and saw no more of the deceased, but on Thursday morning brought her some toast and tea. Did not wish to go into her bedroom, and left the food on the table in the outer room. That food remained there still. Witness had known the deceased about nine months, but had not seen her much. Had seen her on Tuesday ; she then looked very bad, and said she thought she should have died on Monday night. Witness did not advise her to have medical attendance. The deceased lived on the charity of the neighbours, but witness could not say whether she had or had not received relief from the Destitute Board. Abraham Wright, police-constable, stated that he went to the house of the deceased about 8 o'clock on Thursday evening, in company with Mr. Ward and Mr. Cramont. As no answer was received to repeated knockings at the front door, witness, with the assistance of Mr. Ward, effected an entrance by the window. The deceased was not in her bedroom, but he found her dead in the front room, exactly as the body was seen by the Jury. On finding the deceased he looked at the body, but saw nothing to excite suspicion. Found among other things in the house a bottle in which there was some port wine. William Ward, builder (foreman of the Jury), stated that he had known the deceased between three and four years, and that she had been in distressed cir cumstances for the last six months. Witness lived near her, and had been in the habit of assisting her as far as lay in his power, and interested some friends also in her behalf. She had been ill about two months ago, and he feared she had not then received necessary attention. On Monday last she came to his house and he was sur prised to see her, she was reduced to such a weakly state. She asked for a cup of tea, which was supplied to her. She said she had not had anything then for three days. He was of opinion that she would not ask for anything unless she was unable to do without it. That was the last time he saw her alive. She com plained of being ill and weak, and said she would like a little wine, and some was sent to her. On Christmas Day witness called at her house about 3 o'clock, but got no answer when he knocked. He was of opinion that she died from destitution. She had told him that she had applied to the Destitute Board for relief, and was told that as her husband was a gold-digger she could not want relief. Her husband has been away five years, and had not been heard of for the last three years. It was thought necessary, in order to enable the Jury to de termine whether the woman died from destitution or disease aggravated by want, to have a post mortem ex amination, and the Coroner adjourned the inquest until 1 o'clock this day. ARRANGEMENT OF DIFFERENCE IN THE ONKAPARINGA (District Council) DISTRICT. — We have had frequent occasion to refer to the disputes which have arisen in the otherwise very united District of Onkaparinga from the conflicting interests of the settlers on the two sides of the river, those to the west ward being desirous of a direct road to Adelaide by way of the Greenhill, which to the eastern settlers is a matter of less Importance. The former, with a view to advancing the interests of their own locality, have lately petitioned the Governor to separate their part of the district from Onkaparinga and unite it with East Torrens. At the same time the inhabitants of Hahn dorf, which township lies partly in the Echunga district and partly in that of Onkaparinga, feeling dissatisfied with the amount of money expended in their neighbour hood, petitioned to be formed into a new district. Meanwhile the settlers around Lobethal were also be coming discontented, and there seemed every prospect of the large district of Onkaparinga being cut to pieces. In order to obviate the necessity of separation, which for, many reasons was considered undesirable, the Dis trict Council summoned a public meeting of rate payers at the Woodside Inn, on Friday, De cember 19, to consider the propriety of dividing the district into wards, so that each particular portion should be represented, and the amount of rates equitably distributed. About 50 persons attended from every part of the district, and Mr. Francis Duffield. the District Chairman, was called upon to preside. It was first ar ranged that, in event of the division into wards, the two Councillors who were to remain in office, and who reside in different parts of the district, would resign if requested to do so by the ratepayers of their respective wards, so that a fresh election for each might take piece simultaneously ; and it was further understood that the election for each ward should be held within its own limits, so as to spare the ratepayers the inconvenience of a journey to Woodside. It was also decided that the ex pense of all bridges over the main branch or the western branch of the Onkaporirjga, costing more than £100, should be borne by the entire district, as being for the general benefit, and not thrown upon the particular wards in which the bridges were situated. These pre liminaries having been adjusted, it was resolved, with only one dissentient voice, that the district should be divided into five wards, and the following boundaries were agreed to :— Northern ward, by Schenthal to Lobethal, westward to Abbott's Flat; the main line of road to form the centre boundary of the other four wards ; from the north-west angle of 5008 by the line of road westward to the boundary to be the second ward; the south-west portion to be the third ward ; the line by the Rocky Gully-rood to be the boundary between the fourth and fifth wards. Mr. Pugh, on behalf of the western settlers, declared himself perfectly satisfied with this arrangement, and undertook that the petition for sepa ration should be withdrawn. It was stated, also, that the residents of Hahndorf would pursue a similar course. A petition for the division of the district into wards was then prepared and signed by 20 ratepayers in accordance with the 10th clause of the Act, and all present expressed themselves much gratified by the amicable arrangement thus entered into. Before the meeting separated, Mr. James Johnson, of Balhannah, called attention to certain contracts for the making or repairing of roads which he did not think had been car ried out in accordance with the specifications, and it was arranged that he should meet the members of the Dis trict Council on the subject. At the conclusion of the proceedings, a vote of thanks was given to Mr. F. Duf field for his conduct in the chair. MISSIONARY MEETING.— A correspondent says :—"The annual missionary meeting of the Bible Christian Society, Bowden, took place on the 21st and 22nd instant. Three sermons were preached on the Sabbath by J. Way and A. Roberts, Bible Christian ministers, to full and attentive congregations. A tea meeting was held on tho Monday, the provisions of which were good and gratuitously supplied by the ladies of the Society. A very interesting meeting came off in the evening, at which Mr. Pickering presided, and when some of the most graphic and touching addresses on the missionary enterprise were delivered by Messrs. Way, Fursman, Rock, T. E. Keen, Roberts, and S. Keen, Bible Christian ministers. The collections and donations amounted to about £20." CHAPEL ANNIVERSARY. — The following is from a correspondent :— "The second anniversary of the Bible Christian Chapel, Happy Valley, took place on the 7th and 8th instant. On the Sabbath three sermons were preached by Mr. J. Way, Bible Christian minister, and Mr. Philips, Congregational minister. On the Mon day a tea-meeting was held, which was well attended, and the essentials of which were gratuitously and abun dantly supplied by the ladies of the congregation. Tea being over, a public meeting commenced, at which Mr. Fox, of Clarendon, presided in a manner which gave per fect satisfaction, and addresses were delivered by Messrs. Philips, Way, Fursman, Douglass, Cook, Windihank, and Wray ; and at the close of the meeting the trustees had the pleasure of knowing that the debt, which was £85, was more than met by the proceeds of the anniver sary and promises." CAUTION TO M.L.A.'s. — Don't speak up, whatever happens ; for the reporters are listening in the gallery, and will be almost certain to hear you if you do. — Melbourne Punch. THE POEMS OF OSSIAN. — It has become fashionable to abuse the poems of Ossian; but, admitting their forgery as well as faultiness, they seem to us, in their better passages, to approach more nearly than any modern English prose to the force, vividness, and patri archal simplicity and tenderness of the Old Testament style. Lifting up like a curtain the mists of the past, they show us a world unique and intensely poetical, peopled by heroes, bards, maidens, and ghosts, who are swathed in mist, and separated by their mountains from all countries and ages save their own. It is a great pic- ture painted in clouds instead of canvas, and invested with colours as gorgeous as its shades are dark. Its pathos has a wild sobbing in it— an AEolian tremulous ness of tone, like the wail of spirits. And then Ossian himself, the last of his race, answering the planets of the wilderness, the plover's shriek, the 'hiss' of the homeless stream, the bee in the heather bloom, the rustle of the birch above his head, the roar of the cataract behind in a voice of kindred freedom and kindred melancholy conversing less with the little men around him than with the giant spirits of his fathers— we have few finer figures in the whole region of poetry. Ossian, in short, ranks with the 'Robbers' and the 'Seasons' as a work of prodigal beauties, and more prodigal faults, and partly through both has impressed the world.— Bards of the Bible. THE NECESSITY OF RECREATION THE CON- SEQUENT DUTY OF THE RELIGIOUS WORLD.— Games, gaieties, sports, spectacles, there will be, as long as men have limbs, or eyes, or ears. It is no factitious choice which the world has made of its amusements. It chose them because it wanted them. The development here is as natural as it is in the arts. You might as well talk of extirpating music and painting as of driving the com mon amusements out of the world. Shall the religious objection then, since it cannot destroy, proceed to villify those amusements? What, villify an ordinance of nature, a necessity of man, a thing that cannot be helped! Is this the wisdom of religion— to degrade what it cannot destroy; to make of that which it cannot prevent the worst that can be made ; to banish alike from its protection and remedy that which it cannot banish from the world ? There lies the garden of recreation, close to the field of labour; and they cannot be severed; and men must and will past from one to the other; and is it the office of religion to curse that garden, to pronounce it unholy ground, and so to give it up to utter levity or licence ? Nay, can any thing be plainer than that it is the business of religion to reform the amusements of the day ? Reform, I believe, is the only measure that can be taken with the theatre ; for that which has its root in the natural tastes, customs, and literature of all civilized ages is not likely to be eradicated. But how is anything to be reformed? By invective, by opprobrium, by heaping contempt upon it, by casting it out from the pale of good influences, by withdrawing good men from all contact with it, by con signing it over to the irreligion, frivolity, and self-indul gence of the world ? Surely not. And therefore am I anxious to show that recreation must come within the plan of good life, and hence to show that it is not to be snatched as a forbidden treasure, not to be distorted by the band of reckless licence, but to be welcomed, aye, and consecrated, by calm, conscientious, rational enjoy ment * * * * I tell the ascetic religionist that there will be gaiety and laughter— there will be assem blies, and music, and dancing— aye, and, as I think, cards and theatres, as long as the world stands. Whether he likes it or not— whether I like it or not— it cannot be helped. Now there are abuses of these things. What are we to say of the abuses? 'Let them crush down and destroy the things themselves'— do we say? But they cannot. Then let them be cut off. There is really nothing else to be done. Elevate, refine, purify the public amusements. Let religion recognise and restrain them. Let it not, as is too common, drive them to license and extravagance; but let it throw around them its gentle and holy bonds, to make them pure, cheerful, healthful— helpful to the great ends of life. What a blessed thing for the world were it if its amusements could thus be rescued, redeemed, and brought into the service of its virtue and piety! What a blessed thing for the weary world, for the youthful world, for the joyous world, if the steps of its recreation, trodden in cheerful innocence and devout gratitude, could be ever leading it to heaven !— Rev. Orville Dewey, D.D. A POTTER'S DEVICE : MAN IS CLAY.—At the Branksea Pottery and Clay Company's premises, on the "Rejoicing Night," the device exhibited showed a drain- pipe within a ribbon, inscribed "The Branksea Pipe of Peace," with a wheatsheaf below it, and this motto :— "May we never want for a pipe or a drain!" The joke was at any rate transparent.— The Builder. 