29, To the Editor of the Hobart Town Daily Courier. Sir, Matter of fact sensible people agree with the Advertiser, " that the Daily A'eiu has resorted very extensively of late to the adoption of an alias for the purpose of of eulogizing the contents of its own columns. I am not in the habit of uttering grating and disagreeable sentiments, yet I have often, when in colloquy with my friends, who gently chides me, unknown to themselves but in my healing, for having recently kept aloof from exposing such tactics, pointed out the unblushing extent to which this prac- tice has been can- led on. The super-human rapidity with which these laudatory cpistles-appcai, and the reverential flattery with which the ',' Immaculate " is bespattered, excites my astonishment and admit tion. The humility of the .' Constant Reader' and such men as " Peter Pipes," isfciartlii'ig. The profound and. inimitable solemnity in which the topics are introduced surpass the exquisite mock gravity of even Mr. S. Moriarty's modesty when he opened his speech at the Tasmania Rotunda, addressed to the wide-open ears of eager and admiring thousands (?) by apologising for supposing that their attention could be commanded by anything that may happen to fall from so insignificant an individual, he" &c.; Can we therefore wonder that the Editor is looked upon as a political damaged, that this new and popular journal is selling with the rapidity of ' greased lightning ?' || Thom may be something ridiculous in the whole affair, but there is also something serious, and of a moral interest. Such tricks of journalism ' are better calculated for the back slums of London than for the meridian of Tasmania, where vain idolators of their own genius and cap ping disbelievers in that of others,-' ghosts of the hour vanish as rapidly as they arise. I do not know that I should have troubled you at this period with these remarks, except that I was disappointed to find that you have passed these freaks unnoticed. And yet I do not wish to depreciate the new representative. I cannot conceive his return can darken the fortunes of this great city. I am anxious to do justice to the best part of him and trust he will leave off the 'swagger' which lessens my hearty admiration of his elegant learning, of his profuse and graceful fancy. But the bright side of journalism is sullied by resort to puffery of the kind I have alluded to, and the prohibition of such expedients by the proprietor of the Daily News would effect much more good in his generation.' I for one, therefore, will be glad if he shall pursue his object by methods less transparent, by the publication, of epistles loss questionable as to origin. I am, Sir, , ' , Yours," ' 1 ' JOHN O'GKOATI.' 