MAYOR'S COURT. Crrr Council C&aiibeb;: Thuesd^t, July 10. ^Before His Worship the Major and Alderman HtiJLl ■UEFictEifT Weights.—Conrad Ordemann, batcher, Freeman-street, was charged on the information of In spector Dnriea, with unlawfully having in his possession for use, two 011c pound, one four pound* two eight oonce, and one four ounce weights deficieut. Defendant said he was not aware the weights were short or he should not have used them. Fined 5s. each weight and costs, in ait 40s. Rlbtkg over Footpaths.—William Sanderson, Wil liam Payne, Michael O'lirien, and Adolphe Jnngrehr, were each lined 5s. and costs, for offences of this nature proved against them. Caution'to Bullock-Dmvers.—John Marshall was fined 10s. and costs, tor riding on the pole of Ids bullock dray, not having proper control over his team. Driving oveb a Footpath.—Adam MfiUer was fined 5s. and costs, for this offence.—John MorrU also was fined 5s. for a similar offence. Houses of IlIi-Faste.—dames Saltan was brought up on a remanded charge of keeping a disorderly house in Coromaudel-place. Two respectable witnesses (one 1 of whom liad been solicited by one of the girls living in the house) spoke to the disorderly character of the in mates. His Worship fined defendant #10 and costs: is all £L1 Its., and allosved defendant two days to pay.— Litetcell Green (whose wife is now undergoing sentence of imprisonment after her committal for brothel- keeping on the 19th of June last) was charged with being the occupier of a disorderly house in 'Brown-street. In reply to His Worship, the defendant said that he was a ploughman, and for some time paat had been earning HI a week and his board. His Worship said the offence had been proved, and he must pay £10 and costs. Defendant said he cooid not do so, and he was accordingly committed to Gaol.—Mary Sutler was also charged with being the keeper of a houiC of ill-fame in Brown-street. Sue pleaded not guilty. , Evidence having been given of the disorderly character of I he inmatesof the house, defendant stated that she was placed in the house to take care of the goods, which belonged to Mrs. Driscoll, until she had served her sen tence in Gaol. Mrs. Driscoll had taken defendant in and given her Bhelter when she and her child were in a very destitute condition, and she was not at all responsible for the manner in which the house was conducted, but was an honest, hardworking woman. His Worship said under the circnmstauces defendant most give up posses sion of the .premises to the officer of the Court, and be would dismiss the charge against her. At the same time he would strongly caution her as to her future condact, and would advise her to take care where she resided in future. There were plenty of opportunities for young women to earn a decent and hoaesi livelihood. IkrpcaB Waxes Ceabgb.— William JVUchtlee was charged by William DalwooJ, the owner of premises in Ruudls-strcet, with allowing waste and impure water and matter to flow over the footpath in frout of his premises. Fined 20s. and costs, amounting to £1 19s. Obsteuctctg the Footvats.—P.-ancie Xtamh was fined 10s. and costs for cxpjs'm^ goods for sale on the footpath iu front of his premises, to the obstruction of. the tliorousrhturc. DiSOQBYING MATOn's Ordeb.— William Z&nry; Clarke was fined £> and casts for disobeying the Mayor's order respecting the removal of a nuisance. Fraud on Importers.—Several packages, pnrportiHg- to contain boots and shoes, hare been im ported Into Adelaide, which, on being opened, were found. to contain ashes, broken glass, and other rubbish.. The goods were ail from the same Loniioa house, although imported by different Adelaide merchauU, among whom, we arc informed, are Messrs. Solomon, Marks, and Peacock. It is supposed that the fraudfwas committed by the packers. Boston's National CrsciTS.—Tliis popular place of amusement has been well attended every evening, and many ladies have taken advantage of the tine weather to pay it a visit. Several novelties have been introduced. One amongst them has been the performance of Jfolracs and Cristoff with the i perch, or perpendicular balancing-pole, which was ! held firmly by the former while the latter ascended with monkey-like agility, spinning round tbe pole, stretching himself at full length upon its top, and in various other ways displaying his own skill and that of his athlctie supporter. Another novelty, firstintroduced on Monday evening was the noble Newfoundland dog, Neptune, a | truly splendid fellow, and trained most wonderfully. He began, by running round the ring in the manner of the horses, and at a word from Burton retraced his | steps. A second word put him into a trot; and : ia that pace he crossed several low leaping-bars. Then Neptune acted tbe lady, going through a polka with his master in a way which astonished every one, and keeping time to the music with perfect correctness. Alter that ho was a horse again, and took several rasp ing leaps at full gallop. Then he went through a waltz with the same skill he had displayed in the polka, and finally showed the company how he had contrived to crawl under a fowl-house door and steal a turkey. The e'ever fellow made a decided hit, and we fancy he will prove one of the most popular actors in Adelaide. On the same evening. Barlow, who is a really clever come dian, as well as being an accomplished rider, personated several characters from Oliver Twist in a most effective manner, and finished with a graceful shawl dance. On Taesday'the second part of the per formances was diversified by the introduction of a pan tomimic comedy, entitled ".The Ghost; or, the Adven tures of a Night." It was very spiritedly gone through,, and was given with quite as much effect as could bo expected under circumstances necessarily so disadvanta geous for tbe production of a performance of this kind.; The last scene, in which the unlucky trembling wights— I master and servant—were chased by tbe ghosts, was ; was ludicrous, and elicited roars of laughter. The conversational interludes by Burton and Holmes are I among the most amusing features of the entertainments, I and it is due to them to say that their broad humour : Is wholly free from vulgarity or coarseness. Burton's NationAii Circus,—There were several novelties introduced into the performance last evening, which fully met the expectations of a largo company attracted by their announcement. Barlow, in a pantomimic sketch, personated in rapid trans formation several mythological characters. Holmes and CrUtoff repeated the wonders of La Perche. Mr. Burton, as a dashing - Meltonion, rode and managed two hunters with ease, elegancft and spirit. He was much and deservedly applauded in the course and at the conclusion of his surprising feats. A day performance was announced for Monday next, to accommodate the juvenile members of families^residing out of town. That of course to be in addition to the usual evening exhibition. Dior a mic Exhibition.—A dioramic view of the various events of the Crimean war, from the timn the first transport left Plymouth to the blowing up of j the fortresses of South Sebastopol, has been Imported in i the Jane Pirie to the order of Messrs. Monkbonse and ' Lester, who have it in contemplation to exhibit the views in Adelaide as early as possible. Prom the descrip tion of them winch we have received, we are led to be lieve that they are of a superior character, being painted by an artist who has already distinguished in Europe and America. City and Port Bailway.—Yesterday after noon the character of the works on this railway wa&well; tested by the last train dispatched for the Port. ■ It consisted of no fewer than 16 carriages and trucks drawn by one engine. Notwithstanding the enormous weight of this, the largest traiu taken down the line, the "iron horse" proved*"perfectly staunch, accomplishing tbe distance in little more than the allotted time. The return from the Port was equally expeditious.. St, Mast's Sunday-School, Kooringa,— The first half-yearly meeting of the above school took place on Thursday, 3rd instant when about 66 chil dren belonging to the school assembled together. The j Bcv. Mr. ihboteon delivered a most suitable and impres sive address to the children, and awarded 58 prizes to them for punctuality ia attendance; learning, and general good behaviour. The children were then re galed with the ever-welcome tea and cake provided for them by several of the kindladies of Kooringa. The tea over there was a general scramble for sweetmeats— a pastime the ruing generation are invariably pleased with—thus ending a very pleasant afternoon, Necessity op a Classification op Pa ixyrs.—It has been recently ascertained that ISO years ago a patent was taken out for a revolver; ana, cot many years since, a patent for a reaping-machine, very similar to some of those of later dates; and one well known invention lias been patented no less than 14 times. The oblong bullet, of which there has been so much written and eaid, is by no means new. In 1776 Emerson, the mathematician, wowed that a round ballet, from mechanical lawe, must always go mooted- bat when made oblong, something lite a slug, with all sides alike, the air acts egnally, and the irregular force and effect are prevented.—Ibid. Editing a paper is like m«Hr.,r a gpg—every body supposes he can do it "a little better than anybody else." We have seen people doubt their fitness for apple-peddling, driving oxen, or counting lath; hot in all our experience we never met the individual who did not thinkne could "double the circulationn <jf any paper in two months.—Exchange. - Extraordinary Surgical Operation;— At Baiaklavn a private of the 5th Dragoons bod a plec of one ofius longs palled ontside fais breast by the lance of a Russian. On coming/under the care of JDr. JWCullncki Of the: came mgiment,.it :was considered advisable to cot off a portion of the long, which wis ekllfiiUy performed by Dr, hfCollock, and "MR ho* recovered, 