MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. 3rd June, 1856 The Council met yesterday afternoon at Three o'clock, p.m. Present:—Mr. Emmctt, J.P., Chairman; Councillors Simons, Sullivan, and Harney. MINUTES. The Town Clerk read the minutes of the previous meeting which were confirmed. CORRESPONDENCE. The Town Clerk read copies of letters sent by him to the Chief Secretary, Mr. Inspector Kirk, and others also received from Mr. Inspector Kirk, in reference to the removing of the Junction Camp within the White Hill's Hamlet, stating it to be in his opinion hardly necessary at present; but pro mising to forward the matter to head quarters. Also, a Proclamation whereby the Town and Country Police Act, sections 5 to 10, are extended to the Sandhurst Municipality. Also, from Messrs. Linsley aud Winstanley, withdrawing their tender for works in Mitchell street. Also, from Alfred England, appealing against the assessment of his properly in Hargraves-street, Market-square. Also, the following from Messrs. W. and G. Lansell:— , "To the Chairman and Councillors of the Municipality of Sandhurst." Gentlemen,—Understanding that you are about to pass a Bye-Law that will have the effect of stopping melting on our premises, thereby virtually putting an end to our business, we beg to lay before you a few remarks, trusting that before such a step is taken the undermentioned reasons may be taken_into consideration. " 1st. This trade is permitted to be carried on without interference or interruption in all Cities and Towns in Europe and America, as well as in this and neighboring Colonies, we need scarcely mention, as the whole of your members must be aware of the large establishments in Melbourne, Sydney and Adelaide, as well as in Kilmore and Castlemaine. '2nd. The smell, though offensive, is not unwholesome. '3rd. Should not the manufacture of native productions be encouraged in a town at such a distance from the seaport of the Colony ? '4th. That as soon as we can, we intend melt ing by steam, and then the premises will be as free from anything offensive as any place of business in the town. " 5th. We have for three years labored hard at our business, and expended a large amount of money upon our premises and apparatus, and we would put it to the good sense of the" Members of Council, whether it would be just to us, to entail upon us without cause the loss of the whole of our property, and would respectfully ask|the individual Members to think how they would feel the matter, were they in our position. " 6th. That the petition against us lately pre sented to you, was got up by a person who is not a purchaser of the land on which he resides, and that our nearest neighbors do not complain of us. We do not intrude more on your time, trust ing that what we have advanced may meet with due consideration, and that as we have to the best of our power done all that we believe our duty to do, as citizens we may not be fettered in onr en deavours to prosecute a trade, which if succesful, will be as beneficial to the town as any branch of industry that is or may be introduced to it. " We are Gentlemen " Yours most respectfully, W. AND G. LANSELL." Sandhurst, May, 26, 1865. rkpoht or tub inspector of nuisances. .Sandhurst, 3rd June, 1050".. To tlic Worshipful the Chairman of the Municipal Council of Sandhurst. Sir,—I have Ihc honor to refer you to a letter from the Council directing 111c to proceed against the owners of inflammable chimneys, according to a clause in the Town-and Country Police Act, 18 Vic., No, 14, cap. 10, and to report that thc.clausc in question is almost totally inoperative, a very large proportion of the chiuinics coming under its provisions having been crected long previously to the extension of the Act to tlie township of Sand hurst. I have received numerous complaints from the owners of property within the municipality, of the serious damage caused by the puddling machines. [ need only refer the Council to the fearful and dangerous state of that portion of High-street, opposite Messrs. Clissoldand Ensor, and yesterday I was called upon to visit the premises of Messrs. Elliott and Hill, brewers, near Oak- street, portion A, which on several occasions have nearly been flooded from the sludge from several machines in the rear. OakTstreet, although cut np by old dig gings is daily becoming worse from the drains cut in it, and the main street in front of the Clydes dale Hotel will, unless the evil is immediately cheekcd, become as bad as the remaining portion of High-street. In a case in which I found it necessary to proceed on Friday last, the Bench de clined to order the removal of the mochines, although situated upon municipal property, con sidering that the order should emanate from the Council. With the sanction of the Council I also purpose proceeding according' to the terms of (lie Act against all parties neglecting- to have their names and addresses properly pointed upon their carts and drays, previously, however, advertising to'that effect. for ten days. This step is absolutely neces sary from the difficulty I have experienced in find, ing out the owners of runaway horses and carts, mail}- cases of wli ch have lately occurred, I have the honor to be, Sii, your vory obedient servant,. Jas. Willis Townsend, After the reading' of this report a desultory con versation ensued, Councillors Simons and Sullivan finding fault with the decision given last week in the case of a wan summoned for haying and work ing a puddling machinc in a public street, arid who was dismissed. Councillor Simons could not sec why poor men fqr leaving their horse and cart for a few moments were fined £1, and Mr. Williams for riding at speed under the voffttidqlis in Pall Mai ipstei}d cjP being £5 was let oft* with 10s., he conceived it was bringing the law into disrepute. Councillor Harney considered that the Council had no right to express any decided opinino on the matter, he conceived tliey would only Vyo that right wlipn tliey had a polipc cpurt of their own. After some time it was decided tlio Town-Clerk should write to the Attorney-General with respect to the clause in the "Town and Country Police Act," 113 Vie., No, 14, pap, 10., complained qf. Councillor H[arney move?] the suspension of the. Standing Qrdprs while the Council debated on the advisability of memorializing the Governor on tin1 state of the roads, After some discussion Coun cillor Harney moved and Councillor Simons se conded " Tj|«t <•( memorial bo forwarded to the Oflicer administering the Government calling, his attention to |,ho gross neglect of (lie Cpntral Road Board in not atfu!H!iijg tq tl)e acjyjaa Qf the Muiii .cipal Council in making good the roads approach ing to Sandhurst, which for a long time past and at present arc diingerous both to lite and limb, and praying his immediate interference in tho-matler.'' The Council thpn- resumed, HEFQUT OF THE TOWN SURVEYOR.' ■ • • • The Town-Survoyor gave in an approximate estimate of the cost of clearing stump, filling holes, and making passable crossings over two small gullies in Rfiglar(-street, White frills. ... H^TE pOI;J,EOTOn. The ColleeloV of Kates j.-cporteii that 965 notices had been.served, and that it would take from teji to fourteen days to finish, Hp informed tho Coun cil that one pqitjoj] qf the townspeople treated him and the Council with great respect, while another party displayed a very bad spirit, finding great fault with the Council and cQinphwing 'hey were doing nothing,, artfl the small holders wished him particularly tq impress on the notice of the Coun cil the bud state qf the roads. HKl'OHT 01' THE C0M.MITTKB Cpmmittts JJpptiiig, ' l?fiduy,.May 30thi lOflO. Present: Tho ^Chairman, Councillors^ Sullivan anil Haycock, ; The Committee recoiinnended the acceptance of Winstanlev mid Linsley's tender provided they found suflicient securities* 1ITI. e Committee having examined (into tlio cal culations made by the Surveyor of the" cost of lamps and lighting regret lo say that the funds at the disposal of the Council are not for this year sufficiently large to warrant the serious outlay which ;in approximate lighting even would cost. The Committee recommend that the Bye Laws j restraining noisome and offensive trades, ,be I passed as amended. Thci Committee recommends that the land al lotted as the Back Creek Cemetery be applied for, for the benefit of the Municipality, to be fenced in by them and properly arranged. The Committee .recommend that the plans an<1 specifications for general formation of streets as proposed in the Surveyor s Report of 22nd April, be adopted, further that tenders be advertised for, oil that system as streets arc selected by the Council. In reference to the Pall Mall Roadway, the Com mittee recommend that the footpath be curbed with four-inch hardwood plank 011 end, footpath repaired with washed gravel, water channel three feet wide paved with wooden blocks, road hollows filled up, coated with approved gravel four inches thick 20 feet from the channel, extending from' Mitchell-strcct to the far side of Mundaystreetand drain earth formation down Munday-strect. J. F. SULLIVAN, Chairman Councillor Sullivanjuioved, and Councillor Simons seconded—" That the Report of Committee be adopted."—Carried. TENDERS. . . As 'Messrs. Winstanlcy and .Linsley had not I fulfilled the conditions attached to their tender, Councillor Sullivan moved, and Councillor Simons seconded—" That Mr. Cragobe informed his ten der :s accepted."—Carried. . . . BYE-I.AWS. The Council, on the motion of Councillor Sulli van; seconded by Councillor Simons, unanimously passed the Bye-Laws, restraining noisome trades as follows:— MUNICIPALTY OF SANDHURST—BYE-LAW NO. 6. A Bye-Law to provide for the compelling residents to keep their premises free from offensive and unwholesome matters, the restraining of noisome and offensive trades, and the preservation of public health;— Whereas by an act of the Lieutenant Governor and Legislative Council of Victoria, 18 Vic. No. 15, entitled, ''An act for the establishment of Municipal Institutions in Victoria," it is amongst other things enacted that, it shall be competent for every Municipal Council to make Bye-Laws for the compelling residents to keep their premises free from offensive and unwholesome matters, the restraining noisome and offensive trades, and the preservation of public health ; and whereas by a proclamation of his Excellency the Governor, of Victoria, dated the 23rd day of April, 1853, the district of Sandhurst was duly established a Muni cipal District, under the provisions and within the meaning of the said Act; and whereas it is indis pensable to the comfort and health of the inhabi tants that their premises should be kept free from noxious and offensive matters, that certain noisome and offensive trades should be restrained, and that the public health should be preserved : Be it therefore, ordered and directed by the Municipal Council for the district of Sandhurst, that from and after the date of this Bye-Law receiving the assent of his Excellency, the officer admin istering the Government of Victoria, as re quired by the provisions of the said act, all persons who shall allow any animal or vegetable matter to accumulate upon their premises to the annoyance and injury of their neighbors, or who shall not remove such offensive matter at least once iu every seven days, or who shall pump or bale out the bilge or stagnant water from the wells or cellars in their occupation before the hour of 10 o'clock p.m. or after the hour of 8 o'clock a.m., or who shall melt tallow or render down any fat, offal, or refuse of any description whatever, for the purpose of making candles or soap for sale, or who shall burn bones, rubbish, or any animal or vegetable matters, or who shall carry on the manufacture of gas or charcoal or the business of tripe dressing, or any other calling which shall be deemed by the local authority to be offensive to the surrounding neighborhood or injurious to the public health, except at such rea sonable distance from the inhabited portions of the Municipality as the said authority shall per mit, shall upon conviction thereof, before two or more Justices of the Peace, forfeit and pay a penalty of not less than one pound or exceeding five pounds for the first offence, not less than five pounds nor more than twenty pounds for any second or subsequent offence. And for the pur pose of this bye-law the occupiers of premises shall be liable to the above recited penalties REGULATING FOOTPATHS. . The bye-laws regulating foot-paths, &c.;, were, on the motion of Councillor Sullivan, seconded by Councillor Simons, " referred back to committee;"'' OltDKUS OF Till? DAY. The Chairman rose, pursuant to notice, to movo, " That a petition frem the Council be pre. pared, to be presented to the now Leglsla tive Council, praying tliatan endowment be made to the Municipality of the wliolo or a portion of the . proceeds Qf land alienated or leased within, the boundary for the purpose of the improvement of the town, and especially this resolution be sent to the various Municipalities of the country, calling upon them to take action upon and support tlio resolution." Councillor Sullivan begged to seoond It, remark ing he,had mentioned it to the Chief Secretary long before n municipality was thought of. Councillor Simons considered it was a'question of such vital importance that a public meeting of the inhabitants ouget to be called to agitate the question, Hu considered unless tf\oy hud a por tion of the money grantpd them they had not the ghost of a plmnee of ever effecting the improve ments necessary to be carried out, and when onoo they were carried out the rates alone would keep tlio thine coins'. Tliu "Chairnwn suggesting there was plenty of time to iio|c\ public meetings, as well, tlie Council uimnimously carried the proposition. BRANCH POST OFTlCtiS, Councillor Simons rose to ihqvo, pursuant to | notice—" That the Qqunoi) communicate with the Government respecting the necessity of immedi ately establishing branch post offices for the eon- I vcnienccof the inhabitants of the White HiUs and Golden-square." Councillor Sullivan- seconded it, and it was carciod vjnuiumously. QOVKIINMKKT GRANT, The Chairman roportod he had reeeived £37^0 from the Treasury as a moiety of tho Govern meut grunt, which h'c had paid over to the' Treasurer. He also informed the Council that as soon as they required it tho other uioiety was ready to be paid. NOTIPKS 0¥ MOTION. , By Councillor Simons — "That tenders for 'works In liaglau-street, in accordance with the surveyor's report, be advertised for. By Councillor Simons—" That Mr. Pan^n, b«j. applied to relative to certain sun>$ of monoy re-? ceived from diggers fo.r Ici^vc to dig. in Hargreave3 street aim o.tUuv streets belonging to the MtinU cipal Council, as pledges that the hales should be refilled. The Council tlton adjoumed. 