REVIEW. , (From the Examiner, October 13.) HUtory of the American Revolution. By GEOIIOE BAN- CROFT. . Vol. III. Bentley. History of the Origin,-'Formation, and Adoption of the Costitution of the United S tatet, trieft Notice» of it» principal Framer». By? GKOROE TICIINOR Crans. In 3 volumes. Vol. I. Low arid Son. The date lipon the title-page of each of these important volumes conveys some reproach to us, for it is 1854, and we are only now, towards the clo3e of 1855, taking advantage of a lull in the book season to express our high apprecia- tion of their value. The third volume of Mr. Bancroft's History is certainly, thus far, the best. Its topic is that crisis of affairs which reached its climax, when, after the colonies were united in a determina- tion to resist to the uttermost any attempt to introduce taxed tea from England, Lord North's Government, giving full effect to the obstinate policy of George III, . carried the Boston Port Bill and committed itself past recovery. In this history of mismanage- ment, and its concurrent history of the gradual growth of opinion and resistance, we have a series of highly interesting details. It is the story on one hand of an utter absence of administrative talent in the English Goven ment, and of the immense disservice done to it by Bernard and not a few other colonial officials, whose reports were in. the highest degree calculated, to give falso impressions,, On the other hand it is the story of a, people loyal, well affeoted, and soberly disposed to believe that there was nothing on earth more politically safe and glorious than the consti- tution of Great Britain,-slowly and surely forced into an opposite opinion. In the history^ of the world there is no record of any revolution so free from excess, so slow and, necessary in its growth (considering the race on which it was forced), so wisely and tem- perately sustained, in the whole course of its progress, and, as a consequence, so complete ami stable in its ultimate results. It is a mere matter of course, therefore, that the heart, of every .English student of the American Bevolution should in these days be entirely with the Americans; and this narra- tive _ by Mr. Bancroft, of its ;."Third Epoch theCrisis," is only the more to be relished be- cause tile narrator, warming with his subject, knows how to make-his readers generously sensible of all that was manifest and noblest in. the conduct of his countrymen. V In the com- position of, the" book" Mr.' Bancroft's zealous industry, and- (though, in a less-yet- in- a-great degree) his personal position have secured for him access to" government_archives and family, papers, and'such an extraordinary mass of the best kind of historic material as falls to the lot of very few historians. Proximity of time alone, indeed, would necessarily ensure ' for a work like this an abundance .'of authentic detail, greater than could, possibly .exist concerning the affairs of a remoter day; But of tho sudden and : great breach between Britain and the American colonies, all the states of Europe other contests being hushed-were singularly inquisitive spectators ; and upon few historical events have there been so many' contemporary persons of all nations engaged in setting dawn their '.notes. ' The use made by Mr. Bancroft of all these advantages is 'remark- ably- effective. He has at hand tho exact words spoken,--wherever they were significant words,--by every person in tho drama. Arid as. this third act, " The Crisis" represents' a crisis', in the growth and : conflict of opinion, nothing could tend more to render the account of ;it life-like, vigorous, and trustworthy, than this .constant expression; of men's thoughts; not at second-hand, but as it was' in their ' own natures and characters to utter them.' Let us add that the'American historian ha's in the volume,before us shown greater skill than in its predecessors, in [giving a dramatic colour', to: his narrative without resort to rhetoric. The little rhetoric that does' form a portion of the book is confined to a few sen- tences, and apart from these Mr. Bancroft dis- plays the manly eloquence belonging to good sense, right knowledge/ and sound feeling. We have a good example of it in his character of George III; of whom, and of whose relations with Lord North, the view hero taken resem- bles that of Lord Brougham. Indeed it has been founded partly on a perusal in MS. ' of those confidential letters lately printed in tho « Lives of Statesmen.' ??'' .He had many'qualitios that become a sovereign,-tem-, peranco, regularity, ' and' industry : decorous manners, and unaffected piety : frugality in his personal expenses, so that his pleasures, laid no burden on his people; a moderation .which made him ever averse to wars of con- quest; courage which dared to assume responsibility, and could even contemplate death serenely ; a fortitude that met accumulated dangers without ? lunching, and ? rose with adversity. . ., , - , , , Hut.las mind was bigoted, morbidly impatient of being ruled, and yet bimsolf incapable of reconciling tho de- mands of civilisation with tho establishments of the past.. He was.the great founder and hoad of the now Tory or Conservative party, which had become dominant through his support. . , To that cause all his instincts wore blindly true '; so that throughout his career, he was consistent in his zeal for authority, his hatred of reform, mid his anti- pathy to philosophical freedom of inquiry and to popular power. On these points ho was inflexibly, obstinate nnd undisguised ; nor could he bo justly censured for dissi- mulation, except for thatdisingenuousncss which studies the secret characters of men in order to use them as its instruments. No one could toll whethor tho King really! liked .him. He could Hatter, ; c.ijolo and humour,-. or frown and threaten : he could conceal tho sonso of injuries and forget good service ; bribe the corrupt 'by favours, or terrify deserters by punishment. In bestowing rewards, it was his rule, as faros possible, to preserve the dependence of his favourites by making nono but revocable grants ; and he required of his friends an implicit obedience. Ho was willing to govorn through Parliament, yet did not conceal his readiness to staud by his Ministers, even though they should find themselves in a minority and was sure that ono dny tho Government must disrogard majorities.' I ' With a strong physical frame, ho had also a nervous susceptibility which mada'him rapid in his utterance; and so impudent of contradiction, that he novor could bear the presence of a Minister who resolutely differed from him, and was easily thrown into a stato of high excitement, bordering upon madness. Anger, wliioh changed Chatham'into a seor, pouring, Hoods of light upon his mind, and quickening his discernment, served only to oloud or disturb the mind of George III, so that ho could.not hide'his thoughts from, those about him,- and, if using the pen, could neither spell correctly nor write co- herently. Heneo, tho proud, unbending Grenville was his aversion ; and his years with tho compliant Lord North, though full of publie disaster's, wero the happiest of his life. ' Conscious of his devotion to tho cause of legitimate.authority, and viewing with complacency ' his own correctness of morals, ho identified hiinsolf with the causo which ho venerated. ' His eye did not rest on colonial liberty or a ppople struggling towards moro intelligence and happiness ; tho Crown was to him the emblem of all rightful power. Ho had that worst quality of evil, that ho, AS it were, adored himself ; and regarded opposition to his designs as an offence against integrity and patriotism. He thought no exertions too great to crush tho spirit of revolution, and no sufferings or punishment too cruel or too Bcvero for those whom, he esteemed as rebels. The illness and secession of Chatham, and the bold assumption by Charles Townshend of a lead in colonial affairs,, are elements of the narrative worked out with a remarkable dis- tinctness in tlie early ; chapters . of the volu me. After Charles Townshend came Lord North. At that time Lord North was thirty-five years old, having seen the light in the Borne year with Washington. Wliile the great Virginian employed himself as a careful planter, or fulfilled his, trust as a colonial legislator, or in his hour of leisure, leaning against the primeval oaks on tho lawn at MountjVernon, in full view of the thickly forested hill which now bears tho Capitol, mused on the destinies of his country, and resolved to, preserve its liberty, Lord North entered the cabinet, in which he was to remain for fifteen of the most eventful' years in tho history of Britain. - He'wns a minister after the King's own heart ; not brilliant, but of varied and sxtensive knowledge ; good-humoured and able ; opposed to repub- licanism, to reform, and to every popular measure. He had voted for tho Stamp Act, and against its repeal ; and had been foremost in the pursuit of Wilkes. Though cho- leric, he was of nn easy temperament ; a friend to peace, yet not fearing war ; of great personal courage,which however partook something of apathy; rarely violent ; never en- terprising; of such moderation in his ambition, his wishes, and his demands, that he seemed even dis- interested. His judgment was clear and bis perceptions quick ; but his will was feeble ; a weakness which only endeared him tho more to his royal master, making his presence soothing, not hy arts of flattery, but by the qualities of Iiis nature. Ho took a leading part in tho conduct of affairs, just ns the people of America were discussing tho character of the new Bevequo Act, whioh the King had not suggested ; which no living member of the cabinet would own; which Grafton, the prime Minister, described as '« absurd but which was left as the fatal bequest of Charles Townshend to his successors and his country. At about this time the people of Boston, pro- testing before the Governor against the re- sumption of their office by the Board of Customs, expressed what was then the spirit of the colonies. . ? k j « Tc, contend with aux jmmX «tato fe tho wost aback, ing and dreadM extremity, hut tamely to relinquish th« only aeoutity wo «nd our posterity retain for the enjoy-, went of our lives and properties, without one struggle, is so humiliating and Dose, that we cannot support the reflection. It is at your option to proveut this dis- tressed and justly incensed people from effecting toa much, and from the shame and reproach of attempting too little." We quote Mr. Bancroft's narrative of one other well-known incident, tlie settlement of Tennessee by persecuted farmers, who, under the name of Regulators, had combined against what they held to bo illegal taxation in North. Garolina. The governors of South Carolina and of Virginia'were requested not to harbour the fugitives. But the far wil- derness offered shelter beyond the mountains, and the savages seemed comparatively mild protectors. Without concert, instinctively impelled hy discontent, and thu wearisomeness of life exposed to bondage, mon crossed the Alleghanies, and descending into the basin of tho Tennessee, made their homes in tho vnlloy of the Wata uga. There no lawyer followed them; there no King's governor came to be their lord ; there tlie flag of Eng- land never waved. They rapidly oxtended their settle- ments ; hy degrees they took possession of tlie moro romantic banks of tho broader Nellichucky, whoso sparkling waters spring out of tho tallest mountains in the range.. Tho climate was invigorating; 'the health-giving westerly wind blew ut all seasons; in spring tho wild crab-apple filled tho air with tho sweetest of perfumes. A fertile soil gave to industry good crops of maize; the clear streams flowed plea santly without tearing Hoods ; where the closest thiakot* of spruce and rhododendron flung the cooling shade furthest over the rivor, trout abounded. The elk and the red deer were not wanting in tho natural parks of oak and hickory, of maple, olm, black ash, and buokeye. Of quails, and turkeys, and pigeons, there was no eud. The golden eagle built its nest on the topmost ledge of the mountain, and might bo seen wheeling in wide circles high above the pines, or dropping Uko a meteor upon its prey. The black beor, whoso flesh was held to ho tho most deUcate of meats, grow so fat upon tba nbundant acorns and ehesnuts, that he could be rua down in a race of three hundred yards ; and sometimes the hunters gave chase to tho coward pan- ther, BtroDg enough to beat off twenty dogs, yet flying from one. Political: wisdom is. not sealed up in rolls and parchments. It walled up in the forest, like tho waters from the hill-side." To acquire a peaceful title to their lands, the. settlers despatched James Robertson as thoir envoy' to tho council of the Cherokees, from whom ho obtained sincera promises of confidence and friendship, and a lease of the.territory of the infant colony.. For government, its members came together as brothers in convention, and already in 1779, they-founded a republic by a written association, appointed their own magistrates,,;Jarnos Robertson among tho first ; framed laws for their present occasion ; and " set to the people of America the dangerous exemplo of orocting themselves into' a, soparato state, distinct from, ana independent of, tho authority" of the British king. What we haye thus quoted will show some- thing of tho matter and tlie manner, of. tho latest volume of this able history. The stoiy of the active Revolution now begins, and tho historian has warmed to his theme. His book, when complete, will not disappoint the public expectation. . In tho meantime, awaiting the sequel of Mr. Bancroft's narrative, we may pass directly from his third volume to the first volume of Mr. Curtis, who takes up the tale where Mr. Bun croft's introduction to it ends, and handles it not indeed as a complete history of' tho revolu- tion, but; with a special purpose, ns a history of the revolution considered exclusively in its bearings on tho form of government to which it led. Herc, in fact, a most carefully digested and well-written Constitutional History of tho Great Federal Republic of America, is begun, by Mr. Curtis, a lawyer of deserved eminence ;in Boston. The first only of its two vol unios is now beforo us ; and we shall therefore havo an opportunity, on its completion, of discussing it moro fully. For the present Ave must ho con> tent simply to place on record our opinion of its great merit. Tho first volume ends iii tlie middle bf a series of admirably- executed biographic, skctchos of tlie. Framers of tho Constitution. A CHIMKSE EXECUTION.-While inside the walls i of Shangbae, I saw some soldiers passing, and soon learned that a Chinese execution was about to take placo.; I followed the "crowd on to tba place, whero sovoral thou- sand spectators were soon assembled. Underlings wcro bustling about, with duo self-importance, to clear tho ground. Presently tho heralds that always precode a mandarin's train wore hoard, and in a short time th roo men were dragged into tho midst of tho crowd with much parade and noise, and instantly forced on thoir knees. I rodo sufficiently near to got a good view of them, and then awaited tho conclusion. Tho Mayor of the town, or jndgo of the County, whichever ho may.be called as ho combines both office?, carno immediately lifter thom in his sedan. . From this ho alighted, robed und hooded in red, tho official dress on such occasions. Ho quietly seatod himself on a stool just boyond tho prisouors, who wcro immediately turned round to fuco him, and as quickly turned hack again. Piles of sol- diers on eithor sido of the path wore keening off tho crowd, while men between them woro brandishing thoir hoavy knives us if ready for action. A moment moro a short suspenso-a demonino shout from tho crowd, and-" Off wont their heads," you soy. By no moans ; hut they had taken off tho bend of another man further down tho path, whom I had not seen. By tho timo tho lioad touched tho ground thero was' a goneral rush Jo dip cash, and anything the people had about them, ia tho blood. Such things aro afterward used aa omulots to scare off ghosts, euro evil diseases, and tho like. Thoso who get tho first dip nro reckoned fortunato,'as their araulots aro much moro frightful to ghosts. As soon as tho execution was over, tho three prisoners were marched back with tho mandarin's train. Notwithstanding I have boon accustomed. to expect things tobo dono here just the reverso of what they aro in America, I must acknowledge I was not proparod to see thrco ciiminnls brought to execution, and thon another mnn loso his head. This is but another proof that "the Chineso aro our antipodes in ninny things beside location." I was afterward in formed the three men wore'brought out to seo tho execution asa warning of what would bo their fate should they persist in evil doing-a very paternal admonition in this patri- archal Government 1 The,head was taken away to be bung up at ono of the city gntes as a terror to all offenders. Tho body was loft on tho ground, where tile superstitious crowd woro pulling, pressing and almost fighting to get a dip into tho blood. Waiting till I became disgusted with their brutality, I put whip to roy horse and told them to clear tho way. Tho rush waa now in a contrary direction, I assure you, and I modo my exit amid a roar of laughter from the good-natured multitude. I afterward inquired of the Chineso tho meaning of the shout raised whou the man was hehcadad, and learned tho following ghost story :-"They believe when a man dies, bis soul becomes a ghost goad, or bad, according to the chnracter of tho man when alive. When a liad man is killed, his ghost, of course, wishes to seok another dwelling. Tho specta- tors of an execution, each fearing the ghost may scizo upon, or possess him, are all anxious to scare him off. and heneo thc clamorous shout, the moment tho head leaves tho body. I am also credibly informed that tho mandarins are likewiso afraid of these ghosts, and toke particular pains to tell the persons whom they condemn that it is not they who do it, but tho Emperor-they being merely his servants to executo his laws.-Corre, tpondent of the Nev) York Tribune. . PZBL-IUVEB DIOOIKOS.-Our diggings oro agnin look- ing up, after one of the dullest spells wo 1-OTO over expe- rienced. The great quantity of rain that has fallen pre- vented many parlies from working, and loud complaints were being made of the hard times; but tho settled appearance of tho weather now cires token of a chango for tho better. At BineU'B Gully, on tho Pocl, thoy oro making half an ounce per day to the man in nearly all of tho claims, and some aro doing much bettor. On '"tho 3rd instant, a man of the name of Burns found a speci- men of gold and quartz weighing forty-eight ounces. It was taken out of the surface, about haifa mile below tho stores of Messrs. Davis and Brodford. This is tho largest nugget ever obtained on tho Peel, and is supposed to contain about thirty ounces of gold. Happy Talley is again turning out well, though many are still prevented from working on account of water. £Wo havo had an opportunity of infecting the nugget mentioned hyour correspondent; Mr.- kindly colled nt our office. and showed it to us. It is worth about £100. The gold pervades the quartz in broad streaks, and. according to competent judges, amounts to about 30 ox. ia weight.] Editor Hunter River Journal. 