T'ilIRD LETTER OF THE REV. DR. CAHILL. .Til, HIS . RXORM.EHOY .THE. EARL OP CARLIStE. J'iib Reverend Doctor in his preceding letter— ??.liven incur .columns last week— -has satisfacto ?iiy proved that history contaftsno page so black —except where it is blond red— as that of Eng- ?? ; rtd's Reformation. His third letter is equally v iwerful and convincing. : ' Belfast, April 2-L, 18/5G. 'My Lord — In consequence of some bitter i ? nsure passed on me by u portion of the Protes ! i. it Press for the two letters I had the honour to ? lilress to your Excellency, I deem it just to nyself, and perhaps necessary lo the readers of 'i ifse communications, to state in a'fuller expla ?. ition,tho honest motives which, have influenced ?!!j in undertaking the subject. And if I .'mistake' '.?'tj I think . I nm adopting some sentiments, ?. iiich you are reported to have expressed on \- veral occasions within the last ten years. I'.very one who has studied European Politics ?vithin the last forty years, could not fail to ?- serve that the undisguised aim of the Russian ? ' mrt, bas been during this period to control, !'..! to subjugate, not only some of her indepen 1 ' nt neighbouring states, but even to usurp nn . '.'gimate predominance over the entire con ? ;'.t:nt of Europe. I understood your Excellency ? ?? liave called this Russian movement ' a battle t races, for the supremacy of Europe.' This ?'.?a too bas often been expressed by the first ;.ipoleon, with a prophetic knowledge in these ?I'i'r memorable words, ' Europe is verging fast .? one or two conditions of Government— 'namely, ? -issacK or jtepubliean. Hie late campaign in , ,.t! Crimea is a proof of the accuracy of his poll— .: :? yal prediction : and if Russia bad commenced ? -?'. i ?!? march on Constittinoplc in tho year 1 848, i nead of the year 1 853, there can now be no .... i'-mbt entertained of her successful establishment !' Cossack domination, and, perhaps, Cossack ^ -»VfMjjrion over the principal parts of -Europe. In .'.'?e year 1818 Lmns Pbillipe was expelled and iMnce was enveloped in the flames of revolution ; ?id .'England could give but little help to her mkish ally, within sight of such a formidable litical French volcano. Austria barely with ?? nd the assault on her own throne : and, hence, ? this powerless position of France and England, .'ussia could have entered the gates of Constnn-1 ? ople without much expenditure of blood and \- 'ney, and have held it with a future success iiicb would perfectly fulfil the Imperial prophecy ?? the First Kmperor of France. . ?' The Battle of Races' then, My Lord, being ' ? ided for the present, the' next great European Ml'ict is likely to be the ' Battle of Creeds.' !S1imp'ossible'tp mark the religious events daily uirring in Europe, without arriving in our day ? this conclusion on the future religious clement, ith much more logical certitude than the con ision similarly drawn by Napoleon in his day, the future political development. The Eccle ;tical History of England, of the Germanic tes, Denmark, Prussia, and Switzerland, as /vtrasted with the Church History of Austria, ??pies, Bavaria, France, and Ireland, exhibits ?eligious antagonism which approaches to na '«jZ rancour; and which, without doubt, iler circumstances favourable to either side, :inot fail to end in fiAuro national conflict. 3 great revolutionists in this case are England , :! her Religions Allies : she has long ago taken' . :.? revolutionary initiative. And while her spi ritual director's have thrown down all her ancient landmarks : and while her people are hourly verging towards novelties closely, allied to pal pable infidelity, her Literature, her Press, her Parliament, and her Pulpit are daily pouring forth a torrent of filthy abuse, of vulgar lies, and of indecorous national insult against everything Catholic in Europe. Neither tbe private hours of Catholic Kings and Queens, nor the unstained honor of the consecrated ministers of the altar, nor the inviolable secresy of conven tual life, devoted to God, nor the laws of social civilized society (which though the entire world are protected from opprobrious intrusion) can afford any guarantee from tbe foul aspersions — tbe degrading calumnies, and the premeditated ? forgeries which Biblical England incessantly vomits forth from her lying foundry on the Ca tholic monarebs, the Catholic people, the Catholic clergy, and the Catholic worship of Europe. Russia, too, participates in her share of this re formed vituperation. The Greek Church differs from the Latin original only in two points, namely, the supremacy of the Pope ; and again the Procession of tlie Holy Ghost from the Son ; and hence the English Biblical abuse of the Mass, tbe forgiveness of sms, Purgatory, Prayers for the dead, Nuns, and all the Sacra ments, is nearly equally shared between Alex ander and ourselves. That is, England and her Anglican allies are daily occupied in maligning the creed of All the Russias and all Catholic Europe. So reckless has been this English principle of calumny against everything Catholic, that the Queen of Spain was compelled, in the personal defence of her private character, to pass a law in- the year 1849, to expel from her dominions all English Biblical Journals. The Emperor of Austria, and the King of Naples were forced to do the same in the same year : and tbe future historian of Ireland will proclaim, before her un born children tbe phrenzied Biblical hatred of Catholicity, when he will publish, that in the Crimea, and under tbe very eye of Lord Kaglan and General Simpson, the Biblical emissaries from England, scattered Tracts of the grossest insult in tbe quarters of the Irish Catholic soldiers, almost in sight of the enemy, and in the very moment when these faithful Irish brave poor fellows were preparing to pour out their hearts' blood in defence of tbe honor, and the throne of England. The Catholic Church of France, of England, and of Ireland, has sent her consecrated Priests and her Ladies, to stand side by side with their brothers, their kindred, and their countrymen in the East, and to share death with them in the battle- field, for the maintenance of European liberty. The fidelity with which they shared in the deadly struggle forms the brightest page in the history of the Crimean campaign ; and the white stones, which the gallant 88th placed in the form of a cross, round the Priests' graves j and the willows which they planted at the head of the fresh red patches, over the dead Nuns, will stand an imperishable monu ment to upbraid England's ingratitude and Eng land's bigotry, towards the mouldering^ hearts that bled and died for her defence on the'battle field, far from their country and tbe home of their friends. So insatiable is this Biblical fury, that in tbe late debate on Maynootb, before the ink was dry in the signatures of the Plenipotentiaries at Paris, proclaiming the peace of Europe, which the Irish Catholic soldier contributed to establish, English and Irish Protestants, m four successive majorities, proclaimed their rancorous decision, against the education and state support of tlie living clerical brothers of the fallen Priests of the Crimea ; and against tbe clergy, who, by their teachings at home, and by their heroic example in the face of the armed foe, nerved the arm and cheered the courage of the men who died in de fending tbe name of a persecuting and perfidious nation. This Biblical fury, and this Parliamentary outrage on our claims to justice, will be read witb execration in all Catholic countries; and will, .more than ever in past time, awaken feelings of irrepressible indignation in the bosom of peoples who had never offended England's feelings ; and it will rankle in tbe heart of France, which has stood by the side of England in the deadly fight, and has never in our time calumniated England's creed by paid liars, or a base press. If this course be persevered in, tbe cry of nations will be raised to abate this aggressive movement on the conscience and faith of Cathnlic Europe : and if it be true that the past political aggression of Russia can bear no comparison with the calumnious domination which England and her adherents seek to exercise over her Catholic ' neighbours, it follows that a Battle of Creeds is more likely to embroil future Europe than the late Battle of Races. This prediction receives strength -from the character of tbe Catholic nations, which in point of literature, natural sciences, nndmilitnry pre-eminence, would feel insulted at being classed with a people mad with a savage bigotry^ and de . graded witb national vices, below the worst scale of European crime. In 'writing on this subject to your Excellency, I totally disclaim all intention of offending any Protestant in the empire. I must take leave to assure you that I am deeply read in the 'disas- trous 'character of Protestantism ' in Prussia and the German States. I am minutely acquainted with the total ignorance of even the rudiments of Christianity in the great mass of tbe English working classes : and I can place before you proofs which admit of no contradiction of the entire neglect of their professional duties by the English clergy ; and of the consequent spread of avowed infidelity by a large section of their countrymen. I wish also to add to this* statement tbe fact, that Infidels have never, in the history of Europe, been faithful to the Throne : their track is everywhere marked with regicide — they have ever been, since the sixteenth century, the dis turbers of tbe public social happiness, and they have been, and still are (wherever they are en couraged) the assassins of the Church and the State. I assert, therefore, with the utmost con fidence, that tlie Protestant Church in England is hastening a state of things which very soon may imperil the stability of tbe Throne : and I say, with assurance of perfect certitude, that the emissaries of the Bible Societies, both lay and clerical, in Ireland, are precipitating (by their un blushing lies and by their insatiable hatred of Catholics) a state of feeling both in this country and on tbe Continent which cannot fail, in due time, of being the fatal cause of national disaster. In this effort of mine to warn Protestantism against its presont'unsojial and calumnious course, I am actunted solely by ? desire to uproot the rancour and discord which these reckless men have generated and propagated throughout this country ; and if 1 should join my labours to a confederacy now being formed in England against the Church Establishment, it is in order to reduce the overgrown insolence of a bloated false hierarchy, which, like a swarm of locusts; devours the produce of tbe land for what are called profes sional services, but which in the appropriate use of language should be denominated the most prodigious grievance and tbe most mon strous injustice ever inflicted on a suffer ing people. Your Excellency is not to understand me as endeavouring to silence the preaching of their Gospel : God forbid tho time should ever arrive when any nation or set of men should have the power to silence the free expres sion of religious opinion : but I own I am endea vouring to keep the clergymen of all religious de nominations to preach their doctrines in their pulpits within their churches ; and not to degrade God's Gospel and to outrage the rules of common decency by employing the scum of society to in sult ladies' in the streets by their loathsome filth, to kidnap old beggars and ragged children by bribing their destitution and hunger, to preach openly in the thoroughfares perjury and apostary, and to swell the ranks of Protestantism by a course of conduct which would degrade any n|nn in society claiming the character of moral truth. This is not Christianity: it is perjury. This is not improving men : it is corrupting them. This is not charity : it is malevolence and insult. This is not liberty of conscience : it is the license of iniquity. This is not preaching : it is fighting in the streets : and I have it on the authority of an official witness, that in Kells alone, ten guineas were the usual sum expended 'at the Quarter j Sessions to defend the poor people from the ! furious asaults of the Soupers during the time they infested that town. ft must be always remembered that England has taken the initiative in this disastrous course of caluniny against Catholicity: but the time j may come when a Russo-French alliance, aided by a Neopolitan-Austrian confederacy, may com pel England to retrace her steps, and adopt a course of honour, justice, and conscience towards her faithful Catholic subjects. Nor have the present Reformers of England commenced their labours gratuitously : they have been forced into their present formidable position by the conduct of the Clergy, and by the ignorance, the crimes, and the infidelity of the people : nor have I joined in their attack as a volunteer : I, ton, as an Irish Priest, have been goaded into this confederacy by the unceasing lies of the Bible Societies against everything sacred in Ireland. And if I can aid others in abating the monster grievance of the country, I shall restore peace between Landlord and Tenant; 1 shall relieve religious and Honorable Protestants (a character which I most freely and mnst cheerfully admit) from the odium and the disgrace of being associated with the insulting calumnies of Bible- emissaries; I-' shall disen cumber the doctrines of Protestantism from the charges nf countenancing this flagitious oppro brium ; and I shall (as my own heart earnestly desires) lay the foundation of a happier future for Ireland, in the cordial union of all classes and creeds of her people. In my next letter to your Excellency, I shall eall yonr attention to the base working of those Bible Societies in Ireland ; I shall collect the speeches of some of the dignita ries of the Protestant Church on this subject ; and I shall demonstrate to you, that this who]e svstem tends to a public demoralisation, which the Government is bound to check, by all legiti mate means at its disposal. And I shall add, that the extinction, or, at least, the restraint, within the bounds of truth and decency of this pest of Ireland, of this obstacle of her social pro gress, would, through the influence of your Ex cellency, add another claim to the respect which the people of Ireland would be anxious to pay to the present Earl of Carlisle. I have tbe honour to be, my Lord, Tour Excellency's obedient servant, D. W. CAHILL, D.D. 