CONSTANTINOPLE AS IT IS. A gentleman who visited the Turkish capital so recently as the 3rd of April, sends his im pressions of it to one of the home journals, in a letter, of which the followine is a trans cript : — Perhaps a letter frcm Constantinople, de scribing it as I have just seen it, may hi worthy of its space in your paper, as it has been occu pying so large a space in the eye of the public iu consequence of the war. Some cL- iys ago, in going on deck in the morning, I fouud we were entering the Golden Horn, or Bay of tho city, and the scene before us was of the most sublime nature I have ever known described in the regions of fancy. The city of tlu Sultan partly faces the Sci of Marmora ; but from Seraglio Point, where thc Golden Horn commences, the city circumam bulates a bjy of the most extensive kind, and spreads onwards towards the Bosphorus in un ending gi-andeur, glittering with numerous domes, minarets, mosques, and towers of great loftiness ; while on the opposite side stands the town of Scutari, with the fine hospital and barracks. The splendid new palace of the Sultan, in finest Italian architecture, with its massive railings and green and golden gates which stand along this margin of the waters ; the new harem, and continued structures of vast dimension for the many Pashas who have their palaces here, ennoble the scene, and render it glowingly picturesque. You are delighted with the glitter, the gran deur, and the greatness of all ; and the immense shipping and capacious bay lead you to suppose you are going ashore to sec wonders, and mar vellously new sights that must transcend those of Paris or London. Alas ! the spell quickly dissolves. You row ashore, and, oh! I can scarcely taki you sud denly into tho awful, the melancholy delusion. Long ere you reach the wharves, a painful sen sation in the olfactory orgin seizes you with almost overpowering intensity. The quay is crowded to suffocation, and so broken up in holes from the rotten planks giving way, that you are like to fall through into the filthy margin of the sea at every 6tep, while the accu mulated dirt lies a foot deep everywhere, with the slight exception of partial footing. You shoulder your way through the crowd, thinking you will soon get into pleasant central streets, such as we can boast of in Britain. Oh! what a jnistake ; you pick your stcp3 through a continual dunghill, crowded as ever; for how can it bs otherwise when thc filth of seven hundred thousand inhabitants floats along the top of the streets, without a comrnon-scwer in the town ? And what streets ! Marrow winding acelivitou3 gutters of about eight feet wide, deepenini: to the centre, and the stonesafoot high alternate with hollows, or just the same as fixed rubbish that has fallen, und been trodden in by tho foot of a great popula tion ; so greasy, too, that if tvro persons am stagger side by side together, the one is sure to bespatter the other ; while the wooden houses, like old orange-boxes and coal-sheds, hang over your head all but supporting each other — raw effluvia everywhere. When you enter a street, it holds its tortuous way for such a time that there is no e-cape. If you keep looking at your feet, a strong fellow with a saddle on his rump coming half-bent with half a log of wood on lm bauk, or another with a hundred weight of iron bars, may go right through you before you are aware, or another with anim mcn«e burthen of boxes will entirely cram the street from side to side, or a regiment of camels with enormous burthens cause you to spring into the first open door you see, and stand trembling till they pass. I had read of this placa, I had formed a bad opinion of it, I had been told not to go ashore ; but what I have seen by doing so utterly beggars all description, and far exceeded my worst anticipations Nothing has been done to improve the sanitary condition of Stamboul since time im memorial. 2J o one seems to improve any place. All sit cro33-l'gge.1, smoking two-yard-long pipes at their shop entrances, which is neither a door nor a window, but a sort of platform, that closes down at night like a trap-door to a cellar. The Bazaar is also a sort of Hereu laneura, dark, and covered over with roof-, of some kind or other, supported by thousands of irregular pillars, while the countless intersecting lanes inside are also mud and filth gutters, and ths miles of shops, as before said, are boxes of tb3 most St. Giles like holes, even where the most fanciful articles are paraded for sale. 2fo doubt there may ba soms places farther on, or out of town, that may be tolerable, nay, even grand, but how can you reach them through such an ordeal ? Besides, every place i3 in fested with semi-mad dogs, that belong to no body. They may be yclept the scavengers of the city; for as the rats have no place of abode — there being no subterranean dwellings— they also den among the mud, and thesedogs are pre served to destroy them. I lived on board my ship the six days I was here, for I would not tread the streets 'of such a place at night. It would be as much as a Scotchman's life is worth, as there is neither cleanliness, godliness, order, 'nor light. They are worshippers of the false prophet, Mahomet — and a pretty example of decency, polygamy, deceit, and dirtiness he has left them. Yet, in their mosques which I havj visited, they scream out 'Ah* with such tortuous musi^ that one rather pities thau laughs at them. On? other fault with the indolent ignorant boobies, that have cost us so mnch money in war1 — (I hope, however, only with an eye to our own protect tion or aggrandizement) — is the state Jo which they have reduced woman, and prevailed .her advancement in the social scale. Not having seen the inmates of the Sultan's harems, I can say nothing of them ; bat I have seen those of others, and a very painful picture they present. I have span ra euimch, with a stick, marching out as many as a dozen women to give them an airing, for his master, a3 a gamekeeper does dogs.. All is modelled upon the auent system, and they follow their leader in silence. In a dozen or so there will ba black and white, tall and little, thick and thin, young and old, and he who can keep most of these fashionable slaves is the greater gentleman. This is another part of then: prophet's Koran. Coleridge was once asked if he Mieved in ghosts, and answered, ' I have seen too many to believe in them.' In like manner, I have seen too many ; for all women here go along with faces tied up in swaddling-clothes, and robes round them, wit'i their feet stuck in loose yellow boots, end they walk as slow as a funeral. Wherever you see a woman approaching, she comes like a living corpse, with two eyes, like black spec tacles, looking through her white vizier. JSTo wonder that we entered on the war, whtn the Crimea is but 21 hours' sail from Constan tinople, and the most eligible port for either the Russians or any other nation except the Turks. Talking of Mahometans, we have just ar rived in Egypt (Alexandria), with above 400 of them, that we gathered at Constantinople and Smyrna, going on a pilgrimage to his tomb at Mecca — poor deluded mortals! — all fine, strong bearded, and turbanetl men, some ♦try old, but so'slothful and inactive in mind, thatr many sat for whole days together without opening an eye to scenery, or using any other muscles than those which merely filled and smoked then pipes. For five days no one changed his clothes, or washed himself, dayw night ; but I suppose they never give themselves so much trouble, at least it did not appear they felt uneasy. 