WHAT HAS BECOME OF THE PRECIOUS METALS? [From the Bankers' Circular. I If some ten.years ago a statesman or finan cier had been asked what effects would be pro duced upon the money marketa by a progres sive new supply: of gold to the amount of £1OO,UUU,UUU . witinn the snort period of seven or eight.vears, he would probably have treated the question as an Utopian dream undeserving practical consideration ; but if pressed to give an opinion, he would with certainty and fair reasoning have enumerated, amongst many other consequences, a vast accumulation of bullion in our monetary reservoir, the National Banks, and a retrogressive scale in the propor tion between the value of gold and silver from the scale of 1; 16 to 1; 12, 1 ; 10 and, per haps, even less, as it existed in ancient times, when the production of the two metals was nearly equal. Facts have, however, shown a very different result, as may be seen by the following table, giving the amount of bullion in the coffers of the Banks of England and France at the end of December in each year, from 1848 to 1855 inclusive, and the price of silver and gold in London and Hamburg in the same years : — Pio8j°gwrei» &§i sail §3.3 jo aoud 03W3AY Ha'* '* '* ? r '* ?* .?* ?* ?uopuor g'. „., ..„ ' '????? m-zojadwAiM g(S- g* ST -. 'S 'S :? * jo aoudaSBUAV (£'° -a-«-- -e -o ts « o BJ}*JSP3)!un 1 1~ I' |* §* 8* If S* nmsnomog pf f } § g- | } | ?aoowj jo jprea eg* g* g* s? sf -=' §' a* eqj ui uoi[[a j g» § 5 S 3 S S 5 g* rf a' jo' -rf kT w' ~' -?«3i | g g g gj « 3: Jg! — — ** ** ''* *'* ^'* It is thus clear that the vast supply of gold has by no means exercised a proportionate effect upon the stocks of bullion in the above Banks, nor upon the relative values of silver and gold, which have not varied more than 3 per cent. As these two phenomena are so closely con nected with each other as to act its cause and effect in the strictest sense of the terms we shall enter more fully into their general bearings. Previously to 1847, or until the discovery of the, new gold mine3, there existed, both in France and the United States, a double tender by law, but only a silver one in point of fact. It therefore required but the least change in the relative value of the two metals, and but a slight rise in the price of silver above the rate fixed by the Mint, to subvert the legalized me dium of exchange, and to substitute gold for silver in general traffic In the United States, where the legal valuation of the two metals was 1 : 16, and where bank-notes supplied to a great extent.the place of silver coin, the change was rapidly .effected, By the subsequent coinage of half-dollar pieces, &c.;, at a reduced Mint standard for home and retail traffic, gold has in reality become the only legal tender in the Union. In France, however, the monetary revolution is a work of time and slow progress, owing to the legal valuations of the precious metals, which gives a proportion of 1 : 15J, and also owing to the circulation of vast sums of silver coin which was estimated in 1848 at not less than 2,500,000,000 francs, (or £100,000,QOO sterling. It has several times been argued and. proved, that so long as they shall circulate in Francs large silver moneys which may be ex changed for the 20-franc pieces at the rate of 1:15£, or bought at a premium of 2 per cent., the value of gold and silver will never fall below the proportion of 1 : 15J ; though in the States of Europe the continual new arrivals of gold certainly, show: a tendency to lower the proportion... In casting a glance at the French coinage during the last eight years, we can no longer be in- doubt as to the real cause which has hitherto operated to keep up the value of gold in France, or which will bring about a com plete revolution in the monetary affairs of the country as soon as gold shall have entirely supplanted the large silver- pieces in circulation. Tha following is a statement of the amount of coinage issued from the Mint at Paris from 1819 to 1855, inclusive:— Gold. Silver. Franc*. Francs. 1818 ? 27,100,030 ... 206,504,000 1850 ... ... 85,200,000 ... 86,500,OW 1851 ... ... 285,800,000 ... 64,500,000 1853 ... ... 27,000,000 ... 71,700,000 1853 ... „. 330.500.000 ... 20,100,000 185* ...- ... 526,500,000 ... Jf,100,000 1855 ... \\.. 460,000,000 ... 7,000,000 ;^- 1,741^00,000 465,430,000' Or ... £69.660,000 £19,496^000 The average amounts pf gold and silver held by the Bank of France during the same period were as follow :— - . ? ; Gold. Silver. Frara*. Franc*. 18ffl ...???.-? 4fiG-,000 ... 429,270,000 1850 ... ... 11^30.000 ... 416,849,000 1851 ... ...^ 83,260,000 ... 486,460,000 1853 ? 68,036,000 ... 434,974,000 1853 ? 103,504,000 ... 214,432,000 1854 ... ... 183.337,0 0 ... 19J.723.000 1355 ... ... 112,600,000 ... 87,500,000 Thus it appears that the gold coinage within the last seven years amounted to about 1,742 millions, while the bullion in the Bank in 1855 as compared with that of 1851 shows a dimi nution of about 400,000,000 francs in silver! The large quantities of gold converted into coin by tho Mints of France, Great Britain, the United States, and other countries, cer tainly account in a great measure for the em ployment of the new gold from California and Australia since 1848, yet it does not solve the question, 'What has become of the gold, coined or not?' 2for 'What has become of the silver which gold has supplanted in the markets of France and the United States ?' A Deceptive Truth. — ' Paddy, honey, will ye ba j my watch ?' - What's the price f' 'Tin shil lings and a matching of the eratnr.' 'Is the watch a daoent one ?' ' Sure, and I've had it twenty years, and it mver once desaved me.' ' Well, here's your tin and now tell me, does it go well ?' ' It goes faster than any watch in Coniianght,Muns*er, Ulster, or Leinater, not bamn Dublin.' ' Bad lack to ye, Mike, then you have taken me in! Didn't yon «ay it river deaaved yon?' 'Sore and I did-nor did it-for I mwr dtmdc* Ax OeaiPbess.— The poor police is at its fits' ends. Let it be ever so vigilant and relations, human ingenuity will always find means more vigilant and vexatious still of baffiini? Its pursuit. Thus, out of the gajrging of the press at Paris has arisen, says a cor respondent of the Allot, a new profession, more interest ing far thaa that of the Improvisatore of Naples or tha ♦h sTdf?W of Constantinople, because telling in itself r *l * 8'0rJ °T 'nD stea(ly and persevering avoidance r a i -? ot1.Press'on which shall not prevail' so long as God has given to hia creatures the power of- their wit and skill to oppo*e to that of brute force. This new pro feisioa is to recite the verses cf Victor Hugo, whoso Chatimens' are by this tima more familiar to the Paris workmen than they ever would have become had they been allowed to circulate freely amongst them. The manner in which these recitals is conducted is ingenious and romantic in ihe extreme. On Sundays and fete days a group of workmen may be seen stationed at the Bar riere St. Denis (for that is the favourite rendezvous) lounging on the pavement before tha octroi, as if waiting for customer?, like commissionaires, or porters, or men whoso living1 depends somewhat upon chance. A glance suffices to eonvine? you, however, that these men arc not what they appear to be ; although dressed in casquette and blouse, they are evidently above the com mon workman, by their agile step and quick bright glance. Prescntlj' you shall see n band of blousaint issue through the barrier ; one of these will seise the arm of one of those already stationed there, who in bis turn takes that of one of his fellow-loungers, end with out a word they aU three hurry forward down the road. Each of the loungers soon finds a comrade to carry him off, and soon others join the group, and thus linked arm in-arm, they arrive far down the rojal road to St. Denis. The' individual in the centre, whose arm was seized at the barrier, then begins, in a powerful and sonorous voice, the recitation or some one of the ' Chatimeni' of; Victor Hugo, or the forbidden sonys of Bcrangef, or the 'Vengeances', of the AbW Constant: the effect of which, accompanied by the regular and heavy tramp of the .little band, is sublime ia its poetical yet homely terror. The road to St. Denis has been chosen in prefe rence to any other, because of its width and solitude. Since the railway, but few carriages pass that way, and thus the recitations are undisturbed. If by chance a coach or mounted gendarme should break the chain, the ode is taken up by the comrades, so as to avoid such in terruption ; the centre of each line is occupied by two of these reciters. Two or three celebrities have already arisen, of course; but the greatest favourite is a little humpbacked fellow, whose recitiJ of the 'Kodeur de Nuit' has'beeu called for ts often as six times in ona tSanct. This man is a carver and gilder by profession: he has been to Tiambessa, and has written some good and powerful verses himself upon his own captivity, which are likewise very popular and often called for. Anathema. — In 1855 a work was published at Genoa, under the instigation of II am, thi exNeapo litian Minister of Police, in which the fallowing para jfraph occurs : — ' I am surprised that so many ban been fools enough to oonfute him [Mr. Gladstone], proving him to be a calumniator, rogue, and liar ; lor, being English, it is well known that these epithets belong to him dejure. To such a wretch one answsrs by spitting in bis face. * * The world will have no peace until the united sovereigns succeed in destroying this piratical people, and striking them out of the ust of nations. May the people of England be dispersed and destroyed like the Jews; and may London be rooted out and burned like Jerusalem, and Europe will be safe 1' ' A Spr Rebuked.— At a dinnr-party of 16 guests, recently given in St. Petersburg, expressions unfavourable to the Emperor were made use of. A com plete repnt of all that took place, the name of the host, the names of hia 15 guests, and the expressions used, was forwarded to tie Empress-mother in an anonymous letter, which was communicated to the Emperor, who tent for the giver of the party, and asked for the names cf all the guests assembled at his table on the occasion in question. This list of names included 16 guests, and that name among them that had not been, found among the 15 named in the denunciation was, of course, that of tho anonymous writer. This latter, a colonel in the Guards, was sent for, and the Emperor addressed him as follows :—' You seem to have an inclination, as well as some talent, for service in the police force or tbe Gendarmerie; if you like to enter it you can, but the Guards is not the place for you. -If. on the other hand, you prefer to leave the service altogether, you shall find your conge ready for you.' The giver of the patty, however, came off with only a few words of reproof and warning from the Emperor. How Miss Coutts akd Mks. Beowx abb to bb briBBEZO.— We do not know -whether Miss Bur dett Coutts ever reads tho London Gazette, but if eo, she must have been 'startled, on Wednesday last week, at finding an Order in Council in the Gazette of the pre ceding day prescribing the exact mode in which she is to be buried. By virtue of this order no one is to be buried in the church of St. Stephen's, Westminster, besides Miss CoutU and Mrs. Brown (widow of Mr. Brown, who is already buried there), and their bodies are to be im bedded (so says the Gazette) 'ia a layer of powdered charcoal, six inches at least in thickness, and be sepa rately entombed in brickwork well cemented.' What a reflection for this wealthy lady— to tix inchei of charcoal the mutt come at but. ? A Scene in thb West Irons. — I drive out every morning, and soon forget the making of sugar, among the orange-trees and endless variety of luxuriant vegetation.' Within two miles there ia a coffee planta tion, neglected because sugar is profitable and coffee is not. A beautiful little cottage ia surrounded by fruit and shade trees, while tha air is perfumed by flower*. Trees are bending with tropical fruits and the ground is golden with huge oranges, shaddocks, and lemons, left to rot because abundance has made them worthlesst The coffee- trees are now in fall flower, bees and hums ming-birds are everywhere, long avenues of magnificent palms extend on every side, flowering shrubs and treel meet you at every step, and, to add to the enchantmene of this fairy realm, there is a' stillness and i«p«s» wel-r suited to the scene — a necessary accompaniment to ttw beauty around you. The only thing that looks like l.t bour u-, in the distance, a few women beating arrow-ro-o into pulp and drying it into powder. It is a place whish one dreams of, but never expects to see this side ol Paradise. I sit there an hour or two every morning, and very reluctantly come back to sugar abomination and t» breakfast— Letter in tt* New York Tribune. LANDtADrESAiroLoDaEES. — A learned Cam bridge professor, finding that his landlady was continually abstracting his teas, and being aware of what weight of evidence some females can resist, he determined to 1st her know he had found her peccadillo out, without the chance of ? contradiction. He bought two pounds of tea, one of which he placed as usual in his caddy, and secreted the other in a drawer; he drew from the latter store so much as was necessary for his use, but nevet touched the former; the contents of the caddy, nevertheles, de creased dally and in greater proportion, and at last,' while the professor had still a little left, Mrs. Brown declared his tea to be out, and offered to get him some more. ' Well !' eiehumed her master, producing his remnant in great triumph, ' I declare, Mrs. Brown, that your pound has not lasted so long as mine has.' - - Wearing- Fiannei.— Put it on at once : winter or summer, nothing better can be worn next to the skin than a loose, red, woollen flannel shirt ; ' loose,' for it has room to move on the skin, thus causing a titillatkra which draws the blood to the surface and keeps it there; and wheu that is the case no one can take a cold; 'red,' for white flannel -fulls up.matu together, and becomes tight, stiff, heavy, and impervious. Cotton' wool merely absorbs the moisture from the surface: while woolen flannel conveys it from the skin and deposits it in drops on the outside of the shirt, from which the ordinary cotton shirt absorbs it; and by its nearer exposure to the exterior air, it is eoon dried with out injury to tho body. Having these properties, red woollen flannel is worn by. sailors even in the midsummer of the hottest countries. Wear a thinner material in summer.— EalC* Journal of Health. Physical Changes and Pebsonai. Iden tity.— ins no ids. weigmoi water wrucmorms inrec fourths of the matter composing our badiea is rejected with great rapidity in respiration and natural discharge. The carbon is expired with each action of the longs in large quantities, combined with oxygen, another consti tuent of our bodies, in the form of carbonic acid. Tha lime escaping in other ways is rejected from our bones and replaced by a fresh supply. There is not a move ment of the body, wheiher voluntary or involuntary; not an action of a member, a muscle, or a nerve ; not a pul sation of the heart or artery ; not a peristaltic motion of the intestines, which is not the proximate cause of the rejection of used-up matter and the demand for a fresh supply from the digestive apparatus, just as in a machine the wear and tear of the parts is proportional to the force and continuance of their motions. Although the rapidity with which the 'materials of the body are thus changed vuies.in comparing one individual with another, according to their varying habitudes and occupations, it appears that a total change of the material constituents of the body takes place within an interval much shorter than was supposed by the early physiologists. Accor- - ding to some authorities, the average length of the in terval does not exceed thirty daji. It is, however, generally agreed that it is a very brief period. This, then, being the case, let us again ask what is it that was identical in the Duke of Wellington dying at Walmer, in September, 1S52, with the Duke of Wellington com manding *t Waterloo in June, 1816. Assuredly it was not possible that there should have been a single particle of matter common to his bedy ou the occasions. The interval consisting of a period of 37 years and two months, the entire mass of matter composing his body must have undergone a complete change several hundred times ; yet no one doubts that there was something there which did not undergo a change, except in its relation to the mutable body, and which possessed the samelhought. memory, and consciousness, and constituted the personal identity of the individual; and, since it is as demon strable as any proposition in geometry that something which thus abode in the body, retaining the oonscious ness of tbe past, could not have been an atom, or any number of atoms, of matter, that is to say, something spiritual.— The iluteum of Science and Art. By Dr. Lardn'r. . : , , . i Impobtance of 'Wetting Bbicks.— It is important that 'every one engaged in. building should be well informed in regard to the durability of materials. Very few people, or even builders, are aware of tbe ad vantage of wetting bricks before laying them, or, it they are aware of it, do not practise it. A wall twelve inches thick, built of good mortar, with bricks well soaked, is stronger in every respect than one sixteen inches thick built dry. The reason of this is, that if the bricks are saturated with water, they will not abstract from the mortar that moisture which is necessary for its crystal lizition, but, on tbe contrary, will unite chemically with the mortar, and become as solid as a rock. On the other hand, if the bricks are put up dry, they immediately take the moisture from the mortar, leaving it too dry to harden ; and tbe consequence is, that when a building of this description is taken down, or tumbles down ot its ?wn accord, the mortar from ? Us like so much sand. The Cost of Fencino. — The Canadian Agriculturut publishes some statistics upon fencing in Canada, by which it appears that according to the last census there are in Upper Canada 3,697,731 acres under cultivation. Leaving out wood land, much of which is fenced, and assuming a cost of only §3 an acre for fencing, which is a moderate calculation, and it appears that the cost of fences in Upper Canada alone is about thirty million* of dollart ; and within 25 years, for new fences and repairs, there will ba a necessity of fanners increasing an expense of §50,000,000. To avoid this enormous taxation, the editor doc-3 not propose the only true remedy — dispensing with nearly all rences— but to substitute live for dead fences. Eut this will not bring complete relief, since hedges cost a deal of annual labour to keep them in order. Bat that is not the grand difficulty; that is stated by Joseph Uecket, 31 ill bank Farm, Youge-street, near Toronto, as follows :— 'I approve of live or quickset fences, wherever they can ba introduced by the farmer without inordinate labour. The hawthorn, which lends sueh a charm to English scenery, and proves so valuable and durable a fence, doeB not sustain its character or thrive well in Canada, nor is it to bo depended upon a3 a durable fence, for the following reasons : — In the second or third year's growth after being planted, the plant is attacked bja small glutinous irueet (the one so well known for its ravages on the pear and cherry trees), devouring the whole of the leaves, and in some seasons leaves nothiig behind but the bare stem and branches, necessarily weakening tha plant and checking its growth. It is next sub ject to the depredation of a smaller but more destructive insect than the one just noticed, which. I am told, is well knotra ia the United States, end is called tha American spider. As it settles and multiplies en the stem and branches of the plant, it has exactly the appearance of hoar frost, and if allowed to remain undisturbed, wili kill the plant down to the earth. I have tried all the known Teraedics for the cure of this evil ; such as the application of plaster, lim-?, and fine road-dust, after a shower of rain, or before the dew is off in the morninp, but without avail. The sponjre and water is tho only effectual remedy, but time and labour preclude bo costly an application upon a large scale. Ths plant also suffers severely some winters from the ravages of field mice in frequently cattin? it doivn to the root. For these reasons I have abandoned the use of the English qaickset, as unsuitable for a permanent fence in this Climate.' This very valuable piece of information is not only snitable to Canada, bat, so far as we can judfje from an extended observation, to tho whole continent of America. As to fencing Canada on the north part of the United States with Osage orange hedges, it is about as preposterous as to talk of using the cotton-plaut tyr ! the same purpose., ' ' ' . The Seksatioits Caused by Deownikg*— In the recently published volume entitled 'Lady Huson/' ?sThe foLwing thrillin* description of thS . sensations experienced by tho writer as she sank into the waters of tho Mississippi, after throwing herself from the burning steamer, it comes in after th» rights ondeounds of the sufferers by the wreck were Bhut out from the senses of tho drowning girl:-11 lou do not taow what Ftran5e fancies scizfd upon my mind, when I wu utterly insensible to the scone of horror around me Then came a sudden sound on my corsJikoUw Prfuc of ' cannon%nd then I fell : pan do longer. I ffiht I dent, and suddenly awaking ?with a Blare of LX I fancied I by m a riclumd lofty chamber- 1» Sof SnJbured glass, that Slc-amed «d gl ta- tened in the lustre of countless thons ands - ^ lamps, it. roof was mother-of- pearl, of tremendous brig htness, it» floor of the whitest and purest marble ; ™er» « couches and chairs wore scattered about, se «mi°£ J°f tortolsMhcll, inlaid with Rold and silver;, the bedstead on which I lay was of ivory ; the curtains the richest purplB silk, all scattered over with strangely-dntastJo figures, embroidered in pearls. A fountain was pl»yujg in a consertatory full of the most gorgeous flowers at the further end of the room ; birds hopped from plan! to plant with a sweet but plaintive warbhng. wor thing seemed a vision of fairy enchantment, such as I never dreamed or before; bat amid all this beauty and brightness, I lay to a misery that cannot be described. It was not ps'n— it was far more than pain; for though I would havegiven worlds for one gasp, 1 *ovli not dram »y Srm/i. Then with a slow and shadowy ebmnge, the- scene melted away into a green, smiling VaDey : tha walls became sides of hills and skirts of woodsy green banks and sprouUne hedges; the ceiling dissolve* into a blue sky, across which a few stray clouds wen floaKag' slowly, and casting theii lingering shadows on the sldM of the mountains; flowers seemed springing into lift and light at my feet: birds of tfesoty thronged in gor goous multitude, and the sweet Hrdsof song called to them from the thickets: the fish leaped exuhtngry, till the gleaming waters seemed alive with* Ihe flashing of light ; the butterflies flitted among the flowers, and tbs- bees worked carefully as if the sight of their bright flntterings lightened their labours! the biMMjeanw and went-some came over violet beds, some Uoeufa ?rango groves— but theyftnned my forehead in Tata, A tiglit hand seemed listened around it, a stifling wdgfcfc preyed on my chest ; for. though I wouldhaTe riv« worlds for one gasp, I could not draw mj breath. And suddenly came daiknesf,but a clear cold d»kMa.lik« starlight, and the place I was in turned to stowj then were So more green fields or bright birds-lh* Tallej was petrified; naked rocks stood 1 around, reaMff W their gaunt Ibrms like watching glanta: huge clnstew of every form and sire, refleottag bsx± the pale^cbtw' less lkht in a thousand different rays; and above ml were soaring pmnwles of ice, that it froie my heart to' - look at ; then, as I looked around, I thought the vaUej ? narrowed, and then 1 saw that it was fllkd with living tombs cut from the living rocks, carved with all manner of grotesque ornaments ; and suddenly, from om one of tho* came a group of frightful figures, clad in jrr«« garments— and I lav, a living corpse, waiting its tomb. I knew no more till I woke to partial consciousness, and felt the stinging agony that, I suppose, attended my re suscitation. 1 slept, agtin to sea you bending over n» ust now.' ? Coikage axdWkights ot Canada.— Canada has been so long inconvenienced by a mixed and con fused coinage, that measures have been taken for re#»r cing all the money ot the country to a uniform standard. The legislature have authorized a report on the subject, and passed two resolutions, which we insert nere as an ? encouragement to the promoters of decimal ootnago for . England :— 'That after the 1st day of January ttHF, ' there shall be but one currency of accounts and pay ment, of which the dollar shall be the unit and standanl of value ; the public accounts shall be kept in dollars, cents, and milles; and the coinage be equal in value to that of the United States.' 'TThat the ton of 2,8*0 pounds, the hundredweight of 118 pounds, the halfhun dredweight of 68 pounds, and thequarter-hundrcdweifht . of 28 pounds, bo reduced to a ton of 2,000 pound* and its subdivisions.' If, in altering our own standard « - system, it could be assimilated to that of Canada and,, tbe States, how materially would its benefits be in creased. — Chambers' $ Journal. . ACBSAGE OF THE UNITED KINGDOM.— Eng- land, 33,690,429 acres ; Wales, 4,734,488 8 Scotland. 16,643,960— this includes 316,160 acres of lakes j and Ireland 20,399,609, including in this 466,399 acres - of lakes ; giving a total ef 74.373,483 acres ; to which, if W» take in the lesser British Isles, there will be an addition of 2,974,519 acres. Ireland stands next to Enpland in the amount or its acreage. Of its eitent of land, accor ding to the returns for 1866, 6,612,992 acres only are under crop; and with regard to the rest, the following probable estimates have been given. Unenclosed pas tures, 6,736,240 acres ; lands capable of improvement, 4,900,000 acres (these are from the estimates of Cowling J - mountain peat, 1,255,000 acres ; and flat red bog, 1,676,000 aeres. In the published returns, however, the acreagei is thus distributed— 9,600,849 under grass, 86,434 lying Mow, 303,533 woods and plantations, and 4.7M.W1 acres-. ; of bog or waste land. Of the acres under crop, aeajrUiaf to these returns made, 445,509 are undor wheat, 3,117,W* oats, 226,434 barley, 11,347 here, 11,633 rye, 13 095 beans; 5.399 peas, 911,628 potatoes, 368,497 turnips' 06,094 other green crops, 97,109 flax, and 1.311,737 meadow and I clover. A Nonstjit. — Every suitor at law knows what it means when a verdict is given against him, but many are embarrassed when they are nonsuited. Tbe following anecdote will, enlighten them, and it will amuse tho«e *ho are better informed :— The fimtidM that Lord EllenboTOflgh tjreslded as Judge at w«{ jw*',* he directed a plaintiff to be nonsuited. The snitor wai called in the usual way three thnesy ' John Bmith, cojna ', into Court or you will lose your suit' At the third call : ? John addressed the Judge, ' I am here, my I*td. 'Hi* lordship courteously bowed, and replied, * It is a poltto way we have of telling you that you will harp to w U* defendant's costs.' John did not relish this, and said ? 'Well, but my Lord, when you were a CouneUlor I gav«. you two guineas, and you said I had a gcou case, au Lordship closed tlio colloquy by remarking 'You never spent money more foolishly In your life/' Qutta Pehciia.— Much interest has been expressed, both hero and iu France, in the paper read of the Rev. J. B. Keade. at a raeeting of the Photograph W Society, on the use of gutta pcrcha as a substitute fof glass. When used on a great scale, as it is in photo* graphy, glass becomes on expensive article, and there is always the risk of breakage. Mr. Reade finds, that by' dissolving the gutta peroha of the shops In benxole, or in chloroform, tbe impurities are thrown down, leaving a colourless fluid, which, poured on a plate of glass and ' dried, remains as a perfectly smooth and transparent ? film. The film, having been prepared hi the usual way, is separated from tho glass, and after a little further manipulation, it is, Mr. ueade says, a negative ready for the printing-frame, taken on a material as durable and mansgeablo as glass, bat occupying only a small portion of its space, and perfectly free, from the peculiar risks which so often put valuable negatives altogether out of use. Here we have another and a highly important ap plication of gutta percha, hi addition to the many already known. — Chamber t't Journal. An Englishman's Wobd in Sybil. — It would interest the reader to know that one of the cha racteristics by which an Englishman is known in Syria is, that his word Is as ' the law of the Medes and Per sians, which altereth not;' so that It has now become a proverb with us. Whenever we want (o give a final* word— one beyond further controversy— we say. ' What . I am now saying is kilmt Ingle tttih,oi an Englishman's ?? word ;' by which the speaker means that there is an end ' of the matter, and more talking wo'ild be only waiting breath to no purpose. — Syria and the Syrian*. By O. M. Wortabeb. Revolting Sang Pboid.— A Frenchman was tried the other day in one of trie departments lor havin? killed his father and mother. Tbe crimo was committed under the most revolting circumstances j : and, at the end of tbe pleadings, when he was about to be condemned to death, tho President of the Tribunal j asked -the usual question, if he had anything to say in his defence ? ' Mon Dieu, non, Monsieur le Presides t,' i he replied, 'only I hope you will have pity on a poor orphan.' Setting Him up to Knock Him Down.— Tom Moore observing himself to be eyed by two hand some young ladies,' enquired of a friend, who was near enough to hear their remarks, what it was they said of him. ' Why the taller one observed that ah* was delighted to have the pleasure of seeing so famous a personage?' ' Indeed 1' said the gratified poet ; ' any thing more?' 'Yes. She said she was the more pleased because she had taken in your celebrated 'Almanac' for the last five or six years ?' Hating a Habd Time o» it. — Mr. Oilman of Boston, from whose lectures on Yankee humour wo have already copied some good things, at one of his lata ; gatherings introduced a capital story. A clergyman in. . Boston, meeting with one of his congregation who : recently came into possession of quite a handsome property by the death of his brother, enquired how ha was getting alone with the settlement of the estate. 'Oh,' said he, 'I am having a dreadful time; what with getting out letters of administration, and attending probat« court, arid settling claims, I loaetimu almost vith he hadn't died.'—N, 0. Picayune. The STABS.r-The stars Bay something Yery stgnificant to all of us, and each man has tto whole he misphere of them, if he will look up, to counsel and be .friend him. .In the morning time they came not within ken, when they would too much absorb our attention aad hinder our necessary business ; but in the evening they appear to us to chasten our personal thoughts ; t« put down what is exorbitant in earth-bred fancies, and to encourage those endeavours and aspirations which meet with no full response from any single pUnet— cer- tainly not from the one we are on— but which derive their meaning and their end from the vastness and har mony of the whole of God-directed nature and life. Putting the Saddle on the Bight Hobbb. —Some mischievous wan one night pulled down a turner's sign, ' and put it over a lawyers door: In the morning -it read, ' All sorts of turning and twisting done here.' Wr i% ' ? Pishing Extbaobdinabt.— A noted M.D. of Indiana has recently created quite a sensation among members of the medical profession in that section by his success in trapping tape-worms. He has invented a gold trap, less than an inch in length, and about » ' quarter of an inch in diameter. A bait is placed within the trap, and, after the patient has fasted several day*, the apparatus if lowered bj means ot a string down ths throat of the patient, The worm, which is supposed to be hungry, pushes into the trap to seize tbe bat, and is instantly caught by descending portcullis, and tha operator, feeUng a bite, pulls on the string, and draws out trap, worm, and m,—Nim York Timtt, An Irish soldier pretending to dumbness, and tbe surgeon of the regiment alter several attempts to restore him declaring mm to be incurable, was dis charged. He in a short time afterwards enlisted ia another corps, and being recognised by an old comrade, and questioned how he learned to speak, 'By Bfc Patrick,' re i lied Paddy, ' ten guineas would make aoj man spake.' ' . : j ' A candidate for medical honours having, been worried into a fever heat by his inability to answer the questions propounded to him, was finally asked how he would sweat a patient for the rheumatism. 'I would send him,' be said, very feelingly, ' here to be ex amined.' . ? . A Ghost in jnankeen smalls. — Murray was one night playing the Ghost hi ' Hamlet,' at Cerent : Garden Theatre. As a considerable interval oocurs before ths apparition makes its appearance. Murray threw off his ghostly gear at the conclusion of the first scene, aud slipped over to some brother convives, -ho were en joying themselves at the Garrick's Head. Her* the mi nutes passed so pleasantly that Murray, on oonsulthw his watch, found he had overstayed his time. He had barely time to return to the theatre, throw off his ooat and waistcoat, don tbe upper portion of his ghostly attire, and caution the carpenters to wind him only half way op, when his cue was given. These latter, however, either mistaking his directions, or for the joke's sake, wound the trap up ss usual to the level of the stage, exhibiting to the astonished audience the ghost of Hamlet's father, accoutred in a helmet, cuirass, nankeen inexpressibles, and a pair of top boots.— Bcntley'i Miscellany. Devotion.— A young lady being told that her lover was suddenly killed, exclaimed 'Oh, that iplendid gold watch of his !— give me that— give me something to remember him bj.' ' A Rose [sot] Without a Thobn.' — Milton, when blind, married a shrew. The Duke of Buckingham called her a rose. 'I am no judge of colours, replied Milton, ' but I dare say you are right. for I feel the thorns daily.' Bookkeeping. — Lord Eldon used to say of those friends who borrovred his manuscripts and UN ' glected to return them, that, though backward it ac counting, they were pood hands at bookkeeping. Haiid Times. — An advertisement lately ap peared, headed, ' Iron bedsteads and bedding.' We tap pose the linen rr.ust be thcet-iion. A Nabeow Chaxce. — Lady (in fashionable dress) — ' Littlo boy, can I go through this gat* to the river?' Boy — ' Perhaps soj a load of hay went,,; through thia morning.' '? -__4'-' An Awkavaed Confession.— When a Ted haired lover, writing to his red-baind wWm*, rOm to their 'mutual flame.' ? ;... ': ,t 