LOCAL NEWS. THE "SHELL-FISH" INSPECTORS AND our HUMBLE SELVES.-As doubtless every body remembers, Saturday 1 ist was a very dull sort of day, with abundance of dust flying about in all directions, and not the ghost of a bit of sun shine was visible. The state of the atmosphere produced a corresponding depression in our nerves, and distant notions of suicide were be- ginning to float across our editorial brain, when suddenly a cerulean tinge overshadowed every thing around us, and a peculiarly exhilarating sensation, made us aware that the Beaky influ- ence was predominant, or in other words that we were in the presence of the police. Sincerely grateful for the polite attention which we im- agined was intended towards us, by two public characters of such consequence as Police In- spectors, condescending to call to enquire ns to the stutc of our health after our hebdomadal labors we wero about to propose a light refec- tion by way of recruiting tho strength which a journey to tho vicinity of the Baptist Chapel in Bathurst- street must necessarily have impaired, when wo looked up, and twigged instantly that there wai a, " screw loose" somewhere. It waa evident that something had occurred to disturb thc wonted serenity of our particular friend In- spector Mortimer, whoso vigilance has gained for him such universal respect and esteem amongst nil classes. At first indeed wc were half afraid that " the indefatigable" would burst, and lind terious thoughts of trying.to cut bia leather stock with our paper lui ¡fe, but after fumbling out sixpence from thelowest depths of his indigo continuations, ho eventually relieved himself and us considerably, by pointing ton paragraph in bur last issue, headed " Bad hews for Kating-hcuBO Keepers, and Licensed Vic- tuallers", in which certuin restrictions which wore rumored to have buen projected by Capt M*Lorie, ns to tho consumption of oysters nn4 bottled ale hy bis torces and their punctual habit ol paying for tho sumo, wcro alluded to. It was this wo wcro itiformod that had "riled" our old ally, and hail o-used his manly breast to swell under thu close fitting surtout Dread- ing of nil things lest wo might by any chance provo tho involuntary cnusc of tho slightest dis 01 ganizatinn amongst , the Qjty executives, wo wore about to oller tho irascible gentleman any and every satisfaction'which ho might require. Wo wero on thc point of volunteering to con- tradict our former stn'cmcnt ns far ns it re- garded Inspector Mortimer, by stating that ho, Inspector Mortimer, was not in any way to bo debarred (rem eating oysters, wothor pla'n, stewed, curried or fried, »nd that ho wns at liberty to " put away" ns much alo as over ho pleased, whether Tooth's or Bass's. . Indeed, if ho hud particularly icishtd it, and sooner than wo would hnvo soon him go away in a bad humor, wo would oven hare condescended to contradict tho Inst po'tiou of tho objectionable pnragraph, by observing that ho (Inspector Mortimer) wa3 never expected to pay for any thing ho ate or drank". Though of course this last obliging admission on our part, would only have boen mada al the special request of tho worthy Inspector himself in v.riting, and wo should have"cspootod him (lind we goiio so far, which wo didn't), ni ways to bavo bohnvod ami- ably towards us afterward*, »nd nevor to bavo looked cross, even for nu instant, if wo chancad to meet him in crossing tho Police Court yard. Wo never bad an opportunity hnwovor, of making any am'nrfi honorable, to the injtirod individual (ni hocmiceivod himself) for ho vnn ished from our gnze in a dark blue., cloud of HeailIcUm muttering tho mystic word .' Solici- tor". Such an awful denunciation, naturally threw us into n succession of Ats, which f r some dnys rosistod repealed d' ses af " stone feuoea", and "egg uogg's", bnt which happily aro gradually decreasing. Joking apart, wo shouldn't really like to quarrel with Inspector Mortimer, because ho is "such a very nico young man", and if he thinks it would heal tho . breach, and wilt appoint time and plaoc, wo will uctualty stand an eighUenponny plate of ** plain''oysters, lind toss Min for the hulf-arid half. . 