Cljx Jlegisto. ADEL41DE: TDESDAT,. FEBRUARY. 19, lBf6. ALIENS US ENGLAND. Amongst the miscellaneous items of our latest English intelligence was a paragraph to tho effect that a new and more stringent Alien Act would he submitted to Parliament on its re assemhlmg. It is a. remarkable circumstance, illustrative of the, wide social difference of the two countries, that, whilst England is proposing to limit jet further the freedom of aliens, South Australia is engaged in removing from the alien population the last remaining vestiges of political disability. But the difference between the '! alien' Frenchmen in ietsey. and the 'alien' Germans in, thfe province is about as wide as the antipodes asunder. Availing, themselves of the right of asylum so freely granted by England to political refugees of whatever class, a few expatriated Frenchmen have established themselves in the island of Jersey, where, under the designation of ' The Committee of the Revolutionary Communion,' they have set up a most inflammatory news paper, entitled L'Homme. This publication is devoted to the work of rekindling the revolu tionary flame in Paris ; and it openly counsels the assassination of Louis Napoleon. The Queen of England, in consequence of having visited the Emperor, has fallen under the ribald censure of L'JRbiame, ia whose columns Her Majesty was thus recently arraigned :— . What business had you to go to that man r surely ou, daughter of Pitt and wife of Coburg, you do not jo to visit a Bonaparte ? You did not go to visit the uffianofthe Hajmarkct? you as honest a woman es a meen can be. You did not go to see a tyrant parvenu, ,-ou, a constitutional queen. You went not to visit the -.wpt-d'ttat maker, you a parliamentary queen. What induced you to put your foot on that cursed gallej ? Vou.wentto visit an ally, Mai is indeed a reason; and, .herefore, nothing less than that reason, that great reason— that reason of utility of pubiio neeeasity— which is calle'd 'State reason' — the alliances' is it not ? To sur mount your natural antipathies, your, legitimate repug nance, your contempt, and even your honour for such a iost— who unstrained yon, firstly, to receive h!m at homo, and then to -visit him; to put your hand in his hand, and your cheek on bis ehtek— to exchange your hide ribbon for his red one — your garter for his craVat —your roses for his .violets— to. treat him as on equal as a i-ister does a brother— from Emperor to Queen! Official attentions, political politeness, we know well are of no consequence, lead to nothing, as far as friend ship and esteem are concerned, we grant ; bat wnich, with such a man, are a violation to mcrels, and a stain on conscience!' ? . ;.. . /?' \ . The loyalty of the good people of Jersey, and indeed of many others remoter from the printirig^oflice of EHomme, has been im mensely excited by the manner in .which Queen Victoria has been spoken of; and curses both loud and deep have been very freely kvished upon Mr. Felix Pyat, the author of the fore going morceau, and his coadjutors. The close alliance subsisting bet ween England and France has also induced many persona to demand of the Government the suppression of those con tinual attacks upon the Emperor which form the staple of the Jersey print. ' In the follow ing extract the Queen is invited to study the political tempest lowering upon the head ^of Napoleon III. : — ' He shall be punished. Funds are falling and corn rising. The vapour. from the .blood spilt forms a cloud over the star— a cloud full of thunderbolts. Here is the lightning of Pianori preceding the thunder of the people; listen to what the workmen without work say, thaihe was right in killing the Italian, as the Italian had missrd him. And there look towards the west— towards the black city — in the vicirity of Angers, at the slate que ries. What is this sinister lifiht, and this new rumour unheard of, astonishing, frightfulP- Whence this terror? Ct-rtainly your ally is not a dreamer; he isuot a man ?with foolish visions; he never heard the brazen trumpet —never saw the flaming sword of the aichangel— never, fell the pricks of conscience— never believed in ghosts, inGud, iuthe devil, nor in the turning tables; he has (we have already said it) neither regret nor repentance. He eats. and sleeps well, digesting his prey. He can have only the remorse of the brute, 'fear! .Let- him tremble, for he believes in peasants. - This time it is not those returnid.from Cayenne— those, escaped from Belle Isle— those landed from London— the red republicans, the socialists, the reprobates, the eternals, tho powerless enemies of order, of property ; no, this time it is the peasant! ~. WJiat? The peasants? . , 'Yes! the. real peasants, his peasants, the peasants of December, the peasants «ho elected him, whom he de ceived, and whom .he will- deceive no more! -At last! All! Belshaaar! the. handwriting on the wall. . . . ,: . ' Tray to God, madam, that he may. have, as much courage to suffer death as be had to inflict it. , . The most cruel are cowards! Oh, expiation! Punished, punished by those he has- sinned against ! Come, there is no- more love; the -peasants are getting angry; the peasants shout 'Down with the Emperor!' Long life fa 'HFitrinune ft\n nuiUnlinei. Tjinn life in fha AsmM—nt:~ tocial,and unictnal republic.' . , ? ; The frequent publication and wide 'diffusion of this kind of literature at length produced a determination on the part of the- Jersey people Ehat^it-8hpu][d.,, continue no longer.^ Gre^t meetings were held; even Sundays were not exempted from the discussions, and energetic, wa might say passionate, appeals were' made to the' Home Government oh the subject. The result has been the seizure of the printing-press vtliHomtAe, and the banishment of the whole of the . refugees, thirty-four in number, -who tare taken \ip. their -abode at Guernsey, with the prospect of a yet further ejectment unless thqy-hpld their peace. In this state of the case, Mr. Ernest. Jones, the Chartist, barrister, profiera his .London residence to the ousted Republicans, and the authorities, not wishing to mate London the focus of revolution, begin to prepare a more stringent 'BilL-Tictor Hugo, however^ from .his retreat in Guernsey, defies the English* Government- to molest .him,' and proclaims his intention 'of adopting exactly that course- which may best suit his own views and purposes. .* ' , This is availing oneself of the 'right of asylum 'with a witness! The refugees, how ever, might soon be taught that, the existing laws of England, though framed in a liberal spirit, are quite as capable of dealing with political incendiaries as with any other class of offenders, It is not yet known what are to be the provisions of the new Alien Act, but we can plainly fore see that such a measure will be strongly objected to even by those who are the warmest sup porters of the Anglo-French Alliance and the most cordial detesters of the rabid blasphemies of L'Homme. To restrain the '' Revolutionary Committee' is a very proper thing; but a right thing may be done in a wrong way, and, as the Alien Acts passed in England are generally Acts empowering the Secretary- of State to eject from Her Majesty's dominions any persons whom he may suspect, they certainly arm the Minis ter of the day with power that might be applied in a very different direction from that originally contemplated in the passing of the Statute.. England has nurtured on her shores patriot exiles as well as sedition-mongers, yet a sweep ing-Alien Act places the lives and liberties of all alike in tho hands of a, perhaps, tyrannical, perhaps, incapable Minister. Alien Acts assi milate England too closely with the most bigoted States of Continental Europe. Alien Acts confound the bloodthirsty agents of strife and rebellion with those who may have fled from sanguinary tribunals or mischievous conspiracies. Neither will Alien Acts eradicate the evil lamented. Felix Pyat and Victor Hugo may be handed over to the French authorities, but Ernest Jones, being a British subject, could openly repeat their sentiments in the teeth of all the Alien Acts in the world. By excluding fo reigners by decision of the Legislature, we per- form an act which, although in its first appli cation it may relieve Louis Napoleon from a source of annoyance, in its broader and more general character will gratify King Bomba and all the petty tyrants of Europe. When Jean Joseph Peltier, shortly after the peace of Amiens,attacked the First Consul Bona parte, comparing him to Julius Caesar, and invok- ing a Brutus to rid the world of a tyrant, Bona parte, feeling greatly annoyed, demanded satis faction 'from the English Government. 'Lord Hawkesbury replied, in memorable words, that 'in England newspapers were uncontrolled by any power but the law, before whose tribunals the First Consul might arraign his assailant' The Attorney-General (Spencer Perceval) was subsequently instructed to file an information . against Peltier, and the trial, which gave occa sion for an extraordinary address from Peltier's eloquent counsel(Mackintosh), resulted in a verdict against the editor. In this manner it was shown that the licentiousness of the press could be restrained by selecting special libels for indictment without having recourse to mea sures which,' whilst confounding both guilty and innocent in one common imputation, fail to suppress the evil complained of. We shall bs milch mistaken if, notwithstanding the uni versal indignation excited by the Jersey con spirators, the 'threatened Alien Bill passes the 'Commons without a very strong opposition. 