SPONTANEOUS COMBUSTION Di THE.TOW» OF BEDFORD. Duni.vo thc last Tow days, public curiosity has beca excited to a very unusual pitch by a series of occur ' rences that would be by no means out of place in one. of Mrs. BadcliûVa romances, but which will read strangely in. tho matter- of-fact columna of the Time», The several theories of spontaneous combustion haye often been revived, and, in .thc opinion of most wise men, have been successively and repeatedly exploded. But jost ns late years have witnessed a revival of ghost stories, spirit communications, and direct demoniacal agency, it seems not a little likely that the old theories of spontaneous combustion ore coming in for another d'.y in their tum, if wc oro to judge from tho extraor- dinary revelations which have been not only retailed ia gossip, but most gravely and fully Inquired into under the coroner's warrant, and beforo thirteen mes honest and true, and, wc may adrl, picked men, of tbir highly educated borough. A sketch of the principal facts will probably answer thc" same end as a roport of tba depositions taken before tho coroner, for tho result bf this last course would probably be only the awke'aing of half- incredulous wonder and a wild curiosity. On Tuoiùoy night, tho 12ih instant, an alarm of .fire was raised, and, au proceeding to tho scene of danger, a house abutting on thc large storcyard be- longing to Messrs, Howard, thc celebrated implement makers, and tenanted by one of the_ir servants, it ap- peared that tho . family had taten thc opportunity of the master's absence from home to have a.good clean- ing down, with an especial view te the riddance of a certain'.' pest ' hotter known to Londoners than the happy dwellers in thc country. In furtherance of the latter part of this truly hônsewifery design 'recourse was bad to.fudaigation. A vc&rl; rrjnir.ininf; brcken , roll sulphur was placed.in'wluu -J-;-.! dccmM a -jefe | position, vix.,'ina basiactto, whin1; wai rvaiov-.-J from I its usual place and placed in th«: -liddle -.of" thc roon:. , The sulphur"wss duly ignited, mid thc room oí coyrsoi i yacotcd hy all excoDt .the obnoxio» vermin. I rf Ifie". Bpace of two hours it was discov^:-¡l th.it tho aulplua-* oas fluid had escaped-into tV basiiicr.e, had burnt through tlic bottom, fired tho L'jor, md eater, its way through the planks. ? ' Timely oHcrvaticri an<? alirm availed to airest the progress m" tho" firL:.. AU wrj deemed safe. But on Saturday evening thc iwad of the family roturned, and on retiring tn test, .tnà having innocently .thrown his damp Bi-jc!;in'»s <v.f the carpet* what was his. astonishment at f-coï;;-i ïhem ignite! .Something li ko a panic- seized th- " hui^oïiolît. bert at length their fears were p.idU^j, ah-i they .went., .to 'rest. ... On ' .Sunday mbini-ip, hilo the master waa attending Divine -?*!»"?. icu >.r. ih» M-.-ihoAist '^chapel, fire was again discovered in tho house; ,Oou , sidcrahlc .consternation was. occasioned, to' tho.hssem bly'liy tho.calling out of a fireman during service, and also- by tho master's disappearseoo from bis pew. . These fires were suppressed ; but in tho course of the day no leis .than. 30 dros broke out in different paita of .thc hoiüe~in.thoprcsenceof visitors, most respectable end intelligent men. ? . ' ' ?' " , :.'Every. part of, th«, furnUiire .in; every roojnof. th« .house, appealed, to, bo charged '^Üi sómó'myétcrious self-igniting gas. Smoko issued suddenly- from -cup- boards, largo and small, from almost every drawer, and even from boxcs'of linen and woollen'materials' which had not been opened for some length of time prior to* the' Tuesday's1 'tire; -tiomo of -the- statements) I mado.btfore'-tho; coroner .aro'so stir tiing, os 'to' ba ! nearly,' incredible.'.. One'genUcmahi loid'hisJ^handkcr chief down' upon the sofa; whon-lt forthwith 'ignited. 'Another, gcnüerhsn,.while discussing', tho." màrvcla of Ltbn-,day/.nnô wä»Vn£ his lunds, d5eo,valr^...that the damp towels on the horse in.thc bedroom .were on,fire. I A .lady, 'to prevent further mischief,- had a'.'short fin» .previously,cxdmined a box' condining: artióli&-app'er taining ta feminin o apparel] and pronouncing;'it safe, ; had it shut up, but on going td remove it felt that it L'.w'as hot, and on re-opening, j it .discovered,tho.contonta ' ûi a bïazc ; b'nt it is' impassible "to cqumeratÇjûlV the Btrange . fantasies played bj this subtle and mysterious fire. Of coursa suspicion was Boon awake, but the I closest investigation afforded no ground on which to rest the surmise of foul .play. . On the Monday morn I ing the phenomena,' somewhat abated,' reappeared, ¡ and irwos fduid'thattH'e greater part of the'property -in tho house' was charred. or burnt to. .Under, j Two - ' medical, gentlemen - Dr. Barker. and 'Mr::'Blower ^'visited', the' scene of the 'fiery mystery, and af noon, made an application .'to..tho sit- ting magistrates, (in' tho absence ofLthe- mayor), for sanction to their proposal of submitting.the matter to thc coroner. Tho? coroner Jost iio time in !iümmbnins; (ajury;.which consisted of tho.most respectable trades- men of the town, and which proceeded to business at tho Çoûrjro,.Iun.. Thc- inquest commencod'at 3*30 -p^m. on.Monday afíeruoon,.an4, át '7. ó'clócV'ww ad- journed to Tuesday, morning, et.10... On Tuesday it ! was T¡wwhcd.ánd. Concluded by 6 o'clock p.m. L>;tho cóW in'qmry ^tho,,whole of tho mcidents.fsomo of .which,wo have mentioned above b^y way of Specimens), wore'deposed to, and every, effort 'rando to açcûùnVfbr mesihfchlar dcôurrcnçès. : At one ?timeliUicro .'.iva?some 'stigri^liops of.^fahlishihg a connexion between tho-fire of Tuesday night and the ^numero^s'outbrciks of &c; following Sunday, but this ;idoa>yosabandoned1 perforce-^soj far,'at'least,ir*as any ordinary connexion betwoenthe two BotVof o'vents waa 'concerned. Thc medical testimony of tho two goatlc mon named above was by far the most, important, ln osrauoh as it most distinctly.' domblianod all precon- ceived explanations,.end also because it. indicated a most remarkable/and important, class of truths in prac- tical chymiatxy./'iAVithW to givenformal solution of tho phenomena, these goutlemen were of opinion that .thc sulphurous fumes,- in 'connexion with tho gas of tho", charred .V°pd. luid . charged vtho cntiro . house with inflammable gas, which, iu- some cases by friction, in.othcrs by electricity, had been from time ^to'timo ignited." No suspicion ? of ony person survived the first few hoars of tho inquiry,.although .tho jory felt that there ' was noi grouud for n'dlttinot opinion on tho matter. T¡tío dcpwltipns, will doubtless bc submitted' to some -eminent biampbUtori inchyujical science,, and it is to be hoped that they will be nblo-to. glvo a moro precise solution to the mystery which has flllod many n wise hoad withmUgivings as to .the spiritual googr.ipi.y cf tho ;somewhat lonely house. " rThc verdict of the jury, was, according tb thc evi- dence; so far ni the first firo (Tuesday) was concerned, ;- Ao?ldontál,"'(ind willi regard to thc other Aro* th« verdict wu's an'open oiic. - . . - ?-. " * VoLU.\\-TBBn \AÚTitV¥Q^-T-'^o atténtíoh of member» of this Corps ls particularly' called to thc requirements of Aogimental order* of Saturday l«jr, with référença to d full dress Inspection Parade, on Friday next, be- fore' thc'monthly muster^ - v - - "? 