SUPERSTITIONS, CUSTOMS, AND BURIALS OF THE ABORIGINES. The first of the third course of lectures for the season 1856 was delivered yesterday even- ing at the Mechanics' Institution, the lecturer being Mr. Blandowski, of the Museum of Na- tural History, and the subject the Supersti- tions, Customs, and Burials of the Aborigines, a topic which Mr. Blandowski has already treated with considerable ability. The subject is one of peculiar interest to those who have made the Australian colonies their home, and it is also one well deserving of the attention of scientific men. It will not be very long-speaking comparatively-be- fore in obedience to that strange, but unvary- ing law which causes the dark and savage forces of mankind to dwindle and wither be- before the white man's civilisation- the abori- gines of Australia will cease to exist except in tradition. All that can then remain to guide the researches of the ethnologist or physiologist will be the recorded results of the observations of gentlemen who, like Mr. Blandowaki, have accurately and carefully investigated this interesting but difficult subject. No want of due appre- ation of the lecturer's efforts was manifested yesterday evening, the large room of the in- stitution being filled in every part. The lecturer in his exordium commented upon the small share of attention which had hitherto been devoted to a knowledge of the manners and customs of the aborigines, and also upon the fact to which we have already averted, viz.. the disappearance of the black before the white races. He instanced this by the rarity of the appearance of the natives in the vicinity of Mel- bourne, near which city they were formerly in crowds. There were many facts which he had observed years since in reference to the aborigines, and which he could not explain even at that time, and he therefore gave to the public the facts which his limited knowledge of the native language enabled him to understand, in the hope that others might be induced to do the same. There were in the colony not more than 200,000 na- tives, and they had been known to the civi- lised races for 300 years, and yet the world was still without any distinct information as to the habits and manners of the inhabitants of a country equal in size nearly to the whole of Europe. There were three distinct tribes. The classes amongst the natives-the first being composed of those who were distinguished by ? and fidelity to their tribes. They were very few in number, and performed all the religious ceremonies-such as knocking out the teeth of the young men, cutting off the finger prints of the young women, perforating the septum of the nose. To them were ascribed supernatural powers-such as those of con- controlling the elements of nature, flying through the air at night, and sending, by supernatural means, letters or messages to far distant tribes. These persons, or " corrincles," were crafty and sinister in aspect, and differ- ing altogether from the open, manly, and de- termined aspect of the warriors. These men were diviners of omens, such as the arrival of birds, insects, &c;, at the camp. They also supplied their warriors with human kidney fat, torn from a stunned but not dead enemy. When they desired to procure this revolting unguent the corrincles cautiously approached an enemy's camp at night, and, having watched their opportunity, stunned their victim with a blow of a club, taking care not to destroy life. They then opened the side between the ribs and hip, and with their nails tore out the fat from around the kidneys. The victim often survived this dreadful ordeal a day or two, but in extreme torture. The fat so procured was most reli- giously kept, and on occasion the faces and breasts of the men were rubbed with a little of it, under the impression that the courage of the deceased was thereby transferred to them, and that weapons annotated with it were more successful in war and the chase. These elders, often retired from the tribe for weeks, and concealed themselves in caves. On their return they were received with great veneration, and they pretended to have seen visions. They were also expert ventriloquists, and gave oracular answers to questions of the tribe. The ceremony of knocking out the front teeth of the youths was thus performed:- great many aborigines having assembled, ?ned, passed a night in dancing and singing. A space of grass, 27 feet by 18, was cleared the next morning, and the lads were placed on the side, with the corrincles and strangers on the other. The boys were taken away from their own side one by one, with many gesti- culations, and were compelled to sit down, shaking on the ground, on the other; nor are they allowed to look up, or take any re- freshment for hours. The corrincles on the following day threw themselves on the ground with gestures indicative of pain, and pre- tended at last to be delivered of a bone,- their ?ect in gesticulating thus being to raise a belief that the more they suffered the less the victim would feel the operation. The young men then ran about on all fours, imitating the dingo, or native dog, over which this ceremony was supposed to give them dominion. The figure of a kangaroo made of grass was carried about with many ceremonies-thus giving them do- minion over that animal. The boys were then placed in a cluster, the corrincles sitting near them, and making horrible faces, sounds, and gesticulations. The boys were then ?-ed on the body each of a corrincle, who writhed about and emitted a growling sound. The boys were thus supposed to be rendered, ?ve men. At last a lad was taken, his gum lanced with a sharp bone, and the tooth knocked out. Three feints were always made before the tooth was struck, the corrincles ?und raising a hideous clamor to drown the cries of pain which might be uttered, as a blow to remove the tooth was often re- peated several times before it was removed. The blood was not removed from the face of the boy, but allowed to dry there. He was now initiated into the class of men, and al- lowed to use the spear and boomerang, to go forth to battle, and to choose a wife for himself. Great pains were taken during these cere- monials to exorcise any evil spirits near, and Mr R. Mitchell mentioned that a party of savages mistook him and his party for such, and were convinced of it, apparently, on see- ing a pistol discharged. As to their omens they attached great importance to shooting stars, and held thunder and lightning in great fear. They never whistled, probably from the natural desire of concealment, and never broiled fish at night, fearing the poisonous influence of the moon. They often attempted to frighten each other, and to frighten Europeans with whom they happened be travelling. An instance occurred to himself (Mr. Blandowski) while travelling towards the junction of the Murray and the Darling. A native guide attempted several times to alarm him by feats of dexterity, such as going away for a little distance, and apparently without moving, throw- ing sticks and stones in his direction. When detected, he asked him. "If he seen the 'debble debble." Their treatment of their sick was very peculiar. sometimes they compelled a sick man to hold his face in the smoke of a fire as long as he could hold his breath. At other times they made him take water in the mouth and spit it out again, this operation was repeated several times. When a native died suddenly warriors assembled to decide who had caused his death, and fixed upon some person who might be either friend or enemy. If a friend or member of the tribe were pitched ? a grand corrobboree was held, and the nearest female relative or lubra of the de- ceased, armed with a waddy, belaboured the heads of those whom she suspected with ? so vigorous that to an European it was a matter of the greatest wonderment that the waddy was not shattered to pieces. Any one showing symptoms of dissatisfaction to this ordeal was pricked with spears, so as to cause great pain in his arms and legs, by three or four warriors, who accompanied the lubra. If an enemy were fixed on, an opportunity was taken to steal to the camp and murder one of the tribe, whose kidney-fat was then re- moved. The natives believed in evil spirits and ghosts, and for this reason never left their camp after dark. They never bore the same name as a dead member of the tribe, and never mentioned his name; but if ?sed to indicate him, did so by recalling some circumstances connected with the in- dividual when living. Their mourning was performed by cutting their arms and thighs, and by a manifestation of indifference to ward circumstances. It was a common ?omania with them to fancy a spear-head sticking in their back. This they were cured of by the corrincle's pretending to extract a spear-head or bone. They recovered from wounds much sooner than white men, owing to their not using salt or spirits; but they suffered dreadfully from disease, amongst the worst of which was catarrh. If a father ?wished to transfer his courage to his son he opened a vein in his arm, and suffered the the blood to run down his son's back. Females were frequently sprinkled with cold water dur- ing their confinement. A woman getting tired of her child, killed it, and adopted a dingo ? instead ; and when a woman died her ? was often buried with her. Children and cripples were killed a few days after their birth ; when twins were born, one was in- stantly killed -and the same rule applied to half caste children. Notwithstanding this, it is undeniable that they felt great pain in parting with their children, and with those infirm persons who were unable to feed themseves, and who were suffered to wander the bush. Cowardice was the greatest dis- grace a native could incur ; but when they were opposed to white men-of whose great superiority in weapons they were aware-it was considered proper prudence. The native were capable of considerable magnanimity, and one instance had occurred in his pre- sence- where the life of a brutal bul- lock-driver had been spared, "as unworthy of revenge," after he had assaulted one of their women in a disgraceful manner. and when he was in the middle of a native camp in the bush, and totally in their power. The natives believed in the re-ap- pearance of the dead on the earth, and he (Mr. Blandowski) had on one occasion been assured by an old woman of the natives, with many tears and a kiss, that he was the ghost of her son, who had been killed by a spear wound in the breast. It was not uncommon for the natives to imagine that their deceased relatives re-appeared as white men, and hence the caress of the old lady who took him for her son-a delusion which he did not en- courage, but in which she was evidently so sincere that he had not the heart to dispel it. The men of the tribe too saluted him as a relative, and brought their children to him. Before a native was buried the native women proceeded to the spot intended for his grave before sunrise, and gave way to lamentations. They also singed off their hair and covered the head with clay and lime to a thickness of two inches-probably to guard against the cold. This they wore for some time. The mode of sepulture varied according to the rank and sex of the deceased. The tribe around the mouth of the Murray wrapped their dead in their " 'possum rugs," and bound them with withes, until they resembled mum- mies. A kind of rude scaffold or platform of branches were next constructed, and the body placed on it, and covered with grass. It was so placed as to face the east, or any water that might be in the vicinity. Here the body re- mained until decomposition was far advanced. The tribe then assembled, and the body was taken on the back of a native through the bush. A number of holes were dug simul- taneously and with great rapidity, and the bearer of the corpse, suddenly selecting one of these, threw in the body and covered it up. The other holes were filled as hastily as they had been dug, and by these means the natives imagined that they had confused the evil spirit, or " debble debble," so that he could never discover the true grave. Other natives buried their dead in huts, encircled by walls of bark, and several circles of bark drawn round it. They did this to cheat the evil spirit, who could neither walk over the bark nor creep under it. In these huts were placed arms to enable the occupants when they rose to resist the evil spirit. The tribes near Guichen Bay buried their dead in a sitting posture-the head rest- ing on the knees-and the grave covered by a hut, with trenches round it. In another tribe the body was placed in a sitting posture across two sapplings, covered with a hut. The whole was then borne by four men to the place of sepulture. He had himself seen a platform erected in the topmost branches of a sheoak, in which he was told the body was laid. This grave had the appearance of an eagle's nest. At Mount Gambier the body was placed in the hollow of a tree, and fire being applied, it was quickly consumed by the great draught. Young women and boys were usually con- signed to the ground. The tribes around Gee- long buried their dead in graves, and placed between sheets of bark, and these graves were surrounded by ornamented ground, somewhat resembling the plan of an European garden. The lecturer concluded his address, which ex- tended to some length, by an appeal to the good feeling of the white races in favor of the aborigines, whose birthright they had possessed themselves of. This very interesting lecture, of which our space only allows us to give the outline, was illustrated by coloured drawings hung round the walls of the room, and conveying a vivid idea of the scenes described by the lecturer. The lecture was also copiously interspersed with quotations from the best-informed per- sons-writing in reference to the customs of the aborigines. Taken as a whole, the lecture might be said to convey a very fair idea of the customs of the aboriginal races of Aus- tralia, although there is, doubtless, much more for the scientific and curious enquirer to learn in this respect. The lecturer was warmly applauded, and a vote of thanks to him passed unanimously. A little more attention to ventilation would be of advantage when lectures are to be delivered in the large room of the Mechanics' Institution : all the windows and doors were left shut yesterday evening until the heat became overpowering. Where the Press, too, is required to perform a duty by giving these lectures to the public, it would be of advan- tage to it's representatives to be allowed a table. It is inconvenient to write in a crowd on the crown of one's hat. 