~dlct .ia1rF3. KATHILEEN OF GLENARD. o0UNDEO PrON rAPTS. (Concluded from last week.) *CHAPTrER III. Tga s11 that rose next morning had not yet sunk behind the western hills when a traveller alighted from one of the public conveyances, that in those mountainous districts serve as a substi tute for railways and stage coaches, and passing by thie chipel already mentiond, wended hris way towards the Glen. IIo looked eagerly nround.him; and on gaining the summit of the hill, quickened his steps as ihe turned from tha?ighl road dow'p the lane which led to the cottage of Dermid. What a sight wais therol Thle cottage was in ruins; the roof was gone, and the blaElcened iand still smoking rafters slowed that fire had been employed in its destruction. The wanlls wsre stillstanding, but broken and deftced; and some rosetrees, which the hand of Charlie had twined around the windows, now trailed along the ground. "Alasl alasl" exclaimed tite astonisled spectator, as Ihe gazed on the scene of desola lion; " can this be the work of accident, or of design ? and the inmates-where are they?" He flaw towards a half-clad boy, who was crss ng.over some stepping stones in the river, and exelaimed " Tell me, child, when was this house burned down, nnd what.has become of its owner, Der paid?" " Wha-a-t," said the child, unable to reply from qmozemert at the eagerness, as well as the ignorance displayed by hIis questionaer. Thle words were repeated with even more vcle mence; and thd .boy, after gaining the bank, peaned to have gained with it self-possession. " Do you not ken," he said, "that they are all away?" " Who are awayl Where are they all gone? Why is this house deserted and in ruins?" " Oh, just Dermid, and Nelly, and iathleen. They went back in the rint; and Hr. Telzifair, the a-a-ageat, came upon them for the money; and it's pay it they could'nt, so ihe turned them out, and set fire to the Iouse; for he said it wasn't worth thie repairing; and they're all away till Americay." The torrent of ill news thus poured upon the listener's ear, was more than ho could withstand. IIo had braved many dangers-he had encountered years of toil-and, alike on the battle-field or on the lingering march-at the moment of action or in the weary watchl of the nigl!t--ha had stood firm to Isis post--un linching in his duty; but a tale such as this spolke to his heart, and might well have crushed i mqro hardly one than his. He uttered not a word-not a cry; but, tottering back a few paces, lo leaned for a moment against a tree for support, and at length sunk on the grass in a state of inseusilility. The child had passed, unheeding, on his way. No i'd was near; and it was long cre lpnatnra' effoirt cold bring b'ack reviving con spioilsneps. With it came all the horrors of the scetup; pod, senseless save to the one absorb ipg tdea, tlso soldier moved towards the ruin, seated himself on a fragmont of the wall, and gazed in mute agony around. HIe remained or lours in the same posture, and was still rivetted to the spot, when, after a long and watinsomo jouney, Charlie Connellan, sick at heart, returned as night fell, and was proceed ipg aomewprds by way of she glen. llis first impulso had been to go somemiles around, and tvoid pass?ng thecottag?; but then, ihe thought, Wtiti all tltu is left of her, and shall Inot revisit hernow spolato home?" Little ws ha prepared for the scene of ruin and desiteon which that once happy home esented to his viewl The blackened walls, to mouldering fragments of thatch, proclaimed po iell bow soon the work of destruction had eon began--how rapidly carried on. " Base tyrantl" he exclaimed, "was it not 1potgh to tao possession of tile poor man's cabin, but onast thou destroy also ? Thie owner was turnod adrift, to secure to thyself his little shelter; and now that little shelter is levelled to the gronmd. Woo, woo to our land when herrightfullords desert us, and strangers are sent to boar rule in their placol" Such were the bitter expressions of mingled griefand indignation that burst from his lips as he hurried through the gateway, crossed thie threshold, and passed on to the midst of the loor where one stood the klitchen. The ro cpt9p?tion of the last evening spent here with her whom he had lost, fell heavily to his heart. Her voice, her air, her manner, as, firm to hIer risolution of going, she yet betrayed her grief agtls. thlwoght of parting from him-all rose th;lt, vivid colouring to his mind. Sobs elhoaked his uttorance, and tears rolled heavily down ls chit s. Fb loig he was startled by a sound, as of a stifled groan, that seemed to issue from the rained wall beside thie kitchen hearth. Hte tuged tawrds the' spot. Dark and gathering douds, that indicated a coming storm, had partially obscured the moon. Sile now shone out with renewed splendour, and by her light lie behleld the figure ofa man reclining against a heap ofstzoucs; his pallid features wearing the appearance of something unearthly. Nor was this idea less likely to strike with awe the imagination of Connellan, when hIe recognised the features, pale nod ghastly as they were, of the son of Dermid. Horror- struck by thelo vision, yet possessed of too much moral courage to be over- come by the terror whichl it inspired, Ite stoodsome moments, confronting the form, though not daring to accost it, until slowvly it advanced from its resting place, and gazing at him, exclaimed, "Charlie Connellan, is it thus we meet again?" "And is it ya?rself, Mauricc, or is it your ghost that speaks to mo? And ohl why is it that you have come here at this time, to find your homo destroyed, your mother, father, and Zathleen gone?-" Not regarding one another now as rivals, but as brothers in alfliction, the two y'ong men grasped each a hand of the thlgr, and proceeded to hear and to relate their respective tales of occurrences, which were mutually interesting. Miaurice eagerly enquired into the cnause of the desolation he had witnessed--heard eovery par titular with breathless attention, and thot briefly told his own adventures. lecovering from the fever, which had nearly cost him his life in the West Indies, he had ob tained leave to quit iis regiment, and to return homne in. attendance on a young officer who soon after hIis. arrival in England fell a victim to thoclimato which he had left. IMaurice had wvatched him night and day, and hie had only waited to see his remains laid in their last rest ing-place, and tlhen hastened homeward, en riched by a dying bequest of his late master, in the oxpectation of rendering his family more comfortable than they had been for some years past. What was now his disappointment and self-repronchl at inot having acquainted them of his arrivalin England, instead of waiting to he hIimself the bearer of news which came too latel On what could hie determine in his pre sent perplexity? lieo could follow his friends to America--lt might bring them back to their own country; uint hlero they had no longern a lome to which they could return, and the lmeans ie lhad saved would be greatly diminisled cre ieto could procure one of them. Charlio tried every effort to calm the feelings and ansuago tihe grief of his friend. I itook him to hiis own hlome, and bestowed on Iim every consolation in his power, whlilst his own heart was bursting with recollections of thel past, and solicitude for thie fiture. In the time of our utmost need, Providence often sends unexpected relief. It was but a few days after the events recorded lhere, that the village of Glenard was gladdened by tile on-looked for return of its young lord. Great was tihe rejoicing occasioned bIy his arrival. Tihe news soon spread throughlout tihe neigh bonriood, and Chlarlio with Matrice, whol still lingered there, were amongst the crowd who flocked to the village on thie evening to witnesis tihe illuminations, iand to learn the reasons why and wherefore hislordshlip had come to take up his abodo at the castle, in a mainuner so sudden and so unforeseen. Night came. Charlio was not wont to re main out so late; and his old blintd mother sat by the fire waiting anxiouly for Iis return, rlhen she was startled by a knocking at the door, not loud, but continluous, as if some per son outside eager for adltissioa. " Who's thre??" said the old woman. " May I conmetin?" said a gentle voice. "Come in and welcome; but you must pull tihe latch outside, for I can scarce make miy way to the door." Quickly was the scmmons obeyed, and IIan nal listened eager to tihe sound of thle footstep, is it approached to whole she sat. " Now tell me," sllo esxclaimcd, almost breathlless with sudden emotion, " how Ihave you come liere?" "I hiave come. miother, allollselss wanderer, to ask for shelter and protection, where I belio ved it would not be rcflised." " It is-it must be-thie voice, and the trcad of Katllleen, if she yet walks this earth!" A soft hand placed within Itr's was tile only answer, but it was quite sufliilentt to confirul the truth of tihe conjecture which had before flashed across her mind, and it was instantly followed by a long and fond embrace. But, though her remaisning senses, rendered more acuto by Ilerloss of sight, lhad suflficed toidentify, to Hannlah's ilntmost satisflction, tie person of the worn and wearied traveller resting by hier side, withl that of one whom, next to hier own son, sie loved with the warsmst alfection, yet were both hier senses and hier reasoning powers quite inadequate to solve tle mystery of how a girl, whom shie now to a positive certainty to be on the high seas, could at one and tie same moment he lhere in hier cabin, seated with her at her own fire-side. KIathllen's tale of disaster and suffering was quickly but feelingly recounted. T'ile ship in which the poor emigrants had ventured all their worldly possessions was not many leagues dis tant from the coast, whlen it encountered a ter rile gale of wind. All night tie crew battled with the elements, but were unable to mahe head against their fury; and, whlen morning dawned, they found thlemselves driven back with so much violence against the land, that thle captain declared hIis inability to masnage thie vessel, from iher hIaving on board an over abundance of passengers. Tlhey were at the time olf tle entrance to Looghl Swilly, and as a last alternative he strove, by putting in there, to obtain slheltcr and safe anchorage. But tlhough the rago of thie tempest had in some measure abated, tile ship was no longer sea worthly, and already it began to fill withl water. 'The men worked hard at the pumps, but this too was ineffectual. Tihe boats were lowerced, and nas many as they could hold Letookl them selves to the mercy of thie waves. Some lind and charitable persons on shore adventured their lives to save the few remaining passcngers, and also the sailors, who with the captain were the last to leave the ship; but the time for aid was passed-ere they could reach tihe sinking vessel shie had settled down with all on board a perfect wreck. The boat in whiclh Kiothleen, her uncledo and aunt, were plae.cd, had great dificulty in reach ing the slhore. At length they founl them solves on land, with their lives spared, but everythinig else belonging to them, save tlhe clothes they waoro, was totally and irrecover ably lost. Tile sceneliere was dreadful. Mlany lay extended along thie beach, unable from fright, fatigue, and illness, to raise themselves from tle ground. Others wandered about in searchl of food and lodging; old men and women nearly fainting by the way, and little children crying from cold and hunger. Thie emigrants met with muchl kindness from the people of the locality. They offered food to all, and raiment to those who needed it. They gave them shelter in theirhouses, and re stored many poor sufferers, whom terror and sea-sickness had reduced them to the brink of the grave. A suhscription was set on foot throughout tile village and neighbourhlood, to furnish them with the means of reaehing their respctrivo places of abode, ortho abode of some friends-for many, like Dermtid, had no longer a home to which tlhey might return. But thlere were few persons of rank or wealth amongst the inhabitants; but when the sum thus col lected and shared amongst numbers, asnoll por tion fell to the lot of each. Attempts were madeto save some portion of property from tile wreck, but in vain. To impose further on the liberality of strangers, would have been an un worthy return for kindness freely given, and unmorited on tile part of the sufferers. To seelk for shelter in their native place became a duty incumbent on all; antd on the third day after their landing, Dermid and hisi little party bad adieu to tle kind hlostess who had received them into her house, and set forward with sad and almost despairing hearts in the direc tion of Glenard. One ray of hope cheered them on their path. The clergymen of thie parishl which they were leaving. and iwho had been most active in ad ministering to the wantns of theo passengers, had told D)ermid, on hearing the name ofhis former resildence, that he felt assured he would meet with aid and protection from Lord Glenard, with whom he onas intimately ncqeaintcd, and from whom be had heard lately of his return to Ireland, and of his intention of coming im mediately to reside on his estate, that hlie might in future spend his income amongst his ten antry. Animated by this intelligence, they lhad journied some miles on foot, when Dermid found himself utterly unable to proceed fitrther thlat day, and was obliged to demand shelter for the night in a cottage by the wayside. IIe had loped that rest here would enable himn to continue his journey next day; but whlen tie next tinay came his limbs refused their office, and fatint and weary, and sick at Cheart, lihe could not proceed. In addition to the other ihardships undergone on the passage, he had been obliged to tlke it in turn with the rest to work a0 the pumps. It was too miuch for his aged frame ; and though lie had till now horne up against his many trials, he isuik at length under them, and was obliged to yield to the pressure of bodily disease, which, added to that of the mind, reduced himi to a state of total exhauostion. Time was inost preocions; for, in the event of Lord Glenard having or rived, hie must be spoken to without delay, and petitioned to restore the houtso and farm before they could he disposed of to another. It wast therefore agreed that Kathlaeen should under takethle remainder of the journey alone, and, throwing herself under the protection of Charles Connellan, slhould gethis asosstanco in making goodther application to the landlord i whilst Nelly remain in attendance on her husband. KIthleen wnas fortunnte in foiling in with some companions amongst thie onigrants wle were returning in the stame direction; and slto had this day travelled on foot utpwards of twenty mileUs witlhout tasting food, save n morsel of broad whlich hier aunt Ihad put into lier hantd on setting out. " And Ilre you have not tasted a morscel sinco yon came!" said IInnah. "Opoun the drawer of tile dresser, child, nod you will find some bread; a nd there is milk itn a jtg on tite shelf. I made it ready for Charlie, wlten lIe shoutld romne losre; and surely if it was tilme last morsel he had, Ile would divide it with you." Strengthlnoed by the food of twhlcl slo nto but sparinglv; IKsatlleenn resumcd her sent; and it wvas now hter turn to listen wiith nmnzcement to tie wtonderful story of lher cousitts restora tion to life, and of his return from abroad. With uplifted hIands and eyes, while tears of joy streamed down hier ciheeks, sto Iheard in mutoe astonishment tle whlole recialt; and could sr'elye credit tile assertion that he woulss be tlhre hIimself that night, to sproe to hier that Ile wasn still alive. She spok not in reply; butt fidling on lier knees, she breathed a prayer of gratitude to her Ieavenly Fathelr, vlwho Ihad thus provided hIelp antd comfort for lier parentst in tihe time of their utmost need. Toe pious oexprecssion of her feelings, relieved Iher swelling Iheart; and stle now talked canlmly withl Ilan tnat over tile occurrences of thle past eveontfid wveek. Sudldenly tley caughtt tile sound of approaching footsteps. 'Thol door opened-and Csharlie and Manurice entered tlte cottage. It were needless to attempt tdescribing the joy of IMaurice, thle delighit of Charlio, the mnatementt of bIothl at thle sight of Kathleon, or thle warm allection with which shle returned their salutations. And yet, wlhen the first transport ofglad snrpriso was over, many con flicting thoughlts passed thlroughl the minld of thosoldier, and filled hIis heart with varying emotions. Memory recalled thie happy hours of childhlood, when his cousin was thie cost panion of hIis sports;-of boyhlodl, when t eo began to regard her withl sentiments of foender nttaclmtent ;--of mnnahood, wllen those senti ments ripened isso love; and shte twas to him Ilkethe snbeam, sheldding light across I]is pathway, and cleering his humble abode. Thlen canme tlhe dread hIour wlhen hIe tore hIimself away from lher presence, nnd sacrificed hIis feelings at the shrine of religious impulso. Still, go wherle he would, hier imtage was over before him; in dangers and in dilliculties, in sickness and in sorrow, that imago seemed as a guardian angel to nwatchl aronnd him; ,od, despite of hlimself, lIoe had ever looked withl longing expectation to his return hIome to his country-to hIis friends--alnd to Kathloon. Now he o had returnedl-he haId met her--she stood before himi again, and-it was in tile hIouse of a rival! Yet that rival was tihe most generous of men, atld le Iad acted n brother'n part by him. lti lad no certainty of hisi boinsg an accepted lover; it was but his own suspi ciont; nud Ite resolved to suppress his feeolings, and enjoy tle present without brooding over the past, or indulging gloomy surmises about the future. CHIAP. IV. Sn aTED between hIer two admirers, each grasp ing a Iand of hcr's, Kathleen recounted her adventures by seoa and latd. IMany ejaculations were uttered at her providential escapepo fromt eachnl succeeding danger; and minny wishes were poured forth that thleir faithful arms had been tlhere to aid in thle rescuo of herself, hlier friends, andi thie otler nnalppy sufferers. She tlen learned tihe good news that Lord Glenard had actually returned hlomo, and thlat thtre were good hopes of hler mission troving suc cossful, sincee Ile had already reeognisold his foster-brothor amongst the crowd, and lhad de sired tlht lIe might soon see him again, and receive from hint every intelligenco respecting hIis nurse. It was agreed, therefore, that the next day Maurice should, with Kathleen, call at tile Castle, tnd request ant interview with its master; and, whatever might be thie result of their application, that Maurieo should be the bearer of it to his father and mother, whom le longed most ardently to reach: leaving Kath ler under lhmnnah's care, to recruit her str ngth, until thie return of all thi party to G iatrd. "amo sped--nod it waos a late hour when KIatl..en retired with Hannah to her sleoping apartment for the remainder of the night, whlile the twh young men stretched themselves beside the kitehen fire. The next morning was far advancee ero thie kind host or hostess would allow tite weary traveller to be awakened ; and when shite entered the kitchen shite there found a neat antd comfortable breakfiast prepared Iy IMaurice for all their party. With thantkful hearts they partook of the welcomne repast; andt directly after, Kathleen tied on hier cloak and bonnet, and with her two faithful attendants proceeded to tie village. At thie entrance to the park, Chartie left htis companions, and walked round to\ meet them at another gate; whilst thie cousins pursued their way, with anxi ous hearts and eacor wishes as to thie success of thecir petition. 4lhey were not made to wait long for an interview with the young noble man; and when simmoned to hiis presence, they were charnmed bIy hiis open manly counton ance-his kind, yet'dignifited appearance. "You ihave not be~n tardy in fulfilling your promise, my good oster-blrother," hie said. " But whom hIave wd here? Not my nurse, most assuredly!" \ "My lord," Mauricc'eplied, "my mother is too far distant from hr natilvo place to ap pear before you in person,\but as hier repro sentativo slto sends hier sister's child to plead with me hier cause, and to \solicit a patient lhearing from your lordshlip,, while we state to you the ihardstips to whichI an aged couple and a young and simple girl have been ex posed ; in order, my lord, to rid your estate of tenants whoso only fiult was ttheir poverty. Two years back, I was enabled tv set tit, according to custom, a remittanco f mnoney, which I was in the habit of saving for them from my daily pay as a soldier. hit c ten, beitg removed to the West Indies, twasin imminent danger of filling a victim tole cli mate. lIy parents received tidings of my'drah. They could no longer pay the rett of tltefarl. My father made an olffer of giving up a part of it to a neighbour, who would wiillingly hav joined it to his own, and thie remaindr y father couls himself hIave managed. IIe l your honoured father's word that as long as l| lived Iheo should never have his house part from him; but that word vwas not suflicient fo those who came to acnet in your lordshlip's name. lty parents were told that they mustleav?e their place; and that by way of compensation, their passage should be paid to Amterica. It was next to transportation; but they could not con tend withr power, backed by seeming justice; and, though it bIroke their ihearts, they gave up their cottage in the glen!" " Whatlt" replied hIis auditor, " the pretty cottage near which I have so often strayed whith you; and wlence, providing ourselves with fishing-rods, we hiave gone to spend the day on the river's margin, watching the trout as they played around us; and ohl what delightt there was wheon we coauld bring oneo to the Ibantk 1" "The same, my lord; and as I was saying, they left their hIome and their country, to bio take themselves to exila in a foreign land. They had hlot been gone many hIours, wheln their cottage was by ruthless hIands torn dowa , and reduced to ashes; aed, as if this weroe not ctnough, even the hieavens setlted to be adverse to their cause, and to send forth the eleolents to fitlt ogaist them. Tho tempest drove them back;. The ship in which thIey had sailed wvas driven a wreck upon thie coast, and a few only of tile passengers narrowly escaped a watery grave. My ftltter lies near the scene of hIis rescue, dangerously ill ; ani Kathlicon, my cousin, came yesterday a journey of uptwards of twenty miles, on foot, to pray ftr redress at your lordship's Iands, nod to soleiit aid for my suffering parents. Phlaced in any, even the meanest spot on your estate, my arm is now able to work for thltem, anud they shall not want the means of support. Wo only ask for the shelter of a hiouse, and for protection from the arm of the oppressor." For some momonts Lord Glenard mde o 1 reply. His face glowed with resentment of the ijurices sustained by a helpless fimnily, mingled with self-reproach as he recolleeted how truly his own absece might ie deemlod the leading cause ofthose ijuries. Tihen turnling to IKaLth leen-" And you, fair supplihmt," hie said, "have you nothing to add to this affecting appeal?" "No, mty lord," shoe replied timidly, whilst her eyes beamed with cloqouence; "I hIave nothing to add, except thaIt I can, as an oye witness, vouchl for tieto truthll of overy word which Maurico has spoken." "I well remember," said Lord Glenard, "a little girl who would come and sit Ibeside Its on the grass, while we followed our sport, and silng us wild songs to beguile the timeno; and, whont we had been out late, would bring us bread and howls of milk from the cottalge. The form is changed, and thie features too, in some degreeoo; but tho name of KatIleon is fiuniliar to teto, as well as the silver sounds of that voice. I have travelled overmanoy lnds--Ilhave visited many notions; but, though long abandtoned, my own conttry Ihas never beenot obliteratod fromn my toind; and dearor far to 0m are the plaintive tornes of her mountain children, thnn the most voluptuous melodies of the south. Beclieve me, my friends, the injustice of which you complain was totally onknown to tme; and though I do not say no Ilnnme attaches to me from its being uukltown,.yot, Ihad Ibeen on the spot, it sholon never Iavo occurredt. Let your father and mother be brought back to GlCenard, Maurice, as soon as tihe former is able to undertako the journey. Taku a lodging where you think hIe can be nmado comflbrtblo, for theo present; and we sthall see about providing him with a house. In the meantuim. let ovorythilng he done, in the way of medical aid, or otherwise, that can haIton Its recovery." Ie put into the hands of Katltecn a purse contining ntmple monls of rexceting his twishes; nld then dinsmissed them, after they had poured fotrthl, us best tlhey cotld, tile overllowing gra titudo of ttoir hIecrts. IThey talked of the unlooked for bounlty of their patron, until tlheoy came near thoe gato whelro Charles was to meet themI - wlonI .anurico, stopping shllenly, nadtdrlessed his co panion in a tone of solomtno inquiry:-"Kathtl leon," he said, "before we go lithrthor, nlswer mu this qlluestion. Is it not true that Clharlio Connellan loves you?" " Why should I dolly the trtth?" she replied, whilst the colour mounted to iher cheek ; " Ihe does love to,." ' Anld you love hlin ill return?" "Manrice," slto nanswered, " yon know woll that I was never bound to you by anty ti lInut that of relationship ; you cannot tlhen thlink mo to lhave been slighting your nllaffection, wheln, kttowoing as I did, tlhat wo mlighlt never be united-- that yourself had owned it on leaving the cotntry-I ullowed myself to form an attach ment for one whom I considered in every way worthy." " No, Kathlccn; I acquit you of any blame. I only wished to knowtltho whlole truth of my-" hIe clhecked inmself; then taking lher hanld "Come, sister," lie said, "it grows late, and I hIave tr to go to-niglht." At the park gate thlov met Charlio, and gave hIim an nccountt of thelir reception at the castle. It was the wish of MIITrico tlhat they shouold nccompany hlirn us flr as the ctnpel, and of Kathtlleen also, for sheo could thus return by tlheo glen. Mnauric was silent durinlg tihe remain tlder of thle walkl, anld arrived at the clhapel, hiis friceds were about to bid himi good-byo. "LJ.et us part," eo said, "inside tlhe gateo-at your mooter's grave, Kathlleon." T'lhey advmtcced towards tlhe spot; and i.llthleen threw Iersell on her knees, as she uttered a prayer for tlhato peace which was still for from her tind, amtid ull tihe reasons sle Ihad for gratitude to Itenven. WVhen she arose Maurice took hier hand, and withl it one of Connelln's, and joining them togetller, eo said, "IHore on this sacred ground, I have wished to be the first to make this union of two tlhat are already joined in heart to each other; and to express ily fervent hIope that it may soon be followed by the htoly rite appoinlted by the clutrchl. Bo his, Kothleen lie is worthly of you; and what moro could I say for him ? And to you, Clharlie, I make this doy a last sacrifico of thle wishes, if. not tite hopes of years-a sacrifice whiclh I thought I lind made long since to my religion; but whiclh was never completed utntil I found that ter happiness depenlded on it-and, that in giving hIer up to you, I secure that whlich I hltad sought too long by selisht means. And now, era.n ,ll1 1' Ite turned hastily away, and Chsrlo and IKathleen looked after him in silence, till lie was lost to sight behind a neighbouring hill. Thley then slowly wended tlheir way hIormnewards their own bright prospects of happiness clouded by feelings of regret that tley sihould hare un slttingly been the caunse of so mcih sorrow to the heart of tihe noble-mninded soldier. The munificence of Lord Glenard was not an evanescent feeling, that expands itself largely for a time, and then dies hastily away. It was a steady principle, prompting him to the redress of wrong, whlerever it was fobund needfsl, and to thi wisest and most judicious measures for promoting thie welfare of all on his estate,. lie made a practice of visiting their dwellings, and of seaing into thleir wants and tile capacity for improvement of their respective farms; and lie neglected no means of becoming acquainted with the character and Ihalbits of each individual amongst his tenantry. Soon, from personal observation as well as from thie general voice of tle people, hoe became aware how utterly utqualificd thie appointed agent was for the trust committed to him. Ile was dismissed; and hIis place was filled by a resident gentleman whose knowledge of the peasantry, and anxiety for their welfiare and prosperity, could only be eqtualled by tile rectitude of his principles, and tihe uprightness of hIis'conduct. Together with T''elzifair, all who hIad held a placee in his counsels were superseded, and O'Recily fell into tile obscu rity which liho merited. Amongst tile daily rambles of tihe youngno bleman, tie glen was not forgotten; ansl Io revisited the haunts of his chlildhood, and called to mind its varied pleasures, lie was movel to iadignatlion as well as grief at thie destruction of thie pretty cottage, once thie Isbitation of Dermid and hlis family. IReturning home n e was struck by the appearance of the neat white walls and well-kept garden of a small cottage near the river. Hleentered it, and found an old blind woman sitting alone, and busily engaged in knittig a stockling. The inside of the tldwelling corresplonded wvith thie exterior in neatness. fIe sat down, and onteringinto conversation with Ilannah, learned tlhaut sle wsas supported by ser -on, who, since hie lhad been turned out of em mpyment at tihe "great house," could only get \arle occasionally as a day nlabourer ;--thalt Ihe 'e, betrothed to an amiable young girl, but I had b .w prevented by poverty and other untoward cimstantes from makiing iher hIis wifo ;--tlst sillsoas now stayitng with them, and would be bsc hortly from the well, where she was gone to fe some water. Lord Glenard asked ler nam~e\ "Y 'u'll be a stranger, I reckon, in those parts?,\ You'll not have Iheard of Kathleen of the Gle1?" " Yes'I I Ihave," heo replied, starting at thile name. s Stranger though I ble hIere, I have learned p?st of hier story, but I was not ac quaintCed ss thl the whole of your statement." Soon afte\ the subject of their conversation re-entered ti vttsge, and laying down lier litcher, adv \with much grace and eurtlsiced to her beaef?s be' "I iud u? tDsiood, IKathleen," hIo said, "L that you werr j with Maurice in search of hIis parents, bs end there is an attraction Ihere whichl enel' 50o1 to thie glen. \Vell, I must see this ollA":I'fau's son, and learn tile truth from himselsl, Very soon Clhatisn .s reinstated in his worke at the Castle, awhobsrlshfavourito emliloymentt was to keep tile sile .ics and fiawcerbeds in the front of the wie5 e. thie nicest order. Tho joyful meetitf ??' a son, lwhom hoe be licved far from alOlt? lly? res and sysmpathies, went fisrther towards resin the exhaussted f'ame of D)ermid than au!s t of medical skill could offect; nudbefore mnly olays had passed, he was able to avail 1adl of his patrona's bounty, and to tako possession of a lodging enagogd fior hhim in the village. Who can paint nmother's feelings on the restoration of a lost child l The amazoemont, the transport of Nelly, know no bounds. IIer beloved son her dearest earthlly trenasuro-restored to hler as if by a mtiraclol She coold not believe her nenscs. "Tot thert hie stood-as bheutifol~s over, though he didn't look so blytho altogolhcr s boefore he went sodgering." Sire had never knownI real happiness since he left her; lnt now hie was returned, nnd to Iheap blessings on her head. len had brought renewed health to I)ormnid; and, joy uonutteor bleo-ho had brought her the news that her own foster-son was worthy of his aonme; and that Iheo would yet hofrriend his old nurseol" The marriage of Charlin Connellan and Klathleen was solemnlzed at thie village church ; and nil who witncsscd the bridhl party declnred thatothey were the ihandsomncst and best-nmanrltd pair thatcould beo seen if you were to search tlh country round. lMaurico would fain ihave returned to active lifo in thie service of his qlocn ad coanotry; bitt his mnothor's tears pro vailed over overy other colnsideration, and lie remained to accept tihe place of park-keeper at tlh Castle. And whent, shortly ofter, Lord Glenard brought a youlng andti beauntiful bIride to adorn antd gladden his halolls, ntd to parti cilpat ill his eacts of chalrity and bcneliietcc, a bIlack-eyed maiden, who nccompanied tlho r fromn tltowest, bid fair to become tile successor of Kathleon in tohe afections of the soldier. IThe lodge at the Castlo gate Ihanving recently become vacant, Lord Glenard nmade anu ollr of placing Dermid and Nelly theoro for the re nmaindter of their days. It was thaonkfilly ac cepted; and Nclly, having a residence so near her dear young lord, was reconciled to the loss of hier former abode. 'IThe blessnlgs of peace and prosperity filled the cottages of the peansantry nrotnd; and many a prayeor was oliered up Iy gratefli hearts that long life and Ihanppiness might be thie por tilon of the kind and considcerato lnndlort, who hadt comno to live amnongst tIhemn, ntd wthO nlado their wants hIis sttdy, and itheir welftre Ilis con stannt are. The regular paymcnt of rent wos no longer naccolttcd a grievous cxalction, for they had learnedt to believe tihtt it was far more to their own advantage not to be in arrear; and allowance was ever made when ally unforo seen or insurmountable obstacle came it lito scay. ittt it is chiefly in a m3rnl point of viow thait thie presence of twelltdicted anuthority, wlen mingled with kindness, is diesirable in a conm munity. Thei good examonple of a higher power exteonds its influence stuely andl gradultly to thie minds and lhabits of the populace; and al retlady religion andt gooat order, industry and frugality, enharacteriso theinhabitants of Glen ard. 