LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. \--------<>-------- Political. — Mr. James Quirk and Mr. Thomas M'Combie, both of Melbourne, are coming forward for Evelyn and Mornington. Colonel Anderson is also in the field. We made a mistake yesterday in stating that Mr. Macgregor was a candidate for West Bourke, we should have said East Bourke. Mr. R. M'Dougall is a candidate for West Bourke. Mr. J. P. Fawkner in coming forward for the North West Province (Upper House). Mr. John Allen, whose contract with the Government excited so much attention, is also a candi- date for the North West Province. Mr. B. Kenworthy, who announced himself for Kyneton, has retired in favor of Mr. G. W. Johnston. Messrs. Westgarth, Rae and Stawell are spoken of as competitors for the city. Mr. O'Shanassy is said to have declared his in- tention to test his election on the state-aid question. Dr. Owens has announced himself for Bendigo. Mr. Fawkner will now go into hysterics. MR. ASPINALL. — This gentleman is to lecture next week on Wit and Humour, at the Mechanics' Institute, Castlemaine. NORTH-WESTERN PROVINCE. — John Allan, Esq., of Castlemaine, has been invited by a very influential body of electors in this vicinity to come forward as a candidate for one of the five seats in the house for the North Western Province. In another column Mr. Allen explains his principles, and accepts the requisi- tion. His return is regarded as certain. He is the first candidate who has declared himself for the North Western Province. — Mount Alexander Mail. THE PRIZE ESSAY ON THE EIGHT HOURS QUES- TION.— Several working men have written to us asking us when and to whom the Essays are to be given in. Some Essays are ready. We cannot answer the ques- tion. It was Mr. J. T. Smith, we believe, who offered the prize ; but whether he intended any body to get it, or whether it was to be a Tommy Barber business, we do not know, POPULAR LECTURES. — This evening a lecture will be delivered by Dr. Embling. M.L.C., on the somewhat mysterious subject of " An hour with ghosts, " in the United Presbyterian Chapel, Napier street, Colling- wood. The selection of the topic is not a very substan- stantial improvement upon the Alpaca. The doctor's hobbies seem to grow more (h)airy than ever ! Mr. Sohier also lectures, this evening, at the Mechanics' In- stitution, on Phrenology, in reply to Mr. Blair. NUGGETS. — Two nuggets, weighing respectively 167 ounces and 108 ounces, were last week deposited in the the Bank of New South Wales, from Mount Korong, where they were found at a small distance below the surface. They are exceedingly fine specimens of our auriferous treasures, consisting almost entirely of pure gold.— M. A. Mail. A GREAT Rush. — We are informed, on what we believe to be good authority, than an extensive rush has occurred to some new ground near Dunolly. Nearly 12,000 persons are said to be congregated there, and that they are doing well. We hope the report is true. — M. A. Mail. THE WEEKLY AGE. — This paper will be increased this week to 12 pages, or 72 columns of closely and neatly printed matter. This leaves it without a rival in the whole Australasian colonies, as no other journal combines the same number of sheets in the same con- densed printing. Both quality and quantity may be had now, at all events ! As a medium for advertise- ments, it has all along been extensively used. FOURTH OF JULY. — The American citizens resident in Melbourne intend, as usual, to celebrate the anni- versary of the Declaration of Independence by a grand banquet at the Criterion. A full verbatim report of the speeches, &c.; will be given in the Age. Our American subscribers will thus have an opportunity of trans- mitting a reliable report to their friends in the United States. DER FREISCHUTZ. — Weber's magnificent opera of Der Freischutz (the freeshooter) will be produced at the Royal to-morrow evening, with new and extensive scenery, magic transformations, phantasmagorie effects and characteristic dresses, &c.; No expense has been spared in the worthy production of this extraordinary musical work, whose grand features are terror and sublimity. Gaiety and tenderness occasionally delight the ear, science leads it through all the maze of each enchantment, but wildness and melancholy are its pre- vailing qualities, and sounds of deeper and more awful intonation never thrilled the soul than those lavished on the whole opera of Der Freischutz ; and had the imps of darkness timed their fiddles in the orchestra, and Lucifer himself presided at the harpsichord, sym- phonies more unearthly and diabolical had never been heard than those in the Incantation Scene. On the whole, Der Freischutz is the most extraordinary, the most fantastic, lyric work ever produced in any country. Not relying, as so many modern operas do, on the skill of one or two particular performers, the great effort lays in blending so beautifully vocal and instrumental resources with scenic prestige and appalling dramatic incidents, that all classes of hearers are electrified, and render homage to the genius who thus can have such sway on human nature ! THE MUSICAL FESTIVAL. — This great musical treat is fast approaching. The first grand concert will be given by the Philharmonic Society in the Theatre Royal, on Friday, the 11th instant, with the aid of Madame Anna Bishop, Mrs. Testar, Mr. Guerin, Mrs. Fiddes, Miss Hancock, and the whole of the operatic corps. Band and chorus are expected to number three hundred persons. The orchestra will be erected on the stage, and the fine organ belonging to the Philharmonic Society removed from the Exhibition Building for the occasion. From what we can learn of the preparations being made for the great affair, there can be no doubt that such a treat has never before been within the reach of the public. MR. G. V. BROOKE. — We have often heard Mr. Brooke's admirers express a strong desire to sue him on the boards of the Royal. This evening they will have their wish gratified, as this accomplished artiste has consented to appear as Captain Murphy Maguire in the " Serious Family." Mr. Brooke will proceed imme- diately after for Sydney, in order to fulfil a professional engagement. We scarcely need advise lovers of first class acting to avail themselves of this opportunity. " THE NATION." — The principles upon which the new Ballarat journal will be conducted, are thus stated in the opening announcement : — " The Nation will, therefore, be a thorougly liberal paper ; the friend of good government and enlightened legislation. It will give its hearty support to all measures tending to locate a large agricultural population on the public lands ; in favor of rapid means of internal communi- cation ; in favor of a thoroughly efficient system of education — embracing within its pale the child of every man in the colony ; in favor of the utmost encourage- ment being given to the further development of our vast mineral resources ; in favor of manhood suf- frage and the immediate abolition of the representa- tives' property qualification ; in favor of the payment of nil public officers — whether belonging to the judi- cial, legislative, or executive departments of the state ; in favor of law reform ; and last, though not least, in favor of a free, patriotic press, worthy of the spirit of the age in which we live, and an honor and a blessing to the colony." OH YES ! OH YES ! OH YES ! — Wanted, several Justices of the Peace, who will strictly attend to their duties and make themselves generally useful. Apply, with testimonials, any morning from ten o'clock to twelve. At the Sandhurst Police Court. N.B. Applicants with the bump of conscientiousness strongly deve- loped will be preferred. — Bendigo Advertiser. PERILS OF THE BLACK FOREST. — Last evening Cobb's coach arrived about ten o'clock, the detention having been caused by waiting at Castlemaine for the Melbourne coaches, which, however, had not arrived at the hour at which the conveyance started from Sand- hurst. We are therefore without the Melbourne papers of yesterday, or any intelligence from the metro- polis later than that already given. Of course the detention must be in that terrible Black Forest, and it is just possible that the conveyances have been shaken to pieces on the " Corduroy " road, the travelling over which is becoming a kind of torture looked upon by the hapless wretch whom business calls to Melbourne, with horror. — Bendigo Advertiser, 28th. BEECHWORTH CHARIVARI. — An advertisement ap- pears in our present issue, announcing the establishment of an illustrated Charivari at Beechworth. The notice does not appear to name any particular time of the debut of this bantling ; but there is an air of genuine- ness in it which induces us to think that the adver- tisers are in earnest. We wish them every luck ; the more the merrier. If the project should be carried out, the Stockwhip will be printed by contract at the Constitution office. — Ovens Constitution. BRIDGE OVER THE CAMPASPIE. — The following is a copy of the petition which will be forwarded to the Government, praying for the erection of a bridge over the Campaspie, on the road between Sandhurst and Heathcote : — " The petition of the undersigned land owners, settlers, and others residing in and about the townships of Sandhurst, Heathcote, and Kilmore, in the colony of Victoria, humbly sheweth, — That the above named townships form a large and influential portion of the colony of Victoria, and a great traffic and trade is carried on between them. That the mutual inter- course of your petitioners is much impeded by the want of a bridge over the river Campaspie, and that, espe- cially in the winter season, many lives are sacrificed and much valuable merchandise is lost or damaged in the attempt to cross the said river. That at present, from the absence of any safe means of crossing over the said river, many persons in business are deterred from travelling between the said several townships to their great loss and damage. Your petitioners, therefore, humbly pray that a bridge may be erected over the said river Campaspie ; and that every facility may be afforded of communication between the said townships of Sandhurst, Heathcote, and Kilmore " — Bendigo Advertiser. THE CHINESE. — Yesterday morning a rather unusual scene was witnessed in George street in the procession of about a hundred celestials, dressed in national cos- tume, and each carrying heavy looking burdens attached to the extremities of bamboos. They con- sisted of about a third of a recent cargo, who came to this port with the purpose of proceeding overland to Victoria, and in that way evade payment of the £10 head money imposed on such class of immigrants in the neighboring colony. The peculiarity of their dress, and mode of carriage, the singular order of their pro- cession and their gait excited great curiosity especially on the part of the rising generation. — Sydney Empire, June 28. 