ffifcingi ftmr 3B«gfo TE GHOSTS OF THE INNOCENTS, (i itutii or luctviu.) "Jfoir bosk jc, bosk tp, my MInirtcreSj For oh, bat the white-bait's fine; And the loaves and fishes ye love so well, Are spread for you to dine. " It's hot, hot, is the Commons' House, And it's slow, slow, is the Lords'; And it's time, 1 weet, we had something to eat, More solid than our words. " What Bills we might, we have made all right; What Bills we might not, are sped; We mast drink ' good luck' to the living, And' good rest' to the dead." Oh,» gamesome Lord is Lord Palmerslon, On the steamer, amongst his feres; Like a boy out of school, a-playing the fool, With his s<.cly Miuistercs. He cracked his joke for the nuisance of smoke, " Think of smoke put down by me He shot his <jcip at the big, big sbip— " It's like my Ministric. " For a part may go down, and the passengets drown, . But the other parts will swim! Say, is it not so, Betbeli, Cowpcr, and Lowe?" ' And, I trow, hut they looked grim 1 So with joke and jeer, at Blackwall Pier, ■ They liave landed, one and all; And with appetites rare, to their dainty fare, The Mioisteres they fall. And first they ate of the brown fish, . And syne they ate of the white, And the pnnch did flow, and the cool Clicquot, And the <Eil dc Pcrdrix so bright. Till even Fred Peel, from bead to heel. Felt bis red-tape girths grow slack. And with mirth demure he hugged Panmure, And clapped Cockbnm on the back. The board it was cleared, dessert appeared, The waiters were bade to go. Of the thing that passed when the doors were fast, 1 speak but what I know. "How a health, a health, my Ministeres, To the Session that is o'er: Ye'U pledge me a cop to Whiteside; Yell pledge me a cup to Moore! " What oils ye, Lord Stanley of Alderley ? Why blench ye, my jovial Lowe? Why look ye so pale. Sir Benjamin ? And Cowpcr, why shake je so?" '* How nay, now nay, my Lord Palmereton," Sir Richard Bethell he said: "I trow 'twere best to hold your jest: Tis ill-jesting with the dead. " Look over your shonlders, every one, And see what*s standing there I" Then every guest beheld aghast, A grim thing at his chair. There was never a guest bat bad bis ghost. His ghost, and some had three; And by Palmerston's chair was gathered there Of ghosts a companic! Bach bleeding sore from a ghastly wound, And gaping with blue ips chill: In paper 6hrands wide, with the red tape tied— Eaob, the ghost of a little Bill! Agbicclxubal Statistics1 ghost Stood at Loid Stanley's knee; And two ghosts of small Poob-Law Ameedhehis By the chair of Bonverie. Straight to his feet Robert Lowe he sprang, And lea i some his ryes did roll, For ever, he said, in nls brain there rang The sonnd of a passing toll I And the ghost of a slaughtered Pabiheeskip Bill, At his ear made a gibbering wail; - While Appellate Jceisdictiokjs ghost, Like a Nemesis hovering pale. On Bethcll's back, gave a grisly crack, In the form of Lord Wensteydale 1 Testamestaet Jiibisi>ictioh*s ghost Y-elad in a Proctor's gown, Betwixt the Attorney-General And Solicitor sat him down. The Public Health Bill's ghost, all white, Sat on Cowper*s back astride. And Dr. -tenner's outraged sprite Shook a lancet at his side 1 And the guests were still, as small voices shrill To a wailing chorus grew, " Look each on the ghost of the Bill he lost, And under the table threw!" "How dare ye sit, ye Ministeres, And eat of the white, white bait ? How dare ye dine, and drink of the wine. For thinking of oar fate ? " We innocents, that into life Bach in his office nurst; Oh, happy those, who died in long-clolhea. Whose last reading was their first! Who ne'tr lived to be racked, and hewed, and hacked. In the Commons' House accurst! " May our blood rise np on your hust ings, As it imbrues jour souls : Even as it lies upon your heads, May it weigh upon your polls." Like a warning knell their voices fell: They vanished: the gnests sat still: Silently Palmereton rang the bell. Silently paid the bill. SUcntly from the room they passed, Silently home were borne; And sadder, if not wiser men, They rose the morrow morn ! -A QUEER YOUNG PERSON. A lady's m*id has hitherto been considered of the feminine gender; bnt the following advertisement affords a specimen of one who appears to be neater:— " As 'ady's maid, a young person who understands all its branches, and is used to travelling." If it is the lady's maid, what are its branches ? Sorely they most resemble the limbs of a tree. QUESTIONABLE HEROES. If Lord Cardigan is a hero, then we have a right to ash a question about an equally celebrated tailor, who was not flogged in the Crimea. We wish respectfully to know "If Smith is a hero?" STRAY SHOT. There is no adhesive label like a nickname! Waiting for dead men's shoes is, in most measures, a bootless affair! Ladies generally shop in couples. When a lady has any money to spend, she dearly loves taking a friend with her to see her spend it * The number of poor poets is, if .anything, greater than the number of poets who are poor! Bad words, like bad shillings, are often brought home to the person who has uttered them! Life, we are told, is a journey; and to see the way in which some people eat, yon would imagine they were taking in provisions to last them the whole length of the journey! A PINE OPENING POR A NICE YOUNG SWINDLER. A juvenile spendthrift, who had spent all his money, and more than that, had covered himself with bills end dishonour, upon being asked what he shoald do, coolly made answer," I have hat two remedies left open to me —either to go to Sweden, or else get into Parliament." AN ADMIRALTY AMENITY. Bernal Osbome says, " It's my belief that Fred Feel would have invented red- tape, supposing there had been none in the world, previons to his taking office." PROVERBIAL PHILOSOPHY. A new novel has been published under the title of an old saying—" Never too late to mend." This time-ho soured maxim is to be received with a qualification. It may hold good of our spiritual being, but, unfortunately, it does not apply to the sole of our boot. THE CLERK'S PETITION. Pity the soitowb of a poor Did clerk, Whose trembling limbs have home him to your door. Whose eyes are gone, his hands too weak to work, Give mm a fair allowance and no more. No'silver spoon my infant mouth enclosed, No titled mother hung above my cot. No lordly godfather his name imposed, No interest at head-quarters smoothed my lot. Within yon pile for fifty years I sate, From ten till font the clerkly pen to ply, While luckier sabs passed o'er my grizzled pate, And filled the berths denied to such as L Tear after year, ent of my pittance smsll They made deductions that I ill could spare: Upon the plea that when old age should fall, I might thereby claim a subsistence bare. The Treasury hard masters seemed to be, And tp the Housewith hopeful hear la we came. Deeming with kindlier eye our case 'twonld see, And lend more literal hearing to oar claim. Tain hope,- alas!—the measure yon propose Bat serves to make our hard lot harder still; Leave as untouched: well bear our present woes, Bnt save us from the Civil Service Bill. Less sore the Treasury's hard measures press . Than the stern mercies Parliament extends. To John Bull's self we'll go in the recess, And next year's Bill for this shall make amends. A HOST DIFFICULT PROBLEM. Given—A lady's head, as the centre of her dress. To Find—The circumference of it. A PEN AND INK PARLIAMENT. During the dog-days most people are lazy dogs. Everybody is yawning in the faee of everybody else. The very clergyman yawns in his pulpit, and his con negation yawn more than usually. All subjects lose their interest except money, and even upon that conver sation flags. The House of Commons, in particular, sinks into a state of most disgusting apathy. It drops measures of the gravest importance as an old gentleman, nodding alter dinner, lets fall his Review. The destruction of these highly desirable and almost necessary Bills, we playfully and good-naturedly denominate the Massacre of the Innocents—as if it were something fanny. The House ought to get its business over before the dog-days. It docs not, for want of time. This want of time is occasioned by waste of time in debate, which is not merely prolix apd redundant, bnt unnecessary. Oral debate is really altogether unnecessary. We all know that no one member is ever convinced by the speech of another. He has made his mind up before hand on the question, whatever it may be, and the speech has no effect on him. It is meant for the news papers ivqd the country. Then why go through the tedious formality of reciting it ? Would not the simple publication of it answer its whole purpose? We pro pose that the bore of Parliamentary speaking should be abated; and that debates should, fin the future, be conducted in.writing. Thus a great saving of time would be effected. No debate could occupy more than two nights. On the first night "every member could write what he had" to esy on the question before the House. On the next night the members could answer each other. This arrangement would be attended with the obvious advantage that all the members conld be writingat the same tune; whereas it is impossible for a number of meeple to talk at once; so as to be understood; although that impossibility is not perceived by all disputants. The House; according to the plan proposed, would meet merely for the purpose of voting, and of creating opportunities for asking questions of Government, and receiving Ministerial statements. Members would thus still be enabled to indulge in talk, and quite talk enough. To carry out this suggestion, nothing more would be necessary than to establish a Parliamentary gazette, for the publication of the debates, to be sold cheap. The newspapers would thus no longer be under the necessity of publishing the dreary columns of prose, inconse quence, stupidity, twaddle, and hnmbng, which consti tute so much or the reported utterance of our " collective wisdom," GOOD NEWS FOE THE ABMY. Gallant Cambridge becoming Commnuder-in-CIlicfj To the mind of the soldier how great a relief! For the Dnk-. is expected no nonsense to stand, And let nobody over his shoulders command. The defendereof Britain a strong hope express That no tricks will henceforward he plaved with their dress. * Yes, the heroes who, save in advance, never ran. Trust no more to be rigged ont like figures of fun. Light Dragwms' polka-jacketa they now tear not will Be Vaudykcd at the hem. or adorned with a trill. What a comfort to both light and heavy Dragoons Not to dread being dress'dln the garb of buffoons ! No more danger ofbells and a pair of long ears To their caps being fixed tor our hold Grenadiers. Of a cavalry skirted like tall turkey-cocks, Or on in&ntry; marching in little boy's Docks. A more eoldieriv'taste will on uniforms tell, The connection is close of the taste with the smell. Now the perfume of powder to Cambridge Is known: He'll thank those who don't know it to let him alone. 