MASKS IN THE WORLD. Well spoke the great phylosopher, "The heart knoweth his own bitterness." Some time ago we passed along a street , one of the shops in which had this sign — "Mask-Maker, Masks of auy size or pattern made to order on the shortest notice," Of course our old habit of moralising came upon us. " Mask- Maker." Exactly. " Mask- Maker." Yes, there it is ; there is no mistake about it. If we were in the " commercial line," we would ask, "Does it pay? Does it answer the manufacturer's purpose ?" But as this is not our line and as we wish to economise time and talent, we ask — Is it not superfluous to announce publioly a special business of this kind ? What has ''J. Brown," the proprietor of the mask manufac tory, to communicate in the shape of contortions wrinkles, deformities, squints, and facial cari catures of the Divine Maker's handiwork, which the genius of hypocrisy, or the ingenuity of sor row, has not in vented already ? "Masks!" why, out of every twenty persons you meet are not fifteen masked ? There is the sedate-looking gentleman with white cravat and spotless linen. His careful wife, anxious that his appearance should not betray the poverty at home, or injure her re putation for neatness and frugality, hos done all that female hands can do to give him the appearance of clerical respectability among his co-presbyters. But bis heart is sad, and his mind is bewildered with apprehensions of dis aster. The man wears a mask. There is the active citizen, nimbly stepping on the pavement, with a smile of recognition to every brother merchant he meets. You pass him in the crowded thoroughfare, and mentally place him in the category of prosperous men, whose smoking dinners are paid beforehand, and whose balance in Lombard- street suggests the propriety of retirement to Tunbridge Wells or Brighton. Poor man ! the ghosts ot dishon oured bills are forcing the' cold perspiration through his temples, and accelerating that nim ble step which called forth your envy. The man wears a mask. There is the haudsome youth in the highest style of dress, with diamond pin, kid gloves and ivory-handled cane, pacing Regent-street with incomparable dignity, and using his eye glass with inimitable grace. Yon enrol him among the scions of 3ome lordly house, or at least he is a fortunate official in one of the government offices in Whitehall. Alas ! were the truth known, your exquisite would turn out a disappointed applicant for 6ome wretched clerkship of forty pounds a year, whom the cold blooded head of thefirm had turned to the door, on account of the abominable musk of which the silly creature was redolent. The pin, the gloves, the cane, and the scent were the pro ducts of a self-denying mother's care, in the fond faith that her son would turn out a man. Poor thing ! it wears a mask. There is the elegant carriage, with its accom paniments of livery aud lap-dogs, dashing through the park. Smiles and beauty recline at the left, Moustaches and dignity occupy the right. Y ou think of your own insignificance and dream of the happy home, even of the ser vants of the lady and lord in the; carriage, ohort-sighted mortal ! If yon would ask that beetle-browed Jew about the elegant equipage, he would say, in the words of one of iilisha's students, " Alas, master ! it was borrowed." Each of the goodly couple wears a goodly mask. There iB the young tradesman just beginning business. Everything Eeems prosperous and promising. Porters crowd his door, liveried servants run out and in, and his vans roll the streets heavily laden with merchandise. He has begun on borrowed capital, and in six months he will figure in the gazette. The man wears a mask. There is the street tumbler, cracking merry jokes, and causing all who see him to join io his exuberant mirth. Poor fellow ! he has tried everything to save a dying wife and a starving child in his wretched longings. ThiB is his la-t shift. If he succeed not now, he must crawl to the bated workhouse. The man wears a mask. There is the clergyman, with ample gown and snow-white hands, reading in sonorous tonesa the dry and pointless homily " which he never wrote," and to which the congregatioh listen with the patienee ofmartyrs, secretly re joicing that twenty minutes will terminate their sufferings. To a man, they know that Dr. Fumble wears a mask. And there is the quack preacher, who gathers gaping crowds to witness his pious buffoonery, which he cooly ascribes to zeal for the salvation of souls, or blasphemously traces to a divine afflatus, carrying him beyond the limits of min isterial earnestness in " the work to which he has been called." The holy empiric wears an impudent mask. Ye ministers of providence and guardians of humanity ! — whatever ye may do with the rest, tear the masks from the faces of the last-named two, for they are the enemies of troth and the manufacturers of a mocking infidelity. Doctor Fumble and his class are the dry rot in the church as established by law, and Mr. Bubble and bis class are the blight of the church as established by liberty. Both churches are needed by the nation, and half a dozen more if we could get them, to work up the raw ma terial of humanity into something like civili sation, life, and beauty ; but the Fumbles and the Bubbles should be induced, if possible, to turn their attention to some useful pursuit — he former, say. to that of street orderlies, and the latter to that of hotel touters. It is a pity that we have not 6ome national arrangement, bv which the genius of every man shall find its proper sphere, without the clashing, the eccen. tricity, and confusion that too often take place under the liberty which we have carried to such absurd lengths 1 English Gold and Silver. — Sir Hugh Myddle- lon, whose name is associated with the NewRiver, gained much of his money by the silver mines of Merionethshire, which were leased to him in the reign of James the First. In the reign of Wil liam the Third, Boyle obtained several acts modi fying the former edicts relating to mines, and to the refining of metals, and the extraction of gold and silver from them. The reign of Queen Anne was rife with joint-stock companies and specula tions; and some of the prospectuses, with their alluring calculations, would do credit to our own railway days. In the reigns of the; two first Georges there was a mania for silver mining. In the reign of George the Third the gold mines in Wicklow were discovered; and a general impres sion of abundance of gold prevailed; but the workings were not profitable, the excitement sab- sided, and the gold was forgotten. In 1825 there was a mania for foreign mining, which was unpro fitable and disastrous to the speculators, and the very name of gold mine became synonymous with ruin. Since 1830, however, gold- working in Eng land has been resumed with some partial activity; the gold localities have been ascertained over a considerable district, and have been formally ac- bnovfledged by the Ordnance surveyors; so the sanguine may still hope that the old popular mi nerstitinn of London streets being paved with jjold may yet be realised.— Dickens't Household 