(', REVIEW. ] Slav Proverbial Philosophy (of " MARTIN FARQUHAR Torrens. ( IT is an unmistakable evidence of the improvement of the age we live in that this book is received with so much approbation, and so general acceptance for it is not an idle toy, devoted to idle hours ; but a work of deep medi- tation, earnestly addressed to every student whose hopes and longings are of the elevated and ardent order. Much of it is avowedly derived from those mysterious fountains of wisdom which burst from the hidden caves on the hill, sides of the Holy Land. Much of it is ascribed to the harp of Sirach's son, who " did imitate Solomon, and from their stores of holy wisdom, from their crypts, and asks of cedar, OTTO Two "preferring, our modern sage has drawn his concise and sententious common sayings about common things, directed in the fellowship of the faith to the multitude of the faithful, who now are become a goodly number, and-rejoice in a NAME for which they blush no longer. This is the improvement of the age we live in, to which we have referred and considering the wonderful progress of secular discovery which daily pushes its footsteps in every direction, it is a subject for everlasting thankful- ness; as well as joy and admiration, that a deliberate religion not only keeps pace with the speculative triumphs of our contemporaries, but in the great mental procession advances more frequently in the very front, than it permits, itself, part passes, to march abreast with them. Assuredly the numerous editions of the Proverbial Philosophy bear witness to the frame of mind which we have indicated, and hail and honour with unaffected pleasure. It is a circumstance equally worthy of remark, that there is a version of the book into a foreign language, executed in the spirit of excellence which adorns the. original and to complete the marvel, it is the; French tongue which has been chosen to extend its influence and popularity and so we and our new-made friends, our generous rivals, our once formidable and detested enemies, awaking to a conviction of religion, and willing to share with us our sacred philosophy. In French and English, therefore, there are channels of communication opened on which it may float unchecked to all the quarters of the world, and to us the remotest and latest-born dwellers on the earth. And that all may use it to their delight and profit, we undertake to recommend it to every one who derives solace and instruction from wise and sagacious books, and makes them the companions of his solitude or the refreshment of the soul harassed with the turmoil of a busy life. Our author has enumerated, in his closing chapter, called The End, the subjects that have engaged his attention, speaking Of high, and deep, and famous things, of evil or of good. I have told of Errors near akin to Truth, and whole 'actes linked with poison ; Of subtle Uses in the humblest, and deep-laid plots of ' Pride : I have praised Wisdom, comforted they Hope, and < proved to thee the folly of complaining stated at the head of an Influence and turned thee from the terrors of Ambition. I have shewn thee thy captivity to. law; yet bade 1 there hide Humilities : I have lifted the curtains of Memory and smoothed ? the soft pillow of Rest. Experience had his sober hour and Character its keen appreciation; And Holy' Anger stood sublime, where Hatred fell -condemned. Prayer'spake the mind of God, even in His own good , words: And Zeal, with Kindness warmly mixt, allied him to Discretion. 2 , I taught thee that nothing is a Trifle-even to the laugh of Recreation ; I led thee with the train of Religion, to be dazzled at the name of the TRIUNE. Thought confessed his unseen fears and Speech de ;. dared his triumphs. I sang the blessedness of books, and commended, the prudence of a letter ; Riches found their room, either unto honour-or det ; pining : Inventions took their lower place for all things come of God. I scorned Ridicule ; nor would humble me for Praise ; s for I had gained self-knowledge, And pleaded fervently for Brutes, who suffer for man's ; sin. Then, I rose to Friendship, and bathed in all the ten . ' derness of Love ; Knew-the purity of Marriage, and blessed the face of Children. And whereas, by petulance or pride-I had happy . 'handsome evil Mine afterthought was Tolerance, to bear the faults : of all: Many faults, ill to bear, bred the theme of Sorrow ; Many virtues, dear to see induced the gush of Joy. Such is the staple of M. F. Tupper'sbook,as he himself enumerates the topics successively discoursed of. Such is the " staff of the con- science" recommended to his pensive, decide, and [confiding reader, to be meditated on, and treasured up among the stores of his best thoughts. It is furthermore a specimen of the style and composition he has invented, to con- ley, we presume, the air and impress of a translation from the Hebrew according to the words of the " Prologue to ECCLESIASTICUS, made by an uncertain author;" to the effect that the 44 same things uttered in Hebrew, and translated into another tongue have not the same" metre in them."' _ ^ Accordingly, after much consideration, we have argued ourselves into the belief that real ( metre is not here intended by Mr. Tupper, even though he would have us call his outpouring the " full chords of revelation," " the still melodies of thought," and the " humbler strains," Sec. ; " and we are constrained to accept of English prose as it was once marshalled in our time-honoured version of the Psalms and Proverbs, wherein stanza was rendered by stanza, and line by line, as best conveying the mind and manner of David and Solomon, the sweet singers of Israel. Taken in this view, the effect is rich and harmonious, squaring well with the intended elevation and the copious dignity of the things to be discussed. There is, nevertheless, a rhythm which serves to give emphasis to the proverbs thus enunciated, abundantly compensating for the absence of mere numerical regularity, or the coupling of verses with words of similar sound. In this freedom from certain shackles to which we have been accustomed, the reader soon finds reason to rejoice : the mind is amply occupied so intensely so, that it needs no allurement in the tinkling rhyme, and soon learns to prefer the license thus cleverly adopted to the old, but, in this case, undesirable constraints and limitations. There is a further peculiarity in this, that each line is made to commence with a capital, and each section or chapter is headed with a black letter, consisting of an indefinite number of parables, couched in separate lines, varying from a dozen to a score, at pleasure. The adoption of the scriptural style appears to be in strict keeping with the character of the books, which abounds in words of an antiquated order, and a phraseology saturated with archaisms becoming Shakespere, or Jonson, or Jeremy Taylor, or old Burton, Fuller, or Sir Thomas Brown. Here is an example The praise of holy men is a promise of praise from us their Master ; , A fore-running eatneH of thy welcome Well done, faithful sen tent 3 A rich productions note, that dropped softly on thine j ear, j To tell thee the chords of the heart, are in tune with the choirs of heaven. We could select many specimens of the proverbial style, the first excellence of which is brevity, in which the discriminating sentiment should be expressed in a few words, not exceeding ten or twelve at the most, otherwise it is no longer a proverb, but a declamation. Solomon has, in a single example, explained the principal beauties of this form of composition, adding to a complete definition of a proverb a very happy specimen of what he describes.: Apples of gold in a net-work of silver _ Is a word seasonably spoken. Thus intimating that profound sentiments are to be clothed in a smooth and well-turned phraseology, as fruit, beautiful in form and exquisite in colour looks more enticing amidst the reticulations of a silver vessel exquisitely modelled by the hands of a Cellini, or through the glancing splendours of a crystal vase. A further lesson is given that truth derives additional grace when veiled, yet revealed, in the imagery of elegant fiction : Leetorem delectable, pariterque moment. The wise king and the Roman poet have given the law to all proverbial philosophy, and have also concurred in illustrating, by spirited passages, the thing to be done, and the manner of doing it. For Solomon declares he sought to find out acceptable words, words of truth, truly proposed. And Horace teaches us . Quicquid principles, esto brevis at city dicta Perclpisnt animal dociles, teneantque adele. How nobly the Psalmist David quotes a pro- verb may be seen in Samuel, xxiv., 12, where he rebukes the monarch of Israel more royally than a king The LORD judge between me and thee, and the LORD avenge me of thee : but mine hand shall not be upon thee. As saith the proverb of the ancients : WICKEDNESS I'HOCBEDETK FROM THE WICKED : but mine hand shall not be upon thee. And finally we have two brief sayings, two short proverbs from the lips of the Divine Teacher, to introduce which, we feel assured, will require no pardon from our readers. The one quoted only by the physician St. Luke : PHYSICIAN, HEAT, THYSELF ! The other rehearsed only by St. John ONE ROWETT, AND ANOTHER "B_T>_TH. We shall now exhibit a sample or two of the wisdom and taste bountifully lavished in the pages of Martin Farquhar Tupper's book, the daily use of which, like the periodical study of the Bible, may be safely recommended as well to the meditative student as to the mature scholar, with this brief caution only one quid mines. The extract is from YESTERDAY, and thus it teaches us : - Come, let me show thee an example, where Nature shall instruct us ; Luxuriantly the arguments for truth spring native In her gardens. Seek we yonder woodman of the plain ; he is measur- ing his axe to the elm, And anon the sturdy strokes ring upon the wintry air: Eagerly the village school-boys cluster on the tightened rope, Shouting, and bending to the pull or lifted from the ground classic The huge tree showeth like Sisera, soweth to its foes with faintness, Ita sinews crack deep groans declare the reeling anguish of Goliath, The wedge is driven home, and the saw is at its heart, and lo, with solemn slowness, The shuddering monarch rises from his throne, toppled with a crash, and is fallen ! Now, shall the mangled stump teach proud man a lesson : Now, can we from that elm trees sap distil the wine of Truth. Heed ye those hundred rings, concentric from the core, Eddying in various waves to the red-back shore-like These be the gatherings of yesterday, present all to-day, This is the tree's judgment, self-history that cannot be gainsaid : Seven years ago there was a drought, and the seventh ting is narrowed The fifth from hence was half a deluge, the fifth is cellular and broad. Thus, man, thou art a result, the growth of many yes- terdays, That stamp thy secret soul with marks of weal or woe : Thou art an almanac of self, the living record of thy deeds ; spirit hath its sears, as well as body, sore and aching in their season ; Here is a knot it was a crime ; there is a canker, selfishness ; Lo, here, the heart-wood rotten ; lo, there, perchance, the sapwood sound. Nature teaches not in vain ; thy works are in thee, of thee; Some present evil bent hath grown of older errors is And what if thou be walking now uprightly ? Salve not thy wounds with poison. As if a petty goodness of to-day both blotted out the sin of yesterday : It is well : thou hast life and light and the Hewer sheweth mercy, I Dressing the root, pruning the branch, and looking for thy tardy fruit ; But, even here, as thou standest, cheerful be like and careless, The stains of ancient evil are upon thee, the record of thy wrong is in thee ; For a curse of many yesterday is thine, many yester- days of sin, That happy, little heeded now, shall bless thy many sorrows. We have given this extract to testify to the power and truth, the wisdom and taste displayed in the volume ; but, we must profess that, as we transcribed it a grow- ing sense of awe came over us, which we hope our readers will share in. Then will they gladly turn to the sequel of "YESTERDAY," which, in three most fitting sections, completes the condition of fallen man, and SHADOWS FORTH. HIS RANSOM. Here, reader, we should have closed our remarks on the Proverbial Philosophy which, strange to say, has not provoked a single cen- sure ; but our study has been invaded, though suddenly, yet very pleasantly, by one who has laid upon us an injunction to present another extract to the reader's attention We should have anticipated from that gentle temperament a passage redolent of joy and beauty ; but this is astonishing in its terror. Naples sitteth by the sea, keystone of an arch of azure, Crowned by consenting nations peerless queen of gaiety : She laughed at the wrath of ocean, she mocked the fury of Vesuvius, She spurned disease, and misery, and famine, that crowd her sunny streets The giddy dance, the merry song, the festal glad procession, The noonday eluTiber, and the midnight serenade ; all these make up her life : Her life? and what her death ? Look we to the end of life, Solon, and Tellus the Athenian, wisely have ye pointed to the grave, ' For behold yon dreary precinct those hundreds of stone wells, t_ We are not sure that we have unravel the meaning of this Une. 4 There are three-hundred and sixty-five pity In this place (the public o burial ground of Naples), ODO of blob. is opened every day for the dead of the city. They are thrown in without bread or rooms, and the pit is sealed up at night for a year. And they are flung Into this not some pit, like coast, the greater part of the population of this Tout city, the young and old, the vicious and the virtuous together, without the decency even of II rag to keep up the dieticians of life ! Can human beings thus be thrown away t men like ourselves, women, children. Ilka our sisters and brothers. never was so humiliated in my life as by a thin horrid spectacle. I did not think a man-a felon even, or a I leper-What yea will that is guilty or debased-I did not think anything that had been human could be so recklessly -bandana!.. Pah I It makes one idea at hear. I God grant I may never die at Naples- Pints. a rule, this would seem to spoil the proverb Ted fare, pot eggs, ~ j A pit for a day,- day for a pit,-eTpit to be sealed for a year, And in the gloom of night, they miss the year-closed lid, Look in, Yor gnawing Time both half-consumed the carcasses ; Thus they hurl the daily dead into that horrible pit. The dead that only died this dayes unconsidered offer! There, a stark white heap, unwept, unloved, uncared for, Old men and maidens, young men and infants, mingle in hideous corruption ; Fling in the gnawing harnessed up the channel for a For lo, a morrow's dawn hath tinged the mountain's summit. O fair fair city, the gay and gilded chariot, Woe, for thy wanton heart, woe for thy wicked hard Woe unto thee, that the lightsome ess of life, beneath Italian sons, Should meet the solemnity of Death, in a sepulchre so foul and fearful. For that, even to the best, the wise and pure and pious, Death, repulsive king, thine iron rule is terrible : Yes, and even at the beat in company of buried kindred, With howing rites, and friendly tears, and the dear old country church, Death, cold and lonely, thy frigid face is hateful, The bravest look on thee with dread the humblest burst thy coming. Still, ye unwise among mankind, your foolishness hath added fears The crowded cemetery, the catacomb of bones, the pestilential vault. With fancy's gliding ghost at eve, her moans and flaky footfall. And the gibbering train of terror to fright your coward hearts. We speak not here of sin, nor the phantoms of a bloody conscience, *? Nor of solaces, and merciful pardon : we heed but the inevitable grave The grave, that wage of guilt that due return to dust, The grave, that goal of earth, and starting post for Heaven. Plant It with laurels, sprinkle it with lilies set it upon yonder dewy hill. Midst holy prayers, and generous griefs, and consecrating blessings ; Let Sophocles sleep among his ivy, green perennial garlands. Let olives shade their Virgil, and roses bloom above Corinne ; To his foster-mother Ocean, entrust the mariner in hope The Warrior's spirit-let it rise on high from the flaming fragrant pyre. But heap not coffins and corruption to infest the mass of living, Nor steal from odious realities the charitable poetry of Death : It is wise to gild uuoomelinees-it is wise to mask necessity It is wise from cheerful sights and sounds to draw their gentle uses : Hide the facts, the bitter facts, the foul and fearful facts; Tend the body well in hope, this were praise and wisdom : But to plunge in gloom the parting soul that hath loved its clay tenement so long, This were vanity and folly, the counter of moroseness and despair. Not thus the Scythian of old time welcomed Death with songs ; Not thus, the shrewd Egyptian decorated Death with braveries ; Not thus on his funeral tower, sleepeth the sun wor- shipping Parsee ; Not thus, the Moslem Saint lieth in his arabesque mausoleum ; Not thus the wild red Indian hunter of the far Missouri, In flowering trees hath nested up his forest-loving ancestry ; Not thus, the Switzer mountaineer scattered ribboned garlands About the rustic cross that hallowed, the bed of his beloved ; Not thus, the village maiden wished she may die in spring, With store of violets and cowslips to be sprinkled on her snow-white shroud ; Not thus, the dying poet maketh a cheerful grave, Lay him in the sunshine, friends, nor sorrow that a Christian hath departed ! 