POLICE COURTS. Angaston: Monday, May 5. Without a Home - Henrietta Bailey pleaded guilty to the charge of being found about the streets unable to give a satisfactory account of herself. She said she had no place to go to— that she had lost her place of service in the country, the Magistrate directed her to apply to the Destitute Board for relief, and cautioned her against wandering about the streets at unseasonable hours. Unsustained Charge of Theft - William Lattice was charged on suspicion with stealing, from the person of Bridget Kearney a £50 note and three sovereigns; at the Port, on Sunday last. Prosecutrix stated that the prisoner occupied a seat in the railway carriage she rode in going down to the Port on Sunday afternoon, about 4 o'clock. She had a £50 Bank note, the number of which she believed was 0377. She had besides three sovereigns, and was certain she, had the whole safe when she left the train at the Port. About a quarter of an hour afterwards, as she was about to take bet seat to return to Adelaide, she missed the money. As she went to get her ticket she was surrounded by a great many persons, but did not see the prisoner there. She gave the alarm, and the police searched but did not find the money. Mr M. B. Andrews cross-examined the prosecutrix, who stated that there were nine persons in the carriage altogether, and that she loft the carriage, having the money in her possession, before the prisoner. The suspicion against the prisoner was excited chiefly because the money found upon him corresponded with a similar amount of silver money which she had in her purse at the time it was taken away. By the Court — The money was in a.pocket on the right side of her dress, and there were two females present in Court, sitting one on each -side of her.- Bridget Neil, a young girl living in service in King William- street, was at the Bailway Station with the prosecutrix and tho prisoner. The former got iuto the crowd and went into the office for tickets. There were a thousand people or more; : wit ness was nearly ' kilt' herself. When the: prose-, cutrix came out of the office she said, 'My £50 note is gone.' By the Court— The prisoner came into the carriage with them.' He sat opposite to witness and prosecutrix. Saw the prisoner pass his hand down the prosecntrix's clothes on her pocket side. That was as they were going down to the Port. He caught her frock like— her dress— her pocket side. He, was sitting on the right hand side. Did not mean to say before that' he was sitting opposite. (Laughter.) He was opposite. (Repeated laughter.) Well, to be sure, I will tell you if I can. He was sitting by her side, and I was on her other side. By Mr. Andrews— Ladies always wear their pockets on the right hand side, unless there is a new fashion. come up, I wear mine on the right side. It opens from behind, and no man could put his hand into it from before me. Ladies' pockets generally open from behind. I did not see him put his hand in the pocket; he only seemed to be feel» ing her dress. He had been playing with her parasol before. He was joking with her. Their knees were close toge ther all the while. What made him touch her dress was that he droppod the parasol. It fell by her, and he stooped to pick it np. As he drew it up again he touched her dress. That was five or six minute3 before they got to the Port, and when they got there she said she felt her note all safe. Mary Edmunds, a girl of fourteen, said she went to the Port with Miss Kearney. The. prisoner came into the carriage after them, with three women. He sat opposite to Miss Kearney, and took her parasol from her. He dropped it, and as he picked it up began pulling her dress about. He was sitting next to Miss Neil. When they got to the Port Miss Kearney went into the office for tickets, and was away about a quarter of an hour. There were lots of people round her. Mr. R. B. Andrews submitted that there was no case to justify a commitment. His Worship agreed. The whole of the evidence referred to the journey down to tho Port, and the prosecutrix admitted that on her arrival there her money was all safe. The prosecutrix, being recalled, said she could not possibly swear to tho money pro duced; she could only say that the amount was the same. Mr. R. B. Andrews mentioned that the prisoner was an old and respectable man, a master blacksmith, and perfectly well known in Adelaide. His Worship said he did not doubt it; there was really no evidence against him. The prosecutrix, again addressing the Bench, said she rather suspected another man who was with her in the carriage. The case was dismissed. . Rbsiabcaode Chauge of Theft.— Beaumont Mon tague was brought up on remand, charged with stealing a handkerchief, bnt the prosecutor did not appear. He was sent back.to gaol to await tbc sittings of the Cri minal. Court, 'having already been committed for the robbery at the Company's Mill; as also for attempting to obtain goods under false pretmegs. ? A Dreadfcl Disturbance. — John Walth was charged with a felonious assault upon Catherine Driscoll. The prosecutor stated that her husband was at the Dry Creek Sto.-kade, and that she had been living with the prisoner for the last ten months. On Thursday or Fri day afternoon, shs could not say -which, they had some wonlsiibout another woman whom ho had. brought into the house; arid Kb struck her most severely over the head, neck, and body, using an a:c and a broom-handle as his weapons. The evidence of the! police was to the effect that the woman wa3 very drunk at the time, but her face showed sufficiently the violence to which she had been subjected. The case was adjourned to Wed nesday. ? ' : ; . AsSAOti vsds A. Constable.— John WaUh. was airain placed at the bar, and charged, in company with Mar garet Kelly, with a felonious assault upon John Beutley, a trooper in theMounted Police. The prosecutor, whose' appearance attested the roughness of his usage, deposed that on Saturday evening he was out on duty, and went to Mrs. Driscoll's house, in Browu-street, to gain further evidence. Saw the male prisoner, and asked him if Mrs. Driscoll were at home. Ho asked .what he .wanted of her, and whether he had. come from the Creek. Beplicd in the affirmative. Walsh said she was not at home then, but would be in directly, and asked him to come inside. Margaret Kelly and three or filar other women were there.' Walsh soon began to abuse him, squaring up to him, and calling him- a trap, with several insulting epithets. Told him to be careful and not to strike him, as he was a police- constable on duty. . Produced a life preserver, and endeavoured to get out of the place, but the woman would not let him go. Raised his lifepre server, and at that moment the prisoner Kelly went behind him. Was looking round at her, and Walsh struck him a violent blow in the face. Kelly caught him by tho hair and held his head back. She wrenched the life-preserver from his hand, and threatened to kill him. Sho struck him a blow with it on the side of his head, which penetrated to the bone. They then got him down en the grounii, and struck him several blows. Conld not speak to each blow; but could swear that one of them was fro nUuHiiiml of Walsh. It was on. the otlurside of his head, and it laid open the bone. The women cried out with oaths, ' Kill the trap'/' Walsh answered 'I will.' and struck at him a?ain. Could remember no moire, but knew he got out somehow, and returned to the barracks in a very weak state. By the prisoner Walsh No disagreement had arisen between us about a woman. I did not strike you first. I struck you afterwards in' self defence. Scrgcant-Major Hall deposed that he went to Sirs, Dilsooll's home on Sunday, in company with Bcntley, who identified Walsh and Kelly. Took them into custody: Found Bentley's cap and life-preserver upon a shelf in' the tack rqom. Walsh said he took the latter from the girl Kelly* Had eome difficulty in getting Walsh to the Station. He wis f cry violent, and used most insulting language. The prisoners were remanded to Wednesday. CmuGE of Rape. — John Knox, grocer, Rundle-streot, was charged with a rape upon Margaret Doyle, a young girl who had been living in his service. Ho was defended by Mr. U. B. Andrews. The prosecutrix stated that on Friday evening she was .engaged in the kitchen in bottling beer, when her master came down and took her by both shoulder's. She desired him to desist, but he persisted, and effected his purpose. In the course of her examination she fainted, and was carried oat of Court. Mary Lujrg, wife of James Nicholas LuggV upholsterer, Bont-strcct, had known the prosscutrix from about. No vember last. On Saturday mornm-,' she said something' about Mr. Knox, to which witness did not pay much attention. She came into the parlour about S o'clock. Was rether astonished, as s'.c had seen her very ill- the night before at Mr. Knox's. Had business at tlie shop on Friday evening, and sa-.v the prosceutrix over the bannisters leading to the kitchen. Saw her but slightly, and she might not havo been awareof it: Whett shs called the next mornin^she took some brcaSfast. She said she'waa going to the Magistrate to make a complaint against Mr. Knox. She said that Mr. Knox had annoyed her. Could not speak to the precise words. They were to that effect. Did not understand ciactly that slie meant to charge him with rape. Believed the word she. used was that he h:id insulted her. She came again about 3 o'clock and said she had seen several gi-uderaen, who told her to attend at tho Police-office on Monday morning. She said she was in the kitchen- bottling boor when Mr. Knox earao and took her by the shoul der?. She screamed and lost her senses, for she recollected nothing more. Inferred from what she eaid that she intended to make a chargo of rape. By Mr. It. B. Andrews— The girl Doyle formerly lived with, wit ness. Sho was otfbj'ee J to a kind of spasm iu the stomach, but did not become delirious; Had no recollection, of seeing her flighty. One night she called witness andlicr husband up to turn a ghost out oHier room. She said afterwards that one of her arms had got asleep and col'l, and had been lying across her face, and so thought it was a ghost touching her. Did not discharge her on that account..- When she called on Saturday morning she said nothing about air. Knox til witness asked her where sho was going. It was between 8 and 9 o'clock. Sho said she had taken sortie tea nlready, but did not mention her having had an eg!.'; Mr. Knox sent for witne&s; between 5 and;6 o'clock on Friday evening, and asked hw to try and pacify tlic girl by speaking to her. The girl said she had Uccn bottling b'cer, but that she had not drunk any. Mr. and Mrs. Kiloi arid Master Knox were present. The girl was Kitting on a jar iu the kitchen. Spokoto hevbut slie did not answer intelligibly. 91w did not appear to recognise her at fir.'t, but afterwards she said, 'Oh, I know Mrs. Lujrg.' Did not hear she had been vomiting, but too- much colonial beer would have been very likely to have made, her do so. She saic1, ' Oh, I love Mrs, Lugg, and I want to see her.' They conld not gather anything from Her ravingn, and at length Mr. Knot sent for a policeman; He ako sent for Dr. Gossc. Witness's husband carao in about the same ticde; The1 reason the policeman 'was sent for was thSt the. girl was supposed to be a dan gerous lunatic. She Had always before that spoken in the best of terras of Mr. and Mrs. Knox. Had known Mrs. Knox for some time as a neighbour, and as a most respectable person. Did not hear the girl make any complaint to Mrs. Knox. Witness's house di J not lie in hsr way to the Police Station. She seemed in the morning as if she had recovered from the previous night's excitement. She was certainly not sane the uighi before. Did not undcrstaud till after the girl retained from the Police- Otnec that she meant to charge Mr. Kuoxwitii a ratfe. The prosecatrix being recalled, said, in mswer to Mr. R. D. Andrews, that she remem bered the ghost story. Was quite aware rioit that it was only her own arm. Drank no beer on Friday night except half a glass or so to taste it. Did not drink half a glass from each of the bottles.' Waa made sick by the fright she got. Her mind was all turned. Had bottlod plenty or beer at Mrs. Lugg'a, but not on the night of tho gho3t. Had lived eight weeks with Mr. Knox, btlt had no cause to complain of him before. He was d tery nice man. He would occa sionally catch hold of her by the shoulders, but nothing to complain of. Thought It WM only iti play, or when ho wanted to put her out of his -Way. Slept pretty soundly on Friday night, but woke with her head being bad. ? Mrs: Knox was a very good woman, but rather hasty. Besides that/ she was very deaf, and she f witness) did not like to speak to her on such a subject. Was just coming oil1-- of the stoteroom near the kitchen when the prisoner committed ths offence; The name of the next neighbour i3 Mrs. Ball. She keeps several servants, but they' cannot hear from one kitchen to tho other The door- from the kitchen was open at the time. Screamed awfully at the time of the assault. Did not tell all about it to Mrs. Lugg; people do not like to talk of such things. Called with the intention of telling her, but cost'd riot irhkB tip her mind to do so. Had seen Mr. Knox at breakfast and eaid She would punish him. Shout* d it out loudly in the presence of all of them. The words she usc-d were, ' I will punish the old villain.' Repeated them several times. Mrs. Knox brought her some tea and said, 'Take this, Margaret, your master says if will do you good.' Replied, 'Oh yes; I'l do ? him- good— ticrer fearj. for he has done mo good.' Bolieved he had gi7cn her some thing injurious. Perhaps- Jlrs. Knox might not have heard what sho said, 'as she is. very deaf; bnt she shouted loudly enough tor any body to hear. Did not tell Mrs. Knox sho was poisoned. Wanted to punish her master, for she believed he meant to punish her ; and her character was all she had to depend upon. Wanted to clear her character; JMd not think her mas ter meant to bring her Up for stealing his beer. Mr. It. B. Audrcws said tbo whole case deperided ontirely upon the credibility of the young woman. The prisoner was a tradesman in a' hielilv resuectablc position, and thtrewas no evidence whatever to support ma state ment of tllo girl; who was evidently intoxicated on the overling in question. Even by her own admission, the doom were open, and it scetiicA most impro bable that her screams would have been un heard.'* His Worship feared |he had no alternative but to commit, as the offence was positively sworn to. No doubt the circumstances referred to by Mr. Andrews worild have their full weight with a Jury. He asked Mr. Knox if he TTished to mako any statement.. Mr. Knox said he should dectine doinj; so for the present, as anything he miirht say would be ur/snppertcd. Only one side of the story had been heard as yet. Wh-n the proper time came he should bo provided with evidence, liis Worship held him to bail to answer the charge at tbe approaching sessions, two gentlemen of good stand ing & P»und»e--street becoming sureties for his ap r»vir:mM» 