MAGAZINES FOR JULY. From Sharpe's Magazine an excellent number this month we extract the following notes about THE HAUNTED HOUSE. Miss P 's pillow was dragged from under her head one morning at daybreak, and she was found in about an hour afterwards by a servant in a swoon, and the pillow in the middle of the floor. On another occasion she was severely pinched in the arm, inso- much that the mark remained for a considerable time. One evening when the ghost was particularly trouble Borne, she was following the noise with a lighted candle, when it was suddenly extinguished, she heard distinctly the breath by which it had been blown out My aunt's third child from his birth was marked out for annoyance, and the mother was at length obliged to take the baby to sleep with her, as whenever he was left in his cradle they heard a rush to it, and something like an effort to drag the child away or smother him where he lay, or, as was sometimes the case, the ghost appeared to have flung itself into the cradle, and at such times the baby cried in the most piteous manner. This child, when able to speak, constantly declared that he saw a black man with red eyes He would scream most frightfully in the nurse's arms always when passing one particular spot on the stairs where he saw the apparition. Except by him there was rarely anything seen, but my aunt frequently told me that figures of two men have appeared to her in the twilight, and yet were quite invi . Bible to her husband, still more that she has seen them walk close by him, nay almost touch him, and he not in the least aware of it My aunt's nursery stock was once dragged under her feet, and the cloth, desk, pens, and ink swept off the table in a moment The cracking of a whip was constantly heard behind them, and the names of Margaret and Mary were often called as if from one side of the room to the other. Different members of the family declare that they have felt a cold and clammy hand laid on the forehead, while others maintain that it was more like the touch of a cold stone. On retiring for the night I heard a tapping at the bedroom door, not loud but very distinct, and on opening it and holding it so as to command a view of both sides the tapping continued, as it did likewise for some time after it was closed again ; then it moved to a part of the wall about three or four feet from the door; where it continued sufficiently long to enable me to make every examination in my power to ascertain the cause, but without success. On going to bed and extinguishing the candle, but having still a fire bright enough to enable me to distinguish the smallest object in the room, one of the posts of the bed was shaken so violently that the man who was in the room with me heard it plainly ; soon after that a pattering sound, as if of a small animal running, seemed to c me from the fireplace towards the beds, under both of which it went. I was looking at the part of the floor on which it seemed to run, and immediately with the man searched every crevice of the apartment, but could find nothing : since that time I have frequently heard noises equally inexplicable, some resembling the rolling of a great beam of timber from one square to another, then a double blow similar to that of a carpenter making a mortise, first a light then a heavy one, sometimes a sound as if a large animal was being suffocated, for instance a calf or a large dog, at other times a place of mortar from the ceiling seemed to fall and scatter on the door, and not unfrequently water, as if from a leak in the r of, appeared to be coming down drop by drop. 