THE MINING INTERESTS OF NEW SOUTH WALES. [FHOSI A CORIIESPONDENT.] ?Jlucb os has been said on this subject by difTeront persons, and at different times, still, I trust, a word or Ito from ono who lins been for some time on tho gold fields may not prove obtrusive. "Atpresent, ns affairs stand on the diggings of this colony os distinguished from those of our neighbours, thc Victorians, there- is n wide' sphere for social improvement nnd reform-moro especially ns relating to that portion of the community engaged in raining. In tho first place too great a monopoly exists; inasmuch as nny man moro fortunato than his neighbours is nllowed to hold n pieoo of ground of 400 square feet (on table land) for ovety license he takes out, -In some instances parties will take out as many as SO licenses or oven more,-this nets most injuriously on tie miners who, from previous ill luck, nro unnblo to pe; for moro than ona license, and sometimos not oven tint ; it also gives the wealthy portion of them Ihs privilege of jumping their ground. Again, thore is (tnt want of co-operation amongst tho miners them Kins in regard to the working of tho beds of rivers til creeks, and of tho flats, which are indeed nothing core than the original bcd covered by tho accumulated ¿tilt soil from the hills, which gradually drives back tho «area of tho stream in nnotlitr direction. Parties nro ia tt»Wiit of holding licensos for claims in the bod until the samo nro declared workablo by tho resi- dent commissioner. Upon a cortificato to that effect being drawn out, tho claim- holders in tho bed being meanwhile, perhaps, engaged in working a pioco ol good dry ground ; nnd thoro being no law to enforce tie working out "of tho wet claims they retain their ground by Virtuo of their licenses, refuse to assist nt the culling of a race, nnd by so doing throw tho whola of the labour upon tho shoulders of a few; making it a matter of infinitely greater difficulty to keep down the water nnd, consequently, increasing tonfold the labour and «pense of tho undertaking. This faot shows plainly the necessity of establishing some definite laws in regard to the mutual co-operation of tho diggers. Another snljeot worthy of notice is the wont of encouragement from tho Government to nid in prospecting and dcop tinting-the miners being tumble from their menus to wry out tho work of sinking shnfts from 100 to 200 feet; and the storekeepers, on tho other hand, not beinpj men of sulllcient capital to support a ?number of men in an undertaking of tho kind. Tho idea of a numbul- of mon clubbing togothor to pay two or nore men to sink a deep shaft, is simply useloss, as tho area of an ordinary Bined bolo is no test whatovorofa hrgo extent of ground, Victoria, unquestionably owes lier success in a great measure to tito labours of an immense mining population-hundreds of acres of land being turned over nt one and tho same timo, no ?traidor that in individual instances the rewards of toil .remoro than compensations for tho same. To sum up these few observations, unless some moro 'definite Jaws be established on the gold fields of New South Wales in roferonce to tho system of enrrying on mining operations-unless, also, some encouragement be afforded to thoso unable of themselves to test fully tho auriferous capabilities of our hills and tablo lands, in 'the shape 6f n fund for tho maintenance of thoso who TOild bo willing to cngngo in deep sinking and finding ?new spheros of labour-nnd by reducing tho license fee in force nt present to amore nominal require- ment. This glorious nnd favoured colony-rich in .pastoral and agricultural land", and producing immonso mineral yields-will still bo classed as a sccond-rato ?country, and be unnblo to riso with Viotorin, hor rival sister, in tho acquisition of this most matorinl element of national prosperity. OPTHALMIC. INSTITUTION.-Tho want of nn Institutton »boro patients could bo properly troutod for disoasos of tie ere has been acknowledged for somo time in Sydney, »nd to supply that want, Dr. Borncastlo, a highly qualified medical gentleman nnd formerly house surgeon to the Guy's Hospital Opthalmic Institution, proposos to organise nn establishment to bo called the Syd noy Optlwlmio Institution. Tho outline of tho pinn intondod to bo adoptod is as follows ¡-A suitable sito will bo chosen In a healthy part of Sydney, containing words for »rsl, second, nnd third class pnlionts-tho only dlfToronoo ht accommodation being that the first class patients will havo Boparate rooms, tue second olass will bo in rooms «onlninlng two or three, and tho third olnss in wnrds containing n suitable number. Thoy will bo found in «»«»thing inolttding mortloal nttondunoo, modloinos, wini, Huon, Sta., nt a moderate fixed sum per weok, calculated to bo Bufiloiont to cover tho expenses of tho «««bllshmont. Tho ohnrgo for tho first olass will bo about double tho expenso of tho third class, willoh will «noble all to avail themselves of tho ndvnntngns of the Jtulllntloii, pnrtloulnrly thoso persons who will not go luto hospitals or charitable institutions,' but who cannot «nord the groat expenso of prlvnto nttondunoo, nursing, *o. Proper regulations ns to tho reception nnd treat nwt« of pnUonts will be established. Dr. Bland mid Br. »llooltBtt will not nn consulting surgeons with Dr. Born «'Ile. HU Excellency tho Govornor-Gonornl has con Mutta to booomo Patron, whllo sovorol gontlomon of the {"ghost position In tho colony fill tho honorary oflloos of toe Institution. ViomttT ASSAULT UPON A rouan OFFICKI»,-Shortly *{fjr inldnloht on Sunday morning, ns Sergeant Hush, or tho City Police Foroo, wus proooedlng along Kent «Mot, he was suddenly rushed Upon from bohiud, by «a young men. who vlolontly nsanultod nnd boat him uninorolfully with a stlolc. .They woro unknown to ulm« »na assigned no ren'son f»r tho onslaught. Tho nor« Sf.a'u,|','ltpoanH ho wna followed by his assailants from MUll'a imbUo-houso. After grntlfylng tholr mulloo, IH7 """'lived to osoopo, leaving tho sorgoitnt poworloss «na almost Insensible on tho rond. During tho soulHo, oergeimt lUtBli tot o nwny olio of lils nssiilliints' oont-lnlls, 7Í.0 ' w'"' ft ljlttalt " wldo.ttwako" lint, woro loft behind. w *".B,Uiiin THAMES.-.IU referring in yesterday's Oom JWMJiu Ileoord tn tko cargo of tho above vosaol willoh ?. i r*1 tt,rrlvö,> f';om Mauritius, it wnB Blotod to bo M on "eight j ? it Hhould linvo beott " ou OVTIIOVB' nooouut." 