CII.LDREN'S JOYS AND SORROWS. I C?m endure a melancholy man, but not a melancholy child. Thie fbrmcr, in whantver slough ie may sink, can raise hi s eyes cither to the kingdom of reason or hopo-but the little child ts entirely absorbed and weighed down by one black poison-drop of the present. Think of n child led to thl scnffold, thlink of Cupid in ia Dutch colli n; or watch a botterfly after its four wings have been torn off, creeping like a worm, and you will feel what I moean. Bult wherebfor? The first has been nlready given; tihe child, like the beast, only known purest, tlhoughl shortest sorrow--one wliich has no past and 11o liture-one such as the sick mani re ceives from without, the dreamer from himself into his astlhenic brain; finally, ontt with the constiousnessn not of guilt, Ibt of inlocence. Certainly, all the sorrows of children are but shortest nights, as their joys are but hottest days-and, indeed, both so mutch so, that in the latter, often clouded and starless time of life, the matured man only longingly remembers his old childhood's pleasures, whil be he seems alto gether to have forgotten his childlood's grief. This weak remembrmlance is strangely contrasted with the opposing one in dreams and fevers in this respect, that in the two last it is always theo cruel sorrows of childhood which return; the dream, this mock-sin of childhood, and the fever, its distorting gloss-both draw forth from dark torners thei fears of childhood, which press and cut with iron flings into the prostrate soul. The fair scenes of dreams mostly play on an after-stage, whereas the frightfil ones choose for theirs tile cradle and the nursery. Mloreo over, ini fever, the icv-hands of the fear of ghosts, the striking one of tile teachers and Irarents, and every claw with which fate has pressed theoyoung heart, stroteh thlmsolvec oult tocatch theo wandering man. Parents, consider then that every childhood's Rupert-the name given in Germany to the fictitious being em ployed to frighten children into obedience even though it has lain chained for tens of years, yet breaks loose and gains mastery over the man as soon as it finds him on a sick-bed. The first fight is more ilangerous the sooner it happens-as the man grows older, is less and less easily frightened; the little cradle or bed canopy of the child is more easily quite dark ened than the starry heaven of the man.-Jean Paul Iiclhter. 