LLAYINO THE FOUNDATION OF A NF,W CON, R GUECIATJONAT« CHURCH AT NEWTOWN, Twa foundation siana of a new Ccutgreg^tianal Church At Newtown wa* laid last evening, hy tho Rev, Dr, Ross, when about one hundred and Ufty persons! were present, It was anticipated that « larger number would have been present, but owing to the inclement state of tho weather up to within a comparatively short period before the ceremony, many residents of Sydney were deterred from attending. We are informed by the architect, Mr. Bibb, that the building is to be 70 feet in length by 40 feet in breadth, when completed ; that it is not, however, the intention of the trustees to build it in its full dimensions at present ; but that it will be simply an equilateral square of 40 feet by 40 feet. It is to have solid stone founda- tions, the walls to be built of brick. The sito of the church is the donation of John and Alfred Fairfax, Esqs. The Rev. SAMUEL C. KENT, having performed the iniatory service, read a copy of the document which was inserted in the bottle which was about to be placed in the cavity beneath the foundation stone. It was as fol- lows :-" The stone in which this document is deposited, is the foundation stone of a Congregational Church, built in connection with tho Congregational Church Building Seciety of New South Wales, on land given fer tho purpose by John and Alfred Fairfax, Esquires. It was laid by the Rev. Dr. Ross, on Tuesday, the 2flth day of February, in the year of our Lord, 1850, and in the 10th year of the reign of her Majesty Queen Victoria Sir William Denison being Governor of this colony. Architect, Mr. John Bibb; Bnilder, Mr. William Bailey. ([Signed) Samuel Chambers Kent, Congregational Min- ister," The rev. gentleman then said that the Bev. Dr. Ross would address the assemblage. Dr. Ross said he believed «that, when that honse of prayer should be completed, they would there hear the doctrine of the Trinity preached. How the Father had so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son for its redemption ; that the Son had put on oar humanity and borno oar transgression for the benefit of a guilty race; and how the Holy Ghost, by his divine influence, was assisting all those looking for bis aid, Man was a rosponsibla being, and he hoped that under the future -ministrations of those ministers who should preside over that church, many would be found on the morn of resurrection as a light shining in a dark place, or a city set upon a hill. The young would there be instructed ; those who had strayed from the path of rectitude and duty would be reclaimed; and the virtuous would bo confirmed in their good work. It would be a Congrega- tional Church, and the doctrinos preached within its walls would be those of Independency ; it would bc built on tlie broad basis of religious conviction-a con- viction which every one ought to experience who had the Bible. At the same time that he was attached to his own system of divine worship, ha would gladly extend that liberty of opinion which ho enjoyed to all Chris, thins. We had no right to persecute those who differed from us; no right to put them in gaol or inflict any other injury on them, because they worshipped God in a way dissimilar to that in which we worshipped Him. The same roligious freedom which wo sought for our. selves should we allow to others. He accepted the Biblo in its integrity, without nota - or com- ment. Independency did not permit him to say that the Bible was wrong on any point ; they took it as it was. In thus speaking he did not wish to un-Christinn iso any religious body. A man might be nominally an Independent, a Presbyterian, a Wesleyan, or a Church- man, and yet want the spirit of Christianity ; such an ono could not hope for salvation. As for himself, he could not preach in any other way than as an Indepen- dent; he allowed to others the privilege of professing their own tenets, and he would therefore, ns a matter of right, demand the privilege of acting on his own convic- tion. In conclusion, he hoped that the doctrines which should be enumerated in that house of prayer, wonld be in accordance with those which he had that day pro- pounded ; and trusted that they would obtain for their professors an incorruptible reward in heaven. The Rev. JOSEPH BEAZLEY, according to announce- ment, delivered an address upon the principles of Con- gregational Independency. He had come in a measure prepared to nddress them, but had boon anticipated at nearly all points by his reverend friend, the previous speaker. Ho had been requested, by the Rev. Mr. Kent, to deliver an address on tho present auspicious occasion. He was sure that neither they nor any other Christian body would pretend to monopolize all tho gifts of God. God had given all the Churches their appointed work. They had no desire to engross the public mind ; they would be content to live together in harmony and Christian fellow- ship, blessing and blessed. If, amid the Churches of tho day, zeal and liberality could be found, wo had rea- son to be thankful. He did not understand the foolish cry of " schism" and "division"; those who raised that cry wero unacquainted with the ends of God's moral government. Man was placed in a world filled with beautiful objects ; as his faculties became expanded, be became acquainted with their utility and purpose. A man should ho true to his own nature and culture; he should see with his own eyes, hear with his own ears, and infer with his own mind. In the progress of religion we were called upon to exercise our faculties ; if wc were prevented from so doing, there was at once an impassable barrier placed before as. Only when we have encouraged the development of thought and judgment has the process of thinking begun. The educated man was a thinking man. He asserted the right of private judgment in regard to matters, of religion. We should keep our eyes fixed on the eternal distinction between mind and matter if the human mind were composed of destructible matter, it might fae reduced under tho luws of the mineral, the animal, or the vegetable kingdom ; but since it was divino and immortal, like Him from whom it proceoded, it possessed an undeniable right to exercise itself in whatsoever circumstances we should be placed. Tho Blessed Founder of Christianity had not forbidden us the exercise of freedom of judgment; on the con- trary, Ile was in the habit of appealing to those about Him to exercise their judgment. St. Paul had done the sume thing to tho brethren of Thessalonica. It was not required of them when they became Christians that they should ceaso to bo men. It was one of the gravest and most reprehensible faults which a minister could be guilty of-that of affecting to control the minds of Iiis congregation ; his chief aim should bo that of develop- ing tho thinking powers of his congregation. Asserting the right of other Christian communions to think for themselves, thoy had a right to expect that the same privilego would be accorded to them. Those who subscribed towards the support of religious bodies lind a right to have a voice in tho disposal of those funds. Maintaining the doctrine of mental independence, we were trained by the Bible to independence of thought. The venerable Puritans had laid tho foundation of that mental freodem which we now enjoyed. Tho rev. gentleman concluded tho reading of the address by speaking in terms of tho highest commendation of the Rev. Mr. Kent. The Rev. Mr. CHAPMAN pronounced tho benediction, and the chief part of those present adjourned to pnrtake of refreshments, in the shnpo of tea and cako, which were abundantly served np in a shed at a short distance from the site of the new Church. Tea having been dis- cussed, a few speakers addressed the meeting. The Rev. SAMUEL KENT said, thnt up to a lato hour that evening ho had had doubts as to whether they could have been regaled as they hod been ; but thanks to kind friends they had surmounted that difficulty. It was exactly twelve months since he bad arrived in the colony, he felt, therefore, proud that this the anniversary of his arrival had been rendered illustrious by the events of that day. He would not now detain them, in order that they should have an opportunity of hearing other gentlemen who desired to address them. (Applause.) Tho Rev. W. SLATTER did not expect any speechifying to-night; the Rev. Mr. Darling would nddress them. The Rev. Mr. Kent wished to make a colonial birthday ef it ; it was his opinion that he might have done worse than come to this colony. He trusted that now the foun- dation steno of the new church was laid, they would come forward and nobly assist the good work. -He felt con- vinced that tho Rev. Mr. Kent would do all he could for them, mentally and spiritually. They had a good deal of money already on hand towards the new church; not- withstanding, ho hoped their friends would immediately set about the work of collecting subscriptions, and hoped that-by the time the church was finished, there would not be ono farthing of debt left-upon it. The objects which they should keep chiefly in view should be the advancement of the Redeemer's Kingdom, and the salvations of soul?. Wo should let our prayers abound on behalf of the minister, and he should usc his most strenncous exertions on our behalf. The Rev. H. DAKLIXO rejoiced that the foundation was laid. He was an Independent and not a Presbyte- rian, notwithstanding bc was prepared to co- operate with all those who were -desirous, to forward the good cause of Christianity. He loved-to be united to minis- ters of the Gospel belonging to other persuasions; although they might differ on minor points, we should endeavour to unite in thought and feeling, and we should then present that glorious spectacle of being " sons of God." When Christians would lay aside their dissensions and unite together for the advancement of the common cause, he should then behold men united in the bonds of a common brotherhood. (Applause.) The Rev. SAMUEL KENT said that they were much indebted to the kindness of hil rev. friend Mr. Beazley ; he would, therefore, call upon him to address the meet- ing. Th« R«y. Jotera «UuiuT ««M UkM thia «M th« first .nov« in » aeries of attack* that would uk« «way «hont thirty member* of hi« congrégation, (Applause,) He wa« of opinion »ha» churches in their earlier days were happier than when »hey grew to he large, since when, they were small the minister and individual rnemhers of the congregation came more frequently into contact. Ile would enter into a compact with the Rev. Mr. Kent to this effect, that the rev. gentleman would occasionally allow him the privilege of addressing in his new Church the members of his ("Mr. Beasley's) congregation, and be would in return for that favour allow Mr. Kent to make an apology to his congregation in his (Mr. Beazley's) church. (Applause.) Mr. SCOTT Ross felt a little puzzled what to say. He doubted not if it had been an election meeting he could have found something to say. He felt that it was good to be there that evening after tho excitement and hustle of political meetings. It struck him that the religious ! sentiment was progressing in this colony. He had lately witnessed a most gratifying spectacle^-that of his Excellency the Governor-General presiding at a meeting of the New South Wales Auxiliary Bible Society ; the ex- cellent metropolitan of the Anglican Church was there also, together with several of his clergymen : it appeared to him that the members of various congregations had united in this colony for the spread of Christianity. Christianity, civilization, arts and sciences went hand in hand together. We should not look with an enviousoye on other religions bodies. The foundation stones of nine congregational Churches had been laid in this colony : he, therefore, thought that they had good cause to be proud of the progress of Congregationalism. It behoved them to keep pace with other religious bodies, and he trusted that their ministers would always be men of intelligence and energy. The Rev. Mr. Mau offered prayer, and tho Rev. Mr. KENT having pronounced a benediction, tho party separated at about half-past eleven o'clock. 