DOMESTIC XEWS. Absentee Official . — From the r«.tui-,,a G^vermnent T'0"' W uo-v eminent officials have obtained leave of aba.-nee since tne year 183" for periods ranging foni six months of thV earS| tGU \vhom have be0!1 il1 th<* full receipt of their salary, and thirty on half-pa v. Amongst those absent on leave for one vear on full salan f perceive the name of the hon. member for the B irra but we understand that that gentleman denies hi^ having been on leave of absence? it being on Gove™ ment business alone that he proceeded to England 1 EVER FROM THE LORD R VGLAX.—Vfi wetft , ere iibly informed, by one who is in a position to know ■ the real facts of the ease, that as fast as the immigrants are landed from the above vessel, thev tall sick of the , fever. This requires immediate attention ; and when 1 *18 ^membered that the unfortunate sufferers have | brought the disease into both North and South Ade. j Ja? 'T\ e futho1; - ' we are sure, take the matter , up. It this is in any degree exaggerated, that ex. t oStsU 13 t0 be 4ttribUted t0 °tllCT8- and not to Frratum — In yesterday's notice of St Luke s Church, towards the close, for " coveted man's read miles from Gawler Town. The unfortunate hnv fhl, Z to get shelter from the rays of the sun bv chmh"n° tree, when one of the branches gave war and ± ^ * tated him to the ground, breaking one of'his legs Cotter was speedily sent for and rendered the necessary assistance, and we hear the poor boy is doin" well Gawler Town.-We are informed that Mr James Macgeorge, the pioneer of electric telegraphs in South Australia, is making arrangements for extending his line of wires as far as Gawler Town, should the sta tistics of procuring, at all warrant such an outlay. We wish him every possible success should he determine on carrying out so spirited a design. Flection for Robe Ward. — Y°sterdav S°M?"lSI ? deCti°n °fia Town C°uncillor (in the place of Mr Hughes resigned, and since elected Town Clerk) was held at Champion's Hotel, North Adelaide The poll commenced at 9 p.m. The result was as follows ■-! Alexander Gumming, 97; Mr Osborne, 77 ; Mr Ilussev t^Vl0r\00k> 1 giving Mr Cumming a ma jority of 20, when he was declared duly elected ( Escape to Melbourne. - Pretty general ! C0"?PIaint seems now to be excited on the thelities 1 to mS? fraudulent persons are enabled to escape to Melbourne. We think a simple precaution might be adopted until the Legislature has made some pro vision, and that is, to oblige every passenger to smn a passenger book m their own handwriting, which IaUer would often prove a clue to the discovery of those who left under an assumed name. Unfortunate Occurrence. — Yesterday evening a boy named Thomas Joy," employed in Mr Clarke s bakery establishment, unfortunately had his hand crushed. It appears that his employment was in the department called the cutting machine, but the work of the day being over, he was standing carelessly against the adjoining machine called the break when his hand caught accidentally between the rollers' which at the time would scarcely adimt of an intervening half inch. His cries brought immediate assistance, so' that the machinery was stopped, and the hand extricated before much more than the hand had been involved in the works The extent of injuries received appear to consist m the removal of the greater pun of the less solid portion of the hand, besides tearing off the thumb Dr Frankis was soon on the spot, and rendered h:s be.-t assistance. The boy is going on favourably. Jacobs the Conjuror This enterprising and amusing professional, accompanied by he, confrere Sprightly and troupe, departed from uir shores" with the Burra yesterday afternoon. We wish h m euunl success on his next field of action in creating fun and laughter, to that which he recently met here PORT THEATRE.—- A performance took place-.k p-ace at this Theatre last Monday evening, when two or three names unknown before appeared in public; amongst them we especially notice the acting of Miss Morton, as "Clara," in Buckstone's domestic drama of "Luke the Labourer," in which she was well supported by Luke, personated by Mr. Newson. An interlude of songs and dances was very well performed and received; Mr. NEwson's comic singing was admirable, and brought forth uproarious applause. This gentleman was lately a comic actor with Mr. Coppin, at the Abbey-street theatre, Dublin, and also in Melbourne and Geelong, and will doubtless become a favourite here. The evening's entertainment was concluded with a laugh- able farce, entitled the "Sp.ectre Bridegroom," or "a Ghost inspite of himself." As " Lavinim," Miss Morton again gave general s .ti>faetion. The reduced prices of admission to the Port Theatre will, we trust, be an in ducement to the Portonians. to support the present spirited company. 1 Mrs 1 'ORE* and Sir John Dean Paul.— The Cork Contitution mentions the fact that Mrs Gore's novel, " Che Banker's Wife," of which the villany of an unprincipled banker forms the groundwork, war dedicated to Sir John Paul, as an illustrious example of probity and good faith, and one in whom the office of * o.erTWvS made honourable. Mrs Gore is a creditor of Sir John D. Paul's bank, it is said, of £30,000, in which are included the gains of her voluminous writings. A Useful Invention. Me-srs R. Besley and Co., of London, liave, after some research, obtained a new metallic amalguin, for the purpose of tvpe founding. According to the prospectus issued,' the material possesses an extraordinary power of resisting pressure, and defines a clear sharp impression ' quite equal to the "copper-faced type." Should the ma terial endure the test of experience, there can he 110 doubt of its becoming one of the most useful, although one of the most unobtrusive, inventions of the time. Authors who have the rare felicity to require a reprint of their works will save their hard- earned gains, and proprietors of newspapers whose types/as well as them selves, are subject to wear and tear, mar at least be spared one source of annoyance in the constantly recurring type-founder's bill. Quite out of Place.—A blundering compo sitor in setting up the toast ' Woman—without her, man would be a savage,' put the punctuation in the wrong place, which made it read ' Woman, without her man, would be a savage.' This mistake was not discovered until the editor's wife undertook to read the proof. Cardinal Wiseman.—The Tablet reports thatjtfjjjfcm of £1114 5s. has already been raised to-^ wardj^Hniidcmniiication of Cardinal Wiseman againsC' the exJBpes, amounting to £2107 3 s. 3d., incurred in the trialof Boyle v. "Wiseman. Copper Coinage.—The huge issue of 500 tons of copper coin, says the Times, lately made to the public having proved inadequate to the demand, a new contract for 250 tons additional is required, for which a schedule of tender is now being issued by the Master of the Mint, returnable by the 19th November. Steam Threshing Machine.—We observe in the Launceston journals that mention is made of a steam threshing-machine, belonging to Mrs Morrison, of Evandale. It is said to be capable of threshing from five hundred to eight hundred bushels of grain per day, chaffs it, and with very little trouble tills the bags. The machine had been tried with complete success. (Jato's Bank.—The dangerous sand bank or reef, situated about latitude 23 degrees south, and longitude 155 degrees 10 minutes east, bearing the above name, was lately visited by the coasting ketch Quail, for the purpose of procuring portions of wreck of the various vessels cast away there. On arrival, however, the parties on board found that almost everything valuable, the anchors and chains of one vessel excepted, had been either washed away or were otherwise re moved. After securing the bitter, sail was made for Svducy. Having called in at one of the northern ports, the ketch Aurora, from Torres Straits was communicated with. Her muster stated that about seven weeks since a schooner was seen, while in the vicinity of the Gulf of Carpentaria (Cape York), believed to be the Tom Tough, companion of the barque Monarch, in the servive of the .Northern bxploring hxpecuuon. -Sycmry Empire. 