POINTS. (Front the Liverpool Journal.) The only objection that is in any direction arising with regard to the peace seems to be-that all the great powers will he met diately have to make war upon Turkey. The Sublime Porte, about whom there has been all the bother, appears to be reduced rously dissatisfied. It is the old Eabelui sian story of the poultry and the cook. Russia attacked Turkey for the purpose of roasting her The Allies defended Turkey for the purpose of boiling her. There has been a conference and there follows a compromise. The Ottoman suggests that he objects to either process and the Ple- nipotentiaries are indignant with diplomatic disgust at this heinous wandering from the question. The point is about the Principalities. Turkey has no objection to the diversification of the Aland Isles, (which affect her as much as the New , Brighton Fort,) and the resumption of the ' status quo ante, in respect to the Black Sea, is very pleasing. But it happens that the war was about the invasion of the Principalities. Turkey entreated aid from. the Allies in order to maintain her pro- tectorate equivalent to the possession of the Principalities. Good said the Allies, and they beat Russia. Russia they decide, shall not have the Principalities. The Principalities shall be an independant kingdom. The astonishment of the Sub- lime Porte is just what that of the Bus sians would have been had France assaulted the Rhine Provinces, and had the allied powers (conquering France) constituted the Rhine Provinces, a new German king dom. But really, when we have a Prince Imperial to bring up, and a Princess Royal to marry off, we cannot have the Conferences troubled with mere Turkish ideas. The Emperor Napoleon despises the Turks and the Turks couldn't keep Kars j and altogether, the Mahommedan is so rotten that he should consider himself a lucky fellow to be let off so cheaply. So there will be peace, unless he is very contumacious and unites us to Russia in correcting him and we shall leave him to carry out the last Gatti Seheriff or edict,, which gives absolute religious, equality to all the subjects of the Porte/'Cbristiaufl and others'; for, of course, it is well understood that we have long ago set him examples in this civilized fashion. Doesn't Baron Rothschild sit securely in our enlightened House of Commons, and is it not quite dear that if a Mahommedan man of genius, though with a partiality for the Prophet, settled in England, a great career would be open for him; and have not the Ecclesiastical Titles Bill and the Penal Laws been long erased from our highly intelligent statute book ? If the Mahommedan is to continue worthy of our protection he is to exert himself. He must get rid of his pilfering Pachas, who left an army to be starved out in that transcendant city of Kars. We know nothing of British frauds in mortars British frauds in provisions supplied to the Commissariat and obviously, all that story that our British army was nearly fall nished, and totally diseased at Balaklava, in 1854-5, to that degree that plucky General Evans thought it his duty to advise a general embarkation, is a ludicrous fic- tion unworthy the attention of any man of common sense, although there does appear to be some foundation for the story in the fact that next week a great commission is about to sit in grand inquest on our air alleged to -be-sacrinced -by-the-old-nobility regions It is very well known that our commission from on high, as a people with a destiny, is to teach the nations how to live, and the fact is that we shall never be very fond of the Turks, until, in the ine-. vilable reorganization of their political institutions they put up a House of Come., mons in Constantinople, with a long lobby like our own, for committees to try bribery petitions after general elections. They must put down their harems, which, are abominable to us. They must pitch into the Bosphorus their Koran, and relinquish the incessant prayers and chronic teetotalism enjoined by that publication. They must abolish bazaars and take to shops, the horrible idea of their House of Commons adulteration committees notwithstanding. Why, for that matter we could teach the nations how to die too. " Scotland has a thief as good," roared the scrupulous Caledonian. But we'll back. Palmer and the Leeds Dovecot against any thing any race can produce or has produced. As to France, that civilized people, with' their electric telegraph announcing when the Empress's pains began, why France is just as much entitled as we are to set the Turks re-arranging all their Eastern Mufti isms. And, at all events, the French intend to have something to say in the conversion of the used-up Ottoman into the refurbished fattening of Gallican upholstery. The Holy places business is not yet settled., and it is not Very likely that the Zouaves , will round the Golden Horn before the latch-key of those ouW , E "J ti I houses-they ari^no'-more-is placed in Custody of the most Christian Emperor in Christendom. Frenchmen will inun- date Turkey, under the new pre-Christian lawn, get into the Sultan's service, jostle with pachas co the best places, take to the husband, if necessary, and create a vast French influence, to which the general knowledge of the French tongue among bureaucratic Mahommedans is highly pro- picture. What with the moral force of England, the educational force of France, the diplomatic force of Russia, and a crack new model state on the Danube, it will be strange if the Turk doesn't reform with the velocity of a nation of Joe Hume. But, like the good housewife who polished out of existence the dining-room tables, the chance is that the Mahommedan will be improved off the face of the earth, which, undoubtedly, every one will be very glad of, for he is as exhausted a race as the British aristocracy is an exhausted a class. But, amid all these simulations of peace conferences and international congratulations, it would be just as well to recognise the reality of things. It is supposed that the peace will not improve the positions of our public (po- little!) men. A peace seldom does and their only chance now is that there is no military celebrity to direct attention from them. But we have one undamaged man left? Lord Dalhousie is coming home. When Cesar was making for the Rubicon the alarmed Romans said that he had a great chance, he had been so long away. Dalhousie comes<home with the fame of a great conqueror and a great consolidated. The Peelites await him with impatience. He is uncommitted about the war, and the peace renews their opportunity. They are to turn out Lord Palmerston (if they can on the American question. Mr. Buchanan waiting for the Presidency, of which he has a good chance, and off to the Con til sent to lounge until sent for, says that there are facts enough in existence to blow up Lord Palmerston. Mr. Dallas, the New United States minister, will be made the most of by Peelites and by Man chester and if the United States and the British public combine to rid us of the old lord regime, and to create for us a commercial nation's commercial government they ought to succeed. But there are some signs that the old regime does not regard itself as endangered. There was the permanent Secretaryship of the board of Control vacant by Sir Thomas Beding ton's insane resignation, Sir Thomas foolishly calculating on getting into Parliament for New Boss-a design thwarted by the very ghost of Gavan Duffy. Did the Government send for- an able and vigorous man ? They sent for Sir. George Clerk, a gentleman of about ninety, who retired from Parliament about ten years ago, on the ground of enfeebled health, and who left Indians was Governor of Bombay Presidency about twenty years ago, thoroughly exhausted. If old Parr were alive now, he would get a good office. 