^Dttrq, <$)riginaVrait Sfktt. THE PATRIOT'S BRIDE. BT CSAStliBS OATAH DCFPP, K.P. Oh! rive me back that rojoJ dream My fancy wrought, When I have seen your sunny eyes Grow moist with thought; And fondly hop'd dear Love, your heart from mine Its spell bad caught; And laid me down to dream that dream divine, But true, methought, , Of how my life's long task would be, to make your t blessed as it ought. To learn to love sweet Nature more For your sweet sake, To watch with you—dear friend with you!— It's wonders break; The sparkling Spring in that bright face to see It's mirror make— _ . On Summer moms to hear the sweet birds sing By linn and lake; And know your voice, your magic voice, could still a grander music wake < On some old shell-strewn rock to sit Iii Autumn eyes, Where grey Killiney cools the torrid air Hot Antnmn weaves: Or by that Holy Well in mountain lone, Where faith believes (Fain would I b'licve) its secret, darling wish True love achieves. Yet, oh! its Saint was not mora pure than (he to whom my fond heart cleaves. To see'lhe dank mid-winter night Pass like a noon, Sultry with thought from minds that teemed, Ai d glowed like June; Whereto would pasB in sculp'J and pictured train Art's magic boon; And Music thrill with many a haughty strain, And dear old tunc, Till hearts grew sad to hear the destined hour to part had come so soon. To wake the old weird world that sleeps In Irish lore; The strains awect foreign Spenset sung By Mulla's shore; Dear Curran's airy thoughts, like purple birds That shine and soar; Tone's fiery hopes, and all the deathless vows That Grattan swore; The songs that once our own dear Davis sung—Ah me ! to sing no more. To search with mother love the gifts Our land can boast, Soft Erna's isles, Ncagh's wooded slopes, Clare's iron coast; Kildarc, whose legends grey our bosoms stir With fay aud ghost; Grey Jloume, green Antrim, purple Glenmalur— Lenc's fairy host; With raids to many a foreign land to learn to love dear Ireland most. And all those proud old victor-fields We thrill to name; Whose mcm'rics ore the stars that light Long nights of shame; The Cairn, the Dun, the Bath, the Tower, the Keep, That still proclaim In chronicles of clay aud stone, how true, how deep Was Erie's fame. Oh! we shall sec them all, with her, that dear, dear friend we two have lov*d the same. Yet ah! how truer, tend'rer still Methought did seem That Bi-cno of tranquil joy, that happy home, By Dodder's stream; The moruing smile that grew a fixed star With love-lit beam, The riuginglaugh, locked hands, and all the far And shining stream Of daily love, that made our dally life diviner than a dream. For still to me, dear friend, dear love, Or both—dear wife, Your image comes with serious thoughts But tender, rife : No idle plaything to caress or chide In sport or strife; But my best chosen friend, companion, guides To walk through life, Linh'd hand in hand, two equal, loving friends, true husband and true wife. Ballade of Ireland# ty S. Sayet. 