REVIEW. MEMOIRS AND AROTIO JOURNAL OF LIEUTENANT BELLOT. (From the Spectator.) The colobrity of Josopli Bono Dollot is a fomavkablo iustnneo of what character will effeot. His nptitudo for instruction was groat, and ho mado his way from a humble poaition to early rank in tho Frouch marine : but his aoquiromonts and promotion wore not of a wonderful kind ; many men have gained more ktiowledgo undor greater difficulties, or rison moro rapidly in worldly position, without aoquh'ing a titlio of his distinction. It was not liis volunteor zoal in braving danger or privations, or evon liis actual death, that pro duced this wide-spread fame : for in the noble servioo ' to which ho bolongod voluntary ox- posuro to hardship, risk of life, and death it- solf, are too common to challenge more than a passing notice, and not always that. The cireumstanco of a foreigner volunteering to assist in a search after Franklin and his com panions, no doubt contributed to tho social attentions Bellot received ; but a fashion of that kind is ovanescent, and would go for little on shipboard, when tho first novelty was over. Bellot, liowover, exercised as much in fluence over tho hardy Shetlanders and Hud- sou Bay. men as ho did among privato ac quaintance. To influence a nation, some- thing more than tashion or personal lascitia- tiou was nocessary ; and that appears to liavo been tho assemblage of qualities whioli is called chnraoter, and whioh procures fame and regard for men apart from uny groat success, or even in spite of failure and misfortune. The distinguishing traits in Bellot appear to have been, great kindness of lioart, and a large sympathy coujoinod with great resolution ; and it was this sympathy which made liis death so widely felt as a common loss. The life of Bellot, brief as it was, is not without interest, especially for tho oxamplo it furnishes thnt tho institutions or manners of tho French ofl'or a better opening to humble talent than exists in this country. His father was a working blacksmith, with a family of several oliildreu. Bollot would appear to liavo received his education at somo public school at Roehefort, whore liis father lived ; for his teacher, M. Richer, made such a favourable report of his capacity and intelligence," that the Municipality granted tho boyu domi-burse at the College of Roehefort. This involved somo pinching on tho part of liis family to pay the additional ohargos, slight as they would appear to many; but the charges were will ingly borne ; and they were repaid, not only in after life by the assistance Bellot furhishoa to liis family out of his scanty meanB, hut by an immediate harvost of prizes. I11 liis six teenth year ho underwent a successful exa mination for admission into tho Naval School, and again receivod assistance from the Roche- fort Municipality; his family struggling as before to make up the difference. On tho 1st September, 1843, " liis nge being then seven teen years and a half, ho stood fifth on the list for promotion of pupils of the second class ;" and was receivod successively on board the Suffrbn and Friedland, lying in tho port of Brest. He mado his first cruise in tho cor vette Berceau, in June 1844. From that time till I860 ho was activoly engaged on tho coast of Africa or iu the Indian Ocean ; and was wounded in an expedition against Tiunatave in Madagascar. The leisure of shore or coast ing duty did not suit Bellot. He quittod liis vessel, tho Triomphante, in September 1850; and in tho following spring volunteored to join tho little yaolit Albert, which Lady Franklin was fitting out. From that point the career of Lieutenant Bollot is known to all, as woll as the manner of liis untimely doatli; exeopt, perhaps, that all may not know that liis old commander Kennedy and the crew of the Albert offered to serve undor him if ho would take the command of a second expedition — whioli ho declinod, out of national dolioacy ; and that he in vain endeavored to induco tho French Minister of Marino to send out an ex pedition of senroh, alleging tho example of America and Russia. Joseph Rene Bellot was horn on tho 18th March, 1826, at Paris, though he always called himself a Roehefort man : lie perished iii Wellington Channel on the 15th August, 1853. It was a liahit of Bollot from an early period of life to koop a journal, in whioh he entered hot only liis observations hut his re flections nnd ' feelings. Of the journal which lie wrote during liis first voyage in tho Albert, 1851-'02, the volumes "before us principally ooiisist. Upon tho voyage itself, tho geogra phy of tho regions visited, or tho mode of life in the Arotio Seas, they throw little if any ab solutely new light. Their interest mainly arises from their autobiographical and national oharaeter. Tho French have not attended so much to Polar exploration as some other na tions, and the voyage hud for Bollot a fresh ness it would not have had foi an English seaman. It is however his own portrait, un- oonsoiously painted, that gives lits main in terest to the journal. Prudent zeal and resolute determination to do liis duty con tinually appear, mingled with a little of the Frenchman's soif-demonstrativeness. The buoyunoy of spirit whioli makes light of re'ourring hardships and dangers, and the ; firm will that refuses to he down-cast' hy physical ailing or unusual perils, but renders the mind master of the body, fre quently' obcur, as woll as tho writer's strong family feolings. With these biographical traits aro iutonvoven pictures of sconory and the usual incidents of an Arctic voyage, together with observations and reflections on various matters. Exploration in those regions is pro bably at an ond for somo time to come. The following remark, therefore, has no direct bearing, though strictly correot; for nearly all tho groat discovorios in those regions have been made on foot, if not exactly hy laud. It hits a blot in our public systom — a rigid not ,to say a blind udheronco to more routine, and an olfioial determination to ignore whatever does not como with an official stamp ; though tho Hudson Bay Company are not quite so seorot as Bollot supposes, and one Govern ment expedition was planned to proceed over tho Polar ice. The most erroneous notions are entorluincil in Franco as to the information possessed by the Eng lish Admiralty. The Hudson Bay Company, whioh makes a mystery of all its operations, will not allow anything to be published respecting the manners of the tribes iu their territory, their resources, or their mode of travelling. "Whether it ho that the Govern ment has not asked for such information, or has re ceived it in an incomplete form, not one of its naval expeditions lias possessed tho means of travelling hy land; and it is not surprising that each of them has produced so little, since their season of operations lias, of necessity, been always restricted to the very short time for wliich they were supplied with necessaries ; besides, even in summer, their men, spoiled by a winter passed by the fireside, did not accomplish all that might have been expected of them. In writing down these re- Memoirs of Lieutenant Joseph Bkne Bellot, Chevalier of tho Legion of Honour, Member of the Geographical Societies of London and Paris, Si 0. With his Journal of a Voyago in the Polar Seas iu search of Sir John Franklin. In two volumes. Published hy Hurst ami Blaekott, I flections, (as to whioh tho future will show me how | fur I am in thoright,) I do notthinkl am influenced hy a feolhig of hostility to foreign rivals ; hut I am struck by the facts. No, I have too high an esteem for Sir Edward Parry and tho two Bosses : I do not attack tliem, but critioiso a system, the defects of which nothing could luako plain to tlicin, not oven their experieuco in these seas. It does not appear that they ever had with them Hudson Bay men — regular Arctio travellers : they had men experienced in navigation nmoug the ice — good ice-mustere — but that is all ; whereas iu this country, where tho ground is solid during two-tlnrds of tho year, a voyage of discovery should be xirosecuted by land as well ns by sea ; and tbnt infers a new scries of studies, quite different from tlioso to which a naval officer is ac customed ; for them the least details ns to foot and hend gear, olothes, and food, become of vital im portance. Now, last, Mr. J. Smith was the only man who had belonged to tho Hudson Bay service; the greater liart of the crow hnd lievor been in the ico before, and there was nothing on hoard of what is requisite for travelling in winter, nay, scarcely the requisites for spending the winter on hoard ship. _ Mr. Kennedy, the commander, and Bellot himself were both Teetotallers, together with a largo portion of the crew. The vessel is de scribed as carrying no intoxioating drinks; from which, hotrover, spirits as a medicine must ho excepted, and lucky it was that they were taken. Bellot notes at the beginning thnt his own health suffored from tho absence of wine. Tho excessive strain upon the facul ties could not be well supported without some stimulant esxiccinlly in the absence of sleep; 20th August." Still snow ; but it is all tho same to us now. We have at last found the passngc. After .having run into tho entrance, which wns but badly marked, we camo upon a chain of flakes which allow lis to get to the oilier side. This last navigation is difficult enough, and requires n sort of knack only to be ac quired by practice, for wo move through a fog thickened with snow. It is at such times that the ice-mastor's duty becomes fatiguing : ours has not closed an eyo for thirty-six hours, and will hardly he at liberty till to-morrow. It appears that tho masters of the whalers sometimes pass two or three days without rest. Mr. Leask regrets that he has not a little brandy ; and I believe that tho excitement lie lias need of can only he given by that remedy, at the expense, it is true, of health subsequently. And again, on tho 28th — The forecastle presents a petition for an extra ration of brandy, although they are not entitled to it ; but they allege as a pretext that the provisions are not of such good quality as respectable English sailors have a right to expect. This petition closes, in tile usual way, by assurances of the deepest re- spcct. Mr. Kennedy asks my advice, and I think that they may be satisfied without danger; to refuse would be to expose ourselves to ill-will on their part, although I am convinced that they have only obeyed a prejudice; for there is amongst them more fear tliau liking for spirituous liquors. It became advisable oii other occasions to have" rccourso to stimulants. ' Still the fact that a wholo ship's crew bould sustain health in the Arctio regions without regular rations of spirits or beer, is a strong argument in favour of tomperance. It must not bo for gotten that tho crew wore of strong constitu tions, hardonod by liahit, and accustomed, it would appear, to refrain from stimulants, as well as to eat largely of animal food. Mr. Konnedy was a very religious man as well as a teetotaller. Bollot wits nominally a Catholic, with tho Continental idoas touching tho Sunday. Ho, however, readily gave in to IConuody's practice, and during tho coinmau- der's ubs6nco or illness, rend prayers himself. Ho speaks highly of the ustigo, and of its oilccts upon tho crew, and more titan once considers that tho commander's unwillingness to labour on tho Sunday had providontinl results. I11 Bellot tho religious feeling was vory strong. The wondors around hiin, the continual escapes from porils where prudence was usoloss, aud leisure for reflection, seem to liavo shaped if tlioy did not produco doubts as to dogmatic thoology and its creeds. On tho 2nd December he writes thus — I find myself daily more and moro attracted towards that religious system which I should call tho religion of Nature, becuuso the sentiment is developed iu me by tho contemplation of the mar. vols scattered arotmd us by the wonderful Provi dence which presides over all and foresees all. I lose myself in an inextricable labyrinth whenever I seek to clear up, by tho too uncertain lights of my reason, those dark mysterious bye-ways of dogmatio theology, tho necessity of which I cannot explain to myself. Whatever bo the possible objections to a religion which derives its doctrines only from the innato principles of tho heart and the conscience therein lies for me the basis of all worship tile origin of that gratitude which reminds us of what the creature owes to the universal Creator. My doubts and incessant hesitations, amidst my coii- scicntious inquiries after truth, tell me thnt I nin a Rationalist — thnt is, ns somo would say, a soul perverted nd opposed to the real faith ; but who can force himself to beliove what ho docs not un derstand? And if my poor wearied hend, worn with anxiety, happens to go astray in searching for tho true way amid tho divergent doctrines of Chris- tianity— justification by works, or by grace I always find my mind Bet nt rest when, jumping : over intermediates, I arrive immediately at the con clusion of nil religious systems, and address a warm prayer directly to God himself. And on tho 11th he writes again — This morning I had for the first time a pretty sharp religious discussion with Captain Kennedy. Wo idled each othor so linrd that we ended in very bad humour. He believes in revela tion ; for him the Old and New Testament are of tho samo authority, and flow directly from the Deity. This I cannot admit. Alas I I have not faith, and my rebellious reason revolts against what it cannot explain. I admit the New Testament ns inspired by the Spirit of God; but I do not believe in the Prophets, iu the Holy Ghost, or at least in tho latter otherwise than as a symbolic figure. What is to be done ? My conscience tells me I am not wrong ; I know well that, in seeking to extract from oil" '' systems what is good in them, I should not be sup- . ported ill my discussions ; but, run foi I -I cannot help that ; I yield to the current' of what is passing . within me. I perceive that in politics aud in reli- ' gion onc has friends only on condition of making . certain concessions ; hut what I have not, never shall have, nor wish to have, is the spirit of sect : I shall never be able to sacrifice my interests to xuy sentiments. It is here I recognise tho omnipotence of free will — the only real freedom— .the only one worthy of man. Why should I attach myself to > doctrines which offer me 110 complete certainty of truth? No, I will never lie to myself, and my mouth shall never say yes when my heart says no. K I will avoid among foreigners, as I do iu my 'own ( : country, putting forward even my convictions, when ! I know well beforehand that few, men can be con vinced, or will listen to anything but what they like ' to hear; but when I am questioned I will reply, at all hnzards, in accordance with my conscience, i" have hitherto experienced, that whatever relates to metaxihysics — to abstract subjects cannot be demon- ! strated; one must believe, or not believe. Iu short all I could say may be summed up in one short phrase ; either a man has faith, or he lias not. . It may not perhaps ho generally known that by the new Summary Jurisdiction Act the property of persons convicted is not forfeited to the Crown. i . Tho oxporimont of growing hops in Ireland j J ' lms heon successfully tried this season hy Mr. John Stafford, of Ballyteaguo, in Westmeath. Nearly 10,000 letters wore landed at Lisbon on the 4th iust. from tho Brazils, having been oonvoyed from Rio to Lisbon in tho British South Amorioau mail paokot. Each letter had to he cut iu two places and fumigated before it could bo received by the Portuguo3e|authori- tios, on account of tho lotters having come from au infected port, 