THEATRE ROYAL. Mr. M'Kean Buchanan, who made his first appearance before a Melbourne audience last night, in the character of Hamlet, is an actor who combines great merits with great defects. We must place to his credit all the physical advantages essential to histrionic success (a bunabie and flexible voice excepted), great energy and earnestness, as well as that sort of intensity which commands the attention, though it does not always succeed in exciting the admiration, of an audience, inasmuch as this very intensity, unless subjected to the control of a sound and vigilant judgment, leads an actor to indulge in rant. Mr. Buchanan is also an original actor, but his originality not unfrequently assumes the character of oddity. We "scorn in his perform- ' and the evidence of a exercise of a window pendent mind, and the results of a careful and intelligently-directed study of the author whose creations he endeavours to interpret. His faults are probably referable the school. in which he was trained, and may not appear to be such to those who are habitually accustomed to the oratory, rhetoric, and loss tion of speakers and actors in the United States. We are led to make this remark because we have observed the same peculiarities, which we regard as objectionable in Mr. Buchanan, in almost every American actor or - eminence whose performances we ever witnessed, either in this colony or in England. The faults we refer to are the following-a tendency to preach, and to be solemnly didactic ia conversational passages and soliloquies ; a proneness to emphasize insignificant consonants, personal pronouns, and unimportant monosyllables, and a general habit of what musicians would call " sustaining a note which was never intended to be some more: as. for example, in the following. passages, which he. Sduianan gives as we have answered them "Till thou art sticking my seasonal," and " Weare a-r him in my heart's coroners." To an English year closes tionary errors of the kind are very painful ; but it may be that among our-kin- dred in the Great Western Republic these defects are considered to be excellences, and, if so, we cannot blame Mr. Buchanan for adhering to them. Throughout the whole play there was art exhibition of uniformly sustained power on the part of the leading tragedian. This was especially evident in both the interviews with w hichHamlet isfavouredby the communicative ghost of his deceased papa; in the play-scene (which was most effectively wrought up to it's climax) in the soliloquy which follows the rehearsal by the players; in Hamlet's colloquy with Ophelia, in the first scene of the third act, and in his conversation with his mother. To the by-play of the piece Mr. Buchanan is particularly attentive, and many of the points which he makes are entirely new, albeit they sure not all of them judicious. Having thus spoken very freely of what we conceive to he faulty as well as commendable in Mr. Buchanan's mode of elocution and style of acting, it is only just to add that his reception by a well-filled house was most enthusiastic; that he frequently elicited vehe- ment expressions of applause, and was twice called before the curtain to acknowledge the approbation of the audience. The general cast of the piece was very good. Mrs. Charles Young as the Queen, Mr. R. Younge as the Ghost, Mr. Sefton as Horatio, and Mr. Leslie as Polonius, were all deserving of particular commendation. Mr. Buchan an appears this evening in the character of Evelyn, in Sir E. B. Lytton's comedy of " Money." 