THE DROWNED, ALIVE. I was once so deeply drowned, That when the drag my body found, 'Twas void of motion, void of breath, And to sensation dead as death. In a languid summer mood, Lo, I plunge into a flood That to the low sun's slanting beams Gleameth only quiet gleams. Such a flood as one would say Could never, or by night or day, Have drenched a man's warm life away. But what are these, down in its bed, That trail so long and look so red, Moving as in living sport-- Are they weeds of curious sort? I will dive to them, and see Into all their mystery. Down I dive.--A plenteous crop! Some shall with me to the top: Here there is too dim a light To show their character aright. I wind them round my arms, intent To root them up in my ascent. But they resist me, and again I tug them with a stronger strain. Full well they hold their own! Well, I Must leave them--But in vain I try! Fierce as lightning on my brain Smites the truth--I try in vain! More and more in coils and flakes, Like long blood-red water snakes, The deadly things around me clasp, The more I tug, the more they grasp! My pent breath, growing hot and thin, Explodes with a long booming din, While through my unclenched teeth the wave Comes gulphing!--Is there none to save? Wild as vain my struggles grow: Horror! horror! is it so? Hope gives up her ghost. Despair! And as a fish dies in the air, In its element deep drowned I am dying: all around The long red weeds are looking grey As life bubbles fast away. And now, while sullen drummings make My spirit through mine ears to ake, Memories strangely interwrought With all I ever felt and thought; Hidden fancies that for years Deeper than the source of tears Have bided, like rare gems that gleam Bedded in some Indian stream; Taking instantaneous wings, With a million other things, All at once together press Through my drowning consciousness! All in the same instant so Do they come and do they go: Leaving one sole thought to reign Over all my failing brain-- Full of pity, full of pain! One sole thought of how my doom Must wrap my mother in its gloom, And give my sire to hold his breath For anguish, hearing of my death, And wound one fond heart to the core In the wide world evermore. Lastly a drear stupor, blent With a cold comfortless content, Kneads as into bloodless clay Body and mind. Thus drenched away, Even without a gasp for breath, Life stagnates into life in death. Ah, what thrilling, thrilling pain Kindles through my heart and brain! Ah, those sudden beams of light, They fall like firebrands on my sight! Ah, what vast and heavy world Is all at once upon me hurled, Massing into its immense Oppression, every tortured sense! Ah, I now remember well How my sudden fate befell! Are we then, in death's cold thrall, Conscious of our funeral? But where are they who most should mourn When my bier is graveward borne? Where the crape-trimm'd followers all? Where the coffin and the pall? Or do death and nature strive Within me? Is the drowned alive? CHARLES HARPUR. i REDUCTION OF POSTAGE ON LETTERS FOR VICTORIA. On and from the 7th November, the postage on letters addressed-to the colony of Victoria, whether conveyed by packet or private ship will be again reduced to fld., when not exceeding half an ounce in weight; ls. when exceeding half an ounce and not exceeding one ounce ; and so on, increasing ls. for each ounce or fraction of an ounce. This postage will include both the British and Colonial rates, and it may be paid in advance, or : the letters may bo forwarded unpaid, at the option of the sender.-Times, November 7. ! TESTIMONIAL TO GENERAL WINDHAM.-The inhabitants of his native county (Norfolk) have determined upon showing their admiration of Major-General Windham's distinguished services in the assault on the Bedan, by presenting him with a testimonial. They have opened a subscription, which already amounts to upwards of £300. Several noblemen and gentlemen have presented liberal donations ; among them is the Earl of Leicester, Lord-Lieutenant of tho county, who has presented £60. THE SOUND DUES.-According to a letter from Berlin ef the 1st, in the Post Ampt Gazette of Frankfort, the Danish Government perceives that its project for abolish- ing the Sound dues on payment of an indemnity equal to their value will encounter insurmountable obstacles ; and it therefore proposes to render them less onerous, by allowing commercial ships to pay them to tho Danish Consuls in the Baltic ports from which they may have to sail, instead of having to stop in the Sound.-Times, November 7. AN ANCIENT INKBRITANCE.-The Chevalier Legrain, one of the richest lords of the marquisate of Namur in the reign of Philip the Good, having been made prisoner at; the~ time of the , siege of Bovignes, in 1455, by the Dilke of Beaufort, consented to abandon to his con- queror, by way of ransom, the considerable property which he possessed in the province, but on condition that tho estates should revert to his natara! heirs nt the expiration of 400 years. Documents proving this ces- sion for four centuries exist in the archiex es of the pro- vince of Namur, and the perspective pos;es*ion of the property, has been carefully handed down in the family of the Chevalier. The expiration of the 400 years takes place this year, and the pretenders to the inheritance, who now form legions of descendants and collaterals, have just' commenced the necessary proceedings for coming into possession of the property. One of the descendants of Legrain is .said to possess a genealogy sufficiently clear, to prove his being the direct heir.-Times., COMMODOEE ELLIOTT.-The United Service Gazette, following in tho path of the Times and other journals, insists that the extraordinary conduct of Commodore Elliott in permitting the escape of the Hussion squadron from Castries Bay ( North Pacific), must, for the honour of the "meteor flog of England," be made tho subject of acomt martial, as "it is not possible that proceedings of ss grave a nature, which seriously impugn-the watch- fulness, zeal, and ranch more which we forbear to men- tion of a British officer, should be permitted to remain uninvestigated." Our contemporary rejects as unsatis- factory the plea that Commodore Elliott stood out to sea for the purpose, of drawing the Russians from their posi- tion, and declares that the ' matter shall not drop until the commodore's conduct has been thoroughly sifted by a naval court martial. 