CARDINAL WISEMAN'S ADDRESS. {From the Times, ith December.) THE Antigone of Sophocles was acted a few years back ; in London.] Che original Greek wa« r-ndered respect- ably enough into English ; the costumes were copied from the most -trustworthy authorities ; the spice usually devoted ' to the orchestra and a portion of the pit had been assigned for the evolutions of the chorus; the acing was above mediocrity, and yet the repre- sentation wa* asinnal failure. The re-tson was obvious enough. There was not a single fibre, a Bingle nerve, in the bodies or minds of any one of the spectators which vibrated, not to say in unison, but in harmony with tho emotions of an ancient Greek. Our old friend Cardinal Wiseman is at the present moment fol- lowing in the footsteps of the enterprising manager. His répertoire does not,' inneed, comprise Prome'heus, or thc lheban Chiefs, Odipus or J casta, Medea or Ion. He is a manager of the romantic, not of the classing school. His Jupiter Scapin thunders from the Vatican. He drapes hin-.self with the terrors of an Innocent or o Julius, and calls upon us to bow down before pontifical shadows *hichhave been long since dismissed from the category of English belief. We ara not living in the r.ign of Henry VII,-of his son we speak not, for drdinal Wiseman was then out cf date,-but of Q teen Victoria. As far as Bngland is concerned, it would be as rational to get up an agitation for the Druids, and to propose the combustión of Dr. Cum- ming arid Mr. Spooner in wicker images constructed for the purpose, as to denounce us for not bowing the knee to Home. We Bpnke just now of Cardinal Wiseman as of a theatrical manager who had mis'hken his line of representation ; he is still more like a masquerader caught on his return home by the tell- tale sun. The pastoral cr-iok, the flowing robes, the false beard, the highly- rouged cheek, did all very well by gaslight, when the assistants had agreed to a com- promise between the present and the past ; but at 5 o'clock in the morning, b-neath the piazz \ of Covent garden, when the ruddy market-gardeners of A.D. 18-55 are tossing about happy realities in the shape of sound-hearted cabbiges-wnen the wall fl iwers smell sweet in the baskets of the flower-girls when the streets resound with the cries of the early venders of milk whioh is meant to be drunk, and cf actual sweeps who purpose hweepng actual chimneys which are foul with bona fide s lot-the fa'se Cardinal, the mummer, the masquerader, slinks alODg like a vulgar ghost. What have real men, in whose veinB life is bubbling and dancing, to do with shadow«, such as these? But what if this mummer should call upon UR to desist from our usual and wholesome occupa'ions whil* be convinced us that the world ought to ga back four centuries, that the present was the past, and that our only cnurso was to bow our necks to chains which our wiser ancestors rent asunder and cast behind them, in their own names and in the name of theil posterity, for ever ? Such was Cardinal Wiseman's p tsicion when, on the night of Sunday last, from the pulpit of the Riman Catholic Cnurch of St Mary's, Moorfields, he addressed his audience in favor of the Aus'rian Concordat. Hts vindication of thii notable measure was, of COUD?, but another word foi abuse of England and things English, and, above all of " that tide, that torrent of Anti-Catholic feelinf which seemed to be spreading like a deluge over thii land." The excitement, according to the Cardinal arises simply from a misunderstanding as to the naturi of the.case. Ic his been made one of public interest whereas it is tn reality " a dotni-Btic affair of C >tholics' -a kind of little fa xi il y arrangement, with whicl strangers have no ooncern. . * Had there been two consecutive sentences of reason ing ? or argument in Cardinal Wiseman's addrtss, w could have met them by corresponding and, we vi-n ture to think, by /upsrior arguments. Two-thirds c the ad dr sa, however, consist of a pompous announce meat " that he is going to begin." and when his Esoi nence has bi-gun, of course be will make mincemeat c his antagonists. We read en, not without great ex pectsti 'n ; but the worthy cardinal is lika one c Homer's gortB,-he possesses the art of disappearin from the scene and vanishing into empty air at th critical moment. After more than one perusal, w pledge ourselves to the statement that the sing'e urgu ment contained ia it is this : -Tue C JUC rdat betwee Austria, and Home is a wise and politic measur calculated to promote the interests of Cnristisn Euro; in general and of the Austrian dominions in psi ticular, and it was agreed upon after long coasultaiic between the Emperor and fte Pope. Theie has bec gr^ar. agi'a.ion against it in this country, which iv, necessarily without foundation, because we obj ct« to it at once. " Though two years were spent in drat lng it up and perfecting it," said the Cardinal, " was not two hours in the hands of a newepap editor before he, to whom the subject w altogether new, with a dashing and a fl J wit pen, wr ite an indignant art ete, blowing the who thing to pieces." The Cor.cordat waa, no doubt, new thing-new to unhappy Austria, ne w to Fronci The ancient monarchs of those countries had «pe! their beBt energies in struggling against the monstroi provisions which ic contains. We and our forefathe in England have been acquainted with them from tl times of thomas a'B cKett to our own; and Bon throe centuries back they decided that no for- i¡ priest should tithe i.-r f ll in England-that m Engli subject should withhold hi* allegiance from his naci Priuce to bestow it u;ion an Italian Bishop. Althoug God be th .liked, we have little knowledge here of ¡ Inquisition such as that which is established in ti tumrian Concordat, we know very well that, preciss three centuries ago, under precisely a similar jurisdi tion, martyrs wero burnt a', a distance often minute walk from the spot on which these lines are written, we would know what the censorship of books m accomplish in extinguishing the light of Jt human intellect, wo need only turn to Spain, to Ital above all, to Rome. There is nst, in point of fact, single provision in the Concordat which has not s tively eng ged the attention of Europe for many oe I turitB psst It needs no long cogitations to arrive the conclusion that the young bigot to whose unwo thy hands the temporary destiny of so maa) provine h-.s been entrusted has sold his people body and so to a tyranny against which his predecessors, bigot as many of them were, bad resisted to the death. Notedly in foreign countries, but ia the AustrL provinces, far more than in foreign countries, the e citeraent against this juggle of Pope tad Emperor intense. In Bohemia, so famous for itu religio struggles when the rest of Europe lay prostrate befo the Homan Pontiff, the voice of free discussion h never been silenced, the brilliant light of recs never quenohed. In the hereditary Duchies i rt-spect is lost for the tenants of those luxurio monasteries which are scattered along the cout of the Danube. The country folk ttll you strati stories of the doings of theBe holy men. In conu on all sides, sive on the eas', with civiliz ition a; thought, is that fair portion of Europa vetieh is koot as the Austrian dominions to be reduced to the co ditton in which Spiiu has for many centuries ht held ? What ? Europe not know che cmst-quenc of the provisions contained in this Concordat ! In t Spanish Peninsula we see the reBult before our eyi The reader will not regret to see the words in whi the eloquent historian Prescott, in his recent Life Philio IL, describes the event of such a polijy : - " Spain might now boast that the stain of heresy longer defiled the hem of her garment. But ac wha price was this purchased ! Not merely by the sac flee of _ the lives and fortunes of a few thousands the existing gen ration, but by the disastrous cu sequences entailed for ever on the country. Fold uiuer the dark wing of the I'.quieiiic apain was shut out from the light which in the 1Ü century broke over tba rest of Europe, stimulating t nations to greater enterprise in cv ly department knowledge. The genius of the pr opie waa tebuk and their spirit quenched under tue ma'¡go ant ii fl ence of an eye that never slumbered, of an unseen ai ever raised to strike. How could there be freedom thought where there was' no freedom of utterance, freedom of utterance where it was as dangerous say too little as too much? Freedoa cannot go ¿lol with fe»- Every way tile mind of the Spaniard was in fetters !" For Spain, read Austria, and apply this passage to the future, not to the past, and it may read an*a warn- ing; by an Austrian subject of the present day. The shifty Cardinal may be very sure that knowledge is nc wanting when we pronounce upon his Concordat. Wherever there are, tbree men, two. of them laymen and the third a Roman priest, the nature ol such a document is perfectly understood. 