THE NORTH AUSTRALIAN. IPSWICH, TUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1858. Oan readers will observe by a report of a meeting held at Tenterfield ou the 5th of lust month, and which appears iii another part of j this paper, that several of the inhabitants of that very important and influential (!) township. ' with some of the settlers in the neighbourhood, met for the purpose of taking into cousidera- , tiou the subject of Separation from the Middle District. Mr. Kino presided on the occasion, I and for some reason or other deemed it his duty to intimate that it was no 'hole and corner meeting' as the notices, had actually been posted eight days previously in ail the public places. Why the worthy chairman should have considered it necessary to express any doubt as to the bona fide character of this ' Anti Separation demonstration is best known to himself, and to those who took part in it. j The principal spouter at the meeting was that ' quaint, elderly geutlemen, Mr. Robert Mes-| ton, who formerly did the editing of the Moreton Bay Free Press during his residence in Brisbane. This antique specimen of the good old tory school made, however, but a poor fist of it ; he knows more about sheep than politics; that is, if we may test his ability by the curious arguments used by him in support of the Anti-Separation movement at Tenterfield. It is really laughable to find a man of his reputed experience, — the oracle, too, of the Teiiterfield district, —pointing out the dismemberment of Port Phillio. aud its subsemient nroeress in wealth and population, as an argument against the erection of the northern dis tricts into a separate colony.' He must be a very simple-minded man, indeed, to imagine that reasoning of this kind will go down with men of sense, or that many words are needed for its refutation. In filet, we can glean nothing either from the observations of Mr. Meston, or from those of the other speakers, that tends to damage the Separa tion cause, or to shake our faith in the soundness of the arguments which have been urged over and over again in its favour. Mr. Meston and his coadjutors are, however, at petfect liberty to offer any opposition to the views of the vast majority of the inhabitants of these northern districts they may think proper ; but until they can furnish better reasons for their attempt to thwart the Sepa ration movement, we hope and trust that they will not succeed in their obiect. By-the,-by, what has become of the petition prepared by Dr. Lanq, and adopted by the public meetings held in Brisbane and Ipswich in January lastJ Surely it is high time, after the announcement in . the -Herald that the British Cabinet had no intention at present of severing this pai't of the colony from the Middle District, that the inhabitant house holders should again bestir themselves, and take such steps as the urgency of the occasion im peratively demands. Our enemies display activity everywhere, while we remain listless, and apparently careless of the opposition and the wiles of the anti- separatiomsts, both in Sydney and in a portion of the outlying districts. The question must be again brought forward, and agitated with greater resolution than ever, or success will not immediately attend our efforts.____________ It will be seen by the correspondence pub lished in another part of this journal, that an answer to the memorial of the inhabitants, praying that a moiety of the Immigrants by the Phoebe Dunbar should be forwarded, on their arrival, to this town, has been received from His Excellency the Governor General ; and that the application was favourably en tertained as an experiment, "to be repeated only should it be attended with success." This communication was forwarded by His Excellency. to the Government Resident, and is so far satisfactory, inasmuch as the authorities have now admitted that it is ex pedient for the sake of 'experiment,' to es tablish an Immigration Depot in the town. One cannot fail, however, to discern that there is a sort of 'murmuring reluctance' on the part of the authorities, plainly evinced by the Government Resident's letter, to do us full justice in this matter; but which, con sidering the quarter it emanates from, excites no surprise. It is certainly true, that the immigrants had arrived before the memorial reached the Governor General; but we may, perhaps, be permitted to question the accuracy of the statement that three-fourths of the new-comers had been already hired before the answer was received ; for circumstances have come to our knowledge within the last two days, which lead us to believe such statement to be incorrect. Be this, however, as it may, there will be no excuse now for further delay in making the neccessary temporary provision for a moiety of the immigrants expect to arrive by the Persia, as the Government Resident is bound to carry out His Excellency's in- tentions in this respect. The principle having been admitted, and the expediency of the immigrants being forwarded her, having been acknowledged; we see no reason, nor even the ghost of a reason, why the Government Resident, when the course he ought to pursue is so plainly pointed out to him, should deem it necessary "to await further instructions upon the subject." It is nothing but right and proper that arrangements should at once be completed for the accommodation of the next batch of immigrants in this town the moment they arrive; and we shall not fail of using our best exertions to thwart any attempt that may be made, either by delay or otherwise, to de- prive us of the boon so promptly conceded by the GOVERNOR GENERAL.___________ We beg to call the attention of titsmamen? and other patties intettflted,-to tiieuaVcrtioe meut announcing that a public meeting will be held ou Friday week next, to devise such measures as may then be downed expedient for the protection of sound flocks of sheep iu the district against being infected with the disease known as catarrh. It is expected tliat. owing to the first importance of the subject, there will be. a numerous attendanoo of gentle-; men engaged in pastoral pursuits. 