POLICE COURTS. Port Adelaide : Friday, May 2. [Before Mr. H. Chambers.] Charles Barry, seaman, one of the crew of the barge Lady Young, was charged with having two silver watches in liis possession, and being unable to give a satisfactory account of the circumstances snder which he became possessed of the same, lie was apprehended as a deserter from his ship, and in one of nis bundles were found, among other things, the articles mentioned. His state ment to the apprending constable of the circumstances under which he became possessed of them being incon sistent, he was brought to the Station by that officer. ; As a Mrs. Putney informed the Bench that she had given the watches to the prisoner to have him convey them to a friend of hers, Hi* Worship discharged the prisoner, ' cautioning him to be more frank and explicit on any future occasion when similar suspicion might attach to : his conduct. Adelaide: Monday, May 5, Without a Hoite.—Henrietta Bailey pleaded guilty to the charge of being found about the streets unable to give a satisfactory account of herself. She said she had no place to go to—that she had lost her place of service in the country. The Magistrate directed her to apply to the Destitute Board for relief, and cautioned her against wandering about the streets at unseasonable hours. Uztsuszaihsd Charge of Theft.—William Batter was charged on suspicion with stealing from the person of Bridget Kearney a £50 note and three sovereigns, at the Port, on Sunday last. Prosecutrix stated that the prisoner occupied a seat in the railway carriage she rode in going down to the Port on Sunday afternoon, about 4 o'clock. She bad a £50 Bank note, the number of which she believed was 9377. She had besides three sovereigns, and was certain she had the whole safe when she left the train at the Port. About a quarter of an hour afterwards, as 6hc was about to take her seat to return to Adelaide, she missed the money. As she went to get her ticket she was surroundsd by a great many persons; but did not see the prisoner there. She gave the alarm, and the police searched but did not find the money. Mr. R. B. Andrews cross-examined the prose eutrix, who 6tated that there were nine persons in the carriage altogether, and that she left the carriage, having the money in her possession, before the prisoner. The suspicion against the prisoner was excited chiefly because the money found upon him corresponded with a similar amount of silver money which she had in her purse at the time it was taken away. By the Court—The money was in a pocket on the right side of her dress, and there were two females, present in Court, sitting one on each side of her. Bridget Neil, a young girl living in service in King William-street, was at the Railway Station with the prosecutrix and the prisoner. The former got into the crowd and went into the office for tickets. There were a thousand people or more; wit ness was nearly " kilt" herself. When the prose cutrix came out of the office she said, ''My £50 note is gone." By the Court—The prisoner came into the carriage with them. He sat opposite to witness and prosecutrix. Saw the prisoner pass his hand down the prosecutrix's clothes on her pocket ride. That was as they were going down to -the Port. He caught her frock like—her dress—her pocket side. He was sitting > on the right hand ride. Did not mean to say before that he was sitting opposite. (Laughter.) He was opposite. (Repeated laughter.) Well, to be sure, I will tell you if I can. He was sitting by her side, and I was on her other side. By Mr. Andrews—Ladies always wear their pocketson the right handside, unless there isanewfashion come up.. I wear mine on the right side. It opens from behind, and no man could put bis hand into it from before : me. Ladies'pockets generally open frombehind. I did not seeliim puthishand in the pocket; lie only seemed tobe feel ing her dress. Hehad been playing withherparosolbefore. He was joking with her. Their knees were close toge ther all the while. What made him touch her dress was that he droppod the parasol. Jc fell by Iter, and he stooped to pick it up. As he drew it up again he touched her dres6. That was five or sis minutes before they got to the Port, and when they got there she said she felt her note all safe. Mary Edmunds, a girl of fourteen, said she went to the Port with Miss Kearney. The prisoner came into the carriage after tliem, with three women. He Bat opposite to Miss Kearney, and took her parasol from her. He dropped it, and as he picked it np began pulling her dress about He was sitting next to Miss Neil. When they got to the Port Miss Kearney went into the office for tickets, and was away about a quarter of an hour. There were lots of people round her. Mr. B. B. Andrews submitted that there was no case to justify a commitment. His Worship agreed. The whole of the evidence referred to the journey down to the Port, and the prosecutrix admitted that on her arrival there her money was all safe. The prosecutrix, being recalled, said she could not possibly swear to the money pro duced; she could only say that the amount was the same. Mr. B. B. Andrews mentioned that the prisoner was an old and respectable man, a master blacksmith, and perfectly well known is Adelaide. His Worship ! said he did not doubt it; there was really no evidence against him. The prosecutrix, again addressing the Bench, said she rather suspected another man who was with her in the carriage. The case was dismissed, RbmajtbED Chasge of Tbeft.—Beaumont Mon tague was brought up on remand, charged with stealing a handkerchief^ but the prosecutor did not appear. He ( was sent back to gaol to await the sittings of the Cri minal Court, having already been committed for the i- l.h. ry at the Company's Mill; as also for attempting to obtain goods under false pretences. A DaaADFcmDisiGfiBAjrcs.—John Wal*h was charged j with i felonious assault upon Catherine Driscoll. The prosecutor stated that her husband was at the Dry Creek Stockade, and that she had been living with the | prisoner for the last fen months. On Thursday or Fri day afternoon, she could not say which, they h'od some words about another woman whom he had brought into ; the house, and he shuck ber most severely over the i bead, neck, and body, using an axe and a broom-handle 1 as his weapons. The evidence of the police was to the I effect that the woman was rery drunk at the time, but her face showed sufficiently the violence to which she i had been subjected. The case was adjourned to Wed Assault rtoir a Constable.—John Walth was again placed at the bar, and charged, in company with 2far 1 garet JTefty, with a felonious assault npon John Beotley, , a trooper in the Mounted Police. The prosecutor, whose j appearance attested the roughness of his usage, deposed that- on Saturday evening he was out on duty, and went to Mrs. Drifcoll's house, in Brown-street, to gain further evidence. Saw the male prisoner, and asked him if Mrs. Driscoll were at home. He asked what he wanted of i her, and whether he had come from the Creek. Replied i id the affirmative. Walsh said she was not at home, then, : but would be in directly, and asked him to come inside. | Margaret Kelly and three or four other women were 1 there. Walsh soon began to abuse him, squaring up to him, and calling him a trap, with several insulting epithets. Told him to be careful and not to strike him, a8 he was a police-constable on duty. Produced a life preserver, ana endeavoured to get out of the place, but : the woman would not let him go. Raised his life-pre server, and at that moment the prisoner Kelly went behind him. Was looking round at her, and Walsh ; struck him a^ violent blow in the face. Kelly caught him bv the hair and held his head hack. She wrenched the life-preserver from liis^ hand, and threatened to i fcilj him. She struck him^ a blow with it on the side of his head, which penetrated to the bone. They then got him down on the ground; and struck him several blows. Could not speak to each blow, but could swear that one of them was fro n the hand of Walsh. It was on the other side of his head, and it laid open the bone. The women cried out with oaths, 44 Kill the trap." Walsh answered "I will," and struck at him again. CouldTemcmbcr no more, but knew he got out somehow, and returned to the barracks in a very weak state. By the prisoner Walsh— No disagreement had arisen between us about a woman. I did not strike you first. I struck you afterwards in self defence. Sergcont-Major Hall deposed that he went to Mrs. Driscoll's hou«e on Sunday, in company with Bentley, who identified Walsh and Kelly. Took them into custody. Found Benlley's cap and life-preserver upon a shelf in the bock room. Walsh said he took the latter from the girl Kelly. Had some difficulty in getting Walsh to the Station. He was very violent, and used most insulting language. The prisoners were remanded to Wednesday. Charge of Rape.—John Knox, grocer, Rundle-street, was charged with a rape upon Margaret Doyle, a young girl who had been living in his service. He was defended by Mr. R. B. Andrews. The prosecutrix stated that on Friday evening she was engaged in the kitchen in bottling beer, when her master came down and took her by both shoulders. She desired him to desist, but he persisted, and effected his purpose. In the course of her examination she fainted, and was carried out of Court. Mary Lugg, wife of James Nicholas Lugg, upholsterer, Bent Street, had known the prosecutrix from about No- vember last. On Saturday morning she said something about Mr. Knox, to which witness did not pay much attention. She came into the parlour about 8 o'clock. Was rather astonished, as she had seen her very ill the night before at Mr. Knox's. Had business at the shop on Friday evening, and saw the prosecutrix over the bannisters leading to the kitchen. Saw her but slightly, and she might not have been aware of it. When she called the next morning she took some breakfast. She said she was going to the Magistrate to make a complaint against Mr. Knox. She said that Mr. Knox had annoyed her. Could not speak to the precise words. They were to that effect. Did not understand exactly that she meant to charge him with rape. Believed the word she used was that he had insulted her. She came again about 3 o'clock and said she had seen several gentlemen, who told her to attend at the Poiice-Office on Monday morning. She said she was in the kitchen bottling beer when Mr. Knox came and took her by the shoul- ders. She screamed and lost her senses, for she recollected nothing more. Inferred from what she said that she intended to make a charge of rape. By Mr. R. B. Andrews—The girl Boyle formerly lived with wit- ness. She was subject to a kind of spasm in the stomach, but did not become delirious. Had no recollection of seeing her flighty. One night she called witness and her husband up to turn a ghost out of her room. She said afterwards that one of her arms had got asleep and cold, and had been lying across her face, and so thought it was a ghost touching her. Did not discharge her on that account. When she called on Saturday morning she said nothing about Mr. Knox till witness asked her where she was going. It was between 8 and 9 o'clock. She said she had taken some tea already, but did not mention her having had an egg. Mr. Knox sent for witness between 5 and 6 o'clock on Friday evening, and asked her to try and pacify the girl by speaking to her. The girl said she had been bottling beer, but that she had not drunk any. Mr. and Mrs. Knox and Master Knox were present. The girl was sitting on a jar in the kitchen. Spoke to her, but she did not answer intelligibly. She did not appear to recognise her at first, but afterwards she said, "Oh, I know Mrs. Lugg." Did not hear she had been vomiting, but too much colonial beer would have been very likely to have made her do so. She said, "Oh, I love Mrs. Lugg, and I want to see her." They could not gather anything from her ravings, and at length Mr. Knox sent for a policeman. He also sent for Dr. Gosse. Witness's husband came in about the same time. The reason the policeman was sent for was that the girl was supposed to be a dan- gerous lunatic. She had always before that spoken in the best of terms of Mr. and Mrs. Knox. Had known Mrs. Knox for some time as a neighbour, and as a most respectable person. Did not hear the girl make any complaint to Mrs. Knox. Witness's house did not lie in her way to the Police Station. She seemed in the morning as if she had recovered from the previous night's excitement. She was certainly not sane the night before. Did not understand till after the girl returned from the Police-office that she meant to charge Mr. Knox with a rape. The prosecutrix being recalled, said, in answer to Mr. R. B. Andrews, that she remem- bered the ghost story. Was quite aware now that it was only her own arm. Drank no beer on Friday night except half a glass or so to taste it. Did not drink half a glass from each of the bottles. Was made sick by the fright she got. Her mind was all turned. Had bottled plenty of beer at Mrs. Lugg's, but not on the night of the ghost. Had lived eight weeks with Mr. Knox, but had no cause to complain of him before. He was a very nice man. He would occa- sionally catch hold of her by the shoulders, but nothing to complain of. Thought it was only in play, or when he wanted to put her out or his way. Slept pretty soundly on Friday night, but woke with her head being bad. Mrs. Knox was a very good woman, but rather hasty. Besides that, she was very deaf, and she (witness) did not like to speak to her on such a subject. Was just coming out of the store-room near the kitchen when the prisoner committed the offence. The name of the next neighbour is Mrs. Bell. She keeps several servants, but they cannot hear from one kitchen to the other. The door from the kitchen was open at the time. Screamed awfully at the time of the assault. Did not tell all about it to Mrs. Lugg; people do not like to talk of such things. Called with the intention of telling her, but could not make up her mind to do so. Had seen Mr. Knox at breakfast and said she would punish him. Shouted it out loudly in the presence of all of them. The words she used were,"I will punish the old villain." Repeated them several times. Mrs. Knox brought her some tea and said, "Take this, Margaret, your master says it will do you good." Replied, "Oh yes; I'll do him good—never fear; for he has done me good." Believed he bad given her some- thing injurious. Perhaps Mrs. Knox might not have heard what she said, as she is very deaf; but she shouted loudly enough for any body to hear. Did not tell Mrs. Knox she was poisoned. Wanted to punish her master, for she believed he meant to punish her; and her character was all she had to depend upon. Wanted to clear her character. Did not think her mas- ter meant to bring her up for stealing his beer. Mr. R. B. Andrews said the whole case depended entirely upon the credibility of the young woman. The prisoner was a tradesman in a highly respectable position, and there was no evidence whatever to support the state- ment of the girl, who was evidently intoxicated on the evening in question. Even by her own admission, the doors were open, and it seemed most impro- bable that her screams would have been un- heard. His Worship feared he had no alternative but to commit, as the offence was positively sworn to. No doubt the circumstances referred to by Mr. Andrews would have their full weight with a Jury. He asked Mr. Knox if he wished to make any statement. Mr. Knox said he should decline doing so for the present, as anything he might say would be unsupported. Only one side of the story had been heard as yet. When the proper time came he should be provided with evidence. His Worship held him to bail to answer the charge at the approaching sessions, two gentlemen of good stand- ing in Rundle-street becoming sureties for his ap- pearance. Port Adelaide : Moitdat, May 5. [Before Mr. H. Chambers, Special Magistrate.] Remanded Assault Case.—David Edward* appeared on remand on the charge of assaulting Mary Morris, who stated, in reply to the questions of Mr. James, that she resides on the Swamp, about a quarter of a mile from Edwards's. She did not take up a knife, nor any thing else, when in his house. She did not threaten him, and was quiet. Before he poshed her out of doors she had not said anything to exasperate him. She struck him with a knife three times after he had i truck her with the arc. When she recovered consciousness she found herself prostrate on the ground. There was no one present when she struck defendant with the knife. By Mr. Boykett—She did not strike the first blow. Mr. James called, for the defence, Adam Petheridge, who stated that on the day of the assault he was in a house within five yards of the defendant's house. He heard a noise outside of the house of the prosecutrix. Came out to the door, and saw prosecutrix throw a knife at defendant's head. It was a clean knife. By Mr. Boykett—The knife was not very clean or bright, bat was a little rusty. They had been quarrelling four or five minutes before he came out to the door. He came in immediately after prosecutrix struck defendant with the knife. The defendant was fined 40s. and costs for a common assault. Serious Charge.—A case against cne of the crew of the Nova Bella, for an unnatural crime alleged to have been committed on the voyage from England, was heard in the Magistrate's private room: bat the evidence not supporting the charge to the fall extent, the prisoner was remanded till-Tuesday, in order that, if necessary, an information for an indecent assault might be laid against him. Adelaide : Tuesday, May 6. Master and Servaht.—Stephen Morfu was charged with being drunk and neglecting his duty as a servant to Mr. Mahony, a baker. The Magistrate informed Mr. Mahony that an information most be laid under the Masters and Servants Act as to that part of the charge relating to neglect of duty. Summary jurisdiction would be exercised in the matter of drunkenness, and he should fine Morfa 5s. An Old Grievance.—.FVtx new Robinson was charged on the complaint of his wife with deserting her on the 28th of April, at Jfindmarsb. The prosecutrix by her statement led the Magistrate to understand that: she did not wish to charge him with desertion, but he had threatened to turn her out of a cottage belonging to him, and where he had hitherto allowed her to live; and,. be sides, for three weeks he had not afforded licr any main tenance. She described the means of defendant as amounting to upwards of £4 or £5 a week. The Magis trate made an order on defendant topay complainant 15s. a week, and to pay the costs of this case. An endeavour on the part of the Magistrate to induce the complainant and defendant to live comfortably together was met by a rambling statement of the former that "Robinson was too fond of Wullis's to do that; he only wanted her away that he might have his lady to live with him; and he had not attended the Wcsleyon Chapel more than twice during the last five months." The Magistrate in terfered, and said he had heard sufficient on the several occasions the parties had been before him to induce Mm t© cautio i complainant not to annoy defendant, or she in turn might have to visit the Court as defendant. Port Adelaide: Tuesday, May 6. [Before 3tr. EL Chambers.] Serious Charge.—JoTian Koch, a seaman on board the Nova Bel'a, was committed to the Supreme Court by the Magistrate, in his private room, upon an adjourned hearing of a charge of having attempted: to commit an unnatural crime during the voyage of that vessel from London to this Port ASKXATDB : WSD2TSSD1T, Mit 7. Re&iaKded; Ca£Bb of Assxttxt.—John WaUh was charged with feloniously assaulting Catherine Dris^ coll. Dr. Thomas stated that he .was called in to examine tlie prosecutrix May 5th. She was bruised aboat the face, and a wound iu the crown of the head had penetrated through the skin nearly to the bone. There was also a wound on the right eyebrow which had penetrated the skin; also I a discolouration of the throat, and evidence of a blow having been made on the chest. By the Court—The wound on the head was about an inch long. It was'not a dangerous wound, but n.iclit have caused erysipelas. The weapon produced would hare caused the woands. Had the blow on the eye been a little lower it might have caused the loss of the eye. William Rounsevell stated that on the previous Thursday he saw a female in Brown-street putting herself in an attitude of fighting. The prisoner was coming out of some cottages with an axe in his hand, which he dropped by a wall when he I saw witness. A crowd was collecting. Saw that I the female's head was bleeding. Informed Inspector j Reid, whom he saw there, aud drove on. By the | Com!—When he first saw the prisoner she was on priva'e land, on the opposite side of the street to the : prisoner. Grace Green, wife of Livewell Green, la bourer, lived next door to the prosecutrix. Was at home on Thursday evening and heard anoise. Recognised the i voices* of the prosecutrix and the prisoner. Went out and saw the prisoner running alter the prosecutrix with the aze produced. Did not see him strike her, but she i soon returned. The blood was flowing from her head. 1 She had no wound on the eye at that time, but in the evening she had. Knew the axe because her husband put some nails in the handle. By the prisoner—You could hare struck toe prosecutrix without my seeing it, because of the house between me and you. The priso- I ner's statement was as follows:—I have lived with this ! woman for the last ten months. Unfortunately every time she gets drunk I seem to get into trouble. I have been fined twice and confined once on that account On the previous Thursday she was speechless drunk, and railing me all the highway-robbers she could lay her tongae to. Mr. Rounsevell sent Mr. Reid and Stuart ; up. I had struck her with a washhand basin. Mr. Reid asked her if I had struck her with an axe. She said yes, aud then no. lie asked her if she would give Titm in charge. She said yes. Mr. Reid said I must put on my coat and go with him. She said I 6hould not. Mr. Reid said if she did not give me in charge he could not take me. She went outside the house, and I fol lowed her to fetch her in. In doing so she ran her head against the brick-work of the house. The prisoner was committed for trial at the Sapreme Cou't. —John Waleb. and Margaret Kelly were then charged on remand with feloniously assaulting John Bentley the previous Saturday evening. Dr. Thomas deposed to his having seen Bentlej on the 4th instant. He had two black eyes, and two contused wounds on the forehead, each about two inches in circumference, with cuts in the centre about half an inch long. Both had penetrated the skin, one of them nearly to theb^ne. There was also a wound on the cheek, and a few scratches on the skin. The wounds might have been caused by a weapon similar to the life-preserver produced. The prisoner Walsh made the following statement:—On Saturday night, Mr. Bentley came to my place about 8 o'clock. I was sitting on my own door-sill. He asked me if Mrs. Driscoll was there. Told him no, and asked him what he wanted with her. He said he had a message for her from the Creek. I told him she would be in imme diately. He walked in through one room into the other. I asked him again what he wanted, and he gave me the ppmp answer. I asked him to leave the message with me; but he gave me no answer. I knew that he had been there before on two occasions to see Mrs. DriscolL I told him to leave the house. 1 got him out of one room, and he struck me in the other with a life-preserver. I held him whilst the woman Kelly took the weapon from him. 1 struck him with it, Margaret Kelly did not ft"*** him* He ran .oat, and I fcdJGwedluin, but could not overtake him* He left his cap behind him, -and I pat it -with the life-preserver on the shell The female prisoner declined making any statement. Both were committed Or trial at the Supreme Court Adelaide: Thitbsdit, Hat 8. Dbstitutios".—Jfaria Fra*er was charged by Police constable Ward, with wondering about the streets, and not giving a good account of herscll The constable said i he found the prisoner sitting under a verandah in : Bundle-street He asked her if she had any home. She said no; she bad been to the Destitute Asylum, but could not obtain admission. In reply to His Worship, the prisoner said she had gone to the Asylum as directed by him, where she saw Mr. Tapley, who said be did not care for anybody, and would not admit her. His Worship— : You have failed to give any account of yourself; and I will, for your own sake, send you to Gaol for a week, which is the b«*t thing that can be done for you. Jn the meantime I will enquire of Mr. Tapley respecting you. She was then removed in custody. SrBAturG Festale Apeaeel.—Jfaria Lang was charged with stealing three dresses, two shawls, fonr pairs of stockings, and other articles of female apparel, the property of Anne Connor, single woman. The pro secutor said she met the prisoner near the Catholic Chapel tbe previous morning; and asked her if mass was over. She said it was, but that Father Smith was still there. Toldhershc wished to see him particularly, on which the prisoner said she would take cars of witness's bundle, and she pointed to the house where she said she lived. Prisoner said her name was Ailen. Gave the bundle into her care whilst sbc went into thj chapel. Came out again, but on enquiry could not hud "where the prisoner lived. Made further enquiries at the pawnbrokers', and then gave information at the Po!ic*-station. Police constable Featherstone went with Constable Fitzgerald to a house in Gouger-street, kept by a man named Stepney, and saw the prisoner there, with part of the contents of the bundle produced on her lap. Asked her where 6he got it. She said it was her own. Asked her where the other articles were, on which Mrs. Stepney said, "Shesold me some of them for 3s." There were two dresses, a jacket, a shawl, a night-dress, and five pairs of stockings. Mre. Stepney gave up the articles. Told her there were other articles missing. A Mrs. Johnson, who was there, brought to him the other night-dress. Apprehended the prisoner, and brought her to the Station- house. Sergeant Pinnkett said the prisoner had been before convicted of a felony. The prisoner excused herself upon the plea of having been tipsy at the time. She was committed to the Supreme Court for trial. 