TIIE MAN THAT PLAYED ON A HARP WJTH A THOUSAND STRINGS-THE SPKRITS UV JUST MEN MADE PER PECK. I _ Wo find tho following remarkable sermon, fle , livered at Brandon, Missi6ssippi, by a reverend I captain of a Mississippi flat boat, in tho New York Evening Post: "I may say to you, ¿ny brcethering, that lara notan edecatcd man, an'I am not one o'them as beleevcs that eddcation is necessary fur a gos* pel minister, fur I beleeve tho Lord educates his precchèrs just as he wants 'em to bo edecated, and and although I say it that oughtn't to say it, yet in the State of Tudianny, wh'ar 1 livo thar's no man as gits a bigger congregation nor what I gits. " Tharraay be some here to-day, my brcether- ing, as don't know of what' pursunsion I am uv -Well. I may say to you, my breothering, that I'm a Hardshell Baptist. Thar some folks as don't like the Hardshell Baptists, but I'd rather hov a hard shell as no shell at all. You see nie hero to-day. roy jbreothèring, drest up in fine closo; you'mout think I was proud, but I Hm not proud my breéthoring, and although I've been a preacher uv tho Gospel for twenty years, and although I'm capting uv that flat boat that lies at yuro lauding, I'm not proud my brcethering. " Im not a gwino ter tell you edzuMy whar my tex may be found ; suffice it tu say, it's in the leds of tho Bible, and you'll find it somewhat' 'tween tho first chapter of the book of Genera- tion and the last chapter of tho book of Revolu- tions, dad cf you'l go and: search the Scriptures, as I havo searched the Scriptures, you'll not only find my tex thar, but a great many uther ttxes as will do you. good to rend, an' roy tex, when you shill find it, you shill find it to read thus: " And he played on a harp ur a thousand strings-sperits of just men made perfeck" " My tox, brcethering, leads to speak uv* sperits. Now thar's a great many kinds of sperits in tho world-in tho fust place, thar'B tho sperits as some folks call ghosts; then thar's the sperits uv turpén time, and then thar's tho sperits as Borao folks call liquor, juid I've got as good, artikel of thom kind uv Bpcrits ou my flat boa as ever was fotcbed down the Mississippi rivor' but thar's a.great many other kind of sperits' fur the tex séz: 4 Ho played on a harp of a thou' sand .strings-sperits of just jnon made " per" feck. . ," But I'll .tell yon. tho kind uv sperits as is ment in the tex; \I'B fire. That is tho kind uv ?gporits as is ment in tho tex, my ? brcethering. màvr thar's a great many .kinds uv firo in the torld. In the fust placo, thar's tho common irt.uv firo you lite a. segar or pipe with, and then thar's oam-firo.' Sro before your roddy and. fall back, and mnny other kinds uv fire for the tex sex: ' Ho played on a harp uv a t/iou-sand strings-sperits of just mon made perfeck'. " But I'll toll you tho kind uv fire as is mont in tho tex, my. brcethering- it's holt, fire] an' that's the kind uv fire as a great many ny you 'll come to, ef you don't do better nor what you have been doin'-fbrJie,played,on tho harp uv a Mow-sand strings-agents uv just men made porfeck', . , ' " Now, tho different sorts uv fire in tho world raay.be likened «uto fhe different persuasions in the world. In tho fust placoi'we havo tho Pis capalions, and they pre a high sailin' and n high faintin' «et, and they miry be likoned into a turkey buzzard that flios »jp into the air, arid he goes up till he looks no bigger than your finger nail, und the frist thing you know, fae cums, down nnd down, and down, and is Allin' himself on tho Itarkiss of a dead boss by tho sido ur ,the road and ' he played the Harp'bf a ¿Aou-sánd strings -spirits pf just men made perfeok'.' " ' . V And then thar's the Nfethedis, and they may be likened tinto the squirrel, çunhiri*" up into a tree, for the Methedis believe^ in gwine on 'from one degree uv grace to another, and finally off to pèrfeksbion, and th/p squirrel goes up and up, and he jump from lim' to lim', and Branch to branch, and the fust tliirjg yod. know Ile falls and down fae comes kerflúmux, atm that's like the, Methedis, for they is ajlqra fallin' from graco, ah! And-He plays orí tlie harp of a Moti-siirid strings-sperits, of just men made pdrfect.' " And thon, my, brethoring, thar^thé Baptist, ah! jajgd.,^ey.h.^YjB¿¿en Uken^Àj^t^à-pôsàiim' ona 'stnjion"tree..and the thunders may roll, and then the earth inay quake, but that possum, clings there still ah! And you may shake one foot loose, pnd the other's thar, and you may shako all feet looso, and he laps his tail a'roiind tho lim', and ho cling furever, for-' Ho played on a harp ur a thousand strings-sperits of just men made perfect.' " Here the reporter conld no longercontain him- self, and his notes became entirely unintelligible. 