Toe "Lou DA-O' AoGiATrow.-The third report of the selet committee of the House of Commons shows that there are now lying on the table of the hon. House 56 petitions, signed by 4,130 persons, against opening the BritihMuseum and the public glleries on the ord's-day. Some ofthepetitioners also object to "music in the public parks," a pro vision for the amusement of the people which. among others, "they regard with the utmost apprehension;" while others believe that if Sunday "be turned into a day of amusement it will soon become a dayof work." Other petitioners. who regard with horror the open ing of the Museum and the galleries on Sun days. and who consider the attendance of re gimental bands in the parks or elsewhere as "calculated to lessen that reverence for the Sabbath which the people of this country, as a nation, have ever entertained," expressly disavow the remotest desire "to curtail or in trench upon the innocent amusements of the people on any other day." A petition from the clergy of Halifax, in Yorkshire, expresses a convietion that the obnoxious measures referred to will be "the means of 'opening' additional temptation under the charaeter of recretion"-a peculiar style of phraseology which the committee think it right to state was sic inorig. This curiously wordeddoc ument is sniedby the Viusr of Halifax, Dr. Musgrave ;hi lecturer, Mr. HepwamthHal;; and by M 0r. . Sanders, incumbent of Hip. pouden-'rimes. a oxunt ras r AT Ltevasoort..- oberT Wilson for the periodof2years cash.keeperto the well-known and extensive firm of Mesr T. and 3. Brecklebank, merchants and ship owners of Liverpool, was hboged withhaving embzzled a large sum of money from hiss em ploys. The amount had been variously stted at 4,000. and 6,0001.; but the enact amount has not yetbeen ascertained. The property found on the accused when appre heded, aniounted to 2,307. 2. lid. 3Lr Broeklerihank sail that the prisoner had been in his employ in iverapool 28 years ; 24 as cash- keeper, and previously was engaged by their people in ohitehavea. At present he, could form no accurate idea of the amount deficient. Mr. Brosclebank then asked fora remand, in order that the books of the pri soner might be gonetlrough, andthe extent ef the embeelemeantiseertaced. Themagis trste remanded the prisoner for seven days aecrdingly. Thepriol c kept hi eyesfixed pon the table ledug the inquiry, and nhrer uttered a syllable. He loeked. oeedins pale, and swa stabby-genteelly attired. is about five feet four inches high slender made, andha aldhead.o-Tipe. THe IrreeroOr STADAaxD NewsupsPs Mr Branch offered for sale, by public anotion, the copyright andmaterialsof the above news papers. There were a cons?eralle nmnber of persns connected with the pres preenbt, uot vey few oth?s attlenmdeL The anuctionee put op the copywright for public competition, baut there being no offer he put upthe whole plant for sale To his repeated solitttions for an "ofs'er there was no remponse, and the eale was eonsegaestly witbdrxwe,-orthern lies. The article of the eole, which bhas eenmre published in the 3lonltenr, inist on the destruc tion ofihe arenals of 'olaef and contends that it is not the s!ore of the Black a that are to he liberated, baut the Black Sea itself is to be cmancipated, and, above al, the Ottoman Empire isto be placed beyond attack. To closethe Eunine to armed navies it is evident that the Bag must be clonsL o closing of this iver. So article three.. iclaieffextant. Nfo seuea rity. either arguments are addsred in favor of ie?Laiff beingr inelodead MsJner the third point. An ELOPEsrtsc ExrtAaOnncsrAny.-Ifsero gate has been thrown into a -state of excitermet. A young lady, ccompanled by a gsntlemaI considerably, her senior, and haivng all the apparanee of a military oicer, s?tived by the evening train at the Brmunawick Ralwey7 Station, where they engaged a cab to convey them to the Whte Hart Hotel Or. tcheir arsrival at the inn, they represente d ti?ccelvces as' a married couple; and, cosrensstly, suitable accommodation was precasrcd (or the? .All went on smoothly a.d sc;interruptedly until the nex' evenni , w'cc:c the old adage, that "true ICve neverC !ocs ran smooth," was verified. About six o'clock, two genttronen, with ahasty buhsirs like air, ma.. their appearance; and after uldry inqsittic bo? t the xa?lway station, proceeded to tho reroidtlene oi a police-officr, to whom they contidel the sC?ret of theii mission; at the same time acquainting him that one of the mysterious st?ragers -as a deteeti. and the other the roth of the fugitive lady); ho having, it is said. ust ,ttained her majority, appearClto think that hehad no further need of parental coe or restrint. On their reaching the hotel, the "happy'" pair were at dinner, which they awere gowed to finish without interrunption. When the repast had ?enr well disusd ano dessert sered up, the waiter was requcested by the three pursuers to conduct them to the room and introduce them by merely opening thoe door. The infuriatcd brosther of the lady abruptly entered, and, like Hawlet's ghost, "made her blood run coldz" Sheshrieked sod fainted. No time was lost in parl?ying. A post-chaise being waiting at the door, the lady was speedily placed inside, and hastily driven offby the detectire and her brother, and the gallant Lotharo was left lamenting over his fate to the remaining policeman, who kindUl advised him to take a comfortable nigoht s rest. and then depart byr the first teais inthe mrnmming. The young tdy is said to be the only daughter of highly respectable and wealthy parents, residing in one of the falhionabl, squares of London, and her seducer (acrording to his owun statement) is a married man. with halfa dozen children. buti i;s separated from his withfe. and holds a -omm?ision in the army. Until recently ho was admitted as a hieod into the family crcle, but his too close familiarities with the oung lady hastened :his expulsion. By way of cludi pursuit thtyhad taken tickets through to York, but left the train at Church Fenton, for Hlarrogate. Thepartrinpursuit, therefore, on arriving at the tor'ner place, found themselves at fault, and the keen pereeption of the detective enabled them to return to the latter place and try Hlarro.ate. The seducer had by him a pair of load&I; pistol., which, on his oarival at Iarrogate, he took from his pocket, ant deposited in his portmanten. ewrrs of the World. Era,? crrs or Vtsrrxo C.ttns.-When you drop your piece of pasteboardl anywhere, iren i the er eonteotst neiehbýurhooat let it be a piece of pasteboard, and nothing more. except in being engraven with your name and address. Do not. at any rate, let your card be enamelled. The enamel is prpaored from lead, and the proces of anplyi i is stated, on good auth:rity, to proruee paralvsis of the hands and other miserable complints among the poor people engaged in this ridiuenlo? manufacture. A shiny card imparts no lustre to the name upon it, but communicates on appearnce of rulgsr glitter to the table or shelf wrhereon it is deposited. If you rejoice in polish, concentrate that quality on your manoers, conversation, and boots. In case you teel it absolutely necessary to display your taste in your oislting cards, have thoem embossed; and then it will be as well for you also to wear lace collars, and shirt cuffs of the same nmaterial. But eschew those caods that re enamnlled, and hich, to the enlightened ere. are glazed with what may be rolled a shine token out of the health of un happy victims afleted with palsy and colic. Punch. Goo UTrtsn.-Keep min oodhumor. It is not great calamitics that embitter existence ; it is the petty scxations. the small jealousies, the little disappointments, the minor miscries,. that make the heart heavy and the temper sour. Don t let them. Anger is a pure waste of vitality. It is always foolish, and always disgraceful, exceptin some rare cases when it is indled by seeing wrong done to another; and even that noble rage seldom mends the matter. Keep in good humour ! ifo man does his best except hc whe is cheer ful A light heart makes nimble hands, and keeps the mind free and alert. No misfor tune is so great as one that sours the temper. until eheerfulness is lost, nothing is lost. K.eep in good humor! The company of a good humored man is a pepetualfeast; he is welcomed se here. yes glisten at his approach, and difeulties vanish in his cheer ing presence. Fanklin's indomitable good humor did as muchfor his eountry in the old Congress, as Adams' fire or afferson's wir dam; he clothed wisdom with smiles, and softened contentious minds into acquiescence. Keep in good humor! A good conscience, a sound stomach, and a clean skin are the cements of good humor. Get them and keep them, and--Be sure to keep in good humour! The exanples of ealy rising, industry and pu?tuality in a farmer, neer fail to. inspir his hands with ambition, and to increae their cartion. Tawoyoung ladiesof Indisnoplos, Indiana were out ridig ina bu- yby themselves, and after dring thirough most of the fashionable asenues, ?fluaded to try the plank road Well, to the plank road they wean and while trotting briskly along, they were enddenly1 arrested by the toligate kperw ho demanded his toll. "How much is it? asked th? girls. "Fora man and a hoae," he replied, "itis Ay cents." "Well, then, get oat of the way, fr we ame gios and a mare. Get up, Ienn a!" andh , away theywent, leaving them an inmute - toninshmenr. 'Does the razor take well? inquired a darkey, who was shaaing a gentleman from the eountry a few eeninga since. ' Yes; re plied the customer, with tears in his eys, ' it takes hoil fist rare, but it don't let go woth a cent.' 'There, John; that's twice you've come bome and forgotten that lartL' "La! mother, it was so greasy that it slippe-d my mind.' 