OFw scores iMornína ^cralïu FRIDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1856. -?, IN the Legislative Assembly yesterday, the business on the paper was anticipated by a motion from Mr. COWPER, to the effect that the continued absence of the Colonial Treasurer from the House was an infringement of its rights and privileges. The hon. member relied upon the motion passed by the House, that the Minister of Finance should be a member of the Assembly. Mr. PIDDINGTON seconded the motion, which was replied to by Mr. PARKER, in an effective speech, in which he showed that it was practically impossible, even if Mr. Donaldson had resigned the office of Colonial Treasurer, for the Finance Minister at present to be in the House. After some debate, which assumed mainly a personal character, the motion was rejected by a majority of 27 to 11. A Bill to grant a duty on Gold, to amend the Customs Regulation Act to establish a separate Court for the district of Moreton Bay, and to authorize the appointment of a Public Prosecutor, were brought in by the ATTORNEY GENERAL and read a first time. The COLONIAL SECRETARY moved for leave to bring in a Bill to re-establish a Municipal Council for the City of Sydney. The hon. member explained in full the objects of the bill, which, though subjected to some discussion, seemed to meet the general approbation of the House. The second reading of the bill was fixed for Wednesday next. The Crown Suits' Bill was read a third time. On the motion for the second reading of the Constitution Act Amendment Bill (being a bill to repeal the two-thirds clause), considerable discussion took place, the gist of the question being, whether his Excellency should be advised at once to assent to the measure, or whether it should be referred home, in conformity with the instructions of the Secretary of State accompanying the New Constitution Act. The bill was ultimately read a second time and passed through committee. The House adjourned at 5 minutes to 10 o'clock. IT would have been useful to the present Cabinet could the whole colony have witnessed the de- bates of yesterday. The division on the motion to censure the Government for the absence of Mr. DONALDSON, was the best punishment for its introduction. The position of Mr. DONALD- SON was known to every member of the House. That he is a candidate for a seat; that his election is beyond doubt that the party who have followed him with such ran I cour have not a shadow of a chance to defeat him a second time, and that if defeated he would resign his office was all as well known to the Assembly as to the colonists. If any one had doubted this, a question might have been asked. Instead a formal resolution of cen- sure without notice was proposed, and pretentions of privilege put forth utterly ridiculous as well as vexatious. The appointment to an office vacates a seat ; the TREASURER must, until re-elected, be absent from the House. It is bad enough that opposition was raised to the return of Mr. DONALDSON for the Hamlets, but it is below even ordinary faction to refuse him the time necessary to appeal to another constituency. Had Lord PALMERSTON been rejected for some paltry borough, our Solons would have demanded that he should be driven at once from the helm! The spirit of this attack on Mr. DONALDSON was sustained all through the sitting. The measures brought in by the Ministry were too popular to assail. It was, however, clear that they were received with deep mortification by the Opposi- tion. Several of the more noisy speakers, were almost abusive. Addressing the Ministerial Benches they demanded to know, why the Parker Ministry brought in bills which fulfilled to the letter their pledges, and removed grievances of which the Opposition complained ! Nothing has fretted the antagonists of the Ministry so much as its genuine liberality, its cheerful trust in the good sense of the people, its _ disposition to perfect all the institutions which can develop the principles of civil and religious liberty. In their view Mr. PARKER ought to be a despot, Mr. MANNING ought to stand fast to exclusiveness, Mr. MACARTHUR should really fight for the ghost of Lord ELDON, and Mr. PLUNKETT act the part of Lord CASTLEREAGH! The gentlemen of "Her MAJESTY'S Opposition" have told their followers out of doors that they were the only people to expand the liberties of the colony-the only parties safe to be trusted with the exchequer. They have drawn caricatures of all who, in past times, have occupied public trusts and now, instead of answering the description, and completing the prophecy, Mr. PARKER and his friends are revealing themselves as the true states- men while their opponents are hobbling in the rear, like pilgrims with peas in their shoes. Instead of being thankful for so safe a guide they call after him with jeers and threats, tell him that his speed is a trick-" That he has out liberated the liberals !" The repeal of the two-thirds clause will be carried with universal assent. Mr. JONES, though opposed to the Ministry, spoke as he generally does, without rancour and with good sense. The clause was not proper under the circumstances ; but if ever the veto of the Crown and the Constitu- tion of the Upper House should cease to be practical checks to the legislation of the Assembly, something equivalent to the two-thirds clause must be found. The power of a bare majority to change the form of an elected assembly, without appeal to the people, is one which would never be tolerated by any nation. The condemnation of the clause because American is rather absurd. America found it necessary, because a sovereign state, to give its institutions the chance of permanence, and to prevent surprise. No man need apologise for support- ing a check on the exercise of a trust. We object to the Two-thirds Clause only because it' was imposed by a Legislature which did not represent the people. This objection was stated nearly two years ago in this journal, and we are glad that the repeal is universally approved. The wish of some speakers to set at nought the constitutional power of the Crown was received as it deserved. The GOVERNOR GENERAL would expose himself to a severe and well-merited censure did he act in opposition to instructions. He is not likely to do so, and no respectable Ministry would recommend it. It would be a scandalous thing to harass a Governor with demands which it might be unpopular to refuse, but which it would be neither consistent with his instructions nor his honour to concede. When we are prepared to reject the oversight of the supreme Government, it will be far better to say so at once. It was suggested by one of the orators, that by this time the SECRETARY OF STATE might " be food for worms, and therefore his despatch might be fairly treated as those hypothetical worms were perhaps dealing with him. Can drivelling go beyond this ! The British Government is a permanent institution, and its laws still had, although ten thousand legislators who have contributed to make them sleep in the dust. By the time the Legislature' shall next year assemble, the Royal assent may be signified, and any really necessary reform ' may be secured. a IT will be seen by the report of the proceedings in the Assembly that the re-establishment of a I City Corporation was initiated with the expression of universal assent. There appears to be I little probability of opposition to the leading principles of the bill. The Ministry of Mr. DONALDSON had prepared a measure, already in the hands of the printer, when Mr. COWPER accepted office. The member of his government, who had charge of that part of his policy, took the bill of Mr. NICHOLS and transposed the clauses, and so made it " better than new !" There was one change. The DONALDSON bill proposed eight aldermen, and the COWPER bill proposed sixteen ! This addition was, however," yesterday, repudiated by the gentlemen in I opposition, and thus there appears to be no difference respecting the structure of the Corporation. The electors are, however, to vote in wards, and the electoral roll for the Assembly is to be the constituency of the Corporation. It was objected that this would give persons a vote not being rate-payers. If the Corporation is to be confined to the material business of the city, and not to exercise any political or magisterial functions, we do not see how this objection can be obviated. Even if such duties are confided, we presume they will be secondary, and it is questionable whether people are entitled to suffrage who contribute nothing to the city revenue. We should be glad to see good cause to adhere to the larger franchise proposed, but we believe it is a novelty, and at present it strikes us as inequitable. Those, however, who think population should be the basis of representation, cannot reasonably oppose it. The establishment of a Corporation will afford an opportunity to try the working of the ballot in this colony. The experience of Melbourne of its utility in the general representation ; its tendency to promote the quiet and purity of election, and to induce the people to give their votes, not to the most noisy and bustling, but to those whom they in their hearts believe are best worthy of the trust, has removed a thousand prejudices. It is now proposed to employ it in the corporation elections of Victoria. Whatever objections of a theoretical nature may exist against the ballot, they do not apply where the voter acts not as a trustee but as a principal, and where his vote respects the protection and assessment of his own property. In such a case interference is impertinent. We do not conceal from ourselves that if the trial of the ballot in the city should realise the effects it has elsewhere produced, it will be adopted in all our political elections. But can this be a good reason against it We are not to imitate the rustic who refused to look at A lest he should be seduced on to Z. We recommend this important point to the attention of the Government. It is composed of men who are above a petty j Jealousy of innovation, especially of one now adopted with appro- baton all but universal in the great colonies of Victoria, South Australia, and Tasmania. The Ministers propose, beaid' s endowing the city with a grant of £10,000, to hand over the entire department of the Commissioners, subject to its debts. The great works under- taken will thus be completed by the city authorities. We hope the citizens may not have reason to regret the change. But this concession will be saddled with the loan contracted for the sewer and water- works, and the interest on the debt will be paid by the Corporation. We do not know what security the Government will retain for the fulfilment of this compact. But the Legislature may be assured that abundant, and we imagine, popular reasons for repudiation will be readily discovered. A candidate has arguments made to his hand. The innumerable falsehoods, got up to form a little political capital, in the shape of a report, now rejected by men of honour and sense, would nevertheless yield excellent reasons for shuffling off an obligation which there would be no means to enforce. If the city is entitled to the conversion of the loan into an absolute gift, let it be done at once and frankly. If, however, the interests of the colony at large demand the repayment of the debt, the Assembly should retain power to protect it, as the Legislature of Victoria has done, where, we believe, the non-payment forfeits the Charter of Incorporation. This is a subject which will require great circumspection. Nothing should be enjoined by a Legislature which cannot be enforced ; nothing should be made a moral duty and at the same time dis- cretional. Honour may sometimes be trusted in private affairs ; but in the opinion of NAPOLEON THE GREAT, a negotiator should seize every advantage for his country. The country of an alderman is the city ! There has been some little evasion of responsibility for the abolition of the late Corporation, three years ago. We have no doubt that step was defensible in the circumstances at least it met with the concurrence of most men who were then responsible to the country. Mr. COWPER is anxious to limit his liability. He had nothing to do with the trial or the judgment nothing save the execution. What could be more decisive than Mr. PID DINGTON'S testimony against it? He resigned because he considered it a disgrace to belong to such a body. He considered its dissolution was due to the merciless loquacity of its members ! He who in fairness to others who, from a natural sense of justice must have been of all men complacent even to the spouters of nonsense even he declared himself conquered by the horrid talkativeness of the late City Council ! In his opinion the Corporation was ruined by the idea that it was a school for eloquence ; a nursery of statesmen, where men were to fit themselves for a higher sphere. Mr. PIDDINGTON every day exemplifies the miserable results of this particular delusion. Mr. PARKER justly remarked that, if in this respect the new Corpora- tion was not to follow in the steps, and sink into the disgrace of its predecessor, Mr. PIDDINGTON, in mercy, should renounce civic honours ! The excellent advice of Mr. PLUNKETT, indeed, of all the members, will, we hope, be pondered by the citizens. The colony at large has no more to do with our streets than we with the Murray. The substi- í tution of a Corporation for the City Commission is the inevitable result and the burden of freedom. We do not expect the management of our affairs will be more perfect by the change, but they will be more in harmony with our habits. The unmanly attacks on the Commissioners these gentlemen may despise. "They never pardon who have done the wrong." The colony will see that justice is done, and will save the Commissioners from the mean resentment of people, conscious of a guilty persecution, who hope to leave some impression by the reiteration of oft-refuted falsehood. The work of the Commissioners is the best ever done in these colonies. MR. DEAS THOMSON, in defending the land policy of the present Government, referred to the case of South Australia as a proof that the present minimum price of land did not discourage agriculture, and stated that in that colony no fewer than 89,000 acres were under cultivation. The case is stronger than he puts it. He has considerably underrated the extent of cultivation in the sister colony. The amount of land under wheat alone last year is estimated by the Adelaide journals at 120,000 acres-an estimate which the export of cereal produce shews to be not far from the truth. The local newspapers were recently engaged in investigating, with considerable minuteness, the amount of corn held in the colony, and the result showed that, after deducting what was required for local consumption, and what was needed for seed, the harvest of 1855 left the colony a surplus of about a million bushels of wheat, the greater part of which has already been sent to Victoria. The total quantity of land sold in the colony considerably exceeds a million acres, and as the population, as shewn by the last census, is not quite 90,000, the amount of freehold property held is at the rate of more than eleven acres per head. None of this land has been sold at less than a pound an acre, and the whole of it has been offered at auction, with the exception of the preliminary sections sold at the commencement of the colony at twelve shillings an acre. The alienation of land from the Crown has proceeded with remarkable regularity for the last three years. Shortly after the discovery of gold at Mount Alexander, when successful diggers began to return to Adelaide, Sir HENRY YOUNG commenced the practice of holding a weekly land sale, and from that time to the present these sales have been kept up without inter- mission ever since. There have been of course considerable variations in the amounts weekly sold, but on the whole the process of alienation has been very steady. A glance at the statistical returns shews that the quantity sold has oftener been above three thousand acres than below it. No complaints are made about the upset price of land, and agriculture has advanced with rapid strides. 