PORTUGUESE AGGRESSIONS IN AFRICA. The following is quoted by the Melbourne Herald from a' St. 'Helena paper:- — The great event of tlio day on the south const was the occupation of Ambriz by Portu- mieso trooDS from Lonndo — Ambriz beiticr looked upon at Loando as Sebastopol is in Europe. It appears that Portugal hail laid: claim to a part of this coast, to whioli the British Government does not recognise her. right. By the treaty of 1817, her territory is /recognised as lying between 8 degrees and 18 degrees south latitude ; but Portu gal at the time declared that she reserved her rights over the const between 6 de grees 12 seconds and 8 degrees south, which right' Bhe.olaiins .-by. virtue of priority of dis covery. - Within the latter limits : is Ain- briz, where a flourishing trade has spruDg lip, considerably augmonted since the sup- pression ot tne slave-trade. The English and American factories established at Am briz, in' consequeinoe of the absence. of all restrictions on their trade, are able to un dersell the merchants of Angola, and play mischief with the trado of the, provinoe. Some copper mines have also been disco vered lately, and the quantity of excellent copper ore Bliipped from Ambriz during the past year has been considerable. " This lias attracted the attention of the Portuguese Government, and after debating with; the British Government the question of their rights on the coast between 5 degrees 12 minuteB and 8 degrees: south, which in cludes Ambriz, and ftiiling to obtain a re-: cognition of those rights, thoy have made a bold stroke, and actually taken possession of tho ooast, are about to establish custom- house; levy duties and port charges; and proolnim Portuguese law. - An expedition was secretly. fitted out from Lisbon, .a fri gate prepared ostensibly' to carry conviots to Mozambique, in which -were secretly embarked a governor for Ambriz, 160 sol diers, and extonsive '..'supplies' /of; ammuni tion and stores. Tho same secrecy was observed, cm arrival of ;Uio ; frigate. at Loando, while a British bruiser was; tli ore, hut on lier departure tlio Imgles'sonhdcd to arms, the Governor-General, and.400 troops embarked on board tlio. frigate and sailed for Ambriz, accompanied by two brigs of war, and a transport. A proclamat ion was published, stating tho object of the expedi tion- to be. that of chastising the natives of Ambriz for some, annoyances lately given to Portuguese residents. "The Govornor- Genewfi hafi no. sooner disembarked 'his than, tho nutivw #U fled, and nftev burning sevorul defenceless towns, ho com- moncod erecting a fort, forming ontrenoh- monts and temporary puhlio buildings. A proclamation doclaros that the place is to be considered a porta franco for nil nations for twelve months, after which time duties ar,d imposts aro to bo levied upon all foreign ships and goods, as at Loando. It remains to bo soon what view the British Government will take of those proceedings, but they were viewed with the greatest anxiety and alarm by. tho British and other foreign traders on tho coast, and which in volve questions of serious importance to the yarties connected with tlio legitimate trade pf Africa, now so greatly increasing. doienoe tn the witness-box —-The RllgO- ley inquests, if they toaoli sooioty that none of lis can be assured against the machinations of the poisoner, have also shown, even more em phatioally, that there is no poisoner who ban I bo now assured against detection. 'Hell upon earth is .the doom, henceforth, of tho subtle murderer while he lives undiscovered ; for no time can release liim from the terror of tho day that may bomo, when in the face of all his fellpw, men, tho very dead shall bo drawn, up ttt of tho grave to bear witness against him. There is an end of the old comfort,: " dead men tell no tales." , Of all others thoy -'are now become tho witnesses. whom, poisoners havo most to fear. How vaguely was tbia.ibro-J shadowed in the superstition : of our fore-' fathers, whoso notion of the bast bvidnnnn nf foul play: was to. bring a suspected murderer into the presonco of the oorpso 1 Precisely the same notion wo oarry into effect ; but for tbo supernatural tliore is put a natural language, .whioli science lias acquired tho power of in terpreting. A sporting surgeon is suspeoted suddenly of having settled an' acoouiit after epmo ruees liy poisoning bis friend. Suspi cion grows into conviction, and tlio shadows of past crimes begin to fit aboiit.the man. Ho had. gambled not, in horses only. In lifo as surance lie had won heavy stakes ; and as.well I among persons on whose lives lie held policies, as among othors : to whom it was believed he owed racing debts, the mortality was reported to bo heavy. Oneo loose there was no limit I to suspicion ; lint attention conoen trated -itself I' at, . Inst on what offorekl most grounds for on I \- ..uu..,u. ma unu Wiiu uuu uimiiei' iibci not beon among his victims? It was ordered that the bodies should be disinterred, it was said, " Lot the dead speak ;" and, in a cloar voice, the murdered wife lias spokon. Wo do notremembor any cose exemplifying so- re markably the grout advance made in our time by seionoo, not only as our helper in ovoryday hie, but as a power bearing witness against crime. Medical jurisprudence is no longer confined within its, former limits It has applied to its uso some part of almost evory science (of ohyinistry a groat purt), - has brought to the holp or its pure knowledge a minute study of experience and pruetioal details, and has ' trained its practitioners to u close system of logioul deductions. Some such reflections iho evidence of -Professors Taylor and Rees, in the first Rugeley inquest, must have suggested to every one. Twenty years I ago, detection of tlio crime which only science has boon able now to track would have been utterly impossible; and oven so late as last year, when the crime was committed, the alleged orimiuol might havo believed detection of all things tlio most unlikely. With ter rible dexterity, suiting his poison to the time, advantage aspoars to have been taken of the prevalence ot cholera -to try what may uotl unfairly porbaps bo called an experiment in poisoning. A drug wiis selected, of which, moitrrh t.llA nnrltnnixr rTnKn in I — "o — j is uoiuw u-griuu, as much as !)0 grams have boen given in minute doses, within 24 hours; and Of which it is known that even n large quantity lias been swallowed without necessarily pi-odiiciim dentil, It has by 'no moans the .character ol a sura poison, and for tho purpose of slow poisoning, undor ordinary oireumstances, it I was little likely to bo used. But there was the special hint, we have remarked, suggested, suggested -by the disorder prevailing at the time. It is a cli'araoter of the di-ug in ques tion to produce in those brought under its influence oxtremo depression. Tartar emetic reduces the vigor of life, causos sickness, and brings on generally a disorder of the bowels. What so prudent experiment in poisoning could bo devised, at a time when everyone was disposed, bv the ilrevalennn nf tha,<»,Lln. mic..to see cholera in symptoms like these, as tho simulation of a cliolera caso by combining and only just continuing for a sufficient length of time, .the sickness and oxtremo pros tration of the victim ! The result wo know. :Nor do wq .see that any.graver charges of I error in oonnexion with it lie. fairly at: the door of; the professional men by whom the deoeased was :. attended, . than -, perhaps - too great a roadiness, upon points' where nothin" but personal examination should have satis- \- lied' them, to accept information from a hus band who " was kind to all about him," and who was himself a qualified practitioner. I here they .were remiss, any one else might, and most probably woiild, have boon not less so. Tho husband who bonds over a dying wife does not in. tho ooursoof nature fall under suspicion. J. he wifo died, according to the certificates of her attendants, of cholera; and in tho witness box they .testified most: propet- ly.and evon positively, to tho sarnd opinion, making only reservation of the fact that they deoided upon oirourastances whioli it might be possible to interpret quite otherwise by ovi- 1 dance loss fallible than their own everyday' souses. The doctors displayed in this matter really no ignorance tluit wo cun cull in any degrob reprehensible. So well had tho affiiir beon managed that it seemed all clearly de monstrable, and effeot' and- cause explained each -other perfectly. But blood now litoiaily cries out ol tbo dust. The dead woman lias spoken, and science lias presented itself aB interpreter between her and the judges of the primes attributed to her husband. Not only is the tale of poison told with wonderful pre- cision, out tlio poison itse(t is produced in court. " The autiinony in this bottle," says wlint remains of tlio murdorod woman, " was given to me days boforo l'died; . bore is. tho auiiinony givon ; only a few li6iu-s before my death ; .this, again, is tho poison .that -ran through' my lioart." For its inevitable cer tainty, for its utter freedom : from all human pnssion, soience in this form in. the witness box must surely seem us awi ul to the . criminal as any sudden dropping .of-, blood ./from the corpse, whioli in old days .was siipposed tp givo 'supernatural warning of.' the presence of the. murderer. . Against this witness nothing can contend. .The surgeons and physicians wlio before had discredited suspicion of . foul play at once received that surer "knowledge which thoy had owned to lie possible; coupmed what they hart soon with what hurt been now dis closed; and without hositatiou put aside their first erroneous impressions in favor of the truth so mado mauilest- -Examwer. TnE Site of St. Petkiisuuho ; I'eteb's Motive. —TIiobo who imagine that Peter eliose that site without oshsijeration, or heoanse. he had derived- 1. Ilia pnty ideas of aoityfrom Amstordam, witiiwhiob, dmipg his resldo'noe there, he had beoome familiar, ' form a loo narrow estimate of that course hut vigor- I ous genius. I-Iis ambition roso far beyond tho I country of which he found himself the mus cr, and far beyond tho day in which he expected to livo. Ho placed before himself tlio map of ilm world ; lie saw that huirope, Asia, and America converge towards tho North Pole, and that Russia, siluatcd on tho point where their meridiuns meet, appeared to" bo their destined mistress. Ho formed tho pur pose of turning this nssumcd intention of the Creator into a fnotj by successive oonquosts, to give to his people tho possession of three worlds, and by the opening. of rivers, oanals, and oaravans, to form the remotest regions iiito a single slate. Willi such an iden boforo him, the position of St. Petersburg wns well chusen, although for the purposos of ordinary life: nothing could well ho worse. Tliero thoy tremble upon a great subterranean scaffolding, ready," as I havo hoard it 'graphically said, "to sink into the marsh like a stage-ghost through a trap-door," with a olimate so destructive to lmililinrra that :tho. gliltoring exterior which we have just sur veyed has to bo rouewod every summer at onormoiis cost, with a neighonrhood so dillloult of drainage that no food can bo raised without inoredible labour, and in tlio forests of which (as I can testify, from having obtained and sent home the head of one of tliern) tile wolves -still- prowl; and; above all, with the possibility suspended over .them of a oompleto submergence beneath the surrouiidiug waters ; for whenever it- shall happen that a powerful west wind shall i blow during tho fortnight that witnesses the breaking up of the ice, tho tide of tho Gulf of Fin land will meet the tido of Lake Ladoga, and, rising together, they will roll over tho city, (no part of 18 tGen above their ordinary level), when its palaces, monuments,- and temples, together with tlio 400,000 souls whioli constitute its popula tion, will oxpericnco. a fate not less terrible than tlmi of Heroulaoenm and Pompeii. — Ournvu's Evening Itecreations. 