DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. THE LAND WE LIVE IN. THE second Lecture on this subject was delivered in the School of Arts, on Thursday evening last, by the Rev. Charles Smith The lecturer com- menced by taking a brief review ot the substance of the previous lecture, and then proceeded accord- ing to syllabus. Among the things which appeared of an ano- malous character were the variety of races of which its population was composed—men of every land and clime except the Russians, and there was no longer any fear of them now—the dissimilar oc- cupations of the same individuals. Here the lec- turer introduced amusing instances of the greart facility with which men pass from one occu- pation to another, the tailor exchanging his needle for a crowbar, the artist his pencil for a pick, the surgeon his lancet and dissecting knife a shovel and spade, mid each using the now instrument with little less awkwardness than they had done the old. The continued fluctuations in the onward advance of material prosperity were next noticed, and instances adduced of the sudden rise and de- preciation in the value of land, houses, stock, and property in general. As a consequence of the foregoing, the Land we live in was a land dis- tinguished by sudden and rapid reverses. In- stances ware here adduced of persons at the dig- gings, and merchants and squatters elsewhere, who from very slender means had suddenly passed into a state of affluence. Some had seized the fortu- nate moment, sold out, and gone home with for- tunes, while others had remained to return to all their former difficulties, and in some cases even to grapple with poverty itself. The fact was, at certain times and in certain places, no- thing was easier than to make money, except in- deed, it was to lose it when it was made. A man might catch a fortune as he would catch an owl fast asleep, and lose it again as as would as eel gliding through his fingers wide awake ! Speaking of the "urgent wants" of the coun- try, the principal were the commercial—the poli- tical — intellectual and the literary. We still needed lahour, but that we were in a fair way of speedily obtaining. We specially needed machi- nery and capital. For now if a man grew a crop of wheat he, had to send it no one knew where to get it ground into flour ; if cotton, he had no means of dressing it ; if arrowroot, he could not propare it; and if he sheared a fleece of wool from the back of his sheep, he had actually to send it a voyage round the entire world before he could get it made into a blanket to cover him by night, or a coat to dress himself in by day. Now if with all these monstous drawbacks we had thriven and grown so much, what might we not justly expect to do by and bye when the flour-mill be- came a necessary addition to every town, and the towering chimnies of the cotton and woollen ma- nufactories rose up one after another, to fix and indicate the site of the Bradford and, Leeds, the Manchester and Halifax of Australia. The poli- tical wants might be summed np in one word — Statesmen. Hitherto there had been little demand, for "statesmen" in the proper sense of the terms, for the whole profit of Government (automaton- like) had been moved by the nod of tho gentleman in Downing-street, and the whole thing had there- fore been done at a very moderate outlay of talent, and without the slightest approach to any demand for statesmanship). Circumstances had happily changed, we had a Constitution, which is able; hands might be rendered all that was desirable, and completely subservient to all the legitimate ends of civil government, but it remained to, be seen if these able hands were yet amongst us. This state of things had come upon us, he would not say before we were ripe for it, but of neces- sity before there could possibly be among us men proved to be equal to the altered circumstances which now demand men who can take a wide and comprehensive view of the whole machinery and sciences of civil government. The country now needed bold men, bold to support the right ; strong men, strong to redress the wrong ; wise men, wise to conceive the plan, and prudent, en- ergetic, and persevering to mature and accom- plish the design. With such a Contiution, and with such men to work it, our, list of political wants would soon be reduced to the smallest di- mensions. The intellectual and literary wants embrace, ef- ficient preachers—able professors—diligent stu- dents—mechanics' instiutes—schools of arts— and literary institutions. These had already to some extent been possessed and enjoyed and good service they had rendered, but they must will be classed amongst our urgent wants. They had in-deed done much, but destined to do far more. They had already diffused among the masses of the people a taste for something deeper than a nobbler, and would soon beget an aspiration for something higher than the curling smoke of the miserably antiquated doodyne. The probable effects of multiplying such institutions were dwel- led upon at some length, as likely in time to bring out and qualify to no small extent, the very kind and stamp of men the country needs. The lecturer in dealing with the last part of his subject, vis. :—"Its Glorious Future"—showed that all those things indicated as "wants' were in a fair way of being supplied—and this consid- eration, added to our exertions of prospering in the matters of position, soil, climate, and private resources, together, with rapidly increasing facili- ties of communication with the old countries of Europe, justified the most glowing anticipations of Australians. There was little in the Land we live in to gratify reflection upon its past, it therefore became us to reader the future tributery to the present, and so pluck for the generations yet unborn their exclusive right to the things of their own day. We must here allow Mr. Smith to speak in his own words, and express our regret that we have been unable to report his lecture in full : "In an old country we live in the past—there is the Baronial hall, the Convent ruin, the Druid- ical remains, and strange indeed is the mystic spell which binds the wrapped to soul to these, closer than the ivy clings to their mouldering walls. And strangely the fancy plays about the light and shade of those suggestive piles, softer and more serene than the fitful light of the unsteady moon which falls upon them. The sepulchred bones of the glorious dead rise up again, all in- tinet with life, activity and beauty. The warrior rushes forth to his deeds of arms, the huntsman's horn is heard in the dell, the bells-of the hawker tinkle upon the plain, the tournament knight is crowned again by the fairy like hand of his love- smitten queen ; and the dark, deeds of horror, de- ception and crime, rise up again in more substant- tial forms than the hosts of grizzly ghosts with which they long since peopled the lonely spot— and thus the present man lives in the past, and breathes in the age which has passed away. We have no such monuments here. But shall our wanderings therefore be desolate, solitary and monotonous ? True, no spirits of the mighty dead people our pat?,but we have the visible fore- shadowings and the prophetic forerunners of the great unborn. True, the glorious ages gone by have left no foot prints here, but the light of tbose to come is dawning upon us. Our moun- tain tops are already tinged with the glow of their coming, and the beautiful feet of the herald of day, are already upon their gold b??ested sum- mits. There is but little to lead our contempla- tion back to the past, (and that little we would fain avoid and forget) but everything beckons our anticipation forward to a glorious future." PRIZE MEDALS -The New South Wales Board of Commissioners notify that the Medals awarded can now be had at the Justices' Chambers, , any day between 3 and 4 o'clock . Paris Exhibition :— Silver Medal, A Eldridge, Esq., Moreton Bay. Medals awarded by the New South Wales Board of Commissioners in November, 1854 :—Silver, A. Eldridge. Bronze, F. Longland, Dr. Hobbs, and T. S. Warry. Among the names of "honourable mention," we find that of Charles Coxen, Esq. STANLEY CREEK BRIDGE.—The acting Surveyor of Roads, F. E. Robers, Esq., has received orders to proceed forthwith with the erection of a bridge over the Stanley Creek, at Durundur. The want of this has been severely felt and its erection, which will no doubt be proceeded with at once, will prove a great advantage. ORPHAN AND DESERTED CHILDREN.—The Go- vernment Resident has succeeded in obtaining an order for admission into the Roman Catholic School at Paramatta, of the two children of Ro- ert M'Coy. The children, it will be remembered, were removed to the Brisbane Hospital, the day fol- lowing that on which their unfortunatemother was murdeied, where they have since remained until last Wednesday, when they were forwarded by the steamer to Sydney. There was also forwarded at the same time, to the Benevolent Asylum, Syd- ney, a little girl named Mary Massey, who had been deserted a long time, nearly three years by a brutal and unfeeling father. She was taken care of during that period by Mr. Owen Haves, who did everything that could be desired for the help- less creature. MORTIMER v MORT.—A motion for a new trial in this case was made in the Supreme Court on the 2nd inst. After hearing the arguments pro and con, their honours reserved judgment. BRISBANE GAOL.—Mr. Feeney, the Gaolor, died on Wednesday morning last. Until the arrival of Mr. Bergan, his successor, the charge of the Gaol establishment has been given to Mr. Charles Keys, Principal Turnkey. SCHOOL OF ARTS DEBATING CLASS.—Last Mon- day evening at the School of Arts, the Debating Class reviewed the question. "Has the legitimate drama a moral or an immoral tendency ?" The preliminary essay, in advocacy of the moral ten- dency, was carefully prepared, and its perusal was listened to attentively. The discussion was lively and animated, the speakers evincing considerable interest in the subject. The final decision was, that the legitimate drama has an immoral ten- dency. We invite public attention and the sup- port of personal attendance to this instructive and highly beneficial class. Its meetings are held fortnightly on Monday evenings. Te next sub- ject for discussion, is "the effects of the abolition of slavery in the West Indies, has it proved a good or an evil?" CROWN LANDS LEASES.—The leases of the fol- lowing portions of land, in the County of Stanley, will be put up to auction, at the Police Office, Brisbane, on Monday, the 4th of August, at 11 o'clock. The upset price of each lot is 5s. per section of 640 acres, for the half-year, commencing 1st July, 1856 :—1. 19,200 acres, parish unnamed, at the head of the Caboolture River : banded on the east by the fourth section line west of the con- fluente of Gregor's Creek with the Caboolture River, on the south by the fourth section line south of that confluence , on the west by the range dividing Neurum Neurum Creek from the Cabool- ture River , and on the north by that river down- wards to the fourth section line west of its con- flueuce with Gregor's Creek aforesaid 2. 19,300 acres, parish unnamed, on the North Pine River; bounded on the south by that river, on the east by Hay's inlet and the fourth section line west of Redcliff Point, on the north by the first section line north of that point, and on the west by the eighth section line west of that point, dividing it from Whiteside. SPIRIT MERCHANTS.—The following have been registered :—Brisbane, John Richardson & Co., John M'Cabe, George Raff, William Elliiot Glad- stone, Richard Hetherington, R. E. Palmer, Joseph. Wilmot & Co.—Govt. Gazette, July 4 NEW TOWNSHIPS AND VILLAGE.—Sites have been fixed upon for a town at Wivenhoe,in the County of Cavendish ; for a town at Codrington, on the Richmond River, and for a village at Fasifern, in the District of Moreton Bay.—Em- pire, July 5. NEW GOLD FIELD.—(From our Warialda Cor- respondent.)—A rich discovery of gold has re- cently been made by a prospecting party from the Bingara Gold Fields. The gully, in which several valuable nuggets were found, is situated about four and a half miles from Bingara cros- sing-place, and about twenty miles from the Bin- gara Gold Fields, and seventeen miles from Wari- alda, in a gully running into Myall Creek. In- formation having been sent to Mr. H. Low, the Acting Commissioner, by Patrick Read's pro- specting party and several other gold seekers, that indefatigable official proceeded without delay on the 21st instant to mark out the claims ; before the last claim was marked out, and in the space of two hours, the lucky proprietor of the first claim had found a nugget withing ? ounces. Though the water of Myall Creek is distant—one mile and a quarter—we prophesy great success to the Sevastopol Diggings. Warialda, June 23, 1856— Maitland Mercury. NEW INSOLVENT.—Kirkman Speare T???ill, of Moreton Bay, licensed publican. Liabilities —£821 3s. 1d. Assets—value of personal property, £680 : outstanding debts, £403 14s. 9d. ; total £863 14s. 9d. Deficit, £137 3s. 4d. Mr. Perry official assignee. IMMIGRATION DEPOT.—The Depot is almost cleared ; there are only 16 adults remaining from the Persia. GOLD PROSPECTING PARTY.—It will be seen by a letter which we publish in another column, that the gold prospectors have returned to town. Al- though the statement given, and the details of the search are not such as will satisfy those who were very sanguine in their expectancies, to be-lieve they are on the whole not discouraging. If a workable gold field can be discovered in the local- ity of the Emu Creek, we have little doubt that others would be found in different places. If gold is found in those districts in any quanity, it is sure not to be confined to one spot or locality. We wish the letter had given us fuller informa- tion regarding the locality and the reasons the prospecting party have for entertaining such a strong belief in the existence of a gold field in the neighbourhood of the Emu Creek. Probably when their attentions is then directed to ??????- ter, either they or some of the gentlemen who have taken such an active interest in the ?????? will favour our readers with the desired informa- tion. If they show good grounds for arriving at this conclusion, we do not think that the gentlemen who so liberally initiated the enterprise will leave the matter in its present unsatisfactory state. [Family Notices] MARRIED, At Balmain, on the 10th instant, by the Rev. James Vellor [?], Mr. Thomas Blacket Stephens, of Moreton Bay, to Miss Anne Connah, of Liverpool, England. | DIED, 