POLICE PICKINGS. LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT; OR A NEW SETTLER ON THE PATTERSON.—On Tuesday last E. J. Cory, Esq., made his appearance before Mr Dowling, as cavalier servente to a blushing blooming howri from "Erin's green isle", who, when she had been sworn, deposed that her name was Bridget Lynch, and that she had to complain of a full private of the Corps of Sap- pers and Miners, named Joseph Patterson, who appeared on the floor of the Court, under the fostering wing of Mr W. P. Moffatt, for "sap- ping" her virtue, and "undermining" her affec- tions, until, as a natural consequence, a "little stranger" (also in court) had made its appear- ance; and which Joseph entirely repudiated. Mr Moffatt having moved that all ladies should retire, his opponent in business, though the friend of his bosom, Mr Cory, commenced his examination of the fair Bridget. Betwixt smiles and tears, sunshine and storms, Miss Lynch related the history of her misfor- tunes. About twelve months since, Bridget, who happened to be out of a situation, was taking a walk along Pitt-street, between 7 and 8 o'clock in the evening, looking out "for employ- ment", when she met the defendant, who was then attired in dark clothes. At first she mis- took him for another gentleman friend of hers, and she was therefore not much surprised at his addressing her in complimentary language, a proceeding which he explained by stating that he too was mistaken as to Bridget's identity. The apology appeared entirely satisfactory to Biddy, who assured him that "it was of no con- sequence at all", and acquiesced readily in his proposal to take a walk. During their short stroll, this amorous couple settled all the preli- minaries, but being unwilling to enter at once upon housekeeping, they took temporary apart- ments at the corner of Kent and King streets, Joseph liberally presenting his inamorata with a sovereign to purchase any little necessaries which might be required. Naturally of an erratic disposition, Mr Patterson got tired of his domestic felicicity before morning, and retired to his bachelor's lodgings at the Mint. Though he never could be induced to carry out the original scheme of "settling down", he on several occasions paid flying visits to his love-sick dame ; sometimes selecting the neighbourhood of the Gas Works, and sometimes Castlereagh-street, as his Temple of Venus. The result of this Juan and Haidee like system of procedure, was that in August last while Bridget was in service at Mrs Onan's Hotel, at the Glebe, a living proof of Joseph's prowess was ushered into the world, in the person of Miss ''Josephine", then in court, as aforesaid. At this interesting period, Bridget was attended by Dr Johnson (not the Lexicographer), and at her request that "good Christian" undertook to find, and bring up the "retiring" papa. Accordingly, Joseph accom- panied the Doctor one evening to see his baby and its mamma, when the former was about three days old; but on its being presented to him, he expressed little or no gratification, merely observing to Miss Lynch, "Why, you're never a going to put that there upon me", to which that young lady replied that she was, as "it was his own". Joseph's visit was not, however, of long duration, for after having "a gun" at the baby with the candle, he retired, promising to call again to-morrow; a promise, however, which he never fulfilled. Bridget, with the con- sideration for which her sex is so celebrated, never thought of telling her Don Giovanni that he might shortly anticipate the honors of pater- nity, thing that it might hurt his feelings. In conclusion, the injured damsel swore that the faithless Joseph had offered that morning, in the Court yard, to take the child, and bring it up; or to give her 5s a-week towards its support; but that she could not accept so small an amount. Cross-examined by Mr Moffatt—Who had you been keeping company with before you met the defendant? Plaintiff—No one. Moffatt—Hadn't the defendant a red coat on, that night when first you met him? Plaintiff—No, he hadn't. Moffatt—Was he, "a gentleman in black" then? Plaintiff—He was a man in black. Moffatt—How do you know he was a man? Plaintiff—Oh, I "found that out". In reply to other queries from the learned counsel for "the opposition", Bridget swore positively that it was Joseph who first accosted her on the eventful evening in Pitt-street, and that it was he who showed the way to the estab- lishment at the corner of King and Kent streets, and who engaged the apartments there. That she had no male acquaintances but the defendant, and was totally unacquainted with the 11th. She didn't even know the Colonel by sight. De- fendant had constantly promised to marry her, every time she saw him. He had put a lot of nonsense into her head; she had found it out since to be nonsense. She wasn't in "a situa- tion" when first she saw the defendant, but she "got into one" very soon afterwards. Was cer- tain it wasn't September that she first saw the defendant, nor January, it was November. Knew it was November, because she had good reason to know. She had told the Doctor to fetch the defendant, after she was confined. When he did come, he only said, "Why, you're not going to saddle me with this child", and took the candle to look at the child's hair. Moffatt—What then, had it hair on its head? Plaintiff—Yes to be sure, where else should it have hair? Mr Cory next called Constable 29 A, though what he could possibly have to do with it, no one (including the learned gentleman himself) had the slightest idea. Fortunately he was not to be found. Inspector Mortimer suggested that perhaps he was '"oystering", but no one seemed to think so, and the case proceeded by Mr Cory calling Anne Sinclair. Miss Sinclair (evidently a strong-minded woman, and who looked a match for a whole regiment of Sappers and Miners) swept into the box with becoming dignity, and the youthful Josephine in her arms. In reply to Mr Cory, this witness corroborated the evidence of the plaintiff, as to the visit of the defendant at Mrs Onan's, and also as to the undertaking by "the boiled lobster", to take his daughter, or contribute a crown a week towards its support. When the defendant's counsel rose to cross examine Miss Sinclair, that lady at once assumed a defensive attitude, and in reply to his questions, deposed that she had never seen the defendant but once before that day, viz., at Mrs Onan's. That was by candle-light. He hadn't a red coat on then. Was sure it was the same man, because regimentals didn't generally alter people's faces. Thought she should know him (Moffatt) if he was in uniform, though she didn't think it would improve his personal ap- pearance. A pair of whiskers might improve him; and a moustache would make him look quite " nobby". Moffatt (who appeared disconcerted, and evidently as if he had "caught a Tartar") Is that the Plaintiff's child you have in your arms? Miss Sinclair—Yes. Moffatt—Is it pretty? Miss Sinclair—If you want to know, you'd better come and look for yourself. It's a good deal better looking than its father, at all events; or you either. Moffatt—What did you come here to prove? Miss Sinclair—What I had seen and heard. Moffatt—Did anybody tell you what you would hear when you came? Miss Sinclair—No. If we all knew what we should hear when we came some of us wouldn't come at all. Moffatt—I think that will do. The Bench—I think it will, Mr Moffatt. This was the plaintiff's case. For the defence, Mr Moffatt delivered a most eloquent address, describing minutely a lady's feelings under the circumstances which attended the first meeting of Joseph and Bridget; affirm- ing that gallantry to the fair sex was a prover- bial attribute of all her Majesty's forces, whether by sea or land, that no one ever expected them to keep any promise they might make. That his client was a newly married man, and that his feelings would be seriously hurt if such a charge as the present were substantiated against him, and that it would completely blight his prospects, as he might never be able to sap or mine comfortably any more, if he suffered from such an imputation. The gay deceiver Joseph, was then requested by his advocate to stand up in the witness-box, which he did, his intellectual countenance rival- ling his jacket in brilliancy. Having been duly put upon his oath, the gallant sapper deposed that he was twenty-four years of age, and that he had considerable experience of womankind. Bridget's version was all false from beginning to end. It was she who had decoyed him from the paths of virtue. He went to see her after she was confined, because he didn't know her, but fancied it might be somebody else whom he did know. Had never made any offer to pay so much a-week towards the support of the child, but had offered to make Miss Lynch a present out of charity, and because his counsel, Mr Moffatt, said he always made a practice of doing so. His pay, he stated, in answer to the Police Magistrate, was only 1s 6d per day. Patterson went on to swear that repeated attempts had been made to induce him not to bring the case into Court; and added, pointing to Cory, "that man tried to bribe me" Mr Dowling imme- diately enquired how Mr Cory had attempted the alleged corruption. Defendant — He told me I had better settle it. The P. M.—And very good advice too. In reply, Mr Cory called a mess-mate of the defendant's, who stated that instead of Patter- son's pay being only 1s 6d a day, it averaged from four to five shillings per diem; and the Police Ma- gistrate made an order for the bould soldier boy to pay 7s 6d a-week towards the support of Bridget's babby for the first year, and 5s a-week for the following 2 years. In delivering judgment, his Worship remarked that it was a most "extraordinary case", and one which proved the accommodating disposition of some females in this colony. A SUSPICIOUS CASE, AND HOW PAPERS ARE MISSED.—On Tusday last, on the hearing of a case of Austin against Nesbitt. Mr Austin, the complainant, was in the witness-box giving evidence in support of his case when he handed to the P.M. an inventory of the goods illegally detained from him by the defendant, and swore to the truth of the said inventory. During the investigation the inventory was handed by the Justice to the defendant's attorney, who cross- examined the witness thereon. The case was closed, and his Worship declared the judgment of the Court, " that on payment of the amount admitted by the complainant to be due (£5) to the defendant on a note of hand, the defendant was to deliver up the said goods to the com- plainant, according to the inventory, or to pay the value of the said goods (£19), levy and dis- tress, and if insufficient, then the defendant was to go to gaol." On hearing the decision, the attorney jumps up, " Oh ! there is no inventory," at the same time having it in his hand and doubling it up, " there is no inventory with the proceedings." A person in Court happening to see the manœuvre of the attorney to avoid the production of the said inventory, spoke to the deposition clerk, who unfortunately was not the clerk who had taken the depositions, but who referred to the presiding Justice, when he said the inventory was given in evidence and formed part of the proceedings. And the Justice then requested that the same should be produced; the attorney said the inventory was not in evi- dence, when the Justice said it was; and the attorney then drew forth the said inventory doubled up from his pocket, and said that he only wanted to take a copy thereof for the defendant. The justice said the attorney had no authority to take such copy without leave, which leave would be given on a proper appli- cation. " FOOTING UP " TO A NEW TUNE.—It is a proverbial saying, that gentlemen bred to the honorable profession of the law always use good language, and when addressing the Court use proper and intelligible words, but in a case at the Police Office, where a person named Silk was charged with embezzling money the pro- perty of his employers Messrs Wickham and Bell, a person professing to be learned in the law asked a question of Mr Bell, the witness in the box, if he had "footed up" the three ac- counts supposed to have been received by the prisoner. The presiding justice (P.M.) asked what was meant by the words "footed up"? The learned and polite advocate said it was a common expression in the part of the world he came from. The only place it is supposed such expression is made use of is at the time journey- men bakers are kneading the dough with their feet, so as to make it into bread. They then give a statement of the bread they have de- livered the previous day, together with the name of the customer, and this is called " foot- ing up". Presuming such to be the original, it is therefore to be regretted that if the advo- cate should ever have been one of those jour- neymen bakers, or have been an advocate of any such company, that he had not since continued to associate with the like, without taking upon himself the advocacy of the law, of which he appears to be so wholly ignorant. THE OLD STORY OF THE MOTE AND THE BEAM. — The time of the Police Court was taken up during some three hours yesterday, in the consideration of one of the most trumpery cases to which it has ever been our fortune to listen. The charge was for wilful and corrupt perjury, and brought against a member of the detective police force, named Andrew Smith, by that very active magistrate, talented legislator, and doubt- less pious man, Daniel Egan, Esq. The present case arose out of one for assault committed on the 29th of September last, by one Berkeley Lennox, otherwise known as Lord Stuart Lennox, a ce qu, on dit a nephew to the Duke of Richmond, who was at that time attached to the distinguished corps of the Sydney detec- tives, and for which the said gentleman, noble- man, or policeman, as the case may be, was mulcted in the amount of 40s. On the occasion of the assault case being heard, the present pro- secutor, Daniel Egan, Esq., J.P., M.P., and we don't know how many other P's, gave evidence evidence to the effect that he had seen the assault committed by Lennox, while the detective An- drew Smith swore that no assault was com- mitted. Now it is evident that no great value was attached to Smith's evidence at the time, or Lennox would not have been fined for the as- sault, but still the hon. member for Maneroo deemed that his veracity was impeached by the evidence of Smith, and considered it due to him- self and to his constituents to institute the present proceedings. Yesterday Mr Nichols ap- peared for the prosecution, and Messrs Roberts and Cory for the defence. Mr Egan having been sworn, deposed as on the former occasion to the fact of the assault having taken place, and to the defendant Smith having been present at the time. In his cross-examination, how- ever, by Mr. Roberts, the important fact was elicited, that of the deposition of the defendant Smith, which in his affidavit Mr. Egan swore was entirely false, by far the greater portion was quite true. When asked why, when about to prosecute another individual for perjury, he had committed that very fault himself, he re- plied that " he didn't mean to swear as he did," in fact, though the mote in the unfortunate detective's eye was so plainly visible, the beam which filled the optic of the great Daniel Egan, Esq., was not perceptible. Without wearying our readers with the whole evidence which was one series of contradictions from beginning to end, we may observe that one of the principal witnesses for the prosecution, Mr. Nicholas Nelson, gave exactly the same evidence as the unfortunate Andrew Smith had on the previous occasion, viz : that though present with Mr. Egan, during the whole time, he had never seen any assault committed ! There not being even the ghost of a case for the prosecution, the counsel for the defence declined to call any wit- nesses, and the case was immediately dismissed, the Police Magistrate very justly remarking with reference to Mr. Egan's affidavit, that at least he had been guilty of " very reekless swearing." We don't know whether Mr. Egan will prosecute his friend Nelson, but at all events he is much more open to a prosecution himself than Mr. Andrew Smith was. We certainly should be amused to see the humble detective have a go in at the public spirited spirit merchant. 