THE OBBAT NAVAt» REVIEW. Southampton was never so full as it was on Tuesdt night the 92nd, and never so empty as it was on Wc nesday the 23rd of April. Portsmouth and Landpoi Portsea and Soutusea, Langston and Gosport made cor mon cause in tho presence of a common invader, whot howovor, it is but right to say, they leooivod with ope arms; and novar, certainly, was tbero such an invnslc as that to which tho seaports of Hants were on Wcdne day and on Tuesday subjected, livery train, both of tl Soulh-wostarn and tho South Const Railways, hrougl thousands of now arrivals, till at lust tho streets beean so densoly crowded as to be scarcely passable Tl demand for lodgings greatly excooded the accommod tion tho various hotels could possibly afford; and aft seven o'oloclc on Tuesday evening the traveller could n bo sure, of obtaining, either for love, or that yet mo: powerful agent, meney, a shelter for tho night. 'J those who had had the good luck to secure beds fi .themselves, but to none others, it was infinitely umu ing to soo their loss fortunate fellow-travellers wanderie through the streets and " mooning" about weary an footstore, in search of similar accommodation. Bet fetched a fabulous prioe. Throe or four guineas Wi tho ordinary oharge at midnight; and wo have boc credibly assured that, in some instances, tl lodglnghousc-keepors ' had tho conscience to d m and £10 for a single bed I Thousands i persons sat ' up all night ; many slept on boai various vessels in the harbour, and many spent tl night walking about the ramparts, and took no hoi zontal refreshment whatever. Fortunately, it was a flt night, and there was a good view of the moon. Tho di broke gloriously, gladdening tho external world ar «onding sunshine to tho breast of every ono. They mr say what they like about our gravity and tolidtti; and a the l'OBt of it, but no people on earth can enjoy a holidf with a koonor relish than tho English; and th ero nevi were hoarts-if our olimate would let thom-betti formed to ba joyous and happy than ours. Tho su was on his good behaviour, and it was gala day with bil aB with ovorybody else. Tho guns at Portsmouth wor however, somewhat erratio in their modo of nnnounoir tho dawn. First came a fusillade of musketry, tho fin looks of the sentinols on hoard tho ships of the flei being discharged as tho minuto arrived that day wi " ealoulatod" to dawn. This socmod quito en regie, lu soveral minutes-somo 10 or 16-afterwards, a hugo 3Í pounder was fired to denote sunrise. After tho lapso < another ton minutes a third explosion announced tin the garrison recognized tho daylight, this last visitado hoing accompanied by a flourish from a most aBtbmot: bugle. Soon after six the town was astir, and gradual! the streets became peopled with anxious throngs crowe ing towards tho various plncos of embarkation, many < tho visitors in elegant costume. Tho noone at an hot Inter resembled tho multitude of a Derby.day noon mox than an aquatic speotaolo. SREBSINO CF TlIE FLEET. At eight o'clock the whole Hoot, as if by magic, wc drossed in flags and ensigns from their main truoks t tho water's surface; and now tho curtain seemed to hav risen upon tho glorious pageant of the day. But th busiest sight in the national drama about to bo enasto was that presontcd on the land. The myriads of huron beings wno poured on to tho beaoh from every point an outlet were beyond all precedent, and tho hetcrogeneou commixture of cbnraoter was not the least remarkabl feature of tho whole affair. Gradually tho walls, ram parts, ravelins, mounds, housetops, and even churo! steeples, entered into bold competition with the water ii exhibiting their venturous masses, until snrrounilin objects, even tho great Hoot itself in the distance becnm almost insignificant items in tho animated panornmr Tho scone from Soutbsea bench wns magnificent, J violot sky, pure and unclouded ns that of italy-a rip piing, dimpling, Hashing, sparkling sea- a green elasti sward of tho freshest vordttre-dazzling uniforms, nm many coloured costuraos-brilliant oquipages, music (lags, lattrol wronths, happy human facos, and " Indict luughtor ringing tho air," woro tho accessories of n scon as gay, brilliant, and animated as any thnt, with mud oxperionco of popular spectacles, wo remember to hav 1 over witnessed. Tents and pavilions brightly dotted tho greon turi and waggons, barouchos, phaetons, and all manner o things that run on wheels were drawn to tho margin o tho water. Thousands of people sattntorcd over tin sands or lay on the shingle of tho beach watching througt telescopes nnd oporn-glassos tho movements of the Hoot This multitude oxtonded from Fort Monokton on tin wost to Southsen Castlo on tho cast, n distanco of thror milos ; and must havo comprised something liko lO0,00( persons. Near Southsen Castlo a great stand had beor oroctod in tho cause of sight-seeing ; and it, like otho: smaller structures of tho samo description, was crowder with visitors. Tho shipping was everywhere decked ir tho gayest colours, and upon ovory breeza carno tin strains of martial music-tho commingled molodics o Franco and Englnnd. Tho order issued by tho Ad mirnlty, that steam-vassals, of whatever class, shoult burn anthracite coal, was rigidly obeyed by all th« steamers, oxcopt ono ; and let futuro historians taki nota of tho fact-for it affords an amusing commenting on tho diireronco between preaching and prnotising that tho offending vossel was no other than tho Admiralty yacht, tho Black Eaglo. AltBIVAL Oy HEll MAJESTY. Hor Majosty's train arrived nt tho Royal Claronee Victualling-yard at five minutas to 12 o'clock, being nbovo three.qtinrters of an hour after its time. On alighting her Majesty was receivod by Admiral Sit William Parkor, G.C.B., principal naval aide-de-camp ; Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons, G.C.B., tho Marquis Townshend, Aido-do-cnmp, Slr Charles AVood, Sir Maurico Borkoloy, Ronr-Admiral Puter Richards, Roar Admirnl Edon, Captain Milne, Sir Robert Pool, &o.; Hor Majesty was accompanied in tho yacht by Sir William Parker, Sir Edmund Lyons, tho Marquis Townshond, Admiral Do la Oraviero, and Mr. Osborno, Socrotnry of tho Admiralty. After a short interval the trumpeter stationed on tho Pior Battory announced the nppronoh of tho royal yacht. Tho guns of tko Plat- form Battery instantly confirmed tho intelligence, and in a fow minutes tho A'iotorin nnd Albert rapidly steamed ont of tho harbour, and glidod swiftly towards Spithend, amid tho enthusiastic acclamations of tho assembled multltudo, tho bands nnhoro and afloat striking up tho National Anthem, whilo overy vossol dipped har en- sign. THU itr.viEW. Tho Pacific, which wits to havo talton tho Lords of tho Treasury, tho hoads of public departments, and tho Lord Mayor and Corporation of London, loft with one ol' tho Lords of tho Treasury, ono of tho Corporation, nnd a fow only of tho hoods of tloparttnonts. Sho slowly steamed past tho royal yacht, out of tho harbour, and odgod away gently along tho shoro towards tho Nab Light. Sho passod aloso to tho head of tho lino, outsido of tho Duka of Wallington, and nenrod tho Fronuh corvotto, whiuh was tho outermost ship, n beautiful looking craft, orowded with OIIICOM and marinas glittering with gold laco and brass appointments. Tho nanto of tho corvotto in tho Duabayla, and sho is commanded by Ronr-Admiral Jurien do la Graviore. Among tho olllcors selected to accompany him aro Captain do Bolvozo, Lioutonnut Zotlo, who wns soverely wottntled on tho quarterdeck of tho Villo do Paris, while standing by tho sido of Admiral Hamelin, M. Hnmulin (tho sun of tho admiral), aldo-tlu oainp to tho Minister of Marino, M. Buquet, n «oin» chef in tho naval omeo, nnd M. Durand Broger, tho marino Íiain tor, who lins just re tu mod from tho Crimea, wharo ta had boen attnohod ta tho squadron from tho oom monccmunt of tho onmpnign. At this lima tho slngulnr clonrnoss of the ntmosphoro enabled tho lang lino of tho Hoot to bo visible almost to the stornmost ship. Tho number of stonraors having compnny on board wns not numerous, and there wns nn air of still lifo about tho scone, n sllonoo whiuh was vary striking whon ono considered how ninny thousand por snns wuro nt that motnont collected togother in an aron of n fow milos. All this timo tho gunhonts woro not visiblo from the north-east, whoro tho llng.shlps woro stationed, but soamod ns if thoy had boon vary artfully nnd strotogotioolly eonconletl. At a quartor.past twolvo a singla gun from tho Hag-ship announood tho nppronoh of tho royal yacht, which was soon soon rapidly making its way to tho bead of tho two squadrons, and nt tho next instant tho royal salute ran along tho lino ; but in tho position in which tho Pnolllo was placed-to windward , -thero was tho nmnllost amount of report from tho can- nonade, and n llttlo boy was hoard to obsorvo that thora 1 was not hnlf noise enough. About this timo tho vossols which had loft must of their compnny bohind woro sought out by a Wauk, ugly stontn.tttg, willah wns aloso packed with thu bolatml travellers, conspicuous among whom was Mr. Roobuok ; and ns thoy woro rooclvod on board tholr respectivo ships, tho iliH'ctoiit saotlons of thosn who lind received tlokots woro hotter represented t but many notabilities did «ot innko their nppanrantto, and among those wlto wara dellolont was tito Lord Mayor. As sonn as tho royal yauht roaaliod tho eastern, most point of tho lino tho yards woro duly mnnnod, tho Fronoh oorvetto hoing among tho first to pay thin nauti- cal honour, and nothing could ba smnrtor thnti tim way in willoh tho operation was porformed. Tho Frenchman was also vory oonsntotious for tho rloh nnd gay drosslng of his ship with colours of ovory possible Imo nm) tlovioo, and of ovory nation. Next to Ulis ship really tho most fiaily bo-llnggod vossols wara tho floating batteries, tho irlghl colours standing out in light contrast from tholr gloomy, shapeless hulls. Tho royal yacht took up n position botwoon tho two squadrons, head and atom with tho two flagships tho Royal George, in tho starboard division, with tho rod Ung of Sir Cloorgo Soy maur, tho Commandor-in-Chief, .nd tba Duke of Wellington, bearing tba white flag, t St, George's Oroti, of Admiral Duodts. She lay-to nome little time, and boats left both the flagships, wi were stated to be conveying the two admirals on boar ber Majesty. Tho fleet bad by thia time undressed yards ; but tho French oorvetto, with resoluto gallan kept her yards manned daring ¿ho whole of a seimon lengthened pnusa in the proceedings, during whiuh Fairy tender steamed towards tho shoro, and rotun after some delay, it was supposed with tho Lords of Admiralty flag at the fore. At half-past ono Majosty's yacht Blowly 'steamed out to eastward, to about two cables' length a-hcad of squadrons, and there became stationary again. At I moment the whole flotilla of steamers, with company board, decked with tings of every colour of tho rainb and each keeping a somowhat independent courso, cr in sight, and tho scene for tile first timo beoume p tivoly animuted. Tho gunboats wero now seen oreer, up in succession outside of the port division of tho Hi and the four squadrons of these tiny messengers death (which look like Thames steamboats, and so ii diously carry they heavy armament under an air of n tionl innocence) passed round tho Duke of Welling! inside tho royal yacht, and made their way round ftoynl George, skirting tho starboard division of lino-of-battlo ships, and passing on to their allotted ¡ tions in shore. It must bo confessed that this wa somewhat tedious proceeding ; and, howovor correct t proper in a nnval point of view, was rather too lt drawn out for tho patience of civilian spectators. At a quarter to three, nt a signal from the command in-chief, repeated by tho Duke of Wellington, tho li of-battle ships weighed anchor, and in an incredible sp of time they were gliding through . tho water with ti imperceptible motion which, in tho absenco of sails, gi' them so gliding and ghost-like a motion. It was so little time boforo their steam was felt, and tho ro yacht, which bad headed tho outward board, v obliged again to lay-to i but in a fuw minutes the hei most ships began to walk tho waters in admirablo sty Her Majesty's yacht ran on a-liead, and the whole pro array of three- decker, two-doakor, blookship, and frigo swept outin closo and regular succession, running strait for the "pivot ships (sailing lino-of-battlo ships aro ot fit for pivot ships" now), to E.N.E. of tho Nab Ligl and each column, after passing bctwoon them, turn round them, the starboard column turning to port, a the port oolumn to port, headed again by tho royal yaci The tide was now with tho ileot, and they ran rapii back to their stations, anchored, and ngain manned yat and saluted. As soon ns her Majesty's yacht lind pass throügh tho squadron and n oared the shore, tho sou of a sharp cannonade announced that tho gunboats wc giving a tost of their qunlity. Tho nttnoks whioh tb made must have been eminently successful, for in a ve few minutes all was over; and about five o'clock w concluded this grand demonstration of tho naval for of England, at tho end of three yearB of war. LOUDS AND COU MANERS. When London rushes per rail to a seaport on such i occasion, its eyes does not anticipate tho spnoe ovor wbi the evolutions will oxtend; it is measured by miles, co I sequently, all tho crowding and squeezing is on slton I on the ocean there is ample room and verge onough Í i all nossiblo movements by every variety of craft. Tho is tims a disappointment resulting from this vnstnoss our peculiar olomcnt. From no one point can more tim a part of tho movements bo seen ; and of that smt portion tho chances are that very little can bo undi stood. Tho day was magnificent, and in every wi favourable to tho occasion, to bo accounted for by h Majosty's proverbial good fortuno, and the foot til official " arrangements" lind nothing to do with it. Son oftboso "arrangements" failed lamentably; the hid between routine and accident this timo luckily cnug two of tho estates ol' tho realm, tho Veers and Common and, to do thom justice, they growlod ns heartily i humblor mon, and may possibly agitate tho matti " olsowhoro." But this was only a disagreeable opisod of which tho million know nothing. Thoy woro linii tho shore, crowded in n dense muss on tho csplnnat and ovory point from whioh a viow seaward could 1 obtained, I It was intended tbnt tho steamships bonring tho Lon and Commons shaultl attend closely upon tho royt yacht during her Majesty's passage down tho lino-o bnttlo ships, and it was thus proposed to add to tl: grnndour of tho spectacle by giving to tho proceeding something of tho chnrnctor of a national demonstratio! Tho two Houses of Parliament wore to typify tho cordii aid given to her Majesty during tho war just onded b statesmen of nil parties, and were to oxpress by thoi presence tho conlldcnca folt by tho nation in tho valait of our seamen and tho rosouvcos of our navy. But th infusion of this morn! olomont in tho groat nnval rovie' was frustrated by a series of mischances mid raismnnngc mont which can so:ircely fail to becomo tho subjeot c complaint nnd explanation as soon as tho two Hutiso assemble. Tho steamers containing tho Poors and mern hors of tho Lower House did not arrive until tho rovie' was half over. When they did appear upon tho soon their prosonco was officially ignored. They wera nc invitod to toko any part in tho demonstration, or t approach in nny proximity to tho royal yacht, and were in fact, treated as outsiders, like nny of tho hundro othor steamers afloat. THE SHAM HOIIT. To return, howovor, to tho groat business of tho day tho climax of this great navnl festivity. At half-pas four tho royal yacht was again joyfully doscriod benrinj in tho direction of Fort Monkton, and a movo in tin ofilng showed that somotlting WJS nbout to coma oil Whon she bad got within nhout a milo of tho fort jus nnmcd, tho Queen's vessel changed her attack, and wai soon going towards Southern Castle. When sho had pro ceeiled two or throo hundred yards in that direction tin gunboats, which had now formed opposite Southsen Cnstli in squadrons, suddonly opened fito on that Kulburn o tho occasion, nn l their thundering echoes woro quiuklt succeedod by thoso of tho mortar boats, which woro op posed to Fort Monkton and Now Fort on tho west. Flasl followed Hash, echo chasod echo, in rapid succession and tho whnlo lino of tho assailing foreo from Gilkiokcr Point to Southsen Castle, and fm- away in tho horizon wore a tórrido aspect ; so that spectators wore heard congratulating onoh othor tlint this wns not n roni attack directed nvninst English dofenuos, or indulging in lmmnno nnd considornto reflections ns to thu terroi with which snob a dondly nrrny of hostility must hov« filled tho linsslans. Tho pulses of tho air woro agitatod by tho deafening noise, and thoso who listened to n can- nonade for thu first timo woro manifestly nwe-struok at what thoy witnosscd. By this time tho atmosphere had becomo ohsourod by tho smoko proceeding from tho guns, and tho opposite const of Southsen Castlo was completely hidden from viow. Tho rosult of tho attack in that qunrtor could not, therefore, bo ascertained ; tho fort was litornlly, so far as tho oyo oould judgo, blown to atoms. A littlo to tho southward, however, botwoon tho gun-boats and tho Nab Light, tho atmosphere was still uuohsoured; und rapid flashos of light, snoooododby tho booming of distant thundor, told tho spectators of Gil kiokor Point that tho llno-nf-battlo ships wero saluting tho Qucon, and this linnie continuod for sovornl minutes. Mean (imo tito royal ynoht had bocomo lost to viow amid tho smoko of aotion, and ono loynl female subjeot of her Majesty oxhibltod intonso nnxloty to^isoortnin that tho Queen was safo. By ftvo o'clock tho firing was ovor, and every ono was propnring to return borne. Tho roynl yacht stonmod into harbour, nnd at SO minutos to six tho Qucon, Prinoa Albert, and tho royal p'art^ loft tho. Gosport terminus for London. Thousands of pontons woro at tho santo timo seen wond- ing tholr way with all possiblo speed towards tho dif- ferent points of tloparturo ¡ nnd nu nssault was mndo on tho rnilway trains, whioh, it is to bo hopod, was not attended with anything moro sorious than n temporary trial of tompor. ILLUMINATION Ol' TUR l'LEET. Tho most interesting and only novel foaturo in tho day's movoments Avas that rosorvod for tho night, as an Entornillar might say i and this was a thorough novolty to such of tho prosont generation ns occidentally wit- nosscd it. Wo say " accidentally," because no notico of an intontlon to illuminate was glvon in tho Admiralty's progrnnimo, and, consequently, thousands who had borne tho cold and languor of tho tiny lind loft on their return to dlstnnt homos heforo tho ships made this grand ind brilliant demonstration. This wns ofTuotod by simul tnnaously lighting up tho ynrds nnd portholos with bltio lights, At nino o'clock nun Ara, tho whole Hoot nt anohor burst into light ns by mnglo j tho jots ono nbovo nnctthor, mntntoptnnst high nlnft, and tho ports of onoh oponed at onao, showing a vivid glaro botwoon doaks, causad nn unusual roar of ohaorlna from tho sitora, which was oohood and glvon bnok with intorost from tho boats nf tho logion afloat, This, in tho stillness of tho calm night, lind nn effect as imposing ns it wns raro, and clioor upon ohoor npplnitdod tho spectacle, From niuo to ton rookots woro sont up thickly from tho ships, nnd rnlsod a gobion showor upon tho Hunting capital." Tho Commnndor-in-olilof, Slr Gaorgo Soymour, enter- tained tho admirals, captains, nnd others offtoors of tho Hoot nt tho Admlrnlty-hotiHo in tim evening, whoro tho Fronoh Admiral anti stall' woro tba honourod guests. Tho Erobits ono of tho Utrea monster floating bntterlos built of wrought iron by Natilor, arrlvod nt Splthond, from Glasgow, Just in timo to bo n foaturo in tho finale, ITEMS OM1TTH1). Tito wator botwoon tho Wight and tho main land was dotted, not crowded, with oraft of all simpes and tonnngo, from tho low boat to tho statoly lino-of- battlo ship. Tho most ouriosity was oxoitod by tho now gun.boats, whioh woro to ranko their <M6nt in tho prosonou of tho Save, reign, and by tho Hooting batteries. Tko lutter-four low, flat, squat, black, unwieldy eonatraotiom, the TrnatV theGlatton, the Thunder, and the Meteor-remained motionless at anchor. Their appearance inspires a donbc whether they are capable , of motion ; Uley were, how. ever, a foaturo of the scene, for to compénsate for their shapelessness tbey had put on tho gayest of toilettes . they woro more brilliantly " dressed" than rny otkor vessels in tho harbour. It was in vain ; beauty of form. -tba ono thing needful for the oyo of tho amateur_was, not there; their ugliness is irredeemable ; garlands of roses would not give graco to those hippopotami. THE EXTENT OF THE FLEET. The fleet now lying at Spitboad is as greatly superior in point of numbers and force to anything which her Majesty bas previously reviewed, as was tho Baltio fleet to tho squadron roviewed at tho conclusion of peace ia 1818\. At the review in August, 1804, the great feature of novelty oonsisted in the large number of sorew ships, then assembled. It was but a verj; short time previous that tho sorew had boen first tried in the navy, and four old seventy-fours, and five old 40-gun frigates were fitted' with the new invention, to servo merely as block ships. In ono of our early wars with Franco we blockaded, Brest with 10,000 men, who swarmed over tho Channel in 700 sail ; 41 ships of tho Baltio fleet last year carried 22,000. When tho armada was approaching our shores ' our ancestors sent out to oppose it 14.0 ships, crowded? with lö.OOO men. Should another armada scok'to throw a hostile força upon our land, there aro ready at Spithead to oppose it 200 ships of all BÍZOH, propelled by screw or paddles. Of this number tho 08 lino-of-battlo and larger ships aro armed with 2004 guns, and manned by 20,000 British seamen, propelled by 11,800 horse, powor, and havo an aggregate tonnage of 100,700» Attached to those would bo a gun- boat flotilla, whioh in its four squadrons would number 100 vessels, caoh carry- ing from two to four heavy guns, or a total of 030 guns 0318 men, had fitted with 12,420 horso-power. Thé total available steam foroe now awaiting at Spithead tba signal to weigh and proceed upon its mission, would be impelled by 23,720 horses-powerî manned by 32,870 stalwart and disciplined men, prepared to work tho 3220 guns, which would bo rondy to "hurl their fire" upon tho invador, or carry desolation to tho foreign foe. As the ships lay on Wednesday, tho forco of the squadron and divisions was thus divided : Ships, O una. Ton*. Ilorso powor. Crows. Starboard . . 34 1,402 68,079 10,3ü0 14a» Port .... 04 1,10» 61,731 11,000 Gunboats White . . . 41 18« - 3,000 loco Ked ... 30 IBB. - 3,000 1 ooo Mino ... 44 180 - 3,780 1880 Light ... 24 62 - 810 GIO 228 3,178 - 33,720 32,870 These numbers do not includo tho shipB in Portsmouth harbour, and the squadron whioh was employed in con- veying visitors, and which would havo brought up tho total to 200. Thero was ono circumstance which must have struck forcibly every person who witnessed on Wednesday that tremendous display of naval power, and that was, tho total. absenco of all sailing ships, with the exception of tho landon and tho Rodney, which moroly formed tba pivot ships. CONDITION OF THE Biimsn AND RUSSIAN AitiitEs. The Daily Neict correspondent says : " Some of tho RusBinn soldiers who are now walking about our camps aro robust and healthy men, clean in their persons, and well dressed. Tho majority, however, are snllow, wrinkled, and not over cloan in appearance. Many ara wearing patched trowsers, and old underclothes generally as may bo plainly seen whon tho greatcoat is thrown open. They are of all sizes and stature, and vary in nga from mere boys to old men in appearance. Tho Russians make no secret that thora is a great amount of fever and sickness in their camps. They say, also, that in tho hospitals at Simphoro pol, and also at Baktcbi-Serai, typhus fever is very provalent. In tho French camps and ambulances tho sickness is said to bo on the decline. Tho health of tho English army continuos ns favourable as over; it is even assorted that in no body of Englishmen of corres- ponding ago», under nny circumstance of rank or occu- pation, or any climate, has tho por centngo of sickness nnd mortality ovor been so favotirablo as it has been lately in tho British army in tho East. Tho frosh healthy complexion of tho English soldior, in contrast with tho sallow aspect of tho Russian, is ono of tho first and most striking difTorencos which forcos itself on tho attention» when tho two men aro seen together." 