i REV JE WV is . ' is li I First Notice. I Papers and Proceedings of the Royal Society of Van, i Diemen's Land. Val. Ill, part \\. January, 1855, < I Tasmania : Welch and Sons, 1855 ; pp. 194, This is one of the best, if not the very best, publication which the Royal Society of Tasmania has put forth. Having on previous occasions taken care to introduce to our readers the Proceedings of the Society, we cannot refuse on their accession to devote a little space to the mention of the new matters which we have just received. The first article is from the pen of his Excellency Sir W. T. Denison, whose influence thus continues in the colony, to which, in a scientific way, he contributed so much lasting good. The title of the paper is, " On the Heavy Fall of Rain in Hobart Town, on the 26th and 27th February, 1854, Reiff reference to Sewer age, Drainage, c., by his Excellency Sir W. T. Denison, F.R.S, etc." [Read SA JlforcA, 1854. At this moment, the subject is somewhat interesting to ourselves, engaged as the public mind has been with the earth-work attacks of the council Menschi offs on the trenches of the Commissioners. Sir W. Denison had already pointed out in November, 1853, the necessity of proportioning the. time of the sewer to the maximum amount of water to be passed through it; and had shown that the water would be more rapidly discharged from a properly drained surface, than by natural lines of narrow, tortuous, and imperfect drainage and that, therefore, the more perfect the drainage, the larger would be the outlet required. The fall of rain, however, in question was in excess of expectation. It amounted to 85 inches in thirty four hours, (nearly one-fourth only of the quantity recorded to have fallen a few years ago in New South Wales), and to put the fact on r cord for the information of persons employed in town drainage was the object of the paper. The reins in Tasmania are occasionally heavy. In November, 1842, 4 05 inches fell in 18 hours; in November, 1819, 4 inches fell in 22 hours ; whilst in the present instance 6 25 inches fell in 15 hours ; i so that the discharge was nearly double in 1854 than it was in 1842. A sewer capable of carrying off eight inches of rain in forty- eight hours, might not be capable of giving passage to the same quantity in twenty four hours. ' ' i Assuming, ther, 416 of sit inch per hour to be the maximum amount likely to fall in the area of which the Hobart Town Rivulet is the outlet, the next object is to find an expression for the quantity which will have to be passed through any given part of the rivulets during the same period, of gas at this, as nearly as the want of data allowed, levels and sections were fallen at two points ; the depth of water was assumed from recollection, and the velocity of the current was thus obtained at 14.3 feet per second above Wellington Bridge, and 9.6 feet per second above Campbell-street Budge. The quantity discharged at the former was, therefore, 5,559,840 cubic feet, and at the latter bridge 3,248,640 cubic feet during the same period. The mean discharge was thus assumed st 4,404,240 feet, and from this and other days, the area drained was calculated to be 2426 acres. This his Excellency Misses is only a rough approxi- mation, and the remainder of his paper is. occupied in pointing out desiderata towards a more accurate account But, as it stands, it refers to the projectors of our Sydney sewers a very useful series of hints. We presume a calculation was made on similar principles respecting the average and maximum fall of water over Sidney, and the area to be drained, before the sewers were commenced and that the outlet is of sufficient calibre. If not, some wet day, we may all be blown up by an " in- fernal machine." It is odd this idea did not enter into the tactics of the engineers of the select committee on looking through the Report, we do not find a single reference to the possibility of such an adventure. Nevertheless, we do not even that possibility ; but assume that the silence of the Report takes for granted the sufficiency of the sewers. The second paper is, " On the best method of relaxing the dried skin of birds and other animals. By William Swainson, Esq., F.R.S. T.S. (Read, 8th February, 1854 ) This is useful for the taxidermists of the Aus- Ralian Museum, who will have plenty of work in setting up dried skins in the new hall. The third frost is devoted to " Observations on Tas' mania statistics for the decennial per ton, 1844 to 1853, compiled from official sources and published by authority). By James t sunk and, rCtq. (Read, 4th October, 1864)" Our limits for had any analysis of this paper. The principal fact brought out in prominence is the effect of the gold mania on most of the commercial and social enterprises. Agriculture I suffered ; and an immense decrease to supply of food was accompanied by an increase of prices. Neve the- len, the actual prosper i ty of the colony, partly brought about by proximity to the gold fields of the neighbouring colony of Victoria, is s.ear and striking, the bank deposits in 1853, being at the average rate of £28 8 j. 10d. per iouivtuutl throughout the colony, a state of things, says the author "unparalleled, perhaps, in I the history of any British colony in the world, Victoria r j not excepted." 8«ii«t.oiory as this is, it must become in mind, that it is exceptional, and does not represent accurately the industrial progress of Tasmania. The fourth paper is " On the character of Aster, a new division in the family of machines or Trochiform shells ; together with the description of another species of the same family. By William Swainson, Esq., F. R. S.,&j.; [Read 8th March, 1854, with a plate. The fifth is by-the same author, .. Of the character of the several Amphibious Volume allied to the genus Uetampus. [Read 9th April, 1854], also with a plate. The same author contributes the sixth paper " On the Australian Baliotidcs or Bar Shells. [Read 10th May, 1854 ] Of these pretty shells, so readily collected by our fair conchologist. Chitons see the in- variable companions, and of these, the author says, there are but six or seven species known to European collectors (recording answered), as belonging to all Australia, and yet he possesses more than 30 from Port Jackson, besides 13 from the Hunter. The Rev. Mr. Wilton has the just merit of having made a much greater collection, years ago, from the Hunter, but these, we have understood, were taken away on loan by Dr. Dieffrnbach, and published by him in Germany as his own. The eipAfA paper is by the Rev. R. L King, B.A., (incumbent of St John's, Parramatta,) On Australian Bntomostraecms." [Read 12th July 1854 It is a sequel to a former paper, in vol. 2, part 2, January, 1853, embracing the second legion the Lophyiopoda. It is due to the Reverend author to speak of this paper in the highest terms. The visitors of the Paris Exhibition articles in November, 1854, will remember the Vivarium exhibited by Mr. King, and the interest taken by many in his little, almost invisible, family of Cypridea. This paper describes some of those curious and singular brass, giving the anatomy and history of them. Mr.' King has shown himself to be a very careful and trust- worthy describes; and at the same time a scientific lover of nature. The illustrations exhibit him as fully accomplished for his office. As exhibiting the paternal effect son of our amiable naturalist for bu Lilliputian family, we think the following passage worth the quotation. He is speaking of AWnAamia/encitr-fa.- ( " This very common but interesting species lives almost wholly .»arth.o_.i_et.oithewan; In ghost-like plate enabling it to walk along the under surface,' white in by", directed downwards give immediate notice of the approach of aS! W 3W-ft-W1* "f" to Httr.l.;.tV.Bd 'hen was?, off, on by coming to the surface when all rjecomoTtranoritl! . . Ta«y«.«ihimoet«ottve when the sun to^anto'ngrand-ftan; wdtaa^dC'^r^^r11^^^1"« "5s 8d! huhbJr__atu>__rii.°<rtVn,i.,d«"'w,nl »oUon,«lmoat«a geî-.*wAM From the habits of aquatic animalculae we are led, ; the next paper, to an earthly insect, probably of greater interest to our readers, namely, "the Potato Grub of Tasmania " by Captain H. Bxbthou, HEICS. [Head the Starch, 1845.] People who have no taste for an Ociopod will relish a Ptteighto. Captain Berthon tells us, that the grub which, both last year and this, has been so destructive in Tasmania, Is the . reduction of a small model of the Tineidem family, and appears to be the same which has ravaged the tubers of New Zealand. It is supposed to have been imported thence: if so, it may be here Also The moth is about one-third of an inch in length, silvery grey, barred with brown, with the usual pointed sameness, trunk, and other peculiarities of the order " Lepidoptera." It has a peculiar pair of pale springing from the base of the trunk and curving over the back. The ova are elliptical, pearly white, and minute as fine sand. The larva, when full grown are about five twelfths of an inch long ; ee_.i-tr__p-.eat yellowish white in colour, like a white garment, with a tinge of pink. Six thoracic legs, and four pro-legs, distinguish the insect. Toe putsch. chrysalis, is of dark amber colour, little more than half the length of the full grown larva, and is ordinarily placed in one of the eyes of the potato, or other rudeness, and protected by a cocoon of very flimsy and In artificial construction. The time between the laying and the entering of two eggs Obtsjvsd WM ten days. The larva pass in a fortnight to three weeks to the pupa state. They are such gourmands that a couple of them, will thoroughly riddle and destroy a potato of fair size during their brief career. The pups state extends over a period of some months. The moth itself lives but a few days, deposits its eggs and dies. Observation proves that the moth attacks the roof. No instance of injured stems occurred : but moths flew away in many instances from four and five inches below the surface soil. The following conclusions are drawn : - 1\. The best soil for potatoes is sand, or compact team, if the object is to protect them from the moth. 2\. If such soil is not to be had the deeper the potatoes are planted, the better. 3\. Where there is suspicion of marks, the potatoes should be housed the moment they are dug up. All seed potatoes from infected places' should be carefully sorted ; the bags, also, should be burned. Any one who will examine such bags will find earthy looking substances adhering to the sides-these are the cocoons of the chrysalis covered by earthy matter. " They are," says the author, " the media through which the evil is spread throughout the country, and conveyed from one country to another and they are the pests in embryo i, of which every one ought to try and make a clean sweep " We have omitted the seventh paper, to be noticed hereafter. 