LITEEATURE. In the endeavour to present a concise and yet comprehensive view of current British litera ture to colonial readers, it is extremely difficult to avoid both the extremes of conciseness and comprehensiveness, xne amount ot matter at disposal is so great, that, in the attempt to give a place to everything worth notice, it becomes necessary to reduce remarks on each topic to so scanty a limit, that but little information is conveyed. Too much, and yet too little is said — too much on the whole, and too little on each particular subject. In point of fact it is impossible to comprehend in our notices one tenth of the literary productions with winch the press of England teems. We have before U3 a list of exactly 100 works published in London alone, in the week ending the 16th of January last. This is by no means an ex traordinary case, but may serve as a sample of the prolific energy of the British mind. It may serve also to content our readers with brief notices of the more prominent works of the day, and of tho more interesting facts con nected with them. Literary fame is truly a debatable possession. Let a man acquire celebrity, and some envious detractor or cynical hypercritic starts up to prove him an impostor and a thief. Long fellow and Scott, as we formerly showed, have suffered this penalty of fame; and now a countryman of the former, despising meaner quarry, strikes boldly at the reputation of the immortal Shakspeare himself. It was reserved for American temerity to attempt to dislodge this king of song from, his pinnacle- of fame. A writer in Piitnam's Monthly for January undertakes to prove that the dramas ascribed to Shakspearo were really written by Sir Walter Raleigh and Lord Bacon. Whether he has succeeded in his attempt or not our readers sliall determine. His argument is that Shaks peare was a peasant, a player, a fellow without learning, travel, or courtly breeding ; therefore he could not have written the Merchant of Venice, Hamlet, and Othello. But Bacon and Raleigh were learned, courtly, accomplished, tempered by action, travel, great employments ; they were, therefore, the authors of the Shaks perian drama. He who wrote the Essays might have written Hamlet and Troilus and Cressida; he who composed the History of the World might have written Lear and Julius Csesar. This is the sum and substance of this logical gentleman's argument. We cannot re sist the temptation of favouring our readers with a specimen of his style. ' If we had ac cepted this suggestion,' he says, meaning the suggestion arising out of the fact of Raleigh's learning, and the assumption of Shakspeare's ignorance, 'tho true Shakspcare would not have been now to seek. In the circle of that patronage with wliich this player's fortunes brought him in contact, in that illustrious company of wits and poets, we need not have been at a loss to find the philosopher.who writes, in his proso as well, and over his own name also, ''In nature's ixfutitb book of secbect A little I can read ;' we should have found one, at least, furnished for the last and ripest proof of learning which the drama, in the unmiraculous order of the human development, must constitute; that proof of it in which philosophy returns from history, from its noblest fields, and from her last analysis, with the secret and material of the creative synthesis — with the secret and material of art. With this direction we should have been able to identify, ere this, the philo sopher who is only the poet in disguise — the philosopher who calls himself the New Magi cian — the poet who was toiling and plotting to fill the globe with his arts, and to make our common, every-day human life poetical— who would have all our life, and not a part of it, learned, artistic, beautiful, religious. We shoud have found, ere this, one, with learning broad enough, and deep enough, and subtle enough, and comprehensive enough — one with nobility of aim and philosophic and poetic genius enough, to be able to claim his own, his own immortal progeny — undwarfed, unblinded, undeprived of one ray or dimple of that all pervading reason that informs them — one who is able to reclaim them, even now, 'cured and perfect in their limbs, and absolute in their numbers, as ho conceived them.'' Our readers are now prepared to appreciate the truthful criticism of the Leader on this ambitious scribe. That journal says — ' The writer in Putnam's Monthly has not even in genuity to render his paradox palatable. He is deficient in the elementary qualifications necessary for such an enquiry, being incapable of appreciating evidence, superficially informed, and infected with the worst disease which can beset a writer, the delusion that bombast is forcible. In tho introductory paper his main position rest3 on the assumption that Shakspeare was only a miserable player, a deer-stealing ap prentice turned into a money-getting manager, and utterly incapable of being the author of the plays attributed to him. Is there any evi dence for such an assumption ? Not a tittle. And if the writer had but enquired he would have learned that the only dramatist worthy to be placed on the samo exalted pedestal as Shak3pearc was also an actor, also a money getting manager, writing and acting for money, and yet acknowledged by all Europe as the immortal author of ' Tartufe,' ' Le Misan thrope? and ' L'Avare.' But not only is the assumption foolish in itself— it has to make head against tho plainest evidence. Shakspeare was well-known to his rivals and friends. He was cordially hated by some whom he sur passed ; aud if those who taunted him with conceiving himself ' to be the only ShaJcescene of the country' had known he was incapable of writing the plays which galled their envy, their taunts would have been bitterer and their up roar great. Ben Jonson would not have been imposed on by a vulgar actor, and believed him to be the 'star of poets,' or said of him — '' Look how the father's face T.ires in 'his issnn; ovpn fin thfi rnr«n Of Shakspearc s mind and manners brvjhtly shines In his well-torncd and true- filed lines':' vhich is more to our argument than his noble ine of eulogy — ' ' Thou art a monument without a tomb !' Sbr does the American argument fail more lomplctely in the attempt to disprove Shaks -earc's authorship than in the utter want of ;ritical discrimination displayed in its affiliation jf the plays on Raleigh and Bacon. Of tiiese writers we have ample specimens. We know ivhat they could do when all their genius was it the stretch ; we have the avowed fruits of their labour and meditation; and if any single page of Raleigh or Bacon can be pointed out kvliicli indicates, even vaguely, the peculiar constitution of a dramatic mind, we will be lieve that Robert Montgomery wrote the 1 Ancient Mariner,' that Macaulay wrote 'Pick wick,' and that Edgar Poe is the author of 1 Braccbridge HalL' ' It is not to be wondered at that the right of ancient authors to the productions that bear their name is sometimes seriously questioned, when we find that modem writers are occa sionally guilty of the trick of ' fishing with a silver hook.' In a recent number of the Alhenesum we find the following remarks on this topic, which, but for the high authority of that publication, would scarcely be credible : — ' A correspondent, whose name is known to us as that of a diligent and deserving writer, speaks in severe terms against tho practice — which, we fear, is not diminishing amongst us — of persons publishing books as their own which they do not write. He says, ' You have lately noticed with deserved commendation a couple of little books called ? , on the title page of which there appears the name of ? as author. Now I positively assert that this gentleman did not write a single page of cither of these books ; yet, because he buys another man's brains,he obtains notices in the Athenceum which would be a real reputation to an actual author.' The case, no doubt, is a very wrong one ; but it is a very ancient evil in the Re public of Letters. So long as X. Y. Z. is willing, for a consideration, to write essays, poems, plays, sermons, leaders — anything, everything, in the way of fame — and A. B. 5. is willing to pay money for the bubble reputa tion, we do not see our way very clearly to a remedy. Exposure might do something : but then accusations of such a nature must be sus tained by the clearest legal proofs ; and so long as X. Y. Z. observes the secrecy for which he is paid, and A. B. C. keeps his own counsel, such proofs are not likely to come into the hands of D. E. F. or any other third party.' Two of the most recent publications have some claim to be regarded as Australian litera ture. One of them is a work wliich was actually written in Tasmania; the other a poem, the hero of which visits Australia in the capa city of a gold-digger. The poem is by Charles Mackay, the well-known 'poet of the people/ and is entitled ' The Lump of Gold.' It is. s story, ' showing how the heir of a noble bui ruined hou3e left his young wife, the daughtei of a country clergyman, to seek a renewal o his fortunes in the gold-fields of Australia; how I he nearly murdered a friend and fellow-digger ; how he fled back to England, under the im pression that he was a homicide ; lived a wretched, raving life in London for a long time ; then returned to tho village where his wife resided, and was comforted by the ghostly consolation of his reverend father-in-law, and still more by the discovery that the gentleman to whom he had given so shrewd a knock on the head was in fact alive and well, and had returned home. The story is told with sweet ness, and with pleasing descriptions of natural scenery. There is something, too, charming in the Bketch of the kind, mud, unselfish, and charitable clergyman, and his equally excellent daughter. Part the fourth, however — or at least that portion of it describing the voyage of the emigrant ship, and its encounters with fogs and icebergs — is too staring a reflex, both as regards conception, expression, sentiment, and versification, of Coleridge's 'Ancient Mari ner.' In the same part, also, the feverish, frantic working for gold — the jealousy of others experienced by the hero — his murderous attack on his fellow-workman — and his sudden flight back to England, pursued by the ghosts of his conscience — are singularly like the incidents and even the etanza of a poem published in 'Household Words' about three years ago, under the title of 'The Ballad of the Gold-Seeker.' ' By way of specimen of Dr. Mackay's poem, we may mention that the hero, Aubrey, finds a nugget in the shape of a man, and as large : — . ' The gold was long, and broad, and thick, As the statue of a man; — I felt a fever iu my blood That through my pulses ran As I looked and wondered at the wealth All mine to have and hold ! . Alas ! not so ; I could not movo : This thing so heavy and cold ; — Nor I nor twenty men could stir The fiendish Inmp of gold.' If any one is anxious to ascertain the where abouts of this extraordinary nugget, we can giye him no further guidance than may be con tained in the fact that Heseltine, Aubrey's mate, covered it up, fashioned the soil like a mound over a village grave, placed above it a cross of rude workmanship, and graved deep with his bowie-knife thi3 epitaph : — ' Here lies a sinner — trouble not his bones.' Tho book written in Tasmania is altogether of a different stamp. It is a grave, philoso phical, reflective work, endeavouring 'to pre- sent a synoptical view of society, and a theory of government, including generalization and details.' The author is William Smith O'Brien, and the title 'Principles of Government; or, Meditations in Exile.' The circumstances under which this work was written are, of course, familiar to all who are likely to glance down a column devoted to literature. Every one knows Smith O'Brien, for 18 years a member of the British Parliament — for six years a prisoner in a penal settlement. 'He had been a grand juror,' a magistrate, a guardian of the poor, a political agitator, and a convict. His personal connections familiarized him with the aristocracy ; his early career in the Senate laid bare before him the workings of the par liamentary system; his subsequent alliance with O'Connell was a practical lesson in the art of agitation. 'As long as he trod in the steps of his ancestors, parallel with the respect able file of Protestant Irish gentry, he was an esteemed, influential, and mediocre individual, a parliamentarian by birth, a justice of the peace by station, a politician by courtesy. In tho very hour in which, scanning tho world from Daniel O'Connell's Pisgah, he ventured upon a path of his own choosing, he ran into a labyrinth, the outlet of which was in Van Die men's Land. He became first an absurdity, then a nuisance; he was ridiculed; he was shut in tho Speaker's Black Hole; he was transported ; he suffered a graduated series of penalties, and now, a conditional amnesty having softened into serious regrets the last feelings of bitterness in his mind, he publishes, with a preface dated from Brussels, two volumes of scholarly essays, moderate, argu mentative, even fascinating in then- dignity and composure.' Having alluded to the cir cumstances under which this book was written, we have told all that gives it any claim upon our interest. It has no peculiar merit of any kind ; exhibits no trace of commanding genius, or even of more than ordinary mental vigour; shows no signs of the varied experience and training which should have raised its author above the rank of common men. Walter Savage Landor was born in 1775, and has, consequently, overpast the allotted ' threescore years and ten' of humankind by more than another decade. Though hi3 history belongs to the past, his sympathies are entirely devoted to the future, and he is, inspirit and in purpose, perhaps the most juvenile of our living poets. Two years ago he issued hia 'last' work; and now he has published another, work later than the last. It is entitled ' An tony and Octavius; Scenes for the Study.' Of this work the Examiner says; — 'When Benedict swore that he would die a bachelor, he did not know he should live to get married. Mr. Landor two years ago said the book he then published should be his last, but he did not know he should live to write another. No one who remembers the ' Last Fruit off an Old Tree' will feel surprise that it proves not to be the last. The flavour of the fruit was so good, and the yield so large, that age could not in that case be taken to mean exhaustion or decay; and few could doubt that tho tree would again be seen putting forth its blossoms, and, obedient to a law of nature, not to be re sisted, bringing more fruit to maturity. So far there is no matter for surprise in the off shoot of another poem from the mind of Mr. Landor. The peculiarity is that there is in it no mark whatever of old age. There is no faltering in power of expression ; nor do we find in it the trace of any one of those infirmi ties of temper or of judgment which are apt, with the advance of age, to gather in upon the wisest heads, the bravest hearts. We are not sure whether tills 'Antony and Octavius' be not the first example in our literature of a finished poem of considerable length and ster ling merit written by one of our accepted authors at 'fourscore years and upwards.' Much time may pass before another such achievement is witnessed. ' Antony and Octa vius' is a complete dramatic poem having for its topic the last days of Cleopatra and An tony, and the murder of Coesarion. It regards, from a new point of view, that ancient story of the world at stake between gamblers in love and in ambition which has sunnlied for so many ages a tneme ior tne poet s song. The mbject has been treated variously, and Mr. Landor's version differs from the tradition of ' liia brethren mainly in the direction of inter- 3 pretations better suited to his muse. From ] tho strist history we are bound to say that he travels as widely as any. Her whom these , scenes exhibit dying with heroic feeling in the ' pride of beauty at the age of about twenty-one, history depicts guilty of ignoble suicide when a woman on the verge of forty, with her last crime, the betrayal of Antony to his death, fresh upon her soul. But doubtless we get ( our history from the Romans, who were ene mies to the luxurious Egyptian, and, except in cruel little points of date and age, the poets - have as good right to be believed as the his torians. The poetical version is at any rate a thousand times the finer of the two, being the only one with which for centuries past, and for all time to come, mankind ever has concerned or is likely to concern itself.' The book is dedicated, with characteristic independence, to 'Edward Capern, Poet and Day Labourer, at Bideford, Devon.' ' Old Ebony' has no sympathy with the rising school of poets. The last number to hand of the periodical so nicknamed opens with a slashing article on 'Modern Light Poetry,' probably from the pen of Professor Aytoun. Tennyson's ' Maud' is set down as ' one of the greatest impertinencies ever per petrated by a poet ; ' ' Balder,' as a ' wanton waste' of the reader's 'attention and the singer's power;' Alexander Smith's 'Life Drama,' as a poem which might have answered w»ll enough in manuscript for the two souls for which, as the poet says, it was only written ; aud ' Hiawatha,' as making one ' sadly at a loss to find any marks of a great or noteworthy poem in tho chant,' and as being 'fatallv illustrative of a certain kind of life,' but as containing 'very little in itself of any life at. all.' In these criticisms the writer evidently strives rather to be smart than just, though the school in question has undoubtedly per petrated some very grave puerilities. This is a subject which demands more than a passing notice, and we will endeavour to recur to it. A very compact, thick volume, published by Messrs. Griffin, of Glasgow, is devoted to ' The British Empire.' This work is a triple dic tionary. It contains first an extended chrono logy of Great Britain, then a dictionary of people, and then one of places ; both the bio graphy and the geography being extremely well condensed. This is likely to be an ex tremely useful and available book ; it is well printed, and, representing the British empire, it is bound with much appropriateness, the British Lion having his tail erected in a most impressive way upon the cover. The life and character of Napoleon the First have received further elucidation by the publication of a work bearing the following title: — 'The Confidential Correspondence of Napoleon Bonaparte with his brother Joseph, some timo King of Spain, Selected and Translated, with Explanatory Notes from the llemoiresduRoi Joseph.' From the 'Memoirs jfthe papers of King Joseph, the editor of I ;hese volumes has, with admirable tact and luccess, extracted a picture of Napoleon Bonaparte as traced by himself. There was 10 other correspondent to whom Napoleon ipoke so much of his mind frankly; and it is specially interesting to observe that in his mblished correspondencs with his brother Ibseph, which begins as early as the spring of he year 1795, the story of ambition dates from he beginning. The youth is displayed nastering his family, as the man is afterwards lisplayed mastering France, and more than ?rance. Of the two brothers, Joseph appears n the correspondence incontestably to be the -etter man ; the reader .understands and likes lim for his kindliness, and for the sense of ?ight and wrong which is united, or comes into lollision, with his genuine devotion to his -rother. The impression of Napoleon himself itands out hard and clear. The volumes are n fact made up of his own exposition of his ife, and their can be no doubt that they dis play with equal force the immense energy vhich made him to a certain extent master of lis destiny, and the rare selfishness which also vas, to a more limited extent, his helper, since t suffered no regard for any other thing on »rth to stand in the way that led to his own personal advancement.' From the Athenteum we learn that Mr. illibone, an American gentleman of wide ?eading, is engaged on a Critical Dictionary of English Literature — a work very seriously leeded. Lowndes is very imperfect. Watts a out of date, is also very imperfect, and is out }f print. Mr. Allibone is said, on high Ame rican authority, to be well prepared for his ;ask. His method, of which we can judge for mrselves, is novel — his plan being to supply ;he facts about his authors himself, and to juote opinions about them from distinguished critical contemporaries and successors. For jxample, under the title of opinions on Burke, there are 40 brief excerpts from Samuel John son, Arthur Murphy, Lord Jeffrey, Professor 3myth, Dugald Stuart, James Prior', the Earl rjf Chatham, King George the Third, Charles lames Fox, John Roche, .M. Cazales, William Windham, Gerard Hamilton, Mr. Curwen, Rev. Thomas Campbell, Dr. French Laurence, Edward Gibbon, Richard Cumberland, William Wilberforce, Thomas James Mathias, Lord Thurlow, Rev. Dr. Samuel Parr, Henry Grrattan, Oliver Goldsmith, Mr. Richards, the Duke de Levis, Warren Hastings, K. B. Sheridan, F. Schlegel, Robert Hall, George Crabbe, Samuel Warren, T. B. Macaulay, Rev. Dr. C. A. Goodrich, Mr. Shackleton, Sir Jame3 Mackintosh, Sir Robert Peel, Lord John Russell, Lord Erskine, and Lord Brougham. This gives an idea of the work. By such a plan the reader is presented with a history of opinion on great writers as well as a history of their works. If Mr. Allibone's ' Dictionary' proves to be as able in execution as it is felicitous in conception, it will be wel come to many libraries in Australia as well as in America. To book readers there are few subjects more interesting than the history of books, and the evidences supplied by it of an expanding thirst for literature. We make no apology, therefore, for quoting from the Athenceum the following statement in reference to the sales of new books in England : — 'The book-buying power of England is every year in creasing, as we see by the increasing sale of favourite works that arc new, and by the advancing price of favourite books that are old. Mr. Dickens and Mr. Macaulay have more readers this Christmas than ever. Thirty-five thousand copies of the first number of ' Little Dorrit ' have beep sold; and there will soon be thirty five thousand copies of the ' History of England' in the market. In the preface to 'Bleak House,' Air. Dickens told us that he had found more readers for that work than for any other in the long procession of his tales— the circulation we believe was thirty-two thousand. 'Little Dorrit,' therefore, begins her story to an audience increased by three thousand purchasers. The first impression of Mr. Macaulay's former volumes consisted, we believe, of five thousand; the first impression of the volumes just issued is twenty fire thousand. But the work is again in the press, and ten thousand more copies will soon be ready. These issues will amount almost to the full sale of the old volumes ; the total sum of the many editions of thcselatter, including the unsold stock, being forty thousand copies. The his tory of the London book-trade offers no example of such sales in former times, except, perhaps, in the case of Byron, whose boast it was that thirty thousand copies of one of his poems were sold in one day. Mr. Murray's sale last week offers further evidence of the vigorous and healthy state of the book-trade. Iu spite of the de pressing influence of the war, his new works found ready purchasers, as the following list of a few of the sales will show : — Mr. Grote's twelfth, volume of ' The History of Greece,' 1,200; Dr. Liddell's 'Rome,' 800 j Mr. Porter's * Five Years in Damascus,' 600 ; Dean Jlilman's ' Latin Christianity,' 600; €Puss iu Boots,1 2,000 ; 'The Kng lishman in America,' 1,000; Mr. Kcrgusson's 'Hand book of Architecture,' 1,000.' From another source we learn additional particulars respecting Macaulay's History. The 25,000 copies absorb 5,000 reams of paper, 6 tons of milled boards, and 7,000 yards of cloth ; and add £900 sterling to the re venue of the country. 