MISCELLANEOUS. EXTRACTS from a manuscript newspaper issued at sea, in the ship Maitland, and called the AGAIN hand Herald : EQUATORIAL SHAVING. From our own Correspondent.) Having recently had occasion to undergo that extraordinary operation By wind. S E Uraaii Horn" is metamorphosed into a " True Blue," I shall en f- I delivered to describe (to the best of my power the ?y j ceremonies attendant on the " equatorial epoch" of my existence. On Monday last, about 8th., I was considerably startled by a stentorian voice hailing the ship, and still more KO by the mysterious appearance of an " Amphibious looking animal that clattered over the ship's gangway, dressed in the uniform of the Cold sea Guards, Neptune's body blackguards.) He was the bearer of despatches from the Ocean King, stating his determination of visiting us, next morning. After passing his compliments to all around delivering his despatches, and de- spatching a " nobbler enough to kill a horse the envoy departed, amidst a copious shots er of water. Next morning I was disturbed from rather a late slumber, by what I at first thought was a frightful nightmare, or an undigested fragment of cheese," but stern reality was my visitor 1 was hauled out of my virtuous habitation, by the unceremonious claws of Neptune's Acquatic " Peelers" who bore me trembling and submissive before thethronoof that might y Potentate. You can judge of my joyful surprise when I heard the monarch enquire kindly after the health of my venerable parents, place of abode, a , Ka., but mark the treachery S no sooner did my mouth open to reply, than I felt my tonsils tickled, by- the bristles of a brush smothered with treacle, which made my inside feel like the bottom stave of a sugar cask. After which a member of the medical profession (to his shame be it said under plea of reviving mo, pushed (what I am nearly sure was a darning needle) about 3 inches into my proboscis or trunk, and then handed me over to" a barber to be shaved, who with a few dexterous scrapes, left holes enough to sow to advantage a pound of Mustard and Cress, Then I was seized by the ankles and turned head over heels into the water, where I really thought I was going to " give up the ghost ;" but no such luck, for I received such a hug, on arriving there, that I concluded they were certainly screwing me down the stem of a tobacco pipe. On coming to myself a little, the Bear astonished me by actually spaulding in bona fide English-asked Too what I was going to stand ? Thus ended my share of this performance, and I was quite delighted to see others go through the same operation. Some went through It manfully, Some did struggle shamefully, Home Hill pay most painfully. But Oh ! How can I describe his Majesty's Queen- ly rib Shs blooms-4 In beauty like a TOM, Fresh from its patrons Htm. Sofia blooiioJ In beauty like a pearl Drops from home diadem. But the fortunately, be it said, she had got a black eye in the drop, I shall not attempt to describe minutely, the ga v and pleasant scenes as evening advanced : how Neptune condescended to assume the garb and frailties of mortal man, and hiccups out tales of other times nor can I positively swear whether his accomplished Queen could see a hole through a ladder, or how they all " toddled off to their bring home," but I shall merely remark, that it seemed to pass off exceeding well, and if anything occurred to hurt the feelings of any me, it must be remembered that this was no screaming occasion, and that -'Tis a poor heart that never rejoices" Ita that will not merry, merry. Ve With Neptune's jolly dogs, Let me be put in his plays. And he lies with the hogs TM Q U E R I K S" Miller Heodhitter,-S»eir,g the 'bill which u (as evinced in the MaMarrf Herald (just come to, and, I thought I went to the person to satisfy my kewriotite 'board the following queries- , 1\. What will became of the last day . tween them and Sydney 2\. 'Wait who is the ship's log made of T 3\. is not, all the property' on board floating capital ? 4\. town is it though I always wanted am still 'spoRfcil always to lie in "a mess." 6\. Must not the conversation 'between the ship's necessarily "flag" C As the Harroonlck 'Sciete really given up i j the goat ? ) ( Answers wood much oblige yours, j j Pur SIGGINS. j l, \--O0NUNDRÚ-M»_ 1 Why is a new bom Mischke a dooket'J tail? Because it never was seen before. I 2 Why ought the stars to be the best strong. mere 1 Because they have studied (studded) with heavens since the creation ^ 3 When is bitter like Irish children '-When it is made into little pats 4 Why is on eggs underdone like the use overdone? Because it is hardly done 5\. Who was the first whistler; and what did he whistle The wind, and he whistled " over the, hills and far away " 6 Of what material was Eve's wedding day' -A Bean's (bare) skin. . '* 7 Why are Mr Hill's plants so very Iiardr 4 Because they live on board 8 Why is the Maitland like a student Be cause she gets on by degrees. AN AMERICAN COMUIBL ON THE Roses WAS -Wal, you Britishers air 'cuts-you go to the high moral ticket You call annexation rib bery and territorial aggression , but their own, power in creation that's swallowed) more of other people's country without choking line you hear when nobody was looking pertickler. And now your'e a-going to fight for civilisation, by protecting the most barbarous power in Europe, and for liberty by allying yourself with a French despot and Mshommclan tyrant, but did in if liberty ain't a long until better off in the (way, of that old 'possum Nicholas than such meanly. mouthed hypocrites You understand sUbbinJ in the dark-you do Liberty's all bunkum and you If it ain't what do y IU go cringing and scraping to all the despots in Europe for HE j you could raise the hull continent mattie CSUKOT Writing if you had a. mind is" Why don't jj choke off your privileged classes, and act your ed pressed while niggers free, and give bath till black niggl rs in the Indies the country you've; robbed 'me of. instead of sent a thing as u,i(H]|| coming over here with your long face and j. mighty jaw. and unremitted' lies about slavery and Cuba There's no sin in creation your no you ed, ranting, bellotss-winded parliament can't ; commit if they can make a darned tam by it And if you were to take the Crimea, there'd be no holding you, civilisation and liberty, and all the rest of it, would be in danger over here there and the slaves in Cuba would have to he protected' and you'd be fighting against us to preserve the liberal institutions of Spain But there's no fear of that. the leagues will whip you into rib buns When they got a chance Why they've got the sympathies of our country with them, and is well known that every great question noise made Jordan across the Atlantic] is ruled by the public opinion here You'll find out the mistake you made when we offered to mediate between the sergeant powers [the colonel never a I low oil 5 to you to stop him and you took so long to con siding is on it that it never came off at all Now you'll all go to blazes together, and their ain't J man in these diggins as won't be glad to her. that the old country has bailed-up, fighting for the' ha' ha' he' boys, What do you think I Liberty and the colonel wiped the persprulwiJ from his brow, and look ed like a man who Mt Isa had distinguished himself, .. That's it, colonal as-, Joe, in ecstacy of admiration "played on high to make a man Walter tobacker to hit him A CERTAIN REMEDY von SICK HkAraclir. LJ BILL -The most prevalent d orders to which it human frame is subject v, perhaps, sick headache. and bile, suffi road by both sexes and all ages, sol which are the ground work, nay, the very form dutton of millie of the worst of disorders Amongst the many remedies brought before the public, then' is nothing which can equal JIollo] way's i ills for the cure of these distressing coral plaints, their effects are prompt and certain, and] as they strike at the very root of the game they leas othe sufferer in the enjoyment of health after every other means have failed. Their Bills will also cure all liver and stomach corn plaints 