BALLAARAT. (Wrnrn the Herald Correipondent.) Mr. Laior's vote on the Electoral Jiiii has con siderably injured his ■political reputation ia Ballna .rat. One or two of liis i7?ost devoted supporters in the recent election—men who would harp j sworn by the Stockade hero, after expressing to me theirastonishment at the part recently talren by hinl, and characterising his conduct as " too bad, I too b,i<V luvva expressed their determination of I witliolding the'^-Confidence for the future. Besides the People's League, we have another combination just mooted, under the naino of the " Ballaarat .Land Association.'' The projectors are . composed of working men, and the objects contemplated are rather local thau general. A | prospectus is promised in a few days with details; j but the following items of things proposed will I shadow forth the nature of the embryo body— J To petition the Government to rescind the half-nn'ifi boundary regulations. 2nd. To proceed at once in laying out some new streets on the flat, | such as must be formed at one time or another. ] 3rd; To petition the Surveyor-General to survey! the whole of the flat, as a continuation of the 'present township; and that he mark off all reserves for public purposes, in accordance with the wishes of the inhabitants. 4th. To supply gtone, brick, . timber, and other building materials, afc wholesale .prices to members. 6th. To protect each other in having proper valuations on our buildings; and flrti, To. counteract the views of land jobbers, who seek profit at our expense. Tile (ire brigade'movement suems to hare met with the fate of many other good things on Ballaarat, and to have given up the ghost, or fallen into a state of coma, We have had several incipient conflagrations within the past week or two, any one of which, with a slight variation in the atreiichint circumstances, might have Kcduced I the piain, road to ashes, and destroyed many til'Hifands worth of property, and j'et we have) only a little engine, and no water provision or j organised brigade ; while Geelong, with half the population, and a hundred times less risk, pos sescss. two or three engines and an efficient brigade.. ' : * ! Tq\vn Clock.—The public of Sandhurst are to 'have a town clock at last, which is to lie placed in front of the wooden box designated the Town Hall, in the course of next week. Tli« cost of the clock will be about £.30. It is large, and appears well suited for the purpose, and the only pit/ is that so fine a; clock .could not be placed upon a more suitable building-. Mr. Joseph, watchmaker and jeweller, of Pall Mall, has been entrusted with the important duty of furnishiug the public with a means of knowing the time of day, and the future town clock maybe seen at his shop. Sa.nwuhist Chamber op CoMUEjinB.' A meeting "of . the Provisional Committee vraa held last evening at the Royal Hotel. There were ubout a dozen gentlemen present, consisting1 of many of .the chief business men of the town. Mr. Sul livan was in the chair. The gentlemen present seamed very much interested in the success of "the movement, and no delay will be allowed in making the necessary preparations:. Some eighty or ninety subscribers have already been enrolled, and there will be- very little difficulty in in creasing this' number. There was an interview ■ with a deputation from the Committee of the Mechanics' Institute, in which a proposal was made to. grant the use of the Institution, the Library' and Reading Itooms to the Chamber, if <he members ot* the latter also became members of ttio Institution. The subject was deferred for future consideration. The necessary prelimi naries wire arranged for holding a mseling of the • subscribers (I1! l'ie fa'1 of January, for the purpose ; of electing a regular Committee and Office-bearers, nml tho meeting then adjourned sine die. •. The Lath Owtbaos at Bet Bet.—Mr. Cox JJutciier at the Bo,i Bet still lies in a very precari ous state.- Through some error which must have produced a very unpleasant sensation to the ■family, the Coroner was sent for jtjie other day to .lipid no inquest, but we ure hiappy to add his' fiervim- were not xoc^to St—Mny^horouih 4<iVer~ #er. 