THE FIRST LION. " Go on," I said to my companions, " I will follow you." They had scarcely gone ten pace, when a most formidable roar resounded in the ravine at our very feet. This road filled my heart with so much joy, that for- getting the unfortunate state, of my gun, and not caring whether I was followed or not, bed through the wood in search of the When I ceased to hear him, I stopped ten. Bengazi and Bououmbask were you my heels, pale as ghosts, not daring to speak, but gesticulating at a great rate, to make me comprehend that I was sacrificing my life. A few minutes after the lion roared again, at about a hundred paces from us and at the very first growl I dashed forward, rushing through the wood with the impetuosity of a wild animal When the lion ceased to roar, I halted again in a small glade where my two companions joined me. My dog, who until then had kept behind me, without seeming to comprehend, began to sniff the wind : when be entered the wood cautiously, with his hair bristling and his tail low ; a minute after he came galloping back much frightened, and crouched down between my legs. Soon after this I heard loud and heavy steps on the leaves which covered the ground, and the rustling of a huge body through the trees holding the glade. It was the Hon. himself leaving his lair, and ascend- ing towards us, without suspecting our presence. Bengazi BEd the spans were already shouldering their guns. I then pointed out to then with my foot a knife some paces behind me, telling them not to stir from that spot until the" end of the drama, a command which they did not fail to, obey, Indeed, I must give these worthy fellows much credit for persisting in staying by me, notwithstand- ing their extreme terror for judge it as you please, I, for my part, think it no mean courage, when you have your doubts about the success of an adventure, to accept the passive part of spectator, and to remain unmoved on the scene of action. The lion was still ascending f I could now measure the distance which separated me from him, and could distinguish the regular, rumbling sound of his heavy breathing. I then advanced a few paces nearer to the edge of the place where I expected him to appear, in order to have a chance of shooting him closer. I could already hear him advancing at 30 paces, then at 20, then at 15, still I felt no fear. All I thought was, suppose he were to turn back I Suppose he does not come out into the glade ! And at each sound which showed him nearer to me, my heart beat louder, in a complete rupture of joy and hope. One anxious thought only crossed my mind. " What if my gun were to miss fire?" said I, glancing down upon it. But confidence again prevailed, and my only anxiety was for the long wished for appearance of my foe. The lion, after a short pause, which seemed to me an age, began to come forward again and presently I could see before me, by the starlight at but a few paces off, the top of a small tree, which I could almost touch, actually shaken by the contact of the lion. This was his last pause. There was now between us two but the thickness of that single tree', covered with branches from the foot upwards. I was standing with my face to the wood, and with my gun pointed, so as to be ready to fire the moment the animal should enter the glade and having still an interval of about a second, I took advantage of it to make sure that I could regulate properly the aim of my barrel. Thanks to a glimmer of light which came from the West, to the clearness of the sky filled with shining stars and to the whiteness of the glade, which was conspicuous against the dark green of the forest, I could just see the end of my barrels that was all, but it sufficed for so close an aim. It is scarcely necessary to say that I did not waste much time in this investigation. I was beginning to find that the animal was rather slow in his motions, and to fear that, instead of advanc- ing inauspiciously, he had become aware of my presence and was about to spring over the letters which separated us. As if to justify this fear, the lion gave two or three deep gi owls, and then began to roar furiously. OF my fellow disciples of St. Hubert ; you, who can feel and understand, fancy yourselves at night in the open forest, leaning against a small tree, out of which rises a volley of roars enough to drown the noise of thunder itself. Imagine yourselves with only one single shot to fire on this formidable animal, who only full by the merest chance under a single ball, and who kills his opponent without mercy, if he is-not killed himself. You can doubtless understand that, had I trusted to my own strength alone my heart would have failed me in spite of my efforts my sight would have become due and my hand unsteady, Yes I well confess frankly and without shame, that that terrible roar made me feel that man was small indeed in presence of the lion and without a firm will and that absolute confidence which I derived from the inexhaustible source of all power, I believe I should have failed in that awful moment. But this strength enabled me to listen to the tremendous voice of roy enemy without trembling or even emotion and to the end I retained a perfect mastery over the pulsations of my heart and a full control over my nerves. When I heard the lion make a last step I moved a little aside, and no sooner did his enormous head rise out of the wood, at two or three yards distance from me, and he stooped to stare at me with a look of wonder than I aimed between the eye and ear, and slowly pressed the trigger. From the instant I touched this until I heard the report of the gun, my heart ceased to beat. After the shot I could hear nothing ; but through the smoke which enveloped the lion, I heard the most tremendous, agonizing, and fearfully protracted roar. My two men meantime had jumped up, but without making a step forward, and unable to see anything, stood with their guns shouldered, ready to fire. For myself, I waited dagger in hand, and one knee on the ground, until the smoke should disperse, and I could see how matters stood. As soon as all was clear, I beheld-first one paw-and heavens, what a paw.' then one leg, then a shoulder, then the head-and at last, the whole body of my enemy. He lay on his side, and gave not the smallest signs of life ! _ " Take care ! do not approach him yet," cried Bengazi, throwing a large stone, which bounded from the lion's corpse. He was dead ! That day was the 8th of July, 18\. Without allowing me time to approach my victim, to contemplate and to touch him, my companions sprang towards me like two madmen, and I had all the trouble in the world to save myself from being knocked down, and smothered by their wild demonstrations of enthusiasm, gratitude, and joy. After. meat became the lions turn, upon whose dead carcass they showered insults, epithets, and blows, firing at the same time shot after shot to announce the news to the neighbouring douars.. After jumping, dancing, gambolling, and howling to their heart's content around the animal ; after measuring his length, the breadth of his head and of his flaws, the size of his teeth and claws, I was at last allowed to see and touch him in peace, and at my leisure. I had no difficulty in ascertaining that he was indeed the ancient monarchs of the forest. To give an idea of what this lion was, it will suffice to say, that with the strength of our six arms, we were unable to turn him round and that his head alone was so massive and heavy that I could scarcely raise it from the grounds Life and Adventures of Jules Gerard the Lion. 