Election Notices I Ä~1ITY ELECTION.-HENRY LANGLANDS, Eil., \Kj will Addross tho Electors of St. Patrle'i's Diviilon at tho Manchester Inn This Evening, tho 27th Instant, at Sovon o'clock sharp. W. BOBINSON, Secretary. ._« ÍTY ELECTION.-îlr. RICHARD HEALE3 will Address tho Electors of tho Eastern Hill Division at tho Protestant Hall, Stcphon-street, To-morrow Evoning, 23th August, al Sovon o'clock sharp. W". ROBINSON, Secretary. CMTY ELECTION.-Mr. EBDEN will moot the J Electora of the City on Friday Evening, at Seven o'clook, at Astley's Amphitheatre._ 70 CENTRAL PROVINCE.-Tho Scrutineers ap _ polntod on hohalf of JOHN P. FAWKNER, aro respectfully requostod to hi lug in thoir different JUts at Sovon o'clock preclsoly, to the Contrai Pro vinco Cominlttoo-Room. Exchange Hoto!, Swanston Street. Tills notice Includes all tho districts. ' T. O. ATKINSON, Secretary. '__2078 ELECTION NOTICE.-Mr. COOPER Invites the Electors of East Bourke District, to moot htm ot tho Broadmeadows Hotel on Wednesday, 27th ini>t., at Five o'clock p.m. 00 ELECTION NOTICE.-Alderman BENNETT will Meet tho Electors of East Bourke In the under- mentioned places on tho dates and at the hours herein specified : At the Old Plough Inn, on the Plenty-road, at Eleven a.m., on the 20th. At Mr. M'Dougall's Inn, at Threo p.m., on the S' mo road, and on the samo day. At Mr. Whltty's, Woodstock Hótol, on tho Darob'n C» cole-road, at Two p.m., on the 27th. ' At Mr. Dudlej's, Fountain Inn, Rocky Water Holes, nt Til roc p.m., on tho 23th. At the Robort Bums Inn, Klnlochowe, at Soven -ni., on the 23th. _Si aug23 , LECTION AUDITOR for the South "provlnoj, 'J Geo, Walstah. OiTico, 16 Temple Court. 80 aug 27 E Mlt.'GREEV'ES Addresses tho Electors of North Melbourne, at Halllday's Coorgo Hotel, This ï*\enhig, nt Half-past Sovon. 10f '.O HENRY LANGLANDS, Esq.-SIr,-Wo, tno undenlgncd, Electors of Melbourne, having full ulldcnco In the integrity of your character, and hi Jour ability to judgo of tho Important quostlons tliat must como boforo the first Legislativo Assembly of Vic- toria, and being also awaro of your opinions with refer- ence to tho groat political topics of tho day, request you will allow yourself to ho put In nomination as» candidato for the purposo of roprosonting us in the loi (.boorning Legislativo Assombly, and wo hereby pledge oursolves to use our host endeavors to secure j-our return. | Hero follow 405 Electors.] Gontlomon,-In compliance with the oqulilrto'i with which you havo honored me, I ohoi-Wly j>laco my services at your disposal. Itis my Uilre, und, if elected, shall ho my endoavor, to servo you diligently and faithfully. My principles havo boon, In substanco, tho samo tomeo I carno to the colony, and, as I havo not shrunk from avowing thom on all sultablo occasions, thoy may Vo known to most of you ; but on the presont occa- sion a short statomont of my prosent convictions on Iho most important topics of the day maybe oxpected, ruid aro as follow! : Tlio 53rd clauso of tho Now Constitution should he ¡ropoalod, as I believe Stato aid to religion is injurious to Its progress and purity. I am favorablo to a national systom of education, lmt not fully decided as to its details. I am opposed to a property qualification for morn J>ors. I will support manhood suffrage, and am in favor of an improved division of tho colony into electoral dis- tricts, whorchy representation may ho chiefly based on population, hut so an to afford the opportunity of every importaut intorost In the colony being fully and l fairly roprosontod. Increased facilities for the easy acquisition of land 1 every district of tho colony. Discouragement should nlso ho given to prlvato speculators holding very largo portions of land, suitable for cultivation, unimproved. By rotaining tho presont upsot prlco of land, and re- quiring public competition, abusos aro provonted ; ? such as tho alienation of large portions of valuable land at an Inadequate prlco, and tho giving opportu- nities of preference In tho communication oí informa- tion of land having boon su'rvoyed and ready for se- lection. I am in favor of law reform, such as simplifying the conveyance of land and heritable property, &e.; To improve tho moans of communication hy 'diminishing tho time and oxponso of transit, Mu . early formation of railways and tho Improvement of roads and bridges aro of tho greatest Importance ; and billig essentially reproductive, may be legitimately lia»tonod in thoir formation by thoassistanco of foreign I* capital. , ' As the abovo sontlnionts have not boon hastily or -Inconsiderately embraced, I am not llkoly to chance . them ; but should I do so, I will placo my seat at tim disposal of roy "constituents; hut on other subject* I claim tho unfettered consideration of them In fie ¿oglslatlvo Assombly. Regarding good morals as essential to tho woll liolng of sooloty, anything affecting them shall hive my careful consideration. The convict olomont being highly Injurious, if thoro ho an Influx of convicts from any part of the Australian continent, it may become on'o of tho first things to show tho importance and nccosslty of fedoral action. . In conclusion, my sympathies are with tho massss and with progress-steady, rathor than fitful or retro grosslvo ; not rojecting any suggestion becauso It is now; but If It bo of an important nature, giving it all tho moro careful consideration on ncconnt of iti novelty. > I am, Gentlemen, Yours rospoctfully, H. LANGLANDS To John Pascoe Fawkner, H.L.C. ; Goorgo Harkur, Esq. ; Thomai Hao, Esq.,M.L,C. ; F. J. Sargood, Esq., IlI.L.C. ; Daniel Camoron, Esq., H.L.C; James Service, Esq., J. P. ; David E. Wllklo, Eiq., M.D., and tho other gentlemen signing the requisi- tion._Bl wed and sat sop 0 TO THE ELECTORS OF WE8T BOURKE. Gentlemen,-At the urgent solicitations of many of my friends in West Bourke, I beg to offer myself as a candidato for your suffrages at tho forth- coming oloction. I do so with diffidence a* to my abilities, hut with firm faith In my political principio:, licliovinrr thom to bo çrroundod upon common senso and reason, and to be held by tlio most lllioral-niiii 1? I men In the colony. _Election Notices. I am unknown to my follow oolonlbts as a political li an ; but I fool great Interest in this my adoptol country's welfare Should j ou think me worthy of } our confidence, I shall bo proud to dovote my tiras i vii enorgios for its advancement and prosperity. The inauguration of tho Now Constitution I tullovä * ill always bo oonsldorcd a groat and important event lit tho «inala of this country ; stilt I am of opinion (lint It must bo nltored in many important features, loforo it will bo sultod'to tho requirements of tho eountry. Tho most important Interest in tho county, In my opinion, is tho agricultural one. I would thoroton! support any moasuro having for its object the pros- perity and advancement of »jriculturo. I would advocate tho borrowing of largo loans for the promotion of Govornmont works, especially for tho formation of railways throughout tho longth and breadth of tho land. I would also wish to soo largo sums judiciously cxpondod upon tho roads and brldjos of tho colony. In short, I would oncourage any mix niire having for Its objoct tho opening up of tho country. It is my opinion that all largo contracts should ha decided by a committoo of tho Logislativo Assembly, so as to prevont jobbory and corruption. I am against compensation to squatters unless for actual losses, to be proved boforo a jury in tho courta of law. i I should be against alterlng-the present upset prio J and mode of salo of land. I would, at the same tin», always have sufficient quantities of small lots in the niarkot for all purchasors, and bo glad to soo some oro lit system established for bona fide agriculturists. As It i égards tho alionation of lands known to bo au-lfo .. ous, I nm of opinion that thoy should bo rotalnod in tho hands of the Govornmont. If tho nurlfaro 11 lands of the colony bo sold to capitalists, tho minora will soon bo doprlvcd of a considerable portlo i of their earnings, and a stnto of thlng3 similar to that which exists in tho old country will soon bo brought about. » It is my firm boliof that tho causo of religion would bo advanced by tho withdrawal or State aid. I would support any moasuro having for its objjjt the merging of tho prosont systems of education Intj one, by which a sound secular education should be Imparted to all the youth of tho colony. Tho ballot I would firmly uphold, believing it to be great protection to tho poor man's rights. I am for the abolition of tho property qualification for members of both Houses. I should advocate tint the country bo divided into equal electoral distrlucts, based upon population, not geographical extent. I believe It to bo unjust in principle to tax a man without his consent, and unless a man has a voice in the representation of his country, ho cannot be said I to elvo lils consont to any moasuro passod by tin r, i gislaturo. I am, thoroforo, in favor of manhood suffrage. I would also havo somo system of roglaîr i i tlon, so that any man who liad resided in tho country twolvo months should havo tho right of suffrage, I am In favor of a federal union amongst tho Aus- tralian colonies, partioularly for bringing into opera- tion steam communication with Europe and a uni- versal tariff. I will tako tho opportunity of mooting you per- sonally in tho various districts boforo the day of elec- tion. With this brlof exposition of my viown and principles, I leave my interest in your hands. I am, Gentlemen, your most obedient sorvant, JOSEPH WILKIE. Collins-stroet, Molbourno, August 11th, 1850. _00 wod sat-oct 8 rrO THE ELECTORS OF THE KYNEl'ON J. BOROUGHS_Gentlomon,-Under tho impros i-lon that tlioro is a numorous and important class ol ti o doctors of the Kyneton Boroughs unroprosoiitod in tlioir opinions by any candidato for tho Homo ol AEFcmbly nt prosont in tho field, I, in accordance with tho wishes and advice of friends in Kynoton ami residing olsowhero, but largely Intorcstod in t'ic locality, bog to present myself as n candidate for the honor ofrepresontliig you on tho principles disciosod in tho following addross :- ' During a long resldonco In this country I havo li prnt hy oxperlonco that tho woll-bolngof individual! Is idontical with gonoral prosperity; so that In tile n cut of my return as your mombor, I shall consider it equally my iiitorest and duty to support such liberal measures as rccognlso the rights and promote tho welfaro of tho operativo and industrial classos, ano lo opposo restrictions upon individuals in tho choice II conduct of their buslnoss, such as I conceive tho i listing laws in roforonco to tile llconsing system in pt-ncral to bo. I consldor ospocially tho high Hoon io ices exacted under thoso laws, and tho excessive i>( were conferred by thom on Courts of Potty Sosdo is, Injurious to tho public Interost, inasmuch as'thoj obstruct individual oiitorprlso and afford almndanl O] portunlty for favoritism and corruption. 1 am in f.ivor of'titato aid to religion, as I conçoive it to bo necessary in fact, and the host Incentivo to voluntary oxertlons. Such an appropriation of tin fund, however, as would glvo to tho lo3s donsoly poo pled districts of tlio Interior increasod assistance would meet with my ready advocacy. 1 shall strenuously support tho most llboral grant! for educational purposes, and I dosiro to coe our tw< Hoards of Education consolidated together upon i \Mitcm as comprehensivo as posslblo-sei IpturiJ, bil1 not denominational, as to religious training-leaving to pnronts and guardians full powor to nccopt or ro joct for tholr children that scriptural instruction, am facilitating whorovcr desirable separate Protestant am Reman Catholic schools. Looking to agriculture as tho main souroo of tin pcimanont wealth of nations, I doom It dosirab'e ti encourage tho occupation of tho land, and tho do volopmont of our agricultural interests, hy ina'chi{ and improving roads and bridges, by tho constructT of railways, the onilow-mcnt of agricultural soclotlos the application to colonial farming of recent dis colories in chemistry mid Improvements In machinery and the establishment of ondowed rural inuiilcijiall ties, to hnvo ehargo of roads, pounds, commons timber and wator roscrvos, and control over dlsirlc police. , I cannot regard tho present upsot prlco of land a too high, concolvliig that tho reduction of it wouli causo tho best and most valuablo land of tho countr; to bo quickly bought up by capitalists, or compinia ofcnpltalists, to the exclusion ortho&ono;^dcocciipiir except at au exorbitant advance on the purchase coi1. lu reforonco to what Is commonly tormod the squ it ting question, it appears to ino, 1st, that paston occupants of Crown lands should pay a sulll.-h i routai for the privileges thoy enjoy ; 2ndly, that 11 terms of tholr tenancy should bo such a not to prccludo the salo of tlio land w'ioi required by the Increased population am capital of tho country ; and Snlly, that no coinponsa 1 ion whatovor should bo awardod, exoopt for actuó and clearly proved losses. Immigration must over bo considoioda vital qucs tlon, and Iain pioparcd toadvocato tho Introdujtloi o" the host class of bounty omigrants, to tho fu'loi oxtcntoftho available moans of the colony. Thissubjoc I concelvo to bo of tho groatost importance, as, uu lo tlicpresontciicumstancosof Europe,wo may reasombl; oxpect that a better description of workmen w11 avail thomselvos of tho advantages . which asslstoi emigration ollera to them ; and that under a mor efficient agency than tho Commissioners in Englatu havo provod to bo, a very largo and valuablo inoroasi to our population will bo secured. Law reform, moro particularly in roforonco to tin simplification of tlio laws relating to real property, t tho cost of convoj ancimr, and to tho abusos whlc havo crept into tho admlnlbtratlon of our civil oik will have my earnest support, In conclusion, Gentlemen, I can only add, tint i tele neither placo nor power; but having ampio lo: huro, I am desirous to devote it to tho aorvico of in r ('opted country, and If placed by you In tho bonni iihlo position of your mombor, having no privet interests to serve, and belonging to no party, I s'n give my opinions fcailcssly, and my votos consoler tiotisly, and shall uso every honest endeavor to di' thargo willi ndolity tho Important trusts confldod t nie. " I havo tlio honor to bo, Gentlomon, Your most obedient sorvnnt, ROBERT NALDER OLARKI Kynoton, August Mth, 1850. P.S. As I labor under the obvious disadvantage i being perhonally, unknown to many of you, ana foi deeply tho importance of tlio public principios o Mhlch I tako my stand, and tho dosirablenoss thor foro of affording thom a fair opportunity of hoir îcccivcd by you and advocated in tlio Connells of ti land, I beg at onco to doclaro my fixed dotormlnatlc to abide tho full issuo of a contest, and to afford yo c\ cry facility for becoming acquainted with mo pr i ious to my coining to the poll. 84 aug 23 and 27 TO TriË'ÊLÊCTORS OF~THE EASTERN P.I VINCE.-Gentlemen,-Having boon roque itt liv a numbor of tho electors of your provlnci I allow mysoif to bo placed in nomination as a candid ii lor your suffrages, I havo felt it a duty to ni fellow-colonists to accedo to tlioir roquest. I lui now tho honor of soliciting j our support, and 1 doing so I beg to lay boforo you a brief outline i tl.o principles which will guide mo, should you pla« ire in tho honorablo position to which I aspiro. 1 look upon the question of Statoald to religion i tno forman to judgo of as botweon himself and h i onsclcnce. I npprovo of tho voluntary systom, yot \ ould not wisli to soo the 63rd clauso of the Coi nilution abolished at once, as many thinly populate ?'¡strict* of the colony would tims bo deprlvod of n Pglous instruction altogether. One of tho moat important subjootB to which J tglslaturo can tura its attention is tho propor oduo t on of tho pooplo. I nin clearly of .opinion that II ould bo mado compulsory by law on parents t itlucato thoir ehlldron. Sectarian projudicos run i high that I fear It will bo impossible for any Legist turo to devise au educational scheme comblnii ] ropor religious instruction which will moot with ti concurrence of all parties. I would therefore advoci: I ho denominational pj stem for tho thickly populate districts and tho national for tho thinly pooplod par . of the interior. . ,. , . Tho idoa of ostabllBhlng olettoral districts basod c population lias boen promulgated by a numbor of cal dldatoB. I would oppose any moasuro based on sui a principio, on account of its tondoncy to contnll all political powor In the largo towna, whereby ti country districts might bo doprlvcd of tholr j« rights. - ; KI On the squatting question my ideas havo olwi, been moderato. I hold that wlioro a loss lias bet pustalned compensation should bo allowed. With ti ultra opinions oxpressod on this quostlon by BOH representatives in tlio last Council I could novor agre neither do I think tlio gonorallty of tlioir constltuan coincided with them. Tlio fonnatlon or ralhvnys should command tlio tontion of tho Legislature. Duo discretion will i qulro to bo oxorelBOd In settling the details attond i on tholr construction, or In a few years tlioro will 1 so largo a debt contracted that tlio Interest tlioro will not only oat up tho earnings of tho railway» tho solves, buta groat portion of tho territorial rovonuo well; and"wo cannot always oxpoet to havo so lar an amount ofannualrovenuoasour present prosporl gives us. Wo must also bear In mind that tlio croain ' the lands from which our largo territorial revenues a ' now obtained is fast passing out of our hands. -I would advocato a moro oxtondoa 83'stem of linn gration, moro especially of agricultural laborers ai navvies. , , ' Should I havo tho honor of being ehoson as on« your representativos I shall uso cvow effort to ha the govornmont of tho country carried on for t trcnoral bonofit of all classes of tho community, a Hs I doora It essential in tho r1 ghost do¿i . to tho boat interests of Victoria that tho two How of Parliament should work cordially togothor, I Bli eparo no pains In endeavoring to ensure so import-i and dosirablo a result. I havo tho honor to bo, Gontlomon, Your obedient sorvant, WILLIAM KAYE, 2217 c alt & w« Eleotion Notices rpo CHARLES HOTSON EBDEN, Esq., "MOI J. bourne.-Sir,-Wo, the undersigned, Eloctora ot the City of Melbourne, roquost that you will allow yourself to ho placed in nomination as one of oar re- presentatives In tho Legislativo Assembly at tho forth- coming «lections. Wo are anxious to socuro-your fccrvioes bocauno wo fool that your high political characlor, and your political experience and Mod noal >n tho service of this colony, with which you havo boen so long and deoply identified, aro the host as «uranccs that our rights and interests will bo carefully guarded, and energetically promoted by you la tho now Parllamont. In tho ovent of your acceding to this req*o«t we vlll uso our host oxertlons to socuro your return. Molbourno, Oth August, 1850. Wm. Hamilton Hart Jno. M'Namar* Win. Degravos Jarnos Wado Sanlei If. Clovo Janies Mallach Vi. J. T. Clarke Pal. Donohuo J. Mathows Thos. Dickson B. H. Matliows John Hogan John Porter Jno. King J. Badcock Bornard Owon« ' II. Joshua Corbett Win. Cook» Philip 0. Kington Jeremiah Ryan ii heo. Jno. Suiunor Goo. Wailloy a hos. Hnrkor J. Vi. Boll J'. J. Nankovlllo Robt. Campbell it. D. Iroland James Flanagan .Raleigh, Locke, Thorp, James Dunn and Co. Chas. Bradshaw P. Snodgrass, M.L.C. H. F. Gurner lid. Youl, M.D. A. Kussoll Hy. Budgo T. B. Payno Peter Inglis Ed. Khull Vfm. Lyall Robt. Kor John O'shanassy, M.L.C. I. II. Hart Jamos Ravon "Win. Jones Wm. Kayo Andr. It. Crulksluvnk Vi. Murray Ross Solomon Lazarus ~D. Abraham Hughos Samuel Lazarus A. P. Southoy Alfred Bliss Jno. Keogh A. J. Whcatloy Jno. Mackonzlo Jas. Mnckonzto Timothy Aliorn Itobt. M'Dougnl Geo. Smyth Body Hoffornan F. M'Donnoll H. S. Fish Pat. Costello Evorott BardwoII Thos. Bellas James Farmor Hy. R. Jennings Wm. Titlor M. Donovan Win. Hughes Albert Read Barthw. j. Donovan W. P. Muir Edmund Keogh Thos, Kenny ThOB. W. Bockwlth Vi. Lane A. W. Sohuhkrallt James Willis Ilichard Barry El rd. J. Bussell Hy. Williamson Jno. M'Woy Richd. Crocth Timothy Hayes Ephraim Fox Samuel Philips G. W. Gates Win. Ryan II. Wharton O. NcuhauBS Godfroy Howitt, M.D. Carl. Unmac!; J. C. Brown Jno. Morris Vi. P. White and Co. Wm. V. Glovor Wm. Edwards Wm. Morrison Hy. Wright Arthur Devlin Thos. Norton Jno. Norton jno. Scott O. Tracey W. Abercrombie J. S. Evo Jno. O'Loary Harnett Brother» Donald Simeon Daniel O'connell .Tosh. Bishop Eras. Jno. Bligh Ja«. Norrio Thos. Mitchell Michl. Tobin W. Lane Wm. Wilks Danl. Shiels Jno, Todd ' Edward Moss Show , Fat. Morilana Alex. Aloxandor i Charles Saxe Blckard Punch J?. Shury Danl. Fan-ell jjuko Chambors i Arthur Thompson 'John Lynch Wm. Henry Arthur E. Johnson Danl. Leahy Wm. Aloxandor John Jamos Thos. Crowie Jamos Bishop Arthur Davitt Michael Keely Wm. Boyfus Jos. M'CuIloch M. Keogh Wm. Byan Vi. B. Hamilton Denis O'Loary Geo. Robinson Wellard Harvey Michl. Curtain Jas. Hopo Jno. King E. Arnold Mathow Hoany Jamos Lawrance Wm Ryan Ed. M'Donnoll Rossiter and Latani» James Maguey Pat. Roooh A. Sutherland Symons and Perry Jamoa Quinn Jos. Wright Jan. Neales Solomon and Levy And. Callanan Edwaid Wild O. L. Hanbury > Cornelius O'Drios diarios Stewart John Dight Nathaniel Lory Thos. Whlto Jno. Myors Timothy Flyn» Simon Nelson John Askew Daniel Ryan Daniel Davies Geo. May Wm. E. Allon Wm. O'Loary Pat. Murphy Jno. Grlfllii J. M. Smith Joseph Wall John Gunn Wm. Whola» Peter Scott Thos. Hy. Nott Walter Fortuno Wm. Cooney J. R. Johnstono Goo. Turnbull Josoph Delius O. Broce Skinner Jos. Elliott, sen, W. II. Wart Bartholomew Dyer Michl. Moro J. Watson Carlton David Fyffo Thos. S. Marlin Michael Donovan Charloa E. Bright Itobt. Coates J M. Mitchell J. Vi. Heggarty Hugh Konnody Clias. Anderson M. Moyors Thos. Hamilton II. Bright Jaa. Jno. Flanagan Robt. E. Wallon Goo. Burns Thos. Monimail Edwin Jones Honry J. Walsh Jno. Carnan B. M*Arthur Jno. Bakewell R. K. Grogory Wm. Barr}' James M'NIcoll Pat, Ryan Aloxandor Kennedy Smith. C. E. Michael Keating A. Priostloy DTodk. Walsh Thos. Ryan James Dillon John ThoB, Furniss Jamos R. Stophons J. Elliot Jamos Corcoran J. Lightfoot Jamos Smith ' Robort Willan John Moronoy W. M. Woolley Thos. Sullivan T. J. Crouch Pat. Riordan Thos. Reid James Moronoy Charles M. Davloa Mlchaol Gallagher Cyrus Mason Wm. nords Mlchaol Duggan Hy. Brown T. J. Donovan M. Tochol A. M'Fodzcaii J. H. Bates , S. B. Lasan» T. O. Tilomas Jamos Barry AV. Williamson John O'Orady Goorgo Young Alex. Young Richard Dowling Hugh Packer R. T. Gason Samuel Topi) M. P. Blundell Fred. Hiyloy Hy. M. Murphy Jno. Coopor Samuel Grogory Thos Mahonoy John Stevenson , Chas. Molino Wm. O'connel Jeremiah Barry Kcllohcr Richard Barry Owen Connor - Thomas Smith Charles Reid M. Connor "Wm. Grove James Mllno Patrick Phelan John R. Pasooe Thos. Baldwin John Bourko James Wiso Andrew Ryan Arth. Soddon Charles Vaughan Danlol Kitchon Thos. Bramston O. Hoadaghan Pat. M'Donough W. Hammil! W. Baker William Philpott Owon Carroll J. Buckley Geo. Thwaites D. S. Campbell Jo» Daloy Edward Ryan Hy. Budge Wm. Pim Mlchaol Rj au John Stacey Geo. M. Nicholls J. J. Walsh John M'Loughlin W. Fraser Geo. Thwaites, ]un. Win. Kanioy John Boyle David Moore Thos. Johnson Thos. F. Morris John Malton Illehd. Foohan John Mackintosh Jno. Daltou Charlon Bushman» Jos. Patterson John Egan Jno. Rjan Maurlco O'shanassy B. Hawthorne John Brown Hy. Carswlck Brooks Clay Mathow M'Cann Michael Fitzgerald Jno. Colgln Thos. M. Crosbie Win. 1'. Muir Jeremiah Moran Wm. Sloggatl Joseph Hlnos Denis Fraser R. E. Jacomb Hugh Kennedy Chas Gifford Michael Murphy Mlchaol Punch Thos. Halnos Richard Fitzgerald Wm. BardwoII J. Snowball Jtlchd. Simson Patrick Barrows Jno. Pursell Earnust Scott David Masterton Robort Barbour John Byng Michael Dwyer Benj. Diowory J. Grlpo James Loilcs Richard Oliver . John Boyle John (Juill Christopher Webb Wm. N. Blair John Stanton J, Braddock ? Clias. Myles G. Powoll Clias. Tiios. Hackett Pat. Whola» Maurice Keppel Wm Eaaoy Wm. Blnckfonl Michael Dawson Jno. M'Carthy Alox. Wass John Rcddln diarios O'Grody Wm. Erskine . Jas. W. D. Roche John Daley J. K. Purvcs Wm. Hanloy John Lovorott Edw. Fitzslmons Jamos Ferguson Pat. Toohoy Thos.Alstead Germ. Nicholson diarios Fraser Win. T. Ohk Matthew Mathieson Christopher Donovan Win. Wills Wilson M'Clure U'o W. Hamilton Hart, Esq., Wm. Dcgraiej, Eiq., Daniel II. Clovo, Esq., W. J. T. Clarko. Esq., »nd tho othor gontlomen signing tho requisition. Gontlomon,-I beg to acknowlodgo tho roeoipi. of your loqulsltlon, Inviting mo to allow myself to bo " placed In nomination as olio or your roprosont&tlvos; in the Legislativo Assembly at the foithcomlngoloo t tlon. I am very sonBlblo of tho honor conferred upon , mo by so many of tho electors of tho elly of Mel- bourne, amongst whoso names I rocognUo those of gentlemen representing tho soveial interests of the country. It has over boon my aim to ropresont the general interests of the community at largo, and ntt those of any particular class, and I consequently foal tho greater pleasure In complying with your request. \- If elected, 1 am prepared to |ploco my timo at the service of the country, and to endeavor to justify tlio confidence you havo placed in me. The following resolutions, which have alroady bjou before the public, and with which my linmo lias been identified, will best convoy to you my view« and political opinions upon most of the topics to whloh Attention has of lato boon directed and as thoi» embody, In my opinion, a polloy calculated to advauoo the best intorosts of this colony, I shall bo prepared hticnuously to support thom. 1\. That In order to secure a jutt mid economical administration of government, and full dovelopmout of the great material prosperity of this colony under tlio Now Constitution, It is essential to securo the eo , operation of the friends of progress, Irrespective of crcd or nationality, and inasmuch as till» can only he done upon broad and gonoral principies, it is oxpodl ' cut to except from tho progromnio of this movement Uic disputed questions of State aid to religion and tlio 'nilcin nf public education, leaving the consideration of tlio H.uno to ho dealt with specially by each con stlliiency In making thoir choice of roprMcntitivo« for Ibu new legislatura. Election Notices. 2\. That tho essential basis of such co-operation must bo political llborty and rollglous equality-Po- litical liberty, to ensuro the full and unrestricted re- presentation of tho people In the Legislature, and through It, in the Executive ¡ and rollgioua equality, to onsuro to ovory cltizon tlio mifottored oxorelso of Ms faith, and tho unimpeded onjoymont of all civil rights and privileges. 8\. That the Government of this country has not liithorto boon conductod in a mannor to entitle it te tho confldonco of tho pooplo, asprovod I. By Its clogging tho Constitution with an oxoes slvo proporty qualification. II. By its harsh and coorclvo prácticos, which have seriously ondanged tho publlo peaco. III. By a rcckloss croation of unnecessary ofllcos. IV. By irregularity in tho publlo accounts. V. By misappropriation and unconstitutional appH cation of tile publlo funds. VI. By wanton oxtravaganco In tho public expendi- ture, for which no ndoquato results remain. VII. By weak and vacillating counsels, which have oworedtho character of the country bofore tho world. VIII. And finally, by a prematuro, ill-judged, and unconstitutional assumption of responsible govern- ment before tho mombors of it could become amonabl» to popular constituencies, as tho law roquiros, and hy accoptlng ofllco undor aminuto of tho late Govornoron terms humiliating to themselves, and derogatory to the rights of tho peoplo and tho powor of tho Legislature. 4\. That wo will withhold our support from any Ad- ministration which Is not propared to give the country tlio immediate bonotlt of tho Now Constitution I. By a laud system which Bhall adjust oqultably, under a permanent law, tho rights of agriculturist*. , minors, and squatters, and facilitate tho rapid sale and distribution of tho land for occupation and sottie mont. II. By publlo works which shall most offootually facilitate tho dovolopmont and onjoymont of our na- tional resources. III. By a reconstruction of tho publlo dopartmonts, with a vlow to greater cfilcloncy and oeonomy, com- bining therewith a classification of tho subordinate ' officers; whorohy morit, capacity, and length of scrvlco shall bo rewarded according to a ftxod rulo, with a vlow to tho pormanont establishment of tho English practico, which forbids tlio removal of a sub- ordinate ofllcor on political grounds. IV. By roplacing ,tho prosont Illusory system of audit of tho publlo accounts by a systom which shall afford an ofloctual chock and control over ovory branoh of tho publlo expenditure. V. By tlio appointmont of a publlo ofllcor through whom tlioOovornraont may be sued. VI. By an onlurgod and amended municipal sys- tem, which shall glvo to tho pooplo Increased powor over tho expenditure of public monoy and tliomuuuN inetit of local affairs in thoir district, VII. By a reform of tho law, with a vlow to make tho administration of justlco loss dilatory and expon 8lvo, and to rondor it moro accessible to tho pooplo, hy tho localisation of tho moans of redress, and tho incroaseof tho unpaid magistracy. VIII. By an Immigration system which shall próvido a sustained stream of sultablo labor, mid diffuso it fairly throughout tho country. I\\. By tho prompt establishment of steam com- munication with Europe. X. And lastly, by a reform bill which shall oxtond the franchise, abolish tho proporty qualification for tho Lowor Houso, reduce It for tho Upper HOMO, shorten the duration of both Houses of Parliament, mid redistribute tho doctoral districts on a farrer and moro popular basis. 5\. That wo aro of opinion tho early attention of Parliament should bo called to tho necessity ofaFedo ral Assembly, empowered to legislate on all intercolo- nial questions. Tariffs, public lands, Immigration, a postal system, railways, a mint, a supreme court of nppoal, llghthousos, dofencos, and a ponai systom, can only bo satisfactorily regulated by tho legislation of a Föderal Assombly instituted by tho eonsont and au- thority of tho colonlos of Australia. It Is necessary that I should express my opinion on the two questions of State aid to rollgion ami tho sys- tem of publlo education oxcoptod lu the foregoing re- solutions. As regards tho former, I havo on previous occasions sought to obtnin for tho mombors of the Jewish per- suasion thoir just proportion of tho grant; it may theroforo bo informa Hint 1 am opposed to its present distribution. I fool vory strongly tho political injustice inflicted upon all those who scok to participate In tho grant, and aro yet doniod thoir fair, or any, share of it, although taxed equally by the State with its re- cipients. I am not propnrod to odmlt that rollgion In thli country Is more lllcoly to flourish undor tho volun- tary systom, but I shall still doom it my duty to op poso'tho grant, unless its distribution can bo based upon a broad principio of political justico. Of tho two systoms of education now in oporatlon, I much prefer the so- dosignatcd national system, in contradistinction to denominational ; hut as I doom education of tho utmost importance, I shall unhesi- tatingly by a monoy voto support both systoniB until the Legislature is prepared to adopt a comprehensivo and goneml scheme of national education acceptable to tho country at largo. An obloctlon has boon ralsod to my eligibility to re- preso it tlio city In consequence of my being ongagod, amongitothor pursuits, in that of squatting. Tho anio objection would as reasonably apply to any morchant candidato, who. from lils largo dealings with sqnattors would necessarily bo Interested in thoir success, Tho only forco tho objection could havo would be.by its boing assumed olthor that I ontor talnod oxtromo viows on this subject adverse to tho gonoral Interests of tho olony ; or that, I could alloiv my prívalo intorests to sway me in legislating on this question, I uttorly disclaim any Buch Imputation. I have never allowed my prlvnto intorosts to influence mo in my public duties, and I havo novor for olio moment entoitaincd any gonoral scomo of compensation to tho Squattors, and I fully concur with that principio which has boon admitted by thoir most decided oppo iionts, nanioly, " No compensation to squatters, save for actual losses." Provlousto tho elections I shall havo many opportu- nities of addressing tho constituency, when thoso who aro unacqualntod willi me personally will havo ovory facility afforded thom of obtaining further insight into my gonoral political principles ; at tho samo timo I venture to oxpress a hope that thoso to whom 1 havo been politically known will glvo mo credit for 7,oal and honesty of purpose in my ondeavors to promoto to tho utmost of my ability tho welfare of this colony. In conclusión, should you do mo tho honor of re- turning mo as ono of your roprcsontatlves, my voto sholl at all timos bo given In flivor of a careful and judicious oxpondituro of tlio ways and moans, I should advocato an economical and ofllciont manage- ment of our finances as an essential of good govorn ment ; as nocosBary to cntltlo tho Government to tho rospoct of tho peoplo, and tho colony Itself, In all Its commercial relations, tu tho confidence of other countries. I havo tho honor to bo, Gontlomon, I Your most obodlont sorvant, 0\. II. EBDEN. 132 CollliiB-stroot oast, Molbourno, Oth August, 1858. 70 Bat wed sop 21 TO TIIE ELECTORS OF THE SOUTH PRO VINCE.-Gjontlonion,-I ara, dofonslvoly.ohllgod I to assure you that thoro Is no truth whatovor In the assertion Unit I do not moan to go to tho poll. Such an assortlon, although mndo In a qualified way, ap- pearing prominently In tho Argus, Is calculated to dauiago my prospects of suecos», and I appoal to your souse of fair-play ngninst such au unwarrantable llborty. When 1 first mldrcfjcd you I was tho first, and for somo time tho only, candidato for tho South Provlnco, and as 1 did not antlolpnto any competition I will not retire from it now that it oxists ; but I havo roslsted tho tomptatl > i to bo hurried Into oxtri VDgant oxpondituro by It, ti listing; tlio result rather to conscientious and doliborato voting on your part than to tlio adroit uso of monoy and tho intercession of frlonds on my part. I havo refrained from mooting to addross electors hecauso thoy aro oxponslvo arl inconvenient to candidates, and not edifying to elec- tors, and I lack tho pocullar confidonco, acquired by practico, which would rondor such meetings offoctlvo. My published address contains my political opinions tlio loading ono boing my belief in tho necessity for Stato aid to rollgion in this country; and I havo but to add to thom my boliof In tho voluo of the " plodgo to resign " If required to do BO. Confiding In tho ballot for a reflection of tho popu- lar will, I romain, Gentlemen, Your obodlont servant, MIGHAEL BARRY. I _162aug2T_ TO THE ELECTORS OF THE EASTERN Pltf> VINCE.-Gontlomon,-It has boon gonorally known to tho Eloctors of tho Murray DIVIBIOII oryoitr province, as woll ILS to immy in Gipps Land, that for sovcral reasons I preforrod offering myBolf as a candi- dato for your suffrages to accepting the invitation of my Monds of tho Murray District to represent thom in tho Legislativo Assombly. To'all very activo politicians solicitous of olthor ofllco or fame, and to all mon of strong party fooling, tho Assembly prcsonts tho most attractlvo arona. | For one not actuated by olthor of thoso motivos, yet ' not disinclined to politics, and who Is in reality a colonist, and possessed of a considerable stake In tho colony, I think the Council a fit and proper placo and to it I aspire. It is for you to judgo whethor 1 am oliglblo ;*iml that you may form a correct esti- mate I shall now endeavor to stato distinctly tho views I entertain on many of thequostions occupying public ottontlon. AB many members of tho lint Council will ibo Interested, directly or Indirectly, l.i equattimr pursuits, I doom It of paramount Import- ance to ino well-being and influonco of that body that the squatting question should bo speedily mid perma- nently settled. So long as It romains open tho Pre" will taunt tho Council with legislation tinged by crus interests ; tho pooplo will adopt tho cry, mid a branch of the Legislature which ought to carry witli itwoight and dignity will bocomo contomptible. Tho Orders In Council, In my estimation, conforrod rights which tho country" Is bound to protect, in splto of tho opinion oxprcssed hy tho Squatting Commission lost sossion to the contrary. A Court of Claims might bo established, to which all aggriovod parties should apply, and where each coso should bo decided on its own merits : tho oxtont of thoso demands for com- pensation, popularly denounced as OXCOBSIVO, would h> here determined. My own Impression IB thoy would bo found uttorly insignificant. But, largo or small, I think the country is, in common fairness, bound to liquidato them. I frankly confess that, although ono of tho old . est squattors In the Murray District, I liavo not a singlo claim against tho Government for olthor loss of country or loss of pro-omptlvo right, and I know tint many, If not most, aro similarly circumstanced. Any general systom of compensation would, therefore, in my opinion, ho unjust to tho country. . A very activo but small minority of our fellow colonists aro averse to granting Stato aid to the nmlntonanco of religion, and aro vehement In their agitation on the subject. But I think it vory unllkoly thoy will make much impression on tho community gonorally during our llfotimo, unless jolnod by ono of tho churchos now receiving aid. intolerant onoiigh to ralso tho anti- quated cry of boing unable to countenaneo the support of " truth and error." A llvoly recollection of the starving systom practised on tho clergy previous to Port Phillip receiving from Now South Wales its duo illaro of tho fund for ecclesiastical purposes makes mo most unwilling to Bubjoet oducatod men to the chancos of that oToomosynary support dorivod from congregations, probably dostituto of rollglous ziil. My own opinion is. that tho amount of aid should bo Increasod with tho growing wants of tho community. The advocates of tho voluntary system with rospoct to tho maintenance of our clorgy do not oxtond tho principio to our schools Mid schoolmaitura, but aro zealous supporters of Stato aid to thom. I _Election NotlcëàT"""""""'"'' i. oleo at It, and I should be Klad~to~IrT~~~ «ni «al vote for primary odncation exiS^8 «'; «o«lng a sound, liberal, (Malan ^¡a?* ?» Í ;. mation upon tlio children of tho ml",?°lect^ been»-) long unacqmintcd with «TCS ?« ' '.".'.".î110' I llad ioi Eilten crcedleM m5°.of»»i «mill I heard the lattci tem, usedA?^»JMfc system of education h, use in I1'81"«»« ixnuso by that trtom cWldrT "S < -eds can bo received under a coS, "' » 'i miction without foaroriirosclvtlsm . ".«»'li t In that if tho public BeiLralÄ tlíf1?«» vinli admit that as much reid roZC'r"^ finn he Scripture lessons read daily ?, "" A.Ni icl.risns in those schools claiming for Z ^r» potiiliar sanctity, because DonomlSaM F**' and used on Sundays for dMno woralie '" "^ It tho law prohibiting nubllc-houÄ., o.. Sabbath was consider«! a griovanoo^ti'*»? or its being onacted, it has coated to be¿ith" "* unless by tlio publicans. I should donrcS,""* tatton ta die law excepting as Ä^« It has boon assortod hi your Pmu,,«. authority of tho "Whlto ana Black r,Ti Í?th Vo ed for Mr. Pyko's resolutions relative t?£ ^ mhato property. I bog to impugttlïo&£$** iliat authority Tho resolutions aucX'îf410 were put íeríarím, and I voted for thofhS L**1 codoratoryono.that It was desirable irS.^P'ty i g. ed that all lands found to beai,rifZ.n. ' i'4*'1 under suitable regulations, ho mined fnrS Ts,) yerta nly did notbcomldoAho^iuUoÄ',t«; lowed a nocossary sequonco, ardSSi,?'1*'1' «gainst thom, and" if revived slffagahi fty ,'?* upon gold mining for centuries? eX' . '}? paramount occupation of this colonv it ? ,lh tn talk or agriculture as a5- so', J!Wl Mrallh hi eomparlson, oxcoptlng as roiJM ' qulremeiits for homo consumption, taft , *' " Éollovo it nocossary to foster tho num.» J""' digging to tho prejudice of every otlic-r 0l *> ' I hope a systom of railways, pracilciWn ."j «nfcal, may bo doused. Any s'eCcÏÏf lhS ft" yet hoard far outstrip tho means, railo"rZIJ?'1 of Borne 300,000 peoplo.-In the lastsÄÄ"" I gladly assisted to carry voto bylX" A"" turn tig-officor for an Important distrie twlilï" candidates aro in tlio field, shall uso ra?¿ÄS? vors tobring tho systom Into operation ni "k nenia had flttlo to.urge against ita nhoÄS youd a poor argument fliatft was loirl UtI"Äk «10 w ants of tho community. '"»""""iir «hal, I havo ovory reason to bollevo a content will w, place for the honor of representing youl«T,T rarliamont-and I hope so. You will tliei hi?« ,n your powor to pronounco which candidato To! li «Mor most freo and indépendant of either OomT « pay and patronage, and most qualified to tike iS'» unprejudiced, view of tho many important naÄ which will bo brought before it. ' Th I liumbly submit thoso my opinions on m" n >« J'onsof moment, and honing, in the event oin» le it, I may bo weighed and not found «anti,» T I have the honor to bo, Gentlemen Your obodiont sen »it ' MATTHEW HERVEY 53 vi ed sjl np 1 Î0 THE ELECTORS OF EVELYN AND Hi» NINGTON.-Gontlonic.i,-Mr. KAndcL i m» puent for tho honor of representing- von In' ih Irfpislnttvc Assembly, having thought proper to í mt, in a letter to tho publie journals, that "Ihï inr.de statements with the motivo of darnaou» 5, in tlio opinion of tho doctors of tho districL" tirrill the prlvilogo of offering a few words In r* vi"1,1/1? tou?.r of lil« communication It is someiffi tnlllcult to gather what aro tho " statements" ¡M 1 utcd to mo, but it Is loft to be inforred that tlierm (.1st of " porsonnl abuso," that " ho was noi-Ku iciBCdoftho proporty qualification," and would b' under Govornmont influonco If olocted. , Now, it is duo to niysoir and Mr. Anderson to d clarc, that tlio "several lotters" In rta it is allegod thoso fncts have been ta liuinicated to him (If such lotters really cr» ¿j exist), havo grossly exaggerated and mlsroprsenH yhatldldsay. Iamcortainldidnot ''personallTabii« Mr Andoraon, uor mipiign lils proporty qualifiât!« but I considered it quito within the legislate iml el political criticism to submit, as a clreumiUatit),' the consideration of tho constituency, that, tutu/ mjself far larger proporty possessions in the dlitiitl ni} interests thereby being strongly Identified »lib Hie same, whether such was not a strong reason tit 3 should bo supportod in proforonce to jfr, Andero, i . ¡lecinlly when his capacity to serve tho public Iinji r T that extraordinary character to rondor him an ei c>ptlon to a very natural rulo. I did alsosay thatii Anderson was a salaried Govornmont officer, and »a questionably presumed UiorelYoin, ns I had a mrffrt right to do, that it was vory probable-nay, mi likely-that ho would, If olocted, bo more or less unto tho influence of tho Govornmont. Such Is the lie»! ind fiont of my offending. Mr, Anderson and Hi friends, I am informed, declaro that ho Is no1 a 0> ?»eminent ofiicor, and I shall now prove my ossatli» in this respect. Mr. Andorson was for some time the second in command, in fine, the "chief mate," of Mr. Wright, the late Chief Commissioner of the Gold- Fields, and after their department had succeeded in inaugurating the first rebellion in Victoria, — staining the country with the blood of both soldiers and citi- zens (and to this moment the cry of the widow and orphan rises to Heaven imploring vengeance for the butcheries of the Eureka stockade), it was abolished, and Mr. Wright pensioned and otherwise comfortably provided for. Nothing further was done for Mr. Anderson until some few months ago, when Mr. Wm. Kerr, the late Town Clerk, resigned office as one of the paid officers of the Govern- ment Water and Sewerage Commission ; and though it was distinctly understood from the very foundation of that board that the Town Clerk of the city should be a sort of ex officio salaried member of It, (and the reason for this was that the Commission might thereby have the benefit of his ex- perience, and the beneflt of convenient and constant reference to a multitude of documents, &c.;, in his department,) yet the Government ab- solutely broke faith with thd Corporation, and appointed Mr. Anderson as Mr. Kerr's suc- cessor. Mr. Kerr's salary was £300 per annum, and if Mr. Anderson's is not more, I feel very sorry it is not less. It It is alleged that this Is a Corpora- tion appointment, but this I deny, and In proof refer to the Melbourne journals of the beginning of July, when Aldenman Hayward brought forward a motion in the City Council, protesting against the appoint- ment of Mr. Anderson by the Government. It is to all Intents and purposes a Government appolntment, and Its holder is as much under the control of the Government as if he were a clerk in the Treasury, the Custom House, or the Post Office ; and we know enough of the influences of last session, which com- pelled Mr. Colin Campbell to resigh his appointment as secretary to the Denominational School Board, sooner than be bounced into a betrayal of his consti- tuency, to enable us to form an opinion of what the Government will do during the ensuing session. There can beo no denying that the present Adminis- tration is now on Its trial, and one of the first motion to be brought forward on the assembling of Itali ment will in every probability be no ¡mpoachment of the pnst misdeeds of au incompétent Gorcnimen'. Under such circumstances, I ask you, Gentlemen, whether you really bollovo that a representadle ot Mr. Anderson's antecedents, the first lieutenant ol Ci nimlssioncr Wright, the chief executhc oftta of all the tyranny and misriilo of the goll folds, and a paid official of tho Government, nu do lils duty Impartially botweon the people uni their misrulers, and virtually sit in ¡nul- lt eut cn the post misdoings of lils chief1 for the gill field V Blunder will yot form a principal count In In' Go\ eminent Indlctmont. Mr. Anderson and euri other Government ofiicor may do so. Human natin nuiles at the bare thought of such a thing. I 'IT1 bollero it niysolf, but it Is for you, Gentlemen, toil' as ye u think proper. Upon Mr. Anderson persoiullt, 1 would have it understood, I mako no atlrs wbntcici-. It Is with bim as a nubile ma«, al on!« tho Government Instruments In enforcing » »» arbitrary anddospotlo gold-field ninlnttaiiiiistiatlon.inl at the prosont moment tho holdor of another subordi- nate oflico under tho same Executive, that I protei.; and in endeavoring to servo two masters, «riouMI« forget tho people, it Is tho anomaly of lils being» ii prcsentatlvo of tho pcoplo that is to bo blamed raw limn anything clso. " , In conclusion, Gentlemen, I beg to relíente ni; desire to sorvo you, without any hopo of place, ps)," pension.. I sincerely thank tho ninny electora win have already intimated their intontion of supporii'u mo. 1 have already hold several meetings, me» ' wastrcatod with an attention far boyond my oesffu. I fhall continuo to visit various part« of th«.«»T«| liotwcoii tills and tlio day of nomination, and«'»T and on tho hustings shall bo most happy to enter low any fuller oxposltton of my political sentiments, ana confront face to face thoso who may havo nnyaccii" lions to profor against mo. I havo tlio honor to remain, Gentlemen, Your faithful servant, WILLIAM TEKUM St. Kilda, 22nd August, 18IÎ0, TO MR. W. A7ÏX ANDERSON. (Per favor of the Argus.) . Sir,-In a letter addressed by you to «Inu" render, Esq., you state " that yo« rentier, r.sq., you OIUUJ HJ.« J- . ,, several lotters, stating that Mr rT°e.;.Tr3 statements to damngo you, mixed with l*rw abuse." Tliin I, as chairman of Mr. Ponders C « mlttce, most flatly contradict ; and if your cormiue havo told you so, I am bound to toll boihjou in them It Is false. It is truly a pitiable way to JW ? c> cite the k . inpaUiy of oledor« by endeavoring io penr an Injured man. , , ., vm,in " M r. Pender, whon addressing tho ofcetors at w11» ? ..In-ost forgot thoro waa such a »"»»».«.¿Lj". Anderson In oxlBtonco. You speak of yourfrteum' almost forgot tlioro waa such a man as Mr. Amlcrson In oxlBtonco. You speak of your II .Eltham (thoy oro few): tho only pot»>,°u ffi behalf, who waited on Mr. Pender, «J««, boy, Alfred Smith, which intorviow mot «It»"""' tempt it deserved. ,, """ii i, " You say Mr. Pender represents. "you «um under tho infliiciico or Government if Çleotw. i j ou not brought Into, and introduced to4hcc«< . of, Evelyn by a paid offlcor of tho Govemmen', ono who Is not an elector? «"»"«»" r . And in regard to ''Govornmont influence, jen not in receipt of a Government salar!, r A In conclusion, had the reception of llr. Ku* Eltham proved otherwise than »»S;,,,! letters would no doubt have been moro unmcrou t mero sorvllo. ,, . -, I «ni, Sir, your most ^^'^KIKER!' Cbairm«. Killumi Ooiiunltteo Rooms, D5 August 21,1850._. PROVINCE.-Gcntlomon,-Adlstlnctlouu ycur patienco by a fow observation«: ' ".». good tisto evinced by those who öfter »«Ä,,., Élection, in contrast to, or comparten «it», « , Ml o como forward willi varying grades of «lae^ reluctance, In responso to a well got ur.' f^ï 0J'l , In tho ¿xnct dlrToronco or the two noural* ¡{ not presumo to sohool you ; but for t . i, expressing my fooling on tlio subject I rosy"» opinion that tlio character of the two "«»» %ciy Materially modified by circumstanceswn¿ tiii.oiig which will stand the question ?of u'° relations oxlstlng botwoon tho candidato'nu y Jt tho forrnor bo not a resident in the distrie* w to reprosont, or Is only kuown to themi») "£_ that case a roqulsltfon appears to "° '.^j« When, on tho othor hand, however, ho is«;c" w and au established resident amongst «J1?"',,*",,, ttn» lie, at tho same time, conscientious!) ne"» \ Election Notioes kTih^roqulsito qualifications, I till ( : r "Li entertain no scruples, or abstuu » ÍTMM delicacy in spontaneously offering thoso K£ L for scrutiny, and his services for accept- orVnliln, straightforward manner. Moreover, KJKs of coming forrard, it appears tom-, S^îTrlv Idcntrcal,-much moro so than raigh; '.ÏÏiÏÏappcwTfor if tho candidate really he |l vWlf suitable,-If, in seeking oorroboratiou «".?S, or correction of that vanity or error l"SJh |f falso, thoy spring, ho should happen to ÎÏH'bvthe opinions of thoso upon whom ho 'f-T It occurs to me that, In such a, ' y'l. of small moment whothor ho co \n «1 "inter to their requisition, or, backed b/ "him ho advances on his own account to sub ÖXri and servicosto tho approval or rejection 'IS« Besides, tho latter method is to my Ä accordance with tlio spirit of vote by "i Hlhere bo a practical difroronco in tho two ^.iioairs to rae that the machlnory of a requisi TjXtwo scarcely so direct as a plain avowal "¡wMisto servo tho intorosts of a constituency, S obedience to the viows oxpressed, I now fühlet and busiiicss-llko in reforonco to thoso '¡««which tho law (In tho fullnoss or paucity of "Shin domanded of those taking soats In the "ïïn Council, I muy montlon that I possess tho SSnailineatlon. Common honesty, however, Li moro serious dotnand than the former ! ih unilidato should po»30js another kind of »J. proporty essential to tho caso-sufficient ÍlinBctont timo untrammolled by the ordi fwnnstions of trado-that ho may rondor j us «Uii trust imposod. This also I possoss, my 1 wwf wholly at my own disposal. ««¡Sites not less Important than thoso onu ¿ Hipear to mo to bo necessary to qualify a 3Sto perforai lils duties with ordinary ability fitímey, prominentamongwhlch may bo named ¡Staion of odequato oxporlenco, appropriate äSTiiid natural ability for tho post. How far «¿'ihoso I loavo you to docldo. But I fool H[i claim for mysolf honosty and sincerity Zmt, and an onorgetio and untiring zeal ffito a continuous application of my abilities Tweful end. Lastly, among tho points whloh I lijKntlon as those that I consider of prime im m, It isiuest imperative that a candidate should iS'suno political viows as tho parties whom ho Krepreiont, so that ho may fool secure that so ail li IJ acting according to tho dictates of his ¡Mcien:e and tho convictions of his own mind, "trteupholding thoso views conducive to thowel ,ul itibjoct to the support and concurrence of iitnilltuciits ; so that he may fool that i employed in a post of trust, not alono D Integrity, but also as to tho Atjol lils action ; or, in other words, so that ho MtlmsoH tho accredited ngont of his con .¡»It, deputed to act to tho host of his ability a ii occasions demanding action, rather than a aBinoronnouthpiojio, or mechanism, reflecting '¿»{thoir viows. {¿"gentlemen, aro my opinions of the gonoral gooes sliieh a roprcsontatlvo of tho poople "Jl noars ; and while I havo hoon bold A onwlicitcd, to advance thom, I would ita to offer a word In application or áo to my comparativo fitness in thoir "1 Mrtlculars. If you support tho opinions ¿liiroivm-csscd, as to what should constitute Me candidato, and ir you approvo of my pa ipnnclples, which I will now briefly submit for ¡s»ltoy, and so elect mo to tho honorablo post ni, It shall always bo my earnest ondeavor tu jiiaty. j I coiitemplato addrosslng you on sovenl sal between this oud tho day of olec d¿all now moroly montlon tho various loading .al questions of tho day, and howl feel in re- lic them. m In favor of a natlonnl systom of education, iwed to a denominational or sectarian ono. imppo«ed to Stato old to rollgion. mopposed to gonoral compensation to squattors. al» cases may arlso where compensation would jlj justice, but each caso inuat of courso rest on nu merits. Stod Question is of too complex and comprchen iiihractcr to bo gono into within the limits of ¿ita, but I may bo pormittod to stato brierly ijtucral tornia that In this matter I shall endoa »itold class legislation ; that, in fact, all laws 3¡on tlio land question should bo so framed as finquil rights to tho agricultural, the mining putoral, and tho mercantile Intorosts. Imlmost needless to stato that tho immediate !j;up of tlio Interior through tho moans of rall i rill havo my warmest support. This, I tako It, ictttcr on which all parties aro agreed. Wier »cry important subject will at no vory jil Jay bo brought prominently boforo tho Parlla itul peoplo of this country. 1 alindo to the fcilo iilon of the various colonies constituting Wallan group. I shall, when the propor time ia, use all my inAuonco, whether as a legislator minen, to havo this an accomplished foot ; fooling Mint that until It Is accomplished wo Australians 1 >ot look upon ourselves as tho founders of a it empire. Into tho various questions with which idcral Government only would bo compotont to ', I need not enter '. thoy oro numerous and hu- nt lilli slramiously opposo any attompts to upset i h ballot, and shall uso my best endeavors to i Ile I«» relating thereto made as simple and otu possible in in f»\or of manhood or universal suffrage, I« proper regulations. lnoJento property qualification for the Uppor üiisiMsablo. I would, howovcr, havo nono fo." ilenr. Winy sum or sums of monoy ho voted by tho pitire Assembly in aid of Bolontiflo institutions, d «ienco generally, It shall havo my support, luthoroughly convinced that such institutions idinmense benefit, not only as a moans of social i)snt, but to our material prosperity. lutiikslon, I am prepared to dovoto my timo and Mita,««! whatever talonts I may possoss, for the iia'/wd of this my adopted country. I am, gontlomon, Your most obodlont, JOHN HOOD. ¿ina street St Kilda, lui August, 1850 2190 wed and Mt e ) DONALD KENNEDY, Esq , of Glenroy -S r, -Vc, tho undersigned, electors of tho Southora race beg to request that y ou will consent to ro »l ui in tho Upnor Houso of our forthcoming Lo- are. We aro Induced to mako this application (a from our having had tho pleasure of knowing now lor a long- sortes of years, and having had (opportunities of appreciating in your character ?qualifications which wo doom indispensable In .»ircscntativ o , and should j ou think proper to I lo our present solicitations, wo pledge oursolvcs « onr utmost exertions to ensure your election, We havo tho honor to bo, &c; , til Hiller David Chapman ni Armstrong Thomas Chadwick afilton John Kingshott »Armstrong Honry Hill »West John Bryant ¡HKenzle William Cain mCracken M Hennessy I «a Rogerson John M'Korchor Jßuk Donald M'Korohor um Dew Finlay Gordon ¡I» Paterson, sar Rodorick M'Lean ?n John Miller s Robertson John Armstrong «H Nay John Cameron sPitcliei John Munro »k Alex M'Phorson »»ïhall Ewen M'Pherson JT Kirby William Musty ..Bell Chas W Young 'Coller Josoph Anderson i (Minno, surgoon George Williamson «Wood "Wracken -a Im «m ?su Brock s-Brack .aifapicr «li Dougall n0 Cochrane iCruickelmnk »Bertram lalandalo T* Duncan «Robertson ilitchlo aiallovn» T* Holmes *H Donald «forros« Jnulknuon alïietti «¡Wgcrson »tort lEjnson '«r Oreen« ?»tear» oath «jEldridgo fJMPhall Weld J Paree «rdWilkos * Wilke, *» Lincoln« M Junes Wffright Worman Tloeman * Duncan J (tait »¡¡¡«klntOBh n Clarke «Hiller tiller ?«HLuakey S,G%lum «Jackson an Kerr »lion« «Robertson »Kidd 'fiamplon «UrcrlT 'Bethell ¥ Patiiiion «a Smith Walter M'Farlane James Hcarn John Watt James Patullo William Patullo John Galsworthy John Andrews Henry Monteith Peter Corcoran Tliomas Kinnear Goorgo Pattinson Goorgo Royal Donald M'Nab Angus M'Nab Alexr Mackintosh II, B Stevenson B MnssieT» -w&l; Honry Parey Archibald Forsyth David Patullo Edwin GUI Goorgo S. Harris John Scoullor James Maconochie Alox Gibb James Robertson Noll Campbell Benjamin Barber Potor Gunn Angus Cameron Jamos Camoron Gcorgo Gordon Cameron, James Warning Samuel Warning Tilomas Dutton Thomas Vaughan John Brown John M'Pherson William Wade Murdoch Mackintosh Ewon M'Klnnon W John Bull, surgeon Goorgo M'Kay John Crowe George Grieves John Rolly A Russell Ewen Cameron Aloxr Guthrie James Guthrie Potor M'Vicar John M'Nab Duncan M'Nab William Wilson Alox Blair A*"--! have th« honor to acknowledge the ¡C , *í!7 nun>erouBly and respectably slgnod ÄdC8lrinÄmoto declaro myself a candidato tai??rif "taMon of tho South Provinco In tho ST£ "Atare, wm, wll|cri vou have boon ^»present mo DA1?Pleasuro In acceding to your roquost, î.tM? '.you mfty rost assured that on all occa fc", tm08to1 "W ftW«ty» I shall advocate «têik M .'"»yoppoar to mo host suited to IT ." ? î!ml> "ocl>l. «na political welfare of the ¿»If, "J1?1 th° '»terosts of all classes of tho (|T5 alike shall recoho my attention and sit"??1«0".01'01*1011' Ilko t"«0 presont, I «hall tstw'yrt.0, lay '»'oro you my opinions on .< " 'ewt, of tho loading political topics of the Alert o,^'0 m t0 religion, which seoma to bo i « ï W0 Particularly engagea tho pnblio ,»?,i i P'",lon t,mt ln tl10 prescht stato of tho «ijj» .,"°InoxiH!II nt to withdraw it, bit I ! he Í, "'u i "io lo oi distribution, by which It I h, " "oT ela tiiolly than at present to no ^ e <.« I for which it Is intended, might bo I ara favorable to the appropriation ofllboml granta, towards purposes of oducatlon, and I hold that ens comprehensive system whoreby a sound secular éduca- tion might, bo imparted to ali, should alone be sup pen ted. 0 he Crown lands of tho colony should bo opened np far purchase to tho fullest extont that the require- ment« of a rapidly hicroaslng population may demand and whilo the occupants of Crow» lands under license aro not unnecessarily to be interfered with, it is cloar tint no regulations In reference to that syBtom, I whereby the progress and sottlomont of tho country., might bo retarded, and tho interests of other classes' of tho community affected, Bhould bo oonnltted to oxlst. Tho present mode of disposal of the Crown lands I consider best, and I do not think the upset prico too high. 1 would extend tho franchise to nil rcsidontsofsix months untainted with crime, of tho age of manhood, and who havo rando a moderato proficienoy in tho ordinary branches of education. Iho veto by ballot had my support in its passing the Legislature Olio improvement of our ports and harbors, and tho opontng-up of the intornal communications of the country, should rocolvo tho early attention of tho JO glBlaturo, and I am in favor of loans boing takon for works of permanent utility. Although our Now Constitution may compare favo- rably with that of any other colony, it appears to me in many respects suacoptlblo of improvement, and I think it might rory profitably bo revisod. I havo the honor to bo, Gontlemon, Your obodlont sorvnnt, DONALD KENNEPY. Thomas Miller, Esq., and tho other gontlomon signing the requisition. Glenroy, 21at July, 1850. 330 d aug 27 TO JAMES M'OULLOCII, Esq., Holbourne Sir, Wo, tho unelorslgnod, thinking it of great importance that tho commercial interests of this young but important city should bo represented in tío now Parliament, request that you will allow yonr sclfto bo placed In nomination as ono of its represen- tatives in tho Legislative Assembly. And in tho event of your accoeling to our roquost, wo will use our best oxertlons to sccuro your election. Melbourno 31st July, 1860. John Broadhurst Tootal Geo. Martin D.S. Compboll William Fawcett Andw. R. Cruikshnnk J. R. Motherwell Hy. Creswick Henry Beckwith Thomas Dickson Thos. and Win. Whlto John Do Pass John Orr M. Mitcholl R. G. Cassell E. Be Pass Joseph, Samuel, and Co. I J, NankoviU L. Josephs Robert Bowden John King Jamos Steel Butters Wm. Hiok Alfred Woolloy 0. H. H. Lahman NW. Hammlll Thomas S. Martin Daniel H. Clove Otto Nonhauss J. M. Joshua Daniel Wilshin J L. Montefloro Robert Coopor and Sons Otto Neuhauss P. Graham Crawford Maine J. Reed J. Bndcock James W. Fawcott Joseph Sharp William Muller Chas. Williamson Daniel II. CIovo A\m. Easoy Wm. Noustotel Hob. Kerr(E. AVcstbyand R. L. Jennings Co.) Jas. Henty F. J. Sargood, M.L.C. Jos. Ormond Goorgo Harker Alfred Forrest W. Murray Ross Jos. Down William Boyfns II. Crofton Staveley Win. Degraves and Co. Thomas Rao Walter Powoll William Piny M. Connell Frederick Hayloy William Goodhugh(Good-G. Handasydo ïugh and Hough.) Gcorgo Hicks D. A. Hughes David Lovin Wm. Hughes John Whlto Thos, Harker J. B. Carson Hrmill Kerr Cbarlos Vaughan G Nicholson Thos. Norton William Kirk Jas. G. Francis John Connell Mich], Kolly , Jno. R. Pascoe Edw. Barkor W, T. Smith James Crawford John Porter Frederick Banks Alfred Woolloy Alex. G. Giibort Alcxr. Young Goo. Young Robt. M'Dougnl Wm. B. Hamilton R C. Burstall David Mooro Wm. P. Muir Alexander L. Honrlquos Robert Thomson Thos. Wm. Beckwith W. Fairfax W. H. Woodvlllo J Musson G. A. Mouritz John Smith Geo. J. Robertson Nicholas Illorilnii Thomas Alston J. R. Tuckett Thomas Davies Alox. Campbell R. B. Martin Unos. Coopor L, Mackinnon Charles Gill J, V. Smart F. R. Wallen Molhournc, ßth August, 1850. GENTLEMEN,-I havo much pleasure in acoodlng to the request of tho numerously signed re- quisition that has been put into my hands, inviting mo to become a candidate for a scat in tho Legislativo Assembly, as one of tho representatives of tho city of Melbourne ; and I now beg to submit to you my views en tho various leading topics that will como bolero tho Afssmbly. Iho Now Constitution I hail as a groat boon, coi fcrring as it docs upon the colonists tho entire manngemont of their own affairs, instead < f having them to a certain oxtcnt committed to tho o nipants of Downing-Btrcot, whoro our desires havo neither boen known nor attondod to. The Constitution, aa a whole, I consldor well adapted to tho colony, but thoro aro points in it whleli in my opinion require immodintc alteration. The present monoy qualification for votors I think ought to bo abolishod. Tho proporty qualification for the Loglslallvo Conn- ell I think should bo greatly reduced, and that for tho Assombly altogether withdrawn. I nth of opinion that tho duration of both Council and Assembly should not bo longer than three years, as 1 deem it most desirahlo that members bo fre- quently brought beforotheir constituents for approval or othorwiso, and this is especially Important in this colony, whore changes amongst the constituencies aro of so frequont occurrence. The ballot having boon already secured, I havo only to say on this point that all attompts to return to tho *} Etcm of open voting will moot with my deckled op« position, believing as 'I do that tho ballot Is essontfnl to purity of election, without Interfering with tho in- di pendenco of tho votor. I am prepared to give my support to a measure for the abolition of tho 63rd Clause of the Constitution. Act. The principal argument put forth in support of this clnuso Is-that State aid is nocossary to tho mnlnto winco of religious worship in tho thinly-populated districts of tho colony/ Tho returns of tho distribu tien of the monoy show that by far tho largost nor- th n of it is spout in tho populous districts, So that this argumont becomes untenable. And further, the grant is calculated to raise ani- mosity and heartburnings betwixt tho various deno- minations, thereby doing more to arrest tho spread of religious ordinances than any advantago to le gained from Government grants. Let tho various set ts unite In tholr efforts, or, if they cannot do so, let them ongago in an honorablo rivalry as to who thnll most efficiently supply tho "bush" with reli- gious instruction, and I liavo no doubt but that tho ictult will bo much moro satisfactory than tho oppo- nents of tho voluntary principio have any idea of. Education I deem one of the most important sub- ject« that will como bofore tho Legislature, and thoro Is nono so difficult of propor adjustment. Tho ques- tion is of such vital fmportanco to tho present and future welfare of tho colony that concessions ought to be mndo by tho supporters of tho two boards now in operation, in order to secure' one united and comprehensivo schonio of public education. Of tho tv, o systems, denominational and national, 1 prcfor the former ; but It Is now ovidont,from tho strong and c\cited foellngs that havo sprung up betwixt many of tho adherents of these two systems, that both will hnv o to give way to olio that will moro generally com- bino parties. A system of education managed by local boards I think well adapted for our requirements, by which menus the residents In the various localities would In.ve the superintending and managing of tho schools In which tlioy would bo moro Immediately intciestoil, but nil schools to bo subject to Government in kpection. livery encouragement should bo given for tho ex- tention of ngrlculturo by tho Government keeping the Innd mnrkot fully supplied, and thus preventing any unduo enhancement of tho price. Ilio prosont occupants of tho Crown lands ought net to bo allowod to lntorforo with tho most extensivo fnullltles being afforded for the acquisition of lands by Hie pcoplo ; notwithstanding, I am of opinion that tome pormanont settlement of tho squatting question thernld bo immediately como to, and. If calmly consi dcied by all parties, I havo no doubt but that a satli fnrtory docislon will bo arrived at. I nm quite opposed to any general schenio ol com- pensation ; but thoro may arise instances in which pecuniary loss will bo sustained by tho disposal of runs, lind in which cases, if provod to tho batisfnetion of a lourd appointed by tho Legislature, I think that thcro should bo indemnity granted. If elected, I will glvo my most cordial support to all measures having in viow the opening up of tho country by ineanB of railways and common roadB. So essential do I consider Ihcso workB to bo for tho prosperity and ?i ttlcment of tho colony, that, rathor than (inmediato m tion bo not tnken In forming railways to the princi j ni gold-fields, I think other public works should bo delayed for a timo. Every encouragement ought lo bo hold out tolnduco n constant and copious stream of immigration of a sultablo class of colonists, tis- without such it wiri bo impossible to cony out the works necessary for tho full development of tho resources of tho country. Federation amongst tho Australasian colonies 1 thlnlc moM. dosirnblo. By this means only will uniformity ol tariff» bo secured, BO essontlal to the satisfactory work- ing of tho Customs regulations, whare thcro is sucli an rx tensive frontier as betwixt this and tho adjacent colonies of Now South Wales and South Australia. Federation Is also necessary to tho proper management ni d adjustment of foreign and Intercolonial postal ai rangements, and many other matters affecting those colonies generally. The economical and buslncss-llko management Of the finances of tho colony is of tho greatest linport i nee, in order lo securo the confldonco of tho English capitalists, from whom wo must becomo borrowers fox the purposo of carrying out our public works j and, ii elected, I will turn my attention to this, and opposa a'l wasteful oxtravaganco in tho management of the publie dopartmonts, and carefully watch the expendi- ture of .the Government. All local matters ad'cctlng the interests of the city, ni (1 the general Interests of commerce in which it is so deeply engaged, will, If elected, command my especial attention. Having stated my views on the principal question! now beforo tho public, I will take early opportunitie« of meeting tho electors in tho various districts, and mero fully satisfying thom as to points which cnnnol be alluded to in Mich an address as this ; but I have resolved not to canvass, as I bcllovo it to bo tho tmlj liberal and proper course to avoid interference witt ti c electors, further than by giving nil Information. 1 havo only, In conclusion, to say, that If honora -» ith your confldonco, I wiU endeavor so to dlschai gi the ¡duties devolving on mo as to meet your approval I nm, Gontlemcn, Your obedient servant, JAMES M'CULLOCH." To Messrs. 1). S. Campbell, F. J. Sargood, M.L.Ú. Gcnrgo Harker, Walter Powell, Win. Hammil: Win. Dcgia\en, and the other gout lowen »krnhi: the rapthMon ' 2(183 Eleotion Notices TO HENRY MILLER, Esq., M.f, C-Sir,-Wo tho undersignod, Electors of the Central Pro- vince, having the fullest confidence) in your integrity, ard from your long residenco in tho colony, together with the valuablo services you havo rendered during your career as a Momber of tho Legislative Council about to expiro, feeling assured that your return as a Member of the new Legislativo Council will bo condu- cive to tho bost interest« of the colony, request that you will allow yourself to be placed In nomination as a candidate to represent the Central Province, and pledge ourselves to uso our best exertions to securo your return. Georgo Stephen, K.B. J. Conroy Thomas Howard Followos,G. W. Blaokburno M.L.O. H. 8. Chapman, M.L.C. Patrick o'Rrlon, M.L.O. A. Russell, M.L.C. Jcl ii Goodman, M.L.C. W. B. Bumloy, M.L.O. F. E. Beaver, M.L.C. A. F. A. Grooves, M.L.C. Francis Murphy, M.L.O. Augustus B. Abraham Charles Creswell Geimain Nicholson TJ. N. Hull Robert Sellar William Greon TI omas Butter J. W. Blundell H. A. Coffey Robert Mathewson James Hope John King H. S. Fish Saml. Gregory W. P. Whlto Geo. Lewis Samuel Thorp F. Coopor "W. R. Bolcher T. F. Mann John Mason Tliomas Davies "William Ford J. B. Milton G. M. Nicholls Vf. Johnston J. Kidnor John Matliew Smith Charles Cock P. Pclnscinl R. K. Gregory Hornill Korr A. P. Southoy J. E. O'Roilly J. S. Nicholson M. Attonborough Jesse Fairchild Jno. R. Pascoo Robt. Kent "Wm. Abercrombie Wm. Fawcott John Wilson ThOB. M. Crosblo R. E. Jacomb A. M'Callum W. Lano K. Riordan J. Camordy Thoa. Thorp M. P. Blundell F. Hayley K. E. Brodribb H. Walsh Henry Jennings John Mackcnzlo John Millor ' Charles Vaughan Edward Wild John Jennings Ambroso Kyto D. S. Galbraith Jer. Dalton Rob. Knagtrs, M.R.O.S.L C. Vf, Umphelby Job Judd Thomas Fulton William Hull D. S. Campbell T. J. Sumnor F. J. Bligh S. Elliott John Brown William Clarko A. 0. Livingston, M.D. Francis Hobson 3\. S. Woolcott F. Walsh John M'Gath John Boll T. Patten Richard Punch W. Payno J. Bartholomew J. B. Clutterbuck, M.D Ed. Ashley Rob. Willan John Cunnington Fred. Boyne Henry Budge Fred. Codo H. W. Turnor Michael Cilrtano Dan. Lyttleton Wm. J. T. Clarko 'W. H. Campboll Ebon. Lush John Lush John Vf. Howoy Duncan Longdcn, J.P. H. G. Camoron William G. Adamson John Barlow Septimus Martin, J.P. Wm. Barrett Michael Sheedy O. Ncuhauss, J.P. John Woolcott John Hunter William Gregory Edmund Pnlmcr John Hopwood James M'Lcod William Oswin John Connoll George Stirling Daniel Lyttleton John Carran Charles Britten William Lancaster , Honry II. Santom Henry Gibbins Patrick Goraghty John Huddleston John Sheedy Henry Powis William Ryan William Stophon William Porrin Matthew Dwyer Daniol Kelly Thomas Cahill James Millin John Wright Honry Rogers William Pinniger John now James Goldlo Thomas Messotor Tliomas II. Hadley William Littlo Robort B. Davies William Ross William Warry John Brown H. St. John Clarko., M.R.C.S.E. Richard Goidsbrongr Snmuol Turnor James Wiggiesworth T. C. Colo William J. Corzo Aloxandor Morrison Daniel Owon Jamos Wallis . Tliomas Cattanach John M'Gibbon Tliomas Watson Thomas Armstrong Abraham Ruff Tliomas Hippoll John Fitzgerald Robert Hayes A. J. Carpontcr Edwin Jones James Nolan Henri'Creswick William Landor William Ilainmill Vf. A. Blair William Royeraft Jamos Wiso W. H. Froor B. H. Dods Rob. Caddon Goorgo Wiso Theodora Hancook G. B. Johnstone Eel. Keogh John Orr T. P. Gill, 0.0. John Willis C. Cbossoll Tliomas Vnsoy W. Mortimer John Do Pass D. Duncan M. Mitchell R. Frost John Oosgravo John Mullaly William Rolling J. C. Brown Albert Hancock T. II. M'Grcgor William Daish Jos. Marshall Alfred Hughes J. Macfarlane Robort Atkinson C. Macfarlane Tilomas Dollard John Marshall Ashor Hann H. Mandcll William Ashling Ben. Williams James O'Brlon G. Watson Matthow Toohoy O. L. Hanbury Goorgo Farranco F. Atkyns Adam Gordon Gill) J. Armstrong Freeman Manuel P. A. 0. O'Farroll " James Fraser T. B. Payno P. M. ROBS R. C, Gresson David Richards Jomes Turnor H. J. Jeffrey G. Thwaitos, sen. William Dowe W. Gibbs John Eldor Edmond Finn Robort Potts W. II. Whelan David Lowls . C. FausBot Thomas Stephens Vf. Baker * G. L. Harris Eel. Ray John D. Hayward II. N. Simson , John Bato II. Goodman G. Pontln J. Watt George Graham J. Malpas Joseph Murphy S. M. South John Dlnwoodlo R. M'Farland Jamos Rule J. Jordan Abraham Biggs John Macgregor William Harding Jclm Nceson James Rcovo E. L. Vail Peter Nottloton J. Snowball Jamos Turnbull 11\. Hutton G. Y. Flshley Tatrlck Mornano Patrick Hayes E. Tufton Smith Josoph G. Buffett J. Holland William II. Billyer E. DeCarlo Honry Jones H. Holmo Fredorlck Serlo R. C. Luscombe Henry Groom W. G. Gravo Thomas M'Crae M. Sclvwrlght John Flott li. Newton Michael Ashton John Wilkins, J.P. Walter Boll T. Dudloy Thomas L. M. Winter G. '1 liornas F. J. Coote D. M. Taylor H. J. Chambers A. Lindsay R. S. Anderson J'scjih Dalgarno J. M'Cornilok W. Leach J. Wisowould II. Lawlor J. 0. Foil R. M'Kco Alox. Hunter, F.R.C.S.E. II. Tavemor Crawford Paseo, R.N. W. Curdoy Thos. Mason, Chairman T. Robinson M.C. Williamstown. To tho Electors of the Central Province. My Follow Citizens,-It was not my intention to havo offorcd mysolf to your notlco at tho prosont oloc t ion, huton tho rccoipt this morning of a requisition so numerously signed, I hnvo altered my purposo, and now hasten, although at tho eleventh hour, to tender my services, and solicit your siilTragoa as a candidato for a seat in the now Legislativo Council. The Now Constitution Act, with tho Electoral Act, nnd tho Election Proceedings Regulation Act, if ho- nestly administered, will soeuro purity of oloction,nnd civil and religious liborty to tho people. I shnll there- fore, if elected, endeavor to presorvo tho prosont Con- stitution without alteration or addition, oxcept in eel tain points and for purposes that havo already bocomo tho subject of public controversy. In the abstract, I am in favor of tho " voluntary principio," and hopo- to soo the day wlion sufficient pi ovlslon w ill bo thus modo for publlo worship. I am not, howovcr, propared to Vote for tho abolition of tho pre nt at present, but will advocate its distribution in the interior ; and I hold that tho Jows aro entitled to participate in Stato nid until tho fifty-third clause is n pealed. Tho proporty qualification for mombors is, in my oj inion, a WIBO enactment, but I should not object to a "reduction of tho amount, and I nm In favor of " manhood suffrago" for the doctors to tho Assembly. I would mako provision, at an early day, for the federal union of tho Australian colonies for the purposes of mutual protection and dofence, and tho settlement of all intercolonial questions. In all new countries the occupation of the lands by- an agricultural population is an object of tho first de mostlo Importance. Tho snuattors of this colony hnvo fulfilled their des- tiny as tho "pioneers" of civilisation, and thoy must now bo prepared to give placo to frcoholdors. Tile claims for compensation sot up by tho pastoral tenant« or tho Crown cannot bo established undor the Orders in Council. Individual elaims should bo decided on tin Ir merits. 1 nm In favor of letting Btock runs at a fixed annual rent. I havo at all times advocated tho oponlng up of tho cc nntry by the making of roads and bridges, and tho formation of railways. Somo progress has already been mado, but thoso indispensable works must now "be pushed on with redoubled vigor. .. At tho same timo much discretion must bo ob- served In tho mode of procuring labor mid ft lids, so as to obtain tho grcatost posslblo remits with the least expenditure, nor must tho ener- gies of a young colony ho overtasked. , I will continuo to promoto tho mining interests by ci cry means in my power. Tho progress of tho colony dopomla in n ¡nea measure on the dcvolop-i mont of its mineral riches. . ' ? No momber of tho Legislature has given 'greater attention to tho subject of " odnca 'tien," and I Bholi not bo contont until the " meonB of a good sound education bo found for evory child in the colony. If a general system can bo agreed on, so much tho better; but this I havo 'found a question of great practical difficulty, 'and I now support the distribution -of .grants for education to the national and denominational systems respectively, iii"proportion to the numbor of children ' cducatod by each. Tho limits of a newspaper address will not allow mo '.on this occasion to oxpross my vlows on many impor 'tant political questions; but I shall act in alf matters lor what I consider tho general good of my adopted country, and It is my anxious desire that the Council, whllo fulfilling its intonded function as the safeguard of the Constitution, shall work In harmony with the Legislativo Assembly. , I nm, iny follow-ctllzons, Your faithful obedient sorvnnt, HENRY MILLEir > »ibounie, 10th August, 18G0. 242C tb sat tu nnil wed an 27 Election Notices. . "ENTRAL PROVINCE.-Mr. HODGSON'S Central ' J Committee Sit Every Day at tho Exchange Hotel, ;? v anston-Btrcct. Special Meetings every day at Half-past Two._66 nug 27 CENTRAL PROVINCE.-ELECTION NOTICE. In order to prevent confusion at tiic Election for this Province, which is to tako placo on the 27th cur- rent, I haro to call tho r.Luition of the Electors to Clause IL. or " The Electoral Act of 1860," which provides that ovory Elector "Shall voto at tho polling-ploco appointed fer tho division of tho provinco or district respectively upon the roll for which his name shall bo." WILLIAM M. BELL, Returning Officer. Melbourne, 18th August, I860. 2637 aug 27 CITY ELECTION.-Mr. O'SHANASSY will moot the Electors of the city on Thursday Evening, the Î8th inst., at Soven o'clock, at Aßtloy's Arnphi thoatre._US nug 28 SOUTH BOURKE ELECTION. - Mr. O'BIHEN will Moot tho Electors at Council's Hawthorno Hotel, Hawthorne, at Sovon o'clock on Wednesday livening, 27th hist. At Boll's Upper Yarra Hotol, Templestowe, at Sei en o'clock on Saturday Evening, 80th inst. _126 nug 27 V, EST BOURKE ELECTION.-Dr. WILKIE v will bo happy to moot tho Electors of the nbf.ve Districts At Glsborno, on Thursday, August 28J At Sunbury, on Friday, August 20. At tho Diggor's Rest, August 30th. 41 aug 28 SOUTH BOURKE ELECTION.-Mr. FOXTON will Address the Eloctors of South Bourke at the Upper Yarra Hotel, Tomplostowo, This Evening, Wednesday, the 27th August, at Sovon o'clock pro cieoly._2008 CENTRAL PROVINCE ELECTION.-NOTICE. borcby give notice, that at the Election hold by me this day, the Election fell by show of hands on John Pascoe Fawkner, M.L.C. David E. Wilkie, M.D. John Hood, merchant Nehomlah Guthridge, merchant, And John Hodgson, M.L.C. On whom I therefore declared tho Election to havo fallen ; and a Poll having beon duly domanded, I an- nounced that the Polling shall take place on the 27th of this current month ef August, commencing at nine o'clock a.m., and closing nt four o'clock p.m. bf that day. WILLIAM M. BELL, Roturning Offloor. Melbourne, 10th Augnst, 1868._2S00 nug 27 C" O L O N Y 01 VICTOR Ä" . CENTRAL PROVINCE ELECTION. I hereby give notice that I havo appointod tho fal lewing gentlemen to act as Doputy Returning Officer» for this Provlnco if a poll bo demanded at tho Election to bo held on tho 10th day of August cur- ent: William Porry, auctioneer. William Westgarth, morchnnt Henry Box, morchant i John Porter, morchant Honry Creswick, wine and spirit morchant FrnuclB Stuart, morchant Jnmcs Scrvloo, morchant William Smith, merchant T. J. Nankcvlllo, merchant Thomas Rae, merchant John James Ilallott, surgeon. And I do further givo notice that the Election will bo held on tho 19th current, nt the Police Court, Swantton-strcct ; and that, if tho said Election shall bo contested, tho following aro tho places wlioro tho Electors will bo required on 27th ourrent to record their votes : For tho Division of St. Paul.-At the Police Court, wanston-strcot. Keilor and Royal Park Divisions.-At Flemington. St. Mary's, University, and Halfway Divisions.-In booth to b i orcetcd on vacant ground opposite tho Colonial Treasury St. James's and St. Patrick's Divisions.-St.'Pntriok's Hall. St. Francis's and Eastern-hilt ¡ Divisions. - Pro- testant Hall. TcmpIcBtowo, Jolimont, St. Stophon's, and St. James's (Richmond) Divisions.-Spread Eoglo Hotel, Rich- mond Brldgo-rond. Williamstown Division.-Burn's Iron Store, corner ef Nolson parade and Fergusson street) Williams, town. St. Kilda and Elßtornwlck Divisions. - Junction Hotel. Sandridge and Emorald Hill Divisions.-Great Iron Store, Ccoll-streot. South Yarra and Windsor Divisions.-Bowling Al- ley, Chapel-street, Prahran. St. Mark's and FitzRoy Divisions.-At a booth to bo .rccted on a piece of vacant ground at tho junction of David and Smith streets, Collingwood. Glasshouso, Abbotsford, and Quarries Divisions. On a booth to bo orcctod on Crown lands. Polling to commonce at nlno o'clock a.m., and terminate at four o'clock p.m. Gh en undor my nanti tins 7th day of August, I860. WILLIAM M. BELL, Roturning Offleor. _* nug 27 OUTS PROVINCE ELECTION.-In pursuance of my offlco as Roturning Offleor fortbis province I do horcby further givo notlco that tho Nomination for the Election was held on Tuosday, the 10th inst., lit tho Devonshire Anns Hotol, Brighton, when more .andldatcs wore proposed than I was required to return in the writ addressed to mo ; and a poll having been domanded nnd granted, tho following are tho places whore tho electors will bo required to givo tholr \otos on Friday, the 20th day of August current, between the hours of nlno a.m. and four p.m. : For tho divisions of Brighton and Oakleigh-at the Devonshire Arms, Brighton. For tho division of Bacchus Marsh and Blackwood at th« Woolpack Hotol, Bacchus Marsh. I For th« division of Gisborne-at the Gap Hotel, Tho Gap, and at Kollor. For tho division of Bulla-at the Gap Hotel, The Gnp, and at Kollor. For tho division of Keilor (A)-at Kollor and Tho Gap. I, For the division of Tomplostowo (A)-at Hawthorne. I For thodlvislon ofDonnybrook-at Donnybrook and Pentridge, For tho division of Pentridge-at Pcntridgo and Donnybrook. For tho division of Evolyn-at Heidelberg, Eltham, and Whittlesea. For tho division of Hoidclborg-at Hoidelborg, El- tham, and Whittlesea. For tho division of Whittlesea-at Heidelberg, Ei | timm, and Whittlesea. ' For the division of Mornington-at Dandenong. Dated 21st August, 1860. J. B. WERE, Roturning Officer. _170 aug 20 TO THE ELECTORS OF EVELYN AND MOR NINGTON.-Gontlemon,-In the Journals of last n eck I Inserted n letter addressed to Mr. Ponder. My object was to afford Mr. Pondor an opportunlty of being present when I publicly prove that he has promulgated statements relativo to me which aro not correct. 1 have read Mr. Pondor's and Mr. F. B. Falkiner's remarks on the Mild letter, but from the ovidenco in my possession adhere to ovory word it contains. My request for a meeting with Mr. Pondor before the electors, as conveyed to him in print, and li,' Councillor Turner, has beon sedulously evaded. I therefore givo notlco that I convene a public meeting at Eltham on Saturday noxt, 30th Inst., at two o'clock, for tho purnoso of making good inv assertions and of answering Mr. F. E. Falkiner'* questions to the satisfaction of my friondB. I am, Gontlomen, Your obedient terrant, W. A. D. ANDERSON. August 26th. 1860. 108 aug 28 