GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. We are informed that the Rev. Dr. Lillie will officiate at St. Andrew's Church on Sunday next. Arrival of the ONEIDA.-The Vixen arrived at Launceston yesterday from Melbourne, and reported the arrival on Tuesday of tho Oneida mail steam packet. _ Neither the Tiptree nor the Donald McKay had arrived. The Black Swan was going up on. Tuesday, and may be expected at Launceston with the mail to-morrow. A Suspicion has stolen into the breasts even of the least suspicious that our contemporary near tho Main Guard baa passed a very unhappy Christmas. To condole with it, however, would be superfluous, for jt would bo impossible by any repetition of words or iteration of arguments.either to give a correct utterance to our doubts of his actual sanity, or to represent by a fit description tho vast perplcxediiess which Foems to entangle and embarrass his mind. Wo hope, however, should ho bo spared to witness another return of tho season, tia may have penetration to perceive, mid,.if ho have candour, to acknowledge, ¡U reference to tho .original matter of dispute, that for onco wo havo shown him up In his true position, and exhibited tlio Advertiser in its proper colours. A GnosT in Nankeen Smalls.-Murray was ono night p.loying the Ghost in " Hamlet," at Covont Garden Thealro. As a considerable interval occurs beforo tho apparition makes its appearance, Murray throw off his ghostly gear at the conclusion of tho first scone, and slipped over to some brother convives, who wove enjoying thomsclvos at tho Garrick's Head. Hero tub minutos passed so pleasantly that Murray, on consulting his watch, found he" had overstaj'cd his'time. He had bardy time to return to tho theatre, throw off his coat and waistooat, _ don tho upper portion of bii ghostly attire, and caution the carpenters to wind him only half way up, when his cuo was given. These latter,however, eithcrmistokinghis directions, qr for tlio joke's sake, wound tho trap up as usual to the lovel of the stage, exhibiting to the astonished audience the' ghost of Hamlet's father accoutred in a helmet, cuirass, nanltecn inexpressibles, and a pair of top-boots.-Éoitlc/s Miscellany. Assault.-A respectably-dressed female named Ellen Valentino was charged before Mr. Burgess at tho Folicc-office this morning with having assaulted Mr. Robert Watson, confectioner, Murray-street, with intent to do some grievous bodily barm. It seems the defendant lind a pie baked by the informant, and not being brought out of the oven in a state satisfac- tory to the defendant, sho complained to Mr. Wat- son, and angry words ensuing, Mrs. Valentine evinced her displeasure hy throwing two tumblers at Watson's head. The prosecutor was severely cut, and as ho did not attend at tho Police-office this morning the case was remanded to Monday. Hats Off. . I am hold enough to say that the hat wearing custom is nothing more than a piece of small-souled imitation on tho part of bon. gentlemen who, under tho particular circumstances of their assembling, might have aspired to strike out a new path for themselves. In tho House of Commons, whero five or six hundred men meet, it is a matter of almost necessary convenience that the mombil s' hats should remain-in the custody of their owners. It is not because the knights and burgesses opine that any principle of constitutional freedom is involved in the practice, or any measur.o of personal dignity asserted by it, that they sit uncovered. It is, in point of fact, a custom that exists hy connivanco, just as the admission of strangers to the gallery does. They aro supposed not to bo prosent. And in the samo way the Speaker is not supposed to seo the bats that lion, gentlemen would verily not know what to do with if they did not keep them on their heads, 'that this is the real fact of the caso is evident from the circumstance that the moment a 'member rises and so puts himself in a position to attract the notice of (ho chair, his head is instinctively and invariably uncovered, and remains so until he again glides into tlio partial obscurity of his scat. Our worthy rcpre7 sentativea have altogether mistaken the bearings of the matter, and think they are doing something very noble and hLjh-mindcd wjien they, aro lpally sinning grievously against propriety and good taste ; subject- ing themselves to what, in thaïe dog days, must bp a soiious inconvenience, and by no means contributing-, wo assure them, to tho pictii:psque aspect of the House.-From My Note Book, No. 1. General Post ürricrj,-List of letters posted this day, either insufficiently stamped or not stamped nt all, December 25th, 1856:-C. G. Casey, E?q.,_ Eliznbeth-atioot. Mr. M'Arthur, Union" Bank,' -Macquarie-s reet. Mr. W. Pirton, New Town, Goo- long, Victoria. Air. W. V. Smith, Campania, Rich- mond. John Dunn, junr., Esq., cam of Messrs. Brown and Co., 31, Threadneedle-i-lreet, London. New Nouroi.K Regatta,-The Monarch steamer started for the Regatta tins morning." Sha was abso- lutely crammed to suffocation, more than 400 people being on board. The Ant was equally well loaded, and numbers were disappointed in not obtaining a passage, and had to proceed in tho yenus, which v/as also well loaded. Bicheno.-The office of Resident Magistrato' at Bicheno will be abolished from tlio commencement of the ensuing year, Tho duties will havo to be dis- charged by the lrcal magittiacy, the nearest of whom resides ten miles away. Theatrical.-Mr. anti Mrs. Claranco Holt open to-night at Launceston in "Civilization." Tho Cornwall Chronie'e announces that Miss Quinn, Mademoiselle Duret, and Mr. G. V. brooke have been engaged by Mr. F. B. Watson. Mn. Fenwick officiated at the Polieo-offico on Christmas Day lor the Chief Polico Magistrate, Mr. Fenwick directed that thp Police-office be closed, and that the persons charged with drunkenness be admitted to bailón their íccognisance to appear this morning. The Sik W. F. Williams.-A youth named Trlplree, an immigrant by tins, vessel, aged l8, was admitted to H. M. General Hospital on the 16th, and expired on the 22nd. The young man, it is roported, was suffering from consumption when be embarked. Provisions for the Colony.- We notice Mr. Guosdon advertises a sale of choice cattle and sheep, ex Eclipse, in time for New Year's consumption, to take place to-morrow, at the Government Slaughter- house Yards, at 3 o'clock ; and by tho same auc- tioneer, on Tuesday next, at 12 o'clock, alongside the schooner Urania, 100 tous fine Chilian flour. 