Intnl. LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE NEW, CONGREGATIONAL CHAPEL, . WOLLONGONG. . . On Thursday last; according to nniioiiiicemcnt, . the foundation stoile of a New Congregational Church was laid 111 Market-street, by-tho llov. Dr. Ross of Sydney. Tho day was oppressively -hot, but notwitlistanding there were a large number ol persons prcsont. Tlio deputation from Sydney consisted ot Dr. Ross, Rov. Mr. Beassle.y, and the Rev. Mr. Russell, a missionary from British India. ? . Tho services were commenced by the Rov. .G. Charier, tlio resident Minister, giviHg out a hymn, afier singing of which, tho Rev. S. Wilkinson, Wcsloyan Minister of Woiloiigong, offered up an appropriate prayer. Mr. Charter then read tho inscription which was enclosed along with several current coins ot tho realm, nnd a copy of the lllatonrra Mereury of 'Monday ? last, 111 a bottle placed beneath tho stone. Tlio following is a copy of tho inscription : — 'The foundation stono of a New Congregational Church was laid ? by Rov. Dr. Ross, 011 Thursday 23rd day of October, 1850, Sir .William Denison being Governor-General ot the Australian Colonics. 'This Church will bo erected upon ground given for \- ; the . purpose by Henry. Gilbert Smith, Esq. ot . Sydney, and is situated 111 Market-street, .Wollon ? ? gong, 111 the district of Illawnrra. ??.'?: 1 Georgo Waring. Esq., Architect. ; . Mr. James Orpliin, builder.. 'It is dedicated to tho Triune, Jehovah, Father, Son, nnd Holy Ghost, and is designed lor the publica tion ol the glorious gospel of our fiord and Saviour, : Jesus. Christ, us main turned by the Congregational Section ot tlio Christian Chtn'ch.' ? - GEORGE CHAUCER, Milliliter. / Octobor 23rd- 1856. , ? Dr. Ross then laid the stono with the usual ceremonies; after which ho delivered an appropriate address, descrip tive ot their peculiarities, as if section ot the Church ot Christ, the leading features:. of.which, wero that the Bible was their only standard,- having neither confession | of faith or creed, to which their members were required 1 to subscribe. He remarked, that in all human compo sitions errors may be found-;. but. 111 tho :Bible none. Theywero independent. Tliev admitted ot 110 interference by the -State ; tliey acknowledged ,110 : head ; but Christ ; they dul not commit. a whole country to the suppcrvision ot a Bishop ; tliey; had no Presbyteries,: Synods, or Con ferences; each congregation' -was independent-,-.- -and managed its ownaitairs. In the last place, theywero voluntaries.'. They depended, alone 011 : tlio jnety and liberality ot their members ; they compelled 110 man to contribute to their support ; it tliey did so, their whole svstem must break down, for, as they allowed 110110 to think for, them, :neither could tliey consistently,' had they the power, compel anv to support them. ,; Those lie remarked wero their distinct ivo features ; but-, though differing 111 matters ot Church Government, 'dicipline, Ac,, they hold-in. common with all Evangelical' Christians, tho great doctrines ot . the Bible,: and' they '?loved all who loved the Lord Jesus Christ.'. - ,/,': Mr. Bousloy then delivered the following nil dress: — Wo sometimes hear it said, and 111 reference to religion too, 'Tlio --former days were . better than these.' 'But this, we think, may be fairly, questioned. Wo daro .- not, perhaps,- /.challenge comparison' .with some verv eminent examples of the past, such as those ot Fletcher, Doddridge, Brainerd, nnd Edwards. Neither are we able to mention instances ot varied learning equal to what wo muet with aiiiong tbo great iiuincs ot History. But,, look at tlio suliject 111 another light, ask about the spread of religion, about-its salutary, contact .with , largo classes of 111011, about tho extent to which it pervades literature, look at the eltnrts that aro now niiule, to , spread Chrislianity through the world, and at tlio evident connection ot tlio blessings ot God with thoso. efforts, and we may safely nlhrin that ' the former ilavs were not better than these.' How tar tho present stale of zealous activity and ot con sequent prosperity may be traced to the existence, and. amicable rivalry ot different sects, 1 will not say. Perha])s the principle invoked by St. Paul, and which, operated so advantageously in tliu apostilio churches may not have been without its lnllrence in our modern days'; St. Paul ; speaks of the zeal of 0110 church 'provoking very . many.' It seems to me: that our denominations, have a twofold work to do— a comnioii:aiid a special work.;. The common work- 'embraces- what is fundamental and paramount; We believe 111 tlio samo things— 111 the same Bible — in the samo Saviour — 111 . tho samo --redemption — 111 tho same iinmortallity.' 0 labor- to linpross these great topics upon tlio 'lninds'-ot men, and vvo enforce such a life ot -devotedncss to 'God as may, be expected: from persons who believe such doctrines. . W 0 strivo.: to teach tlio voung around' lis— and to send the -.gospel 'to the heathen World; But wo have also a special object lirview. -. There are three forms ot Church government. — 1 lie Episcopal, 1 tho Presbyterian,' and tho Congregational.: Tliero is j government' bv 0110 111 Episcopacy; .government .bv.many 1 | in 'Prcsbyteriar.ism, goverument by all the church 111 I11 1 dependene.y. Each partv labors not lor th~oaZIvanceTuent ot Christianity merely, but ot-its own view ;ot that blessed system- ; Now wo may bo askud/ ' how do/you justily tlio position you havo taken, and the name you bear.'? ..Per-, liups our fathers.- would' liavtt given a three-fold answer to that question. They looked. on encli sincere; christian as a child ot tho most High — asaciti/.ou ot Z1011— and iisf. a dcsciplo ot Jesus. 'I hey believed that God had given his word into tho hands otsucli;eliristians, and had made it his right and duty to study that - word . without /inter- mission— that 111 tho exercise of this right and dufy. ho is responsible to God alouo— and that claiming this light himself lie is, to concede it others ; not' to frown, hate, or -persecute those who difler irom. him. 'I bey. knew, full well tlio nature of inind as niade in : tlio. linago of God, and Unit truth alonom its appointed .nourishment.-.' Thoy. saw ' that bad tlio mind been : a ./ substance :? they could have operated upon it as a substance. - Had it been metal they could have welt, en und cast it into a, lirepured mould— had ;it lieon wood thoy coald havo : phi tied or carved it into the desned shape ; but, as it is spiritual, bearing the impress of its divine parentage — accessible to motive and truth alone, — their treatment 11111st corres pond to its nature.. Thoy saw the slicor .impossibility ot 'training 'and educating tne mind except through its own convictions, 'f inis modern Independency had its founda tion laid 111 a1 profound perception of, and .veneration- for tlio nature and properties of tlio soul. Our fathers,. -mureover, believed that it is tlio right and duty, ot .a church to manage its own.. affairs — to admit, suspend, ?and exclude .members— to ehoseits ministers and deaeous —and to servo the ureas Master in tne. way ot nisappoiuii ? tnent; ' Tliey wero accustomed to refer to the significant fact that the epistles of tho Now .Testament were ad dressed, not to Bishops or deacons alone — but to tho entire ? body of the faithful.: Tliey believed that tho. Churches, of Jesus' Christ should stand apart Irom tho State, should carry- out -their own schemes ;of. sustaining and .spreading ?the 'lioly gospel. ? The churches were under obligation to reverence the civil power, but still to remember tlio words 'illy Kingdom is not of: this world. Tho wonders i, fleeted by the Voluntary Principle involved in .all, this ?havo astoiiished the world. -This princi]ile has, however, been adopted by bodies who do not think .,with 11s in other ro- qieots. 'Since tho disruption:; in . .1843 the Free OI:urch has raised £'304,000. ,, Tlio Episcopal Church ol England raisos for 0110 object, viz., tho missionary cause, £100,0000. Tho Wooleyans/ an equal amount, for a similar nurposo. -Theso instances aro sufficient to ahpw the vitality and energy of the principle.- I think wo iSbo much, to gratify. 111 tlio fact that tlio princinlos for which our fathers wore distinguished, and tor wiiicli tliey suf fered, aro finding their way into churches which woro onco thought .opposed to them — and thus tho distnnco bo tivcci) us and other bodies is lessoned. An 1 in porta 11 1 ovent hns been rccentlyroported which gives special gratification, I refer to tho.presontation oflan address to the Bishop of Melbourne, 111 referenco to tho project ofsthe- Chinoso to build a Joss IIouso in tlio suburbs of Melbourne. - Tlio Bishop nobly declined to uso any liifluenco m tho matter, except moral itifltionco — tho .influence of faith, 'fillip tlio principle ot toleration which wo lnculcato anil which was taught with such commanding siiccoss by our great teacher John Locke, is acted upon in quarters where ages -sinco wo should littlo expect to meet with it. Wo feel a proud satisfaction 111 witnessing in various directions tho ex tension of a princplo wo hold so dear. Perhaps wo may llftnn 111 rnltif.inn t/wliOufnuf flnnnmitv.i 4 -n«w. turns mutual advantages may bo experienced. Ono may supply stimulus and heat 'in exchango for tho light of another, nnd thus by tho iniornction of ono body 011 auothor, and by tho joint pursuit ot that which is highest and most vital 111 tho blessed religion ot Jesus, wo may di aw ncai 01/ together and realize 11 moro cordial union May you, for 1 see ministers of diflerent sects before mo experience this, each body contributing its portion of :eflort and the sum of tlioso efforts flow through this dis trict liko a mighty and fertilising stream. Mi . Charter then gavo out a hvnin, anil pronounced tlio benediction, and tho services connected with this interesting undertaking terminated. . THE TEA MF.KTING. . Immediately after the abovo Services, tho persons assembled, adjourned to tlio large booth that had been ercctcd in tho paddock adjoining tho place of worship nt present used- by the Independents. 'Ibis was a commodi ous,' but. temporary structure, covered with calico, in winch wero -numerous tables, placed^cross-ways, witln. seats ranged up each sido. 'ihe placo was tastefully decorated with native shrubs. Tlio tables wcro covered vvitli tlio usual appurtcnances ol tea drinking. Tlio currant and seed cako wcro very superior in quality, and abundantly supplied, and reflected great credit 011 the. ladies, 011 whom this department devolved, and who, we regret to say, wero overlooked entirely 111 the meeting that followed — 110 vote ot thanks being proposed ; how over, wo think it must have been 1111 oversight. The 'lho number of -persons who parcook ot tea as near as wo could ascertain, wero about throe hundred, a large num ber of. whom wcro ladies. Alter the; more- substantial portion ol tho entertainment had been disposed of, the public meeting commenced. Mr. Eoss, ot Sydney was callcd upon to preside, who had arrived that at ternoon in tlio Illawarra. . I11 his open ing remarks I10 observed that he was 0110 who had assisted.: at the laying the foundation stono of tho first Congre gational Church 111 tho Colony (wo understood him to say) twenty-lour yenrs ago. They might judge- ot the progress ot the Independent Church 111 the Colony from tho fact, of this being the ninth foundation stoiio that had beon laid since tliut tune. Addresses were then delivered by tlio Dev. S. Wilkinson, Mr. G. Hewlett, Rev. Mr. Beasley, Rev. Mr. Russoll, and Dr. Ross. As showing the opinion that intelligent strangers entertain ot the natural beauties of our district, and the indications of its prosperity we may notice, one or two remarks ot Mr Beaslev. He had read ot controvereies .as to where Adam and Eve woro first placed by their. Maker ; but lie never read ot fllawaiTa-being one, ? although lie thought trom what lie hud seen ot it, it hnd us good a claim as any other plane. Ho hud traversed it lor fortv miles; and must say it furnished every evidence ot progressive pros perity. Another sign ot progress , ho observed, was the existence ot a newspaper, tho iifcrcury, and from what heliadsoeu ot the high and healthy tono of that paper, the district must be benefitted thereby, un-l he was happy to hear from tlio gentleman connected with it that it was liberally supported. In the course of 1 Mr. Hewlett's remarks, we learned that thu building ot tlio Church 111, question would cost £1400, towards which they, had received £300 from the Congregational Building Com mittee 111 Sydney, and the local subscription list was £5 00 or £600, so tliut it would require ull their uuitcd efforts to complete tho undertaking. A letter-was read Irom the Rev. G. Mackio apologising for Ins absence. The chairman then gavo out a livmn, after which Mr. Chai'tei-pronouuccd tho benediction, and thus terminated 0110 ot the most agreeable and interesting meetings it was ever our privilege to attend; - ? -T'f- - ..- : 