MISCELLANEOUS. ! | ÜL" The Washington Metropolitan announces the following curious facts :-" The new Russian mi- nister for the United States is called SomonosolF (saw my nest* off) An attache of the same lega-! tion at Washington, BlowmunosolT(blow my nose off); besides which we have Colonel KulmonosofT (cut my nose off) uf the Imperial Guard; Mar- shal PolmanosoA' (pull my nose off) ; Gen. Noz ti gon (note begone,) and man others. A ToucHiNo SCENE.-A beautiful infant had been .taught to say, and it could say lilli* Veis«, " God will take care of biby." It w.«s seized with sickness, at a time when both parents were huit recovering from a dangerous, illtieis. Every! day it grew worse, and at last it was given up loj die. 6 j Almost agonized, the mother begged lo be carried 3 into the room of her darling, to give it onej list embrace. Both parents succeeded in reaching the apartment, just as it was thought to have breathed its last. The mother wept aloud, when one« more the little creature opened its pyes, looked in her face, smiled, moved its lips, and in a faint voice said "dod will takecaro of baby." Sweet consol- ing words had hardly ceased when th* infant spirit was in heaven. BENEFITS or ADVEBSITV.-A smooth sea never made a skilful mariner, neither do uninterrupted prosperity and success qualify for usefulness and happiness. The storms of adversity, like the storms of the ocean, arouse the faculties, excite the invention, prodt.ee skill and fortitude in the voyager. The martyrs of ancient times, in brac- ing their .iiinds to outwarp calamity, acquired a loftiness of purpose, a moral heroism, worth a life of softness and serenity. LEARN TO BEAR.-Be and continue poor, young man, white others around you grow rich by fraud and disloyalty ; be without place or power, while others beg their way upward ; bear the pain of disappointed hopes while others gain the accomplishment of their« by flat- tery ; forego the gracious pressure of th« hand, for which others cringe and crawl.-Wrap your- self up in your own virtue, and seek a friend and your daily bread. If you have, in such a course, grown grey «¡iii unblenched bunour, bless God and die. - Heinzelmann. A WITT» M A DM VIS.-A gentleman by the name of Man, residing near a private madhouse, met one of its poor inmates who had broken from his keeper. The maniac suddenly stopped, and rest- ing upon a Urge stick, exclaimed, " Who are you, sir P" The gentleman was rather aUrmed ; but thinking to divert his attention by a pun, he re- plied, " 1 am a double man ; I am a man by name and a man by nature." "Are you so?" rejoined the other ; " why I am a man beside myself ; so we two will fight you two." "WHAT is TUB 1'aicE OF DOCKS.-A gentleman was asktd " What was the price of ducks f" when he confessed that he could not tell. He had been nut that very day with his wife, and she had pur- chased no fewer than three ducks. Firstly, there was " a duck" of a dress ! secondly, " a duck" of a parasol; and thirdly, "a duck" of a bonnet. The first was made of Genoa velvet, the se- cond was trimmed with Valenciennes lace, and the third had a magnificent bunch of ostrich fea- thers. The united cost of these precious ducks was £55, so that each duck had stood bim in not less than £18 and a few shillings apiece. He supposed there were ducks to l>e hail in the market cheaper, but for himself, whenever he heard his wife mention the word "duck," he always trembled from head to foot, for he knew at once that it meant something inordinately expensive. - Punch's Pocket Book. Loan NOBDMRT.-A gentleman, who practised wit and professional law, thought that he could overcome the punster on the bench. So on one day, when Lord Norbury was charging a jury, the address was interrupted by the braying of a donkey. " What noise is that ?" cried Lord Nor- bury. "Tis only the echo of the court, my lord," answered Counsellor Readytongue. Nothing dis- concerted, the judge resumed his addict» ; but soon the barrister had tu interpose with technical objection. While putting them, again theilonkey btayed. " "ne at a time, if you please," said the retaliating joker. CHURCH DIGNITY.-A teacher at a national school at Whittlesey asked a boy, the other even- ing, which is the highest dignilary of the church After looking up and looking down, north, east, south, and west, I he boy innocently replied, "The weathercock." Why Is the price of flour so high P Because there it so much kneaded. The proverb, " The longer one lives the more he'll see," can't allude to money now-a-days. The new cucumbers have been christened " Sir Colin Campbell," and " General Canrobert." If a negro be named Smith, does it follow that he should be put down in the census as a black- smith ? It is scarcely to be wondered at that military rewards and honors are so begrudgingty and un- fairly meted out, since the door to promotion turns upon a Hardinge.-Diogenes, DRIVING A BAROAIN.-The son of a celebrated Hebrew singer, when only five years old, hld a wonderful aptitude for music, and a charming voice. At a party one evening, a friend asked the child to sing, which the young gentleman declined to do unless on being paid. " Well, my little dear," said the gentleman, " what do you ask for a song ?" "Sixpence" I'sped the child. " Six- pence," responded the other, "can't you sing me one for less P" " No," returned the little innocent, " I can't take less for one, but I'll put you in three for a shilling," TRUE GRBATNRSS.-If I am asked who ia the greatest man, I answer, the belt ; and if I am re- quired to say who is the best, I reply, he that 1MS done most for his fellow-creatures. Whether we deserve better of mankind by the cultivation of lelters, by obscure and inglorious attainments, by intellectual pursuits, calculated rather to amuse than inform, than by strenuous exertions in speak- ing and acting, let those consider who bury them- selves in studies unproductive of any benefit to their country or fellow-citizens. I think not. Sir Willirm Jones. PRACTICABLE THINGS.- I know ¡t is common for men to say that such and such things are per- fectly right, very desirable ; but that, unfortu- nately , they are not practicable, Oh ! no, sir, no. Those things which are not practicable are not desirable. There is nothing in the world reilly beneficial that does not lie within the reach of an informed understanding and a well directed pur- suit. There is nothing that God lias judged good for us that he has not given us the means to accomplish, both in the natural and the moral world. If wc cry like chih'ren for the moon, like children we must cry on.- Burke. DETERMINATION.-'. The longer I live," ssys Sir T. P. Buxton. " the more I am certain that the-great différence between men-between the feeble' and the powerful, the great and insignifi- cant-is energy, invincible determination, a pur- pose once fixed in, and then death or victory. This quality will do anything that can be done in the world; and no talents, no circumstances, no opportunities, will make a two legged creature a man without it." ECONOMY OF TIME .-Many people take no care of their money till they have come nearly to the end of It, and others do just the same willi their time. Their best days they throw away, let them run like sand through their fingers as long as they think they have an almost countless number to spend ; but «hen they find their days /lowing rapidly away, so that at last thoy have very few left, then they will at once make a very wise uso of them ; but unhappily they have by that time no .notion how (odo it. HURRY.-No two things differ more than hurry and despatch. Hurry is the mark of a weak mind, despatch of a strong one. A weak man in office, like a squirrel in a cage, is labouring perpetually, but to no purpose, and in constant motion with- out getting on a jot; like a turnstile, he is in everybody's way, but stops nobody ; he talks a great deal, but says very little, looks into every- thing, but sees into nothing ; and has a hundred irons in the fire, but very few of them are hot, and with those few that are, he only burns his fingers. -Colton. WHY THE WEDDING-RING IS PLACED ON THE FOURTH FINGER.-We have remarked on the vulgar error of a vein going from the fourth fin- ger of the left hand to the heart. It is said by Swinburn and others that, therefore, it became the wedding-finger. The priesthood kept up this idea by still keeping it as the wedding-finger, but it was not got at but through the use of the Trinity ; for, in the ancient ritual of English marriages, the ring was placed by the husband on the top of thumb of the left hand, with the words," In the name of the Father ; he then removed ¡I to the fore-finger, saying,- " In the name of tho Son ;" then to the middle finger, adding, " And of the Holy Ghost ;" finally, he left it, as now, on the fourth finger, with the closing word,'. Amen." -The History and Poetry of Finger-rings. 