THE CHANCES OF HUMAN LIFE. The story to which we now advert has the double Value of being told, we presume, on Mr. Ward's per- sonal knowledge, and of illustrating the extraordinary chances on widen human life it sometimes suffered to depend. The circumstances occured to tho well known Sir Evan Nepean in the home department. The popular version 0/ the story bat been, that he was warned by a vision to save tho lives of throe or four men condemned to die, but reprieved, and who, but for the vision, would haye perished through the under-secretary 'a neglect in forwarding tho reprieve. On Sir Evan's being subsequently asked bow far this story was true, his answer was?' The narrative romances a little, but what it alludes te was tbe most extraordinary thing that ever happened to in&.' The ¦impie facts as raia by himself are these:?Ono night, during bin office as under-secretary, he felt the most unaccountable wakefulness that could bo imagined { he was in perfect health, had dined early, and had nothing whatever on his mind to keep him awake. Still he found all bis attempts to .sleep impossible'; and from eleven till two in tho morning he never closed an eye. At length, weary of this struggle, and as twilight was breaking (it wat summer), ho determined to try-what would be the effect of a walk in the park. There be saw nothing but the sleepy sentinels. But in bis walk, happening to pats the home office several times, ho thought of letting himself in with his key, though without any particular object. Thc book of entries of the day before, still lay on the table, and through sheer listlessness heopeued it. The first thing rio saw appalled him?' A reprieve to be sent to York for tho coiners ordered for execution.' Tho execution hod been appointed for the next day. It struck him he had received no return to his order to send the reprieve. Ho searched the ' minutes;' ho could not find it there. In alarm, he went to the house of the chief clerk, who lived in Downing-street, knocked him up (it was than past three), and asked him if he knew anything of the reprieve being sent. In great alarm the chief clerk could not remember. 4 You are scarcely awake,' said Sir Eran; 'recol- lect yourself 1 it must have been sent.' The clerk said he now recollected ho had sent it to the clerk of thc Crown, whoso business it was to for- ward it to York. ¦¦? ' Good,'said ^ir Evan; 'but you have his receipt and certificate that it iB gone?' 'No.' ' Then come with mo; we must find him, although it is so early/ It was now four o'clock, and the clerk of the Crown lived in Chancery-lane. There was no hackney-coach to be seen, and they almost ran. They .were just in time. The clerk of -the Crown bad a country-house, and moaning to have a long holiday, he was at that moment stepping into his gig to go to hit villa. Astonished at this visit of the Under-secretary of State at such an hour, he was still more so at his business. , ' Heavens 1' cried he,' tho reprieve is locked up in my desk';' . lt, was brought, .Sir Evan seut to tho poat-oftne for the true»t and fleetest express.. The reprieve reached. York next .morning just at the moment the unhappy aieu.were ascending the cart. Wita Sir Eyan we fully agree in regarding this little narrative «s one of the most extraordinary that we have ever heard; , We go further than he acknowledged, and say that to us it appears striking evidence of What we should Conceive a superior inter- position; It it true: no ghost appears, nor ia any prompting voice audible; ye.t the result depending so long on a succession of seeming chances, and each of these chance's wat at once sp. improbable and so necessary, that weare ajmosi compelled td regard tho whole as a matter of influence not to be attributed to num. If the first link of thb. ehajn might pass for common occurrence?as undoubtedly fits of wakeful- ness -will happen without any discoverable ground .in the state of either body or mind?still what could be lets in the common course of things than1, thus waking, he should take it inty hi's hiead to. get up and take a Walk in the park at two in the morning? Yet if he bad, like others, contented himself with taking a walk ia his chamber, or enjoying tho coal air, at the window, not one of the succeeding events could have occurred, and tho men must have been.sacri- ficed.. Or if, when he took his walk, he had been contented with getting rid of the feverishness of the night, and returned to his bed, the chain would have been broken; for what was more out of the natural course of events than that, at two iu the morning, the idea should come into tho head of any man to.go to his office and sit down in the lonely rooms of his department, for no purpose of business or pleasure, but simply from not.knowing;wbat to do with him- self. '.. ...-.i- .. Or if, when lie had let himself into these solitary rooms, the book of entries had.not lain on the table (and this we presume- to have ? been among the chances, as we, can. scarcely suppose books of this bffioial importance to bo gonerally left to theirrfate among tho servants 'and messengers of the office;) or if tue entry, instead of being on tho first page that opened to his eyo, had been on any other,, even .the second, aa ho might never have taken thc trouble of turning tbe page; or if he and the chief clerk had been five minutes later at the clerk of thc crown's house, and instead of finding him at tho moment of getting into hiscarriage, had boen compelled to incur the delay of bringing him back from tho country, all the pi eceding events would have been useless.', The people would nave died at' York, for even as it was jthey were stopped on tho very verge of execution. The remarkable feature of tho whole is, that the .cHalii might have been snapped at every link, and that every link, was equally important. In calculation of the probability of, any one of thosoxiccnrrcnces, a mathematician would find tHo chalices, .very hard against the probability of the whole.. If it is askod whether a sufficient ground for this High interposition it to be discovered to save the lives of a few wretched culprits; who, ak frequently in such oases, probably returried tb their wicked faades as;soon as they escaped, and only plunged themselves, into deeper iniquity, tlie antifcr ls, that it is not for us in our ignorance to mete out the value of human Jife, how ever criminal in tho eyes of heaven.?Illustrations of Lift. ¦? ¦?; ;.'.: .'? . , : : (". 