ENGLISH INTELLIGENCE. CARDINAL WISEMAN AND THE TIMES. Times, Dec. 4.) The Antigone of Sophocles was acted a few years back in London. The original Greek was rendered respectably enough into English ; the costumes were copied from the most trust- worthy authorities ; the space usually devoted to the orchestra and a portion of the pit had been assigned for the evolutions of the chorus ; the acting was above mediocrity, and yet the representation was a signal failure. The reason was obvious enough. There was not a single fibre, a single nerve, in the bodies or minds of any one of the spectators which vibrated, not to say in unison, but in harmony with the emo- tions of an ancient Greek. Our old friend Cardinal Wiseman is at the present moment following in the footsteps of the enterprising manager. His repertoire does not, indeed, comprise Prometheus, or the Theban Chiefs, (Epidus, or Jocasta, Medea or Ion. He is a manager of the romantic, not of the classical school. His Jupiter Scapan thunders from the Vatican. He drapes himself with the terrors of an incident or a Julius, and calls upon us to bow down before pontifical shadows which have been long since dismissed from the category of English belief. We are not living in the reign of Henry VII of his son we speak not, for Cardinal Wiseman was then out of date but of Queen Victoria. As far as England is concerned, it would be as rational to get up an agitation for the Druids, and to propose the combustion of Dr. Cumming and Mr. Spooner in wicker images constructed for the purpose, as to denounce us for not bowing the knee to Rome. We spoke just now of Cardinal Wiseman as of a theatrical manager who had mistaken his line of representation ; he is still more like a masquerader caught on his return home by the tell-tale sun. The pastoral crook, the flowing robes, the false beard, the highly-rouged cheek, did all very well by gaslight, when the assistants had agreed to a compromise between the present and the past ; but at 5 o'clock in the morning, beneath the piazza of Covent-garden, when the ruddy market-gardeners of A.D. 1855 are tossing about happy realities in the shape of sound-hearted cabbages when the wallflowers smell sweet in the baskets of the flower girls-when the streets resound with the cries of the early venders of milk which is meant to be drunk, and of actual sweeps who purpose sweeping actual chimneys which are foul with bona-fide soot-the false Cardinal, the mummer, the masquerader, slinks along like a vulgar ghost. What have real men, in whose veins life is bubbling and dancing, to do with shadows such as these ? But what if this summer should call upon us to desist from our usual and wholesome occupations, while he convinced us that the world ought to go back four centuries, that the present was the past, and that our only course was to bow our necks to chains which our wiser ancestors rent asunder and cast behind them, in their own names and in the name of their posterity, for ever? Such was Cardinal Wiseman's position when, on the night of Sunday last, from the pulpit of the Roman Catholic Church of St. Mary's, Moorfields, he addressed his audience in favour of the Austrian Concord at, His vindication of this notable measure was, of course, but another word for abuse of England and things English, and, above all, of " that tide that torrent of anti-Catholic feeling which seemed to be spreading like a deluge over this land." The excitement! according to the Cardinal, arises simply from a misunderstanding as to the nature of the case. It has been made one of public interest whereas it is in reality a domestic affair of Catholics -a kind of little family arrangement, with which strangers have no concern. Had there been two consecutive sentences of reasoning or argument in Cardinal Wiseman's address, we could have met them by corresponding and, we venture to think, by superior arguments. Two-thirds of the address, however, consist of a pompous announcement " that he is going to begin, and when his Eminence has begun of course he will make mincemeat of his antagonists. We read on, not without great expectation . but the worthy Cardinal is like one of Homer's goods he possesses the art of disappearing from the ^ scene and" vanishing into empty air at the critical moment. After more than one per usual we pledge ourselves to the statement that the single argument contained in it is this The Concordat between Austria and Rome is a wise and politic measure, calculated to promote the interests of Christian Europe in general, and of the Austrian dominions in particular, and it was agreed upon after long consultation between the Emperor and the Pope. There has been great agitation against it in this country, which was necessarily without foundation, because we objected to it at once. " Though two years were spent in drawing it up and perfecting it," said the Cardinal, " it was not two hours in the hands of a newspaper editor before he to whom the subject was altogether new, with h dashing and a flowing pen, wrote an indignant article, blow- ing the whole thing to pieces." The concordat was, no doubt, a new thing is to unhappy Austria, new to France ! The ancient Monarchs of those countries had spent their best energies in struggling against the monstrous provisions which it contains. We and our forefathers in England have been acquainted with them from the times of Thomas a'Beckett to our own and some three centuries back they decided that no foreign priest should tithe or toll in England-that no English subject should withhold his allegiance from his native Prince to bestow it upon an Italian bishop. Although, God be thanked, we have little knowledge here of an Inquisition such as that which is established in the Austrian Concordat, we know very well that precisely three centuries ago, under precisely a similar jurisdiction, martyrs were burnt at a distance of ten minutes' walk from the spot on which these lines are written. If we would know what the censorship of books may accomplish in extinguishing the light of the human intellect, we need only turn to Spain, to Italy above all, to Rome. There is not, in point of fact, a single provision in the Concordat which has not actively engaged the attention of Europe for many centuries past. It needs no long cogitations to arrive at the conclusion that the young bigot to whose unworthy hands the temporary destiny of do many provinces has been intrusted has sold his people body and soul to a tyranny against which his predecessors, bigoted as many of them were, had resisted to the death. Not only in foreign countries, but in the Austrian provinces, far more than in foreign countries, the excitement against this juggle of Pope and Emperor is intense.' In Bohemia, so famous for its religious struggles when the rest of Europe lay prostrate before the Roman Pontiff, the voice of free discussion has never been silenced, the brilliant light of reason never quenched. In the hereditary Duchies all respect is lost for the tenants of those luxurious monasteries which are scattered along the course of the Danube. The country folk tell you strange stories of the doings of these holy men. In contact on all sides, save on the east, with civilization and thought, is that fair portion of Europe, which is known as the Austrian dominions, to be reduced to the condition in which Spain has for many centuries been held? What! Europe not know the consequences of the provisions contained in this Concordat ! In the Spanish Peninsula we see the result before our eyes. The reader will not regret to see the words in which the eloquent historian Prescott, in his recent Life of Philip II., describes the event of such policy : " Spain might now boast that the stain of heresy no longer defiled the hem of her gar- ment. But at what a price was this purchased I Not merely by the sacrifice of the lives and fortunes of a few thousands of the existing generation, but by the disastrous consequences entailed for ever on the country. Folded under the dark wing of the Inquisition, Spain was shut out from the light which in the 16th century broke over the rest of Europe, stimulating the nations to greater enterprise in every department of knowledge. The genius of the people was rebuked and their spirit quenched under the malignant influence of an eye that never slumbered, of an unseen arm ever raised to strike. How could there be freedom of thought where there was no freedom of utterance, or freedom of utterance where it was as dangerous to say too little as too much ? Freedom cannot go along with fear. Every way the mind of the Spaniard was in fetters!" For Spain read Austria, and apply this passage to the future, not to the past, and it may be read as a warning by an Austrian subject of the present day. The shifty Cardinal may be very sure that knowledge is not wanting when we pronounce upon his Con- cord at. Wherever there are three men, two of them laymen and the third a Roman priest, the nature of such a document is perfectly understood. profligacy and Patiptritm.-A cam was brought before the Sunderland Board of Guardians, where it was shown that an able-bodied pauper, whom they ordered to be turned out of the workhouse, had married a wife two years ago, when she was worth £1,000 ; but that, through the grossest extravagance in eating, drinking and pleasuring, he and the whole whole of his family had, in that short interval, been reduced to absolute poverty. . They had driven about the country in cabs and carriages, living in tip-top style while the cash held out; and the spendthrift actually confessed to the board that £287 6s. of it went to pay a publican and eating-house keeper's bill in the town of Newcastle ! The fellow was particularly impertinent to the board, and asked if they thought 6s. enough to support him and his family for a week Sunderland Herald. 'nZoiwursin Turley. - Constantinople is always ... hunter a host of bad characters, from the petty a league to the ruffian who rejoices in adding 12 plunder, and even there is now some but hove-to the fanatic, whom religious pre As haTred arm with the dagger. Add to Äepre-"ntdearness of the necessaries of life the threatened scarcity of provisions, and it will find that our prospects for the winter are not O I am assured by persons whose know ? j of Turkey and opportunities of observation Se me with confidence in their opinions, that we be fortunate if we get through the bad season Shout something very like a famine. Throughout 1 simple country prices have greatly risen, the ^.".nthemarteU by the Alfred armies being as one not inconsiderable cause of this. If the Sr anticipation prove true, and scarcity make golf felt we shall assuredly have a great increase î,f prime and possibly serious disturbances. More- ar the fanatical part of the population grows daily more rnP'tient * Christian encroachments. They S we are taking possession of the country, tramp far from their usages and prejudices, and tending to S final subjugation, if not to their ejection or at notice. These ideas, there can be no doubt, are Silv present to the minds of the more bigoted and XantTurks; and it is to be feared that the best means are not always taken to conciliate them, and render them tolerant of our intrusion. I have not infrequent complaints of rough and insolent usage of Turks by French soldiers. Allowing for exaggeration there yet is reason to believe that these com- plaints are not unfounded, and that our gallant Allies are a little too apt to treat the Turks a L'Africaine and Turkey en pays conquis. Several instances have been reported of insults offered to Turks in cafes and other public places by French soldiers. These affronts rankle in the Mahomedan breast. The origin of the late serious affray between Tunisian and French soldiers is variously related, but many affirm that it was commenced by a drunken Frenchman, who went up to a Tunisian officer, snatched off his fez, and replaced it by his own kept. Be this true or not, that affray (in which it is now said that the French loss was heavier than has been admitted has been the signal for an outbreak of bad feeling towards foreigners, but especially towards Frenchmen, which has already led to several deplorable catastrophes. At about the time that my last letter (in which I mentioned some of the assassinations, attempted or effected, that had taken place left this an English naval officer was attacked by two men on or near the image of Galala. One of them snatched the officers sword from the scabbard, and wounded him desperately, if not mortally. An English trader in Galata was murdered in his own store, and the crime (but not the criminal was discovered two days afterwards, by the stench of the decaying corpse. Numerous other cases are cited, and although some of them may be exaggerated, it is certain that many others occur of which nothing is ever said or known. Here there is no inspector's book, with its chronicle of offences detected by vigilant constables ; no police office of a morning, with its investigations and com- mittals; no reports in newspapers recording the crimes of the past twenty-four hours. Many a dark deed remains wholly undetected and unknown; rumour fruits about the few that come to light, but rarely is the culprit traced and justice done. Fan tKBtic tales have been current these last few days as to the perpetrators of the recent assassinations. Some toll of a band of fanatics who have sworn the death of a certain number of Christians, in revenge for the Tunisians who suffered in the late conflict ; others believe in robbers ; but most of the crimes we have heard of have been unattended with an attempt at robbery. A story has been very current that the assassins go about disguised as sailors, and feigning drunkenness, stagger up against the unsuspicious victims. These may be fanciful tales, the offspring of imagination ; but the dead bodies that have been found are facts, and not fancy, and if this state of things continues, foreigners will be imprudent to go about at night without a bull's-eye lantern in one hand and a revolver in the other. A gentleman, whose long residence in the East and perfect familiarity with the language causes him to be looked upon as a Turk by those of the lower orders with whom he converses, had some talk a day or two ago with his numerous acquaintances among the boatmen who ply for hire at the dilapidated wooded jetty of Topbaneh. The late outrages were the subject of their discourse, and the Turks expressed themselves with extreme bitterness against the French, and declared that more blood-letting would come of it. It is satisfactory to know that the Allied Generals and Admirals now here held a meeting two or three days ago, at which they resolved to inform the Government that, if prompt and efficient measures were not taken by the Turkish authorities, they themselves would take the police of the town into their hands. Constantinople correspondence of the Times. 