3Local gwtetltgettce, OMISSIONS^ - The pressure of advertise ments renders it totally impossible for us to insert our remarks on the new Candidate for North Grant. These remarks would have been an answer to the very pertinent questions of " An Elector" on Mr. Loader's antecedent and j general Claims to the suffrages of the electors of North Grant. "An Elector," "Aletheia," and "Green Hills," must stand over Oil Saturday. j ACCIDENTS AT SEBASTOPOL -- On Monday afternoon a miner named William Silman, working in amalgamated 71 to 75 Frenchman's Lead, met with a serious accident while proceed- ing to the bush to split slabs. One of his mates, it appears, was carrying a gun loaded with heavy shot, which accidentally went off and hit Silman, who was a few paces off, in the neck and face. Dr. Kenworthy was sent for, when it was found that three of the pellets had entered the socket of the right eye, besides several in the face, neck and shoulders. Fears were also entertained that some had entered the brain. William Simpson, who was so seriously injured in No. 6 claim, White Horse Lead, is now doing well, and there is every probability of his complete recovery. HALT-SHARE MEST.-Persons engaging half-share men will di well to remark that the Local Court are determined to enforce their ruling that full-share men will always be compelled to pay their half- share men regularly every week, or compensate them for inattention or neglect in this matter. This is but reasonable ; as in most cas<-8 the men who go in on half-share are but badly off, and the regular payment of the weekly wage is to them of very material impirtance. FoiiTT POUNDS BEWARD.-The government has offered £40 reward for the apprehension of the two accomplices of Timothy Hayes in the murder of the man Smith at the Elephant and Castle Hotel in January, 1855. ARICTJLTURAL ASSOCIATION.-We beg to remind our readers that this association will hold a meeting to-morrow, at Bath's Hotel, for thc purpose of establishing a District Road Board, and transacting other important business MINISO SURVEYOR.-On Wednesday the Local Court entertained applications for the office of Mining Surveyor to thc Golden Point, Gravel Pits, and MalakhoiT Leads. About fourteen gentlemen were applicants, and the Court de cided on recommending ¿ir Smith to the office. ME. AND MRS. STAUK.. - By an an nouncement in our advertising columns it will be seen that these eminent American Artists are about to appear at the Monte zuma on Monday evening next, tin a former visit to Victoria this lady and gen tleman were great favorites with the play going part of the community. As a differ ence of opinion exists as to the claim to superiority on the part of Mr Brooke and Mr Stark in many of their leading charac ters, the public will have an opportunity on the above evening of contrasting the Riche lieu of the latter gentleman with that of the former, which, it will be remembered, was produced on Ballarat some eight or niue months since. POISONING.- A woman named Braid, living on the White Flat, poisoned herself on Wed- nesday, by taking a dose of arsenic. Dr Bunce attended her, and by the use of the stomach pump succeeded in removing the more danger- ous symptoms ; leaving his patient in a favor- able way. The cause of the mad attempt was a conjugal squabble. We have been informed that two or there medical men were summoned by the husband, who informed them that it was a case of poisoning, but one was " in bed," another " engaged," and the Other " nowhere," so that for anything these gentlemen seemed to care, the poor woman may have given up the ghost without the least attempt being made to save her life. We have a guess as to the cause of this shameful disregard of life and profes- sional duty, and hope we shall be spared the pain of having again to remark upon similar cold-blooded inattention to the claims even of common humanity. THICKS WITH OOH BRANDY.-The London Times says, " A disgraceful imposition in con nection with shipments of brandy to the colo nies and elsewhere is stated to be largely practised. The system is to buy up empty brandy casks bearing the brands of the most noted Cognac houses, and send them to Ham burg, Antwerp, and other places, to be filled with inferior spirit, aud reshipped to this country in transit, whence they are transhipped on board vessels bound to Australia^ the Cape of Good Hope, &c;" where the brands of these Cognac houses are in good estimation. It. therefore be hoves merchants trading with the various colonies to be careful to get their supplies from, respectable sources, and to caution their correspondents against the receipt of any consignments on which they may be mable to place absolute reliance. INQUESTS.-On the 12th inst., Dr Glendin- ning held an inquest, at Sebastopol Hill, on the body of William Cullen, a miner aged 35. On the 18th of July, he was working in a shaft on a stage, which gave way and precipitated him to the bottom. He was severely wounded about the body, and the wounds suppurating, fever set in, of which he died on the 11th inst. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that he died from natural causes, those causes being the result of the accident. On the 15th, the Coroner held an inquest on a Chinaman, named Agu, at the Canadian Hotel. On the 7th of July he went to purchase a whip hole, and in- tending to go down it, entered the bucket be- fore the rope was made fast to the horse, and was thus thrown down the shaft. From the in- juries he received fever ensued, of which he died on the 17th. The verdict was that the de- ceased died from natural causes, those causes being the result of an accident. 