II ^irkrap frnm THE -NIGHTINGALE'S EETUEN. I Host blessed tilings come silently, and silently depart; ] Noiseless steals spring-time on the year; and comfort on | the heart; • And still, and light, and gentle, like ft dew, the run moat be, , To quicken seed in furrow and blossom upon tree. Kile has his foaming rapids, freshes from mountain i snows; | Bqt where his stream breeds fruitfulness, serene and ■j calm it flows; :;And when he over-brims, to cheer his banks on cltber I aide, 5 You scarce can mark, so gradual, the swelling or his tide. £ wings of angels make no stir, as they ply their works of love; by the balm they shed around, we know them that they move. | God spake no*, in the thunder, nor the mighty rushing I blast; } His utterance was in the still small voice, that came at last. j^So she. our sweet Sunt Florence, modest, and still, and i calm, ' With no parade of martyr's cross, no pomp of martyr's prim, To. toe place of plague and famine, foulness, and wounds . and pain, Want out upon her gracious toil, and so returns again. Ho shoutiDg crowds about her path, no multitudes' hot breath. To frjCd with wind of vanity the doubtful fires of faith • Ho paths by hands official all unsmoothed, her aims uf ' decried ^■jBy the Lerites, who, when need was, passed on the other side. ^^Hien titles, pensions, orders, with random hand are showered, ^^^Rs w*>11 tiiat, save with blessing, she still should walk undowered. title like her own sweet name, with the music all y its own? What order like the halo by her good deeds round her thrown ? Like her own bird—all voiceless while the daylight songsters trill, [Sweet singer in the darkness when all songs else are L 8tm™ she on that night of sufPring that chilled other hearts to r atone, jCame with soft step and gentle speech, jet wise and firm | of tone. fEhink of the prayers for her, that to the praying heart / came back, an nun of blessings, seeming still to spring upon her I track; [The comfort of her graciousness to thoswhose road to 1 death [Was dark and doubtful, till she showed the light of love | and faith. (Then leave her to the quiet she has chosen; she de mands Ho greeting from our brazen throats and vulgar clapping hauds. Leave her to the still comfort the saints know that have striven. What ore our earthly honours? Her honours are in heaven. THE EUPHRATES LINE. Ob where will the ceutuiy pause in its daring ? What region's past reach of the screw and ihe sail ? What sea is too wide for our wires overbearing? What mountains too high for our levelling rail? From the banks of Newfoundland we pay out the cable Thafs to bind North America fast to our shore, And, thanks to O'SUaughneesy, India is able To change thoughts in an hour from Madras to Lahore. And now the steam-giant, our New World forsaking, 4, Having bound Europe's ends, north and south, east / ft id west— His. terrible traek through the Old World is making, Where the grey pastes dead ashes she holds in her breast. By Nimroud's huge mound soon the ring of stcam whlBtles Will startle the stork on his desolate stand, And the throb of the engine will shake the dry thistles That wave their grey neardsj on Kouyunjik's parcli'd strand. By the arrow-head rows of the records of Babel, The arrow-head flight of expresses will fly, And Rawlinson, Bayard, and Loftus be s.ble To drop in to decipher or dig, by-the-bye; Instead of the tracks with their freight of horn'd cattle | To Smithfield conrign'd along each British rail, fWeekly cargoes of huge winged bulls down will rattle f For the British Museum, from Bos'rah to sail. Ho secrets the hoar East shall keep in her bosom; I Her riddles we'll soon have got out of the Sphinx. What chance will she have, poor oM soul, bat to lose 'em, When confronted by Birch, Botta, Norris, or Hincks ? Old Cheops will store from the top of his pyramis. To see navvies cutting his mummy-pits through, While from Nineveh's ruins the ghost of Semiramls On a flew red-brick station looks awfully blue! Bat vain all our speeding ou main or through mountain, Our bridging the ocean, our binding the land. Our drinking the gold's Inexhaustible fountain, -That springs to Australia to each delving hand. Vain, vain, all our moiling and driving and toiling. Our working and winning, goldnuggets, gold sands, Unless reverence and love join to wipe off the soiling Of toll from our hearts, and of grin from our hands. PEENCB NAPOLEON ON HIS TRAVELS. His Boj al Highness has been to Iceland, and whilst there visited the Geyser boiling springs. The fact is the shore remarkable, as it was'generally understood that the gentleman left France solely to avoid the hotjratcr of the Taileries. ' "A DREAM AX SEA | As we lay not long ago tossing, or being tossed, on a ; bed of sickness in a Boulogne boat, we went off into a state of semi-somnolency, in the course of winch we began L thinking of all sorts of things, amongwhich Bistort and the Italian and French drama came uppermost, and a Toice appeared to ring in onr ears, exclaiming "Maria Stewards!" and " Bon Seiser de Basil. 1" when suddenly the tones of Mario seemed to murmur out plaintively, 'Bella Seecame!" ADVICE GRATIS. (SECOND BATCH.) Don't blunt your razor to open another man's oysters. Keep your wit aBa buckler to defend yourself and not as a sword to wound others. Persons who wash at home should take care to keep the kitchen-door shut. ONE CONSOLATION. It is so far fortunate that the gentlemen's fashions do not keep pace with the ladies.' Or else, by this time, their hats would have dwindled down to the size of a •charity boy's muffin-cap, and their trousers would have swollen out to about double the size of those of a Turk's and Dutchman's stitched together! THOUGHTS THAT ABE BATHER COOL. JgnccesB is the great absolution of snobs. Abides are the Brokers of the Literary Exchange. It is sweet sometimes to abuse one's relations—but bitter to hear them abased by others. There are bores in the best families—the oldest houses have their leaden spouts. The man who is wedded to money has a shrew for a wife. Wit does not shine with grossnesB. Like an ill-made candle, the light is soon extinguished in its own grease. Fate most trouble itself about a number of foolish people, for no sooner does a fool get into troubles of his own making then he put* it all down to fate. A " SLOW COACH" OF LEGISLATION. After a lecture at Stroud, or somewhere, by Lord 1\. JohnBussell, on "A few of the obstacle which retard the progress" of something or other, there was a great confusion and stoppage at the doors on account of the number of vehicles. A mad wag availed himself of a slight pause in the prevailing noise, and shrieked out lustily, to tho great amusement of the struggling THE FASHION. We have it on the infellible authority of Jenkins that it is no longer correct to say, "the height of the fashion." When ladies wish to convey the idea that any one of their acquaintance is at all Men mite, (hey affirm that was dressed in the full breadih of the fashion," AWilyjwrhapa it would be more exact^to put it jn the _ as a lady's dress certainly takes now-a-days a greatdealmore than one "breadth." However, the altera tion in the term is a decided improvement that, like the dress itself. Is now quite "as broad as it is long." BOMBA AND HIS PAPA. A Peettt Little Stoht foe Pbkttt Little Statks mnt—Silly little Bomba lived at Naples, but his Papa lived at Borne. Bomba went to see his Papa, and his Papa came to meet Bombs. When Bomba saw his Papa, he knelt down to him as if he had been going to say his prayers, and gave him a kiss. Bat he did not kiss his ' Papa upon his cheeks; he kissed his Papa upon the toe. Then Bomba's Papa told Bomba to get up, and made Bomba sit down upon a stool, and said, well my son, Bombs, how do you do, and how are you getting on ? Bomba said, I am pretty well, I thank you, Papa, but I am not getting on quite so nicely as 1 could wish. What is the matter, Bombs, my son ? his Papa said. Ob,! Papa, said Bomba, I am afraid there are some naughty boys who want to take my little crown away, and are trying to shake my little throne. That is very naughty of them, said his Papa; but who are they ? Oh! said Bomba, I do not know who they are, quite, but Ii I think I have caught some. What have you done with ' them? said bis Papa. Shut them up in the cellar, said • Bomba (this was only Bomba's fun), in the damp and : Cold and dirt, along with the toads and frogs, and efts, \- and spiders, and earwigs, and black beetles. Here is a ' little whip that I have them beaten with; here is a : little chain that 1 cause them to be chained together with all day and all night. Ton must mind that little Bomba was only jo'.ing when he told his Papa all these dreadful things. It is very right, said Bomba's Papa, to pnnish boys , who are naughty. Yes, Papa, said Bomba, but what do yon think ? That France and that England are so unkind, they tell ms I most not punish my naughty boys. Do not mind them, my dear, said Bomba's Papa, I will ■peak to France and tell him to leave you alone, or else Iwill give him no more hardbake. England is a very , bad boy, and does not mind what I say; but he will mind what France says. Now look here, Bomba. See what pretty playthings I have brought you. And Bomba's Papa gave Bomba ever so many little men and Women, made out of wood, and ivory, and wax, all gilt and painted, so very pretty, and such a lot of funny little bones! Oh! dear Papa, said Bomba, to give me Ii auch a lot of sweet little toys to play with. Oh! what ; ^olly bones, oh 1 what plummy little men and women. II will stick them all around my hat like King Louis, the French King, that Mr.Kean playB in London.Oh I ■Papa, 1 must kiss you for them. Then Bombs gave his Fapa one more nice kiss npon his toe; and his Papa put Cut his thumb and two fingers, and poked Bomba in the aide, and patted-him npon the head, and then Bomba t arid good-bye to his Papa,* and his Papa went back to a; Borne, and Bomba went back again to Naples with his whip, and his chain, and his bones, and his little men and : women. THE POSITION OF ITALY. Italy must soon rise—and for rising the boot is only waiting for the spur of opportunity. SIR CHARLES NAPLES IN BUSSIA. Sir Charles has gone to take—lodgings in St. Peters ■ {burg. We do not know whether ne will do this by I boarding. BRIEFLESS THEORY. Tie practice makes the barrister perfect. COST OF THE AFFECTIONS. Never, perhaps, are children dearer to their parents II than when, as at present, the price of bread and meat Is A lodger's AFFECTION. A witness on a trial last week before Lord Campbell said of a gentlewoman, " I never expressed any affec tion for her in particular, except as a landlady." Will ' any lodger, first-floor or back-parlour, define the sort of affection due, and how and mien to be liquidated ? we've SCOTCHED THE SNAKE, NOT KILLED. The Russians have occupied the Isle of Serpents. It is ' to be feared that this proceeding of theirs evince an un- " 1 subdued Inclination to sting. THE BENEFIT OF TRAVEL. The young King of Portugal has just given testimony fjhe exceeding benefit done to him by bis visit to Eng aud. He haB determined that Portugal shall forthwith begin to pay her debts. SWORDS TURNED TO REAPING-HOOKS. Sir Morton Veto wisely suggests that in the present lack of harvest hands thesoldiers stationed in rural districts be permitted "to earn wages by helping to get in the com." I Soldiers in the social state hare been ill- humouredly (compared to poppies among the wheat. In the present twnaigancy the poppies would do oxoeltant sor vice. 