THE. OBJECTIONS OF THU ABOLITIONISTS TO FREMONT, (Front the Anti-Slavery Standard, August 0.) The election times aro the times that try men's souls in this country, and the souls of abolitionists as well as those of all others. It seems always as if the time had come at last when a great good might be done' by doing a little wrong, and the pressure of temptation waxes stronger and stronger as tho issues become more and more distinctly anti-slavery. If even in 1810 abolitionists could hardly be held from goiug frantic, with tho rest of the country, after log cabins and hard cider, and in 1848 their feet were scarcely stayed from being entangled with the miry Clay, and ia 1843 the inducements to follow after the Van Bürens in the chase they headed for the purpose of running down Lewis Cass-if at theso times it seemed as if tho accepted time was then and then only, and the day of salvation near und only waiting to bo saluted, how much greater is tho trial of their faith during the present campaign 1 They see that the question at issue is really ono that turns on «lavery alone. They see tho glorious and inspiring sight of the North fairly and squarely confronting the South on an issue directiy growing out of slavery. The candidate in tho field has none of the slime of Van Buren or the death-liko strains of Clay to excite their disgust. There are no persistent ghosts of pro-slavery actions which will rise up whenever his name is mentioned. He is, beyond all peradventure, the worthiest candidate ottered to the people since John Quincy Adams contested the clmir with Jackson. Why not voto far him, just this once ? And why should they vote for him ? What is the ob ji'ction of on abolitionist, who stands on the ground of the American Anti-Slavery Society, to voting for national and State officer*? Is it because they prefer being dis franchis d, and that they had rather not exercise that power which is the dearest passion of an American heart? Is it because they havo any prejudice against voting in the abstract? Net at all. It is only ugainst voting in the way in which it is made requisito by the Constitution of the United States that they protest. They cannot voto for Fremont for the same reason that they cannot vote for Buchanan, because they cannot employ him to do the work he must do if he bo elected. It is not the man, Fremont, that we demur to. It is tho institutions which he incarnates, and the duties he ossumes to perform, that wo cannot away with. Wo do not mean to lump the two men together, when wo say that our objection to the one is the same to tho other. We would not brand u man who his as yet done no notorious service to slavery, by ranking him with one whose life for near forty years has been a constant and acceptable service. AVe believe that the direct influ- ence of the ono, if elected, would be exercised, as fur as it could be consistently with the oath upon his soul, in behalf of what little liberty the Union has left us; while we are confident that the other would bo hold by no ties of humanity or of law from rooking haste to do the vilest work slavery could demand at his hands. With Fremont in the White House, Kansas would be a froe state, if she be not doomed to slavery by the cunning of tho slaveholders and the simplicity and treason of the free stato mon, before the election comes oil'; with Buchanan, oil the crimos devised by Pierce and his familiars will be carried on to whatever triumph they may lack. With Fremont for president, tho felo- nious desires of slavery on Cuba and Central America will be held in check ; with Buchunan, they will bo let slip, with all the dogs of war to buck them. But, under Fremont, under tho most favourable cir- cumstances, the constitution of the United States, that source whence have welled tho waters of bitterness which have overflowed Texas and Mexico and Kansas, nnd which threaten to engulf us all, the constitution of the United States, with slavery organised into it, and protucted and comforted by it, will remain in as full force as under Buchanan, and he is pledged to sustaiu it; to bring book the government to the condition in which it was when Washington sont to Portsmouth, N.H., after his fugitive slave, and when he set his hand to it, with all the compromises, about which there was no doubt then, whatever ingenious ones curious gentle- men may have since evoked ; to restore those halcyon days when slavery was guaranteed against insurrection, and ncRtnst invasion, and against the natural erowth of tho freo States by the slave representation and by the constitution of tho Senate, is all that the best men of the republican pnrty propose to themselves. Of courso Colonel Fremont can propose nothing more than this to himself. Ho ought not to propose more than this, if he take the Pre- sidency under an oath to support the Constitution of the United States. He must be tho constitutional President of the South as well as of the North. If he kcops th» black flood of slavery from breaking over tho dykes fur- nished by that fundamental law and by tho laws mude under it, it is all that was demanded of him. On the other band, he must protect the rights of the slave- holders where the Constitution has recognised and secured them. This must be so. But is this a service with which an abolitionist of the American Anti-Slavery Society con be content, who refuses to have any part or lot in this accursed thing? Can bo consent to appoint a man, by his vote, to do the services the constitution provides for slavery, because ho will refuse to do certain other things which violate or transcend it ? Supposo Colonel Fremont to bo elected, how long will it he after his inauguration before his fidelity on these points will be tested ? AB soon as the necessary arrange- ments can be made, fugitive slaves will he seized in Philadelphia, in New York, in Boston, in the principal western cities. His aid and countenance will bo demanded in case any of tho resistance we hope such attempts would excite should ensuo. Would he not afford them both ? How could ho refuse it t We do. not imagine he would show the infamous alacrity of Pierce, and make a parade of his allegiance to slavery in the face of all tho world. Wo believe he would hate the job, and would do whatever he honestly could to Khun it. But when escapo was clearly impossible and ho would be obliged to order the military arm of the nation to take its part in the kidnapping, would he bo found wanting. Of course he would not. Wo sup- pose that tho case presented is one which ho recognises as one calling for tito constitutional interposition of the executive. If the servile war should be raging in Vir- ginia or Carolina, would he not put forth whatever strength the Union has, even to the uttermost, to sup- press it? Of course he would. There is no woy of escape for him, taking office under an oath tn sustain tho constitution, which cannot bo sustained without the execution of all its parts. Now, would it he any natis faction to any Abolitionist, witnessing these things, and seeing the whole force of tho Union put forth, os now, to commit these crimes against God und man, which wo have organised into our nation's life, that tim man that perpetrated them would refuse to commit certain other crimes which bad not been so ircorporatcd with our national being? It is tho thing done, and not. the motin of doing it, against which tho abolitionism is an incarnated and eternal protest. It is making a man a chnttel again who has made himself a man out of a chattel that we brand as n crime of the deepest dye, and not that it is done in a way that Washington and Hamil- ton would have sanctioned. It is the keeping four mil- lions of human beings in brutish slavery by the crushing weight of the whole nation, bound together by tho con- stitution, by its weight political, physical, moral and religious, that we denounce as the blackest and meanest of atrocities, and not that it may be dono in a way of which the makers of the constitution might have disap- proved. There is no reason why an abolitionist, who refuses to give slavery any political support, should malic nn exception in favour of this candidate. Perhaps Iiis very virtues may make bira a more dangerous man than his less scrupulous competitor. If tho election nf Colonel Fremont should have the effect of quieting agitation and making tho North sit down quietly under th» constitu- tional guarantees of slavery, surely it wore helter that Buchanan or Pierce reigned over us. Let not order reign in our Warsaw, whatever else bei ide. But we do not apprehend this. The real value of the present political campaign is. Hint it presents slavery continually to the general mind nf the country. Tile fire which is thus kindled wo do not believe can bo quenched or controlled by party lend- rs should they wish to do so. The barrel of gunpowder will not . consent to stay blown no half way down. Tho whole- some explosion must como sooner rr la'er, and it is not in the power of man or of men to hinder it. When that time comes there may he an occasion for all nf it« to oct politically. When the question really nt issue is, whether the North shall remain longer in its present state of collision with tho South, whb-h is misnamed n union, then the hour will have arrived that will call for the help of nil men. To destroy the present anomalous and fatal polity and to erect o now ono uiicnrsed by any . support to tyranny, to edify a new temple nf liberty from which the devil of Slavery shall hnvn been utterly and for ever exorcised, that is a knot worthy the interposition of God, and of men who should be co- workers with him. Let all who have accepted the Anti-Slavery mission, without any counselling of flesh end blood, without any listenings to selfishness or ambition, reserve themselves for that day, which mnst come nt last, nnd mny come soon, which will deliver them from the political mastery of the slave-masters, nnd that j very deliverance give speedy freedom to every slave I under their lash. 