MISCELLANEOUS. Tlie treaty of amity and commerce between this country and the Swiss Confederation, which was signed at Berne on the 6th September last, and ratified on the 6th of the present month, ha* been issued. The articles which bear on •ur trade with Switzerland are the Sth, 9th, and lOLh, wliich provide that the subjects of both countries shall be placed on the same footing as regards the importation, warehous ing, transit, or exportation of any article of lawful commerce; that neither of the contract ing parties shall impose upon any article, the produce or manufacture of the territories of the other, any other or higher duly than is or may be imposed upon the like article, the pro duce or manufacture of any other country; and that any favour in matters of commerce which, either of the contracting parties may hereafter grant to any foreign power shall he also, and at the same time, extended to the other. The treaty is to remain in force for 10 years from the dat« of ratification, and further until the expiration of 12 months from the date of notice to terminate it being given by cither of the contracting parties to the other. The treaty between the United States and Denmark which regulates the amount of Sound dues to be paid by American vessels will expire on the 14th of April next; but as the United States Government has determined to prolong the obligations of the treaty until the 14-th of June next, the risk of a collision which might again involve Europe in the calamities of war is thus postponed; " for it was well-known," remarks the Times, " that the Danish Govern ment were resolved to maintain by force rights which have existed for so many centuries, which have .been ratified by so many treaties, and on which loans contracted by Denmark in foreign countries have been solemnly gua ranteed." The opportunity for a compromise is'thus afforded. The last offer of Denmark was to capitalize the Sound dues (in other words to abolish them) for tho sum of 35,000,000 rix-dollars, and, as they at present produce 2,300,000 rix- dollars a year, she thus consented to a sacrifice of 1,000,000 rix-dollars annually. The whole amount now paid by American vessels is about £4i,000 a year. British shipping pays £70,000; and the in terest of the sum which it is proposed that Englahd should pay in the way of capitali zation would be £45,000 a year. The Times recommends this scheme for adoption, as it will secure the political freedom of Denmark, and throw open the Sound to the shipping of all nations. " Surely," says our contemporary, " this. is a burden on British shipping well worthy the attention of the Board of Trade; though its recent efforts to abolish those | dues levied in our own ports d* not promise ! much success." Query—Why does the Times recommend our Government to purchase the dues levied by Denmark, and to confiscate | those levied by Liverpool ? _ | JL JM.TBTEET EXPLAINED.—Eeoplo wondered at the promotions of Lords Lucan and Car digan, but perhaps the following piece of intel ligence from the Morning Post may help to explain the matter:—" Approaching Marriage in High Life.—We are enabled to announce that a marriage alliance is arranged, and will shortly take place, between the Lady Lavinia Bingham, daughter of General the Earl of Lucan, and niece of Lord Cardigan, and the Honourable Charles Hardinge, M.P., eldest ' son of Eield-Marshal Viscount Hardinge." ' The Chubch in the Comities.—The friends of civil and religious liberty, if they be consistent with themselves, will ljg glad, to learn from Mr. Labouchere's statemggt in the House of Conmons on Thursday nig&fc;, that at length the Colonial Church is to be put upon a level, in respect of its interior affairs, with the various dissenting communities existing in our colonies. It has now been decided that mem bers of the Church of England shall not be ■the only religious people who have no religious liberty. What is due to eveiy one of the Queen's subjects is now accorded to them, and they are now as free to meet and settle where they shall build a church, and how they will support their minister, and at what hours they shall have service, and how much they shall pay for sittings, and what shall terminate their minister's engagement, and what rules shall be made against scandal, and for the promotion of discipline, and the removal of an immoral and unruly member, as if they were Bomanists, Baptists, Wcsleyans, or Independents. The great wall of partition that bound down the Churchman, and let the Dissenter go free, is summarily abolished, and the diocese of Mel bourne has received the highest authority known to the constitution to manage its own affairs.- Henceforth the Bishop can convoke ■his synod and proceed to business. The Church .has a voice—a means of action—an organiza tion—by wbich to carry on its usefulness. We chronicle this as a great fret.—Morning Post. The Dissentebs' Mahriage Bhl.—The new Bill brought in by Mr. Pellatt, Mr. Cheet .ham, and Mr. TTadfield enacts that no notice of marriage under the provisions of the existing Acts shall be read or published before the Poor Law Guardians, or be transmitted to their ; clerks by the Begistrar. Every notice of mar riage must be accompanied by a solemn deola , -ration by one of the parties that there is no •lawful hindrance thereto. Notices of marriage without licence must be affixed in the office of the Superinlendent-Begistrar 21 days before 'themarriage; bat where there is a licence no notice will be required, and in this latter case " notice to the Snperintendent-Begistrar of one district will be sufficient. Notice of marriage : without licence may he given in Ireland if one \- of the parties reside there. Licences to marry may be issued by the Begistrar one day after " the notice of the entry of the marriage, with a _ certificate of the notice. Marriages may bo . solemnized in registered bmldings either by a minister or without one; in the latter case the party will declare, in presence of some Begistrar ■ of marriages, that "ho (or she) calls on all persons present to witness that he takes A.B. . (or C.D.) to be his lawfully wedded wife (or husband, as the case may be)." The giving of ] A noticS to the Superintendent-Begistrar, if the . marriage is to be solemnized according to the rites£of the Church of England, will supersede ■ the necessity of publishing " banna" to all : intents and purposes. The presence -of a ' Snplnntendent-Begistrar at a marriage in the ^Register Office is to he optional, provided some . t District Begistrar be present. If the former \- .officer be present, he will receive a fee of 10s. if s<-there be a licence, and 5s. if there be none. i'Tho marriages of Jews and Quakers may be ' i; »olemnized by licence, according to the usages ft of the eect or persuasion. Marriages under this Act are to be " good and cognizable." The vAct will effect from the 1st January, 1857, " ~". will not extend to either of the two sister )ms. Fhb Duke opCambbid&e; and Mb. Giad t-8TONEON the Pea.ce.—At the Mansion Honse .dinner, on IS aster Monday, the Duke of Cam bridge,-in responding to the toast of "The . Army and Navy," hoped and trusted, though he spoke without authority in the matter, that '• tve were now on the eve of an honourable 7 peace; but he .said, that, if peace were estab £.-Jiahetlj the country ought not to revert to those limited establishments which existed previous to the outbreak of the recent war. He feusted that the lesson in this respect VOtllol not fye thrown away, and that they would henceforth look on the maintenance of the army and navy a3 one of those necessary evils without which a great empire could not possibly maintain its position in Europe. Sir J. Pakington proposed "The health of the Lord Mayor," remarking that the important duties of the ancient office were never fulfilled in a more honourable and dignified manner than by the gentleman who then occupied the chair. Mr. Gladstone spoke on behalf of the House of Commons. He trusted and believed the whole country was of opinion that the House of Commons had been justified in voting freely and liberally those large sums of money which had been required for war un dertaken with no purpose of aggrandisement, hut to serve the ends of a policy of humanity and justice. He did not think ho went beyond what the trnth of the case would justify when he stated that this war, which theynow trusted was happily concluded, would stand in no small degree conspicuous in history for the purity of the motives from which it originated, for the fidelity and honour of the great alliances by which it had been carried on, and he ventured to add, also, for the rapidity with which the : political and moral objects in view had been achieved. But returning peace would bring for the taxing power difficulties scarcely se - condary to those of war. It would be the duty of the House of Commons (ssid Mr. Gladstone) to consider how the heavy burdens imposed upon the people could bo wisely alleviated, to insti tute a thorough, systematic, and searching investigation into the state of the public estab lishments, and to make wise, circumspect, cautious, but at the same time bold and vigor ous efforts to bring them back into the state in which they ought to be, so that during peace, wh-le making adequate provision for the security of the country, Parliament might be able to grant to the labouring population that relief which they had a right to expect, and at the same time, if unhappily we should live to see the day when it would again be necessary for England to buckle on her armour and to draw the sword, her establishments might bo found in a condition thoroughly fitted for the work they were expected to per form, and the heart of the country might not again be wounded and torn by calami tics which could not be relieved, but which it was felt might iu great part have been avoided. Mb. Eudeb's ItErEY to the Cehte-as" Com xiissioneks.—Mr. Commissary-General Fil der's remarks on the portions of the report of Sir John M'Ifcil and Colonel Tulloeh which relate to the duties of the Commissariat have been laid before the House of Commons. They extend to great length, and embrace a great variety of topics and details. The fol lowing are the positions which, at the conclu sion of his reply, Mr. Eilder claims to have es tablished :—" That although some partial defi ciencies in the established allowance of food I did unfortunately take place, they were caused [ by no want of effort on the part of the Com J missariat to' prevent them, and were not of "Sufficient amount, as is, indeed, admitted by the Commissioners, to have any important effect on the health of the troops. That the nature of the food supplied to the troops iu no degree depends upon Commissariat regulation, and although it may in the present case have I been a source of disease greatly to be lamented, it was not owing to any defect of practicable \ exertions or arrangement on my part that the injurious quality of the food was for sometime incapable of being remedied; and also that, during the period when the troops were with out those articles, such as vegetables and lime j juice, which might- have corrected the delete rious effects of thediet, the Commissariat had not been ordered to provide them; and that, when afterwards it became the duly of the Commis ! sariat to do so, the iBsues of both were regularly maintained as soon as the necessary arrange ments could be.brouglit into operation. That I hare never maintained, as alleged by the Com missioners, that the men when in the field were not to be supplied by the Commissariat with fuel if they were so circumstanced that they could not provide it themselves; and that there wasneither neglect nor indisposition on my part to provide the supply, but that it was fiir nislied as soon as I liad the necessary orders to that effect to the full extent to which the means of conveying it could be procured. That the meisures necessary to ensure a sufficient supply of fodder for animals were tahen by-me, 'and only failed of success through causes which it was not in my power to prevent. That, although the land transport was for some time inadequate to the wants of the army, and the insufficiency, unfortunately, became a source of suffering, the failure was attributable to causes beyond my control, which could neither have been foreseen nor guarded against by me. And, finally, that however unequal may have haeu my ability to cope with the un precedented difficulties of my position, I did not neglect or overlook any means of overco ming them which were within my reach, and certainly did not allow any consideration of mere form or usage to interfere with the fullest application of those means." Loed Lucas's Defence.—In a letter to Lord Panmure, Lord Luean defends himself from the charge of wilfully starving the troop horses. His lordship says:—"Subsequent to the storm of the 14th of November Colonel Griffiths, when visiting me as field officer of the day of the division, to report upon the outposts, spoke to me in a complaining tone of the sufferings of his men and horses. I was at that time, and liad been many days pre vious, in daily communication with Lord Eaglan personally, or the Quartermaster General, depicting to them the fearful suffer ings of the horses, and urging them in every possible manner either to allow the cavalry to be moved to a position less exposed, or where their forage or the materials for hut ■ ting would be available. It is difficult to exag gerate my anxiety at this time, and your lord ship must observe, that before any stabling could be constructed it was necessary for a per manent winter camp to he fixed upon, which would depend upon the 6tate of the siege of Sebastopol, and the means of defence Lord Eaglan had at his disposal to protect the rear of his position. Both Lord Eaglan and Gene ral Caurobert felt they could not spare the cavalry at that time, and detained them accor dingly. At the moment tliat Colonel Griffiths referred to the stabling of his horses we were only occupying a temporary camp, and it was undecided whether wc were to shift to another position, still on the heights, but a little re moved, or were to take up a permanent winter camp in the neighbourhood of Kadikoi; and this last was at the end of ten days decided upon. As has been said, Colonel Griffiths referred in a plaintive tone to the state of his horses, and in one of reproach. I, knowing from the past that I felt, to say tho least, as much anxiety for the horses of the Greys as Colonel Griffiths, replied accordingly; upon which this officer allowed himself a manner and the use of words so disrespectful that I desired him to desist, or I would place him under arrest. If Colonel Griffiths ia his evidence intended to say that he was threatened with arrest for ex pressing any anxiety about his horses, and not on account of his disrespectful manner in the conversation which followed, he has stated that which is unworthy of him as it is untrue. At this time no horse of my own, of my staff, nor do I believe of any of the regimental offi cers, was stabled. I cannot recollect a single structure within tho cavalry qamp excepting Colonel Griffiths's kitchen." TUB JSMfbboe JN'apoleox.—There is no thing sudden about hint; on the contrary, he is hesitating, but tenacious. Never was any man longer in coming to a decision; never did any one leave those nearest to him more per plexed, or in a deeper state of doubt as to his intentions, until the moment when some oqs particular circumstance fixes him to a point, at which he then remains immovable, from the largest to the least things, it would suffice to follow step by step the vacillations of one day employed by Louis Napoleon in perpetual changes of plan, to know that when he does not see a positive necessity for exercising his will, no living being, perhaps, exercises it less. But when the necessity is distinctly seen by him, then, indeed, he may be said to be indexible, and when he is resolved, when his will has fixed itself to a point, then all ideas of turning him 'from that point are vain.—Paris Correspondent of the Manchester Guardian. I am now aware of a conversation he (the Emperor Napoleon) had with his cousin, Prince Napoleon, but two days since, in which, after entering into all possible details touching the perplexities surrounding him, he distinctly said "The continent is not safe, and our fiunily must never forget that the hatred of England alone was the cause of the downfall of Napoleon L"—Paris Correspondent of the Machester Guardian. Within the last few days General Tsehevkin has received the first drawings in connection with the surveys made for the railroad pro jected from Moscow to Odessa and Theodosia. A variety of small incidents show how in tensely the attention of the various, adminis trative bodies of the Bussian Government is now turned towards the improvement of the means' of communication,- and as fast as a road is opened every means is taken to turn it to advantage.—Vienna Correspondent icf the Times. A Crimean Erench soldier, who lost one of his legs by a Bussian ball} has just: established iiiinKplf at Lyons, and the murderous missile may be seen suspended over his shop, with this lnECrintinn-—"All bnulet de SevastoDol! inscription—" An boulet de Sevastopol! Flamand, epicier faiencier." Death of See H. Pottinger.—The Times reports the death of Sir Henry Pottinger, at Malta, on the 18th March, in the 67th year of his age. The deceased baronet is said to have been 31st in descent from Egbert, the first Saxon King of England. Our contemporary observes, "we only rc-echo public opinion when we say that wa seldom have had occasion to regret an officer who lias rendered greater service to the Crown and the country." " King Tom" of Cobbett's Register, Thomas Attwood, of Birmingnam, conspicuous for the part he played in the stormy times of the Beform Bill, when he founded the Birmingham Political Union, has passed away. Long the victim of paralysis, Mr. Attwood died on Thursday morning, March 6, at Great Malvern. The War Department has ordered that for the future all recruits proceeding to India and the colonies shall be supplied with rifles. An Admiralty circular, which has been issued, j says :—" It is their lordship's desire that : officers of the navy should not wear beards or moustaches on board Her Majesty's ships. By the regulations of the service men are expected to be properly shaved, and it is essen tial that a good example on this point should be set by their officers." The Moniteur of 8th March contains an imperial decree, calling out 140,000 men of the contingent of 1856, agreeably to the terms of the law of July U Macaueat Burst is Effigt !—The Highlanders of Glenmore, in Inverness-shire, feeling aggrieved and indignant at the slan derous charges brought by Mr. Macaulay against their predecessors, in his last volume of the "Histoiy of England," assembled together, and, headed by a piper playing the " Kogue's March," proceeded to the Black Rock, near Glenmore House, and there burnt in effigy the distinguished historian! The assembled crowd gave three shouts of execra tion as the effigy was consuming. Macaulay, when in the Highlands, resided for a consider able time at Glenmore House.—Glasgow Dailg Mail. M. Kossuth.—Walter Savage Landor has addressed to the Times a plea for M. Kossuth. He states that the illustrious exile is in strait ened circumstances, and, without having con sulted him on the subject, proposes a public subscription on his behalf, trusting that " the most eloquent of statesmen since Demosthenes will not refuse that public tribute which ano ther of much celebrity accepted." The Times answers the appeal in anything but a generous fashion. Coyest-Garde:* Theatbe.—It is proposed hv the Duke of Bedford to convert the site of this edifice into a poultry market! It appears there has been a sort of Muscovy monomania for ducks and drakes in this direction among the Bussells for generations. They would rather hear the cackle of cocks and liens, the gobble-gobble of turkeys, the gabbling of geese, and the Cahfornian shriek of Guinea-fowl, than the jug-jug of the Nightingale herself; the difference to their auriferous auriculars being tliis, that one is merely a note of exclamation— vox et preterea, nihil—while the other is a note of admiration—a vox that rhymes with cash box. The time has at last arrived for effecting this design—a consummation wrought by fire. The rebuilding of the pile i3 out of the ques tion; no phoenix can ever spring from that pyre; but in its place there is to be—oh, ghost of the nine Muses rolled into one!—a wholesale cliicken-butcherie. The .New Zealand Cheep and the Con tested Jews.—Probably there never was a | more peculiarly solemnizing religious meeting held in this metropolis than en Thursday | evening last, when the converted New Zealand chief, Hoani Wiremu Hipango, now as a depu tation to Her Majesty in this country, ad dressed a number of believing Hebrewa at the house of the Eev. Dr. Ewald. From the time Hipango was brought to the knowledge of Christ he felt deeply interested in the Jews. After his arrival in London he went in j search of them, and visited the synagogues; but hearing there were Jews who believed I in Jesus, he greatly longed to see them. He was introduced to Dr. Ewald, who, in order to give the chief an opportunity to speak to some believing Israelites, convened the meet- | ing. The room was crowded, and he was listened to by the Hebrews witb intense in- j terest and much sympathy, when ho was rela ting to them how the light of the Gospel had I illuminated his mind. After the meeting, Hi pango begged to shake hands with every believ ing son and daughter of Abraham present, and ] when he did the same with Mr. Grevier, for merly Babbi Grevier, and learned that he had j studied at the Malta College, and was now on j the eve of proceeding to Tunis as missionary to the Jews, he was much affected, and wished him the blessing of the Almighty.—Horning Herald, March 8. A Gigantic PrcruBE.—A correspondent of the Daily Hews says that the famed German artist, Cornelius, has just completed a work which has occupied him for some years in j Borne. It is a picture representing the Last I Judgment, and is to be executed in frescoe at j Berlin, in the church attached to the cemetery of the royal family of Prussia, in colossal di mensions, the total height of the composition being 98 feet, and that of the principal figures 17 feet. The artist has treated the difficult subject with great power and skill, and has introduced 128 figures in every possible variety of grouping. Without going into the endless allegorical allusions contained in the picture, it will suffice to say that it is a noble work, and well adapted to add to the artist's already , great renown. M. Cabet's Communist Colony in the United States.—The Independance Beige \ states that the Communist republic of Icaria, established at Nauvoo, is iu a state of dissolu tion. The President, M. Cabet, is represented as meditating a coup d'etat against the mino rity of his adherents, who are in the habit of | questioning the expediency of many of his acts, and are impudent enough to dispute with him as if he were but a common mortal like them selves, M. Cabet declares in his official jour nal, that " Icaria is in danger in consequence I of the audacity of some ungovernable men ] plunged in vicehe then proposes a new con stitution in ten articles, by which he is to be in vested with absolute authority. Abyssinia.—The Trieste Gazette has an aeeount of a new Ethiopian kingdom, which one Theodore, a native Christian, is founding I by conquest, and in which neither slavery nor polygamy will have place. The Ieish Peess.—By the orders of Arch bishop Cullen, the Hation, the Tablet, and the Weekly Telegraph have been excluded from the reading-rooms of the Catholic Young Men's Soeiety—that is, all the Boman Catholic jour- i nals in Dublin, edited by Boman Catholics, ' have been interdicted by the Boman Catholic Archbishop. Bisesg Staes.—Among young musical and theatrical artistes about to rise on the horizon, we (Athcnaum) hear of a younger Miss Keely, from whom we are hidden to expect good I things. We are told, too, that a Signorina Puzzi, the daughter of the professor so long established in London, is about to appear. Gold in the Isle of Man.—A correspon- j dent of the Liverpool Albion writes as follows: —" The immense wealth which this beautiful island has developed in copper and lead mines (those of Laxey and Foxdale realizing an enor mous premium upon the original shares) ha« often called my attention during my frequent geo logical rambles most particularly to the quartz : rocks of Grcba, and strongly impressed upon my mind that those strata were rich in aurife rous deposits. I have just returned from a visit to a highly scientific friend of mine, Wm. Novell, Esq., of Eancy Cottage, German, to whom I had often communicated my impres sions, and find tliat he has taken the matter up most energetically, and is at the present sink- : ing two shafts upon his adjoining estates, one I in the parish of Kirk German, the other in Marown. The quartz bed of ..both prove as auriferous as many I have examined in the Aus tralian diggings, and I am certain all this en- | terprising gentleman now requires is some ex perienced miners and a powerful crushing-ma chine to realize his most sanguine expecta tions." Fine Aet Gossip.—Last week the models for six new statues, illustrating passages in j the history and literature of Great Britain, were selected by the city authorities, and the six commissions were finally given. Mr. ! Baily undertakes another Miltonic figure, ! " The Spirit of the WoodsMr. Wyon a statueof "Britomart," from Spenser's "Fairy Queen;" Mr. Theed a figure of Gray's "Bard," Mr. Durham a statue of "H«r- j mione," in the "Winter's Tale;" Mr. Weekes a figure of " Sardanapalus," from Byron's tragedy; and Mr. Foley a statue the subject of which is not yet determined. These works are to be executed in marble, at a cost of £700 each.—Athenaeum. M. Vfilemain, one of the great literary cele brities .of France, and an ex- Minister to hoot, has published an eloquent biography of Fox, in th9 course of which he more than once mani-1 fests his lore of liberty. Two editors of the Figaro have been sen tenced to a fortnight's imprisonment, and £20 I fins each, and to £40 damages, for having libelled the well-known theatrical critic, Jules JaniiL The Health op Mb. Bbight, M.P.—In a letter to the Chairman of his election com mittee, Mr. Bright writes on the 3rd:—"The truth of the matter is this: For fifteen years I have worked, chiefly in public affairs, with very little relaxation, and now I discover that the brain has had too much exercise and the body too little. I have been to London twice since the opening of the session, but have found myself quite unable to attend the House of Commons. My medical advisers strongly i urge me to give up all attention to business ' for three "months, and to spend the time in seeking relief in a continental journey. I need not tell yo a ho w unwilling I am to abandon, even lor a short time, the performance of my duties in Parliament; but necessity has no law, and so I submit to what I cannot avoid." Expected Comet.—Astronomers, it is said, expect the appearance, this year, of the comet of 1556, called Charles Y., and so named from having, according to some historians, caused that monarch to abdicate and retire to the Convent of St. Just. It is the identical wan dering star, some say, which appeared in 1264, in 995, and in 683, Its return was fixed for 1848, but it did not answer the call, frightened, perhaps, as a monarehial comet, by the eccen tricities of that epoch. The new calcula tions of the savans do not, however, admit of much doubt as to the present nearness of its visit. The Flag of Tbucb in the Ceijtea.— Sebastopol, March 1.—On the 20th Feb. a flag of truce was hoisted. Shortly afterwards a boat left the shore. About the same time a French boat pulled out from the south side, and the two met each other about mid-distance between the two shores. There appeared to be something more than the usual interchange of courtesy. It soon became known in camp that the interview had been connected with the arrangements of an armistice. Subsequently it was agreed that a meeting should take place on the following day. This took place on Monday. A short time before, a group of horsemen were observed to leave the Tchernaya valley, a bright sun was shining, the atmosphere was magnifi cent, and objects were conspicuous and well defined at a long distance. The cavalry bad not advanced far into the plain when bang went a shot from one of the lower French batteries ; this was quickly succeeded by another. The mistake was corrected, for after the second all remained quiet, and the Russians continued their approach. At the same time the General of the French Staff, and General Wyndliam, chief of the English Staff, with a body of Staff officers and their respective escorts, left the French and galloped along the road to meat the Russian General The meeting took place at a distance of half a mile or thereabouts, be- I yond the bridge. Shortly afterwards the whole | parly turned round and mixing together came leisurely over the ground which had just been traversed by the French and English Com manders. A short distance in the front of Traktir Bridge the French had raised a marquee, and into it the principals retired. It is under stood that this was only preliminary to a more important meeting between, the respective Commanders-in-Chief. The Russian General and his Staff were escorted by a party of Cos sacks, from 50 to 60 in number. The horses are described, by those who wero near, as in very poor condition, and the men looking bad, and were altogether different from what they were prior to the commencement of the winter, j —Correspondent of Daily A etcs. 