f, CHINA. KiJ Fn u Hongkong our dates are to Eo.otcmbiT 10th. at During the past; month, It is said that the evidence of the price of, oftheiircnttrDJrtof liopMv.nceof Canton have been so plain. B . In the revival of trade and receipt of large supplies of detained it'Tjioduoe. swell as In the regular arrivals and departures of the uiisiM-boat". from Canton, that the Insurrection in this quarter fk : may be regarded as cut rely suppressed. The remaining bands of its -Biurgojits brother In the hilly region towards lunch, or have M i fled to tbceoaar, In either place to feel that they are outlawed from off their novo lown and harmless, and can never return openly. It ST is to be wished, for the behoof humanity, that the nullifies Sr would now declare a more effectual amnesty r. r past chances than is they have heretofore done; and that the execu- runs to Web still to take place were put, a stop to but so far as one in town the true 525 state of millers from the people, it is in a great measure owing to bathe lower < floors and the gentry that Germany criminals are '?¿Sai'brouchi in Canton, and not mainly to the highest: provincial list- cDlelals. ship '-By a report obtained from good authority, It appears thieves HSP JOYOUS men have been publicly executed in London since February sK 15th or Chinese Bowyear; further inquiries on this point are In H. the course of being a JP, and the total may turn out, to be greater Ki rather than less. The same authority states the number but to Beneath at Shaking fu at 7000, and about 25,000 at iii" taking of Re the fort at Blenheim Reach, and the subsequent captures among K the villages thereabouts?. In many places, houses have been erected ft- where suspected or proscribed persons may commit suicide, Sr-, and thus save their posthumous reputation, and be buried by as their families and hundreds are said to have gone to these places ME 'where their bodies would be identified, and i in an end to the WA leaves by hanging or taking opium. Many women, probably _."- those who have lost all hopes of support or safety, hare also Mp destroyed themselves. Been things these show how sad Is the mt j state of the native society, and how wide spread is the desolation L. theiciurrectton has caused in this province-. Itsreaults, as for ft as one can judge, have been unmitigated evils to the people of all ¥' parties. 1 On the 9th of September, one of the leaders, named Karr Sin, St - was put to death by the lingering punishment, having been out up Sr In 106 pieces. There are three grades of this mode of execution, J' t_e other two, where the criminal is divided into 24 or 36 carter, in not being considered so disgraceful. This leader headed the bands E which threatened the north of the city last autumn and winter. SE'Jfoie than SCO of lesser note were executed the W same day ; and on one day last month, over 700 1 Were killed. There had been a festival of seven days lately held, in something like All Bonis festival, for the repose of the spirits of Ipi the officers and soldiers killed during the contest, so that their jp names may " leap the shades." Large contributions have been given by high authorities, and most of the religious ceremonies : have taken place near the execution ground, where It is, doubt * less, happened that more ghosts flit than elsewhere. One of the most air Clog sights compete! with this matter, is that of a hundred or precedes lounging along the street, waiting for the execution, that they may pounce upon and sets s the yet palpitating bodies, hurry off with them to pity. Certainly, a Govern -line that can but its subjects to death in this manner, can hardly be called a weak one any more than the insurrection which has involved such less, can he regarded a popular. 