PARLIAMENTARY IfftEIAiaKKOR LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBIA', TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1S38. The SPEAKER took tho chair at half-past threi o'clock. PAPERS. Mr. COWPER laid upon the table tho undermen tioned papers, which were ordered to be printed. 1 The copy of a circular despatch, dated 5th July last with a memorandum from the treasury, on the subjecl -of the mail contract agreed upon for the service of thc ».postal commucation between Great Britain and Aus. i-tralia. 3. The copy of a letter from the Registrar. ' General, dated the 18th instant, with tables shewing the ..progress of registration in th« Sydney district, within 'the first six months of its introduction. '.. COMMITTEE OP ELECTIONS AND QUALLTICA. TIONS. Mr. ARNOLD was sworn at the table, by the clerk, as a '.member of the committee of elections and qualifications ;>for the present session, pursuant to the requirement of .rthe 5'Jth section of the Electoral Act of 1S51. RAILWAYS. Mr. BARKER said he had reason to complain of the conduct of honorable members who put questions \- to him sometimes of great importance respecting the railway, without giving bim notice. It was impossible ' that he could, at all times, reply with that accuracy he . 'desired-he did not require long notice, and was always >Jxtost ready to afford every necessary information the office could afford. A few evenings since, one honor ' ~able member asked him why the commissioners de. -dined making a terminus at Honeysuckle Point. In »Teply, he stated that tho claims for compensation were so extravagant the commissioners were glad to leave it upoh 'Vfhich, ons honorable member said he had no . doubt, if they were investigated, they would be found . just and fair. Another honorable member said be was one of the trustees who held this land, and he would assert that no demand had been made for compensation. He (Mr. Barker) now held in his hand a document ''from the office shewing the claim by the agent in Syd . ney for the trustees-first, at £1500 per acre, then an i amended claim was sent ia demauding £2000 per acre. 'Thus, for 23 acres of land, near Newcastle, the demand was £41,000, and tho tenants sent in claims to the .,extent of £38,7(10 ; making a total of £82,0(10. Mr. SCOTT said a few words which had reference to \- --some discrepancies in tho claims vat forth. NORTHERN LINE OF RAILWAY. Mr. ROBERTSON seeing the honorable tho Colonial : Secretary in his place desired to ask the question stand, ?ing the business paper of that day ia his name-"If it ?is the intention of the'government to carryon tho works ?on the northern railway line to an equal extent to that promised in the caso of the southern railway line, and ii .not, whv not?" The COLONIAL SECRETARY in reply stated, that a «um of money had already been placed on the estimates, .and the government wero prepared to carry out an ex i tensive system of railways, if the funds were voted. FARMS IN THE DISTRICT OF BERRIMA. Mr. OXLEY seeing the honorable the Colonial Secre- tary in his place desired to ask the question standing on r the business paper in his name-" Why certain farms in the district of Berrima, measured ia the month of March . last, have not yet been offered for sale?" Mr.. MURRAY, in replying to the question of the honorable member for West Camden, said, that he had ?received the following statement in reference to the matter from tho Surveyor-General. If tho landa alluded to ba those nt the Z-na/y Flats, four and . five miles north from the town of Jlcrrima, tho surroy by Mr. Mann wa? forwarded to this oflico, on the .."Jtli of July last, (a .'descrepanoy waa oreated by his lettor of the -ilrd of August following), the lanita are in schedule and ready f«r the govern- ment printer, bat ai tho proclamations are nrintsd from tue Surveyor-General's original descriptions, and the government , printer has in hand no less than !$<t schedulus already, it has been -considered advisable for safety sake to refrain, until he ia ready to print them, any moro schedulos for proclamation. It may be remarked further that the lands brought forward nt "the iustanco of individual) are allowed precedence of those measures morely ou tho motion of the department, and -that the lands at th« Loafy Flats were measured at the instance of . the government. Furthermore it may ba stated that tile supply . .of type is so limited for proclamations, and that tue frequent necessity for keeping tho proclamations in type until they are "submitted to bis Excellency the Govornor-Geueral in Council so .' cripples the printer, even in tho moans which he has, that tho Survoyor-Genoral has twico urged that he should be furnished . with further typo, and this lt is understood ia now hoing "obtained. QUESTION OF CONFIDENCE.-ADJOURNED DKRATE. The order of the day was then called for the resump- tion of the adjourned debate on Slr. Hay's motion : " That in the opinion of this house, the formation of the present ministry, under circumstances which precluded the prospect of its obtaining the confidence of tho «représentatives of the poople, was calculated to obstru«t .the public business, and is most reprehensible." Mr. WILLIAM MACLEAY said that in common with jail these who had spoken on tho motion before the "house, he felt inclined to avoid all unnecessary persona »lities, but, at the same time, it appeared to him that on such a question it was almost impossible to avoid them ?altogether. Ho considered that the character of every public man was public property and when a man with a vulnerable character took office . he should mako up his mind to have the vulnerable part \--?attacked. And whon a motion like that before the .- house was under consideration, the character of such a man necessarily became a subject for discussion. He . disclaimed, however, so far as he was concerned, any . intention of being personal ia his observations; or of -?making any attack upon tho honorable and learned Attorney-General, although ho considered his character ? was ns much open to attack as that of any other honora . ble gentleman ; but he (Mr. Macleay) considered that the responsibility rested with the honorablo gentleman who made the ministry. Ho did not think that the honorable ¡end learned Attorney-General was to blame ; it was the honorable gentleman who placed him in that position, -although, had Mr. Martin shown a little modesty of .demeanour ho would havo done bettor. The honorable ?member for tho Southern Boroughs had ?accused gentlemen on his (Mr. Maclcny's) side of the 'house of having changed their tactics in a cowardly manner : he thought such language rather too strong. Ile would shortly allude to the position of Mr. Martin ; it was self-evident that that honorable and learned . .gentleman bad been guilty of an offence which carno .»?before the old council-that he had been guilty of . making n false declaration, and that in consequence . therefore he had boen compelled to vacate his seat ; ? and more than that in consequence of that affair it lind been found necessary, to bring in a bill, making it a > misdemeanour on the part of any ono who should after- wards commit a liko offence-such being the case, lie ' thought he had never heard a more intemperate speech . within the walls of thnthou.so than that of the honorable and learned Attorney-General-a speech which thrent . ened every ono who dared to vote against him on the question before the house. Hut he, as a member of that 'house, cared nothing for the threats of the honorable aud learned gentleman ; at tho same time he thought -the house should look to them. The honorable and learned gentleman had said that the motion was a personal attack upon himself-and that he is 'therefore a martyr. Now, if he was sincere in 'his belief that he was upon his trial ho would not, when the division boll rung, actas judge upon his own charac- ter-(hear, hear, from tba opposition benches)-and if he did not vote then ho (Mr. Macleay) would conclude . that he was the person attacked. The honorable ?member for the Southern Boroughs had also spoken ? about the personal attacks that had been indulged in .by his (Mr. Macleay's) side of the house; he (Mr. Murray), however, wa« us personul as any member in ?. the house, und had shown a great amount of lnxitr in his statement of facts-particularly in relation to a statement which had been inado by tho honorable and learned member far Argyle as to the appointment of 'the honorable and learned Attorney-General. Ho thought, under such circumstances!, tho house was entitled to an explanation, especially when not only its .character, but thnt of tho country was at stake. (Hear, hear. ) He had no wish to prolong the debate, but he could hot help alluding to thc conduct of an hon. member on 'the opposite side of tho house, who had, to his thinking, -shown an extraordinary obliquity of moral vision-he meant the honorable member for East Camden (Hr. O.-sborni'), who had promised to support tho motion now before the house, «nd had said that be quite agreed with ¿t, whilst afterwards ho turned round »nd opposed it. , Mr. OSBORNE explained-that tho resolution sub mstted to the house was n different ono to that of which he had expressed his approval. 'Mr. WILLIAM MACLKAY : To judgo from the way in which the honorable member hud expressed himself, .IM Foeniod to have laid down a very pecnliar rule of 'action for himself-he disapproved of the present ..government and would support it ; und he agreed with the motion, and would oppose it. For himse'f, he (Mr. l!a:'i«if) bud determined on supporting the motion before the house even before bo knew exact!}- what it vas. He considered the true merit of tho resolution consisted in the objection to the way in which the pre- sent ministry was formed. Tho question was-was tho honorable member nt the head of the government jnsti tUuVin taking ortioe nt the time he did ? It would be in j t'i.! mi'uury of tho house that tho resignations of the Lue ministry were tendered rallier unexpectedly, nnd wlidti mide, their resignations were only constitutionally «cceated. It wa* conlidently hoped an expression of I opinion by ttw house, ytavM be Riven before* so bald, a. step, as. forming a c»e»r," ministry, I was gone Wto, The honorable, member for Sydney knew there was a majori«! against him in the house, and the only motive hy which he could haya been actuated in accepting office was tba désire to grasp at power. That the honorable member knew the mind of tbe house was. certain, as the honorable member for Argyle had stated to the house he warned him of it, and also that an attempt would probably be made to compel the former ministry to return to power. Mr. Suttor also went as a deputation to tell bim of it before the ministry was even formed. (Hear.) He would admit that had the honorable member, instead of the indecent haste with which he assumed office, waited a little longer,-when the reins of power might have fallen legitimately into his hands, and tben formed a respon- sible government, he (Mr. Macleay) might probably have supported hint. (Hear.) The honorable gentle- man's apologists admitted all this, (no, no,) but yet they j come forward and say .« Give us a fair trial," It was ' liken pickpocket who had been caught in the act, asking for another trial to see whether ha would not be more I successful. Mr. PIDDINGTON rose to order; the honorable member made use of most improper language, and he owed an apology to evety individual member of the government. The SPEAKER ruled that as the honorable member only raado use of tho language by way of illustration he was .not out of order. Mr. PIDDINGTON : Vorv well sir. Mr. WILLIAM MACLEAY : If they wera to be bum bugged and hoodwinked in this way. be did not know the uso of responsible government. There had been an attempt made to frighten this house to submit to the dictation of the ministry, by threatening a dissolution of tho house in case they were outvoted. Mr. PIDDINGTON begged to correct the honorable member ; such a threat bad not been made use of by any member of the government in his presence, and he thought it was not correct in the honorable member to assume that anv threat whatever had been used. Mr. WILLIAM MACLEAY said, the honorable mern ber might not huve been in the house, but words to that effect had been used by the honorable member for the Southern Boroughs. Mr. MURRAY rose to order: Ile did not approve of interruptions generally, but in the present instance ho considered it necessary to say, tbe opinion he expressed was that government could not obtain a proper working majority in the house till a dissolution did take place. That was his individual opinion, but it was not for the ministry to resolve on any such course, nor had they pretended to do so. It was a matter for the discretion of tho Governor-General. Mr. MACLEAY : lt appeared, then, the honorable member and himself were of tbe same opinion. If a dissolution did take place, the result would be infinitely worse for tho party at preaont ia power. It would be a monstrous stretch of power to dissolve tho house, and no ? great question before it. Such a course might be followed if it were absolutely necessary tho Cowper ministry should remain in power, but ha did not see the necessity for their taking office, and much less for their remaining in it. If tho house could get rid of the present incubus, they would he glad to go in with any respectable ministry who had obtained office in a con. stitutional manner. (Hear.) One apologist for the present ministry, tho member from the Empire office Mr. WEEKES : He believed the honorable member for the Lachlan and Lower Darling had now over, stepped tho line of order. He had refurrod to the honor able member as tho member from the Empire office. Ho (Mr. Weokes) contended that to do so was absolutely out of order, and ought not to fae tolerated. Mr. WILLIAM MACLEAY: He believed he had overstepped the rules of order ; but he believed the honorable gentleman the other night declared himself in his speech ns the oditor of tho Empire; that he was no longer ashamed of it; but was proud of his relation with the press. He told, tho houso n groat many things about tho press, and his whole speech, indeed, was n puff of the Empire. The honorablo member, aftor paning his own paper, had quoted leading articles from other [ papers, and, amongst others^read a portion of a leading article from the Bathurst Free Press-the portion of the 1 article read was certainly directed ngainst tho meeting which took place at Kellet House, but the tenor of the remainder of the article was decidedly against the pre- sent ministry. (Mr. P.vnicE3 : Bead it.) Such an attempt to mislead was worthy of their strongest reprobation. Of tho public papers in Sydney thero were throe in favour of tho lato ministry and two in favour of tho present one. Hero was nn article from one of them, a portion of which he had just said was read by an honorable member-(Mr. Parkes: "Bend it all") - be objected to the system of reading articles, but the paper could bo referred to. As the honorablo member was fond of quoting he would refer him to an article which had appeared in " Bell's Life" in Sydney (laughter)-headed " Mon of the People," with tho motto, " There's some one in tho houso with Dinah," and signed "Metropolitan,"-it was a very amusing article, but he would not read it all now. It had been stated by some of tho friends of the present ministry that they would not resign ollie o even though a majority of tho house wero ngninst them on this occa- sion. Such a course would, undoubtedly, provo their claim to the cognomen of " thick skins," and justified what had been said on a former occasion by an honorable member. Mr. Darvall, that for very small salaries they were content to cat a largo quantity of dirt. Mr. ARNOLD roso to order : Tho language used by the honorable member was most improper and decidedly impertinent. Tbe SPEAKER said tho honorable member had made use of an offensive expression. Mr. WILLIAM MACLEAY sai l similnr languago had been made use of before in that houso, without reproof. It had even boen said that though out-voted on tho pro- posed system of finance, tho ministry would not resign. He hoped, however, that tho houso would continuo to assert its own rights until they had forced the ministry from oflices they ought nevor to havo assumed. Mr. TvOBERTSOM considered he would not ba doing his dut}' if he did not attempt, BS far as was in his power, to allay the acrimonious feeling which had been so strongly manifested in the house during tbeproscntdebate. This feeling was in no way lessoned by the speech of ! the honorable member who had just sat down. He had hoped, when he saw that gentleman rise, that ho at least would not have taken any shnro in that feeling ; however objectionable previous remarks might have boco, thoso which fell from that honorablo gentleman wero most unwarranted. Ho must confess that, in approaching the question under debate, ho did so feeling that it was a great public calamity that honorable gentlemen on both sides of the house should continue to moko such very horrible attacks on personal characters ns bad boon tho case during the debate. He thought tho country could ill afford to be kept idle, while a nan's character was being run down by gunttemen on tho other side of tho houso ; thc country could ill alford such things at nny time, but more particularly nt the present timo, and he very much regretted that it bad taken place. (Hear, hear.) The resolution before the house was one against men, and not against measures. (Hear, hear.) It was a bad principle ; it was a principio upon which he had never ucted in his life, and one on which ho hoped he never should. Thc honorable gentleman at the head of the opposition (Mr. Donaldson) had repeatedly told the house that it was a question of men. Tho same remark I also had fallen from tho honorable) gentleman who had just sat down. Both sides of tho houso wero of the same opinion. Was the ministry to be opposed merely because those gentlemen on the opposition honchos objected to the men ? ("Hear, hear.) Were they to have only that objection-that because gentlemen on one side or the other were actuated by so much acrimony towards tho-e opposed to them, they must not ho permitted to hold oflice, although the public business of the country should surfer by their going out. ire conceived that an assembly of gentlemen, sent there by their constituents for the purpose of guarding tho interests of tho country, ought to be influenced by some higher motives, if they studied the best interests of the country. Why should they have this opposition, founded upon personal dislike ? Why should they have the entire ministerial elections over again ? What was the object of it, or what could bo tho meaning of it ? For his part ho could not conceive what good could be got by it. The mensures of tho ministry were not likely to be objected to when brought forward. Ho must think thnt the attacks which had been mada time after time by members on tho opposition benches when they were members of tho government-upon those members who now constituted the government, for what wns called their factious opposition, were undeserving. Those accusations were n kind of two-edged sword now, and cut against the course taken hy the present opposition. Gentlemen on that side of the houso would believe that be hid not for one moment any party feeling or con- sideration in hi-? opposition to them when they wero in office. On this (tho ministerial) sido of the house there was scarcely a gentleman whom he had known previous to his election ; while on the opposite benches were some with whom he was on terms of intimacy. ¡Mr. Nichols had been his friend since they were boys together, while Slr. Darvall, in the Constitution matter, had been bis leader; and, from the high opinion which he had of bis abilities, he had looked upon bira as tho mon who ought to be attorney general when they had respaqtibja government, It nvt«t be, seen, therefore, that he had been »otmted by «q fautions opposition, He protested against puhUq t\m$ being wasted merely to upset the ministry heçause the members composing it wore uot liked. Ho would ask those honorable gentlemen who called themselves the cross benches, what they wanted ? What was their object ? Honorable gentlemen on the opposite side of the houso liad been in power ; they had had a majority in the house ; and had even received an unqualified ex- pression of confidence from many gentlemen in the minority. Vet those gentlemen went out without a vote of want of confidence. Wheu those gentlemen wero in power why did they not hold x>ower? ~ (hear, bear) -instead of wasting the time of the country by necessitating the ministerial elections over again, and then expecting to be again called to power. As to tho honorable members on the cross benches, it was they who turned the late ministry out, and now they wanted to tum them in again. That i was not the way to get over the business of the country. Now, he must say, that tho policy »f the honorable gen- tleman at the head of the opposition was not exactly I that which he should expect him to pursue. It was what he csnsidered a sort of dog in the manger policy. I If he (Mr. Donnldson) could not govern the country himself, why did he prevent others from doing so ? In sober seriousness he again asked, what did he, and the gentlemen associated with him, want ? Much had been said about meetings held by members of that house. He had no wish to prevent any party of gentlemen from meeting outside that house, to arrange the course of policy to be pursued by them within its walls. But when ho saw honorable gentlemen resign tho govern- ment, and then call a meeting to determine upon the course best to pursue in order to thwart the measures of the new government, and they called that a proper policy. If the honorable gentlemen on the cross benches wero of the same opinions as honorable gentle- men on tho opposition benches, why not be with them? They had heard tho highly eloquent and indignant speech of Mr. Darvall, on tba occasion of the last meet- ing of the house under the late ministry, in which be ! denounced certain members as a mctious opposition. He should, supposing he could become impartial, like to hear that honorable gentleman speak now having a fair view of the present factious opposition and see his eloquence showered forth, and tho indignant manner in which he would denounce the proceedings of the present opposition, which so much moro strongly called for his withering scorn. Much had been said about the cross benches ; he thought the more proper designation for them would be the " Vigilance Commit too men." (Hear, hear, and laughter.) And in point- ing out his objections to them, he more particularly referred to their sending a deputation to wait upon a gentleman holding a commission from his Excellency the Oovernor-General ti form an administration, to point out to him the pro- priety of retumingthat commission so as to afford the late Colonial Secretary (Mr. Donaldson) an opportunity of returning to office. This be considered was a perfect infringement of the rights and privileges of that house. ' (Cheers.) Upon the resignation of tho honorable mem j bar at the head of the opposition, the Governor-General ' sent for Mr. Cowper. ( Hoar, hear.) It could not be helped if that were displeasing to Mr. Donaldson and his followers, honorable gentlemen on his (Mr. Robertson's) sido of the house were content. They had thirteen gen- tlemen on tho cross benches who considered themselves of as much weight as the other forty-one members of Hint house, and they even reckoned themselves n majo- rity ; this was roost amusing to him. He did think their conduct was much worse than ever that of a vigilance, committee was-to take upon themselves to coerce the house into adopting their opinion. The original com- i mitteo in California, he understood, did not hide their names from the public ; hut those gentlemen had dono so ; and they were worse than the original committee. Mr. MANNING : A meuse in the hole is worse than a lion at largo. Mr. IRVING asked tho honorable member (Mr. Robertson) if ho repudiated the cross benches? He understood the honorable gentleman prided himself upon belonging to that section of tho house. . Mr. ROBERTSON : The honorable gentleman had asked him if he repudiated the cross benches. Ho said no. Rut he (Mr. Irving) would not detect him attend- ing or joining any deputation of tho character ho had mentioned. He did think that such conduct was most unworthy of the gentlemen who had been guilty of it. Much had been snid about the honorable member for Argyle (Mr. Plunkett) not joining tho ministry; but ho would say that the honorable gentleman did not tako that course. No one deplored more than he did the circumstance of that honorable gentleman declining to tako part in the ministry ; but no one blamed him loss. It would bo almost expecting too much to find Mr. Plunkett so soon joining tue gentlemen who so strongly opposed him in tho contest for Sydney. They could hardly expect him to come forward under the peculiar circumstances attendant upon that contest. As one of tho liberal party, he was sorry for the very unfortunate courso taken by the liberal party in opposing each other in that contest. (Hear, heal-.) Amongst many others difficulties they hail fallen into, he looked upon this as hasty and unwise ; contested elections were always irritating, and that lind caused a splitting up omongst themselves. Much acrimony arose from that contest, and mutual recrimina- tion, which was now very painful and injurious to both parties. A very short timo would enablo honorable gentlemen to smooth down those asperities, forget ! their différences, and join side by side for the support of liberal principles. (Hear, hear.) He felt that tüose [ gentlemen were- too liberal and patriotic to keep up thoso unfortunate differences, -which were so injurious to the country. And ho was glad that bo was supported in this feeling hy a gentleman whose name had been frequently used in the course of the debate-a gentle- man whose arrival in Australia was hailedjwith acclama- tion by tho liberals from one end of the country to the other ; he meant Mr. Duffy. Mr. Duffy in his speech, at Melbourne, on the Suth of March last, said, speaking of Mr. Plunkett and Mr. Parkes : Ho probably cononrrod in moro point» with Mr. Parkes, who lot] the opposition against him, and ho hoped, though both of them might repudiate lt at present, to ene Air. Parkes and Mr. Plunkett sitting in one cabinet. Henry Parkes was ilestiued, if ho (Mr..Duffy) wag not mistaken, to play a memorable part in Australian affairs. He id one of the mea of large sagacity and pationt forecasting spirit, who work groat chaDges in the world, nhenovor tho popular dovotion which he had won could be united to the coniidenco which tho cautious middle clashes gare to Mr. Plunkett, tho strongest governtneut would be formed that this country bud ever soou. i He was happy at being able to point to his (Mr. Duffy s) [ opinions so closely coinciding with his own ; and he would say in reply to the taunts hurled at Mr. Parkes 'though perhaps that was not the place to mention it that iilr. Duffy had seen all our public men at tho time i he spoke of Mr. Parkes on that occasion. And he must i have had ample experience whereby to judge what a complete statesman ought to be; nnd he must be re I eogniscd as a good authority. He (Mr. Robertson) gave Mr. Hay entire credit for good intentions in bringing forward tho matter beforo the house ; but at tho same time he must say that ho could not conceive a worso possible reason than that given by the honorablo gentle- man, in his letter in thc Herald, for introducing tho motion I liavo brought forward this resolution simply becausa it is one of my ono framing. A moro simple reason, really, lie had never heard from any gentleman. With regard to the attack made upon the honorable and learned Attorney-General, when ho (Mr. Robertson) first entered the Assembly, the first observation he had made was the scarcity of public men, and that under responsible Govern ment they could BO ill afford to loso them. And he thought he was concurred with by both sidos of tho house. That being the case he was sur- prised to seo a matter of seven or eight years' standing raked up as this matter about Mr. Martin's had been, and all tho inconvenience brought about which had been unquestionably caused by such an objectionable pro- ceeding. He felt that if they were to search every man's political character-he should not say private character, because wo would havo nothing to do with it-few honorablo gentlemen in that house would bo scatheless ; they would lind tho number reduced to a few gentlemen whose political characters were clear from blame. Some of those who might bo declared consistent, would bo so for tho reason that they had been for a long time in obscurity. Amongst those who might suffer by tho scrutiny, there were-some who bad denied the people's right of representation, some had op- posed responsible government-like tho honorablo member for Parramatta (Mr. Parker) fer one, who denied that they were in a position to have a right to expect responsible government; and some voted tho people's money away by false representations. He felt for those reasons,. that it was desirable-in a .new assembly where they had only twenty-five gentlemen of experience-to give all a clean bill of health on tho in- auguration of responsible government, in order that they might havo som o hope of proceeding with the business of the colony, and avoid all acrimony and íII feeling in thc debates of that houso. (Hear, hear.) It was quite clear that in the debates of that assembly some such thiDg was wanting. Other honorable gentlemen had objected to Mr. Martin, not because of Iiis character, but that he was not a man to be placed in a position of such power as that of Attorney-General. Ho went further; he thought no gentleman in that house-no gentleman in the colony-was flt for that office as it at present existed. (Hear, hear.) He thought no man should be I empowered to net as tho gr»nd jwry for tho o«l.ony ftr» pnbliq proseontot second, awl then when « raw wa tried, and. found quilty to si* in the exeontive OQunoU t meet the offender there «S»in-4« case of the/event qf petition for a mitigation of punishment-thus meetin the prisoners at avery stage. He said it was unfit tho any member of that house should hold office as at pre sent constituted; he cared not whether it wa Kr. Plunkett, Mr. Martin, or any other gentleman (Hear, hear.; He felt strongly on this matter; hi had a notice on the paper for the purpose of bringin; it before the house to obtain an inquiry into the posi tion of Attorney-General and Solicitor-General. This was a matter of deep importance, and he hud boen in duccd to withdraw it merely because he thought the present government would themselves bring it forward, If, however, they did not, he would pledge himselJ to bring it forward on an early occasion. The youth of the honorable and learned tho Attorney. General had been objected to also repeatedly. If he was not much mistaken, the honorable and learned member for Argyle, when he was Solicitor- General, was a much younger man, boing only 23 years old ; and fire or six years afterwards that honorable and learned mem- ber was made Attorney- General. He remembered him well ; a fine slashing young Irishman as ever came to the colony, and not only young, but full of what the Macarthur and Macleay parry in those days considered the wildest theories as to the people's rights. He had fought the battles of his own country at home, and they wero quito alarmed when he came here. ( Hear, hear.) It was, however, impossible to find a public servant who had passed through a difficult position in so blameless a manner. (Hear, hear.) He also remembered the honorable and learned member opposite (Mr. Manning) when he was chairman of the Quarter Sessions 20 years ago, he was quito a youngster. He was still, blooming and fresh, yet he had been long enough in service to acquire a pension of MIOOú a-year. He, at least, was as young when appointed as the honorable and learned member the Attorney-General. Then there was Judge Dickinson, whom they saw on the Deneb : he was not many years older than the honorable and learned member. Sir Alfred Stephan, too, was not more than 23 or 20 years old when made Attor. ney-General of Tasmania. Sir William Grant, I before he was called to tho bar, was Attorney-General of Canada at 20. William Pitt urn* Premier nf ttno?»n,l nf 35\. (Hear, hear.) He hid adduced instances enough to show Mr. Martin not too young bul more could be brought forward. The next objoe. tion he had to make, was ono arising from the conducl of the bar. The barristers had complained the rights and privileges of the bar had been violated in the ap. pointaient of the honorable and learned member as attorney-general. Now, ho had looked with care into tho Constitution Act under which they sat thore, which he considered ought to be theirguide. ile could not find in it one word about tho attorney- general being a bar- rister, or tho solicitor-general either. (Hear, bear.) He, for one, would never consent to creato monopolies of any kind. A country to bo free roust possess no class privileges whatever. The proper test of fitness for office should be intelligence, industry, aud virtue ; but there was nothing in the barristers' petition against the virtue of the learned member. (Hoar, hear.) There was another matter he also thought proper to allude to. It wa3 unfortunate the honorable member for the Nor- thumberland Boroughs ( Mr. Nichols) should have been placed in the position of Auditor- General, whilst for Solicitor-General he was well fitted. The only reason j why he was not made Solicitor-General was, because the ' barristers would not consent. ("No, no.") No, then : he was glad to hear it. Why, then, did they riso in a body against the honorable and learned member, Mr. Martin, and where was the infringement of their rights and privileges made in his case ? (" Hear, hear," and cheers.) Was it, then, only that honorable and learned member, or only men of peculiar views who wore to be assailed ? iHear, hear.) Mr, DARVALL said the honovable gentleman was under a mistake. It was true that the har hud objected to the appointment of the honorable momber (Mr. Nichols) to that office, but not because they were un wi I ling ho should take thut office. Ho (Mr. Darvult) would not havu been provented from taking tho office of Attorney-General with that honorablo member as Solicitor-General. CHenr. l Mr. P.OBEKTSON : Then he was at a loss to under- stand why they opposed the appointment of the honorable and learned member. If tbe lights and privileges of the bar would not have been violated by thu honorablo member (Mr. Nichols) how had they boen violated by the honor- able and learned the Attorney-General ? (Hear, hear.) He hoped tho honorable and learned gentleman opposite would answer that. (Hear, hear, from Mr. Darvall.) He thought ono of tho leading public offices should not bc held back from any class or body of men. Tho only proper influence necessary should bo tho ability, in tlustry, and in fact the general suitability of the party to fill office. He would nevoreonsent to malte ttie country a fattening ground for barristers or any other class of men; but would let tho best men toko tho first posi- tion. What did tho barristers complain of, and what were their claims ? Ho found in the petition the name of the honorablo and learned member (Mr. Plunkett) and Mr. Isaac and Mr. Broadhurst-they had been offered the post of Attorney-General, There was also Mr. Lutwyche, who had since accepted o iii ce, and had surely nothing to complain of. Then there were Mr. Manning, Mr. Darvall, Mr.Holroyd, Mr. Faucett ; all thoso gontlemen were well-known opponents to the present government, (hear, hear,) and would they have accepted tho office ?-certainly not. (Hear, hear.) The whole thing resolved itself into this, that the nine other gentle- men were to determine the question who should govern the country. Ono of the other names attached was Mr. Murray's; that gentleman had only lately landed in the country, and he had never seen him or heard of him. Then there waa Mr. Blake ; such as theso ought not to rule the country, for they had no claim to tako olfice. Then come Mr. Wise ; that gentleman was well known in England, but this country knew nothing of his claims to govern. Then followed Mr. Meymott, Mr. Detfell, Mr. Pring, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Milford, and Mr. Butler. If theso nine gentlemen say they aro to determine what body of men shall govern the country, then certainly responsible government has become a farce. (Hear, hear.) They had a right to say, wo will not have thoso gentlemen ; the people knew nothing of them, yet they in effect claimed a right to put tlieir tlmmb on our new liberties ? (Hear, hear.) He thought tho house might have been spared the observations made by the honor- able member for the Stanley Eorougbs about tho wealth of the members of the late govornment. He regretted the honorable member had thrown out that hint. This he knew, and believed the country would bear him out in the statement, that if the honorablo member at the head of tho government had devoted the same time during the last 13 years to his own interest i which ho had to the interests of tho country I that taunt would not have been thrown out. (Hear, hear.) He did not know whether the honorable the Colonial Secretary was a rich man, but ho might have been richer if he had spent thoso 13 years' labour on himself instead of devoting it to tho conntry. He thought the honorable and learned member for Argyle must alriady feel sorry for accusing tho honorable gentleman of place-hunting, and that he must feel grieved at making such a taunt, which was unworthy of that honorable and learned gentleman, who had held office during half a dozen governments, and who had never served tho country an hour without being paid for it. He felt quite sure the honorable tho Colonial Secretary could not be accused young person of selfish motives in t tiring office. (Hear, hear.) From some expressions that had been dropt hy- the honorable and learned Attorney-General.it had boen supposed that honorable members would countenuoce the idea that the present government would entry on tho business of the country, though they might be in a minority. He thought that would be a very improper course, and he hoped they would do nothing of the kind. (Hear, hear.) He thought the honorablo and learned member had made an unguarded expression, for he could not imagino any worse principle thau that a majority should be governed by a minority. Ho, for ono, would never give his support to a government of a minority. (Hear, hear.) He believed the honorable tho Colonial Secretary would havo a majority, anil if not, he hoped that ho would not take the conrse taken by tho late bend of the government, and dischargo road-parties and have drafts dishonoured sent up to pay the men. 3Ir. DONALDSON" snid the honorable gentleman made on unauthorised statement, and ho did not care who was his authority. Mr. ROBERTSON thought tho honorable member ought to be obliged to him. Ho was sure he was accused of doing this by tho country and by his corres- pondents. Were the checks dishonoured or not? The men at any rate wero discharged on tho roads, and were discharged before the government resigned. He thought that when the chocks were dishonoured, thc honorable member being an efficient pnbh'c officer would know something about it. He honed the government would put forward measures in reference to the hind, to the amendment of the constitution, to progressive improvement, and to economy in the public service, not by reducing to starvation point, but by the abolition of useless offices. If those measures were not carried I lie would advise the honorable the Colonial Secretary to dissolve the parliament. Some expressions had been j dropped as to the right of recommending a dissolution I or not; he intended to use his right to offer that advice, j tThe honorable member who moved the resolution before I th« taosa hud. apoken eloquently and rightly too as»inst the, minority carrying <w tho government, ll*» said that the majority of tbe'epTOsentatrves of tho pennie ought to govern, ne (Mr, Robertson) said SQ too, (Hear, hear,) When two punies were so equally balanced that neither could carry on the government, it was time to appeal to another authority. If neither party could carry on the government there must be wrong somewhere, and the right of appeal was to the people themselves. If the resolution were carried, for that reason the Governor. General should be advised to dissolve the bouse. Ko doubt his Excellency would take the constitutional course, and follow the advice of his ministers. It had been said that if they were to appeal to the people, the present administration would come back weaker : be it so, so that the will of the majority was taken : he would be content. Let this mntter be put to the test, whether they come back weaker or not. (Hear, hear.) The only objection to a dissolution was that it would take up the time of honorable gentle- men, but they should think of that. (Hear, hour.) The ministerial elections would take up tbreo weeks, and a month altogether would be sufficient to appeal to the people, when he hoped that some honorable members would be got rid of, put out to grass (hear, and laughter), so that they might be freed from those acrimonious debates. The honorable gentleman (Mr. Donaldson) had thought proper to speak with contempt of the press. Even that very evening he bad done so, and had spoken of communications written by some un- known scribbler in the city. Ho had been at one time connected with the press, and knew that no portion of it was so base, as to admit communications of the kind alluded to, and that not one would allow his paper to be a vehicle of such unwar- rantable and disgraceful nroceedinas. Objection* j liad also been taken to tba policy of tba government or their tarill'; he for one, although an agriculturist held the opinion that there should bo for all a fair field and ! no favour, no protection for one class at the expense ol another. Ho certainly should not vote for that policy ; there was no mistake about that. (Hear, hear.) Hut, the honorable the Colonial Secretary was not the only gentleman who had made error. The honorable gentle- man late at the head of the government had made a proposal for a tax on widows and orphans, whilst other j proprietary classes were to go scatheless. ("No, no," from Mr. Donaldson-" a succession duty."; Tho honorable gentleman was hairsplitting now; a succession duty was nothing but a special duty on tho property of ! widows and orphans ; thereforo tho lato members oí tbe government were really not so pure themselves. (Hour, hear.) Another honorable member of the government had proposed a measure for the special pro- tection of cotton growing at Brisbane. He did not know why the people engaged in that trade should have that advantage more than tho flour growers elsewhere. There was another matter in the supposed policy of the ministry which had been objected to, and that was the price of land. He was astonished to find the honorable member for Parramatta-whom he lind always looked upon as aa oracle on the land question-expressing it as his opinion that to lower the price of land would bo to depreciate the security of tie public creditor. Now, for his own part, ho apprehended that if reducing the price of land would have that effect, to curry out the same line of argument, the only thing they had to do in order to increase the security was to double the upset price of tho land. (Cheers.) The land question was one which he thought the honorable member for Parra- matta was well up in, and thereforo ho was astonished to hear thu honorable gentlemun uttering such a doctrine. Those were tho reasons which he had to give for voling against the motion now before the house. (Cheers..) Mr. DONALDSON, in explanation of what had fallen from tho honorable member in reference to the discon- tinuance of labourers on the roods, stated that us the honorable member at the head of tho government was aware, tho money voted for the repair of tho roads in ln.ij> and 18S0 amounted to so many thousand pounds. Mr. Collet, the surveyor for tho Northern Roud, oxceedod the estimate for that line by about .£6000. That was before ho and his colleagues took otee. While that was tho case, it was necessary to nut the Western and Southern Hoads in a proper condition ; and, consequently, necessary to prevent tho funds appor- tioned for that purpose, being applied to tho repairs of I the Northern Road. Under these circumstances, it was necessary for Mr. Dawson who was new to the oftice, who had received matters in n very irregular condition [ from Mr. Weaver,-to tell Mr. Collet that the works on I the Northern Road could not go forward. Tho works were * therefore, put a stop to, as they wero so much in excess of the sum apportioned to be supplied to them, until the government were authorised by a vote of thu house to expend a farther sum. Mr. ROBERTSON : He bad made no assertion which ho was not prepared to provo. Part of tho duty of Mr. i Collet, the surveyor on the Northern Road, was to send ' in weekly abstracts of the work done, and of tho ac- counts. Mr. Collet continued sending in those weekly accounts for a month. These wero taxed as correct, and checks were sent up for payment; and thoso cheeks were dishonoured. Now, would tho honorable gentle- man explain that. (Hear, hear.) Mr. ARNOLD : He could not but think that this de- bate would last fur too long. In his opinion, he thought it ought to have been concluded on Friday evening last ; and he thought so for several reasons. He thought country members should not have been put to tho in- convenience of remaining for the decision till this time ; and it was undesirable that the country should have been kept in suspeuse with regard to the decision of tho house on this motion- for whether the debate had been finished on Friday evening last or wero finished to- night, tho decision of the house on tho question would not be by debating, but by voting-and honorablo gen- tlemen opposite were as well aware on Friday evening as this evening of the support they possesed, and which they were aware they possessed when they resigned their seats. (Cheers.) He did not rise for tba purpose of replying to tlio speech made by tho honorable mem- ber for the Lachlan and Lower Darling. That speech was not replied to by the honorable gentleman who had just sat down, and he supposed for the samo reason as ho himself would decline from replying to it-and that was because there was nothing in it to reply to. (Cheers.) When ho inquired where the arguments brought forward by the honorable member for the Lachlan were got from, he thought it would be necessary to resort to the echo resorted to by many pub- lic speakers and writers-the echo which answered where ? unless they were got from the echo that sounded through the caves of Dondeloch. They had heard a great deal about precedents. The honorable gentleman who brought forward the motion-though ho could not allow the claim the honorable gentleman made for his great modesty on that occasion-gove expression to the doctrine that responsible government was only to be carried on with the consent of a majority of tho repre- sentatives of the people. It seems that this was an idea hit on by Mr. Pitt, in 1733 ; but notwithstanding tho authority of the honorable gentleman opposite, and tho authority of Mr. Pitt, and also tho authority of Mr. Pox, ho (Mr. Arnold) was still at a loss to see that the prece- dents quoted were applicable to the case before them. Because the circumstances of England ut that time, or at any time, or within their recollection, or at least within the recollection of older men than himself, had been so entirely different from tho circumstances of this country, that no analogy could be shown to exist between them. In the first place, under the English constitution parties were defined- In England it was n question of measures not men. In tho formation of a new min s'.vy it wai known what wore thc kind of mei s tres a certain set of gentlemen were likely to pro Eound, and the support likely to be given was not ecause of thc men composing the ministry, but on account of tho measures they were likely to produce. Now, the motion was founded on ono of two things. It was founded cither on the Irind of measures likely to emanate from thc ministry or on an aversion to the persons constituting the government. Now, with regard to tue precedent in tne matter as atlecting a ministry, it they were to be judged by tho lund of measure« they were likely to produce-for it could not be said thut either the present ministry or the last could be judged by the measures brought forward-because no time had been given them to bring forward any measures of im- portance-ho would quote one from the proceedings of the House of Commons. On the occasion of Sir Robert Peel coming into power, Lord John Russell, when taunted with not bringing forward a motion for a vote of want of confidence immediately on the ministry being called to power, said : Tho right honorable gentleman had called apon the house to express its opinion by some direct vote of want of confidence. Kow, lie begged the house to recollect tlie ground on which tile right honorable gentleman had stood ever since the formation of the government was that though the honse might not give tho rninUtry implicit confidence they were entitled to a fair trial-to be allowed uu opportunity of bringing forward their measures. If, then, a direct vote of want of confluence had been brought forward, he put it to tho right honorable gentleman opposite whether they irould not hare said to the Opposition-" You now preclude us frita being heard ; you wont to condemn 113 without trial; and to reject our reform», before you nre able to jndgo of them. ' He (Lord John lin,-rill) for ono. nould not expose himself to th»1 chance of receiving such an answer, but he was willing to wait foi- the time and hour when the gentlemen opposite would bring forward those great measures of Keform which they had promised. It would seem the honorable gentlemen who constituted tile opposition in this house were not actuated by such sentiments as those expressed in the speech of the noble lord. They were not particularly anxious to deal out justice with the impartiality therein expressed, or they would wait to see the measures of the ministry before calling on the house to condemn them. Now, with re ' gard to precedents, we had na hesitation in saying that he thongnt them o? little value. He thought preceden!» of tai*, kind did not possess tho vaine that it wm sought to attach to thom j and very probably for th» reason he had stated. But there was another principia in matters of this kind by which they should be guided -it was a principle that was intelligible, and which they could understand,-it was a principle which was appli. cable to this country, though brought, os a precedent' from England,-and it was a principle which every man' possessing the characteristics of Englishmen could un. devstand and appreciate, and that was the principle of fair play. (Cheers.', He thought that principle bad btea departed from by honorable members opposite on thu occasion. (Cheers.) Now, what was it they were called on to do ? and ho would there observe that it hal been attempted to prevent them judging 0f the resolution by the «peech thnt was made in introducing it. Now he maintained that the résolu, tion received its whole colouring from the speech by which it was introduced (cheers) ; and if he were correct in that opinion the resolution was nothing but a direct attack on the honorable and learned the Attorney. General. What then were the charges brought against the honorable audfleomed gentleman ? Why, he never heard of any charge being brought against him. (Cheers.) It had been stated that a committee of tint house had been appointed some eight years ago to in. quire into a charge against Mr. Martin for having made a false declaration ; and they had been told by the honorable member for_ Murrumbidgee that the com. inittee were unanimous in coming to the conclusion that the false declaration had been made by Mt. Martin, Noir, his (Mr. Arnold's) opinion was-and ho thought it was an opinion in which ho would be joined by the majority of that house and of the country also-that there was not a majority of the committee in lavôur of the report _for ho maintained that Mr.Wentworth, who dissented from the report of the committee, ought to have outweighed the whole of the other members of the committee. (Laughter and oheers.) For his own part, he would attach fur moro weight to tho opinion of Mr. Wentworth than to that of all the other members of the committee together. However, all that they knew with respect to the matter was, that whether the charge was made or not, it was never substantiated, and the whole proceedings wero upset. When the whole matter was fresh in the minds of tho public ; and when the disgrace, if there were any, wns fresh on tba honorable gentleman, he returnod to his constituents, and they expressed their disbelief in the charge by re-electing him. (" Hear, hear," by Mr. Plunkett.; In spite of the " hear, hear" of the honorable gentleman behind him, hs mointoined that the re- election of Mr. Martin on that occasion was a striking mark of the confidence the constituency of Cook and Westmoreland placed in the honorablo gentleman. Tho honorable and learned member (Mr. Plunkett) had told them that tho constituency was of the rotten borough description, and that the electors were at the beck and call of some honorable centlemen who lived in that part ef the country. He (Mr. Arnold) und never heard that asser. Hon made before, and ho thought it came with a very bad grace from tho honorable and learned gentleman who made it-and who told them that a certain gentle, man residing in that district of the country could, if he chose, return a broomstick, and had done to. Now, whether the honorable und learned gentleman referred to tho honorable and learned tho Attorney-General, or bis colleugue, or not, ho did not know ; but now that Mr. Martin had succeeded in taking his place at the bar, the honorable and learned member for Argyle would, find what kind of a broomstick ho was. If the honorable nnd learned gentleman referred to the other honorable member for Cook and Westmoreland, he should have said that he was not at any rato a counterfeit coin of the kind that after being refused in Sydney and several other places was brought into circulation in a distant quarter in the south-western parts of tho country. (Oh, oh, and cheers.) The honorable member for Cook und Westmoreland was elected by gentlemen to whom ho was known, and that was not tho case with the ho- norable and learned gentleman who mada the charge. (Hear, bear.) The charge against Mr. Martin had never boen mado before; but he (Mr. Arnold) had no hesitation in saying, that at tile time Mr. Martin was accused of making a false declaration, there were other gentlemen in the house who did not possess a valid qualification. (Cheers.) It was a fact, he believed, that Mr. Martin was not the only gentleman who sat in the house without a fair qualification (cheers), and he believed too that the declaration Mr. Martin made, although it might have been to a certain extent incor- rect, he believed there was not attached to it any of tho moral wrong which would constitute it the kind of offence it was now desired to represent it. (Cheers.) It appeared improbable, becnuso Mr. Martin had no diffi- culty in finding a qualification by which he was enabled to toke his seat afterwards. (Cheers.) He did not stand there as the defender of Mr. Martin. Far from it. He merely stepped in to speak in regard to this matter, because he felt that Mr. Martin Ind bees unfairly treated. (Cheers.) He did not know any man if he were to take the sentiments the honorable and learned the Attorney-Genornl had expressed in times p ist, as an index of his political opinions for the future he knew no honorable gentleman from whom he mora differed than from the honorable and learned the Ai tor ney-General. He was no private friend tither of tho honorable and learned gentleman. He had never slept under his roof ; nor sat besido his hearth. He had no sympathy -with the honorable and lonrned gentleman if he wore to take the former expressions of his opinions as any guido to what his future conduct was likely to be. Neither shonld ho now bo desirous to seo all tho duties of Attornoy-General imposed ou Mr. Martin-those duties which were so well performed by tho honorable and learned member for Argyle pre- vious to the introduction of tho system of government under which they now lived. Tho duties of Attorney General now involved different operations. Formerly tho Attorney-General, as well as other members of tho government, was altogether irresponsible; but now the case was entirely different, and he had no doubt that the honorablo and learned gentleman (Mr. Martin) would bo found to perform the duties of his high office as uprightly and faithfully as the honorable and learned member for Argyle, during the long period he held that office. Indeed it was impossible to believo that the honorable and learned gentleman, feeling that the eyes of that house and of tho country were on him, would bo guilty of any malversation-of any im proper conduct in the office in which he had now been placed. (Cheers.) Buttha charge made against him was nothing more than a chargo, for it had never been proved-(cheers)-nor were there any honorable gentle- men prepared to prove it. (Hear, hear.) And was the ¡ honorablo and learned the Attorney-General, he would ask, the only honorable member of that house against whom such charges had been made ? (Hear, hear.) He believed there were gentlemen on the other side of the house, and on the government side of the house aHo, against whom equally severe charges had been made. (" No, no," and hear, hear.) He would refer honorable gentlemen opposite who cried out " No, no," to their favourite ¡oin nal the Sudatu Morning Herald, in which ono member of tho opposition lind boon accused of murder and suicide. (Great laughter.) 1'he honorable gentleman (Mr. Donaldson) laughed as he was engaged in one little military affair; but he was not the only gentleman against which strong charges had been made. For in- stance, the honorable member for Argyle had been charged with nothing less than murder; but he (.Mr. Arnold) did not say he believed tho charge, for he re- garded the ono in tho same spirit as tho other. He did not believe Mr. Martin was a perjured man, though a chnrge of that nature had been brought against him; and no more did he believe that the honorable and learned member Mr. Plunkett was a murderer. Tba charge had been frequently made of late-and it was no joke- against the honorable and learned member. In fact, at the time of the recent elections, the country was ringing with it from one end to tho other-that English- men, living under the constitution of England, had been tried twice for the same charge-that on their first trial they wore acquitted, and yet were tried a second timo and condemned to death, aud were murdered. Such might have been tho case, he could not tell; but he stated the matter ns ho had heard it. However, ho believed the one charge just as much as he be- lieved tho other. Well, thero was another case which had happened more recently, he referred to the case of Lakeman. The charge was made-and nothing but tho charge was mado against Mr. Martin. Well, thero was a man possessing the sympa- thies of the whole colony rotting in gaol, and under such circumstances he ought not now to be there. Whether the charge against the honorable and learned member for Argyle in that matter wero true or not ; but in regard to the continued imprisonment of the person ho referred to, a deep -responsibility rested somewhere. Now if the charges rando against the honorable and learned the Attorney-General were nothing more than a mere charge-if it were one of those charges that were matters of mero report affecting private character-and he was surprised to bear the honorable gentleman who aspired to the high position of Speaker of that assembly say that priv8ti| character was to be raked up to any extent-ho would treat the charge with the contempt it deserved. If they were to have their private characters raked up to any extent, let them set about it on an extended scale ; let them appoint a select committee to inquire into the pri- vate character- not of one member, but of every mem- ber-and of their wives and daughters too if theyj liked, ni report-l»n< do «ot }e\ the» haye imputation* ad, xinaed by honorable memeei* from one aide of the ion», »nd immediately on «ny honorable mem, 1er returning tho compliment he stopped by those honorable members who set the example, (CbeerB.) They have bad one amusing quota u'oa read in the course of the debate, and ie would give another, which he thought would be con- sidered better far than the long extract read from « Kabelais." At any rate it was from an author much better known in this country-from the works of Sterne -and he would apply it to the charge against the honorable and learned the Attorney-General : Revenge from some baleful comer, sba» level a tide of disho- nour it ttiee, which no innocence ut heart not integrity of cuu djet »boll «et right. The famines ut thy home shall totter-thy character, -.vhich led the way to them, shall bleed on every side uf it-tby faith (luesiioned-thy works belied-thy wit forgotten. _thy¡earnjug trampled on. Tu «iud up the last «cene of thy eitfedy. CKUKLTY »nil CoWAiinicK, twin ruffian*, hired and »et unbyMitici: in the dark, hhall etrik« together at all thy inlli-mi lies and mistakes :-the best of ila, my dear lad, lie «pea there . anil trust me, tru«t me. Yorick, »lien, to qualify a private anne! Vit, it is one« resolved upon that an innocent and helpless Crea- tore sholl be sacrificed, 'tis un easy matter to pick up ntick.i enough from any thicket where it Las strayed to -nuke a lire to itfer it nj) with. .'Yorick scarce ever heard this sad vaticination of his destinv read overt« him but with a tear stealing from his eve, ando prcmissory look attemliug it that he wa» resolved, for'the time to time, to rido his tib with more sobriety;-Hut, alas' too Jue!-a grand confederacy, with « . » . . an,i « . . . * at die head of it, w o« formed before the «rat prediction of it. The »hole plan of attack-just as Eugenius had foreboded was mit inexécution all at once,-with so little mercy on tile side of th« lillies,-and so little suspiciou un Yorick of what was carryiug on «jiunrt him-that when he thought, good easy wan !-full »urelv ^referment waa o ripening,-they hail smote hi» root,-and then ce fell, as mauy a worthy man I mil fallen before him. Yorick, however, fought lt out, with all imaginable gallantry'* And lie thought the honorable gentlemen composing the late government should have done so too. (Hear, hear.) " for «orne time ; till overpowered by numbers, and worn out at length by tile calamities of the war-but more so by the un- generous manner in which it was carried on,-he threw down tile sword; and, though he kept up his spirits in appearance to the lust-lie died, nevertheless, aa was generally thought, quite broken-hearted." Kow, he could see he had read a little too far ; because, notwithstanding that he believed the resolution was founded in nothing but malice-the sort of motives alluded to in the passage he had read-he questioned however long the attack might be earned on against the honorable and learned member for Cook and Westmore- land-whether he was likely to break his heart. If the opposition succeeded in putting him down now, they would soon find him rising up agsin to occupy the first positions in tho country-(cheers)-and that their own puny efforts against him would recoil on their own heads. He should not take up the time of the house by alluding to the case of Mr. Martin's appoint- ment ; because it had been shown that Mr. Martin would not have accepted the office of Attorney-Generul if it had not been refused by the honorable member for Argyle-and be agreed that there could not have been a better qualified gentleman for the office than the honor- able and learned member for Argyle ; but while he held that opinion-and while he expressed it, he was willing to do justice to one honorable member as well as to another-(cheers),-he thought that when the honorable and learned member (Mr. Plunkett) refused to accept the office the honorable member who hald his Excel- lency's commission to form a ministry, wu« not bound to go through the mambers of tho bar and ask whom he ciight to appoint. (Cheers.) lie should regard it as more unfortunate than Mr. Martin's appointment, ttough he were ten times more unlit to hold tho office than it was even attempted to represent him, that the carrying on of responsible government in this colony should be made dependent on the occu- piers of one small body of men. (Cheers. 1 Now, it seemed there had been some little difference of opinion amongst honorable gentlemen forming the op- position with regard to tho form in which the resolution should be brought forward ; and it was eventually put forward in the form in which it was likely to catch the greatest number of votes. It was not denied that some difficulty had been experienced in coming to this con- clu-ion. He believed the first proposition was directly a vote of censure, either upon Mr. Martin or upon the ministry through Mr. Martin. The speech of the honor- able member for Murrumbidgee wai evidently prepared for that ; and probably he had been, like many other honorable members, too indolent to alter it to suit the form of resolution eventually agreed upon. ( Hear, hear.) Arid although he admitted that speech was made with very considerable ability, ho should take occasion to deny what the honorable member tool; credit for namely, modesty. Not from the circumstance of his being a young member, which he deemed of very little consequence indeed, nor from the circum- stance of his representaling a constituency of some score of cattle and sheep stations in some part of the interior where bunyips and other strange animals exist. (Laughter) ; but because he had come to that house, and said that there was not a spot in his character, und that there was nothing in his past history which he wus not prepared to vindicate. The mau who would do thnt wns not tho mnn to speak of his modesty. He (Mr. Arnold ) should not do this, or if he did, lie should consider himself either more or less than a man ; and in either case ho should consider himself unfit to hold a seat in that house. And although tho honorable gentleman had told them that he had not been the instrument of others iu bringing forward this motion, he (Mr. Arnold) thought he wus justified, from a great variety of circumstances, in coming to the same conclu- sion to which a very great number of persons had also come,-that the honorable gentleman was .in unconscious instrument in the hands of others ; that fie had been a mere cat's-paw, und that though he had succeeded in getting very few ehesnuts from the lire, he had succeeded in getting his fingers thoroughly well warmed, (llenr, and laughter.) Tho most important part of the resolution to consider was its effect. Tho time of that nssembly had been taken up with numbers of discussions of us little consequence us this, and the country had looked on with disgust at the scenes which had taken place there. (Hear, hear.) No work wus brought forward by one ministry, nor per- mitted to be done when it was brought forward by another. ( Hear, hear.) Honorable gentlemen opposite hud been very indignant when it was stated that they wished to «.me hack again with greater power. But what was their object? There were but two parties ut present in the house who were able to carry on tho government. (Cries ot' " No, no.") Honornblo gentlemen opposito nad been unwilling to curry on n government with a majority of two ; and they now found that the best government which could bo formed had been formed (cries of "No, no," from the opposition^, unless a coalition hud been tormed. He believed he was per- fectly right; and it had been so understood on the other side, or else why did they advise his Excellency to send fur Slr. Cowper ? He contended that if the late ministry would not carry on the government with a majority of two, nor permit the present ministry to carry on with a minority of two, there wa3 but one alternative-that which honorable gentleman opposite so much depre- cated, the dissolution of the assembly. He did not know any other if the party which had declined to carry on the government would not permit others to take their places. (Hear, hear.) The honorable and learned gentleman against whom the principal attack had been Made would, a short time ago, have been received with open firms by honorable gentlemen opposite, nnd one reason for his ( Jlr. Arnold's) distaste for that gentleman wns the sort of superiority which he had always been ready to assume-n banring participated in by honorable gentlemen on the other side of the house. They were to suppose that the intention was to exclude from the cifiices of government nny one who did not belong to that select body called the aristocracy. Why it was called the aristocracy he could not imagine. (Hear, hear.) What was the colonial aristocracy of which they heard so much and felt so much too? (Hear, hear.) It was not founded upon those feel- ings of veneration which they felt for the real aristocracy of England. There was no man who felt greater veneration tor that aristocracy than himself, for they had conferred on the country greater advan- tages than could be counteracted by any bad effect which they could produce. In this country he objected to any- thing of this hind, because it was not founded upon the '??ce considerations ns was the cass at home. It waa a pseudo aristocracy here. (Hear, hear.) The very menn- ing of the word had been perverted by long use. lt was nat founded Mr. PLUNKETT called the honorable gentleman to order. He wan now going on the assumption that some person had spoken of an aristocracy with a view to raise a distinction in that house. He had heard the debute irom beginning to end, and he had not heard one word «bout aristocracy. He had not seen any one such a fool as to drnw such a distinction. (Hear, hear.) Mr. ARNOLD did not know what purpose the honor hie and learned gentleman had risen, but he presumed he had a right to make use of what argu- ment he wished, unless contrary to tho rules of thc house. It seemvd to him that irregularities were frequently committed in that house, and those irregularities were committed by gentlemen of long exi*rience, who should set » better example. He was I coin; to say with regard to this body that he had always tasen the idea that the honorable and learned Attorney General was in some way attached to it. and on thot account he had always had a prejudice against him ; for there wasnot a body which was less entitled to consi- deration. It was not founded upon any cf those consi- derations which entitled it to their estimation ; it was t»ot founded, as at home, upon old lineage, or connected YÍHU gre« de«,»!» j UTO not oven founded «po-« great wealth enabling Va great deeita; bu, it wai founded, upon (he ruo,-*, miserable, the most paltry, and the most pitiful considerations,-npqn nothing else hut tho «nt of the coat, Ilia fall of tba neck-tie, or some trick of millinery, by wh'oh the embroidered shirt-front was shown to the best advantage over the pink transparency. He was entitled to allude to a body of that kind, as well as honorable members bad to allude to other bodies which bad been mentioned in that house. The chninber of commerce, for instance, hud often been alluded to; and it had often been asserted that the interference of that body was growing beyond that pitch to which it was desirable it should be permitted to go. The interference of tbe club had also been referred to ; and he did not know but what this club wus a sort of type ol the aristocracy to which he had alluded. (Hear, hem-.") And the last body whieh had now stepped for- ward to interfere with the functions of the legislature was the legal body, whieh seemed very nearly to have stopped the formation of a ministry nt all. Therefore he thought they bad a right to allude to these bodies. Now, if this resolution of the honorable member for Murrumbidgee intended to have reference to the ability of the present administration generally to carry on '.be government, ho would remark that he thought they would individually bear comparison with the members of the late administration. Ho did think that the house. -or at all events the constituencies which had constituted, that house, and the country generally, had quite as much faith in Mr. Cowper ns in Mr. Donaldson. (Hear, henr, from Mr. Donaldson.) The only thing the latter honorable gentleman had been remarkable for, in his habits of business in that house, wus his power ol' speaking. No doubt he had a very great power of speaking, of occupying the time of the house very con- siderably, anil making very amusing speeches ; iu fact, he was a li rs t-rate after-dinner speaker ; and when he (Mr. Arnold) came into the house it was always with a fenr he should be guilty of impropriety-that whilst listening to the honorable gentleman he should begin to cry out " He's a jolly good fellow." (Laughter.) Slr. Cowper had certainly boen always remarkable for his attention to public business, for the practical nature of his talents. (Hear, hear, from Mr. Donaldson.) He had been a most industrious member of that house before he had the opportunity of undertaking one of the great offices of the country; and even during the short time Ito had been in office, he (Mr. Arnold) believed that as far as it was possible to do so, he hud given very great satisfaction to the country. Ko doubt his opportunities had been very limited. He (Mr. Arnold) admitted that ; but if honorable gentlemen opposite anticipated any failure on his part, why should they not wait till the country hnd become disgusted with his ministry, and then take their places. (Hear, hear.) He should say nothing as to the ability of Mr. Martin ; he bad said enough of him, and had only to remark further that he believed there was no one in tbe house more titted for the duties of tho office he held. (** Hear, hear," and ?. No, no,'' from the opposition.) But Mr. Campbell had been made a butt by honorable gentlemen opposite. Remarks had been made by them with reference to that honorable gentleman which could only be characterized as impertinent, although they objected to the use of that term. The honorable member for the Sydney Hamlets had alluded to tho honorable gentleman as a magpie, whilst tho honorable, and learned member for Argyle bad said that he should BB soon think of seeing Punch and Judy put in office, us of seeing Slr. Campbell in the position of Colonial Treasurer. It appeared to bira (Mr. Arnold) that the most that could be said against Mr. Campbell was, thut his appointment hud not fulfilled tho expectation of the country in this respect-that he was not as much better than any other person who had held the office as it had been hoped. Dut he had no hesitation in comparing him with any other person who hud held tho olfice-either with Mr. Iiiddell, Mr. Macarthur, Mr. Warren, or Mr. Holt, nnd he was inclined to think he was the best Colonial Treasurer we lind had. (Henr, hear, from the Colonial Secretary.) Then, with regard to Mr. Murray, he did not think that thero was any one, on either side of tho house, if lin calmly and cundidly made the comparison between that gentleman and Mr. Nichols, but would admit that wc had now, certainly comparatively, the right man in the light place. (Hour, hear.) Ho believed tho filling of this office was a difficulty with the late government, and if they were to succeed to oflico again, they would meet with the same difficulty again. It was almost im- possible to make uny comparison of the merits of tho measures nf the two ministries. It was impossible for a person like him,-who hud come to the conclusion to support that ministry which brought forward measures which ho thought best calculated to benefit tho country, -to come to any conclusion us to which ministry ho should support from the meusures which had been brought forward. Hut ho could see nothing, from the little glimpse they hud hud of the policy of the late ministry, to lead him to suppose that their policy would be satisfactory to him or to the country. Their lund policy was nothing but a continuation of the old system which had been universally reprobated. (Hear, bear.) Then thero was their proposed export duty on gold, in which none ol' them probably felt the slightest interest. He should like to know why there wus no export duty proposed on w*ol nnd tallow ; and why the disger wm to he taxed, while tho squatter, who held the land on far easier terms, was to be exempt, fl lear, hear.) Ho thought the present ministry hud shown grout wisdom in omitting this (enture from the gold bill. Uut the most singular part ol' the affair was tho comparison ef the measures of the two ministries in which honorable gentlemen opposite had indulged, when they said that while the old ministry were swimming or rather sinking, committing suicide-the now ministry came by and stole their clothes. Now if they meant by that that the now ministry had adopted the measures ot' the old one, how was it they found so much fanlt with them. It seemed to him that it was not the fashion of tho garments, but tho beauty of the figure on which they were worn, that wus taken into consideration. They did not perhaps sit so jauntily on the present ministry as on tho last. (Hear, hear.) His support would be given to good measures ; and undoubtedly it would give him considerable satisfaction if those measures were introduced by persons whom he considered most fit to hold office; hut whoever held office, it Would not be from any consideration towurds them personally but from a consideration of those interests of, tho country which he was sent to that house to attend to, that his vote would on any occasion be given. lie-fore he sat down, he would just state,-as other honorable gentlemen had done so,-his opinion of the course which ought to be pursued ; and as much indulg- ence had been given to honorable gentlemen to read extracts from country papers,-a course he by no means considered improper,-ho should take the liberty of reading nn extract from one or two papers from the different extremes of the colony. Tho pnper he would qnoto from first was tho Armidale £.Tj>rcss. It wus as follows : There is mmp talk of a powerful and concentrated opposition to the Cow per ministry, directly the Parliament meris, but we cannot perceive ettflirlent grounds to warrant such n conclusion. Tbe knowledge that, if Mr. Cowper linds it necessary to appeal to the country, iii o generul election for support, hi* call would be promptly responded to, will doubtless act on the minds of the few hot-tempered niomben. lille oil upon troubled waters. We trust there will lie found no necessity for snell a step : but, in the event ni any opposition arising upon such ridiculous Lases aa liavo been lately laid down by tho opponents of the Cowper ministry. Mr. Cowper will only have to recommend the dissolu tîon of tho Assembly and au appeal to the couutry to ensure his position. Now, linving gone to the extreme north for one opinion, he would go to the extreme south for another, lie would take the Goulburn Chronicle, which was no doubt a pnper advocating the present ministry. Speaking of tho rumour that a determined opposition would be made to the ministry, it said, We »ny this ls smart practice. But it is perhaps the only course of tactics thnt gives the Donaldson-Mncartinir coalition the ghost of a chance of returning to the fie^i-pots of ¿opt. Without any policy of their own, it is natural thcv should dread the development of a policy on tiip part of their rivals. The cnutrn»t between a ministry who could not tell what t» do, and solved the di luculty by determining to do nothing, and a ministry with a definite set of principles, and prepared to take immediate and energetic action, would be too damacing. And it is to avoid this that the first Prime Minister" asks'his faithful friends and followers to support him iii a prompt assault upon the Cowper Cabinet. lt is not impossible that ho may succeed. So many men nf fair professions, untested by any actual political history, sought putdic honours at the last election, that it was next to impossible the constituencies should not in some instances be deceived in the men they chose. Some got into the honse under the guise of liberals, who are now better known than they were then. Let Mr. Cowper advise a dissolution, if he has to encounter a mere factious and unprincipled opposition. The dejay will be injurious to the public interests, but less so than the possession nfofHefl by men who have not a single great reform to initinte. The people are with liim, and he can safely discense with the support of clubs and coteries, it will be a useful leeson to teach thorne gentlemen that petty cliques are not the arbiters of the destinies of thin great colony. Give the constituencies another opportunity, and tiley will correct the mistakes they made last time. This was from a paper favourable to the present minis- try, but he would now rend from a poper of the opposite tendency, which had supported the late ministry. This was from the Goulburn Herald : The new ministers are neither romes cor fools. They rocke professions that, if carried out. will heneñt the colony. And. nltbongh we had no band in putting them where they are. und certainly regretted to see the vacancies created which they were called to fill, we cannot perceive any reason for FUbjecticg the country to a further delay nf public business, which would result from a premature opposition. Mr. Donaldson resigned need- lessly, and bis friends cannot with any reason, desire that Mr. Cowper should be turned out for the simple object of restoring the stain» anf *p*o. Thnn far from the two extremes cf the colony ; and he believed nearly every paper which found its way into the librar)- of that house h,»4 take« tho «awe view, and ho belieiod publie opinion pointed to dissolution of tho house as tho only way of solving this extraordinary difi fiouliy, Vor his own part, notwithstanding tho observa tiou which was, made the other night, in a sufficiently audible manner for gentlemen of that side to hear that there would be changes in the consti- tuency which he represented,-a constituency which no doubt had returned men who in ability and in many respects made him feel painfully his inability to advunce as he should desire the interests of that part bf the country,-he had no hesitation in saying that when he appealed to that constituency, even if it were to-merrow, if they rejected him, it would only be to return some one of more determination to support those reforms which the present ministry showed a desire to institute. (Hear, hear.) He thought it very desirable that they should ns soon as poss.bla get through the present dis- tasteful discussion-a discussion which could hardly be carried on without personal allusions very unpleasant and very undesirable. He had not exceeded what ho believed his duty in this matter, he had not made personal allusion to give pain to any one ; and if he had said anything in the course of the discus- sion that had had that effect, it had only heen from the conviction that he should state plainly those feelings which ho entertained, rather than that he should tako »ny opportunity of stating them when those to whom they referred were not present. This was a course which he hoped he should never resort to. If charges of this kind were to be made, be agreed with the honora- ble member who brought forward the motion that it was better to make them directly ; but ho dilfered from him in this-thut they should make those charges against a certain member of the administration, and bring forward a resolution which was intended to be damaging to the who'o ministry, but was made the vehicle of a personal attack against one of its members. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DARVALL was almost disgusted in having to prolong that already too- protracted discussion ; but, at the same time, he could not refrain from expressing his opinions on the matter belora the bouse. And he rose, first then, because he was anxious not to follow the honorable gentleman at the head of the government, but that that honorable gentleman should have every advantage in the debato-and that no ono but the mover of the resolution should follow him. (Hear, hear.) The discussion was a painful one ; but it was one on which he, for his part, would not shrink irom express- ing an opinion. And if, while doing so, his views on questions of morality should clash with those of other honorable members, he hoped those who heard him would judge between them. (Hear.) He thought that house was fast losing the respect of the country by the tone which had been adopted, and at the cutset, he would say, that looking at the present character of tho two administrations which had been formed, he thought a atong line of demarcation could be drawn between them. (Hear, hear.) He regarded the motion before the house as a direct charge of want of confidence in the ministry-(crieB of " Ho I no !" and " Hear, hear")-based on charges which they might or might not be able to answer; and looking at the materials and composition of the ministry, he believed it was one in which neither the house nor the country could placo confidence. ( Hear, hear.) This being his opinion-and tho opinion, ho was convinced, of a very great number - the government had no right to complain of so early and satisfactory test being applied to their strength. There could bo no doubt that the sooner such a question was disposed of tho better. (Hear, hear.) Honorable gentlemen liad made a very great virtue of refraining from what they were pleased to call personal allusions. He admitted that thero was always great pain in personal allusions ; but it was quite a fallacy to say that this was a question of men ami not of measures. In a matter of this sort, it was impossible to draw a distinction between the two questions. The honorablo gentleman whose 1 conduct had been more particularly alluded to during the discussion had pursued what appeared to him (Mr. Darvall) to be n most unwarrantable course. Hu had made a most violent-although ho (the honorable and learned gentlemim) would admit a most eloquent speech in justification of himself before even he was attacked, and had then-very unlike tho hero of Kars to whom he had alluded-retired before a return blow could bo struck. It would have been much better for the honornble and learned gentlemnn to have remained in tho house and listened to whut was said of him. His absence from the bouse- whatever he might think of it-had certainly dono him moro harm than good. And when he spoke of tho Attorney-General, he spoke of him ns tho mouth-piece of the ministry-us ono who was speaking from them to the house-as ono who had been cheered on by the honorable the Colonial Secretary, and as une, therefore, whoso sayings they lind a right to regard as those of the government collec- tively. (Hear.) Tho honorable gentleman who had last addressed the house had deprecated all scrutiny into the conduct and diameters of members of that house. But he (Mr. Darvall) maintained that the ¡ views of the honornhlu member were fallacious, and that every member of the assembly was fairly open to scrutiny. He had heard it said in England that in this country tho word " honour." was seldom used-that it never entered into tho spirit of an argument- or the discussion of a question. And certainly observations like those which had fallen from the honorable member were calculated to support such an opinion, and lo be productivo to the country of much more harm than good. What! should it be said that the characters of honorable members would not bear scrutiny ? Would not the country suffer by such a suspicion going forth as that? (Hear, hear.) Would not honorable members themselves suffer when it was known tlmt while holding their seats as honest and upright representatives of the people, they were not prepared to have their conduct sifted and their honour tested ? He repeated that the country would suffer more nt the hands nf honorable members who shirked the responsibility of judging of character than it would from those who looked upen public men as public property. The honorable gentleman who lind last addressed tho house had alluded to other matters entirely without foundation, and calculated to préjudice this country in the eyes of nations. He had talked about tho aris- tocracy, but he (Air. Darvall was not aware that there was any class of tho community who could bo so desig- nated. Hut he was aware of a class of persons of that mushroom character to whom any superiority on the part of others was most distasteful. And ho would tell tho honorable gentleman that, if over the word aris- tocracy had been introduced, it was at a time when a few gentlemen were determined to put an end, if possible, to that polluted stream of conviction, which was at the period llowing into this country. (Hoar, hear.) Leaving that honorable gentleman, he would next for a moment address himself to tho observations of the speaker who had preceded him. That honorable member (Mr. Robertson) had commenced his remarks in gooil feeling and lind, indeed, nil through Ins speech showed n desire to alloy nil existing irritability of feeling. That desire wns deserving of nil commendation at a limo when party feeling ran so high that it would bo very difficult to bring together in that house those elements out of which a good government could be constituted. He felt regret that the honorable gentleman at the head of tho government did not consent to lend his assistance in somo subordinate position when requested by the leader of the lute administration, for he (Mr. Darvall) was convinced such assistance would have been rendered the honorable gentleman had he been called upon to form the first ministry. Hie honorable gentleman (Mr. Arnold), in carrying out his nrguments, had even attempted to justify matters which had been admitted by the honorable and learned Attorney-General himself to be irregular, but which it bad been attempted to justify under the peculiar circumstances of the case. The honorable member had alluded to the charge which wns made against Mr. Martin, with reference to his qualifi- cation, and had laid down the extraordinary doctrine that ns the committee who sat upon the mutter did not come to a unanimous conclusion as Mr. Wentworth had not agreed with them, the decision they arrived nt was an erroneous one. liut if such a style of argument as that were to bo sanctioned, where would be the uso of committees at all, and what would be the value of trial by jury? (Hear, hear.) The ethics of tho honorable member, however, were peculiarly his own-and he would find no one to agree with them except his honorable friend (Mr. Forster), who had said that public sins, undiscovered, were not sins at all. (Hear and laughter.) Mr. FORSTER denied having given utterance to such an opinion. Mr. DARVALL said the words of the honorable mem- ber were in his own recollection, and he had no doubt in the recollections of many other honorable members in the house. The honorable gentleman's words were to the effect, that sin which escaped punishment ought not to be regarded as sin; and this ho (3Ir. Darvall) maintained wns holding out an inducement to crime. He did not think the honorable gentleman intended to co so far, but so he had stated his opinions. In answer- ing the legal objections to Mr. Martin's appointment, arguments had been adduced which he (Afr. Darvall) considered indefensible. He would not allude to the case of Mr. Graht^-wbo, by the way, although not a member of the English bar, had been called to the Canadian bar, but would take up that part of the argument which had been more particularly directed against himself, and which was to the effect that he was prepared, in the last administration, to become Attornej.General, nUh Mr, JfiehoAs, as, Solicitor, ' General, nlthooßh that honorable gentleman wa-, only an attorney, He admitted that he was-arni ho admitted, -moreover, that the Queen hail the right to make the appointment of attorney-general and solicitor-general as she pleased. But at the same time, he thought a neces- sity for deviating from the general rule should be pointed out. While baying this, he did not go the length of saying that he thought the ministry should go all through the bar before making the appointments of attorney-general and solicitor-general out of it. Such an idea UK that would be absurd, inasmuch as the head of a government had, in making bis appoint, inents, not only to look for ability, but support. (Hear, hear.) Holding these views, he was surprised to think that the honorable the Colonial Secre- tary should appoint as his Solicitor-General and mouth- piece of tile government in the Upper House, one scarcely known to the country, and who a few weeks ago had expressed Iiis detennination not to go into the upper house. He (Mr. Darvall) was of opinion that the course which had been taken by tho Colonial Secretary with regard to this particular appointment so far as his position in the upper house was concerned, was highly objectionable. It was not right to that august assem- bly-(" Oh," and loud laughter)-to send into it, as the representative of the Government, one who had previously refused to enter it because of its nominee character. (Hear.) He did not, as he had said, think that the head of a government was bound to go through all the bar with his appointments ; but, on thc other hand, there were many young and ambitious men in the profession, and this being the cuse, the honorable gen- tleman should, when he found it impossible to get a j barrister for Attorney-General, have come to the con- clusion that there must be something in hist proposed ! government unsatisfactory and distasteful. At all events, i there could be no doubt that the honorable gentleman had done wrong in appointing as mouth-piece of the government in the upper house one who had publicly expressed his disapproval of the entire constitution of that chamber. (Hear.) He attached very little impor- tance to the circumstances under which Air. Martin was called to the bar when Attorney-General ; because even if he had been called before his appointment, he would still, upon taking the office, have been the youngest member of the profession. (Hear.) And although he (Mr. Darvall) had signed tho petition with the other members of the bar, be had done so simply because he regarded it us a petition for enquiry. (Hear, hear.) The honorable gentleman at the head of the government had fortified himself with a certain document, which he ( Mr.Durvall) considered ought never to have been brought into existence. The Chief Justice, it appeared, had given an opinion on the subject, and that opinion the honorable gentleman had seen fit to promulgate upon the hustings. Now, he (the honorable and learned gentleman) took it that a judge was one who, filling the highest judicial functions, should, in his public capacity, be \ . ond the reach of any man who might venture to approach him. He should certainly bo unapproachable on a question of law, except in his own court. These being his views, he thought the opinion in question ought not to hive been given ; and even if it were given, ought not to have been promulgated. (Hear.) Ho was quite sure that the honorable and learned gentleman who had been appointed Attorney-General would ba an ornament to the bar; and he was quite sure also that the bar ought not to possess nny privilege which did not work well for the interests of tho country. They might-Hunmanocapiticervicem pictorequinam jüngere sivelit et varias inducere plumas undique collatia mern bris ut turpiter atruin desinet in piscem mulier formosa superno spectatum ndmissi risum teneatis amici ? (Hear, hoar.) And he was quite sure-the honorable gentleman must have smiled himself when he thought of the incongruous elements with which he wonld hnve to deal. He was dealing with those who would not feel attached to him by one link of sympathy, either political or social. Indeed the very support he received to-day might, to- morrow, be pushed against him if ho refused I to carry out the extreme views of his coadjutors. (Cheers.) As to the objections which had been raised against remarks upon the character of tho honorable and learned member for Cook and West- moreland, all he (Mr. Darvall) had to say upon that point was to repeat his opinien that the chrtracter of the people's representatives was public pro- perty-and it was the duty of that house to tee that no man was put in a high position when the public would bo likely to suffer by his advancement. (Hear, hear, hear.) The honorable and learned gentleman had made an admirable speech in his own defence; and as that address had, during its delivery, been loudly cheered by tho honorable the Colonial Secretary, tho house had a right to look upon it as the speech of tho government. (Hear.) The honorable and learned gentleman com- menced by attacking, in the most unmeasured terms, nil those who were opposed to him in political warfare. He was, he (Mr. Darvall) repeated, cheered on by tho hono- rable the Colonial Treasurer-patted on tho back by the honorable the Colonial Secretary-until he was led to tho length of threatening all those who ventured to oppose Kim. What did the honorable gentleman mean by that? Such a threat ns that was unparalleled in our parliamentary nnnnls. (Heor, hear.) Did tho honor- able and lenrned gentleman mean by it that nil those who opposed him should bo subject to his vengeance? Was that their responsible government? Was that their liberal ministry? Here was ono member of n govern- ment threatening ulterior measnres towards those who ventured to oppose bim-and there was the minister at the head of that government cheering and inciting him on. (Cheers from Opposition benches.) All this was scarcely creditable ; but after nil it was possible to believe anything after on honor- able member had deliberately stated to tho house, that he intended to chango sides in consequence of the speech of the honorable nnd leai-ned gentleman. (Henr, hear, and laughter.) What would bo said of a judge allowing nn opinion he had formed upon tho merits of a ouse to bo suddenly and entirely changed by a speech from un interested advocate? He was lost in the mazes of this political dishonour prevailing on all sides. But he too!; tho honorable gentleman who had so suddenly turned round ns a fair sample of tbose who were likely to be influenced by the threats which had been thrown out, to adopt a course of which in their con- science they disapproved. Political degradation could go no lower than that. (Hear, hear.) And, ngain, he would ask the honorable gentleman at tho head of affairs, was that the kind of support of which ho could feel proud ? That single vote might diminish the majority against him by one ; but that vote would be regarded by tho country as utterly valueless. (Cheers.) Coming to the second branch of the honor- able and learned Attorney-General's speech, he founj that it consisted of two or throe English law cases, out of which the honorable and learned gentleman had en- deavoured to get some nnnlogy which would apply to his own caso with respect to the original qualification. But the illustrations did not apply. He (Mr. Darvall) had looked into the precedents adduced, and found they had ali been misapplied. The first related to tho return of Mr. Roebuck for Hath in the.ycnr ""t. Tho objection taken to that honorable and learned gentleman's qualifica- tion was that it was taken during the election, hut before tho close of the poll. That objection was overruled ; and so far as he (Mr. Darvall) could see, the illustration boro no comparision with the case of the Attorney-General. The next case was that of Lytton Bulwer, which how- ever bore no analogy whatever to that of the honor- able and learned Attorney- General. The third case was that of Mr. Duffy, who openly stated that he had obtained a qualification for the purpose of getting into tho house. But what did wo lind here-why the law of this country provides that the property with which a member qualifies shall be bona fide bis own property. Ho would ranko a few observations as to the proceedings in reference to the qualification of the honorable and learned Attorney-General. His qualification was inquired into, and on tho day appointed for that inquiry he declined to make his appearance before the committee. Well, the report of that committee stated that his qualification was colourable and collusive, and his seat was therefore declared vacant ; and although he subsequent); obtained a verdict in the court it was not because the committee had done wrong but simply on account of the way in which they carried the affair out. They had no right to shirk from the performance of a dtity in making an inquiry as to the character of the present Attorney-General or of any other public man. And although there were private affairs that did not come within the scope of that honse, still he considered it a matter of great importance to the country that a high tone of public character should be maintained ; and that no mau should be suffered to hold office who had ever done anything to which a stigma could be affixed. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that all violations of truth would always meet with public condemnation. But when they saw the office of Attcrney-General placed in such band?, what would be the consequence to the country'- (Hear, hear.) It had been said that the Attorney-General did not possess powers of a dangerous character; but he maintained that that functionary did possess enormous powers, indeed he might, as the grand jury of the country, send the whole of the members of that house to trial ; and he would say that instances were not wanting in the history of England, where innocent men were put npon their trial at the dictum of an Attnrney-benexol. They would there- fore see that the threats which had been used by the honorable and learned Attorney-General, were not idle j ones. An honorable member on the other aide of the house had said that thc motion was a mere cloak to I cover an attaek, upon tho ehaTaeter of one individual, »n<î ' that therefore ho felt jusMec, in abandoning it after having promised to support it 5 he (Mr, Darvall) could, not tiee how tho honorable gentleman could draw so nice a distinction that he could pretend in the first instance to support tlte motion believing it to hs a vote of censure upon the ministry, and then could turn his Lack upon it because he behaved it to be a vote of cen- sure upon an individual member of the ministry. If it was improper to condemn an individual member of the ministry, how could it be proper to condemn the whole ministry including that individual member. However, it was his opinion that the honorable the Colonial Secre- tary was responsible for the formation of the ministry, and ought therefore to answer for them (.hear, hear, from the Colonial Secretary). If his honor- able friend did not mean to defend the character of bis colleague, ho ought to refrain from his in- terruptions. What did the honorable nud lem ned gentleman mean by his threats ; if it was not his inten- tion to carry them out, why did he make them. Did he mean that he would use violence towards the members of that house. Then, again, he (the Attorney-General) admitted that he had improperly attacked the character and conduct of the lato Attorney-General ; and then afterwards he made a virtue of apologising for the gross attack which he had made upon that honorable and learned gentleman. It put him in mind of the forger who when found guilty of that offence pretended to treat the matter lightly by saying that he had only been guilty of a breach of the commercial code. The honorable and learned Attorney-General simply said that he had " gone too far !'* whereas, in truth, he had charged Mr. Plunkett with offences of the gravest cha- racter-offences of such magnitude as, if true, to unfit that honorable and learned gentleman for a seat in that house. was it only " going too far," to make chnrges against the character of Mr. Plunkett which would, if true, have been sufficient to blast his character. (Hear, hear.) The Attorney-General wa« not at that time a party to the matter in dispute-his blood was not up,-so that no excuse could be mad« for his thus lying in wait to i slander an honorable gentleman, and characterise him as writhing under the sting of having sought a fellow creature's blood. If the Attorney-General were satisfied, us he now stated he was, that he had said too much, why did ho not apologise in time, and not allow such statements to remain before the world so long, to the injury ofthat gentleman's I emulation i ni h's feelings ? Why reservo his pitiful apology till an opportunity when the avowal of it might serve himself, and possibly assist him in retaining the office of Attorney-General. Jt should have been made long long ago. And now he came to tbnt part of the Attorney-General's defence in which visiting cards, the club to which he was not ad- mitted, and the friendly groeiings of honorable mem- bers wero made to perform their parts, was it in keeping with tho high position of the Attorney General of this colony that he should thus attempt to maintain that office at the expense of all social ties? He suppssed they must in future have visiting cards printed on purpose, headed " Nb prejudice," and with a note-bene, " Not to be used a second time, or for any other purpose." (Laughter.) He for one did not con sider Mr. Martin's conduct had been such as to exclude him from the company of gentlemen. He (Mr. Darvall) did not regret leaving his card at Mr. Martin's, or that he voted for him at tho club, but theso wero very different matters, indeed, to upholding his fitness for the high and dignified position of Attorney-General, a position he contended infinitely more (responsible than that of the Colonial Secretary. He now came to the conclusion of the honorablo gentleman's speech, in which ho appealed to the house not to crush 11 i MI . Was it becoming in nn Attorney-General to make such an appeal, to appeal to their mercy ; he ought rather to have appealed to their justico, personal feeling was tho very last t» which he should hovo appealed. Was it for tho Attorney-General thus to sue for pity to tho country; it degraded him to be obliged to do it, and it was worse for the house to bo intluenced hy it. A great part of the sentiments of tho Attorney-General had been echoed hy the honorable member for tho Southern Boroughs. Ile had described in the most glowing terms the inten- tions of tho ministry, and what they would do, but had not enlightened tho house as to how they wero to do it. They had played on tho credulity of their nltdienco by promises there was very little probability ot being per- formed. Emigrants were to bu brought out, and when here were toenjoynll tho blessings of education, butit was not pointed out ho»- that was to be brought about. And in this stylo of alternate bombast and menace the Attorney-General had been seconded by tho honorable member for the Southern Boroughs. He had spoken of himself as the soaring eagle and of his opponents as crawling reptiles, though not showing in what the like- ness consisted on either side. That honorable member and tho honorable Colonial Secretary were the first to bring in a bill praying that those who wore guilty of ranking rt false declarations of qualification should bo subject to all the pains and penal- ties of perjury, and yet they were the first to speak of tho necessity of appointing Mr. Martin to tho office ol' Attorney-General. If there lind been any such necessity the honorable member for Argyle had stated ho was ready to hare taken office, but he contended there wns no necessity for the honorable member for Sydney taking office at all. He believed there was not the slightest desire, on tho part of thu late ministry to return to office, j nnd his honorable friend had his sincere sympathy for having to sustain, in addition to thc fatigues of office, so strong an opposition. As had been already pointed out, his honorable friend tho member for Sydney and his colleagues differed very widely on many points, and it was only surprising persons holding opinions so op- posite should ever have como together. The only ques- tions they had touched upon were-one of finunco, in which their scheme was condemned on all hands, and ono of Crown lands, of which they were afraid to speak. lint tho honorable gentle- man himself know very well his ministry could wot stand; no ono thero had more experience than that honorable gentleman, and he could not but know it. After all, the Electoral Act was the battle-field on which this question would bo fought out. (Hear.) He would now call the attention of tho houso to a debate which had occurred before tho prescitt Electorni Act carno into operation. The question was the number of members to he returned for Sydney, nnd whether population was to be tho groundwork of representation-a principle which he (Mr. Darvall) had always, in some degree, ad- vocated. Speaking of tho honorable member now nt tho hoad of the government, tho Attorney-General spoke as follows Mr. THOMAS HUSDEX rose to order. It had boon formerly ruled that reading from a newspaper a pin of a former debate was out of order. Mr. DARVALL : Tho extract was one of groat im- portance, it was a« follows : He could woll understand that when the representativo govern- ment was introduced imo this colony, in 1W13, that was a memo, rallie era in tho history of this colony. The whole history of the council from that timo to th« period when wo sent homo tho bill for the New Constitution had been one of endeavour to secure to the colony all tho benclits of constitutional government; and they had beeu successful ut last. [So, no-Itoir, hour.) We hud now established that government necuirdy, and he tm&tod;, that, notwithstanding the otrorts of ruction, OM a solid and permanent basis. (Cries of hear, hear ; and cheer* ; No. no, anile tho reversed The era to which tbe lionornblo and reverend gentle- man had alluded as one of so rninarkuble a character was charac- terized by nothing so much us for a coalition which no body could have anticipated for an object which was too little to possess anything of a tangible natur?. Tho honorable and reverend member had taken tho honorable member for Durham under bis protection. In tile anticipation of that good time coming, which lin believed was looming very far in tho misty distance, when thnt democracy which was so much admired by the honorable and revnrend member was successful, ho (Dr. Lang) had bespoken for his friend, the honorable member for Dunham, the oflico of the Colonial Secretary, lie had undcrtakeu to point out tho pecu- liar fitness of his honorable friend for that situation. Hut what did it consist in? Did lie possess those great abilities? It did not consist in great attainments Ht all, not in tho possession of great intelligence, not iu tho avoldauce of all that was little, and the love for and adherence to all that wita great and noble-not in nny of those great qualities which went to form an eminent and efficient stateamau, lint, according to tho words of the honor- able and reverend member, his honorable friend would bo elected merely because he was eminent us a cobweb sweeper, and a rat-bole stopper. C.iunlincntions of snell a nature might satisfy tbe honorable and reverend member and his batch; but he did not think tile public nf the colony at any period would be likely to select their statesman by such a test. Now that was the opinion of the Attorney-General not long ago, delivered, he supposed, with the the same adherence to fact which ought always to mark the speeches of honorable gentlemen. Ho would give them his opinion on thc subject of thc honorable members for Sydney. IX tho honorable and learned gentleman did not change his opinions and net up to them, it would be very difficult for him to agree with his col- leagues : He (Mr. Martin) tlid not wish to undervalue the honorable mendiera for Sydney, but he dbl think that nothing peculiar could have been seen in those gentlemen that their votes should be neutralised. Those honorable gentlemen may undoubtedly represent twenty tistes tho number of electors which was represented by other honorable member*, but that they possessed twenty times the intelligence he was not prepared to admit. Ile thought he might go further without making a rash assertion. If he were tu tmggest the pot~ii bility, not the probability, of tue> electois to have made a better choice. Whether that wa« possible or not thc public could deter, mine. He (Mr. Martini was one or those who took on active part, when the Constitution lilli was before the Council, in opposing the concession of any greater number of members to Sydney than four. Ile believed he had taken the most active part in that respect, and un act that he had ever doue within the walls of tbet Connell did he approve of so roach as that act. (Henr, bear.) Now wan it possible the honorable gen tleman (the Colonial Secretary) could reflect without pain upon bia present position, allied BS he was to material* of that character. It was a great misfortune to the country, and he looked with fear to the result although not withouthe-pa-thatau attempts «nia-. irQilnotion of parties aim porty government e«me so. scon. it would have teen better, as he had alway* mic? < and thought, if the old government eonhi have carried on the government of the country un tit"; they had been replaced by an element formed by ripen- ing circumstances with the progress of the colony. (Hear, hear.) He had no doubt it would have been, heater, and had always said so, if they had carried it on-but he . supposed it was impossible until some party should havo been formed in the house upon well-recognised principles and who could have turned them out and taken otfice. (Hear.) Instead of waiting for that however,, a strong desire had been manifested to form parties and go in:o oflice, so as to be like the English Constitution.. And out of that insignificant and meaningless attempt nt imitation, u large amount of turmoil and confusion .> had misen ; and it appeared to him that certain honor- able gentlemen would introduce this turmoil and cou fusiwn nt all hazard. They had found it necessary to - introduce party feelings and to break up the house into . parties before the country was prepared for diem. Upon the matter of the constitution thero had been no ?. political difference at all ; in fact, honorable members were prepared to support the late ministry on that > subject. In all assemblies of that kind thero - would be found men TO whom tranquillity was odious-men who to obtain notoriety, must lead' the house into party brawls and party feelings. They bad been told that the atmosphere would! be cleared by this political stream of party ; he boped it might, and that those elements of corruption would sinfc. to their level, rind be carried off on that stream, forty feeling was quite n mistake altogether. And although there were parties in all assemblies, there would be . found amongst them men of desperate fortunes, mea.' with a total disregard to all moral feelings, who. I were ready to attach themselves to any party ia power without regard to the political principles by which« such party was guided. Such parties ought not to be recognised in any well-ordered assembly. Those.feel- - ings had been brought about by an ill-woven ambition ia < persons willing to gain an undue influence With such . a spirit before him, what was tho probability which hi» ? honorable friend (the Coloniul Secretary) hud of secur- ing tho welfare of the country. Jt could be of little matter to him, whose well-secured hmo was certain morally and physically to raise him in the estimation ol' the whole colony : he would bo sure, under those cir- cumstances, to te placed in a high position with power - at his disposal, one day or other. (Hear, hear.) . He did not desire that if tho ministry were beaten that night, to see the honorable gentleman (Mr. Cowper) go> - out ofoffice. It was hardly permitted to him tootler an opinion-he had no right to assume the position of an adviser-but he should bo much better pleased to seo soma measures introduced which . would bo of benefit to tho country-(hear, hear,,)-if he were in the position to do so. If < I ho were in a position to introduce better measures than the late ministry lot him do so ; ho should find the raeautres of the late ministry to be good for the country and he introduced those measures, that was a better' - reason why they should support him. Hut if ha and his colleagues with their wild scheme of taxation, or their scheme for tampering with tho public lands, attemptod to come before that house, apon chose motions they would certainly be turned out of: office. (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Darvall) did not think . those measures were approved of by the honorable tho - Coloniul Secretary but that he was driven to bring them, forward by his colleagues. The last thing the honor- able gentleman ought to attempt was tho dissolution of the assembly ; it would only havo . .the effect of putting tho country to additional ex-, pense. If there were any rcrrl-party cry-some great constitutional questions upon which the assembly was. equnlly divided-to go before tho country, such a courso i would bo excusable. For instance upon the land ques- tion-ona party was for reducing the price to 5s. an acre, and another was for maintaining theprice at iiOtum acre-and parties wero equally balanced in tho house, then »nd then only, ns a last resource, Bhould a. dissolution of tho assembly bo advised. Then ; those who attach themselves to tho tail of a party merely for tho sako of tho profit» . ! of office would bo disappointed, and the poople would appreciate the good sense of thoso members who lixd j remained faithful to their interests. Let his honorable friend think there was a higher duty to perform than I attending merely to thc wants of his tail; ho had bin duty to the country to perform ; ho hail to show that that was far above the interest and gain ef office. (Hear, hear.) If they did not withdraw « tho objectionable measures, how were they to escape from the difficulty and degradation which awaited them. It was almost a degradation to seo the tirno of the country wasted iu that manner, and ho hoped no more of it would be wasted. (Hear, heir.) Ho personally had done with thoso matters ; ho lind no desire to form a part of nny ministry ; it was a thank- less office, and one that he had never aspired to, and only undertook it as a duty imposed upon him. And he was sure that was tho feeling of. the honornblo gentlemen who had composed tho late ministry. ( Hear, hear, from the opposition henchee.)^. ? Tho present was not a motion to bring back any parti- cular party to office, but merely to have a sot of men . forming tho ministry in whom tho public would feel' confidence. (Hear, hear.) He (Hie Colonial Secretary) was not expected to go out of office or to resign on. this motion ; let hirn bring forward Iiis mensures nnd upon: them remain in or go out of office. If tho measure«, of the ministry were better and more comprehensive than thoso of tho late ministry-or if thc measures of" the lato ministry were found conducive to tho good of the country-let them be brought forward, nudthey (tho opposition) would most certainly support them. (Hear,, heur.; Mr. FORSTER referred in explanation to a remark:, mndu by the last speaker. He had not said that a erimo was not a crime until it lind been discovered. He had. ? culled.on that honorable member to delina the difference between private offences nnd public ones. He was bound to believe he bad misunderstood tho honorable gentleman, but considered hom the attention ho had paid to him. when speaking, that the misunderstanding looked like a misrepresentation. (Hear, hear.) Mr. JO.VES said, before ho proceeded to tho matter betöre the house, there wero one or two points ho wished . to advert to. Ho certainly could not fail to bo struck with the inconsistency of the speech of tho honorable and learned member (Mr. Darvall), and tho conduetof the mover of the resolution before tho house. Thai1 honorable member (Mr. Darvall) seemed to think that if the motion were carried, thero was no necessity for thc ministry to go out, nnd expressed n regret that any- thing should tnhe pince to compel them to go out. if thoso were his sentiments, ho could not understand hoar ? he could voto for tho motion, nor how the ministry could remain to carry on tho business of tho country. The honorable gentleman's draughts of inspiration were drnwn from a different sourco from his, if h» thought the ministry could sit down under such aa imputation as tho resulution conveyed, and carry on tho government. If he (Mr. Darvall) would so sanetkrn tile principle be hait put forward, and vrxs willing to give them a trial, why did EM not vote against the motion ? (Hear, hoar-) True, ho said ho would put them ottt on their measures afterwards. ( Hear, hear.) HeeouM not understand how the honorable nnd learned member co.ild so reason ono way, and vote another. Tftsc honorable gentleman had made n good deal of the throat of the honorable and learned attorney-general, Ho van. not prepnred to defend tho terms that were used, but ¡ia ho understo:d it, the honorable and learned member did « not convey nny threat personal, or official. He helíevad. thnt he intended to convey, thut if honorable gcntlem¿e . voled agniast him he could not longer remain ass tlia personal friend of nny of them, (hear, hem-,) thai ho . believed was the true construction. Although ha admitted that the honorable and learned member ueeJL language that had been tortured from its meaning io - give a completion to tho resolution, that was that meaning he intended to convey. (Hear, hear.) It wa« nil very well for honorable members to say they dis- regarded his threats, tut so fur as he understood thecr, . little valour wus required to do that. Thc honorable - member (Mr. Donaldson) had also said he . could see no prenter degradation than being influenced by such threats, thereof implying they would' stultify their consciences, if restrained on any oih-a ground, from not voting for the resolution. IC in tb» coarse of his observations, he should take a wider raaga than usual, be trusted the house would grant him tia same indulgence ns bsd been accorded toothers. <HÚZX-" hear.) In the course of observations made during the debate, it seemed as if honorable members wer* anxious to detach the conduct of the late ministry from, thc present one. He did not Bee how they could faa severed, if they took into consideration the eireaiis stnnces that invoked them to assume thc reins of paveen Their conduct could not be separated from that of tba gentlemen they succeeded. If there were anything ras pi opcr, irregular, or unconstitutional in their assump- tion of po« er, the responsibility ot that laid with xii« gentlemen opposite to thom, rather than with tlieniseiwec (Hear, hear.) Those honorable gentlemen deserted thar potts unwisely, and unnecessarily. Tho course of event* was not such as to compel them to relinquish thar seats. It hod hce-n advanced by them that thief. did not command a majority of the votes. I of that boase, but thc totes did not warrant that tian, Events, thad; had taken placo did not deprive them .f that working majority, hut incapacity to nae it, He waa not n^posad,tq ga i«to tlie question how tho late ininiatry tool, office, He only alluded to-it now heoause it led to a practical blunder-for beoause they prema- turely assumed office, those complications complained of took place. If they had held office with those with whom there was some political affinity, that would have been a reason for supporting them in that house. But some honorable gentlemen were over-anxious to assume the functions of government, and owing to that, many of the differences BOW existed, and were mainly due to such eagerness. (Hear, hear.) Sut while on that point he could not but allude to the taunt as to the course the government had taken in accepting office without a policy ; another honorable member (Mr. Don- aldson) had boasted of that, as if tbeie had boen some high-minded course on his part. He was sorry to say he was not yet aware as to their course, in taking on themselves the functions of government without taking a direct ministerial responsibility. (Hear, hear.) His main objection to that course was, that before assuming office, before the parliament had met, they had per- formed the highest functions of government, not the ordinary ones, but they had created a second branch of the legislature before they were in a position to do so. (Hear, hear.)- There had been a violation of constitutional principle, when they were not officers of the government at all, when they assumed functions of so weighty and ministerial a character. But whatever might be thought or said of the matter, there had never been imputed to them any discreditable motives, but he would say, that he believed that not one of them took office from any discreditable motives, but some of them at considerable personal sacrifice. He should now come to their conduct after they were in office, and would refer to two questions : the vote on the position of the judges in the upper house, and the vote on the depart- mental arrangements ; and he maintained that instead of factious opposition, or a want of desire to give them a fair support ; that instead of being beaten on those points: instead of their resignation being due to those causes, it was due solely to their incapacity. He believed he should show that, and carry with him the sense of the house. He was satisfied that if the late government, instead ol letting the vote go as they j let it go, had entered on a vindication of their conduct, stated their grounds fot appointing the judges to seats in the upper house and justified themselves in doing so, some of their friends would have moved the previous question ; and if that had been done, instead of being in a minority of one, they would have had a majority of from six to a dozen, (Cheers.^ For his own part he would have voted for the previous question ; and though he entertained doubts as to the appointment of the judges to the upper house, yet he thought that, under all the circumstances of the time, it was not necessary the vote should be recorded ; because the only conclusion that could result from an adverse vote would be, the resignation of tho ministry-for he concluded that under a vote of an adverse kind, on such a matter, the ministry had no alternative but to resign. To his astonishment many of the honorable members who supported the motion said they did not intend it ,as a vote of censuro on the government; and did not wish, though the motion were carried against them, that the ministry should resign. He did not join in that opinion, because ho thought tho ministry in such an event must resign, and the sup- porters of the metion ought to have been prepared for the consequences. He did not charge the ministry with resigning after the decision of the bouso in regard to the appointment of the judges; but he contended that it was due to the house, to the members of tho late ° ministry themselves, and to the tinner house, that they should have made an explanation. If they bad done so and entered on a vindication of their conduct, as they ought to have done, their resignation would not have hap- pened-there would have been no cause for their re- signation. (Cheers.,) With regard to the subject of departmental arrangements, the honorable gentleman had only to took back to the votes in the beginning of the session, and they would find that they bad alarge majo- rity of the house with them. Many voted with thom on that occasion as a mark of their confidenoo and satisfac- tion with the ministry. Looking at that fact-that they had that vote with them-he held it was unwise of the late ministry to come and put such a motion on the paper as the one which led to their resignation. It ap- peared to bim that after what they did the ministry had no alternative but to deal with the question ; and if they were not prepared to act, they had only to submit tbe question to the house. If they hid taken either of tho courses he proposed, they would have escaped the bare majority they ob- tained. He believed that if instead of withdrawing the resolution, at the last moment, they had accepted the larger terms of the motion he proposed, that the majority of one or two would have been converted into six or a dozen. He believed that if any gentleman would review the conduct af the late government ho would be com Îielled to come to the sonclusion that the position the ate ministry found themselves in arose altogether from their incapacity to manage the house, and not from any factious opposition. (Cheers.) If they_ wore not satisfied with the support they received from the cross benches, and come to the conclusion that unless they received moro consistent support they must resign, then they ought to have called a meeting of the honorable gentlemen. (Crise of " No," " no," "yes," " yes," and cheers.) Such he understood was the practice followed in the mother-country by the government in regard to mombors whom they found to be lukewarm in their support. If that had been done here, and the ministry had entered into an explanation of their conduct, and heard an explanation from the honorable gontlemen who occupied the cross benches, and been lold by tbem tbat if they were desirous o receiving their support, the ministry would require tc act with more judgment and common senso than they had previously displayed-such a mutual explanation would, he thought, havo resulted in securing such a majority as would have enabled them to carry on tho government Looking at the fact that the lato ministry were charged with having prematurely assumed the roins of govern- ment, they ought not lightly to have resigned them. Now the late ministry well knowing that their resigna lion could not but bo attended with much inconvoniencc to the country, he held that the responsibility of the members of the present ministry accepting office rested not on thoso honorable gentlemen, but on the honorable gentlemen opposite. (Cheers and counter cheers.) While on that point he would allude to chargos as to the course the opposition took in regard to tho late ministry. Ho might not have troubled himself to allude to the matter, becauso he regarded those charges as tho staple claptrap of party warfare. But one honorable gentleman hud recently, when he returned to his constituents to be re-elected, taken occasion to vindicate himself from tho charges of being actuated by factious motives, and the honorable gentleman did so in an ungenerous manner. (Hear, hear.) Tho honorable gentleman said, that whatever might be said of other honorable members ho at least had not acted in a fac- tious and vindictive spirit. (" Heor, hear," by Mr. Cowper.) Now ho would Uko to know tho feelings that separated thc gentleman at tho head of tho government from those who acted with him previous to tho resigna- tion of the late ministry. If the honorable gentlemnn had reason to believe that ho had not acted from factious or vindictive motivos, he had equally good reason to know that all who had given him their sup- port-all who were unconnected with tho govornment were also not actuated by a factious or vindictive spirit, (Cheers.) He himself had given no voto from factious motives, and honorablo gentlemen who had acted with him, he was satisfied, had acted in tho same spirit as himself. (Cheers.) He was satisfied the charco did not apply to bira, nor to any honorable member not con necteil with tho government. By thus separating th government from bis denial of the charge, he did no mean to nay that tho charge applied to the members o the government ; but as the honorable gentlemai at the head of tho government bad vindicate« himself and those who where now associated with bin in the ministry, ho (Mr. Jones) migh take it upon himself to vindicate himself und tuosí honorable gentlemen-unconnected with the govcmnicn -who hud acted with him, that thoy had acted from up right moiives. (Cheers.) Well thoso honorable gentle men opposite having como to the conclusion timi according to the principios of constitutional govern, mrnt-which they desired to soo fully carried out in thal house-they wero bound to resign, and they did resign, Well, they suggested-nnd he thought judiciously ad- vised the Governor-General to send for Mr. Cowper, Now, when tho Govornor-General acted on the advice, he took a strictly constitutional course. Now the terms of the motion before the house insinuated that there WS3 some blame to bo attached to his Excellency. ("No, no," hear and cheers.) He (Mr. Jones) did not believe that honorable gentleman intended that such blame should apply-(cheers from the opposition benches)-but he belioved that it was meant that the blame only should attach to the ministry. (" Hear, hear," from the opposition.) Now he presumed that it would be allowed by honorable members opposite, that up to that point nothing unconstitutional had taken place. (Hear, hear.) They having resigned, and the gentlemen they recommended to his Excellency having been sent for, all was right and constitutional that fur. (Hear, hear.) Now he might perhaps best vindicate the course taken by the honorable gentlemen on the govern, ment sida of the house by stating to thu house-which i he had not yet done-tho share that he himself had in I tua. negotiation* that tool: place io, tho formation of u ministry by tho honorable' member for Sydney, (Cheers,) Ho would willingly spare tho' house a statement of what ho did, and, what he did not do; and what course he took, even if for the pur- pose of self-vindication only; but in the explanation he was about to offer, he was actuated more strongly by a conviction that he owed it to the house and to the country that anything done in those negotiations, and in which he was concerned, should be stated openly and unreservedly, (Cheers.) In the explanation he might make, he would state the truth openly, and regardless of the effect to himself personally, or any honorable gentle, mau on this side of the house. (Cheers.) He main fained that no man was justified in stating any matter of this kind without being prepared to state, not only the truth, but the whole truth. (Cheers.) And in the explanation he would offer he would do so. (Cheers.) On friday afternoon, when the honorable member received the command of his Excellency the Governor-General to form a government, the honorable gentleman did him (Mr. Jones) the honour to offer him a seat in the government ; and he also understood him to ask his advice as to the best course to be taken. He at that time did not say posi- tively, nor throughout the negotiations that afternoon and the following day that he would not take office, but he stated his repugnance to take office at that time. The reasons that influenced him were perhaps of a character that were over- fastidious. From tho short time he had had the honour of a seat in that house, he did not feel justified in taking office-he did not feel satisfied that he was qualified to take office-nor until he had satis fled the house that he was qualified to do so. That feeling he admitted was strengthened in some degree by a selfish desire for his own convenience nnd comfort. To take office would not have been any advantage to him- self; and it would have ' interfered with his personal convenience and comfort; and he admitted that those selfish feelings might have influ- enced him to some extent in declining to take office. But during that and the following day he never said he would not take office. He was restricted from doing so because tho circumstances under whioh the late govern- ment resigned office rendered it necessary that another ministry should be formed-(cheers)-in order that they might not have it in their power to ride roughshod over others to resume the offices they had resigned-(cheers)-and ha would rather break down bia own scruples tuan st the late ministry recalled. (Cheers.; With regard to th advice he gave the honorable gentleman, he said that he could associate with him the honorable member fe the Southern Boroughs, and the honorable and learne member for Argyle, and several other bono: able gentlemen-if he would form a minis ti composed of such gentlemen, it would be one tin would command the support of the house; and h pressed on him that he should not ask the associatio of the honorable member for Cook and Westmorelan until he bad first asked the honorablo and learned men ber for Argyle to join him, because he thought the honoi able and learned member for Argyle might have som objections to act with the honorable' member for Coo and Westmoreland ; and he told him it was of more cor sequence to have the adhesion of Mr. Plunkett than i Mr. Martin. He therefore told the honorable gentle man that he should not see Mr. Martin till he had tin seen Mr. Plunkett. He believed there wore negotiation between the honorablo gentleman at the head t the Government and Mr. Plunkett next daj Well, on the next morning the honorable and learnoi member for Argyle, as he understood, did not give positive and decided answer, deferring it until the fol lowing morning. But on the ensuing morning th honorable and learned gentleman in his presence dil give them what he (Mr. Jones) conceived a pretty dis tinct intimation that they could not have his co-opera lion and assistance. And when the honorable am learned gentleman had taken that course, the reasoi which had influenced him (Mr. Jones) in advising tin honorable momber for Sydney (Mr. Cowper) not to seeli the co-operation of the honorable and learned membe; for Cook and Westmoreland, was removed. The honora ble gentleman.was advised by those whom ho consultee to seek tko support and co-operation of the honorabh and learned member for Cook and Westmorland. Dur ing that day he did not see the honorable and leornec gentleman, because he was away from town. (Hear hear, from tho Colonial Secretary.) During that tims various negotiations were going on with roforenoe to the filling up of the office of Attorney.General, ano one or twe passages took place with regari! to the formation of the ministry which he felt bound tc allude to. It had been freely charged by honorable gentlemen opposite that the honorable gentleman at thc head of the government had acted unconstitutionally and irregularly. He (Mr. Jones) must own that there had been irregular and unconstitutional practices during the formation of tbe government ; but those practices had been indulged in, not by the honorable' gentleman at the head of the government, but by tho honorable and learned member for Argyle, and those gentlemen who bad thought themselves called upon to wait upon the honorable gentleman entrusted with tho formation of the government. With (¡regard to the course taken by the honorable and learned member for Argyle, it appeared to him unwarrantable and unprecedented. (Hear, bear.) He could not understand any gentleman, how- ever nigh his position, stepping in between the Queen's representativo, and the gontleman charged with the for- mation of a government, to understand bis Excellency's views at that time. The position in which the honorable gentleman at tho head of the government was then placed was a very difficult one. And he believed he was accurate in savina that such a course as had boon taken by tho honorablo and loarnod mern be for Argyle was unprecedented. No gentleman in tin old country holding as high a position as that honorabh member here, would have taken such a course. Ho heh that that step was a most irregular and unconstitu tional one for him to take. With regard to the honor ablo gentlemen on tho cross-benohes, he thought thej had committed an irregularity ; but ho thought thej committed that irregularity without being conscious at the time that they wero acting in an irregular and un- constitutional manner. (Hear, hear.) He though! that if they had retlected carefully upon tho mattel they would have hesitated in taking any stop to interfere in any way between her ¡Majost'ys representative and the gentleman charged with the formation of tho govern- ment. He believed that step was also unprecedented in the history of tho old country. (Hear, hear.) There could be no instance cited in tho history of the House of Commons where gentlemen had attempted to prevent tho gentleman en- trusted with the formation of a government from carry- ing out his views. (Hear, hour.) They could have waited till that house assembled, and if not satisfied with the arrangements that had been made, they could have had recourse toa constitutional mode of procedure to testify their disapproval. Ho thought in both these steps an irregular and unconstitutional course had been adopted to interfere with gentlemen entrusted with the formation of the government. Keverting to tho né- gociations which had taken place on the Saturday, ha might observe that ho was in communication with the honorable gentleman at |tbe head of the government throughout the day till 5 o'clock. He left him then with the advice that if the honorable and learned member for Argyle would not join him in forming a ministry, his bost course was to sen the honorablo and learned mom. ber for Cook and Westmoreland. Ile believed thc honorable gentleman did tnko that course. (Ie (Mr Jones) had no knowledge of what took place from Satur day evening at 5 o'clock till Monday morning at IC o'clock. On Saturday evening, after ho had escaped thc négociations which were going on, an hour or two's quiel reflection made him seo very cearly the course ho was bound to take. He came to the conclusion that if o ministry could not be farmed which could command and maintain the confidence of a majority of that house, he could not join it. The principles of responsible govern mont required, he conceived, that no ministry could carry on the government of the country, except it were in a position to command a majority of the house ; and holding these views, nothing could induce him to join a government which he believed could not be in that position. (Hear, bear.) But while ha held this as his own view, he did, in the course of the discussion which afterwards ensued, state to tho honorable gentleman at the head of the government that if he believed tho government he was then forming would command or maintain a majority of that house, he (Mr. Jones) held that having assumed the duty of endeavouring to form a government, he was not only justified in going on, but he was bound to go on. (Hear, hear.) Hu must state, in justification of the course taken by the honorable gentleman at the head of the government that of those five or six persons present at this discussion, he (Mr. Jones) was alone in holding that a government constituted as the honorable gentleman believed his would be, could not command a majority of that house. He owned that if the honorable gentleman thought, and those with whom he consulted had reason to believe, that the government would obtain a majority, he was perfectly justified in carrying out the task he had undertaken-as much justified as be (Mr. Jones) was in taking the course which lie did, when holding a contrary opinion. He considered that in regard to the matter, every man's own conscience must be his own guidance ; and although his course appeared justifiable to him, the honorable gentleman I at the bead of the government might take an opposite and equally justifiable course. Daring these negotia- tions, the honorable gentleman, who now held the office of Colonial Treasurer, had expressed a desire that he (Mr, Jones) should take than oWoe, Ho (Mr, Camp, hell) had seen the honorable and learned member for Argyle, and he was. led to believe that rather than nee Mr. Cowper beaten in his attempt to form a govern- ment, he would join him ; and the honorable gentle- man (Mr. Campbell) seemed anxious that another attempt should be made to form a government-of which Mr. Plunkett and himself (Mr. Jones) should form parts. (Hear, hear.) They pressed him to waive his scruples about taking office in order that what they believed a strong government might be formed. (Hear, hear.) Well, he felt that under such circumstances it was his duty to make his scruples give way ; and ho then said that if the honorable and learned member for Argyle could be induced to join the government, with the honorable member for the Southern Boroughs also in the ministry, they would have a government which would command a majority iu that house, and ho would consent to join it also. This explained the inconsistencies which appeared upon the face of these negotiations. At one time it was said he had declined to join the government ; and at another that he had consented to do so. The particulars he had entered into would explain these apparent contradictions. And as it had been understood throughout that the honor- able and learned member for Argyle would not join if the honorable and learned member for Cook and West- moreland did-as it was understood the honorable and learned member for Argyle understood when the honor- able member at the head of the government went to j bim, that the honorablo and learned member for Cook and Westmoreland was not to join-owing to tnese circumstances it was not thought necessary to explain that if he (Mr. Plunkett) joined the ministry, Mr. Martin would not do so. He (Mr. Jones) must now suy a few words about the honorable and learned member for Cook and Westmoreland. Arrangements had been made that he should take the office of Attorney-General. But at the eleventh hour, when he had office within his grasp, and this proposition just referred to was put as a more desirable combination, that gentleman at once waived his own claims to office. (Hear, hear.) He said he was willing to stand aside ; and although he was ready to take office, he would let his own claims give way ; and, if Mr. Plunkett could be induced to join the ministry, he should be willing to give it all the support in his power. (Hear, hear.) He did not take office until the honorable and learned member for Argyle decided that he would not join the administration. (Hear, hear.) The government was then formed, and immediately after the deputation from the gentlemen on the cross-benches waited on the Colonial Secretary. The honorable gentleman told that deputation that the government was already formed, and that it was too late for him to .alter his intentions. Those were tho facts of the case. (Hear, hear.) Various charges bad been made with reference to the haste displayed in the formation of the government^but never were similar charges urged with so slight a shadow of proof. Honorable gentlemen who made them were little acquainted with the history of such events in England-as they would know that when any gentleman was called upon to form an admin- istration during the sitting of .Parliament, ho was ex- pected to perform the task in the course of two or three, days, or otherwise to resign the commission. Now, in the present case, it had taken the honorable the Colonial Secretary from Friday to Monday, to form his cabinet, and, consequently, be could not bo blamed for any inde- corous haste in the matter. '(Cheers.) Then there was a charge urged to the efleet that the members of this new government were place-hunters. Barely had a similar charge been made with suoh slender justifica-, tion. (Hear, hear.) He had a better acquaintance with the circumstances connected with the ministerial re- signations, and was in a position to state that no single member of the government bad taken office from any other desire than to benefit the country. (Hear, hear, hear.) He knew that the honorable member for the Southern Boroughs (Mr. Murray) had sunk all private foelings in the matter, and that never a gentleman joined a govern- ment in a more loyal or truer spirit than ho had. (Cheers.) He had no desire to grasp o (llco except to do what good he could for his country. (Hear.) So, too, with regard to the Colonial Treasurer. He (Mr. Jones) would, in answering the charge which had been made, take up-»n himself to inform tho house that that honorable gentle- man had almost gone down on his knees to him (Mr. Jones) to get him to take the ofllco. How, then, could tho alleged oharge of place-hunting apply to that honor- able member ? Mr. DARVALL said the honorable member to whom referenoe was being made had never been included in the accusation. Mr. JONES said he, and, he believed, every other man of common sense in the house, understood tho whole of tho members of the government to be accused of place hunting. Mr. DARVALL said he understood the honorablo and learned member for Argyle to expressly except tho Colonial Treasurer. Mr. JONES could recollect no such exception being made. The honorable and learned member hud accused all the members of thc government with selfish mo- tives. (Hear.) Coming ta the honorable and learned member for Cook and Westmoreland, it would be seen that tho charge was alike inapplicable to him, inasmuch as he was wishing to abandon all ideas for office, in order to make way for the honorable and learned member for Argyle. (Hear, hear.; And, os regarded the honorable gentleman at tbe head of the government, he felt bound to say that no such charge of grasping at office could be fairly aimed at him. (Cheers.) It was admitted on all hands, that there was no one with a better title to office, or moro able to fill it than the honorable gentleman. Tho only [ objection, indeed, which bad been urged against him, i was with reforence to the colleagues with whom he I had associated himself. And he (Mr. Jones) would add that when he at first ventured to advise tho honorablo gentlemen to return the com. mission entrusted to him,-had that advice been supported by other honorable members -his opinion was that the Colonial Secretary would have acted upon it, and not have persisted in his endeavours to form an administration. (Hear, hear.) Never then, ho main- tained, was such a charge made with less justification, and in a moro ungenerous spirit. (Hear.) He thought, on tho faco of the facts he bad adduced, thut he wus entitled to assume tho members of the cabinet had been called upon constitutionally, and that, since their appointment, no unconsti- tutional course had boen adopted. (Hear, hear.) Having thus shown that when the Government took office they had a right to assume they would obtain the confidence of tho house, he would next address himself moro particularly to the motion before them. And, in opposition to the views of honorablo gentlemen on the other side of the house, he held that that motion could only bo fairly judged of by the construction which the mover had placed upon it. It was not open to gentle- men to put any interpretation upon it they pleased. It could only be judged of as it had been displayed to them by its author and mover. (Hear, hear.) He was not going ta taunt honorable gentlemen opposite with factious conduct, because if they thought the government had done that which was unconstitutional, they had a right to give their support to a resolution which was supposed to embody their feelings in the matter. The honorable gentleman who bad introduced the motion had done so in a speech characterised by great ability and great propriety, but he had endeavoured to fortify his case by quoting the precedent with reference to Fox being forcibly ejected from office in 1783 by tho King and Mr. Pitt being called in to take his place. The comparison, however, had failed. There was no true analogy in the two cases, inasmuch ns Mr. Fox had been put out while he commanded a majority, and Mr. ¡ Pitt had taken office conscious of that fact ; while on the other hand, the late government had relinquished office I on their own accord, and the present ministry bad ' assumed their places in a constitutional manner. It . should not be lost sight of, too, by the honorablo mern I ber who had quoted this precedent, tbat in the House of : Commons parties were more strongly marked than here, and that a prime minister could calculate with some ' thing like certainty on the amount of support he was likely to receive. In this country, however, ministerial support was more a question of personal favour or confidence. Under these circumstances, the question of majority was a matter of speculation with every member, f If ear, hear.) Now, tho Grounds on which tho honorable member bad moved his resolution were personal, and to this he (Mr. Jones) objected. Tbe honorable member had said, in effect, a ministry were not entitled to support without that support could be fairly given to every individual member. Ho (Mr. Jones.) held that the principle was an unsound one, and could not be applied without disastrous circumstances. He was of opinion that if the house would not be satis- fied with any ministry unless every member was in personal favour with the members of the house, that re- sponsible government could not be carried out in its entirety. Such an individual test was unnecessary. Such a course would be highly inconvenient. With regard to the special objection of the honorable and learned member for Argyle, thatas the present Attorney. General had at some former period made a false state- ment, he was therefore entirely unfit to hold that office -he (Mr. Jones) was of opinion that Mr. Martin had been guilty of a great wrong in doing no-had been guilty indeed of a grave fault, one wholly indefensible ; but whilst admitting that to ba the case, ho would beg to ask that house, waa" there to be no expiation of that <au.lt ? (Cheers,) Ww ho never to wipe off that stain ? (Cheers,) He would ask honorable gentlemen oppo. site to answer that question fairly. (Cheers.) If they admitted that he could expiate that fault when was the expiation to be considered at an end. (Hear, hear.) It was alleged that after having spent several years at the bar, he might then have been eligible to hold his present office. But his the Attorney General's) opponents appeared to ignore the reparation that he had already mad«. They seemed to overlook thatjhonorable and learned gentleman's great services to the country, and would have him remain at the bar. (Hear;. He (the Attorney- General; had served this coan try with a devotion which had few equals in that house. (Cheers.; "Where then was the cry to end ? (Cheers.) Where was the line to be drawn? He believed that Mr. Martin had made full satisfaction for his fault. (Cheers.) He had no hesitation in stating, although he valued his character as much as any member of that bouse, that he should not feel it in any way endangered by associating with the honor able and learned gentleman (cheers) notwithstand- ing that there were considerable differences of opinion between them on some political matters. (Cheers.) He (Mr. -Jones) believed that before any honorable member could ioin with another for the nurnosn nf carrying on tba government it was necessary they should both be agreed on the main essentials. (Hear, hear.) He considered that the honorable and learned gentleman had defended himself most effectively, and he felt that there ought to be a time when the wrong which his honorable and learned friend had been guilty of should be forgotton. (Hear, hear.) When he saw that honorable gentleman had invited tin Attorney-General Jo become a member of tho dub, wns it not natural that he should think that these things lind been forgotten, especially when they held out to him the right hand of fellowship. (Hear, hear.) He could not conceive how any person who held the rank of a gentleman could associate with a man-could interchange the hospitalities of his house with him, and could afterwards charge him with want of character. (Cheers.) If he had visited the house of any gentleman, he should consider that he was afterwards precluded from blackening his character. (Cheers.) He admitted that the objections which had been urged against Mr. Martin's elevation to tho post of Attorney-General were of a grave character, but that house was not the tribunal to decide those ob- jections; they would be disposed of by another tribunal. (Hear.) It was his opinion that the honorable and learned Attorney- General had sufficient grounds for taking office; and the responsibility rested on those who bad deserted their trust to show that he bad not. If the ministry were to be tried on their policy lot the house wait till that policy was expounded. (Hear, hear.) Taunts had also been thrown out about discrepancies in the cabinet, and be was quite willing to admit that there wero differences of opinion ; but they were not greater than those which bad existed' among the former ministry (cheers from the government benches), and such objections certainly did not come with a good grace from honorable gentlemen on the other side of the house. (Hear, hear.) He did not think that the offence of the honorable and learned gentleman had been of so grave a character that it was necessary that' the house should record its opinion in such a manner as that aimed at by the motion ; and if it were carried, it would only have the effect cf embit- tering the feelings which bad already caused so great a separation between both sides of tho bouse, and it would tend to perpetuate those feelings. In conclusion, he would give his vote against the motion with a full con- sciousness that he was doing his duty to his country. (Cheers.) Mr. PLUNKETT rose to explain. Tbe honorable member had said that he (Mr. Plunkett) charged minis- ters with assuming the reins of government for selfish purposos. He had not been informed that Mr. Martin was ready to relinquish office in his favour. He had been kept in tho dark. He said before, and would say again, the present ministers had assumed office impro- perly. Ho himself had told thom of tho meeting on Saturday of honorable members on the cross-benches (hear)-and that they would havo a majority of the house against them. Their assumption of office after this notice prevented others from doing so, who might have taken office constitutionally. (Hear.) Mr. CAMPBELL rose to explain. Mr. DARVALL rose to order. After some explanatory remarks, in which Messrs. PLUNKETT, CAMPBELL, DARVALL, and THOMAS RUSDEN took part, I Mr. FRANCIS RUSDEN rose and said ho cordially supported the ministry in the manner in whicï they took o iii ce,' which he considered was perfectly constitutional. The present ministry had done morl in three weeks than the late ono in niue or ten weeks In that short time they had stood their elections ant laid their estimates on the tahlo when tho house met It was most unfair to attack tho present ministry 01 their measures, for they had not yet had an opportunity of explaining them. The late Attorney-General, Mi Manning, had said, they resigned so suddenly tiiat tilt primier (Mr. Cowper) might be pardoned for not beim prepared, ho blames them for not having a matured policy, and yet he says their general policy was the samo as the late ministry, and was only a copy of their's They could not tell what the policy of the late ministry was, for they had withdrawn their measures without bringing them forward. They wore not even entitled to tho credit of the Governor-General's speech, for though they might have acted as advisers in concocting that speech, they had not the moral courage to explain it, but had deserted their posts. He had always con- sidered thore was no necessity for the late ministry resigning, and had repeatedly told honorable members that if a vote of confidence were brought forward they would be supported by himself, and he believed at least forty honorable members. He considered it necessary they should have a fair trial and no favour. Notwithstanding this honorable members left office, and now they contended the present ministry had no right to take the offices they voluntarily quitted. If tho late ministry had a majority in their favour then they had it now. Mr. DARVALL rose to explain. Mr. MURRAY objected. The honorable member's explanation should be deferred until the honorable momber for Liverpool Plains had concluded his address. The Sl'EAKER said, unless it were to correct a mis- representation, the interruption was irregulur. Mr. FRANCIS RUSDEN said, the honorablo member for the North Riding was famed for making objections to what was said by now members-(hear)-and he had been interrupted in this case just where he wished to bo most particularly understood,-for he was per- fectly convinced by what the late ministry had done that they intended to come back, and by a small majority to dictate to the house with a high hand whi they were to do. He cared not who was in powe whether Donaldson or Cowper, or Cowper or Donah son, though ho considered Cowper the man of deed and Donaldson the man of words,-though Donaldsor ho believed, did boast of the deeds he had done. Th honorable member for the Sydney Hamlet talked of th measures shadowed forth by the present niinistry, that honorable member's measures were so very shadow that no one ever saw them but himsel (Laughter,) The other day the honorable rnembei with that amiable pomposity which so becomes hin called him (¡Mr. Rusden) to order, and said he wa undignified,-did that honorable gentleman wish hi speech to be taken as a specimen of bis dignitie demeanour. He (Mr. Rusden ) had ne vcr compared tb Colonial Treasurer to Jack Cade. Mr. DONALDSON : It was not him, it was bi brother. Mr. FRANCIS RUSTJEN : Very well, Jack Cade' brother (laughter,.) He (Mr. Rusden)t had neve characterised the ministry by the names o cat, rat, owl, and magpie, simply because the, wero his foes, nor had he ever made si appy an illustration as to call his friend at th hustings " He-goat of old administration." Amids the odour of these very dignified terms he beggei to leave tho honorable gentleman. (Laughter. He (Mr. Donaldson) had even found fault with somi honorable member for calling him learned. He hac objected to this, and after his very learned quotations he (Mr. Rusden) did not suppose he was very likely ti be again offended. He had, in the coarse of his address used the expression felis communia. He (Mr. Rusden] found, however, in Linnojus, that it ought tr be felis catii*. He took it at first foi the honorable gentleman's dog Latin-(Laughter) but it had the appearance of cat Latin. (Hear, beni and laughter.) In the course of the debate he (Mr. Donaldson; had alluded to the badger; he seemed tc have had a taste for natural history. Though not fit to fill the office of Premier, if he behaved himself and go' well up in his Latin, he might yet become inspector ol the Zoological Gardens. (Laughter.) The honorable member for Argyle (Mr. Plunkett) had declined to take olfice; and there was no one else of the liberal party to take the office of Attorney-General ; true, there were two other barristers, but they were not members of the Assembly. Where was Mr. Cowper to find any one of greater ability and experience than Mr. Martin to take the office of Attorney General Î What was io be done of Mr. Cowper hud not taken office ; or bad failed to get those about him upon whom he could rely t Were the late ; ministry to bo called back pusillanimous as they were -the word, «ad been used before--and begged . and coaxed to take office again ? Soroo had objeoted ta Mr, Martin's ability for tho office of Attonvey.General, It was not forhirn to praise that gentleman ; however, he was a son of tbe soil-(cries of " no, no," and yes, yes,")-well, he had come ont to the colony when only six months old ; he had great experience in debate, and had risen to his present high position simply by his own exertions; and now he was sought to be trampled upon without a trial. (Cries of " no, no," and " yes, y es." J Ho (Mr. Rusden) would support him until he was was found wanting. (Hear, hear.) He would not sup I port this motion which had been brought forward by a factious opposition. Ho (Mr. Martin) was charged with having said he would remember every person who should vote against him on this debate. He had meant I merely that he would not become intimate with gentle- men again, to again receivo like treatment at their hands. He (Mr. Rusden) believed Mr. Martin had risen higher than ever in the opinion of the country, for be had had the manliness to eonfess a fault. He wished honorable gentlemen on the other side of the house would have the manliness to do as he had done. On the matter of tho qualification, he contended that Mr. Martin had been persecuted ; he had argued his own case and had recovered damages. So much bad been said about the matter, that be hoped he would be pardoned for quoting j from the papers of the house on the subject. I The petition against Mr. Martin was signed by 8 people Vêtirions for bim-presented by Mr. Wentworth, 1 ; Mr. Nichols, 3; and Mr. Fitzgerald, 2-signed by 73 people, all electors. Mr. Martin bad never boon proved to have dono any wrong in the matter of Ute declaration. He did nat vacate bis seat, As stated by tho honorable member for the lower Darling (Mr. W. Macleay), Ho was removed from tho house by tho Scrjoant-at-Arms, and recovered a verdict, with costs, for ¿440 Bs. 3d. On the 3rd page of tho Votes and Proceedings of the 1st April, 1851, they would find Martin v. Speaker and Sorgeant-at-Arms.-The speaker report- ad, that in this action a verdict had been roturneu for the plain- tiff, wi til 40s. damages- subject to tho opinion of tbo full court upon a special case ; and that the court, upon argument and con- sideration, had confirmed the verdict. On page 5«, of Finance of 1851 and 1852 Cost in tho casa of Martin v. The Spoakcr of the Legislative Council and others, I&5D, Mi IO Os. 3d. Therefore tho public lind to pay the money which was incurred by the fault of thot hoUBe. Members laughed when the honorable member for Durham said he would have taken tho opinion of Mr. "Wentworth before that of the other members of the committee. It would have been well for them if they had taken his opinion, for he had known they were breaking the law. Did the honorable and learned member the late Attorney-General laugh now ? Tho honorable mem- ber Mr. Nichols had given it ns his opinion that tho wholo of the proceedings ought to be expunged from the proceedings of tho house. (Hear, hear.) Tho honorable and learned member for Argyle (Mr. Plunkett) had said that if Mr. Martin was Attorney-General, all honest lawyers must fly the country. Mr. Martin stood now in a different position from that which he had before stood in ; bb bad challenged the whole bar, and had beaten them in winning his own case. The honorable gentleman (Mr. Rusden) characterised tho proceedings of tho meeting at Kellott-Uouse and tho appointment of a deputation to wait upon 'the present Colonial Secretary when first commissioned by his Excellency the Governor-General to torm a ministry, j as most reprehensible. There was no doubt the present measures put forward by the ministry, particularly tho tariff, must bo considerably modified and altered, else he could not support them. He must say, however, they (tho ministry) had shown a manliness in putting forward measures for discus- sion, in so short a time as they had been in power. Hut those measures had been set aside in order to discuss tho motion now before tho house. They had shewn themselves manly in doing this, and he contended the house ought not to entertain the motion. Mr. SCOTT then moved that tho debate bo adjourned till to-morrow at throe o'clock. Mr. GORDON seconded tho motion. Jlr. DARVALL was willing to adjourn if tho honor able tho Colonial Secretary merely desired to reserve his reply, but beyond that he hoped tho house would not adjourn. Mr. GORDON thought tho objection came with a bad grace from the honorable and learned member, when a night or two before be had insisted, in order to have the speeches properly reported, the house should adjourn. Now, after making his speech, why should not others have their speeches os ably reported ns the honorable member's would be. He thought, for these reasons, the house should at onco accede to tho adjournment. The motion was then put and passed, i CLAIM FOR COMPENSATION. Mr. SCOTT said he begged to correct a statement ho had made to the honorable member for Gloucester and Macquarie. He alluded to the claim for compensation sent in by thc trustees of certain land near Newcastle. The correct claim which the trustees demanded was X'1000 per acre, and, as far as ho could remember, the land in question contained about 19 acres, which would make tho amount of claim £28,600, or thereabouts. Ho was, therefore, in error iu fixing tho amount at X'25,000. Tbs trustees had sent in no other claim. TARIFF. Mr. DONALDSON moved, pursuant to notico That there be laid upon the table of this house, a return showing the amounts of weight and measure- ment (omitting fractions), in tons of 20 cwt. in weight, and 40 cubic feet in measurement, of tho following articles, imported into New South Wales, from 1st January, 1S35, to :jlst December, 1Q55, that is to say, of tea, sugar, tobacco, coffee, chicory, snuff, spirits, wine, ale and porter, treacle and molasses, cigars, whiting, hay, straw, and salt. He said, if tho Colonial Treasurer would state that the government intended to withdraw tho tariff, ho would withdraw his motion too, and thus save timo. Mr. MACAR THUR seconded tho motion. Tho COLONIAL TREASURER thought the honora- ble gentlemen was mistaken in the tariff, because it ox cludod all packages that contained dutiable articles. After some discussion, in which it was statod that tho return sought would not give the information required, the motion was put and passed. COMMON LAW PROCEEDINGS BILL. On the motion of Mr. MANNING, the Common Law Proceedings Bill was read a second time, and its con- sideration in committee ordered to stand an order of the day for Tuesday next. POSTPONEMENTS. All the remaining notices of motion were then post- poned. The house adjourned at a quarter after ten o'clock until te-morrow (this day) at three o'clock. 