LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tuesday, May 27. The Speaker took the chair at 1 o'clock. PETITIONS. Mr. KINGSTON presented & petition from the letter-carriers of the General Post-Office, stating that their pay had recently been re duced from 7s. 6d. to 8s. 6(L per day, whilst their duties had -greatly increased. They prayed the Council to take such measures as may be necessary to obtain for them their for mer pay of 7s. 6d. per day. The petition was received and read. Mr. BAKES presented a petition from the settlers of Kanmantoo,- complaining that they had been included in the District of Nairne, contrary to their wishes, as expressed in a me morial to the Governor. They requested the House to take the subject into consideration, with s view to affording them redress. The petition was received, read, and ordered to be printed. Mr. PEACOCK presented a petition from the settlers in the Hundreds of Kuitpo and Willunga, praying that £2,000 be placed on the Estimates for the erection of a bridge over the Onkaparinga, at that part of the river which separates the two hundreds. It was received, read, and ordered to be printed. i MB. FERGUSON'S CASE. The COLONIAL SECRETARY stated, in reply to a question by Mr. Blyth, that be was unable to say when the report relative to Mr. j Ferguson's case would be laid on the table. The Government were collecting information upon the subject. RAILWAYS PROTECTION BILL. On the motion of the SURVEYOR-GE NERAL, this Bill was read a third time and P*SaijTH AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE BILL. This Bill was read a third time and passed. ESTIMATES. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole, for the further consideration of the Estimates. ECCLESLLSTICAI.. COLOHXIX CHAT&Anr.; Salaries—Colonial Chaplain,£350; temporary increase on salary, £8710s. Total Colonial Chaplain, £*37 10s. Mr. REYNOLDS asked why the expres sions of the Committee in reference to that item had been termed in the Governor's memo randum " extrajudicialand why the recom mendations of the Committee had not been carried out. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said, if the hon. member had read the letters which accom panied the report, he would have seen that the duties of the Colonial Chaplain could be more economically performed under present arrange ments than by the proposed alteration sug gested by the Committee. The incumbent of Trinity Church received his appointment with the express stipulation of his being also the Colonial Chaplain. Mr. REYNOLDS—The objection was this: the soldiers at the garrison, the Sappers and Miners, and others for whom religious instruc tion was provided, were not all members of the Church of England. He would, therefore, ask whether it was just and fair to provide religious instruction for only a portion of those persons, leaving the others to pay for the sup port of their own ministers. Mr. BAKER believed it was originally stipu lated that there should be a Colonial Chaplain, who was to perform Divine service to the officers and men of the garrison, and to the police. He thought the same person should be responsible for the religious instruction of the prisoners at the Gaol and the Stockade. He thought the Colonial Chaplain should be made responsible for the whole of these duties; and that the sum placed on the Estimates for . religious instruction at the Stockade, as a separate item, should be included in the Colonial Chaplain's salary. It was not possible for the same person tflLp'erform the duties of Incumbent of Trinity Church and those con nected with, the office; but he believed the Colonial Chaplain himself was of opinion that it would tend to produce unity of action by adopting the suggestion he had made. Mr. HUGHES did not quite understand the observations of the hon. member. He under stood him to mean that the duties should be performed by the Colonial Chaplain, with the i assistance of Mr. Marryat. He did not approve of the multiplication of offices, and therefore was favourable to the suggestion of the hon. \ member. Whoever the Colonial Chaplain appointed to do his duties, he alone would be responsible. Mr. ANGAS did not know upon what au thority it had been assumed that the Colonial Chaplain was originally appointed to perform duty at Trinity Church. He was appointed only to supply religious instruction to the des titute, and to perform the other religious duties connected with his office, but certainly he was never required to attend at Trinity Church for that purpose. The garrison might go there, but the Colonial Chaplain was not required to do duty there on that account. His principal duties consisted in seeing that the Gaol, the destitute, the military, &C.;, were well attended to as it regards religious instruction. Mr. BAKE II—They had heard a great deal from time to time respecting the duties of the Colonial Chaplain. Would the hon. the Colo nial Secretary explain what those duties really were? I The COLONIAL SECRETARY said it was part of the duties of the Government to | supply religious instruction to the troops. If this were not done at Trinity Church, it would be necessary to have a building erected for the purpose. The Government had also felt it to be a part of their duty to offoid religious instruction to the natives as long as they remained at the Location. Also to those who were in the Hospital, the Lunatic Asylum, the destitute, and those who were imprisoned. There was also a particular duty which the Colonial Chaplain had to perform in connection with the burial of those who died as paupers, and whose religious opinions were not known. These duties were too great for any one person, but could be performed by his Assistant Chap lain. Mr. HART would call attention to the feet that a large portion of Trinity Church was taken up by the sittings of those who had a claim upon the Colonial Chaplain, and whom it was impossible to collect together in any other way. This circumstance served very much to diminish the amount received by the Incumbent, First there was His Excellency the Governor who had a pew in the church. Then the officers of the garrison. Then there were the sittings of the Sappers and Miners, and those of the Military and the Police. If this were not the case the amount of the pew rents would be much larger than they are, for it had been felt for several years a veiy difficult thing to obtain a pew at Trinity Church. The rsnt of the Governor's pew and of that of the military officers would each be 10 guineas. For this deficiency the Colonial Chaplain had a claim upon the country; besides which, he was obliged to keep a curate to perform his additional duties, and which occupied the whole of his time. If the views of the hon. member for West Torrens were to be carried out, the services of the curate would be lost by < those on whom he now attended. Mr. REYNOLDS said his objection was only as to the partiality which was shown to those who belonged to the Church of England. The claims of those who belonged to other denominations were not met. Mr. HAST—Then he had misunderstood the hon. member. Bnt it was quite clear that they could not have a Colonial Chaplain who would belong to the Church of England when at one place, and be a Wesleyan at another, and at another a member of the Church of Borne. Mr. REYNOLDS responded to this that the ministers of other denominations performed their duties by administering to the religious wants of those who belonged to their body The ADVOCATE-GENERAL had always considered the Colonial Chaplain as an exceptional case. His office had existed from the foundation of the colony, and was now held by a gentleman who was by common consent admitted to be a very worthy, and : faithful minister, and who was folly competent to the discharge of the functions of his office. If indeed the question was the appointment of another Colonial Chaplain, he aid not say that he.would be prepared to support it. Bat he wonld support the vote under considera tion. With regard to the remarks of the hon. member for Weet 'TorrenB, he would say that the hon. member should either be prepared to take his stand against the continuance of the office of Colopial Chaplain, by stating boldly that . there was no need of such an officer, or othowiseto do what he apprehended the hon. Joemb® .was hardly prepared for, namely, to \ openup the question of State, aidfor religions purposes. His argument, if it meant anything, amounted to tins, that it was the duty of the Government to appoint as many colonial chap lains as there were religious imnminiitinini. He was not- prepared to say that it was the duly, of the Government to provide religious instruction for the police and others in their employ; but if the hon. member was disposed to open up this question hewouldbeprepared to dis cuss it. With regard to the proposal of the hon. member for Mount Barker, as to whether it would not be desirable to oumbins the duties connected with the religious instruction of the convicts at the Stockade with the other duties of the Colonial Chaplain, he would remark that he would oppose it for this reason—the Bum placed on the Estimates for that purpose would be best voted from year to vear, because, 1 whilst it was the duty of the Government to provide religious instruction to the convicts who were shut up from all communication with other parts of the community, the amount necessary for the purpose would vary from time to time. He would rote for the Estimates as ! th?y stood, believing as he did, from the ex I perience of the last two years, that the arrange | ment with regard to the Stockade had been a ; judicious one. j Mr. BAKER said his object was to provide [ for the better performance of the duties at the Stockade. It was well known that the money was drawn last year by the Rev. Mr. Russell, whilst the duties were performed by Mr. Blyth. Mr. BLYTH (as we understood) denied that he was the person who had performed clerical duties at the Stockade. Mr. BAKER continued—It was not right for one person to receive the amount and to depute another to perform the duties. A great deal had been said about providing for the religious instruction of the destitute poor. He thought the best means of removing any objec tions to the present system would be the appointment of one person, who should be held responsible for the due performance of those duties. Mr. REYNOLDS remarked that the duty of reading the burial service at the Cemetery had hitherto been performed by the Rev. Mr. Pollitt. j The COLONIAL SECRETARY said it was impossible for the Colonial Chaplain to perform all the duties of his office, unless he gave up his incumbency. The same was true 1 with regard to the Rev. Mr. Russell, as the ! incumbent of St. John's. THs duty in connec tion with the Stockade was to see that the reli- i gious services were duly performed. The item was then agreed to. SBUCXTIOIT. Salaries—Inspector of Schools (forage for horse and), £300; one ditto, first class (forage for horse and), £225; Secretary to Central Board of Education, second class, I £160; one third class Clerk, £100. Increases under Clerks' Salary Act, £38; temporary increase on salaries, £205 6s.; add difference between salaries paid in Ja nuary and the rates fixed by these Estimates, £16 lis. 3d. Allowances—In lieu of forage for two nones to In spectors, including arrears, £92 17s. Contingencies—Attendance fees to members of Board, £90; Incidental expenses of department, £10; stipends to Teachers under Act No. 20 of 1851, £6,900; less £187 4a. 6d., repayment to Government for class-books, &c;, imported in 1855, £6,112 15s. 6d.; temporary in crease on ditto, £1,725; for education of destitute chil dren under said Act, £500; travelling allowance to In spectors, whilst absent from Adelaide on duty, £200. Total Education, £10,103 8s. 9d. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said he limi two amendments to propose under this head. One was to raise the salary of the Inspector from £300 to £400 a year; and the other to insert the sum of £2,000 for aiding in the erection of schools throughout the colony. It must be obvious to hon. members that the | sum of £300 was too small a salary for the i services of a gentleman who had to devote the i whole of his time to his duties, and to travel | about the country. If the Council would keep up the character of the schools they must also maintain the character of the Inspectorship. The House would agree with him that they could I not find a more efficient officer than the gen- ] tleman who at present occupied that position. But his salary had remained as at present from the time of his appointment. With regard to the proposed £2,000 for building schools, he would say that he had no doubt hon. mem bers would be able to explain the advan tages to be gained by this appropriation. In another part of the Estimates the sum of £1,000 was entered to provide a sinking fund towards the repayment of £10,000 proposed to be ; raised by loan for the same object. But it had j been thought more desirable to appropriate an ] annual amount from the general revenue for j the purpose. Consequently the additional j amount proposed was only £1,000 because the other item of £1,000 would be struck out. Great inconveniences had been found to result j from the want of school-houses throughout the colony. The Board of Education had directed : the attention of the Government to this, and ' had prepared a model trust-deed for the purpose, j The Board were now in a position to treat with , the country settlers, and would be willing to assist those who were willing to assist them selves. Mr. ANGAS asked if any principle had been j laid down as to the proportionate aid which j would be granted to the country districts where a certain amount had been collected. Mr. PEACOCK said there was a feeling the country districts in favour of the Govern ment connecting the District Councils with the country schools. The District Councils were, in his opinion, the proper persons to superin tend the schools. The measure was highly desirable, and that was the best mode to accomplish it. He had hoped the Government would have taken some steps in this direction. He trusted it would not he lost sight o£ Mr. HUGHES, as a member of the Central j Board of Education, could state that the sub- j ject of erecting country schools had long been < under consideration; but by the present Act : the Board was prohibited from granting more than £200 for this purpose in any one instance, even though the settlers should subscribe vety largely. The effect, therefore, of the present Act was to encourage the erection of small school-houses. Another defect of the present system was that it did not tend to raise the masters to that high position they ought to occupy. Even the school-houses in the town were not so commodious as be could wish; but the present system which had been laid down by the Legislature prevented any great improvement in that respect. The Board had frequently urged the objection; and had also endeavoured to extend the principle of granting aid for educational purposes to the Corporations. With regard to the remarks of the hon. member for Noarlunga, he would remind him that the District Councils Act contemplated that the District Councils would take the superintendence of schools under : their charge. The District Council of Walker ville had already taken steps in the matter. He regarded local supervision as the best means of securing an efficient system of educa tion. He was also of opinion that awards of merit and the publication of the names of those who had distinguished themselves would be an excellent means of extending education. It would not only serve as a stimulus to the children, but the parents would also take a pride in their education. Until something of the kind j was done they would not raise the system of education to the state they wonld desire. Mr. BAGOT deemed tins matter one of great importance, and if the Government were to ask for more money for the purpose, he would gladly vote it. But some means should be taken to make the expenditure of the money more efficient for the purposes de signed. Something more was required in a new country like this than a visit once or twice a year from the Chief Inspector. The Government should have a more direct super vision than they now have—not to dictate what was to be taught in the schools, further than to take care that nothing immoral was j taught, but to see to the general efficiency of the schools. Local efforts should be supplemented ana every possible means be adopted to make the education imparted to the youth of this colony equal, at least, to that afforded in other new countries, where the standard of education was generally higher than in older communi ties. Mr. BLYTH would support the Government in any extensive views they might take of their duties in regard to education. Education was one of the duties of the Legislature, equally important with the care of political, freedom. He objected to many things in the working of the present system of education. He hoped that the paltry fee paid to the members of the Board for their attendance would be given up. He thought also that much more might be done by the agency of the District Councils, although he j was aware that some people deemed those ; bodies had too much power already. The position of the schoolmaster was not satisfac tory. That position had too often been sought only as a refuge by those who could do nothing else, and many were schoolmasters who would make very poor shoemakers, tailors, or chimney sweeps. He certainly thought the present system very defective in the exclusion of ministers of religion (he did not care of what I sect) from the schools. He thought the pre sence of religions teachers, whether as friends of the master, or more formally as Visitors, i could not fail to be of very great benefit to the | young taught in the schools of the colony. Mr. HUGHES observed that the remark of the last speaker, in'reference to schoolmasters being very bad tailors or shoemakers, might be ' applied to the hon. gentleman himmJf, and therefore proved nothing at all. (A laugh.) Mr. SCOTT felt much pleasure in supporting the proposed addition of £100 a year to the salary of the Inspector, as without a good Inspector nothing conld be done in country schools, There would be difficulty in carrying out the views of the hon. member for Yatala, in reference to the admission of ministers of religion, as _ such, to schools, without infringing the principles of that House on the subject of State aid to religion. He thought it would be much better to leave the religious instruction of the children to their parents and fneigpi, and to such places as Sunday-schools, without involving themselves in difficulties by attempting to introduce it into day-schools. The amount as amended, £12,203, was passed. MEDICAI. Adxutde Hospital. Salaries—Colonial Surgeon, also Superintendent of Lunatic Asylnm (forage for horse and), £400; House Surgeon at Hospital, first class (apartments and), £225; Hiepenser, second class (apartments, rations, and), £150; one third class Clerk (also Clerk to Vaccine Hoard), £120; Matron (apartments, rations and), 066 dajs, at 4s.,£73 4e.; three Nurses (ditto),366 days, one at 3s., one at 2s. OA, and one at 2s., £137 6s.; toar Wardsmcn (ditto), 366 days, one at 4s. 6d, one at 4s, one at 39.6d., and one at 3s, £274 10s.; Cook and Messenger (ditto), 366 days, at 4s, £73 4s. Increases under Clerks' Sa lary Act, £70; temporary increase to salaries, £2415s.; add difference between salaries paid in January, Feb ruary, and March, and the rates fixed by these Esti mates, £5517s. 7d. Port Adelaide—Health Officer and Assistant Colonial Surgeon (salary as Immigration Agent and), £150; temporary increase on salary, £3710s.; add difference between salary paid in January, and the rate fixed by these Estimates, £3 2s. OA Robe—Medical Officer, £50; temporary increase on salary, £12 10s.; add difference between salary paid in Januaxv, and the rate fixed by these Estimates, £13 12s. 6d. Port Lincoln—Medical Officer, £75; temporary in crease on salary, £1815s. Government Vaccine Institution—Clerk to Central Board, four months to 31st March, at £50 per annnm, I £1613s. 4A Salaries, provisional and temporary—Medical atten dance at the Dry Creek Labour Prison, £200. Allowances—In lieu of forage for one horse to Colonial Surgeon, including arrears, £46 8s. 6A; Assistant Health Officers, for Sanitary Reports, at Es, per ship, £100. Contingencies—Government Vaccine Institution—Kent of Central Office, payments to practitioners, and inci dental expenses, £300. Adelaide Hospital—Medicines and medical comforts, £1,000; provisions and light for servants and patients, £1,260; bedding, clothing, and sundries, £600. Port Adelaide—Medicines and medical comforts, £10; clothing, provisions, &c.;, £60; uniforms for Assistant Health Officers, £22. Total Medical, £5,96517s. Ed. The COLONIAL SECRETARY would eaU the attention of the Clerk to a misprint under this head. Robe and Port Lincoln had been by accident misplaced, and the names would have to be transposed. The amount, as read, was passed. I.ottatic Asrtmr. Salaries—Superintendent (alsoColonial Surgeon, Ac.); Head Keeper, second class (apartments, rations, and), £160; four Assistant Keepers (ditto) 366 days, one at 4s. 6d, two at 4s., and one at 3s. 6d., £292 16s.; Door keeper (ditto) 368 days, at 3s„ £5418s.; Housekeeper (ditto) 366 days, at 4s., £73 4s.; Cook and Washer (ditto) 366 days, at 3s, £5418s.; two Nurses (ditto) 366 days, one at 2b. Cd., and one at 2s, £32 7s. Increase under Clerks' Salary Act, £30; temporary increase on salary, £45; add difference between salaries paid in January, February, and March, and the rates fixed by these Estimates, £14 9s. lOd. Contingencies—Medical comforts, £409; provisions and light fur servants and patients, including those con fined in Gaol, £1,500; bedding, clothing, and sundries, £450. Total Lunatic Asylnm, £3,177 12s. 10A The COLONIAL SECRETARY asked whether a Message from His Excellency had been received in reference to this department . The CHAIRMAN replied that an addition of £36 lis. 3d. had been made for an extra Mr. REYNOLDS asked whether any notice had been taken of the accusations of neglect brought against the Colonial Surgeon, now ab sent from the colony, in reference to the treat ment of lunatics in the Gaol. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said that the charges were not bore out by the evidence, and the G-overnment did not think proper to take action on unsuificient grounds. Mr. REYNOLDS was sorry to hear thehon. the Colonial Secretary say that any charges made by the Estimates Committee were not borne out by the evidence. Had that been the case the hon. the Colonial Secretary should have pointed it out when the fourth report was adopted by the House. The COLONIAL SECRETARY had not said that the lunatics in the Gaol were as well treated as they would have been in the Lxnatie Asylum. He had only stated that the evidence did not fix the blame on the Colonial Surgeon. The amount, as amended, £3,214 4s. Id., was then agreed to. Police. Salaries.—Commissioner of Police, £500; one Clerk, second class, £160; two Clerks, third class, one at £150, and one at £100, £250. Foot Police, City of Adelaide One Inspector, second class (quarters and), £200; six Sergeants (clothing and), 9s. per diem each, £988 4s.; six Corporals (ditto), 7s. 9d., £350 19s.; forty-four Con stables (ditto), 6s. 6d, £5,233 16a.; Female Searcher, Adelaide, £30. Foot Police, Port Adelaide and subarbs —One Sergeant (clothing and), 9s. per diem, £16114s.; eleven Constables (ditto). 6s. 6(L, £1,303 9s. Water Police, Port Adelaide—One Sergeant and Coxswain (clothing and), 9s. per diem. £164 lis.; fivo Constables and Boatmen (ditto), 6s. 64. per diem each, £594 15s. 1 Mounted Police.—Central Division—Two Inspectors (quarters and), one first class at £225, and one second class at £160, £385; one Sergeant-Major (quarters, clothing, and) lis. per diem, £201 6s.; two Sergeants (ditto), 9s. per diem each, £329 8s.; eight Corporals (ditto), 7s. 9d., £1,13412s.; one Saddler (ditto), 7s. 9d., £ 41 16s. 6d.; fifty-eight Constables (ditto), 6s. 6d., £6,899 2s.; one Sergeant-Armourer, and Magazine Keeper (ditto), 9s. per diem, nine months, £123 10s. 6d. Sonth-Eastern Division—One Inspector, second class (quarters and), £200; two Corporals (quarters, clothing, and), 7s. 9d. per diem each, £233 13s.; nine Constables (ditto),6s. 6d. per diem each, £1,070 lis. Western Divi sion—Two Sergeants (quarters, clothing, and), 9s. per diem, £329 Ss.; two Corporals (ditto), 7s. 9d. per diem, £283 13.; eight CoDBtables (ditto), Cs. 6d.per diem each, £351. Increases under Clerks' Salary Act, £11; additional pay to Constables for length of service, £100; temporary increase on salaries, £43610s.: add difference between salaries paid in January, February, and March, and the rates fixed by these Estimates, £362 7s. 6d. Note—Although the whole of the I'olice-Conitolles are set down at the uniform rate of 6s. 6d. per diem, it s to be understood that one-third of Uie men will be ranked in each of three grades, the daily pay in which will be, respectively, 6s., 6s. 6d., and 7s.; promotion being made from time to time by the Police Commis sioner, at his discretion. Allowances—Additional pay to men when employed on detective duty, at Is. per diem, £146; additional pay to Police Officer acting as Driil-Scrgeant of Metropolitan Police, at Is. per diem, £L8 6s.; in lieu of quarters to one Inspector of Foot Police, £50; ditto, to Inspectors of Mounted Police in country districts, at £40 per annum each, £30. Contingencies—Petty expenses of department, £20; office furniture, £25; oil and light at central and ont stations, £175; clothing and equipments, including alter- , ing aud fitting, £1,000; veterinary and farriery, £450; forage, £3,500; remount horses, £150; rations to pri soners, £100; water for horses at Port Adelaide and Pon Wakefield, £30; furniture, tools, repair of carts, boats, Ac, and sundries, £265; lire-engine, including cost of water and of labour employed, £400; travelling expenses to Officers and Constables and transport of stores £1,000; rations and contingencies for native guides, £150; rent of police out- stalions. £103; fees for des truction of dogs, under Act No, 5 of 1S52, £100. Salaries of Officers reduced—(Salaries to the several dates of reduction, including increases nndcr Clerks' Salary Act, and the temporary increase on salary)— Superintendent, £102 Is. 8d.; Paymaster and Quarter master, £61 5s.; Quartermaster-Sergeant, £47 15s. 6d.; j one Adelaide Foot inspector, £43 6s. Sd.; Port Adelaide ditto, £615s.; Northern Inspector (office vacant), £20; Western Inspector, £1315s.; three Sergeants, Adelaide, £225 13s. 6d.; twelve Constables, ditto, £347 8s.; one Corporal, Port Adelaide, £70 18s. 3d.; five Constables, ditto, £297 7s. 6d.; five Native Constables, £6712s. 6 J. Total Police, £33,769 5s. Id. The COLONIAL SECRETARY moved that £40 be added to the salary of the Second Inspector in the Mounted Police, who had been brought in from the Western District to fill that post, and who would, without that addi tion, be actually reduced in his salary. Mr. HUGHES wished to ask the hon. Co lonial Secretary how the Government could continue to get policemen at a lower rate of wages than he could get a common labouring man to work for him for. The COLONIAL SECEETARY said that it had been necessary to make reductions in order to bring the expenditure within the income. The pay of the police had been increased more in proportion from 1S50 to the present time than any other department of the public service. Mr. BAKER wished to ask whether it was true that the police had responded to the call of the Government and resigned in a body. He considered that the Government had made such a call upon the police through the reports of the Police Commissioner, who had held out to the Force the inducement of higher pay in a neighbouring colony. The officer in an army who acted in that way would deserve hanging at the first convenient opportunity. (A laugh.) I He must also call attention, to ttie principle on I which superior appointments were made. Nine Police Inspectors had been appointed in Ade- I laide, and not one man promoted from the ranks to that office. Much harm had arisen 1 from this course, and the sooner it was 1 abandoned the better. It was not only in the Police Force that this system pre vailed, hut it might he traced through the whole of the Government departments. He would allude to the case of Major War burton himself, who had been introduced over the heads of men in the service able to take the position. He would allude also to the case of Captain Dashwood, who had been made Col lector of Customs, and whose duties were now j performed by a junior officer in the department at half the salary. He would allude further to the cases of Mr. Egan, the Governor of the Gaol, Mr. Hare, the Comptroller of Convicts, Captain Douglas, the Harbour-Master, and Mr. James, the Colonial Storekeeper—all illustra tions of that • evil system which he sincerely hoped to see abandoned. The COLONIAL SECRETARY—The hon. member for Mount Darker had-touched upon very important matter. In the first place, the distribution of patronage had been alluded to. That was one of the most difficult of all questions. For one who was satisfied there were always SO who were dissatisfied; and with the greatest possible care mistakes would be made. Dut in the distribution of patronage in this colony there had been as much care exer cised, and as few mistakes made, as in any British colony whatever. Efficiency had never been lost 6ight of, nor merit neglected. The case of Major Warburton was quite excep tional. The Police Force had been quite dis organized by the removal of most of the men. Under Mr. Tolmer's Commissionership the Inspectors resigned, and there was no man left in the Force fitted by education and experience for the office, excepting Reid, who was made an Inspector. The office of Commissioner lite ndlyweatahegging, having beenoffered toMsyor > O'Halloran, to Major Moore, and to another gentleman, who would not accept it. Major Warburton arrived hare a stranger personalty, to every one in the colony, but deemed very suitable, from his antecedents as a military man, for the post, and it was offered to him. With reference to the question as to -the resign nation of the police, lie must distinctly sepa rate the remarks of the Commissioner, in his reports, from the acts of the Government. A question was now before the Government as to the pay of the police, but their policy on the point must be learned from the Estimates. He believed it would be utterly impossible to stop the police from going to Victoria, if the only way of doing it were by giving them wages as high as they could get there. But he was not sure that they did not get an equivalent sum. It was not the amount of money they received" that made their position desirable; but the amount of comfort they could obtain for their incomes. The question of reductions was one which the Government must duly face if they would do their duty to the public, and in facing it they had acted to the best of their ability. Mr. PEACOCK thought it appeared that the Government differed very essentially from the Commissioner of Police, and the sooner there was a dissolution of the partnership between them the better. (A laugh.) Mr. FORSIEK was glad to find that the Government did not take upon themselves the responsibility of the reports of the Commis sioner of Police. But it must be remembered that the Commissioner himself throws the re sponsibility of those reports upon the Govern ment. [Here the hon. member read extracts from the evidence given by Major Warburton before the Select Committee, in which the Commissioner stated that his reports were not published by the Government as forwarded by himself.] Those answers showed clearly that the Commissioner believed the Government to he ans vrerablefor fchepublication ornon-publication of his reports, and of the sentiments contained in them when published by the Government. He would recommend the reconsideration of the salaries, which the hon. Colonial Secretaty had stated were still a question undecided by the Government, as the best course to be pur sued on that question. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL did not rise to speak to the question before the Committee, but to show the fallacy of the principle recom mended by the hon. member for Mount Barker in reference to promotions. That principle, aa laid down by the hon. member, would seem to be that the inferior officers of each department were to have a monopoly of promotion in that department. He had not said that the Govern ment had appointed unsuitable persons; no question of their efficiency had been raised; the only objection was that they had not been pre viously introduced into the department in a subordinate capacity. The Government would always give the preference to one of its own officers, if by so doing they did not impair the efficiency of the department. In the case of Major Warburton the condition of the Force at the present time was the best vindication of the conduct of the Government in appointing him to the Commissionersliip of Police. It was a compact and most efficient body. With regard to the Comptroller of Convicts he could only say that he did not believe that another ; person could be found in the colony who would ; have produced such results as had arisen from ; his management. Mr. HART quite concurred with the last speaker, in his view of the principle of pro moting from the ranks, TTi« own experience taught him that a good mate would very often make a very bad master. The real question was as to the effect of the statements made by Major "Warburton in his report. He did not blame Major Warburton for making these re marks,'for he was bound to say whatever he thought it was necessary to say for the infor mation of the Government; hut the publica tion of those remarks was a most unfortunate thing. In reference to the reduction of the police pay, he felt that it was a most unwise thing. It would have been far better to re duce the number of men in the force than to reduce the pay, for they would have re tained good men by that means, and would not so greatly have dete- f riorated the efficiency of the establishment. It would be impossible to keep men in this colony in the police or any other service when they could go to an adjoining colony and for the same services receive greater advantages. It was ODly by assimilating the rewards to pub lic servants to those received in other colonies that they could hope to retain efficient servants. Mr. REYNOLDS said the reduction of the pay was not a part of the recommendation of the Estimates Committee. If any insubordina tion arose in the service, or if constables left the Force in consequence of reduced pay, he hoped the Government would take the respon sibility upon themselves, and augment the pay to its original rate. It was, he believed, a piece of economy which it would require much less ability to recommend than to carry out. (Laughter.) The ADVOCATE-GENERAL thought the hon. gentleman should read the report. It ap peared that he had not thoroughly read it. Mr. REYNOLDS—Would the hon. Advo cate-General point out anything under the head " Police" in correction of what he had stated ? The ADVOCATE-GENERAL—Not under the head "Police," but in the latter part of the report. He thought the hon. gentleman had not read it thoroughly. Mr. BAKER called attention to the latter part of the fourth report, in which the words occur—" And also, in addition to the reduc tions which may, in the opinion of your Com mittee, be fairly made on the daily pay of policemen and others employed in the Govern ment service." (" Hear, hear," from the Go vernment benches.) That, so far as he was a member of the Committee, was an approval of the act of the Government. They had agreed to reduce the pay of the police, and so far the hon. member for West Torrens had lost sight of the point. It was agreed that there should be a reduction, but without stating what that redaction should be. It was determined to report that they would approve of such reduc tion as might fairly be made in the wages of these men. The Government had before made the reduction, but of which the Committee were not aware; so that the expressions in the report were merely an endorsation of what might be thought a fair reduction by the Go vernment. He thought the complaint was, that the Government had published Major Warburton's report, and by that means' threw the odium of the "reduction on the Committee, when it was really their own act. He would not take upon himself to say whether the amount fixed by the Executive was sufficient; that was their busi ness. The Executive having fixed upon the proper reduction, he was prepared to sanction it. The Government had committed an indis creet act, for which Major Warburton was not to blame. He gave his evidence as clearly and as correctly as possible; but the Government took upon themselves to pnblish his report. What he intended to say was, that when an open \- ing exists, and there is a person already in the Government service in a subordinate capacity, but who has proved himself capable of fulfilling the duties of the higher post, it would be unjust and unwise to set him aside and confer it on a stranger to the service. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member for Victoria said that a good mate might make a bad captain, but he would ask, did the hon. gentleman ever know a good captain, that must not have been a good, mate ? It was from good mates that the good cap fains Tvere selected. Did not merchants and shipowners generally prefer promoting men whose capacity and conduct they were ac quainted with ? The Advocate- General would scarcely attempt to deny that many strangers had, within the last few years, been placed over the heads of old officers. The hon. Advocate had referred to the case of Major Warburton himself; but he was quite willing to admit that might be an exceptional case. With re gard to his own conduct, he would not place a son of his in the position of a subordinate officer of Government, so to remain all the days of his life; but if there was to be no favouritism exercised unfairly against him—if he was to have a fair field and no favour in the matter of promotion—then he would consider a course of honourable emulation was open to him. But he could not do so if there was such a system of favouritism as had been shown to exist for the last two years in the Police Force. Nothing the hon. Advocate had said had altered in any way the opinions which he entertained upon that point. It was also clear that parents starting their sons newly in life had to pay large sums to keep them for a long time without remuneration; and if the Go vernment, adopting that system, would receive cadets there would be no necessity whatever to look to strangers to fill any official position. Mr. BLYTH was convinced that the reduc tion in police pay was a mistake, and that the Government would have to increase it. He would move that the item be reserved. Mr. PEACOCK would have more satisfac tion in voting for the pay of the men in the Police Force if that 6d. per day had not been taken off. He was in the habit of employing a great number of men, and he gave his labourers from £2 to £2 2s. per week. He was not speaking of mechanics, but of mere labourers • and he did not think they could expect to get constables for less than private people had to pay for common labourer*, H« quite approved of the amendment of the him. member for Yatala. He would be pleased to see an in crease in the pay of the men. Mr. NEALES referred to 1852, when the question of fuismg-'ths' salaries of the "police was resisted by theGovernment. [ The best of the men left the service, and then this salaries had to be raised. They how had confessedly a good body of men, and if they withdrew in dissatisfaction, they would have to give the increase to inferior -men, or at least to men who would have a great deal to learn. They had Sir better reduce the number of men, "for it was very unadvisable to reduce the pay. Mr. REYNOLDS confessed that one portion of the Commissioner's recommendations had escaped his notice. He however felt himself quite at liberty to oppose that recommendation. He regarded it as an extrajudicial opinion. [Here the hon. gentleman made a remark which we did not catch/1 The ADYOCATE-GENERAL—Did the hon. gentleman mean to assert that the Government effected the reduction with the view of raising a feeling in the minds of the working classes against the Committee ? If so, he would say it was not worthy of any person having a seat in that House, and could only occur to some person who felt that he would be quite capable of doing such a thing himseif. There was nothing in the conduct of the Go vernment to warrant the hon. gentleman in saying such a thing, if he did say it. With re gard to the remarks of the hon. member for Mount Barker, some of them must have been made in total forgetfulness of the facts. Mr. Tolmer had been promoted from the rank of Sub-Inspector progressively to that of Com missioner. Mr. Alford and Mr. Reid also had been raised to the rank of Inspectors; and, with the exception of Mr. Stuart, there had not been an officer in the Police Force who had not been raised from the ranks. Mr. REYNOLDS—It appeared that the Committee recommended a reduction, and the Government adopted that reduction. There was a feeling out of doors—he did not say it was a correct one—but there was a feeling that the Government were playing into the hands of the labouring classes. (Hear, hear.) He did not say that such was the case, but he would say that appearances were in favour of the sup position. He would, however, withdraw it, as he could not suppose they would be guilty of such an act. The COLONIAL TREASURER said it did not always follow that promotion should go in one department. Great injustice would arise if such were the rule. An hon. member ; did right to go back to the time when Rounse veil and others left the Police Force for the ! diggings. There were then left in the Force ] absolutely no officer fit to conduct the duty. It was then necessary for the Government to make selections, and they did so to the best | of their judgment from "persons previously unconnected with the Force. He would now refer to the charge of favouritism, which it was said existed in the public service Mr. BAKER had not made that charge. The same view had been taken before, and he would take that opportunity of stating that he had said nothing of the kind. The COLONIAL TREASURER—When an hon. member made a charge of that kind he was bound to support it. When the hon. gentleman brought forward the case of Mr. Dashwood he should have recollected that he had been in the service before he was appointed Collector of Customs. He had been Commissioner of Police. He had been an officer in the navy, and also a member of the Nominee Council, and was next in rank, and so properly promoted to the head of the Customs Department. The opinion of the I hon. member for Mount Barker might be taken • for what it was worth. He would express, in opposition to it, his opinion, which should, of course, also go for what it was worth. Ano ther officer had been referred to—the present Sheriff. In that, as in all other cases, it was the duty of the Government to get the best possible value for the people's money. (Hear, hear.) That was specially the case with regard to the Sheriff. That gentleman was recom mended by every member of the legal pro fession. The opinions of the profession should and did have great weight. Those gentlemen, who were hourly transacting business with him, testified to his fitness for the post. He did not say that there were not in the service persons capable of filling the post; but he did say that, looking at the recommenda tion referred to, the Government had a right to regard him as most capable. He denied that there was any such thing as favouritism in the public service. (A laugh.) Mr. FORSTER would support the amend ment of the hon. member for Yatala, that the j item should be deferred and the rate of police pay reconsidered. He rose, however, chiefly to ask the names of two Inspectors, one of whom was a first class clerk and the other not, and j the reason for snch distinction. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said the ] name of the Inspectors were Hamilton and ] Holroyd. The former was a first class clerk, as, in consequence of the abolition of the office of Superintendent, a greatly increased responsi bility rested on him. Before he sat down, he | would refer to the question of police pay. He would say at once, after that expression of hon. members' opinions, that he would withdraw the I item. He might also remark that the | question was under the serious considera tion of the Executive, and whatever I course the Council would take it would J not affect the decision of the Executive. If the Executive considered, after an examination of J the bearings of the ease, that the pay should be raised, they would raise it. That course would. I however, now be unnecessary as so many hon. members had expressed the opinion that the j item should be reserved with a view to con sidering the propriety of restoring the police pay to the same rate as last year. Hon. mem bers had referred to the price of labour at the | present time, and stated that the proposed pay was below that rate. He thought that the pay of the police should be somewhat above the pay of the labourer. They wanted for the ser vice not only able-bodied but respectable men, and with the pay of the police somewhat over that of the labourer, they would ensure the services of a proper body of men. Even with equal pay there were "advantages in the situa tion of a policeman which no labourer could command. His pay was continuous, his employ- [ ment was certain, whereas the labouring man lost his pay if he was absent for a day. Again, after finishing with one employer he must of neces "sity lose time in looking for another. Then in sickness the policeman's pay ran on with the exception or one smiling a day deduction, and he 'was, without additional charge, supplied with medical attendance. The clothing also was an advantage, particularly the boots, which he could wear at all times. Those advantages, with the pay a little in excess of labourers' wages, should always secure the services of a superior class of men. He should reserve the item until the Executive had disposed of the matter, which was, as he had said, now before them. He could not dismiss the subject with out referring to certain remarks that had been made. The Government had not, in framing the Estimates, sought to place the Estimates Committee in a disadvantageous position with the public. Neither had they, in conducting the public business in that House, sought to play into the hands of the labouring classes. They did what they considered their duty in a straightforward manner. They steered a clear course uninfluenced by the labouring class on the one hand or capitalists on the other. They endeavoured to employ the revenue bo as to produce the greatest amount of public good. Seeing that the revenue was not so flourishing as they expected, they were compelled to effect reductions, and in doing so had to cut down many salaries. He might remark also that they did not contemplate a renewal of the 50 per cent, gratuity. (Hear, hear.) When the Estimates were flamed so far back as last January it was evident that there was a surplus of labour. They had a flee labour station. They were employing men in town and at the Dry Creek. The price of labour had then become low and was likely to get lower still - That was the object of the Government in flaming the Estimates; and although the opi nions of the Estimates Committee had not seen the light of day in the shape of the fourth report, the subjeet bad been canvassed in Com mittee, and, as had been stated by the Chair man, they were prepared to endorse the act of the Government. He was quite willing to re serve the item. Mr. BAKER was not running away from any part of the responsibility which fairly attached to the Committee. The hon. Secre tary most recollect that the subjeet was dis cussed in the Committee, and it would have been as well for him to have stated that it was he who suggested it. (Hear, hear.) The COLONIAL SECRETARY was quite ready to admit that he had suggested it, and that the.other members of Committee con curred in it. They Beemed then to be playing a sort of battledore and shuttlecock game, each shrinking from the responsibility. With regard to the next item, he would withdraw it also, for 'the proposed increase must run through the whole Estimate. Mr. BAKER did not think it right to throw the responsibility on the Council when it should rest on the Government, who published Major Warhurton's report. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL was re minded by that reasoning of the fable of the ostrich, whieh, in covering its head, imagined it concealed itsel£ Did the hon. member think .that the report in question was the only means the police had to know the rates of pay prevailing in" the neighbouring colonies, and especiaUy-with reference to 'a department ana logo ustotheir own? Could the publication of the report have any other effect than to call the attention of the Executive and Legislature to a subject which it was their especial province to consider. He repudiated as utterly repug nant to the common sense of every man the supposition that, even if the Government had not published the report, the police would not be just as well informed of the remu neration and advantages of the Victorian service. Mr. BAKER—The inconsistency was in the fact that at the time the reduction was sought to be made by the Government they should have put forth such a statement. The question had now arisen from the publication of that state ment. He was not desirous of shrinking from any responsibility, but he did say that the hon. Colonial Secretary suggested the reduction, and he concurred in it. He certainly thought, also, the reduction would have been carried out but for the publication of that report. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL made some remarks inaudible in the gallery. Mr. FORSTER was glad to hear the Sur veyor-General state that the Government did not second the report of the Police Commis sioner. The Government, however, could not avoid the responsibility of publishing the report, as they alone had control of the Government Gazette. The hon. Advocate General had asked whether the men would not have known the pay and advan tages received by the police in Victoria, just as well as if the report had never been published. The learned Advocate's argument struck at the root of all responsibility. Sup- I posing lie made the report, it should not hare been put forward. What effect had statements generally when put forward by officers having the control of men ? If the men became dis affected in consequence of statements put for ward, they had a right to hold the Commis sioner responsible, independent of any other source of information which the men might ] have. The Commissioner was responsible for j the natural effect of the statements put forth. The question of patronage had been largely j discussed. He did not know that, abstractedly, that question had fairly arisen from the re marks of the hon. member for Mount Barker. That hon. gentleman's statements referred to the implied assertion of the Commis sioner, that higher pay and quicker pro motion awaited the men in Victoria. He referred to that colony as offering peculiar advantages to the men. The Government contended that such advantages cannot exist here, and the Commissioner argued that in consequence of a state of affairs which did not apply here the Force was damaged. He asked why they did not apply the rule of promotion here if its existence elsewhere tended to dis organize the Force where it did not exist. A new code of Police regulations had recently been adopted in Victoria, in which the pro motion of officers from the next subordinate rank was fully recognised. A feeling of great satisfaction had been expressed by the Vic torian community at that regulation. If that principle were adopted here he was convinced a much more satisfactory state of things would ensue. He did not say that it was a rule that would apply in every case, but in every case where it could be applied it should be applied. Mr. NEALES observed, in answer to the Surveyor-General's remark, that he felt very, proud of endorsing the Commissioner's appeal, so far at least as his doing might have aided in securing a fair rate of pay for the police. If the plan of fair and reasonable payment were not adopted, they would lose the good men and have to pay those who were less efficient. Mr. ANGAS remarked that if the hon. Co lonial Secretary did not avail himself of the j present opportunity of passing his Estimates, he might have some difficulty in getting through ' with them at all. Discussion was leading to discussion, that there seemed no prospect of [ dispatching business. He would urge the I hon. Colonial Secretary to go on with the Estimates, reserving any especial points if ne cessary. I The ADVOCATE-GENE BAT/ said the hon. member for "West Adelaide had brought rather a serious charge against the Government with reference to promotion in the Police Force. If 1 the Government had proposed to increase the number of officers in proportion to the number of men they might be suspected of wishing to increase their means of patronage; but the Go vernment, on the other hand, agreed with the Committee that less officers than those formerly employed would, under present circumstances, be sufficient. This would lessen their means of patronage, and would lessen, also, of course, the chances of promotion for the men, hut it was not fair to charge this necessary effect upon the Government. It was the Committee who I had in the first instance recommended the alteration which it was now said would prevent any chance of quick promotion in the Police i Force. | Mr. BAKER observed that the late appoint ments of Inspectors were not made from among I the members of the Force. | The COLONIAL SECRETARY said that at the time the appointments were made there were not any men in the Force fit to perform i the duties of Inspectors. He moved that the item of £600 for rations be increased to £1,200. The same amount would be deducted from the item " Convict Establishment." > Item passed. CoXTTCT ESTABLISHMENT. Salaries—Comptroller (house and), £450; one Superin tendent, first class (quarters and), £225; ten Guards (quarters and), one at lis., three at 10s., three at 9s., and three at 8s.per diem each, £1,683 12s.; Matron, £20. Increases under Clerks' Salary Act, £15; tern >etweea salaries paid in January, February, and March, and the rates fixed by these Estimates, £7 16s. 3d. Contingencies—For religions instruction at Dry Creek Labour Prison, including travelling expenses, £150; provisions and rations for (say 150 male and 50 female) convicts, £3,850; clothing for prisoners, bedding, Ac., £900; fuel and fight, £200; tools, materials, and mis cellaneous, £200; coal for blacksmith's forge, £100. Salary of Officer reduced—Clerk, third class, three months' salary to 29th February, 1856, including all in creases, £26 17s. 4d. Total Convict Establishment, £3,005 15s. 7d. The COLONIAL SECRETARY moved the reduction of this item to £7,355 15s. 7cL, iu consequence of the transfer of certain sums to the Gaol Department. Passed. Inspectors of Sheep. Salaries, provisional and temporary—Four Inspec tors, one at £350, and two at £300 for twelve months: and one at £100 per annum for eight months, £1,016 13s. 4d.; add difference between salaries paid in January, February, and March, and the rates fixed by these Es timates, £37 lis. 8d. Contingencies—Travelling expenses of lnspectors,£360. Total Inspectors of Sheep, £1,414 5s, Passed. Milhabt. Military Guard.—Allowances—Colonial pay or officers and others of Military Guard at Adelaide, 12,030. Contingencies—Sent of barracks, repairs, Ac., £700. Total Military Guard, £2,700. Passed. VonmrrnKB Militaet Eoacs. Local and Volunteer Military Forces—Salaries, pro visional, and temporary, of Officers, reduced—(Cost to date of disbandment of Force, and collection of arms, Ac.)—Three Staff Officers at £365 per annum, £304 3s. 4d.; four Staff Sergeants, at £182 10s. per annum, £152 ls.Sd.; arrears of pay undrawn, £1 16s. Contingencies—Incidental expenses, £523 10s. Sd. Total Volunteer Military, £031 lis. 5d. Passed. Post Elliot urn Goolwa Tkawwat. Salaries, provisional and temporary—Superintendent and Engineer, £100; Bookkeeper (also Clerk of Local Courts, Port Elliot and Goolwa), £160; two V'archonsc rno.n, and one Brcaksman, each 314 days, i t 7s. Sd, £353 5s, ; one Teamster (cottage and), 366 £109 18m. one Labourer, 314 days, at fc'e, £94 4s. Add difference between Balary of Superintendent paid in January, and the rate fixed in these Estimates, £16 13s. 4d. Contingencies—Incidental expenses, £25; materials and extra labour for maintenance of line, £100 j forage for horses, repairs to harness and sundries, or mainte nance of locomotive power, £300; purchase of horses, or of a locomotive engine, £100. Total Port Elliot and Goolwa Tramway, £1,35318s, 4d. Passed. AGXNT-G EK~BRi.lt. Contingencies—Postages, advertisements, ftc., £50. Total Agent-General, £60. South Australian Bane Agency. Contingencies—Commission on bond transactions In London, £200. Total South Australian Agency, £200. Passed. Pensions, Retired Allowances, and Gratuities. Annmrity to Charles Start, Esq., authorized by Act No. 12 of 185L (Fide Summary of Expenditure on pageB.) Compensation to persons deprived of their appointments by the reduction of their offices, after the rate of one month's fixed pay for every year of actual service ... £500 0 0 Sum required in 1856, in excess of contribu tions of officers under Superannuation Act, to pay allowances to persons retired from the service—portion of £10,000reserved in Act No. 21, of 1854 250 0 0 Total £760 0 0 The COLONIAL SECRETARY explained, in answer to Mr. Scott, that the sum of £250, in aid of Superannuation allowance, was to be taken out of the sum of £10,000 secured by the Act. Passed. PUBUCVroBES,BUILDINGS, AM) IMPBOYEMENIS. Woaxs Aim Buildihgs. Estimated Sum re cost of quired work, in 1856. Mew Adelaide Hospital (third Instal ment), in adlition to £15,375 previ ously authorized £37,600 £5,000 Alterations at General Post-Office, in cluding fittings, Ac. — 100 Completion of Labour Prison, Dry Creek. £17,050; of which£7,178 appears in Estimates of 1854: and £1^122 in Es timates of 165* 17,050 8,050 Rebuilding Police Station at Wellington 665 65S Fencing Police Paddocks at 15 out stations ... 2,560 500 Ditto at Adelaide... — 65 Police Station at Franklin Harbour ... — 20 Police Barracks Additions and repairs to Adelaide Hoa iata), including new roof — 650 Ditto at Lunatic Asylum {diTdiyr yard) — 105 us £ orn House at Port Wakefield . — 250 Construction of four cells and wall at Port Adelaide Police Station .. To District Council of Onkaparingafor moiety of cost of erecting ana fur . nishing a Court-House at Woodside to be conveyed to Government ... 3E0 Furniture for Government Honse ... 2,000 Additions, alterations, and repairs to public buildings generally _ 2,600 Boms, SraKEis, Beidghs, Public WOBKS, BHD IKPBOVBKEHTS. For completion of bridge over Biver Torrens To Trinity Board, for placingnew buoys and beacons in the Channel Forming new road to Lnnatic Asylum Planting grounds at Government House Total Public Works, Buildings and Im provements ... ... ... — — £21,894 Mr. SCOTT moved that a further sum of £350 be inserted for six mooring buoys. Carried. Mr. ANGAS enquired whether the sumof £2,500 for additions and alterations was in tended for anything further at Government House, in addition to the £2,000 already put down for furniture. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL replied in the negative. It was for the keeping up of public buildings generally. Item-passed for £22,564 lis. MlSCELLlIfBOUB SSBVICES. Collection ofCensos in 1855 £36 Electoral charges, 1855 200 Stationery for Public Departments ... ... 1,600 Fuel for ditto 1,000 Queen's Cnp for native horses 100 To Agricultural Society to be awarded in pre miums for horse stock and agricultural imple ments Reprinting Gazette notices in German News paper 62 Murray navigation medals 13 Unforeseen expenses 600 Formation and maintenance o? Public Botanical Garden 1,000 Total Miscellaneous Services £4,601 The COLONIAL SECRETARY moved; the addition of £500 for the South Australian Institute. Carried. Mr. PEACOCK moved that the sum of £100 for the Queen's Cup be struck out. It was an item which at all times he had objected to, though he knew that many gentlemen differed from him in opinion. He certainly thought, however, that under present circum stances there would scarcely be a single member who would raise his voice in its favour. The retention of the item upon the Estimates would be a gross insult to all whom the pre sent state of the public revenue had compelled to submit to reduction, and he did not see how it could possibly be suffered to remain. He had no objection to the next item on the list, though it was double the amount, because He thought it was for the promotion of a really good object—the improvement of agriculture and agricultural implements. Its effect was to raise and to advance the colony; but a prize for horse-racing could only tend to the debasement of the people, to the encouragement of vice and immorality. He only mentioned this, however, to show that it was not so much the amount that he objected to as the object to which it was to be applied. He would readily let the £100 remain, if it could be divided into four sums of £25 each, I and giveu to the four worst paid officers in the Government service. (A laugh.l Mr. HUGHES seconded the motion. The COLONIAL SECRETARY was really surprised that such a motion should have found a seconder, and he must still think it would not receive any further support. Mr. PEACOCK—"'Hope tells a flattering tale." (Much laughter.) The COLONIAL SECRETARY was afraid he should have to call the hon. gentleman to order. He must repeat it, that he should he veiy much surprised to find such a motion sup ported by the Committee. The proposed item was for the encouragement of our own breed of horses, which, it was well known, was a matter of the utmost importance, and one which ought always to receive the favourable consi deration of the Legislature. We had had many valuable horses imported at a large ex pense, and the breed in the colony had been so materially improved that already a brisk export trade to India was springing up, and seemed likely to increase. It was most impor tant to the farmers that every description of export trade which would open a market for their produce should be encouraged, and he could not but regard the motion as one inju rious to the agricultural interests. He did not agree with the hon. member in his denun ciations of horse-racing, which did not seem him to have a more immoral tendency; any other description of amusement. Mr. ANGAS had imported several good thorough-fared horses,.and he was quite sure he had never been induced to do so by the offer of £100 under the name of the Queen's Cup. He quite agreed in thinking horse-racing a most demoralizing amusement, and he should cer tainly snpport the motion. Mr. PEACOCK did not see how the with drawal of the Queen's Cup could injure the farmers, nor how he could be sup posed willing to neglect . or undervalue the agricultural interest, when he had just expressed his approval of the very next item of £200 for agricultural prizes. He did not think the farmers in any way interested in the prize for racehorses for, though they had been referred to as articles of export, he believed it was pretty well understood that tbey were not likely to continue so, for the horses we bred had been found too light for the Tndtan service. The truth was it was not a vote for the encouragement of an export trade, but for the assistance and encouragement of horse-racing— an amusement which, in his opinion, ought not to be encouraged, but rather dis countenanced. They had at that moment before tbcm a specimen of the morality of the turf in the case of an English horse-raccr, who had murdered sixteen persons. (Ob, oh!) Was he not a horse-racer? He was in the habit of attending races and betting upon the horses, and when be lost a wager his practice was to invite the man he lost it to to dine with him, and then to give him poison. If they wanted an instance of the good effect of racing, or its moral influence, he thought that was a climax for them. Mr. NEAT,EH considered the illustration most unfairly introduced. He could, with equal ease, prove literature to be degrading aud demoralizing by pointing to another dreadful climax in America. He could tell them of a man of the highest literary attainments, who, being indebted to a brother scholar, invited him into his study, and there deliberately murdered ln'm ■ but literature was no more chargeable with the death of Dr. Parkman than horse-racing with the supposed fate of Palmer's victims. The object in each instance was the removal of a claimant, and the murderous act was wholly unconnected witli the origin ol the debt, i or himselt he had always voted in favour of the Queen's Cap, and he should do so again, for he perfectly well knew that unless we kept up the highest breed of horses in its purity, we should have a general deterioration in horse stock throughout the colony, and soon he without «r»imala fit: either for use or for export. He had been surprised to hear the strong remarks which had been made upon the supposed immorality of horse-racing, and he thought in fairness some of the great and good men who had encouraged the amusement should hare been mentioned as well as that of a criminal who chanced also to be connected with the turf. The greatest Prime Minister, perhaps, that England ever had, was accustomed to attend and encourage races. He never murdered six teen people. (A laugh.) Sir Eobert Peel never invited a man to dine with him and give him poison. He thought he was entitled, as refe rence had been made to one frequenter of the turf in England, to mention one or two others; and he would remind them that our Q.ueen, whom we all profess to love and honour, was a constant attendant at the races. Surely Her Majesty would not encourage by her presence an amusement of a degrading and immoral tendency. Mr. AN GAS repeated that many of those who had imported the best horses had nothing to do with racing. Mr. SCOTT would vote against the motion, and leave those who were interested in horses to support their own amusements. He could imagine no argument in favonr of voting public money to the encouragement of horse-breeding which might not equally apply to any other branch of enterprise or industry. Mr. PEACOCK very much regretted the introduction of Her Majesty's name , into the discussion. He yielded to no one in loyalty nor in attachment to our beloved Queen, but he did not think he should, show either by associating.her name in any way with the question before the Committee. In bis opinion it was an inshlt to Her Majesty to call the vote of JE10? by her name. If Her Majesty attended races .and. gave cups to be ran for, no doubt she paid' lor them herself; but the raring gentlemen of South Australia wanted to have pnzes given in the Queen's name for Hiam to run for, and to make other people bear the cost. He had no objection to their themselves ill their, own way, nor the least disposition to inteefero with their giving or running for what cape or prizes they chose; but he had a very great objection to their putting their hands into his pocket to paj for the prizes. He did not see that he was wrong in referring to the English horse-racer. It could not be denied that his debts had arisen out of wagers, nor that he and the people he had murdered were a set of horse-racers and gamblers together. It was dog eatdpg-withttem. ; The amount was struck out/without a di vision. Mr. FORSTER moved that .the amount be added as a prize for horses to the sum of £200 " put down for the Agricultural Society. Mr. PEACOCK saw no reason for that; £200 was quite sufficient. The COLONIAL TREASURER would have the £100 set aside for a prize to the best thorough-bred horse at the Adelaide Show. Those who undervalued the -high breed of horses knew nothing of the matter. It was most, important, and ought to be encouraged. By his proposition the feelings of those members ■would be met who objected to horse-racing, and at the same time the object he had in view would be attained. Mr. NE ALES seconded the motion. Mr. HUGHES did not think it fair to give so large a sum for the Adelaide show, unless they were prepared to support the country shows to a proportionate extent. He had felt the same about the Queen's Cup; it was en couraging a show in town, and offering no similar assistance to Bhows in the country. He spoke of a horse-race as a show, for it was really nothing more. To talk of the Queen's Cnp as a vote for the encouragement of the breed of horses was ridiculous. Every one knew that the result of racing depended more upon the jockey and upon the management of the horse than it did upon his breed.or real qualities. He should certainly vote against the motion unless equal encouragement could be given to town and country exhibitions. The COLONIAL TREASURER said it would be impossible to vote prizes for all of them. Adelaide was the central show, and the prize would not be confined to horses bred in or near town. Those who had animals worth showing would bring them 4n fromjall parts of the colony. He moved. the insertion of the words "ssa prize for the best thorough bred horse." - Mr. PEACOCK would oppose that vote as much as the Queen's Cup. It was only giving the same prize in another way. Mr. SCOTT said it should he specified of - what breed the horse should be. It might be a cart horse. (A laugh.) Mr. NEALES begged to inform the horn member that there was only one description of horse termed." thorough-bred." They could no more speak of a thorough-bred cart horse than of a three-masted brig. (Continued laughter.) ' The Committee divided npon the Colonial Treasurer's motion, which was lost by a ma jority of 1. Ates, 6—The Colonial Secretary, the Colonial Treasurer, Messrs. Fisher, Neales, Angas, and Forster. Noes, 7—The Advocate-General, Messrs Hughes, Reynolds, Scott, Kingston, Bagot, and Peacock. The item was then passed for £5,1019s. 6d. Scbcedcle D, Pasts 1 & 2. Additional sum required tor Schedule 9, Farts 1 and 2, beyond amount reserved in Imperial Act £3,871 Mr. REYNOLDS remarked that one of the salaries in this schedule was the Coroner's, and . he wished to call attention to the tact that the average cost of inquests held by that gentleman was £10, while thoseheld by Magistrates wasouly £1 6s. He did not say this with any intention of opposing the vote, but for the sake of calling attention to the very small amount of work the Coroner had to perform, oc cupying him on an average for at the most about two hours - a week. He would therefore suggest that he was one of the most proper officers in the Government service to become a pluralist, for really at present he had scarcely anything to do. An bon. gentle man said, " He plays the Government organ." (A laugh.) He (Mr. Reynolds) did not really know what organ was referred to; .but"he supposed it was intended to insinuate that the appointment of the Coroner was something of a job. He must confess he had himself in the first instance, regarded it a little in that light; but he could not suspect the present Govern ment of such a policy as the supposition would imply. Mr. FOBSTER enquired if the item for temporary increase of salaries was intended to include any augmentation to those of the Judges. The COLONIAL SECRETARY replied in the affirmative. All ealaries, except the Governor's, were included. The addition to those of the Judges was £340, £120 for each Judge. Mr. FORSTER moved that the amount of the vote be reduced by £340, being the amount intended to be temporarily added to the Judge's salaries. His reason for this motion was that His Honor the Second Judge had expressed his opinion that any increase made to the Judges' salaries must be permanent, and Could not afterwards be reduced or discontinued. Mr. KINGSTON seconded the motion for the same reason. The Judge referred to had sent a printed circular to eveiy member of that House, expressing his opinion that what had been given as a temporary increase could not' be discontinued, but most remain as a perma nent addition to his salary. The COLONIAL SECRETARY did not see how the circular could be cited in support of the present motion, its object having been to prevent a decrease in the Judge's salary, not to oppose an addition. It seemed hardly fair jo bring up that circular for a purpose precisely adverse to the intentions of its writer—to use it as a means of punishing him, and not only him, hut punishing his colleague also. He must say the passing of such a resolution would look a little like the indulgence of temper. Mr. FORSTER said the objection.of the learned Judge, although it was made at the time of a proposed reduction, arose out of the grant of a temporary increase. The view TTis Honor took was, that the Council having voted him a temporary increase had no autho rity to reducce or discontinue the amount. The learned Judge, in effect, denied the power of the Council to grant him a temporary in crease of salary, and he could hardly see the propriety of forcing npon His Honor a gra tuity to the nature of which he objected. Mr. NEALES thought it was an extraor dinary way of meeting the justice of the case, to punish both Judges for the opinion of one. Mr. BAGOT hoped the hon. member would withdraw his amendment. The proposed in crease was a very small sum; and as the Judges had often to decide cases involving thousands of pounds, their salaries ought to be sufficient to place them above suspicion. The ADYOCATE-GENERAL thought that in all those cases the Council should act on one uniform principle. They should decide each case on its merits, without reference to what might be thought about them by the persona concerned in their actions. It seemed to him only just that the Judges should be placed in the same position as other recipients of salaries from the Government. He believed _ Mr. Justice Boothby's view of the case to bo inac curate. Mr. FOBS TEH would withdrawhis motion after the opinion given by the hon. Advocate General, the law officer of^ the Crown, that Judge Boothby's opinion was inaccurate. Mr. BAGrOT reminded the TTomse that. the. Council had formerly recommended an addi tion to the salary of the Cleric of the Supreme Court, who had for some years, been an officer, of' the Government. That recommendation had not been attended to, and the salary of that officer was proposed to.be the same as last year. He would move that his title be altered, and his salary raised to £350or £400. <" The ADVOCATE-GENERAL thought if the hon. member would confine bin motion to increasing the amount to £300, he would pro bably cany the House with him. The change of title would involve alterations which womd take time to make, and had better be left to a future time. Mr. BAGOT, in accordance with the sug gestion of the hon. Advocate-General, would ' move that the amount of the department hb increased by the siim requisife.teinalDethe proposed addition to the sahuy of the officer . named. ■ . . . ' ! Mr. BEYNOLDS would ask, before .that question was put, whether -there had hot been a re-arrangement of the officers in the Colonial Secretary's Department and in the Colonial2 Treasury.: . .t The COLONIAL -SEGRETABY replied that a new office had been created in eachofi the dwartments referred to, and In order to. raise the holders of those officem abbvethe - rank of clerk6, it waa necessary togive them hew names.' • •_ ; . \- The additional -sum required .for Schedule!) y asamended, £3,352 lls. od,, was then agreed tot The Chairman reported progress, and tire House resumed. - ; ■ ; ' PENALLABOTTB BILL. 1. In Cominitte«. r . > ',.7.,.". ~7 :1 On the motion of the COT.ONTAT. SEC- * EETAEY, the following ^bnan ot. to * this Bill- . • - „■ * Wherever In this Act, orln wottst no ~J or shillbeusedit shsllbehelil to apply to and include the Comptroller of Labour Prison*." _ ... The preamble iru then passed, and the House resumed. The report was adopted, and the third reading made the first Order of the Day for Thursday next. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN RAILWAY BILL. In Committee. In consequence of the thin attendance, the consideration of this Bill in Committee was not proceeded with. It was made an Order of the Bay for Wednesday next. SEARCH FOB COAL. Jfr. NEALEgf asked the hon. the Colonial Secretary if the' premium offered by Govern ment for thediscovery of coal would be awarded to the discoverers if found on other than Crown land, supposing the other conditions of the Government notice to be fulfilled. The COLONIAL SECBETABY replied that lemwttng to the conditions the Govern ment could only award the premium when the discovery was upon Crown land; and that as a vote of the Council would be necessary to enable the hon. member's object to be carried, the best course would be to move an address requesting His Excellency to place the neces saiy amount on the Estimates. MTJBBAY PLAT BOAD. Mr. ANGAS moved pursuant to notice— "That an address be presented to Wis Excellency the Govemor-in Chief^ praying him to place on the Estimates the sum of £5,000, to open the road from Gawler Town, through or near to Truro and the ravine or gorge of the ranges, to the Murray Flat—being the line so strongly recommended by Colonel Light, formerly Surveyor Genera], as the best road to the River Murray; and that the Central Road Board be instructed to form the road through the gorge or ravine in the first instance. He begged to state that the subject had been under consideration of the House more or less for the last five years. The line had been placed in the schedule of the Act, and it was important from its connection with the pro posed line from Gawler Town to Moorundee. Mr. BAGOT seconded. The COLONIAL SECBETABY called attention to the number of notices involving outlay, and the amount that was available. There was only about £37,000 to be divided among the various objects referred to in the notices, and hon. members would have either to make a selection or reduce the several amounts. Mr. ANGAS briefly replied, and the motion was agreed to. BOAD ACT AMENDMENT BILL. The COLONIAL SECBETABY laid this Bill on the table. It was read a first time, and the second reading made an Order of the Day for Tuesday next. Council adjourned until 1 o'clock next day. "Wednesday, Mat 28. The Speaker took the chair at 1 o'clock. ^PRESENTATION OF ADDRESS. The SPEAKER announced that he had pre sented, pursuant to resolution of Council, Ad dress No. 34, respecting the putting upon the Estimates the sum of £5,000 for making the road from Gawler Town to the Murray, by way of Truro. PETITION. The Standing Orders were suspended, to enable Mr. Bagot and Mr. MacDermott to pre sent petitions entrusted to them. The Speaker having decided that, according to the rules of the House, they could not be presented, the notices of motion having been given, Mr. BAGOT then presented a petition from Mr. Alexander Tolmer, praying for leave to bring in a Bill to give to that gentleman the exclusive right for 14 years to use a certain in digenous plant for the purposes of export and manufacture. The petition was received, read, and ordered to be printed. Mr. MACDERMOTT, in the absence of the member for East Adelaide, presented a me morial from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Cor poration of the City of Adelaide, prayiug that His Excellency will be pleased to place a suf ficient sum on the Estimates to make a direct road from the new City Bridge-road to O'Con nell- street. It was signed by the Mayor on behalf of the Corporation. The memorial was received, read, and or dered to be printed. SELECT COMMITTEES. Mr. HUGHES wished to make one altera tion in his motion, with permission of the House, by the insertion of the words." for the examination of witnesses" after the word "held." Mr. BARER would ask where the accom modation was to be found in the Committee rooms of the House if the public were to be admitted. The Committee-rooms were so small that- the admission of the public would prevent the transaction of any business, and if the resolution were passed new Committee rooms would have to be built. Mr. BAGOT would ask the Speaker, as a point of order, whether this question could be affirmed as opposed to the Standing Orders. The SPEAKER reminded the lion, gentle man that the resolution was not yet before the House. The motion was simply for an altera tion of the original proposition. Permission was then given to alter the mo tion as desired, and Mr. HUGHES proceeded. It was simply affirming a truism to say that the Standing Orders provided that the proceedings of the House Bhould be conducted according to the rules of the Imperial Parliament. He considered that the rule affecting the present question had not been carried ont, for the rule with the Imperial Parliament permitted the proceedings of Committees to be open to the public. He considered, 'with regard to the question of the lion, member for Mount Bar ker, that it was totally irrelevant; for he thought the accommodation would he found sufficiait, as there would not be a crowd of people attending the enquiries of Committees. He thought that, except on special occasions, the public would not take any interest in them ^ find then the presence of the reporters for the public press would be sufficient to satisfy the public mind. If it did so happen that the public desired to attend, he did not think that either the people or their representatives would object to the provision of whatever accommo dation might be desired. He had introduced that motion because he did not like to see the remarks continued which had been made re specting the Police Enquiry Committee. He did not wish to find fault with that Committee; hut a gentleman was put upon his trial before them, and he ought to have had the right to go into the room and hear all that was said against him. The rule had been to allow close Committees, and he wished the House to assent to his motion, even though it might be a truism. A misapprehension might arise in Committees, which might he explained and the matter set right, if the evidence were made public immediately, 4- doubt bad arisen as to whether it was the custom of the House of Commons to admit the public to the Select Committees or not. He affirmed it was, and in proof he would read the following extract from" May's 'Parliamentary Practice— Page 289. " When a Select Committee of the House of Lords are taking the examination of witnesses, strangers are rarely allowed to he present; bnt in the Commons the presence of strangers is generally per mitted." Page301. "On 28th June; 1812, the Committeee on election proceedings reported that they hod unani mously resolved that it was desirable that no person should he present; except the witness under examina tion; bnt that the Committee having reason to believe that the right of members to be present at their pro ceedings will be insisted on, had directed the Chairman to call the attention of the House to the subject." The exclusion proposed in this case extended not only to the deliberations of the Committee, but also to the examination of witnesses, and was not sanctioned by the House. Mr. BARER-would enquire whether that did not refer to members of the House. Mis; HUGHES thought it referred to the public and members. ("No, no," and "Head it again," with which requeBt the hon. gentleman complied.) He relied upon the case of the Sebastopol Committee in support of his view, where the evidence was published day by day as it was given. It was stated in refe rence to that Committee that tire characters of officers were at stake, and they should have the right afforded in- courts of law of confronting witnesses whose evidence might materially affect their reputation. He would argue in favour of the Committees of the House being open to the public, because, the House itself was. respon sible for their acts as delegates, and for every question that might be put in Committee. lie considered that it was desirable that they should see day by day what questions had been put, - and,what answers given. Ho would only say, that if he were brought before a Committee in such a way that Ms character was at stake, he should be extremely anxious to know every thing jthattranspired before the Committee. lie would, therefore move— " That itts desirable to render the mage of this House, ax regard! Select Committees, conformable to the prac tice ofthe British Parliament; and, therefore, that Bach Committee! should be held for the examination of wit nesses In rooms open to tha public and to the press, except In cases in which this Home shall otherwise expressly decida."-— ■ j " - The passing of that motion would have the effect of allaying doubts existing in the public mind as to, whether Select Committees were secret tribunals or open investigations. The COLONIAL TREASURER seconded. Mr. YOTJNG±Lll SBAND would ask the Speaker whether the usages ofthe House h»d not been in conformity with the usages of the £ritish'P«diaznait. [ The SPEAKER—For anything I know to the contrary, decidedly so. ... Mr. KINGSTON having heard the Speaker's remarks, should consider it very inconvenient to alter the present arrangement. Having spent some time in London, he had occasion ally attended'Committees, and he had been repeatedly turned out when the room had been cleared. He believed it was held as the privi lege of members of the House to be present at all Committees, but not the public. With reference to the practice in this colony the evi dence was taken by a short-hand writer, and published as soon as possible after it was taken, and thus sufficient publicity was secured. With regard to the Select Committees in Eng land, be believed the practice was not to allow the reporters of the public press to take notes, and, indeed, to allow no one to do so except the sworn reporter of the Committee. Reie rence had been made to the Sebastopol Com mittee, hut he believed it would be found, on examination, that the reports were furnished through the medium of the Committee's repor ter, and with their sanction. He conceived a great deal of injury might he done by publish ing ear parte evidence, and he believed no better mode could be adopted than that hitherto employed. Mr. BAGOT said, after the expression of opinion from the Speaker, he hoped the lion, member for East Torrens would withdraw his motion. If he still pressed it there must he some object for doing so, and the only one that could possibly exist would be an endeavour to pass a vote of censure upon some Committee of the House. If the hon. member would strike out the words " it is desirable to render," there could be no objection to the motion. If he still pressed it, he did not conceive any good result could arise from it. Mr. BAKER hoped the hon. the Speaker would explain to the House the position they were in with regard to Committees. He con sidered the passing of the resolution would be quite useless in every point of view, though it had occurred to him at first sight that it was intended as a reflection upon the Committees | of the House and the manner in which they had conducted their proceedings. When he saw that the motion was seconded by the Colonial Treasurer, who had recently made such unjustifiable remarks with regard to Select Committees, he confessed his first opinion had been confirmed. Re ference had been made to the Committees i of the Imperial Parliament, accompanied by a quotation from "May." The hon. the Speaker would recollect that when the Committee on the Estimates first sat he (Mr. Baker) had : applied for instruction and advice as to the mode of publishing the proceedings, and had ; afterwards acted upon that'advice. The Com mittee felt it desirable that the evidence should go before the public with as little delay as possible, and therefore, on the second day of meeting, the Committee resolved that the Chairman do obtain permission of the House to lay the evidence taken before the Committee on'the table of the House—in fact, from day to day. And as far as they were able to obtain the evidence from the short-hand writers, and the proof from the witness who had revised his evidence, it was laid on the table from day to day, in order that every publicity that could be possibly given should be afforded. It would be unfair to admit short-hand writers from the public press, who might go and publish the evidence in a garbled state. He (Mr. Baker) had been instructed ty the hon. the Speaker it would be a breach of privilege to publish the evi dence before it had been laid on the table of the House. The Estimates Com mittee did everything in their power to give publicity to their proceedings, and he saw no reason why a rote of censure should be passed upon it. If it was considered desirable that these proceedings should be conducted in another way from that followed by the Impe rial Parliament, and that the public should be i admitted—and garbled statements thus found their way into the newspapers—it would be necessary to provide additional accommodation, But it would be inexpedient in every point of view, and instead of fairness it would tend to unfairness. Unscrupulous men conducting newspapers might put the evidence in a manner to suit their own views. He should vote against the attempt to interfere with the pro ceedings of the Select Committee. Mr. BLYTH said the hon. member for East j Torrens had quoted from " May," and the j quotation happened to refer to an Election 1 Committee. That reminded him of the painful duty he had to perform early in the session of I sitting on a Committee for the trial of a dis- j puted return. That Committee involved the performance of the most important and un pleasant duties a member could undertake, leading frequently into questions respecting individual character. That Committee sat with open doors, and the public was freely admitted, and yet he believed that if eveiy member of that Committee had desired to have had the room cleared, it would have been done at once. He was glad to hear the Speaker's ruling, as it would make it unneces sary to affirm the proposition before the House; hut if it was still pressed, he should then move as an amendment— "That the usages of this House with regard to Select I Committees are in accordance with the rules and prar ticcs of the Imperial Parliament." ! That was a simple truism, and all that it was necessary to affirm. Mr. AN GAS agreed with the previous speaker. He considered it a matter of very serious importance that the Committtees shonld have the power of conducting their investiga tions with closed doors, as it would better enable them perhaps to obtain correct evidence on the part of witnesses. Supposing, for instance, that a witness was under examination who was not accustomed to speak in public, and who therefore might not give his evidence clearly. It would be unfair to do other than observe the practice which had been followed in tbe Select Committees of the British Parlia ment, where witnesses were allowed to revise their evidence, and who had frequently made considerable alterations. If reporters were ad mitted on behalf cf the public press, in addition to.the reporter of the Committee, the probabi lity would be that tbe evidence published in the newspapers would not correspond with the revised evidence published by anthority of the Committee. The practice of the House of Commons was unquestionable. He had been in attendance on several Committees of that House, and in no instance whatever had he been aware that tbe Select Committee had allowed the presence of a member of Parlia ment even, much less a reporter. Indeed on one occasion a friend of his, a member of the House of Commons, was anxious to attend a Committee, but he was refused permission. There was a case very much analogous to that presented by the recent Police Committee, in the following quotation which he would read:— "Mr. Giamyie, in April, 1628, from the Select Coin mittee on the charges against the Duke of Buckingham, stated that exceptions were taken bj some members of the House against the examinations being kept ptivate. The House ordered' That no member of the House shall be present at the debate, disposition, or penning of the business by the Select Committee, hut only to be present at the examination, and that without interposition.' Also,''That when any matter shall arise on which tbe said Committee wish to debate, it shall be at their dis cretion to require every person, not being a member of the Committee, to withdraw.'" ae wouio. again say tnat mete naa never Been a" doubt as to the exclusion of persons not im mediately engaged in the investigation. He held that it was in the power of the House to refuse to give publicity to the proceedings of its Select Committees, so that it might be said that the reports and evidence of the Committees were made public by the sanction of the House. He saw nothing whatever to justify a change in the rule which had been adopted, and nothing could arise from it except interminable confusion. He concluded by stating that he concurred with the hon. member proposing the amendment, and should oppose the original motion. The COLONIAL TREASURER had listened with mnch surprise to the hon. mem ber who had just sat down, for he considered h? had been speaking beside the question. The question really at" issue was, what are the usages of Parliament, and what has been the practice of Committees on this point ? He had heard the ruling of the Speaker, that it had not been tbe practice of the Committee. Mr. BARER would ask the Speaker to give his 'ruling in the matter, as it was scarcely un derstood. The SPEAKER said there appeared to him to be a confounding of the terms " usages" and " practice." The usage of Parliament was that the public should not be, as a matter of right, admitted to Select Committees, and that Com mittees had the power to exclude the public if they thought _ proper. It would be extremely inconvenient if a different course were adopted. If the public were admitted it would not justify any portion of that public rawlrfng minutes and publishing, them to the world previously to the evidence" bong laid upon the table of the House. Previously to then, not even a member of the Committee could make public what had passed; and as to the exclusion of the public, he thought they had no right to be present. He would go a liftle further, and say that Com mittees had frequently allowed the public to be present, but always retained the right to exclude. The COLONIAL TREASURER said the practice was, after all, the question that the HmiaA had now to deride. The hon. member I for Barbeia bad alluded to secret Committees of the House of Commons, and not tb Select Committees. Mr. AN GAS—That distinction -was very carefully observed in my remarks. The COLONIAL TREASUEEB—The hon. member had quoted passages referring to secret Committees as relating to the subject under discussion. Mr. ANGAS replied that he had viewed the question not only with regard to secret, but also with regard to general Committees. The COLONIAL TREASUEEE—If the hon. member contended it was customary to exclude the public, he would maintain the opposite. It was not the practice to exclude the public and the press. He spoke on the authority of Joseph Hume, who stated in his evidence that in his long career and experience on the subject he had never sat once as Chair man of a Committee where the proceedings were conducted with closed doors. He (the Colonial Treasurer) was quite aware that it was a breach of privilege to publish the evi dence of the Committees, and it was an equal breach of privilege to publish the proceedings of that House, but it bad never been regarded as such. Now the Advocate- General, who he was sorry to see was not in his place, had on a recent occasion quoted the most strange illus tration as coming from a man possessing a logical mind, in proof of the practice of Com mittees of the English Parliament sitting with closed doors. He said that lie was once in a Committee-room that was so crowded by the public that a member cf the Committee could not get a seat, and that he could only get that accommodation by moving that the room be cleared. If there ever was a strong case to show that the public were admitted to Committees, surely that was one. He must say that he had been one of the public who had attended the sittings of a Commitee, and other hon. members had stated that they had occasionally been excluded; and could anything more completely Bhow that the usage and practice were to allow the public to be present on ordinaiy occasions. He had been informed that persons had been refused admit tance into the room in which the Police Com mittee had conducted its proceedings. Mr. BAKER would enquire on what occa sion. The COLONIAL TREASURES—On the | occasion of the examination of the Commis sioner of Police. Mr. FORSTER—Would the hon. gentle- j man state who applied mid was refused admis sion. The COLONIAL TREASURER —The j Commissioner had informed him that Mr. Drew had been refused admission, and he had also heard that a gentleman of the press sought to be present, but was ex cluded. Now there was an impression on the part of the public that Select Com mittees were Secret Committees, and it was that impression that he wished to combat. The public impression with regard to the Police Committee-was that it was a Secret Committee; but if the facts he had referred to were satis factorily explained, he would not call it so. One hon. gentleman had said that the evidence j might be garbled if the reporters for the public press were admitted. It had been argued very strongly in the House of Commons that the press should be admitted, because it was im possible to keep those matters secret from the press, unless they pretended to have the power to gag all the witnesses. A witness might go to a newspaper reporter and relate every word to the best of his memory as to what had occurred in the Committee-room. If the members of the press chose they could obtain a knowledge of their proceedings. With regard to the Sebastopol Committee, Sir James Graham denounced an attempt to conduct the enquiry with closed doors as a base attempt to make it a hole-and corner investigation. That statesman had made use use of the argument whioh he had just repeated. They had a positive proof and illustration of that argument because the press absolutely did get hold of the evidence taken before the Police Committee. How it was lie could not conceive. As far as he himself was concerned, he would say that if a geutleraau of the press met him and asked him what had oc curred in a Committee-room where he had been engaged, he would tell him to the best of his recollection. The hon. member for Mount Barker had alluded very properly to the small size of the Committee-rooms; but he did not conceive that that could interfere with the affirmation of the principle contained in the motion before the House. He might remark that Mr. Ewart was a person whose authority was admitted on such a subject as the present. He would give an extract from a statement by j that gentleman. He said—" Every Committee room should be open to the public press; and I have never been in the chair of any Commit tee that I have not allowed the room to be open." There was the authority of a man of the highest character. He was followed by Joseph Hume, who said—" That every Com mittee-room should he open to the public press; that he (Mr. Hume) was never in the chair of any Committee that sat with closed doors; that, in consequence of manifest abuses, no witness should he allowed to touch a word of the evidence; and that the ! country had been immensely benefited by early publicity being given to evidence." Mr. Hume added—" That the evidence might he | liable to partial garbling; and I am of the ] same opinion now as the Committee then was, that to meddle with evidence, however confused | it may be, would be most dangerous, as single word or phrase very often turns the meaning of the sentence; and to show how important that is, I may mention, tliat the practice which at that time existed of allowing witnesses to have their evidence in manuscript has been discontinued." He agreed with hon. members in the propriety of sending the J evidence to witnesses to correct; but the prac tice of Parliament on the point was very strict. Mr. Hume had stated that his experience con- j finned him in the opinion that even if the evi dence had been given by a witness in the most confused manner, it had been better to preserve the evidence in its original shape rather than j to submit it to witnesses for correction, and thus open the door for abuse. The practice of the English Parliament had allowed of slight corrections, so as to make the construction of a sentence read grammatically, but had never allowed a witness to retract a single expression; nor did they give the Committee power to | expunge any part of the evidence. That was i the usage of the Parliament, and hon. members who had been upon Select Committees could judge whether that cu«tom had been fol lowed. He had referred to the Sebastopol Committee as a most strong instance in sup port of his views, and hon. members would regard it as such when they remembered that the character of officers was at stake, and that the secrets in the conduct of the war must necessarily be divulged, though that was not held as a sufficient reason by the House of Commons to exclude the press and the pnblic. The admission of the public to Select Commit tees was not only supported by Mr. Ewart, but also by Lord Palmerston, and by every member of any note or standing in the House. Though theCommittees should carryinto the Committee rooms thesameprivilegca as the House possessed in regard to the exclusion of the public, they ! should exercise their power with discretion, | ior it was only m that that its value lay. it the desire to preserve the dignity of the House was the principle actuating members who op posed the motion, he would tell them that his belief was that they were not adopting the best means to secure their object. It was his desire to promote the dignity of the House, and that was his reason for supporting the resolution proposed by the hon. member for East Torrens. He trusted the House would adopt that resolution, and with it the usages and practice of the House of Commons on the subject. Mr. NEALES believed the House would not consider it necessary that the hon. the Colonial Treasurer should protect its honour or its propriety. (Hear, bear.) He thought the House could do so sufficiently without having recourse to the assistance of that hon. gentleman, and he did not believe they would follow the course he had adopted to secure the dignify and the propriety of the House. He thought the unfortunate motion of the hon. member for East Torrens was a mere piece of claptrap. There had been no proof that the House had exhibited any desire to depart from the usages and practices of the British Parlia ment, as it had always taken the advice of the Speaker, and therefore the motion was alto gether useless. It appeared to him that the quotation the hon. member for East Torrens had read from " May" did not go to prove his case. If the London Times news paper—the monster press of the day— had felt the possibility of getting admission to Select Committees, they would not have hesi tated to have published at any rate a part of the evidence; bat they had never attempted to do such a thing. It must be remembered that the Legislature of this colony had not the power of the House of Commons; and though in England any breach of the privileges of Parliament by the press might be punished, if either of the newspapers in this colony were to make such an attempt, and the Council tried to punish them, it was very doubtful if they would succeed. The Conned could not punish the proprietors of newspapers if they chose to obtain evidence earlier than they should do; they must do it at their own risk, whether the article sold or not. He thought it would be inconvenient to admit the public into the meetings of the Select Committees, but he believed he stood too well with the public generally to be accused, .while stating that opinion, of an attempt in favour of Secret Committees. He hoped the hon. mover of the proposition wonld withdraw it, seeing that the feeling of the House was so much against him. i Mr. FOBSTEB said if the hon. member for East Xorrens pressed his motion, he should vote for it, not because he thought it was ne cessary, but because he would not have it thought that he had a desire to exclude the public from the enquiries conducted by Select Committees. He hoped that hon. gentleman would withdraw his motion. His object ap peared to be to conform the practice of the House with that of the House of Commons. If he wished to go beyond that, the Council would not support him ; if he only desired to establish a conformity, the Speaker had ruled that the House did conform, and the motion was altogether unnecessary. Therefore it be came incumbent on the hon. gentleman not to place the house in an unfair position with refe rence to the motion, which asserted a prin ciple which had not been denied. It had not been attempted to be 6hown even by the Colo nial Treasurer that the public had a right of admission to the Select Committees appointed by the Council or by the House of Com mons. What had been contended was that such a discretion should be lodged in members of the Select Committees with regard to the admission of the public as was already allowed, and which they could exercise at any time they pleased. He believed that it was only as a matter of convenience that the public should not have admission to Select Committees as a right, but wlien it was thought desirable the discretional power of admitting the public might be exercised. The hon. the Colonial Treasurer did not think it necessary to with hold temporarily from the public any thing which might hare transpired in Committee, as he had avowed that he would communicate all he knew to the first person who asked him about the matter. This was telling the House that he would exercise his own -will as to the vio lation of the rules and privileges of the Council. He had seen that .lion, gentleman adopt that course more than once or twice. In exercising his discretion, and intimating his readiness to communicate any information ob tained in Committee, he simply told the Council that he would violate the privileges of the House whenever he pleased. The hon. gentle man had referred to the Select Committee on the Police Force, and had stated that applica tion had been made for admission and refused. He instanced the ease of Mr. Drew, whose presence Major Warburton desired in Com mittee; but it was well that the House should know that Major Warburton took the most extraordinary course with reference, not only to Mr. Drew, but also to the Committee and the evidence, and without regard to his duties and responsibility in reference to the Committee. In tbe first place Major Warburton appeared before the Committee, and before be would answer a single question be pretended to lodge a protest, and demanded that it should go on the minutes of evidence, although no evi dence was contained in it; and because the Committee did not publish the evidence and the protest prefixed to it next day, Major War burton went and published it himself in the newspapers, with the view of prejudicing the public mind in reference to the labours of the Committee. Not only did he do this, but lie took a portion of the evidence and printed it in ! the public journals, with the view of preju dicing the Committee. And with regard to Mr. Drew, Major Warburton desired to dictate to the Committee when- they should examine wit nesses, and sent a telegraphic message down to the Port to call Mr. Drew up to town to attend the Committee. When the Committee called Major Warburton, he said he wished Mr. Drew to be examined. He wished also to j cross-examine witnesses. The Committee were not to be dealt with in that way; that was not the manner in which the appointed delegates of that House were to be treated in the performance of their duty. Major Warburton never asked that Mr. Drew should be admitted as a friend to the examination, hut demanded that he should be examined. The Committee, exercising their right, refused to admit Major Warburton to examine and cross examine the witnesses. As far as his (Mr. Forster's) experience extended, as related to the Select Committees of the House, every witness had in the outset been informed that he would be required to answer plainly and | straightforwardly; and after bis evidence was conipletedjhe was told that any information on the subject tiiat he could give, that had not | been brought out by the questions put to him, he was at liberty to give. Iu addition to this every witness was asked if he had anything more to say. In conclusion he (Mr. Forster) would repeat that he would not be thought to entertain, a desire to exclude the public from the Committees except as a mere matter of I convenience, but if they were thrown open the Committee-rooms would have to be enlarged. There was one other remark of the | Colonial Treasurer which he had nearly for gotten. That hon. member had said that a gentleman, a reporter for the press, had ap plied for admission to the Committee. He | (Mr. Forster) believed such an application was made, and the Committee said it was not j convenient to have a member of the press pre sent. In doing that the Committee were only exercising a right which was acknowledged. If the hon. mover of the proposition did not feel it right to withdraw the motion, he (Mr. Forster) would vote for it, but with the con viction that it was perfectly unnecessary, and affirmed a principle which had never been denied. Mr. REYNOLDS had been highly amused by the statements of the mover of the motion ; before the House. He imagined that he was about to make a good case; but the case was inherently a bad one, and the hon. member had made it no better. Had he (Mr. Reynolds) no better case in any motion he had to submit, he would not bring it before the House. He had not helped his bad case much by enlisting the eloquence of the hon. Colonial Treasurer on its behalf. The Colonial Treasurer had shown by extracts from the Times that the Committees of the House of Commons some times were open to the public. But it could not be denied, and was not denied, that those Committees had the power to close the doors whenever they pleased. He would be sorry to leave the privileges of that House to the hon. | Colonial Treasurer. He would much rather leave them to the hon. Speaker. He was much surprised to hear the hon. member for West Adelaide express his intentpon to support the morion if it were persevered with, as the speech of that hon. member was powerfully directed against it. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL enquired what was the morion before the House. He had unfortunately been detained by business, and had not been present during the earlier ' The SPEAKER having given the Advocate General the desired information, The ADYOCATE-GENERAL had no hesi tation in saying that he would not vote for the original motion in that case. He was afraid he could not as a matter of fact vote for the amendment either, as the practice of Com mittees here was not precisely analogns to the practice of Committees of the House of Com mons. Here they were usually held with closed doors; in the House of Commons they were usually open to the press and to the public. He would feel no hesitation in affirm ing the propriety of the principle that the pro ceedings of the Committees of that House should be made consistent with the practice of Select Committees of the House of Commons. But the motion before the House would not effect that object. He had never heard of such a practice as compelling the Committees of the House of Commons to keep their doors open, whether the members of those Committees were willing or not. Though the Committees of the House of Commons were usually open to the press and the public, they were veiy often closed, and sometimes open to the press only, on the express condition that no publication should be made until the labours of the Com mittee were closed. But by the conrse de signed by the motion before the House the Committee would have no option, and the evidence taken before them might be published from day to day in such fragments as might be prejudicial to the objects of the Committee. He must join with the hon. member for West Torrens in expressing surprise at the hon. member for West Adelaide, whose speech was a conclusive argument against the motion, and who yet expressed his intention of voting for it. He would not consent to be a party to a motion which implied a censure upon the whole of the members of that House indis criminately. He was not aware of anything in the conduct of any Committee which ren dered such a censure necessary.' He would oppose the motion, then, on two grounds— because it expressed as a fact that which was incorrect, and because it implied censure upon thpge who had not deserved it. Mr. BAKEB wished 'to make one or two remarks in reply to the htm. Colonial Trea surer. He felt compelled to say that the prac tice complained of by that hon. gentleman in reference to recent Committees was precisely analogous to the practice of a Committee of which the hon. Treasurer himself was the Chairman. He (Mr. Baker) had been allowed to withdraw an answer given by him in evidence before that Committee, and to substitute another answer for it. That was quite as much "expunging evidence" as anything that had been charged against the Committee on the Estimates. (Cheers.) In reference to the remarks made respecting Major Warbnrton, he ] must say that from the first the attitude of that gentleman was defiant to the Committee. He insisted on following a course which the Com mittee, had they allowed, would have shown themselves unworthy to be members of that House. He would challenge any one to show that a Select Committee of the House of Commons ever adopted the course of allowing a witness to dictate to them what witnesses they were to examine, at what time they were to be examined, and what questions were to be put to them, and also of allowing one witness to cross-examine other witnesses. Mr. HUGHES would yield to the generally expressed wish of the House, and withdraw his motion. He must be allowed to remark that the term "claptrap" applied to him by the lion, member for North Adelaide would more generally apply to the remarks of that hon. gentleman himself. He knew of no case in which strangers had been admitted to Com mittees of that House, and could not agree therefore that their practioe had been coinci dent with that of the House of Commons. Several hon members interrupted the speaker, by reminding him of several cases in which the room had been frill of strangers throughout the examination. The motion was then, by leave, withdrawn. MAIN ROAD FROM PORT WARE FIELD TO THE EURRA. Mr. YOUNGHUSBAND having obtained leave to amend the motion standing in his name, moved that the House do go iuto Com mittee. Mr. BAKER suggested that it would be better to take all notices of the same kind as that of the lion, member for Stanley together. There were notices on the paper asking for the expenditure of £49,000 out of £40,000 allotted for the purpose. They should be considered as a whole, and in connection with a full knowledge of the intentions and plans of the Central Road Board. If the House proceeded as they were going on some of the last applica tions of the land must necessarily bo rejected, and other parts of the country, from which no applications had come, would be unfairly treated. Mr. DAVENPORT, as a member of the Central Road Board, begged to express his concurrence with the suggestion of the lion, member for Mount Barker. The question was already before the Board as to their expendi ture for the present year, and some of the very applications before the House were down for sums of money varying in amount from those asked for, but still as large as the Board thought it possible to apply. Mr. NEALES would be glad to merge any applications of that kind, applying to main roads, in a general consideration of .the whole question. Some of them, however, fwould have to be referred to District Councils. Mr. KINGSTON stated that there was no main road defined to the Burra, and that part of the country had received no attention from the Road Board. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL suggested that the House should go into Committee, and then they might fairly join the various notices of claims for grants of money into the motion, and give all a due share of attention. Mr. HART thought the House would be promoting the interests of the whole country by taking the whole of the questions of the kind then before them together, not as a scheme of the Road Board, but of the Executive. If the Executive would submit a statement of the way in which it was proposed to allot the amount, they could judge of its fairness. Mr. YOUNGHUSBAND thought the Central Road Board had too much power already. They should be entrusted to expend money under the control of that House; and as the only way of getting at the merits of each case was hy discussing them, he would move that the House go into Committee. The House having gone into Committee, Mr. YOUNGHUSBAND moved— "That an address be presented to His Eicellency the GoremoT-in-Chief, reqestlng him to instruct the Central Bead Board to apportion £5,000 to the main line of road between Port Wakefield and the Burra." The road in question was a line of more traffic than any other road in the colony, not even excepting the road from the Port to the city of Adelaide. It had been proclaimed a main road in 1851, and during the five years that had elapsed since that time not one shil- | ling had been spent upon it hy the Central Road Board. That road was in so boggy a state at that time that more than 3,000 tons of coal and 4,000 tons of copper ore were lying at the termini of the road, and could not be con veyed along it. The consequence was that the works were virtually stopped. It could scarcely be denied that that road had more claim upon the special fund now granted to the Road Board than any other road in the colony. The money made on it had been ex pended in the purchase of land, and several villages had been built, as Clare, Watervale, and Penwortham. It had gone to swell the Land Fund, without receiving any expenditure from that fund in its improvement. Mr. KINGSTON seconded. Mr, BAKER would state most distinctly that he thought it would be injudicious to come to any decision on each of the cases on the notice-paper. If the parties supporting them were strong enough to cany them, he would suggest that they should be all taken in one motion, and the amounts adjusted according to the equity of the cases. Even that course, however, would be unfair to those parts of the | country that had not yet made any application j for money to be expended on roads. There were many parts of the colony on whose behalf no application had been made which required assistance. The COLONIAL TREASURER wished to state that the Government might find it diffi cult to meet all the votes proposed if all were carried. He thought it would be better for the House to express its opinion on the various items, amounting in the whole to £37,000, and then an estimate could be framed upon the opinions elicited. Mr. BAGOT thought the plan of uniting the whole into one motion would not answer, as discussion in that House was the best way of getting at the merits of each case. The Central Road Board not having the confidence of the public, discussion was doubly necessary. From the new light that had broken upon his mind, he had resolved to reduce the amount he had intended to ask for, according to the notice-he had given, to £2,500. That was one of the results of discussion. He would venture to express the hope that the hon. member for Stanley would reduce his request to £3,000. Mr. KINGSTON could not concur with the suggestion of the hon. member for Light, as to reducing the amount then asked from the House. The expenditure hitherto on the roads to the northern districts had been most inade quate to their importance, as they were the chief lines on which our staple exports—wool and ore—were carried. Mr. BLYTH was sorry to see such a disposi tion to scramble for the money to be expended on roads—(a laugh)—and although he ap peared as a sharer in the scramble, he thought it -would be much better to refer the ■whole matter to the examination of a Select Committee. Mr. DAVENPORT, to bring the matter to a practical issue, would propose that a state ment of the claims made upon the Central Road Board since the 1st of December last should be laid before the House. He was not in a position to say what those claims were; but in reference to the North-road alone, a sum of £9,000 had been asked for, and in that pro portion probably £80,000 or £90,000 was de manded from them. The House was in the dark until the Central Road Board had laid a statement of their intended expenditure before it. He did not believe the want of confidence in that Board, referred to by the hon. member for Light, was shared by the people generally. The Board had the control of a system which had become almost too large for management. They had 640 miles of road in progress, and 236 miles made and requiring constant repair. A sum of £25,000 a year was wanted to keep the roads already in existence in repair; and on an average the making of new roads cost £2,500 per mile. The Government had always been ready to furnish funds when called upon; but the Board did not deem it of any use to ask for enough to cany on their operations effi ciently, and the country was suffering in con sequence at the present moment. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL concurred in the suggestion of the hon. Mr. Davenport, and thought the House would be in a better position to determine the questions before them i had they the statement referred to. The feet that the elected members of the Board were nearly the same from year to year was a proof that the public at large did not share in that want of confidence in the Board which some hon. members had expressed. Of course, it was impossible to please everybody; and in laying out £1,000 in one place, the Board had sometimes offended people who wanted £1,000 laid out in another place for their benefit. The nearer they got to Adelaide, the more the i traffic increased, and the more the roads were cut up. He contended that the best policy was to make the heat roads where the traffic was greatest. If they found a few miles bad on the North-road, it was better, in his opinion, to repair them, and by that means save the great stream of tram: which ran between Adelaide and Gawler Town than to expend the same amount upon some isolated point on a more distant line. The Central Board had, it would be found, exercised a wise discretion in making the roads round Adelaide. It would be known by all persons who travelled as much as he did that the roads for about 35 miles round Adelaide were passable, and beyond that distance the country was in a great degree so open as to leave a choice of tracks. An lion, member had stated that not £1,000 had been expended north of Gawler Town. Why, several bridges had been erected costing in the aggregate a much larger sum. Mr. KINGSTON—But not on roads. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL considered that a road expenditure, and that the most im portant. In several parts of the colony the Board had erected bridges and constructed fords, being convinced that, short of making the roads completely, they were the most im portant aids that could be supplied to the increasing traffic of the colony. Mr. DAVENPORT moved as an amend ment that a revised Estimate of expenditure for 1856 be laid on the table from the Central Road Board, and that the several motions in volving outlay before the House be deferred until that Estimate was laid on the table. Mr. NEALES rose to order. Such a motion could not be made as an amendment on a motion for the appropriation of £5,000 to a particular object. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL thought the hon. member should have proposed that no resolution be arrived at in affirmation of the motion of the hon. member for Stanley until the revised Estimates of the Central Road Board were laid unon the table. Sir. DAVENPORT would alter his amend ment to that effect. Mr. HART would second that amendment, not because be was opposed to the claim of the Burra and Port Wakefield road. He believed it had a claim on the funds of the province; but he must say that it would be unjust to vote the sums indicated in the notice-paper, and which would exhaust the whole £40,000 available, without giving other districts a chance to mate an application. Within the last few days the paper had been filled with claims put forth without reference to whether they were the most urgent for the public interest, but because it seemed necessary to mate a snatch at the £40,000. He bad no means of arriving at the grounds on which those claims were founded, nor that they might not if complied with set aside the means of complying with .still more important claims not yet known to the House, He trusted the Council would see the propriety of adopting the amendment. If the Central Board was of any use at all it should be able to give the inlormation required. He was not there to defend that Board, neither was he prepared to say that it exhibited unfairness, favouritism, or any other malpractice. What be contended for was that they were the proper parties to place before the House the various claims of the colony to guide in voting the available funds with fairness and propriety. He would be very sorry indeed that the Go vernment should have it in their power to say that the House in its hurry to appropriate money had neglected claims more urgent than those it satisfied. The House it was clear could not vote for all the motions ; then it was not fair to entertain one of them. (Hear, hear.) He believed there was a great deal of truth in what had been advanced by tbe bon. member for Stanley; but there were so many claims on the notice-paper, some of which he had doubts had no real claim, that it was necessary to have information to guide the House in deciding what were and what were not urgent claims. Mr. REYNOLDS was about to second the amendment when the hon. member for Victoria anticipated him. It must be presumed that the Central Road Board knew more of the main lines of road and their requirements than the members of that House. (Hear, hear.) There was at least one thing very clear—they could not vote the whole of the sums included in the motions of which notice had been given. Tbe £5,000 agreed to on the previous eveuing reduced the available amount to £35,000, and unless a larger sum was placed on the Estimates they could not meet all the claims, and without the advice of the Central Road Board he did not see bow tbey could apportion the money between tbe various claims. Mr. YOUNGHUSBAND altogether dis sented from the view of the hon. gentleman that the Central Road Board knew the road wants of the colony better than the members of that House. He would venture to express an opinion, which he had no doubt would be en dorsed by every country gentleman in that House, that the rauge of vision enjoyed by the Board was very limited, and never extended more than 20 miles from Adelaide. In illustration of that opinion he would point to the road between the Burra and Port Wakefield. It must be known to the Central Board that the traffic upon that line exceeded that of any road in the colony, and yet they never expended sixpence upon it, | although it had been a declared main road for ! five years. The sum of £500 had indeed been granted for it by Sir Henry Young, but that was not through the medium of the Board; it was granted to the Patent Copper Company, | to be by them expended on that road. Again, although there was more traffic upon that road | than any other in the colony, the Central Road Board in it3 estimate did not devote a [ single penny to it. His opinion was that the j Government looked to tlie House to indicate the way in which the money was to be ex pended, and then it was for the Board to carry out the views of the House. Mr. REYNOLDS wished to be understood as not being opposed to tbe vote asked for, but he thought all the motions involving money votes should be treated alike. Mr. NEALES considered that when the policy of the Central Road Board was to con nect everything with Adelaide, it was not the proper instrument to carry out the road under consideration, which, although connecting two very important points, did not at either end touch Adelaide. He believed that that case had claims not to be equalled by any other before the House. Tho statistical statements of the hon. member for Stanley were quite sufficient to justify the demand for £5,000 out of the large sum at the disposal of the Council. He was not going to enquire why the road had been left untouched by the Central Road Board. He believed that had been fully explained by the hon. the Surveyor- General, who stated that the Board regarded Adelaide as their starting point. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL disagreed with the hon. member for Stanley as to who should indicate the places where the public money should be expended. In his opinion the rule should be that the House should de cide upon the indications from without. He was prepared to discuss that question, because the House had been invited to do so by i His Excellency; but he thought there were forcible reasons in favour of the amend ment proposed by the hon. Mr. Davenport. He would certainly vote for that amendment, but if it were not carried he would propose another, to the effect that £5,000 or some lesser sum. be granted for the purpose. There would be only £17,000 available for all the further wants of the colony not provided, for by the estimate of the Central Road Board. He admitted with the hon. member for North Adelaide that the road in question had a special claim, but he could not say that it was such as gave an absolute right to £5,000 without reference to other claims advanced. The par ticular claim of that road was not the only element which should be taken into considera tion. It should be borne in mind that there were other claims, and that it was possible that £2,000 or £3,000 might effect the necessary improvement on that line. Mr. YOUNGHUSBAND bad no objection to adopt the suggestion of the hon. the Advo cate-General, as the sum asked for in the motion might not be nccessaiy for the work. Mr. BARER said it appeared there was £60,000 placed upon the Estimates at the dis posal of the Central Roard Board. His idea, which had given rise to that discussion, was, that they should know how the Central Road Board proposed to dispose of that £60,000, bo that they might know how to apportion the additional £40,000 that was available for the works. Great good would accrue from their having a return to that effect, with the advice of the Board also as to how the £40,000 was to he appropriated. He understood from the fact that a revised estimate of the expenditure had been made, that the Central Board in cluded either the whole or part of the £40,000. If so he thought they had gone beyond their powers. ||Mr. DAVENPORT Baid, since the Road Board estimate had been made, other demandB had come in, for which the Board had given orders, in one case to the extent of £9,000. The hon. gentleman went on, in reply to Mr. Baker, to say that the estimate made so for back as January last would not cover the expenditure in consequence of claims that had arisen since 1" that time. _ Mr, BAKER said the proposed expenditure could not be catyicd out In consequence of other works having been commenced, by which more than the £60,000would be absorbed. He thought under those circumstances it was very necessary to have a revised estimate of ex penditure, limited within the £60,000, and leaving to that House the disposition of the additional £40,000. With that view he sup ported the amendment, as no possible harm could result from the delay of a day or two, Mr. SAVENPOET explained that if the hon. member expected a revised estimate reduc ing the expenditure within certain limits, it could not be prepared within a day or two. That would require a consideration of the whole question by the Central Eoad Board, j and one or more meetings of the Board might be necessary to consider the subject. Mr. BAGOT recommended Mr. Davenport to withdraw bis amendment in favour of that suggested by the Advocate-General; He would support the suggestion of the Advocate-Genei al, although he would be compelled to vote against the motion of the hon. member for West Adelaide. He had no wish to censure the Central Boad Board, but he thought they acted upon a wrong system. Those parts of the country where there were no District Councils to urge their interests had been greatly neglected by the Board. He did not believe that any member of the Board and that House could say that those parts of the country obtained the same measure of justice as the localities which could send District Chairmen to tease them into compliance with their demands. Mr. NEALES had feared at one time that that discussion would be useless; but now he found that it had taken a very useful turn. It appeared that the Central Boad Board had placed certain works before it, as appeared by a printed form, but those works could not be carried out without additional funds. If the discussion had led to no other Tesult than that discovery, it had well repaid the time it occu pied. He hoped the hon. member (Mr. Davenport) would withdraw his amendment, and allow that of the hon. the Advocate-General to take precedence. When they considered the great amount of traffic upon that line, and the all but total absence of public expenditure upon it, it wa* clear that it had great claims upon the House. Mr. BAVENPOBT would withdraw his amendment, as his only object was to put the House in possession of information. The nature of the works undertaken by the Central Road Board was such that in making their estimates they had to combat with the winds and rains of Heaven and the vicissitudes of traffic. H the hon. gentleman who had last addressed the House could apply fixed rules to carry out the business of road-making in everv instance he would effect an object which had been found impossible by the Board. (Hear, hear.) The ADVOCATE-GENERAL hoped the hon. gentleman would not withdraw his amend ment, as he - had resolved to support it, and only intended in case it was rejected to move the amendment ho referred to. No incon venience could arise from the circumstance that the Council was in possession of information that would enable them to say that the sum they voted would not interfere with any other work in contemplation. If the hon. member for Stanley was satisfied that the road in ques tion was entitled to have a large amount expended upon it—and that he confessed was his conviction—then what harm could be done if other districts which conceived they had claims also sent them in for discussion ? He trusted that the hon. member for Stanley would withdraw his motion, and allow the hon. Mr. Davenport's amendment to pass, that no complaints might hereafter be made of the Committee not having given a fair hearing to every claim. Mr. YOTTNGHUSBANT) had no confidence in the Central Road Beard. He was wrong, however, in saying that they had not appro priated any money to that line. He found that they had appropriated the large amount of £250 to it. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL said he thought it would be found that £519 had been appropriated to that road. It would have been, however, more satisfaetoiy to that House if the hon. member had stated the nature of the work proposed to be carried out on the road in question. It was known. that many miles of it passed over an alluvial soil, which would require an enormous sum to make and metal The whole road, however, might be made passable by the construction of one or two fords or some inexpensive bridges, and for that purpose the sum of £5,000 seemed excessive. There could be no doubt that the House would be in a better position to discuss the subject if that information had been laid before it. Mr. YOUNGHUSBAND said, in mply, that if the hon. gentleman had been in his place when he introduced the question, he would have heard him state that several bridges were required, and part of the read required to be made and drained. Although not a practical engineer, he did his best to ex plain to the House the nature of the work re quired. Mr. DAVENPORT said the question re solved itself into whether the particular in terest of Kooringa had been neglected by the Central Board. The hon. member for Stanley should have thrown into the scale with the £250 he mentioned the sum laid out upon the North-road, which would be found to have amounted to one-sixth of £100,000. Mr. KINGSTON—£17,000 for 200 miles of read, while by the printed estimate it was pro posed to expend upon 50 miles of road to Wellington £14,000. He trusted that when the revised estimate was laid upon the table it would show the sum proposed to be ex pended between Gawler Town and the Burra, between Gawler Town and Moorundee, and between Gawler Town and Clare. He did not think it was fair to say that the whole sum spent upon 200 miles of road had benefited the line under discussion. Mr. BAGOT asked what sum was upon the estimate for the road from Gawler Town to Kapunda. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL suggested that the best answer to that would be the revised estimate. Mr. DAVENPORT was about to make a similar remark, and further, tliat detailed information could be obtained from the Central Road Board. Mr. HART remarked, that if there was a proof of how wise and politic it was for the Government to introduce all Money Bills, it was shown in that discussion. They would never he able to vote a sum on the motions which each individual member would bring in. The hon. member for the Burra complained that only £17,000 had been laid out for 200 miles of road. Why, in the district which he represented there were 700 miles of road, upon which a single shilling of public money had never been expended. He thought the House would agree with him that they should have some comprehensive scheme before them, in considering which the merits of each particular claim could be considered. Mr. SCOTT would also support a postpone ment of the question until the revised estimate was placed before them. Mr. DAYEHPOBT, under those circum stances, would press his amendment. It was— "That the Council should decline to vote any sum for roads until the revised estimate ef the Central Boad Board was placed on the table." The House divided ; when there appeared For the amendment—Messre.Peacock, Blyth, Scott, Hart, Reynolds, and Davenport. Against it — Messrs. Forster, Kingston, Angas, Keales, Baker, Bagot, and Young husband. Majority of 1 against the amendment. Mr. HART proposed as an amendment that that claim, with the others before the Souse, should be referred to a Select Committee. The CHAIRMAN said the House being in Committee conld not refer a question to a Select Committee. Mr. HART moved that the Chairman re port progress, with a view to submitting his motion to the House. Mr. BLYTH seconded. Mr. YOTJHGHUSBAND submitted that it was not competent to the hon. member to do so until the motion wis put. The CHAIRMAN' thought the motion was quite in order. The Chairman pnt the question several times, and at length declared, the Hoes had it. A division was called for, which resulted as follows:— Ayes—The Advocate-General, Messrs. Da venport, Reynolds, Rankine, Birth, and Hart. Hoes—Hessrs.Scott, Angas, Forster, Neales, Peacock, Bagot, Kingston, and Younghus band. Majority 2. Mr. HART had great disinclination to vote a small sum for a road so important; but qs it was only one of a series ofvotes,someof which he could not see had any claim upon the Council, the only plan he could see of doing justice to his constituents in the colony was to vote for a smaller sum than that asked .for. There were no other means hy which theycould arrive at justice to other claimants. He felt ■ satisfied that the-claim of the hon. member for Stanley would he responded to, if that hon. gentleman wotdd hut pnt the motion in each a shape that they must either vote a smaller sum than he asked for, or else have to agree to every claim, brought forward. Mr. FQRSTER saw the undesirableness of passing the motion as it stood, and thpre-. fore concurred in the suggestion , of the hon. Advocate-GeneraL He understood it was the intention of the hon. member for Light to . move an amendment in favour of £5,000, or. such lesser amount as should be found con sistent with the funds at the disposal of the ' Central Board. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL would sup port snch an amendment. Mr. BLYTH had no objection to withdraw ing his amendment. He must remark, how ever, that the first division was not correctly taken. He did not think the hon. member for Stanley was forwarding the interests .of hi* constituents by the course he was adopting. Mr. YOUNGHUSBAND had endeavoured to do his best for his constituents, but if the. hon. "member for Yatala thought Le could do better for them, the responsibility might per haps be shifted on to his shoulders at the next general election. (A laugh.) The ADVOCATE-GENERAIj moved en amendment in favour of £5,000, or such less sum as might he consistent with the amount at the disposal of the Central Road Board and the general requirements of the colony. Mr. BAGOT seconded this. He thought the hon. member for Stanley bad done his duty not only to his own constituents, bnt to the entire northern districts, which had' been , so shamefully neglected. (" Oh, oh.") The amendment was put and carried. Mr. BAKER presumed that the same words would be inserted in all the succeeding notices of motion on similar subjects. (Hear, hear.) Indeed he was sorry that they had passed the vote the day ^before tor £5,000 to be expended on the Murray Flat without the insertion of the same clause. (Hear, hear.) He trusted that vote would be regarded in the same way as if those words had been included. (Hear, hear, and a laueh.) Mr. ANGAS remarked, the road, to which the money was voted the day before had much stronger claims than the others. The House resumed, and the report of the Committee was adopted. POLICE AND LETTER-CARRIERS' PAY. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL, in the absence of the Colonial Secretary, who woe prevented attending by ill-health, informed the Council that the Government had determined upon proposing that the pay of the police and letter-carriers should remain at the same rate as before. This determination had been come to in deference to the evident wish of the House, and he presumed the proposition would meet with general support. ROAD THROUGH YATALA. . Mr. BLYTH moved that the House go into Committee for the purpose of considering the motion of which he had given notice. _ Mr. HART thought, as there were several similar motions, that much trouble might he saved by one Committee considering them "11 TheADVOCATE-GENERAL would rather move an amendment declining to recommend any apportionment of the sum proposed to be placed at the disposal of the Central Board until the House should have received from the Board the estimate of its intended expen diture. Mr. NEALES would Bupport such, an amendment if the Colonial Engineer were also instructed to report upon the various proposed works. He had himself upou the paper a no- ' tice referring to a road from the City Bridge to North Adelaide, and that would not be in-' eluded in any estimates furnished by the Cen tral Board. Mr. BAGOT trusted the amendment would not be carried, as it was quite inconsistent with a former decision of the House. It would in effect leave it entirely to the Central Road Board to recommend upon what roads the : money should be expended. Mr. FOSSTEB. thought it would be moro convenient to place npon record the various claims, leaving them to be adjusted afterwards by the Government. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL wished to have the advice of the Legislative Council; but he was anxious that its recommendations should be based upon full and correct infor mation. Every hon. member' knew the re quirements of Ins own district; hut it seemed desirable to obtain the opinion of the Central Board, which was appointed to protect the general interests of the colony. He would add to his amendment, if the House thought fit, an instruction to the Central Board to have - regard to the various notices of motion upon the paper. Mr. BARER hoped the Central Board would not mix up the amount originally st the disposal of the Council with that which His Excellency was about to advance from the Immigration Moiety of the Land Fund; for the two stood in very different positions, and ought to be kept wholly distinct. The Advocate-General's amendment was then passed as follows:— "That this Committee decline to recommend any appropriation of the farther cam proposed to be placed at the disposal of the Central Road Board until there ha laid before the House a revised estimate of the proposed expenditure of that Board; and that the Central-Road ' Board ho requested, in snch estimates, to have regard to the various notices of motion relative to such expendi ture given In the House." THE PARK LANDS. In Committee. Mr. FORSTER, having obtained leave to ' alter the amount from £5,000 to £2,500, brought forward the motion standing in hia name— "That an address be presented to His Excellency the 3ovenior-iu-Ciiief, requesting him to cause to be placed npon the Estimates the sum of £2,600, to he avpendwl. under the direction of the Corporation of Adelaide, 'n reneing, planting, and beautifying the Park Lands." He asked leave also to amend his motion, by adding after "Park Lands" the words "and terraces." Mi*. NEALES objected to introducing the terraces; they were, in fact, streets, and would swallow up all the money, which he wished to see expended on the Park Lands. Mr. FORSTER would not press the altera tion. To the motion as it stood he anticipated no objection, and he should, therefore, make but few observations. The Park Lands, which had been set aside for purposes of recreation^ . had degenerated into fields of sand in summer, and dreary swamps in winter. A large pro portion of those engaged in business in Ade laide lived entirely within the city, and were exposed to all the inconveniences arising Stem this state af things, and he thought it was da© to them to do something towards enclosing and beautifying the Park Lands,_ expecially as the work would be easy, the situation and the soil being highly suitable for ornamental cultiva tion. Another reason for pressing the mo tion was, that the Park Lands were very much encroached upon by building; and he might mention as a third that the fencing In of the Park Lands might be made reproductive, as it would afford daiiy paddocks, from which the city would derive considerable rentals, and the citizens would he benefited by a better supply of. milk. He would" not fur ther trespass on the time of the Hoose, as fit any objections were made be should have tbft opportunity of a reply. Mr. NEALES seconded the motion." The ADVOCATE-GtENHBAL must oppose it. They had Just refused grants ofmoneyfor' necessary works, such as police- stations at Noarlunga and Salisbury, on . the . plea of deficient means,- andreally, such being thecase, he did hot think they shotdd grant it for mer© purposes of ornament. The hpst. mover had chanced to mention the revenue the Corpora tion would derive from the enclosure of' the Park lands: He -must say that in so doing he had pointed out the source where the funds ■ - for their enclosure should come from: "" Mr. KINGSTON agreed in thinking that they had no money to spare for ornamental - works. • The SURVEYOR-GENERAL remarked - ■■ that tire enclosure of tire Park lands would render necessary the metalling and mainte nance of several roads across them, which were passable now from the feet of their not being ' fenced in. - Mr. NB ATiFIS thought that the very reason why the motion'should be carried. : ' H was a nuisance to the citizens that carriages were able te diverge, and turn the whole park into a dust-field. ' Mr.BAGOT would strike out tire" wends* "planting and beautifying,31 and confine th© -r work to fencing. Then, perhaps, £500 would ' be sufficient. • ' ^ Mr. KINGSTON said £500 would not he nearly enough. > " . Mr. BAKEB would like to know how (Logo , a Burplus this Estimates "would show /before giving his vote upon the motion. ■ ■ N The ADVOCATE-GENEBA1 intimated - that there was no apparent surplus. Mr, TT A TVp ■monfd sooner see the pathways in the city put in proper, order before doing ' anything to the Park lands. As regarded .. fencing them, hewouldempower the mtyto ' let paddocks, requiring the tenants to fine© them according to a plan to his deteflmined - upon. 5 . ; ■; . :, ' Mr. EOBSTER would take the sense of the ' House upon his motion. Hemustiemind Iron.'members that when votes w^m^d.^r ■■ to build police-stationa . at Noatiungaaad - Salisbury, they were very differently situated " with regaid to funds from whattbeywjarolat1 present. At that -thry hiul lwi ihsiff a -■ large amount being conceded by Sis Excel lency frqm the Immigration Moiety of the Land Fund, so that any decision then come to by the House could hare no bearing on the pre sent question, He did not think the fencing in of the roads across the Park Lands need occasion any difficulty, as they were mostly hard and sound, and the land would not re quire much metalling. It did not seem to him that sufficient regard was paid to the health of the 15,000 persons who were cooped up within the city. The Park Lands had become a yearly-increasing nuisance to them, sur rounding them with an arid desert—a sort of Sahara. Objection had been taken to the outlay,because any profit arising from it would go into the city coffers; but it must be remem bered that the larger income the city derived from other sources, the less it would be requi site to grant in aid of its funds. The motion was lost without a division. SYDNEY COINAGE. Mr. BLYTH brought up the report of the Select Committee upon the Sydney Coinage, which was received, read, and ordered to be printed. The report (which will be found in another part of our paper) does not recommend for the present the legalization of the Sydney coins in this province. KINGSTON ESTATE BILL. Mr. BLYTH brought up the report of the Select Committee" upon the above Bill, which was received, read, and ordered to be printed. Tha report simply Btated that the preamble was proved. The second reading of the Bill was fixed for Friday. "ROAT) FROM THE CITY BRIDGE TO NORTH ADELAIDE. Mr. NEALES moved— ••That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, requesting him to carry out the ori ginal plan of the Government, of a direct road from the City Bridge to Pennington-tenace: and to add to the convenience of the city by making the other approaches marked in the plan now produced." Since the motion had been placed on the paper, the City Council had petitioned for a straight line from the bridge to O'ConneU-street; there fore, as he had no objection to that, he would have it understood, though he could not at that time alter his motion, that the request in the address to the Governor should be made contingent upon His Excellency's non-com pliance with the prayer of the Corporation memorial. At present there seemed every pro bability of the Government slipping out alto gether between the various lines that were proposed; and to prevent this he would ad dress His Excellency for a road to Fennington terrace, in event of none being conceded to O'Connell-street. The motion was carried without a division. The House resumed, and the report was adopted. Mr. DAVENPORT, in the absence of the hon. member for Yatala, moved the adoption of the first and second reports of the Select Committee on Female Immigration and Des titution. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL suggested that the motion should be deferred for a time, as the adoption of the second report involved an affirmation of principles of a very impor tant nature, upon which it was very desirable hon. members should record their views. He would suggest that the motion should he allowed to lapse, and notice of it being given for the first open day, it would come on for consideration as the first business of that day. Mr. DAVENPORT would be happy to adopt the suggestion of the learned Advocate. Mr. ANGAS remarked that it was a ques tion involving one of the most important de partments of the Government. He could have wished it had been fixed for an eariier ^ SCAB ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Ou the motion of the COLONIAL TREA SURER the consideration of this Bill in Com mittee was made the first Order of the Day for Tuesday next. RAILWAY IMPROVEMENTS PATENT BILL. This Bill was read a third rime and passed. The Council then adjourned. Thubsday, May 29. The Speaker took the chair at 1 o'clock. PRESENTATION OF ADDRESSES. The SPEAKER announced that he had presented to His Excellency the Governor-in Chief Addresses Nos. 35 and 36, relating to the road from Port Wakefield to the Burra; and also, to the road from the City Bridge to Pennington-terrace. ABSENCE OF MEMBERS OF THE GOVERNMENT. Mr. BARER said, before proceeding with the business of the day, he wished to have asked a question of some member of the Go vernment ; but he apprehended, in the absence of all the members of the Executive, no other member of the House would undertake the responsibility of answering for the Govern ment. (Laughter.) GOVERNMENT BUSINESS. The Penal Labour Bill, third reading, was called on, but lapsed, no member of the Exe cutive being present to conduct the Bill The same fate attended the other business devolving upon the Government, namely:— Estimates, in Committee; Land Grants Re gistration Bill, in Committee; Lands Clauses Consolidation Act Amendment Bill, in Com mittee ; and Cattle Registration Bill, in Com mittee. JETTY AT MYPONGA. j Mr. RANKINE moved the House into ' Committee to consider the following motion:— " That an address he presented to His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, requesting that he will be pleased to place upon the Estimates the snm of £2,000 for the con etraction of a jetty at Myponga." The SPEAKER suggested that all the pro positions of that nature had been disposed of by the motion of the previous day. Mr. RANKINE understood that the motion alluded to was in reference to those proposi- j tions relating to the Central Road Board ex penditure. Two of the three propositions he was about to move had no relation to the operation of that Board. Mr. BLYTH would call the attention of the Speaker to the thin state of the House—[seven members were present]—and expressed an opinion that the motions of the hon. member for Hindmarsh should not be discussed until there was a larger attendance. The SPEAKER—This House stands ad journed until 1 o'clock to-morrow (Friday). Friday, May 30. ■ The Speaker took the chair at 1 o'clock. ELECTORAL EXPENSES. Mr. BLYTH said there was no provision for the electoral expenses of 1856, or the rolls now being gone on with. There appeared to be a likelihood of considerable expense being incurred, and he wished to ask the Colonial, Secretary how it was that no provision had been made for such expenditure in the Esti The COLONIAL SECRETARY replied that no provision had been made because it was impossible to obtain even a lough estimate of the probable expenditure. The necessary amount could only he placed on the Estimates when some idea of the amount required could be obtained. POET CORPORATION. Mr. SCOTT, alluding to an application made to TTin Excellency the Governor-in Chief by the Port Corporation, in respect of power to lew and collect rates for the con struction and repair of streets at the Port, asked the Colonial Secretary whether he knew if it was likely the necessary powers would be granted soon or not. The COLONIAL SECEETAEY was not aware that the subject had been laid before His Excellency. It must have been some time when he (the Colonial Secretary) had been absent from Council Mr. SCOTT said he believed an application had been made on the subject, and that no reply tad been received. He would give notice of the question for Tuesday next, by which time the Colonial Secretary would be enabled to inform himself as to the point. CITY AND POET RAILWAY. The COLONIAL SECEETAEY laid on the table a return asked for fay a resolution passed by the Council on the 21st May, having reference to the necessary works for the com pletion of the City and Port Railway. The return was ordered to be printed. LAND GRANTS. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL laid upon the table "An Act to Declare the Legal Opera tion of Land Giants made to Deceased Persons." The learned Advocate explained that it was introduced to remedy certain difficulties which had been experienced as to the ownership of land, ■ and. which had caused great incon venience. The Bill was read a first time, and the second reading made an Order of the Day for Thursday next. THE WILL OF MICHAEL FEATHER STONE. Mr. HUGHES moved— "For leave to introduce 'A Bin to define and extend ' the powers of the trustees of the willof Michael Feather stone/ in accordance with the prayer of the petition of Thomas NeBl." He said the Standing Orders had been eom filied with, and the Bill had been printed, object was to enable the executors to carry out the provisions of the will in a manner they believed the testator had intended they should; and not having the necessary powers under the will, the executors had had recourse to the present plan. Mr. SCOTT seconded the motion, and the Bill was then read a first time. Mr. HUGHES then moved the appointment of a Select Committee to enquire into the allegations contained in the preamble of the Bill. Mr. SCOTT seconded; and the following lion, members were elected:—The Advocate General, Messrs. Bagot, Angas, Hughes, and Neales. Mr. HUGHES then obtained leave for the Committee to bring up their report on Wed nesday next. CORPORATION" OF PORT ADELAIDE, i _ Mr. SCOTT asked that the following peti tion, which had been presented to the Council, might be read previously to his introducing his motion:— I "To the Honourable the Legislative Council of the Province of South Australia.. " The humble Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Councillors of the Town of Port Adelaide: "Showeth— " That it has been stated in yonr Honourable House that it is the intention of the Government to remove the existing sheds on the Government Wharf, and to coll for tenders for building warehouses on the same site. " That the present position of the sheds is extremely inconvenient, being a hindrance to traffic, and entirety destroying the uniformity of that portion of the Port on which they arc situated, which, now that the North parade has, at a great expense, been nearly completed, would, if the Government sheds were removed, ieave a continuous open space facing the creek from the northern end of Maclaren Wharf to the Prince's Store and Wharf. " That tbo continued existence of the present sheds, or the building of wareheuses on the same site by Government, is not required by public convenience, ample storage accommodation having been already provided by individual enterprise and capital. " That it is contrary to sound policy, and unfair to a commercial community, for a Government to compete with private enterprise, cither as wharfingers or bonded warehousemen. "That Lefevrc's Peninsula has become extensively populated, and that the necessities of business require frequent communication between that place and the Port. " That there exists at present no suitable mode of con veyance between the Port and Lefevre's Peninsula for persons, horses, cattle, stock, or merchandise; and that in consequence business transactions are gTeatly impeded, and much expense, loss, and inconvenience sustained by the inhabitants of both places. " That to remedy these evils the narrow creek at the northern end of the Government Wharf, now an exposed and offensive sewer, might cheaply and advantageousiy be converted into an incline for a ferry to the Peninsula, I to be worked by a chain and wheel by and under the j control of the Corporation of the Port, the expense to be defrayed by moderate tolls; and that such ferry so worked would not hinder or impede the navigation of the river. " That the unoccupied part of the Government reserve at the corner of Commercial-road and St. Yineent street would be of great benefit for public purposes if granted to the Corporation. " That it would be very convenient to the inhabitants of the Port and to numerous persons frequenting it if a line of road were opened through the Government re- ' serve into the Commercial-road in continuation of Kile- | street, parallel with the North- parade. "Your petitioners therefore humbly pray that the sheds on Government wharf may he removed, and the site thereof thrown open to the public; that the Corpo ration of the Port may he empowered to convert the narrow creek at the northern end of the Government | reserve into an incline for a ferry to Lcfcvro's Peninsula; to make and control snch ferry, and to fix and receive moderate tolls for the same; that the nnoccupicd part of [ the Government reserve at the comer of Commercial road and St. Vincent-street may bo granted to the Corporation for public purposes; and that a line of road may be opened through the Government reserve in the Commercial-road in continuation of Nile-street; or that yonr Honourable House would grant your petitioners snch other relief in the premises as to your Honourable ; House shall seem meet. "And your petitioners will ever pray, &c.; " Ewn. Fbench, Mayor." Mr. REYNOLDS asked whether the ques tion had not been before the House on a pre vious occasion, when there was no seconder to the motion. The SPEAKER said there was no objection to the hon. member for the Port bringing the motion forward again. He thought, however, it involved a question of finance, and that, therefore, the House should be moved into Committee. Mr. SCOTT 6aid the petitioners did not ask for any money from Government for the things ■ mentioned in their memorial. He proceeded to say that at the time the Port was opened there was no warehouse there excepting that j belonging to the South Australian Company, i and it was thought that Company might monopolize the whole of the storage, and be enabled to charge just wbat prices they pleased. The Government put up sheds for the storage of goods until they could be sent to town, to prevent the anticipated monopoly of the Com1 pany; and subsequently those sheds were weather-boarded and rendered more secure. But now the sheds had become very consider ably dilapidated, so that it was not safe to put dry goods in them, and it would cost a very large amount to make them fit to store such goods. Besides that, these 6lieds were very liable to take fire, and in such a case from being so close to the wharf would be dangerous to the shipping. On oue occasion, indeed, the roof of the shed was fired in several places, while there were cases of spirits in the place, . and there was very great difficulty experienced | in extinguishing the flames. At the present time there was no necessity to take precautions against the monopoly the Government at one time anticipated; there was storage more than sufficient for all the goods that were likely to i be stored, and that without the accommodation j of the sheds alluded to. If a line of rails were to be laid down to the wharf for the con venience of the railway trucks loading for the i City and Port line, the sheds would fee com1 pletely in the way. The road there now was ! altogether too narrow for the traffic, and could J not therefore well spare the room out of it for a | line of rails; and if the Government were to take the sheds down (as it had been rumoured they would) to erect new storehouses on I the site, they must necessarily leave a wider j margin between the building and the wharf. It had (he re Tore been suggested that the sheds should j he entirely removed. The petitioners also requested j that the House would address His Excellency, praying that authority might be given for the construction of a ferryoverthe creek at thcnorthcmendoftheGovcrnmont j Wharf, to connect the Port with the Peninsula. The Corporation proposed to place a punt at that place, with chains stretching across the creek, to be worked by two men. The point selected was the only place suitable for the purpose, being sufficiently near to the Port, with- j out at all interfering with the shipping. The constrnc- j tion of a bridge in a line with St. Vincent-street had for a long tame been contemplated, hut there was no probability of that design being carried out for some years to come. Bat the proposed ferry would not be of any expense to the public, the Corporation proposing to construct it from the funds at their disposal, and it could he immediately commenced. The petitioners also point out in their memorial the advantages which would result from the opening of a line of road through the Government reserve in continuation of Nile-street, parallel with the North-parade. An individual who pos sessed property in that locality had promised to assist in the undertaking; but the proposal to open a commu nication with the Peninsula hy means of a ferry was that to which the petitioners attached the greatest iw- i portance. He hoped the Council would see the reason- [ ahleness of the request contained in the petition, and i accept the motion be had made. Mr. RA.NKINE seconded the motion. Mr. HUGHES could not vote for the motion in its | present form, but would do So if it ftferc modified, so as not to require the Government to give up the site of the present sheds. It was desirable that the Corporation of Port Adelaide should have sufficient land for markets and other public conveniences; but this might probably be most conveniently selected at the corner of the Com mercial road. As to the proposed ferry, he did not believe it wonld be carried out; but the Corporation would find, on calling for estimates and making their calculations of the probable returns, that It would net be a profitable undertaking. The motion was then lost, on a division by a majority of 11. Ates—Messrs. Scott and Peacock. Noes—The Colonial Secretary, the Advocate-General, the Surveyor-General, Messrs. Hughes, Blytb, Kingston, Angas, Reynolds, Baker, Forster, Rankine, MacDermott, , and Bagot. POLICE FORCE. Mr. FORSTER moved— "That the report of the Select Committee on the Police Force be adopted, and transmitted to His Excel lency the Governor-in-Chief for Hi* Excellency's infor mation," The report was read as follows:— "Your Committee appointed a Chairman on the 30th of April, and commenced the examination of the Com missioner of Police on the 2nd of May. The evidence of that gentleman, taken up to this time by your Com mittee, tbey now beg to lay upon the table of your Honourable House, together with the minutes of their proceedings. " Your Committee would beg to call the attention of your Honourable House tc the following statements made by the Hon. the Colonial Treasurer in his speech on the consideration of the Government Memorandum on Friday last:—* I regret I cannot comply with that request (meaning the request of the hon. member for Mount Barker for the appointment of a Select Com mittee). I would prefer that the matter should be in vestigated by a Committee of the House. 1 have seen to much tuppreteion of evidence, and people on Select Com mittees having their minds so biassed, at to be tcarcely capable of appreciating truth; and 1 would therefore prefer moving for a Committee of the whole House to investigate this question before the public, and in the light of day, instead of adopting the hon member's sug gestion/ Again;—CI will not even go into the examina tion of the Commissioner of Police. The evidence has gone before the country, and every one possessing a candid mind will see that the suppression ofJUajor War burton's evidence exhibits a desire to represt and another the voice of truth' u Your Committee find that they cannot further prose cute their labours consistently with the duty which they owe to your Honourable House and to the country until the charges and imputations made by the Government louse, and against your Committee on the Police Force particularly, are unconditionally withdrawn. "A. Forsteb, Chairman." The hon. member then said be had been upon Select Committees ever since he had the honour of being a member of that House, and he had always felt it to be his duty to attend to the business of such Committees. He could honestly and unhesitatingly say that he had never shrunk from those duties, in order to avoid trouble or responsibility. He had no wish to shrink from any labour it might involve. All he wished for was that the members of the Select Committees ap pointed by that House might he placed in such a position as to be enabled to discharge their func tions honestly, indepently, and without fear or favour, There could be no doubt as to the value of Select Com mittees, or that if the Legislature were to be deprived of their labours, it would very seriously diminish the use fulness of responsible government. Their existence was indispensable to the establishment of that 'degree of truth and usefulness which it was the proper function of the Legislature tp maintain. As an illustration of the necessity of Select Committees 'of' Enquiry the motiou ot the hon. member for the Port,* which had just been disposed might be cited. That motion involved go many subjects > of importance, that the House could not undertake the responsibility of affirming* it; but had the hon. member moved for the appointment of a Select Committee he had no doubt but it would have been carried. The labours of Select Committees could not be dispensed with, and ought not to be depredated. But it was not right that those who were appointed on Select Committees shonld use the powers which had been delegated to them for improper, personal, or sinister purposes. Nor was there any danger to be apprehended of such being the case. If it should occur at any time, the matter might fairly be left to the integrity, honesty, and justice of that House to deal with it as it saw fit. He therefore regretted that on the occasions which bad recently transpired, with which the House was familiar, the Governor bad not , left the House to its own decisions. He regretted | that the Governor should have anticipated the action of the House with regard to the reports of the Estimates Committee. Though he thought there was but little to find fault with in those reports, or with the proceedings I of the Committee, yet the House was at full liberty to take exceptions to any part thereof. He therefore be- . licved a great deal of the discussion which had taken i place upon that subject might have been avoided if the j Government had left any matter in which they felt' themselves aggrieved to the good judgment of the House. Witli regard to the allusion made in the report to the statement of the hon. the Colonial Treasurer, he vrouldj remark that he did not wish to charge the Government with sanctioning every statement made by individual members of the Executive; though he might remark that their statements were generally taken as expressive of the views of the Government; and he thought he had a right to assume, and that the House had a right also to assume, that when any officer of the Executive expressed opinions in that House which were consistent with the acknowledged views of the Government, they were to be regarded as official. But the statement made by the hon. the Colonial Treasurer had been repudiated by both the Advocate- General and the Colonial Sccictary, and he would not have troubled the House with auy further remarks ou the subject had it not been that he thought His Excellency was responsible for the statement which had been made, and which he The ADVOCATE-GENERAL rose to order—He would ask the hon. the Speaker if the hon. member in intro ducing: the Governor by name into that discussion was acting1 in accordance with the rules of the House. The SPEAKER—It had better be desisted from. Mr. FORSTER continued—He had only referred to His Excellency as the bead of the Executive, and he did so for the purpose of giving him an opportunity, which he was sure lie would desire, of repudiating the state ment to which he had referred. He regretted that the hon. the Colonial Treasurer was not in his plaec to hear any remarks he might have to make in reference to that hon. member. The notice of motion had been before the House several days, and the hon. member must have been aware that the discussion was coming on. Hut there had been 110 explanation given of his absence. He bad no doubt tbe hon. member was prevented by busU ness of importance from attending; but he had alluded to his absence to explain that he had no wish to make statements respecting bim except in his presence. It was, however, desirable that the motion should be dis posed of, and he would therefore proceed by explaining the reasons which induced him to believe His Excellency was to some extent responsible for the statement of the hon member. In the Memorandum of His Excellency, the following passage occurred in the enclosure from the Colonial Treasurer. The hon. member then read as follows:— "Upon the third question put in yoiir circular, I beg to observe that the Committee state, in their se cond report, that they bad ' reviewed the evidence of some of the principal officers of Government, upon whose reports it was stated that the Estimates were based/ This is incorrect, as the Treasurer has never to this hour been called upon to give evidence upon the topic dis cussed in that Teport; whilst tbe officers of the Audit Department were not examined till long after the report was made; and evidence given by ore of these officers was, I am credibly informed, expunged by the Committee from their proceedings, on the express pica that it was opposed to the report in question." Mr. FORSTEE continued—What was the explanation which the Colonial Treasurer had given with regard to the relations subsisting between himself and His Excel lency in connection with Ibis matter? He had said in his speech delirered May 10th—"Tf-c nextfaaltwasa very serious one—it was a remark made by the Colonial Treasurer. (Hear, hear.) It was necessary that lie should there say a few words in justification of the Go vernor. An hon. member expressed his su'prise the ; previous day that the head of the Government should put before tliat House documents which contained the charge which he was then alluding to. He (Mr. Hart) expressed his surprise that the Governor should do so upon slight grounds. (Hear, hear.) He had the news paper report before him. and would read the hon. gentle man^ language, which he folly concurred in. He (Mr. Hart) * wished the Government upon the present occa sion had derived experience from the lesson they had j received with regard to those documents. But they had ! thrown down a gauntlet to the House, which the House, with a due regard to its dignity, could not submit to. One paragraph, signed by Mr. Torrent as Colonial Trea surer, accused the Committee of hating expunged the evidence of one of the witnesses for a purpose. (* H*ar, hear,' from the Colonial Treasurer.) That accusation, if it were true, should at once put every member of the House in the position of that Committee. (Hear, hear.) But not only that, he should say it would be a disgrace to the House if any Committee would be guilty of such an act. He would be sorry to be a member of the House if a Committee of sevep of its members would be guilty of such an act. (Hear, hear.) The hon. Treasurer said 1 Hear, hear,' but he would say, what would be the wis dom of the Government in putting forward such an accusation without giving the Committee the oppor tunity of declaring whether it was tfuc or false, and without putting forward one tittle of evidence in support of the accusation ? He was credibly informed* and sin cerely believed, that the accusation was nttcrly.nntru?/ That was a very creditable sentiment, ahd lie fdiind ho fault with it; but, in justification of the Governor, he would say that before he enclosed that paragraph he called his (the Colonial Treasurer's) attention to it, and enquired whether he had sufficient grounds for that statement. He answered that be had grounds for saying so, and took upon himself the responsibility. Therefore the whole responsibility fell upon him, he took the whole responsibility of the charge, and stated that he was in possession of sufficient evidence to convince any man that the charge was well founded." What he (Mr. Forstcr) was desirous of showing was this —that His Excelleuey, as head of the Executive, had adopted the charge made by the Colonial Tfeasiifct against the Select Committee 5 and as tipti charge had not been retracted by the Colonial Treasurer, he imagined His Excellency, after the explanations which had bren made in that House, would willingly avail himself of the opportunity of repudiating it-; He would trouble the House with another extract from the report of what occurred in the Council on the same day i—1 "Mr. Baker having ascertained from the Speaker that he would be allowed to address the House again in the event of the amendment being lost, proceeded to remark that he would at that time confine himself to a reply to the observations of the hon. the Colonial Trea surer respecting what transpired before the Committee on Mr. Thropp's examination. In doing so he would be as brief as possible. The hon. member then read as follows:— "'Answer to question 4353. directed by the Chairman of the Select Committee on the Estimates »td be struck out.—I thinks in.asking that question, you are labouring under the mistake which I see has so frequently oc curred regarding unexpended votes as liabilities. Unex pended votes arc merely unfulfilled intentions to expend. The mistake will be more strikingly illustrated when I refer to the second reportof this Commit! cc, which would lead people to suppose that we were £8,000 iu difficulties, whereas had South Australia filed a schedule in an In solvent Court, and consequently drawn up a statement of assets and liabilities on January 1st, 1856, she would have had upwards of £150,000 over and above her com mercial debts.' "'Mr. Younghusband observed—"That answer de pends entirely .on a mattbr <jf opinion, I take it, as to whether the intention of the Council in earn ing out works 11 "' By the Chairman—" Then if the Colonial Secretary should have agreed in the declaration that £8,000 was a debit balance on the resources of the colony, and that the resources of tbe colony to that amount had been ex ceeded, he mu6t have been in a state of ignorance on the subject of finaucc ?—No; I think not. I think the Com mittee arc again labouring under that mistake. The> j arc confusing the commercial position of the colony and its real debts and its real balances iu hand as compared with intended expenditure. The wording of the report would lend any person out of doors to come to the con clusion which I have stated; whereas, doubtless the 1 Colonial Secretary, when drawiug that up, had entirety i in his view You are putting me i*ia very aWkward position here,'/ "*Thc Chairman here stated tliat he had no desire to put Mr. Thrupp in an awkward position, bat that if he volunteered observations upon the correctness of their report—of the correctness of which they were satisfied— he could not allow them to pass unquestioned. IQ how I ever, Mr. Thrupp wished, and the Council did not object, i he would instruct the short-hand reporter to strike the answer out. Mr. Thrupp acceded, and gave a fresh 1 answer to question 4353, which was Inserted iiv the evi dcnce. That evidence was forwarded to Mr. Thrupp in 1 tbe Usual way, and published as corrected by him.'" After the hon. member for Mount Barker had resumed his seat, the hon. the Colonial Secretary rose and said, "he felt it to be due to the hon. member for Mount Barker to make one statement as to what occurred before the Select Committee. Qe had listened very at tentively to what the hon. member had said, and could state that, to the best of liis recollection, it was precisely the substance of what passed." Mr. FOBSTKE continued — After reading that statement it would be impossible for His Excellency or any member of that HCuse td say that the charge brought by the hon. Treasurer against the Select Com mittee could be substantiated. And yet it was not a question of mere words; the whole of the proceedings of the hon. the Colonial Treasurer showed that be believed the charge to be true, and that he intended His Excel lency to view the matter in the same light as himself. Now his (Mr. Forster's) principal object in bringing for- ! ward the motion was to give the Governor an op-'ortii nity of avowing his belief that the charge was unfounded; and he doubted not that His Excellency would be very glad to have the chance of stating that he believed the hon. the Colonial Treasurer had no autho rity to support the charge he had made. His Excellency, as head of the Executive, having repudiated the* charges, they might leave the hon. the Colonial Treasurer to stand before the country and before that House to vindicate the course lie had taken. If he could not do that there remained only one course left open to him as a gentleman and as a man of honour, and that was to retract the charge he had made, and which he could not substantiate. This he had no doubt the hon. member would do, because as a gentleman he Would feci himself bound in honour to do so, Mr. BAKER seconded the motion, and expressed a hope that the hon. member for West Adelaide would make an addition to it so as to include the resolution of the Council upon the 16th instant. They had been in formed by the Colonial Secretary before the Governor's Memorandum was laid on the table, that the Governor bad officially no knowledge of the reports of the Select Committee on the Estimates. He therefore was jus tided in assuming that His Excellency was at the present time officially ignorant of the fact of the Colonial Trcasnrer having made any explanation, or of the decision of the House. With regard to the statements of the members of the Executive, they were in this position. The Colo nial Secretary sometimes came forward and made certain declarations in the name of the Executive, and at other times they were informed that whatever was said by members of the Executive should only be regarded as their individual opinions. How then were they to know when tbey were speaking in their capacity as members of the Executive, and when only as individuals ? They had no possible means of knowing which member of the Executive occupied tbc position of the Government organ; though it was generally reported that the hon. the Colonial Treasurer had more the ear of the Governor than any other member of the Executive. He could enly look upon the repudiation of the Colonial Secretary and the Advocate-General of the statement of the Colonial Treasurer as an expression of opinion of the minority of the Executive. But he did not desire to see the question carried any farther tlian was necessary to maintain the dignity of the House. He would, however, state that the hon. the Colonial Trea surer not only brought forward his charge in the House, but that he did this after he (Mr. Baker) had on the pre vious evening waited on the hon. member, and related to him word for word of what took place before the Com mittee and warned him that if he persisted in his deter mination to press the charge, he would be placing him self in a very false position. Notwithstanding this, the hon. member deliberately persisted in pursuing the course he had taken. It was true that the hon. the Colo nial Secretary and the Advocate-General had both repu diated the charge which had been made, hut this went for nothing, inasmuch as the charge had been entered upon the records of the House. If the Government had no respect for the dignify of the Council, it wa* their duty to see that-, some disavowal of the charge should be placed on the records. The hon. the Colonial X-reasurer naij stated in hfa report to the Governor, published with the Memorandum, that he bad not been examined by the Select Committee; but this arose from the circumstance that the Comiuittee gupposed he had very little informs Hon to give them, the Colonial Secretary hating pre viously informed them that the Estimates were prepared, from the returns of the Collector of Customs and other heads of departments connected with the revenue. He would not enter at any length into the subject before the Council, because he was aware that in the charge made by the hon. the Colonial Treasurer he was the accused party, and, therefore, could scarcely trust himself to speak to any extent, lest his feelings should prompt him to say something which he might afterwards regret. He hoped the hon. the Colonial Se cretary and the other members of the Government would not oppose the motion, for whilst they must feel that the accusation could not be sustained, they also knew that unless it should be contradicted it would remain on the records as an everlasting disgrace to the Committee. He had been informed that the hon. the Colonial Trea surer had stated that he (Mr. Baker) refrained on a pre vious occasion from making any lengthened observations on the charge laid against the Committee, from a know ledge of guilt upon hisown mind, aud a fear of the con sequeuccs. lie would reply by saying that he refrained from saying more than was necessary, because he felt deeply upon the subject at the time; aud ho would add, with regard to the resolution which was then passed, that he would have preferred the original motion, be cause he thought its language would nave been better calculated to allay any angry feelings which miglX have previously existed on the subject. Mr. KINGSTON supported the motion, aud stated that he would confirm what had been said by the hon. member for Mount Barker respecting his having related to the hon. the Colouial Treasurer what had transpired before the Select Committee, previous to the charge having been made in the House. Mr. ELYTH said it was not till late on the previous day that the notice of the motion then before the House came under his notice. On referring to the proceedings of the Council he observed that a Select Committee was appointed to enquire into tlic management of the Police Force, and to report thereon. On reading the evidence which had been taken and the report, he found that the latter was in reality no report at all. It appeared to him that the Committee prac tically said, " We won't do what the House has told us to do." The Committee had not reported, but declared their determination to abandon their labours. He was not prepared to justify the statement of the hon. the Colonial Treasurer with regard to the Estimates Com mittee. On the contrary, he contended that it would admit of no justification, but rather the reverse; but he could not understand why anything that hon. member had;said should induce hon. members to neglect the im portant duties they were chosen to perform^ It had been said that the Police Committee Was a picKca one, consisting ot meraDere wno were lavoar able to Mr* Tolmcr. If so, they certainly had not shown Mr. Tolmcr any favour. The Committee certainly consisted of some of the most active and intel ligent members of the Council, but tlicy had not proved themselves the friends of Mr. Tolmcr, but, on the con trary, had removed the only chance he had of regaining his position as a Government officer. He much regretted to hear hon. members in that House declare their deter mination not to sit again on Select Committees, because Mr. BAKER—If the hon. member refers to me I may state that I said I would not sit on a Select Committee again till the hon. the Colonial Treasurer had retracted | liis charge. Mr. BLYTU did not refer to the lien, member in particular. Mr. REYNOLDS—Did the hon. member refer to him? Mr. BLYTII had heard several members declare their | determination not to sit on Select Committees. This he regretted, as also that the enquiry into the Police Department had not been continued. He, as a party anxious to kuow whether the charges of mismanage ment in the Police Department were correct or uot, knew no more from reading the report than he did before. It appeared to him that public men occupying positions such as those in which hon. members stood ought not to be too thiu-sldnncd. Thus he had seen a statement in one of the papers charging the Council of lying for the last six months; but would they feel justified in abandoning their duties oil that account. He saw an article in a paper called the South Australian Eejister the other day. [Here the hon. gentleman read j a passage from a leading articlo in this paper, and con tinued]—He thought that right. When he Of any hon. | member moved for a Select Committee upon an impor- I taut enquiry, he thought the choice should not be j limited. He thought the selection should, injustice to the enquiry, be made from the whole House. (Hear, hear.) If tile selection was to be ftom a limited number of members, nciJher.the mover nor the matter would be in a fair position. He certainly could not vote for the adoption of the report, although he by no means wished to justify what had been said by the hon. the Colonial Treasurer. Indeed, it appeared to him that it did not admit of justification. (Hear, hear.) He would move as au amendment— "That the matter be referred back to the Select Com mittee to complete the enquiry, and to report on it to that House." Mr. MACDERMOTT thought the House could not adopt the motion of the hon. member for West Adelaide. The gentlemen appointed on tlio. Committee had dis tinctly said that they would not carry out the instructions of the Hduse uiilcss certain allegations made by a | member of that House were unconditionally retracted. | ("No, no.") He would not go so far as to say that the hon* gentleman had not grounds for what he said. He had before him the published letters of Mr. Tlnvpp and from the reporter, stating that evidence had been erased. No ; donbt the Committee had offered an explanation which had been accepted by the Hoasc as a reasonable expla nation, but at the same time there appeared to be prima facie grounds for the statement. ("No,no") Thatatleast was his opinion, and in the absence of the hon. Treasurer he felt it inetirobezit on himfto state it there. He gave every credit to the Committee fof their labours and for their zeal iu carrying out the onerous duties imposed upon them. Those {duties involved a great deal that must have been unpleasant to the members of tlic Com mittee* and there were many things in their reports in which he concurred. He thought the House, however, should take some blame to itself for having selected to ; enquire into the affairs of the Police Force gentlemen who, the very day they were appointed, had expressed strong opinions upon the subject. (Hear, hear.) Ho was sorry for that, because he had a great respect for several of the gentlemen, and he believed they would report most conscientiously; but they 6houid not have been placed in that position. He must say that charges against Select Committees had not been confined to that House or its members. It was said of the House of Commons that members holding certain opinions were ixlvariabiy selected to act on Committees; He had read the evi dence taken by the Committee on police affairs* and he saw no just grounds for going ou with the enquiry. The Committee had made their report, and when the proper time arrived he would move tliat it be received and laid on the table. . The ADVOCATE-GENERAL did not ris? to second Die amendment of the hon. member for Totals# because he agreed in much that had been said by the hon. gen tleman who had last addressed the House. He thought there was no reasou shown for going on with the en quiry. The facts elicited did not show that any public advantage was likely to result from a prosecution of the enquiry which the Committee had been appointed to institute. The Committee had, to their own satisfaction, discharged their functions. ("No, no.") Then the Com mittee had not discharged their functions, and the mem bers composing1 itstood thcfc in the presence of the House iind confessed that* hiring liec'n entrusted witli the performance of a public duty, they shrunk from the dis charge of that duty. ("No, no/') He had seen an illustration lately—for he, like the hon. member for Yatala, had to confess that he sometimes looked at the public papers—-(a laugh)—he had there seen a reference to the old joke of the drummer and his unsatisfactory flogging, and it seemed to liim that the Committee were in that position. The}' would not admit that they had performed their functions—as he confessed he thought they, had—and they would not a lmit tliat they had shrunk froni the petformarice of their duties* but there cOald be no other conclusion than the One—if they had hot performed their duties they shrunk from tbS performance of them. ("No, no") He must say that it did not reflect credit upon individuals if they, in i fear of charges that might be made against them, j shrunk from what he believed, with the hon. member < for Yatala, to be a most important duty. He would 1 not allow hlmsclfto be deterred from the perforraauce of j his duties by any imputation that could be put upon liim. [ If the principle for which the Committee coutcuded was admitted, it would lead to the result that persons must | be understood to perform their duties Only oh the ctm= dition that no one found fault with them. (A laugh.) They stood there 6elf-confesscd of a want of moral courage, when they should have been prepared to brave obloquy, defy censure, and disregard calumny. When required to do justice; it was ho answer to siy that imputations were cast Upon the way iu which they per formed their duties. The hon. member for Yatala had spoken of the advantages resulting from the labours of Select Comnii.tees. He had said that the business of the House could scarcely be adequately performed unless by the aid of Select Committees. He agreed in that. He agreed in everything that had been advanced upon tliat point by the hon. member for Yatala. But the more tnat lioru gentleman magnified the importance of the duties of Select Committees the more he reflected disgrace upon tHe gcntlcnien who shrank from the performance of those duties. He would not j show that those duties were great without at the same lime showing- that the persons who shrunk from their performance were not fit to be entrusted with any im portant public duties which required courage as well as zeal. The hon. member passed a censure npon the ; whole Council which belonged but to a few. The labours of Committees might he depreciated; all hon. members might, in the House or out of the House, depreciate them, but if they in reality did their duty, had taken important evidence, and made valuable reports, their usefulness would ndt be impaired, and the usefulness of the House would not be impaired, unless tliey refused, as the Committee did, to perform their duties because their motives might be impugned. What would be thought of a member of the Government who said he would no longer perform his duties because, in the House or out of the House, his motives might be im pugned ? In the House or out of the House he would disregard all such imputation. The duties he had to perform he would perform so long as he had physical strength, and 110 imputations would operate to drive him one hair's breadth from the path which he believed to he the proper one: and that, he would venture to say, would have been a fair and mauly coarse on the part of the Committee. Were they convinced that their pro ceedings, if enquired into, would disprove the imputa tions, why did they not proceed with the performance of their duties? If one individual member made a charge against them, why should that reuder it impos sible for them to perform their duties. Why should they be so—he did not know whether the word cowardly was parliamentary, but if not he would say timid—why should they be so timid when their own upright intentions should support tbem against imputations which they considered both false and unfounded? He did not therefore agree with the hon. member in saying that to depreciate the motives of Select Committees would impair the usefulness of the House, It had been said that any statement of amember of the Government must be taken to express the views of the Government if it agreed with the declarations of the Government in the Memorandum. Bat the hon. gentleman should have quoted or extracted from the document emanating from the Government, and not from the expressions of any hon. gentleman in that House. Was there anything, he would ask, in the Me morandum to which the hon. member could refer as being in accordance with the statements of the Colonial Treasurer. The hon. gentleman did not do anything of the sort. lie did not refer to one word in the Memoran dum. It would be impossible to do so. The members of the Government-, he would take that opportunity of saying—because the hon. member for Mount Barker said he understood it was in part dissented from—the mem* bers of the Government had been unanimous in adopting the Memorandum. (Hear, hear.) He had not shrunk from its responsibility. He admitted that it was qnite possible tliat a word here and there in it might be modi fied, if attention had been called to the meaning which persons disposed to find fault might attach to them. But as to the Memorandum as a whole, he was prepared to endorse its sentiments and to support its policy. He believed also that the country would support that policy when it came to express an opinion so fhr as it could ex press an opinion upon it. Having said that, he would remark that it did not necessarily follow that he must adopt one of the sentiments in_ the letters which were enclosed in the appendix to this Memorandum. ("Oh, on.") As we'.l might the Committee be said, in laying evidence upon that table, against which they had pro bably reported, that they had adopted that evidence. That would be as fair as the assertion that individual members of the Government were responsible for every or any statement in letters laid before the Council to give it an opportunity to know the materials upon which the Government had formed their opinions. So conscious were hon. members of the weakness of their famous reso lution, that they were continually objecting to the Me morandum; bat their argcuncnts only applied to the letters which accompanied it for their information. He did not expect the Memorandum to be brought forward that day, but be onght to have expected it. some mem bers of the Committee and other members of the House—the hon. member for West Adelaide, for instance—were like Haman. He wou!4 sot - pre dict for them the same fate. They were continually maintaining that the country would yet recognise the value of their labours, ton, member for the Port told them that them names would smell sweetly when , those of others would stink in the liostrils of posterity; and otie portion of the press told them that a sense of their services would be embalmed in the grateful memory of the nation, (A. laugh.) Bat one thing appeared to be more than a countervailing force against everythingwhich they repeated as existing in their mind or that or the public. What availed all that while the words of the Memo randum remained? (A laugh.) It was a consciousness on their part that when there came a calm discussion of the question between themselves and the Govern ment the judgment of the country would not be that which they affected to believe. If they had that confidence in the future which they professed, they would not take every opportunity to impede the business of the Council, by dragging the .Memorandum before it. The real offence was not, as the hou. member for West Adelaide said, an ant icipation of the action of that House upon a report of its Committee, The offence was that they made an appeal in a form which was an appeal to the community. They brought it oat in a form which gave every individual the power to come to an opinion upon the subject. That was the unpardonable offence. (" No, no.") And that was one which he would be always willing to repeat. He was as anxious as auy hon. member that the functions of that House should be unrestricted, and its digmity maintained unimpaired. He would not, however, content that the House should stand be tween the Government and the people. He could not consent that everything should pass through the alembic of that House before it was submitted to the people. That was, herepeated, thereal offence. ("No, no.") Of course he did not expect that hon. members would ad mit that . He was not surprised at their no, noes, because they had taken every opportunity, not of saying, but of showing, how exceedingly sore and uncomfortable they felt while the Memorandum remained upon the records of the House. He was glad the hon. member for West Adelaide declined to agree to the amendment of the hon. member for Mount Barker. That would have been unfair to have been moved as a rider, for the original motion suggested nothing of the sort. There could be no objection to its being discussed after due notice, bat it would not be proper to do so then in the absence of so many members who were not aware of its intended introduction. Indeed, bad the hon. gentleman persisted in it, he would have appeal^ to his sense of justice to withdraw it, and was glad not to be under that necessity. It was not a little stTange, however, that the hon. member f#r West Adelaide opposed for the very reasons that the hon. member for Mount Barker supported it. That hon. gentleman regretted that a motion had been carried because the language was calculated to call forth ill lee ling1 on tne part 01 xne ijnjvcrnment. xnen it was strange that he 6hould wish to transmit a document which was likely to call forth such feelings on the part of the Government. He bad not seen anything which reflected greater discredit on the laagoage used than the argument of the hon. gentleman, who believed, not the substahce, but the langtiagfe was calculated to call forth iil-wiiL Mr. BAKER had merely drawn a comparison between a resolution which he had himself drawn np and an other. He feared that the one passed would be more objectionable, if cither were objectionable, than the oue 1 rejected: He did not think it fair of the hon. Advo- ! cate to make such a use of wliat he said. The AtiVOCATE-GENERAL was sorry thdt he had not made a fair use of what the hon. member said. He j found himself on that, as on other occasions, dealing 1 with what appeared a fair and straightforward state ment —■ Mr. BAKER had said that he feared the language might cause ill-feeling. I The ADVOCATE-GENERAL must say that the lan guage of the hon. member for Mount Barker, which he had not understood him to withdraw, although he to some extent qualified it, was that a resolution of that House was likely to cause ill-feeling in the Government. That in his mind was the strongest condemnation of the course adopted by the Council. Even if the Memoran dum had been offensive, if its language was such as had been implied, the Council having an example before them of language likely to cause offence, and having had more than a week to consider the course to be adopted, they should not themselves be , guilty of the fault they imputed to the Government, and liaye used language which, it was confessed, was likely to cause ill-fecliug. [It being 3 o'clock the Standing Orders were, ou the motion of Mr. Forstcr, suspended, and the hon. Advocate continued]—He was glad that a slight interruption had arisen* for it gave him an oppor tunity of perceiving that it was unnecessary to advert to many topics wllicn he had noted down for reference. He would only remark upon what had been stated by j the hon. member for West Adelaide to be the object I of the motion. It was, he understood, that the Gover nor should call to account a member of that House for language used within the walls of the House. 1 Mr. FORSTER explained that such was not what he I had stated was the intention of the motion. It was that i His Excellency, as head of the Executive, might have an opportunity, as probably h? might desire if, of stating j that the imputations of the Colonial Treasurer, as en closed in the Memorandum, could not be substantiated. ' The lD.VOCATE-GENERAL-If that was the hon. gentleman's object, the means he had taker! to effect it were singularly inappropriate. He wished the Governor personally to disavow somathing— Mr. FORSTER—No j bat as head of the Executive. (Hear, hear.) The ADVOCATE-GENERAL—Well, as head of the Executive to disavow something contained in a letter annexed to the Memorandum; and, in order to do so, ! seeks to transmit a document, which says—[Here the hou. Advocate read the opening of the report and the two extracts, and continued]—"Nothing could be more irregular than that. It was asking the Governor, as head of the Executive, to disavow a statement for which, as head of the Executive, he ccfuld not be made rcspoti- j sible, and with which he had nothing td do | —a statement as to which that Council had not any con stitutional grounds for calling upon him to express on opinidn. It. was in reality asking the Governor to call a member of that House to account for something which j he had stated in debate in that House. He /the Adv.o- ! catc) stood there as a free member of that Honsc. lie did not stand there as a delegate, and he did not admit the right of any one to call him to account for anyt hing | he might say in that House. (Hear, hea-.) He of course j admitted the right of the Governor to call in question the course of policy pursued by any member of the Go vernment, but that he should have power to call in 1 question the right of language was to assert a principle wliieh he (the Advocate) could never assent to. He would move. as an amendment upon that of the hon. member for Yatala— j , "That the House regret the Select Committee on the Pdlice Force should haVe.abcwcd itself to be deterred ' from the performance of the duty entrusted to it by any fear of charges or imputations which had been or which might be made against it." Mr. REYNOLDS had intended to give a silent vote on that occasion, and would have done so were it not for the eloquent harangue and extreme statements of the hon. j Advocatc-GeneraL He felt called upon to answer that j hon. gentleman, who stated that the members of the Select Committee had been deficient in moral courage, andwhj? because they repelled a charge. When charges were made agaiu6t the Government, as, in fact, happened in his own case a few days ago, inadvertently, what did the hon. gentleman do? Why, he immediately jumped up and made a moat eloquent protest against the impu tation. According to the hon. gentleman on the present occasioii the members of the Select Committee were to hav^i their motives impugned by anybody and by every body—that they should submit to imputations the most unfounded even from a member of the Executive; and quietly pursue their course without vindicating their own couduct or asserting the dignity of the House. He could stand a good deal of abuse from some quarters, but when a member of the Executive, and one supposed to liave more power than any other, indulged in it, he felt it;was time to resent it. When the most influential member of the Executive made injurious statements., it was not unreasonable to suppose that they were made by authority of the Executive, and they should be established or retracted. (Hear, near.) There was another point to which no reference had been made in that discussion; and yet it was of considerable importance as aficcting the charge against the Commit tee of shrinking from the performance of their duty. When the report was brought tip it was not intended to he a final report. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman of the^ Select Committee presented it as a progress report; bu« what was the course pursued by the members of th Government? They would not allow it to be received as a progress report. There was then no disposition on the part of the Committee to shrink from the ful performance of their duties, but the proceeding wasl forced on them which was so unfairly advanced * s a proof of the want of moral conrage. The Committee were Willing to perform the duty entrusted to them, but they regretted that the statements of the hdn. Colonial | Treasurer made it necessary for them to defond them- , selves. They were quite willing to continue their sittings ! until the duty assigned to them had been fulfilled; but it appeared that there were certain members of that j House, the hon. gentleman on his left (Mr. MacDermott) amoDg the number, who thought the members of the j Select Committee were not impartial. If snch was the I opinion of hon. members that alone would be to him a sufficient reason for refusing to sit on the Committee. (Hear* hear.) He wculd not sit on any Committee sub jeet to etich an imputation ag that of partiality * Mr. MACDERMOTT begged to 6ay that the hdn. member did not represent nim correctly. He made no sueh imputation as that alleged. Mr. REYNOLDS—The words of the hon. gentleman were—"That the House might take some blame to itself for having selected, to enquire into the Police Force, members who had expressed strong opinions on the sub ject." (Hear, hear.) The word partiality was certainly not used; bat most certainly it was implied if the words of that hon. gentleman had any meaning. (" No, no.'1) If that was not the meaning of the words, what was their meaning? (Hear, hear.) It appeared also that the hon. member for Yatala thought the Committee had shrunk from the performance of their doty. .That horn gentleman knew well that the members who were on that Committee liad done their duty from the com mencement of the session. (" Hear, hear," from Mr. BIyth.) If it had not been for the impu tations referred to they would probably be engaged in that enquiry still, and it really did not become the hon. member for Yatala to say or to insinuate that they had shrunk from the performance of their duty. (Hear, hear.) He was not tliin-skinned, but he made a great distinction between abuse out of doors and impu tations made in that House—between the attacks of a lying newspaper and charges advanced by a member of the Executive. (Hear, hear.) He might submit to Ihe railing of a lying newspaper, bat not to the accusations of a member of the Government—tbe one he coold afford to disregard, the other he had a right to have substan tiated or withdrawn. (Hear, hear.) When the officer making those imputations was allowed to evade the de mand to prove or retract the n it was high time for the Select Committee to resign. (Hear, hear.) The COLONIAL SECRETARY rose to make a few observations, when— Mr. BAKER hoped he would bo kind enough to say whether he recollected opposing the reception of the report of the Committee on Police Management as a progress report. The COLONIAL SECRETARY did not knot? what object the hon. gentleman had in asking the question; but lie did oppose the reception of the progress report for reasons which be gave at the time, and the word progress having been struck out, it became a final re port. He should not hare addressed more than a few words to the House, had it not been for the remarks of the hon. member for West Adelaide, to which ho felt it was his duty to reply. He would at once state that he in tended to second the amendment of the hon. the Advocate General, and would, after making some observations, re turn to that subject. The hon. member for West Adelaide said ho considered that Select Committees of that House could not do their duty unless they had fair play from the members of the ^Government—those were, he be lieved, the hon. gentleman's words—so that they could carry on their duties without fear or favour. He must join issue with the hon. gentleman. He could not un derstand what other than fair play they had received. He conld not understand why he coold not get up in that House and express his opinion as to the proceedings of Select Committees. Every hon. member had a right to condemn the acts of Committees when they were opposed to the views of such Committees. The hon. gentleman asserted that tbe Committee did not receive fair play if the Government mixed themselves up in any way with the remarks of the hon. Colonial Treasurer. He thought the hon. gentleman took upon himself to miT them op with thsse statements. His language implied that the Government Memorandum en dorsed the statements of the hon. Treasurer. Ho would say that the hon. Treasurer, in using those ex pressions the other day with reference to the suppres sion of evidence, was perfectly justifiable. It was a fact admitted by the Chairman of the Committee that evi dence was suppressed from a motive which was not a good or a proper one. If his hon. friend the Colonial Trea surer held that opinion he had a right to express it. It did not follow, however, that the Government endorsed it because they sent up a document in which that ex pression was used. The Memorandum showed clearly and expressly that they did not pledge themselves to everything in the letters annexed, any more than the Committees pledged themselves to the evidence which they had taken. The letters were sent to that Honse as evidence. The words ofthe Memorandum would showhow far the Government adopted the statements in the letters: —"Independentof the difference in clearness and compre hensiveness frequently observable in the evidence, of highly competent officers, 'when on the one hand orally given In reply to *■-■«-*«- • *nA rtTi when expressed in i tion—independent ; value by its being diffused, In the one case, over an ex tended field of enquiry, and in the other concentrated on special issues, such as are raised by each recommenda tion of the Committee, every one of which may be regarded as patting in issue the propriety of its adoption - or rejection by the Government. Apart from all sach considerations, it is an undoubted fact that the Govern ment has referred to, has used, and in several instances has been influenced by the documents in question, in the discharge of a most importaut duty at a most im portant moment. The Government, therefore, feel that in submitting the result of their labours to the Legislature, they would not be dealing frankly were they to withhold from the Council the oppor tunity of judging as to the value of those documents, and the use made of them by Government." That expressed very follyithe object of transmitting the letters with the Memorandum. It was, in fact, to give the House an opportunity to judge of.the value of the conclusion to which the Government hod come. They used them in the same manner as the Committee had used oral testimony to justify their reports. The Govern ment had not adopted in any way the language of the hon. Treasurer, cither in his letter, or as used in that House. At the same time he must say that the Colonial Trea surer held the opinion that evidence had been suppressed by the Committee for the purpose stated by him, namely, that it was at variance with their report. He dared say the hon. Treasurer held that opinion still, and would probably hold it until the day of his death, and no one in the House or oat of the House could make him retract it unless he pleased. It would be ridiculous to suppose that when a member of the Government used an expres sion that the Government adopted it. If that was the case they would have to write their arguments and agree to them. It was sufficient if each member of the Go vernment would support its policy for such reasons as occurred to himself The hon. Treasurer might do so for reasons beyond his (the Colonial Secretary's) com prehension. Ho doubt they were satisfactory to himself or he would not use them. In the same way he used arguments which were to his own mind conclusive, and in fact each argued according to his own perceptions and mental powers. Every individual selected his own way of supporting the common policy, and it wonld be impossible to coerce members of the Government into using the self-same arguments. Let the House but look to the conduct of hon. members on the Parliament Bill, especially with regard to the constitution of the Upper House. One supported it because its operation would be conservative; anothervotedfor it bccauseof its democratic tendency. The tory portion of the House admired its I conservative features;, tile radicals were charmed with its liberal character; and cveiy one viewed It from his own point of sight. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member I for West Adelaide had endeavoured to draw from him I an admission that he was in a minority in the Executive : : s to the adoption of the Memorandum. Mr. FORSTER had certainly not done so. The COLONIAL SECRETARY—He begged pardon, hut some hon, member had used some such argument. I He would say that he read over the Memorandum very | carefully, ana some parts of it he had himself prepared, and he came to the conclusion that he could, as he did, most cordially support tlie whole of it. He did not think | there was a word in it wliidh he would wish to alter, and j he would continue to support it. The bon. member for West Torrcns said, referring to remarks of the hon. Mr. MacDermott, he would not rest under the imputation of partiality; hut that only showed the absurdity of the resolution before the House, for if the members of the Committee were not to do their duty because an inde pendent member of the House stated something which the hon. gentleman supposed to be an imputation of partiality, that showed* the absurdity of the Com mittee Mr. REYNOLDS rose to a point of order. It was not in consequence of anything the hon. member (Mr. MacDermott) said that the Police Committee brought np their report, although such would appear from the argument of the hon. the Colonial Secretary. The COLONIAL SECRETARY was illustrating liis argument by referring to a case which occurred a few moments before. He would oppose the motion then before the Honse, viz., that the report be adopted—for reasons which were patent on the face of the report itself. IJe could not vote for the transmission of a report to His Excellency containing such words as those in the last paragraph of I the report. There was a childish pctnlancy in those 1 remarks that he could not sanction by his vote. Hon. members should do their duty without reference to the charges made against them. (" Oh, oh/') Hon, mem bers might say, " Oh, oh!" They publicly differed from him in opinion, and they might do so; hut he would hold hfs own opinion. He begged leave to second the amend ment. Mr. BAGOT objected to the attempt made in the Memorandum, and by the speech of the Colonial Secre tary, to confound the House with its Committees. When they referred matters lo a Committee, they by so doing placed the Committee in a position different from that of | the House. He felt it necessary to refer to the self adulation of the hon. Advocate-General. He (the Ad vocate-General) had spoken of doing his duty, as thdugH nO gentlemen but members of the Government did their duty. If he fancied that the sense of the country was with the Government, and the nominee members of the Government against the representatives of the people, he was much mistaken; When the sense of the country was fully known, it would he proved that the people would support their repre sentatives. It was absurd for the learned gentleman to say that he wonid not allow that Honse to stand between the Government and the people. That House had stood between the Government and the people on past occa sions, and would do so again if the Government at tempted to place measures upon the country contrary to ; tliecouctiyswish. The people, lie was assured, would never { allow the Government to diot&te; to their chosen represen tatives. The hon. Advocate-General had said he was not a delegate. But that learned gentleman had on a former oc* casion himself spoken of the Governor as the Government, and if that were a correct view of the case, the hon. Advocate must be a delegate of the Government. (Hear, hear.) The hon. Advocate-General had now endorsed the statements made in the Memorandum—contrary to his former course. He (Mr. Bagtft) h»d all along re gretted that the Police Comm'ttee had not been allowed by the Government to complete their labours. He thought I they ought to have been allowed to hriug up a progress [ report, and to have continued to sit. He did not consider the course takeu by that Committee a prudeut course, al though it was a very natural one. Their usefulness might be very much impaired by efforts of the Govern- j ment to lower them with the House, and, under the cir cumstances, it was not unnatural for them to act as they had done< While malting these remarks on the conduct of the Committer he would ask the mover to strike oat the woids in the motioii after ."adopted," leaving the motion simply one for the adoption of the report. The SPEAKER reminded the hon. member that there was an amendment before the Honse. Mr. BAG JT was merely making a suggestion. He re membered the consequences of transmitting a report to the Governor, and perhaps a similar consequence might | result from sending the report of the {Police Committee to him. Mr. HUGHES regretted that aftef 311 the able addresses they had heard he could not vote either fdr the original motion or the amendment. The report of the Police Committee had been Teecived, and there was no reason for reopening a discussion on the celebrated Govern ment Memorandum. Too much regard had been given to the remarks of the hon. Colonial Treasurer, especially as those remarks had been repudiated by other members j of th6 Government at the time they were enunciated, lie regretted that £0 much time had been wasted in personal squabbles b?tWccn the hon. Colonial Treasurer and other members of the House. (Cheers.) They might he always so occupied if they attended to every expression of an indi1 idual so hot tempered as the hon. Treasurer. Hehimself(Mr. Hughes) had, when doing hi« rlnfv honn ** /*• TToai* honr " his dutf, been accused of "clap-trap." ("Hear hear, from Mr. Neales.) He most say that he believed from the first that the members of the Police Committee had taken Wrong views of Mr. Tolmcris cose. From the evidence already elicited he felt sure that a very different view of that individual's case wonld now be taken He imagined that hon. xticmbcfs on the Police Committee felt that the session was drawing to s close, and wished to retire on their laurels. For his oWn part he bad do objection to allow them to retire on their laurels. It was evident they wished to close their labours—("No, no")—and to take no further—("No, no,- no"). He wonld say " Yes, yes, yes.") Mr. NEALES thought the last speaker had totally mistaken the objects of the Police Committee. He had stated that the Committee wished to close their labours, j but they certainly had entertained no snch wish. The \ course they had pursued had been forced upon them by the Government. If they retired upon their laurels, it Was certainly more than the last speaker would do that session. He nSuch regretted that hon. members on the Government benches had that day "tried back." They had pre vioosly adopted a conciliator)' course, and repudiated all that was offensive to the House, and it woald have been better had they continued to do so. He would not have j supported the original motion, for he did not see much j good in referring matters to His Excellency. But rather j than support the amendment he wonld certainly vote for the motion, but still he would like some temperate- | minded man to propose some improvement on it. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL expressed his entire concurrence in tbe sentiments contaiued in the Govern mcnt Memorandum. Bte saw no reason to shrink from the responsibility of that position. He must demur to the assertion which had been made that all documents appended to any message from h is Excellency were, by being* so appended, endorsed by the Government. He would refer to a message which contained reports and ; communications from various quarters, which the Go vernment were not bound to adopt. Mr. BAKER asked whether anything in those com munications were offensive to the House. (Hear.) The SURVEYOR-GENERAL—That did not affect the argument, Mr. ANGAS wished he had some power to put an end to that discursive debate. It had assumed the aspect of a general debate en the proceedings of the entire session. If it were intended to go on with business in that man ner it would be better for the country members to go home, and leave to those who had inclination for them discussions of that profitless character. He blamed the Committee for the course tbey had adopted with their report. Had he been on that Committee he would have come to the House and complained of the treatment awarded to it by the Government, but not have thrown up the duty in disgust. Still he must ray that he be lieved that Committee had been exceedingly ill used. He was more disposed to adopt the coarse proposed by the hou. member for Light than to adopt the original motion. Mr. BAKER, notwithstanding so much had been said,would make a few remarks. ("Spoke.") He wished to speak in explanation of the facts misstated by the hon. member for Barossa. The Committee had com plained of the insults offered to them, but objections had been taken by the Government, and they were, by the act of the Government, forced to the course they had adopted. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL, being affected by the ; statements of tbe lion, member for Mount Barker, must 1 be allowed to speak in explanation. When the Chairman of the Police Committee brought up the report, the ob jection raised was on a point of order; and as the Com mittee had an object to be served by reading that report then, they made it a final one, ana it was by their own act that their labours were ended. Mr. KINGSTON, being affected by the statement just made, wished also to explain the facts. (A laugh.) The SPEAKER—Really there must be a limit to this somewhere. Mr. KINGSTON only wished to point out that the hon. and learned Advocate was altogether la error in stating that the Committee had made the report a final one. At the last meeting of the Committee it had been agreed to make a progress report, and to take the oppor tunity of complaining of the treatment received from the Government. Mr. FORSTER, notwithstanding the length of the discussion, felt it necessary to state most emphatically that it was the action of the Government alone that had compelled the Committee to cease its labours. There had been no intention on the part of the Committee to make its report a final one. At the last meeting of the Committee the following resolution had been passed:—'That the Committee report progress, and suspend their further enquiries until the charges and imputations made by the Government against Select Committees of the Legislature* and parlicularly against this Committee, be unconditionally withdrawn." It was, in his view, very important that the labours of the Committee should be continued. It was important to the interests of the public, of the police, and of tbe Commissioner of Police; but however important it might be, nothing more could be done, for all action had been foreclosed by the Government. That report had been brought up in the nature of a complaint, and a very grave complaint, too; but the Government compelled the Committee to make that a report which had only been intended as a progress report, as the only way to advance their complaint. The question had been placed in an unfair position by members who had op posed the motion. It had been said that the Committee shrank from their duty in refusing to go on with the investigation they had commenced. That new was as unfair as the view that had been taken "of the Govern ment Memorandum. The objection of the House to the transmission by tbe Governor of such a document hid been construed into a protest against the right of His Excellency to send messages at ttll. It was idle to eaj that the Committee should hive taken no notioe of the charges. The members of a Committee ought to be affected by charges against by official mem* bers of the Government. They would show ft great want of respect to the authority from which the charges emanated were they not to be by MB*"- The hon. member for Tatala objected to the motion as not being accordant with. fret. That hon. member knew very well that the Committee brought op their report only as a complaint, and that at the last mee**T»ff of the Comlmitfcee tney had resolved to suspend their labours until the nnynst aspersions of the Government , against tbem were withdrawn. It had been laid down I tfiat day in that House 'that the Government were not responsible for the memoranda attached to the Gover nor's Memorandum. But the Government bad "^pfted from various memoranda, and had made alterations in the letters they-had selected for publication. The House had learned from the hon. Colonial Treasurer that a portion of his^ letter was held back until the accuracy of that portion couli be established, and he had expressed his willingness to be responsible for It. It was quite clear, then, that the Government felt that they would be responsible for what they appended to the Message. It was not until that day that they had learned that the other members of Government coin cided in opinion with the hon. Colonial Treasurer. That fact rendered it incumbent upon the House to adopt the resolution he had moved. If the injurious remarks were bnt the sentiments of an individoal they might be dis regarded, but when they were endorsed by the Govern ment—— The ADVOCATE-GENERAL protested against the misstatements of the hon. member. The Government was not responsible for the arguments of an individoal. Mr. FOSSTER said it was impossible for the Govern ment to get ont of the responsibility attached to the statements of the Colonial Treasurer. The Government Memorandum not only adopted the letter of the Colonial Treasurer, bnt in fact was founded upon the statements contained in it and in the other appended documents. ' It was then evident that the Memorandum was intended to convey the imputation contained in the letter of the Colonial Treasurer. It had becu said that independent members of the House shoald disregard imputations as the members of the Government did. But the members of the Government could better afford to bear imputa tions upon their conduct. They were there to discharge a certain duty, and were remunerated for doing it. The representative members were there to serve their country without fee or reward. The hon. and learned Advocate had stated that he was not there as a delegate. But as the members of the Executive held their seats in that House only as exponents of the policy of the Government* he would put it to themselves whether they did not really occupy the position of delegates. Their own course of action confirmed that view of their position. They had adopted courses quite incongruous, at different periods, j in accordance with the altered policy of the head | of the Executive. At one time they put it that there was no alternative but to take a nominated Upper House, and since that they had consented to an elective < Chamber. They were bound to represent the views of j the Governor for the time being—they must do so or they must submit to the loss of their places. He did not mean to say that they represented any Gover- | nor in a servile way, but still they must be aware that they were there only as the Governor's mouthpiece. The hou. Advocate-General had compared the elective members to Hainan, the envier and persecutor of Mor decai, and said that nothing availed them so long as the < Memorandum existed. The Memorandum was the | ghost that met them at every step. But he (Mr. Forstcr) would say that the Government were like Ahasuerus, the [ mdster and executioner of Human, who, rather than re- I tract an edict that had passed his lips, involved the Jews and Persians in an exterminating war. The Government, rather than withdraw an offensive and I unjust charge in the Memorandum, impeaching the integrity of a Select Committee of that House, resolved to place themselves in perpetual antagonism with the Council. In conformity with what appeared to be the wish of the House, he should have no objection to i striking ont, as had been suggested, the concluding j words of the motion, which proposed to transmit the resolution to His Excellency. Mr. MACDERMCTT wished to know whether the I adoption of the report would involve the acknowledgment ' of the principle that any hou. member appointed upon a I Select Committee might refuse to sit. (Cries of I " Divide/') The amendment was lost without a division. Mr. BAGOT moved another amendment— ''That all the words in the motion after the word 1 ' adopted' be struck out." The ADVOCATE-GENERAL could not suffer the re marks of the Iioa. member for West Adelaide to pass without comment. That hon. member had said that the Government officers were paid, and therefore that they were bound to submit to all sorts of imputations. ("No, no/') Mr. BAGOT asked whether the hon. member meant to impute that opinion to the House or to any individual member. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL meant to impute It to the hon. member for West Adelaide. But he would in form the House that the remuneration which the Government officers received would be most inadequate in proportion to the amount of service they performed, if they did not at the same time indulge the hope that . they could be useful to the public. Their remuneration was not such, he was sure, as would induce any elective member to sacrifice the same amount of time to the public service. Mr. ANGAS begged the hon. Advocate would not pursue the subject, or a rejoinder most be expected. (A laugh.) Mr. FOR9TER was most willing to withdraw any offensive expression he might be considered to have used. (Hear, hear.) The ADVOCATE-GENERAL expressed himself per fectly satisfied. Mr. BAKER believed that the elective members did as much work and paid as much attention to the business of the House as the Government officers who were paid for It, (Hear, hear.) Mr. BAGOT'S amendment was carried without a division, and the House divided upon the amended motion—"That the report of the Select Committee mi the Police Force be adopted." Axes, 10 — Messrs. Peacock, Angas, Kingston, ! Reynolds, Button, Watts, Baker, Ncales, Bagot, Forster. Noss, 7—The Colonial Secretary, the Advocate General, the Solicitor-General, Messrs. MacDermott, Stirling, Blyth, Hughes. The report was accordingly adopted. APPLICATIONS FOE GOVERNMENT EMPLOY MENT. I The COLONIAL SECRETARY laid upon the table the return which had been called for by the House on the above subject. ROAD ACT FURTHER AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. BLYTH moved tbe second reading of *Wiw Bill. Mr. PEACOCK seconded the motion, which was car riedj and the House went into Comnrittee. Mn BAGOT enquired if there would be any objection ; to including in the schedule a main line of road leading' ; by the Sheaoak Log to Greenock Creek. 1 The SURVEYOR-GENERAL did not think it dtsir- ! able to multiply main roads in that part of the country. Mr. FORSTER remarked that it was the line usually 1 taken by the bullock- drivcrs. The single clause of which the Bill consists was then passed with some verbal alterations, Mr. BLYTH then proposed the various items iu the schedule, viz.;— 1\. A line of road by Aldinga Plains and over the Mount Terrible Ranges, st or near Sellick*s will, to I Yankalilla and Cape Jervis. 1 Passed without remark, 2\. The line of road between Gawler Town and Lyn doeh Valley. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL wished to put upon re- i cord his objection totheirmultiplying main roads beyond j the extent of their means. | Mr. ANGAS remarked that tho revenue, after paying I for the Government establishments, was mainly appli- : cable to such purposes. Mr. BAKER wished the Central Road Board would look a little forward in its operations. He believed that | ere long the district roads would be better than the main lines. Passed. 3\. A line of road from Strathalbyn to Port Elliot, with I a branch to Milang, . Mr, BAKER enquired if this line had the approval of the hon, Surveyor-General. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL said it would certainly be a very useful line of road. 4.- A line of road from Strathalbyn to Wellington. Mr. BAKER put a similar question concerning this line of road. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL said he thought it very j desirable it should be declared. Mr. BAKER remarked that there were two lines, and | expressed a hope that each would be surveyed. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL assented. Mr. ANGAS could not understand how it was that the i hou. Surveyor-General should approve those lines and j object to the line by Gawler Town and Lyndoch Valley. 1 Passed. The Committee then adjourned, the Chairman reported I progress, and obtained leave to sit again on Wednesday next. LIMITED LIABILITY BILL. Mr. NEALES obtained leave to withdraw his notice for the second reading of this Bill, which was made an Order of the Bay for Wednesday next. ABSENTEE DEBTOBS BILL. Mr. BAGOT obtained leave to withdraw his notice for the Committee upon this Bill, which was made an Order of the Bay for Friday next. CORPORATION LAWS AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. DUTTOX moved that this Bill be recommitted. The motion was carried, and the Speaker having left the chair, Mr. BUTTON moved the insertion of a fresh clause relative to the election of corporate officers, in place of certain words which had been added to the 2nd clause in Committee. The proposed clause having been read, The ADVOCATE-GEN Eli AL trusted, for the credit of the Conncil, that it wonld be divided into two, as it mixed up things wholly unconnected with each other. It began by fixing the mode of electing corporate officers, and concluded by awarding payment to the auditors. (A laugh.) The clause was divided, as suggested, and thus passed. Mr. BUTTON moved an addition to tba 17th clause, upon the suggestion of the Corporation of Kensington and Norwood. The addition, which introduced into the Bill the name of that Worshipful body as coming under its provisions, was adopted by the Committee. The House having resumed, the third reading of the Bill was made an Order of the Bay for Wednesday next. KINGSTON ESTATE BILL. Mr. BLYTH moved the second reading of this BilL Its preamble had been satisfactorily proved before the Committee, and he believed there could bo no objection to the Bill's passing. Seconded by Mr. BAGOT. The ADVOCATE-GEBEBAL wonld not oppose the second reading, but might have some suggestions to make in Committee with regard to the details of the BilL The Bill was then read a second time, and its con sideration in Committee made an Order of the Bay for Wednesday next. BUSH FIRES. Mr BAKER moved— "For leave to introduce a Bill to amend the Act No. 11 of 1851, 'To make provision against the danger of bush and other fires.*" Mr FOBS TEE seconded the motion, which was car ried. CENTRAL ROAD BOARD. Mr. BAKER, pursuant to notice, asked the hon. the Colonial Secretary to lay a return upon the table of tins House, showing what amounts have been paid by the Government to the Central Road Board and District Councils in anticipation of the votes of Council, during the present year, and the date of such payments. The COLONIAL SECRETARY replied that he would lay the return upon the table as soon as it oould be pre pared. CITY AND POBT RAILWAY. Mr. BAKER moved— " That there be laid on the table a return of expendi ture on the City and Fort Railway, showing— x. The cost of rolling stock. XX. The cost Of materials for laying Ihn pmniiMit way. xix. The cort of labour in formation of permanent way. xv. Cost of buildings and erections, v. Cost of land purchased and paid for. vt_ Cost of the engineer department, vii. Cost of management and office expenses, and legal or any other expenses in completing the line." His object was to obtain for. the public some available information as to actual expense of constructing the railway. Mr. KINGSTON seconded the motion. ... Mr. BAGOT hoped the Government would furnish the information as soon as possible. ... . The COLONIAL SECRETARY said it would be for tbp ITndnT-InVpr., find jifflf fnr the OoyQrriTIlCnt to furnish the information. . . vu ■--■ Cwiied, )NKAPABINGA BRIDGE* NAIBNE-ROAD, AND HAGILIi-BOAD. Mr. BAKER'S notices of motion for grants inaidyn fte above works were withdrawn, it bong understood, that they would be referred, with the notices respecting other lines of road, to the Central Road Board for its report. APPLICANTS FOB OFFICE. Mr. FOBSTER referred to a reborn which had been laid on the table in reply to a resolution of the House* [t was not* he thought, in conformity with the reso lution, which asked for a nominal return. He wanted to know whether the hon. Secretary would be good, enough, without farther notice, to perfect the return by* riving the names. Xhe COLONIAL ^SECRETARY thought the ratnw* sras in conformity with the expressed wish of the House*. There was an objection to giving names ; it would be* regarded as, in some measure, a breach of fop • every person who applied for Government employment* might not wish to have his name published. {Hear,, hear.) Mr. FOBSTEB considered the return was not In, accordance with J the resolution, but would, having* heard the explanation, take his own oourse in the? matter. House adjourned until 1 o'clock on Tuesday next. 