AN HOUR WITH GHOSTS. On Wednesday evening Dr Embling delivered tha third of tho series of literary and scientific lectures at the United Presbyterian Chapol, in Napier street. The subjcct was one which, uudor ordinary circumstanccs, would probably have d rawn together a very numerous audience. As it happened, however, tho weather and the stato of tho roads militated strongly against tho at tractions of tho ghostly theme. Several of the fair sex honored the lecturer with their presence, and seemed ? to onjoy tho subject amazingly. Dr Embling treated the subject throughout in a popular and amusing man ner, occasionally contriving to harrow up tho nerves of his hearers with a judicious seasoning of mystery and horrors. Ho began by assuring the audience that ho never folt so awkwardly situated in his life. Ho had intended to work up the subject thoroughly, but had not had the necessary leisure. It was purely an acci dental circumstance that he had to deliver tho lecture ; for ho had originally intended, when offering to give ' An Hour with Ghosts,' to lay a trap for a friend. Tho tables, however, had been turned upoi himself, nnd he only hoped they would now havo a pleasant evening, and afterwards be able to retire to ' pleasing dreams and slumbers light.' (Ap plause.) After alluding to the almost universal super-' stitiou in favor. of ghosts and apparitions_ from the spiritual world, the lecturer adduced the instance of Socrates and his demon. A still more singular fact was | one recently told of the CaffVes, who believed that the calamities of tho British in tho Crimea was due to the leadorship of two of their own departed chiefs. _ The question, howover, was, how did these spirits, if such thero were, visit this world ? This was_ a question ho I could not satisfactorily answer. He himself had no faith whatever in ghost stories. These ghosts seldom or nover wore reported to have appeared for any good purpose. The imaginative faculty was probably tho chief soureo of tho delusion. Children wore, thoy all I knew, peculiarly liable to bo improssed with such I stories nnd beliefs, — the power of which over tho mind generally decreased as thoy advanced in lifo, tho development of Reason and in tercourse with the world also tended to diminish theso impressions. Illness, affection, grief — all these were chief fountains of imaginative delusions. Remorse, again, was a powerful agent, as had often been proved in the case of murderers, causing such vivid impres sions of the visible presonce of the murdered victini, as to drive them, in despair, to deliver themselves up to the hands of justice. Superstitious ignorance wus unothor and a most fruitful causc. The lecturer illus trated his subject by several interesting digressions, anil referred to tho popular talo of Robinson Crusoe, ' who when ho saw tho footprint on tho sand, was grie vously perplexed. In general, it would bo found, that cities wore moro froo from ghost stories than wore the woods and rural solitudes, of romantic districts. Theso latter wore the popular seats of spirits. Tho tales of tho Arabian nights wero fami liar to all ; and he might observe that tho nearer we came to the Equator the more . active wore the lie- , tions and vagaries of the imagination. Most of tho fables, of tho kind related in ancient and heroic story, were perhaps to bo referred to the phenomena of the refraction of light. The lecturer alluded to tho popu lar fancies of the Will-o'-thc-Wisp, and tho .talo .of Tam-o'-Shanter; and gave several other humorous and felicitous anecdotes. The Scotch, nnd ospecially tho Irish, wero terribly troubled with ghost stories.^ Men, indeed, in all ages, wero anxious for a communion with tho spiritual world: :a feature to be traced, un doubtedly, to the compound nature of their being. The spiritual clement was ovor powerful, for, as tho poot said, ' non omnis moriar.' The legislators of old time wero, many of them, reported to havo co'ii noction with spiritual beings, »3 was the case of Numa Pompilius, who was said to consult the nymph ligeria, in a eave. Wallenstein, tho great general, and Napoleon Bonaparte wore both highly superstitious men ; tho former especially so. Among the many sources of superstitious terrors was darkness. Ventri loquism was another means of exciting delusive ideas. Tho lecturer here alluded to tho common but very silly practice of dressing up dolls to frighten people at night. Alany persons had boon driven mad by this wicked folly. Sympathy often exorcised very powerful offec'ts upon tho imagination and the general hoaltli of tlio body was mainly concerned. A disordered state of the liver was a fruitful soureo of inclnucholy and uneasiness of inind ; and tho imagination at work under tho influ ence of alcohol was, in this conntry, the main cause of such fancies. Delirium tremens raised real ghosts, the terrible phantoms of the diseased brain. Niglitmaro was another well known source of empty horrors, but common . senso was the best remedy fth:it could bo applied to ghost stories of all kinds. The lecturer went on to adduce a number of highly plausible ghost stories, and gave, at tho same time, a satisfactory explanation of each, and concluded by say ing that probably from the notion of on evil spirit had sprung tho fancies about ghosts. Tho spread of Chris tianity, tlio influence of tho press, tho power of intelli gence, the light of reason and common sense, would gradually dissipate all erroneous ideas of tho subject, and reduce ghosts under the empire of reason. (Much applause.) , ? The Rev. Mr. Hamilton terminated tho evening by moving a vote of thanks to tho lecturer, which was heartily responded to by the audience. 