THE VALUE OF IM" PO UTS AND BALANCE OF TltADK, (From tho Examiner, January Cu) Tho minimi slntcinunl nf tho trndo nnd uavljmtlnn nf tho kingdom for tho yonr 1881, published liy tito Hoard of Trndo, presents a now mid important piirtlaulur In tim computed l'onl vnluo ol' tho imports. Tho first valuation of tills kind wn-1 tnndo ns fur hack us Kim upon tho i»t-tco& then ruling, mid this niitlmmtod viuuution, tanned. official, ni the only standard up to tho appearance of the volume'now before UH. Asa standard of value it WM false, anil utterly useless, but it ba« served as drud« standard of comparison as regards quantity in aggregate accounts. By the help of the official value, it could bo seen whether our imports were' increasing or diminish- ing : but what relation thoy boro to tho exports could not be ascertained; To give an idea of the impractica- bility of dooling with tho official value as any other mensuro than ono of quantity, it may bo enough to state thnt tho total official valuo of tho imports of foreign merchandise in 1851 amounted to £124,130,1511 whilo thu total official valuo of tho exports for tho samo period figures as £314,140,50(1, from which it would appoar thnt our exports nonrly doubled our imports in value Tho declared valuo, that is to say, tho value which tho exporter attaches to his merchandise, gives a sufficiently close approximation tb tho true account ; and tho total declared valuo of tho «xports for 1834 is £07,208,000 considerably loss than Iinlf tho quoted offioial value. Tile computed real valuo of the imports now supplies what was so long wanting in tho commercial statistics, and we And that tho valuo of our imports for tho yonr 1854 was £158,501,513 instead of £124,338,478 as accor ding to tho official valuo ; and it is to be observed that this ohsoloto official valuo raises tho aggrogato valuo of tho exports and diminishos that of tho imports, tho formor hoing chiefly manufactured articles, tho lattor principally raw material, and tho prices of manufactures tending downwards with the steadiness of a law of gra- vitation, which is not so generally tho ouse with tho articles of importation, many of whioh have advanced in prioo since the remoto dato of tho official valuo. Tho discovory that tho real valuo of our imports for 1854 was upwards of 152 millions, tho declared valuo of tho experts for tho same period having been 07 millions, has raised tho old ghost of an adverso balança of trndo. Qofora wo disposo of this extraordinary fallacy we must obsorvo that tho oloraents of comparison aro wanting betweon tho computed vnluo of tho imports and tho declared valuo of tho exports. Tho declared vnluo of a cargo of British produce bound lo a foreign country, is its vnluo when it is shipped in tho homo port. . Tho compu- ted vnluo of a cargo from abroad includes freight, insur- ance, and tho profit to bo mado upon tho current prices. An ostimnto for tho amount of .these items must bo deducted from tho valuo of tho imports, or an estimate of tho sama elomonts added to tho declared valuo of the exports, boforo a balança between tho two cnn ba struck.' As tho account now stands,' tho ono is plu» freight, insur- ance, and profit; tho othor minim freight, insurance and profit. "Wo fool quito confident that if tho bnlnnao could bo fairly struck, tho valuo of tho imports would bo found still to oxceod considerably tba vnluo of tho oxports, though not by so enormous an amount ns fifty-fivo mil- lions, for if our imports aro not worth moro than our exports, our trado is in a bad way indeed. Tho contrary opinion which so long provnilod, and which is yat held in soma quarters, is ono of flio most extraordinary errors that over lad peoplo astray. It probably arose from tho domestic idea which connects selling with profit, and abstaining from buying with economy. But in trado thero must bo buying to soil, and soiling to buy ; and what is bought out of tho procoods of what is sold should ba of moro vnluo, or tho trndo is a losing ono. ' If a marchant sands a cargo of British manufactures to tho United States, and invests tho amount of a profltablo salo in cotton for tho Liverpool market, it is clear that his cargo of imports will bo of moro vnluo than was his cargo ol' oxports in direct proportion to tho profits of tho I transaction. But to reduce tho proposition to its sim- plest expression, tho incomings ol' a nation ought to exceod its outgoings, just as tho incomo of an individual ought to exceed his expenditure ; and tho aggrogato valuo of whnt goos out of a nation's ports ought to bo loss than tho aggrogato valuo of what comos into its ports, or it is carrying on. a losing trade. Mosos, in the Vicar of Wakefield, had tho old doctrino of tho balance of tindo on his side. Ho took a horno worth somo shillings to markot, and brought back tho gross of green spoctaolos, not worth as many farthings. Tho horso corresponded with an export, tho spectacles with an import. But wo shall porhaps ho told, your imports aro not oil in exclmngo for your exports. You have bought moro than you can pay for in goods', nnd tho bnlnnco you hnva to pay in gold. This is nu assertion which it is easy to make, nnd unfortunately not so easy to nnswor, ns our accounts of tho export of bullion ara vory imperfect, and of tho import of bullion there is nono whatever, tho le- gislature having, in its wisdom, specially oxompled im- ported gold from account, in common with fresh fish. Wo know, howovor, thnt gold dnos como into tho country in tho woy of pnymonts, ns woll as go out of it; and if wo had a complota view of our (ratio we should soo tho part of gold in it liko iron, coppor, loud, or nny other commodity, and might perhaps find that our imports of this articlo also exceed tito exports, which should crown tho assurau o of tho old Protectionists that tho country is clean undone. Having fortified oursolvos with this view of tho bn- lnnco of trado, wo mny now venturo to look nt tho trado with tho United States without trembling. It appears that tho valuo of our imports from America aro nearly thirty millions, whilo our exports somowhnt exceed twenty-two millions. This is tho greatest trado wo have, far surpassing tito trndo with British India, or that willi Australia, largo as thoy aro. Our import of mw cotton nlono in 1854 amounted to £17,274,077. Tho article of import next in vnluo is wheat meal, £¡2,700,703 ; after thnt, maize, £1,071,280, nnd corn, £1,487,725. Tko Union is our customer, in return, for iron to tho valuo of fivo millions and upwards ; manufactured cottons, nearly th« e millions and a half; woollens, upwards of th reo millions ; slops, nearly a million and a half. Whnt immcuso interests in penco on both sides of tho Atlantic nro represented by theso figuras.. Wo hnvo wholo populations in mutual dependence, bound up to- gether in weal or woe. In tho general nrticlos from différent oountrioswo find that wo spond two millions in such an nrticlo ns butter. In guano two millions nnd n half. Wo cat 184,810 cubic foot of foreign eggs, plus eighty-flvo millions previously entered in numbers, valued altogether nt £228,(150, rather loss than n halfponny ouch. Thoso eggs nro now eulercd nt tho Custom-houso in cubic foot, 200 eggs to a oubio foot ; from which it appears that tho Customs hnvo dono moro than solvo tho problem of squaring tho circlo in squaring n figure so much loss regular, which would hnvo defied tho ecianco of Pythagoras and Newton to bolt. Wo spond in ten moro than sixty millions, in I coffee thirty-soven millions, in broad-stud's nearly twelve millions, in wino moro than thrco millions, in chooso nearly a million. All theso amounts aro exclusivo of duties. And this is tho trndo of tho first yoar of war, and Ibero is ovory promiso that thu nccount for tho second year will not bo lass satisfactory. 