ANT I STATE-AID No. 8. To the Editor o f the Mount Alexander Mail. Sir,— Fully concurring in my opponent's remark that an unduly protracted controversy, tends rather to disgust than to edify a community, and allowing him to judge as to whether the present controversy has reached that point ; with your kind permission. I bee to offer in conclusion, a re- capitulation of what I have previously advanced. I granted that God did tithe the land of Judea. I showed that no other land has ever been tithed under the sanction of God. I showed that God imposed the payment of tithes only on his own people, and that in favor of the tribe of Levi. That the priests, a particular family of that tribe, were only to receive of the Levitcs,. a tithe of their tithe — that is a hun dredth part, the ninety going to other laborers. I proved that the contributions of the Jewish people were unforced, or they were given wil lingly. I showed that under Judaism, priests were statesmen, judges, lawyers, physicians, school masters — that they were at the head of every de partment of the State — that the ecclesiastical go verned the civil, whereas in our day it is ex pected that the civilshall govern the ecclesiastical, as is evident from the following facts : — 1\. The Queen is recognised under God, or taught to be, as the only Supreme Governor of ner Dominions, as well iu all spiritual or ecclesiastical things or causes as temporal. 2\. The Queen has the exclusive appointment of the bishops. 3\. The bishops are allowed seats in Parliament. I showed the passages—1 "Kings shall b» thy nursing fathers, and Queensthy nursing mothers," and — "Thou shalt also suck the milk of the Gentiles, and they shall suck the breast of Kings" —would not by any means bear the exclusive construction put upon them by Sigma, because, if they did, then State-aid altogether independent of, Christian character, would fulfil those prophecies, and filthy lucre would be the Alpha and Omega of religious progress. Kings and queens would thus invalidate the necessity of anatoneuient, inasmuch as they would secure the character of being reli gious on the ground of good works. I proved the passage quoted by my opponent from the New Testament, had nothing whatever to do either with the State or endowments. _ I proved that neither the Queen nor the arch bishops hare any scriptural warrant to assume head-ship over the church contrary to the fol lowing New Testament passages " One is your master, even Christ, and all ye are brethren" — Again, Col. 1 ch., 18 v.; and, Eph. 1 ch., 22 v. I proved the uncertain and unreliable character of the canon that "whatever doctrine of the Old Testament is not expressly repealed by the New Testament continues in force under Christianity." From the_01d and New Testaments I proved that during the first three centuries after the introduc tion of Christianity, the ministers were supported by the voluntary contributions of the faithful. ""Every one (says Tertullian) brings a moderate contribution once a month, or wheu he chooses, and only wheu he chooses and is able, for there is no compulsion, but the gift is spontaneous, being- as it were the deposit of piety." Besides, other things unnnecessary to be mentioned here. I ad vanced on behalf of voluntaryism, with what success I leave the numerous and intelligent readers of your extensively circulated journal to decide. One great mistake made by the advo- eates of State endowment is, that they view reli gion as a marketable commodity, which is not the fact, whatever may be predicated of the ordi nances of religion. Baptism, for instance, so far as it is the outward and visible sign of au inward and spiritual grace, may be dispensed by clergy men; but the inward and spiritual grace, if com municated at all, must be communicated by the operation of the spirit of God. Adam Smith, in his "Wealth of Nations," argues that religion ought to be left to the law of supply and demand. State-aidists object to this course on account of man's moral indisposition to seek after Divine things, and' they deem it expedient, they say, to create an appetency or demand, thus implying their ability to do so, overlooking the fact that the supply is supernatural; the demand is spiri tual. Acts, vm. c., IS — 21 v. — "Paul may plant; Apollos may water ; but God giYetli tha increase. Supernatural influence -fails to create the desired appetency in a very considerable number of the human race, because man's free agency must he consulted so long as his accountability is de manded. Were it possible for Deity to force religion on any man that enforcement would sub vert free-agency, and the subversion of free- agency would terminate responsibility. State- aidists, by compelling men to support religious systems with which tuej' have no sympathy, vir tually say that had they the power, they would compel men to be religious — in fact, they have frequently tried to do so, and have thus clearly demonstrated their ignorance of the fundamental principles of Christianity. Religion consists in " righteousness, peace, nnd joy in the Holy Ghost." If State establishments have the power to create an appetency for Divine things, considering all the appliances claimed for them by my opponent over voluntaryism, then an awful amount of cul pability attaches to them for failing to do what they in all respects are so very peculiarly qualified to perform. They have tried to clothe religion in all conceivably attractive garbs in order to gain attention, but have been eminently unsuccessful. Voluntaries preach Christ crucified in hope that the spirit of God will convince men of sin, of righteousness aud of judgment, the work of -salvation is then between mau and God. If men comply with the conditions of the gospel, viz., " repentance towards God, and faith in our Saviour Jesus Christ," salvation is theirs, if not, the re sponsibility is wholly theirs. Ministers of the gospel, as such, eau neither create the demand, nor furnish the supply, and any attempt to do so is " a delusion, a mockery, and a snare." I might, say more, but inasmuch as my opponent is not to fol low me, it would be unfair to his cause, and there fore with one or two more remarks, I shall close this letter. I asked my opponent in one of my letters if State endowed churches, and State en dowed schools produced the scholars he referred to, inasmuch as our controversy has not been on State-aid to education, but on State-aid to religion. 'Almost any person but Sigma knows full well that voluntaries have done more for their children, preachers, nnd congregations, than he seems dis posed to credit them with. I' hope the Legislative Assembly of -Victoria will see it to be its duty at once to do awny witb all State-aid to religion, or, if only on the principle of fairness to all her Majesty's subjects, adopt the recommendation of his Excellency the Acting-Governor.' It is a pity if men are good enough to pay, but are not good enougli to receive.- ; No man can possibly occupy the position to define satisfactory to all men the term " religion," and for that reason it should be left with men to entertain and promulgate their own views as successfully as they may. I tender my warmest thanks to my opponent % the urbanity and gentlemanly character of his epistles, and I also beg your acceptance of my sin- cerest acknowledgments for your impartiality and conrtesv. — I remain. Sir. vours obediently GEORGE KITCHING. 