ANGAS TON. Satubdat, Jdnb 14. present— ah tne members. Transfer of licenco granted from C. Young to J. McEvily, Pcnrice. Slaughtering licenco granted to Pa trick Size and W. Leopold. The Clerk reported having seen the Solicitors respect ing Mr. Warren's claim for commission on tho award of arbitration of the land taken for a road through Ferrit's section, and stated their opinion to be that it the claim was just the Council arc accountable. A balance-sheet and statement of estimated revenue and expenditure for the current year was laid on tha table, winch showed a probable deficiency of £22 18s. 10d. Ordered, that the Clerk do read the same at the public meeting. Mr. J. 11. Angas stated that Mr. G. F. Angas objected to two of the trees being removed from the road between Bower's and Shilling's, such road being his private pro perty. The Clerk was instructed to send notices to all rate defaulters, aud to proceed to recover the amounts by law in the event of their net being settled up at tho time specified in such notices. Resolved, that the persons interested in the proposed bridges over the Gawler River, to whom conditional aid was promised by tho late Council, be written to with a view of ascertaining if they a*c in a condition to fulfil their part of the conditions. Tho Clerk reported that the proposed new line of road through Section 88 (Galloway's) had been surveyed, and laid plan and particulars thereof oh tbe table. Messrs. Foott, Crabbc, and Radford wcro appointed a deputation to inspect and report upon the same. The meeting then adjourned. Immediately afterwards the publio meeting of ratepayers was held. THE MOLLY-XltEE INN.— XllO lOllOWing ketch is from tho 'Christmas number' of Dickens'! household Wordt:— 'It was still dark when we left the Peacock. For a little while, pale, uncertain ghosts of louses and trees appeared and vanished, and then it was lord, black, frozen day. People wcro lighting their ires ; smoke was mounting straight up, high into the areficd air ; and we were rattling for Ulgbgate Arch vay over the hardest ground I have ever heard tho ring if iron shoes on. As we got into the country, every hing seemed to have grown old and grey. The roads, he trees, thatched roots of cottages and homesteads, the ricks in farmers' yards. Out-door work was abandoned, lorsc- troughs at roadside inns were frozen hard, no itragglers lounged about, doors were close shut, little .urnpike-houses had blazing lires inside, and children [even turnpike people have children, and seem to like them) rubbed the frost from the little panes of gloss irith their chubby arms, that their bright eyes might :ateh a glimpse ot the solitary coach going by. I don't taowwhen the bhow began to set in; but I know that we were chanzing hoescs Eomcwhcre when I beard tho guard remark, ' That tho old lady up in the sky was picking her pecse pretty hard to-day.' Then, indeed, [ found the white down was falling fast and thick. The lonely day wore on, and I dozed it out as a lonely tra veller does. 1 was warm and valiant after eating and tanking— particularly after dinner ; cold and depressed. \t all other times. I was always bewildered as to lima md place, and alwayB more or less out of my senses. The coach and horses seemed to execute in chorus, 'Auld Lang Syne,' without a moment's intermission. They kept the time and tune with the greatest r egnlarity, and rose into the swell at the beginning of the refrain with a precision that wornetllme to death. When we changed horses, the guard and coachman went Btumping up and down the road, printing off their shoes in the snow, and poured so much liquid conselation into themselves with out being any the worse for it, that I began to confound them, as it darkened again, with two great white casks standing on end. Our horses tumbled down hi solitary places and we got them up — which was the plcasantcst variety I had, for it warmed me. And it snowed and snowed, and still it snowed, and never left off snowing. All night long we went on in this manner. ThuB, we came found the clock, upon the Great North-road, to the performance of 'Auld Lang Syne' by day again. And it snowed and snowed, and still it snowed, and never left off snowing. I forget now where we were at noon on the second aay, and where we ought to have been ; bnt I know that we were scores of miles behindhand, and that our case was grow ng worse every hour. The drift wsa becoming prodigiously deep : landmarks were get ting snowed out; the road and the fields were all one; instead of having fences and hedgerows to guide us, wo went crunching on, over an unbroken surface of ghaitly white that might sink beneath us at any moment and drop ns down a whole hillside. Still the coachman and guard— who kept together on the box, always in council, and looking well about them— made out the track with astonishing sagacity. When we came in sight of a town, it looked, to my fancy, like a large drawing on a slate, with abundance of slate-pencil ex pended ou tho churches and houses where the snow lay thickest. Whon we came within a town, and found the church clocks all stopped, the dial-faces choked with snow, and the inn-signs blotted out, it seemed as if tho whole place were overgrown with white moss. As to the coacb.it was a mere Bnowball; similarly, tho men and boys who ran along beside us to the town s end, turning; our clogged wheels and encouraging our 'horses, wero meu and boys of snow; and the bleak wild solitude to which they at last dismissed us was a snowy Sahara. Onewonld have thought this enough; notwithstanding which, I pledge my word that it snowed and snowed, and. still it snowed, and never left off snowing. We performed 'Auld Lang Sync' the whole day; seeing nothing, out of towns and villages, but the track of stoats, hares, and foxes, and sometimes or birds. At 0 o'clock at night, on a Yorkshire moor, a cheerful burst from our horn, and i welcome sound of talking, with a glimmering and mo ving about of lanterns, roused me from my drowsy state. I found that we were going to change. They helped me out, and I snid to a waiter, whose bare head became as white as King Lear's in a singlomtaule: ?What inn is this ?'-' The Holly-Tree, Sir/ said he. Macnmon had already replied, ? 'ics, he'd take her ♦hrnnSi it.'— meaning by 'her1 tho coach— ',if so be as KWould TstondVhini.'Geergewas'the guard, and he had already sworn that he would stand by him. So the helpers were already getting the horses out.' . 'Cookeby Aro Cuniosmr. — The French, modes of cooking fish are very numerous, as durin? Lent the dishes in many houses are composed of fish and vegetables, or what are called wef» mai^rei. On this subject, however, we must net be too curious, or seek to pry into the modes in which some peoplo reconcile jour* maigres with fastidious appetites. At a splendid dinner given by the Legate of Avignon to tho Prior of Chaitrcux, a superb fish, cooked to perfection, and likely to havo tempted the Pope himself had he been present, was hanced to the prior. Ho helped himself, and was on the eve of eating, when one of the brothers said to him. 'My brother, do not touch that, it is not maigre. I went Into the kitchen and I sair tblnw there would inako you shudder; the sauce thai you fancy is made from carrots and onions is made from nam mI rabUts.'k 'My brother, you talk .too 'much, and are too curious' replied the prior; 'the] kitchen is »ot your places ''d curiosity is a grievous sin, a 