SYNOD OF NEW SOUTH WALES. [FROM A CORRESPONDENT.] The Annual Meeting of this ecclesiastical body was held in the Scots Church, on Tuesday, the 14th instant : Present, Rev. Dr. Lang, of Sydney, Moderator; Rev. James Collins, of Balmain ; Rev. William Chaucer, of the Lower Hunter, and Rev. William Ridley, B.A., Ministers ; and Mr. George Brown, and Mr. John McNab, Elders. The Rev. Matthias Goethè, a licentiate and ordained minister of the Synod, now Superintendent of the Ger- man Lutheran Church in the province of Victoria, also took part in the proceedings as a corresponding member from that body, and Mr. Thomas Bell, preacher of the Gospel, from Brisbane, also a licentiate of the Synod, was likewise in attendance with a view to his ordination. The Synod was constituted by singing the 134th psalm, and by the offering up of prayer by the Moderator. The minutes of the last annual meeting were then read and confirmed. The Moderator then retiring from his office, it was agreed that the Rev. James Collins be the Moderator, and the Rev. William Ridley, B.A., the Synod Clerk for the ensuing year. Dr. Lang then reminded the Synod that Mr. Thomas Bell, an alumnus of the Universities of Edinburgh and St. Andrew's, who had studied for the ministry for several sessions in the United Presbyterian Church in Scot- land, but had been obliged to leave that country before the completion of his course, from the infirm state of his health, had been taken on trials for license by the Synod, shortly after his arrival in this colony, in the month of April, 1855; and being found eminently qualified, had been licensed to preach the Gospel. Shortly thereafter Mr. Bell had been obliged to leave Sydney for a still more genial climate, and had gone to Brisbane, Moreton Bay; where his health, having been partially restored, he had since been preaching the Gospel with much acceptance in that important locality, where he had gathered around him a number of reputable families and individuals who were now desirous that he should be ordained to the holy ministry as their pastor. The place of worship hitherto occupied by Mr. Bell is called the Evangelical Church, having been erected under the minis- try of the Rev. Charles Stewart, and belonging in equal proportions to the three denominations of Presbyterians unconnected with the State, Independents and Baptists; the population at the time being too small to admit of any one of these communions having a minister and church for themselves, and all the three having accord- ingly agreed to unite together till they should each be strong enough to stand alone, as would very shortly be the case. There had been some difficulty indeed in the way of a division of the property, so as to secure its fair proportion to each of the three denominations ; but this difficulty, there was reason to believe, would shortly be removed, and in the prospect of this consummation, and of a Presbyterian Church unconnected with the State being planted in Brisbane, it was exceedingly desirable that Mr. Bell should forthwith be ordained to the holy ministry. As Mr. Bell's certificates from the Universities of Edinburgh and St. Andrew's, as also from the theological professors under whom he had been studying with a view to the holy ministry, had all been already submitted to the Synod and highly approved, and as the Synod had also made full proof of his quali- fications in literature and science, philosophy and theology, as well as in preaching the Gospel, he was decidedly of opinion that any further trial or examina- tion was quite unnecessary, beyond that of hearing Mr. Bell deliver one or two additional discourses. In this opinion the brethren entirely concurred, and it was therefore agreed that Mr. Bell should proceed with his trials for ordination forthwith. Mr. Bell accordingly delivered a portion of a lecture, on Luke VII. 11-18, being the narrative of Christ raising from the dead, the son of the widow of Nain ; as also a portion of a sermon on Luke XV. 7, 10. I say unto you that likewise joy shall be in heaven over one sinner that repenteth, &c.; These trials being unani- mously and cordially sustained, it was agreed that Mr. Bell should be ordained in the Scots Church, in the evening of Wednesday, the 15th instant, at seven o'clock ; the Rev. Matthias Goethé, to preach the ordination sermon, and the Rev. Hugh Barling, of the United Presbyterian Church, (as had been previously and specially agreed on,) to deliver the charge to the newly ordained minister. Tbe Rev. Dr. Lang then gave a brief outline of the state and protracted of the Church and congregation under his pastoral charge. From his own frequent and protracted absence in different and distant parts of the territory for years past, the interests of his congre- gation must necessarily have suffered. But it was absolutely necessary, for the welfare and extension of the Church generally, as well as to meet the spiritual wants of a rapidly increasing and extend- ing population, that some minister or other of colonial experience should be enabled to undertake such journeys to distant parts of the territory, and should be relieved for this purpose, in great measure at least, if not entirely, of the charge of a particular congregation. With this view, and with his own entire concurrence and approval, the elders and committee of management of the Scots Church had about a year ago appointed a committee of eminent ministers and laymen in the mother-country to nominate a colleague for himself in the ministry of that Church, and had transmitted funds to Scotland to defray the expense of his passage out, and a definitive communication on the subject was ex- pected shortly. Since his own return from England in the year 1853, six additional Presbyterian Churches had been formed in Sydney and its neighbourhood. All of these had doubtless consisted, to some extent at least, of drafts from previously existing congregations ; but he had no doubt whatever that if his own Church and congregation should be fortunate enough to obtain the service of an acceptable minister who would remain with them permanently and allow him (Dr. Lang) to be frequently absent, the interests of the congregation would be greatly promoted, while their prospects would be sufficiently encouraging. The Rev. William Chaucer stated that his congrega- tion at Tomago was gradually increasing. On Ash Island all opposition to his labours had ceased, and he had a united and cordial congregation in that locality, while the condition of the cause at Waratah was on the whole promising. His hearers had increased about 50 during the year. The Rev. William Ridley, B.A., thought it due to the Synod to state that he had been obliged for the present to retire from the mission to the Aborigines at Moreton Bay. The measure of support had fallen short of what was absolutely necessary for the continuance of the mission—not from any want of attachment to the mission on the part of those who had formed the Society there, but chiefly from the state of commercial depression which had recently prevailed to an unusual extent in that part of the colony. The Rev. Dr. Lang then stated that he had recently received letters from their brethren the Rev. Patrick Fitzgerald, of the Tumut, from the Rev. Alexander Black, of Murrurundi, and from the Rev. Thomas Kings- ford, of Warwick, on the Darling Downs ; all of whom were prevented, by the great distance of their respective stations, from being present on the present occasion. Mr. Fitzgerald's position on the Tumut, he could state however was increasingly satisfactory. His church and manse had been completed, and his people, although not numerous, were much attached to him. His nearest clerical neighbour was the Rev. J. Ballantyne, of Albury, who had been sent out to that important station on the frontier of this colony by the Synod of the United Pres- byterian Church in Victoria. Mr. Ballantyne, he expected, would occupy his place during an extensive tour he contemplated making down the Murrumbidgee. Mr. Chaucer had been at the opening of Mr. Black's new church, at Murrurundi during the past year ; and both there and at Mr. Kingsford's extensive field of labour on the Darling Downs, the prospect was fair and encouraging. The Rev. James Collins, Moderator, merely referred to the statement he had given in April last, viz.—That he had been unable to continue his services in Pyrmont, but that the cause of Christ was prospering under his ministry at Balmain, where he now preached regularly twice every Lord's day, the attendance and the number of communicants having increased considerably since the meeting of Synod in 1855. The Rev. Matthias Goethè then rose to give some ac- count of the work in which he had been engaged since leaving Sydney, in 1852, on behalf of the large and increasing German population of Victoria. In that work he must in the first place recognize the Hand of God; in no other way could he account for what had been done than by saying, " This is the Hand of God." He then referred briefly to his own early history; he had in early life been designed for the Christian ministry ; and when he had come to the knowledge of the truth in his native city of Coblentz, be had pursued his studies with that view in Belgium and in Paris, where he had the privilege of being instructed in the studies prepara- tory to the ministry of the Gospel, by several eminent pious and learned ministers of the Evangelical Church of France. The revolution of 1818 having interfered with his prospect of being settled as a Protestant minis- ter in France, he returned to Brussels and was intend- ing to seek a sphere of ministerial labour in America, when he met with some of the letters of the Rev. Dr. Lang in the British Banner, inviting young men, candi- dates for the Ministry, to come over to Australia and labour there in the Gospel of Christ. And after some correspondence with his much esteemed friend and brother, Dr. Lang, he decided on accompanying him to this colony. He need not refer to his labours in Sydney, where he was occupied both in teaching at the Australian College, and in preaching to a small congregation of his country- men in Sydney. One express design of his ordination, as recorded in the minutes of the Synod, was that he should seek out his own countrymen and preach to them. In pursuance of that design he had embraced what seemed to him the best opportunity that was offered of promot- ing the spiritual welfare of German colonists. Having gone to Melbourne about the end of 1852, for the benefit of his health, which had been considerably injured by too close application to his duties in teaching, he had been invited by a considerable number of Germans there to labour among them as their pastor. He had about 200 hearers when he first preached to the Germans in Melbourne, and he found there were thousands within a short distance of that city, and many thousands in the colony of Victoria, who would most gladly welcome the services of German ministers. From the first he had been most cordially treated by the Germans in Victoria, everywhere in that colony Germans come eagerly in large numbers to hear the Gospel. Mr. Goethè then enumerated various localities in the neighbourhood of Melbourne and Geelong (New Bres- lau, New Mecklenburg, Heidelberg, &c.;), chiefly inhabited by Germans, at which he had successively commenced regular preaching at various intervals. Services were conducted at all of these places by elders and schoolmasters in the absence of the minister. He soon found this very important and delightful work expanding far beyond his power to meet it; and had at length sought and obtained the co-operation of his esteemed and beloved brother, Rev. Gottfried Haus- mann, who had long been devoted to tho Gospel minis- try, having come to this country, more than 18 years ago, as a missionary to the aborigines at Moreton Bay. Mr. Hausmann was now labouring with many pleasing tokens of that success which the Divine presence and blessing alone can give, at Germantown, a suburb of Geelong. The German congregation there had built for him a church and a very commodious and excellent house; and his ministry uniting them was very highly esteemed. Besides this, there were many thousands of Germans at the Victoria diggings, especially at Ballaarat and Bendigo. These he and his esteemed brother, Haus- mann, had repeatedly visited ; and had received from them very urgent requests for a continuance of the ministrations of the Gospel. As an instance of the real and earnest desire of the Germans at the diggings for the services of a Christian minister, Mr. G. mentioned that those at Bendigo willingly paid £10, and lately £12, every time ho visited them for his travelling expenses alone ; besides contributing to other funds in connection with this work of God. He went to them once a month, and they wished him to come oftener, not grudging £12 for coach hire as often as he would come ; and at their request he had invited another German minister from Moreton Bay to come and settle at Bendigo. Other places were also urgent in their requests for Gospel minis- trations in German ; and he was now on his way to the mission station at Moreton Bay, to endeavour to get several of the brethren there to come over and help in the great work which the Lord had put into their hands in Victoria. After shewing, by many particulars, the nature, the vast extent, and the deep interest of the work to which he and his brethren were called in Victoria ; and earnestly calling on his brethren in the Synod to recog- nize the Hand of God in this work. Mr. Goethe proceeded to point out the reasons why he and his colleagues did not identify themselves with any one of the denominations of English origin in these colonies, but rather sought to build up an evangelical Lutheran Church. Let the German Church grow up side by side with the others ; there was room for this tree also in the garden of God. It was of comparatively small moment what was the exact form of its branches, if only it was a tree of God's own planting, made up of living souls, engrafted into Christ the living Vine. It was right and expedient to consult the feelings, and ensure the attention, of the thousands who are coming from Germany, by preserving here those modes of presenting soul-saving and sanctify- ing Truth which are endeared to them by the memories of their ancestors and their fatherland. Though rationalism had made fearful ravages among the German Protestants, the evangelical part of the Lutheran Church were quite at one with the evangelical Christians of Eng- land and Scotland on all vital doctrines. Tho speaker concluded a long and deeply-interesting address, by thanking his friends and brethren in tbe Synod for the warm interest they had always felt, and proved, in the great and arduous work to which the Hand of God had led him, and in which, he trusted still to be upheld and guided by the same gracious and mighty band. The following resolution was then submitted to the Synod and unanimously agreed to— The brethren assembled in Synod record their gratification at the account given by the Rev. Matthias Goethè of the work of God in which his labours, and those of the Rev. Gottfried Haus- mann have been instrumental in Victoria; and their earnest desire and prayer for the continued success of that great work. In moving this resolution the Rev. Dr. Lang observed that he entirely concurred with his esteemed friend and brother Mr. Goethè in thinking that it was far better on many accounts for himself and his German brethren to raise up a German Lutheran Church in Victoria than to coalesce with any Church of British origin in that colony. There were national feelings and associations, which it was of the utmost importance to enlist in their favour in such a cause, and which no Church of British origin could supply. Besides, it was matter of great thankfulness that, when apostacy and corruption had spread so widely in the Lutheran Church in Germany, there was so fair a pros- pect of having the pure doctrines of the great father of the Reformation faithfully preached in the Lutheran Church in Victoria. He considered it a great honour to their Synod that they had been instrumental in originat- ing so important a work as that which had just been des- cribed to them, in so deeply interesting a manner, by sending forth from their midst two such men as Messrs. Goethè and Hausmann to the colony of Victoria. Mr. Hausmann, had been ordained by this Synod to itinerate in the Northern Districts in December, 1851; but at the earnest and repeated call of Mr. Goethè he had joined him in Victoria during the past year, and in a letter which he had just received from him, of date German Town, 4th October, he observes, ' We believe it is the Lord's will that we should be here : we are happy and contented. I have a large congregation. Many of my people feel thankful to the Lord that he has sent me to them. If, ever I was sure of my call and work in the vineyard of the Lord, it is here in German Town." The Synod then adjourned till the following day (Wednesday, the 15th) at 4 p.m., the Sederunt being concluded with the apostolic benediction. Wednesday, 15th October, 1856.—The Synod met, at 4 p.m., pursuant to adjournment. Present, the Moderator the Rev. Dr. Lang, the Rev. W. Chaucer, the Rev. Matthias Goethè; the Rev. W. Ridley, B.A., and Mr. Thomas Bell, Preacher of the Gospel. The meeting was chiefly occupied in the reading of a statement by the Rev. Dr. Lang, regarding the property of the Scotch Church and the Australian College Build- ings, with reference to the recent prosecution in the Supreme Court. The statement in question was also illustrative of the relation in which the Synod stood to other ecclesisastical bodies of the Presbyterian com- munion in these colonies, as also of what prospect there is under existing circumstances of the establish- ment of a Presbyterian College in connection with the University of Sydney. The brethren recommended that this paper should be published for general information, which it will be accordingly when completed. The Synod was then closed with the apostolic bene- diction, to meet in the evening at seven, for the ordina- tion of Mr. Bell. Scots Church, 15th October, Seven P.M. The Synod, pursuant to adjournment: present, the Moderator; the Rev. Dr. Lang, and Messrs. Chaucer, Ridley, and Goethè, ministers; and Mr. George Brown and Mr. John McNab, elders. Mr. Thomas Bell, preacher of the Gospel was also present with a view to his ordination; and the Rev. Hugh Darling, of the United Presbyterian Church, was also in attendance to deliver the charge to the newly ordained minister. The proceedings were commenced by the Rev. Wil- liam Ridley, B.A., by giving out from the desk the fol- lowing verses of the 68th Psalm, from the Scotch version, which were sung by the congregation : Thou hast, O Lord, most glorious, Ascended up on high; And in triumph victorious led Captive captivity: Thou hast received gifts for men, For such as did rebel; Yea, even for them, that God the Lord In midst of them might dwell. Mr. Ridley then offered up the introductory prayer. The Rev. Matthias Goethè, then read from the pulpit Acts xx. 17—38; and afterwards delivered the ordina- tion sermon from 1st Timothy, iii. 1. This is a true saying, if a man desire the office of a bishop, he desireth a good work. In discoursing on this passage of Scripture, the preacher shewed the great excellence of the work of a bishop, that is, a minister or pastor, first in a merely human point of view. It is an excellent thing in the eyes of all, to rule or exercise authority over the minds of men; and none rules the mind so truly, or in such an eminent sense, as the able and faithful minister. The office of the ministry might be compared in this respect to the institution of the Sabbath, that it was essential to the preservation of nations, as well as of smaller communities, from sinking into heathenism. The Sabbath is necessary for man, as man: so also is the Ministry of the Gospel. Again, all men recognized the important influence of the Christian Ministry on those momentous occasions which might be termed the resting points, or great eras, of human life. When parents, with gratitude, anxiety and hope, behold their infant offspring just entering life—a precious charge entrusted to them by their Heavenly Father how much the presence of a minister, to commend the new born babes to the Redeemer, and to receive them into the visible Church, enhances the solemn joy of the occasion! When two hearts are joined, and their life, destiny, and hopes united by marriage, all acknowledge tho necessity of the minister's presence. And when mourning relatives and friends have to bury their dead out of their sight, the discourse and prayers of the minister are sought by all to soothe the pain of the separation and improve the solemn occasion. Even in a human point of view, also, it is an excellent thing to be a witness and advocate, amid the engrossing and often depressing and even debasing pursuits of secular life, of things unseen and eternal. Having proved that, viewed from the merely human stand-point, the office of a minister is an excellent work, the preacher went on to shew how much more its excel- lence is apparent from the Christian stand-point. We ought to regard this work in the light of God's word, as disciples of Jesus Christ. And to such it must appear surpassingly excellent, as a manifestation of the Divine will to man, through a human instrumentality. Even the proclamation of the law of God, although a ministra- tion of condemnation and death, is an excel- lent and glorious work: how much more then must not the ministration of the Gospel, the declaration of pardon and everlasting salvation, be a surpassingly excellent and glorious work! After expatiating on the unspeakable and endless blessings conveyed to the souls of men through the ministry of the Gospel, the preacher concluded by point- ing to the highest aim of that institution, "the glory of Jehovah." The Moderator then gave out the following concluding verses of the 90th Psalm, which were sung by the con- gregation. O let thy work and power appear Thy servants face before; And shew unto their children dear Thy glory evermore: And let the beauty of the Lord Our God be us upon: Our handy-works establish thou, Establish them each one. The Rev. Dr. Lang then put the following questions to the candidate, all of which were answered in the affirmative. 1\. Do you believe the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments to be the Word of God, and the only rule of faith and manners? 2\. Do you acknowledge the Westminster Confession of Faith, with the Larger and Shorter Catechisms, as the confession of your faith, expressive of the sense in which you understand the Scriptures, and do you resolve, through Divine Grace, firmly and constantly to adhere to the doctrine contained in the said confession and catechisms, and to assert and defend it to the utmost of your power, against all contrary errors—it being always understood that you are not required to approve of any- thing in these books, which teaches, or may be supposed to teach, compulsory or persecuting principles in re- ligion ? 3\. Are you persuaded that the Lord Jesus Christ, the only King and Head of his Church, has appointed therein government and discipline distinct from, and not sub- ordinate to, civil government; and is the Presbyterian form of government, without any superiority of office above that of a teaching presbyter, and in a due subordi- nation of church judicatories, a form of Church govern- ment which you acknowledge as founded upon and agree- able to the Word of God ? And do you promise to submit to the said government and discipline, and that you will not attempt the prejudice or subversion of it ; but to the utmost of your power, in your station, maintain, sup- port, and defend the said government and discipline, together with the purity of worship received and prac- tised in this Church ? 4\. Do you promise that you will submit yourself willingly and humbly, in the spirit of meekness, to the admonitions of the brethren of this Synod, agreeably to the Word of God, and to be subject to them in the name of the Lord, wherever the Lord in his Providence shall cast your lot? 5\. Are zeal for the glory of God, love to Jesus Christ, and the desire of saving souls, and not worldly designs or interests, as far as you know your own heart, your great motives and chief inducements to enter into the functions of the holy ministry? 6\. Do you engage, in the strength and grace of Jesus Christ, our Lord and Master, to rule well your own house, to live a godly and circumspect life, and faith- fully, diligently, nnd cheerfully to discharge all the parts of the ministerial work to the edifying of the body of Christ ? 7\. Do you promise, through grace, to perform all the duties of a faithful minister among your people, in preaching the Gospel among them, not with the enticing words of man's wisdom, but in its purity and simplicity, not shunning to declare all the counsel of God; as also in catechising, exhorting from house to house, visiting the sick, and performing whatever other duties are in- cumbent on you from the Word of God, as a faithful minister of Jesus Christ, for convincing and converting sinners, and for edifying the Church of the living God ? 8\. And all these things do you profess and promise, through grace, as you shall be answerable at the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ with all his saints, and as you would be found in that happy company at his second coming ? The Moderator, the Rev. James Collins, then offered up an appropriate and impressive prayer; during which, the candidate, kneeling at the table, was solemnly or- dained and set apart by the imposition of hands to the office of the holy ministry; the ministers joining in the service being the Moderator; the Rev. Dr. Lang, and Messrs. Chaucer, Ridley, and Goethè. The right hand of fellowship was then given by the Moderator and the other brethren present to the Rev. Mr. Bell, who took his place accordingly as a member of the Synod. The Rev. Hugh Darling, of the United Presbyterian Church, then delivered an eloquent and impressive charge from the pulpit to the newly ordained minister; of which the following is merely an abstract:— MY CHRISTIAN BROTHER—It now devolves on me to address to you a few words of exhortation—defective as what I am about to say may be—in humility of mind and in the spirit of love is it addressed—receive it, I pray you, in like- mindedness. The words upon which I would found a few words of counsel, are those addressed by St. Paul to the Ephesian Elders—"Take heed, there- fore, to yourselves and to all the flock over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the Church of God which he hath purchased with his own blood." Take heed unto yourself. This is an admonition of which a minister ever stands in need. He has a soul to be saved as well as other men, and if he would be saved, he must rest all his hopes on the finished work of Immanuel. The office he holds does not constitute him an heir of the grace of life. The work in which he is engaged does not secure him a title to eternal glory. Temptations he has with which other men are not tried, and with which they cannot sympa- thise. Around the pulpit, that holy and con- secrated place, from which he speaks of mercy and eternal life lie thick the gins and snares of the wicked one—and it is possible to fall from the pinnacle of the temple as well as from any other place. And oh! if the depth be inconceivable from the pew to the pit of despair, what must it be from the pulpit! Take heed, therefore, to yourself. But you have also the care of all the flock—and it needs your utmost diligence. Imagine not that all who are called Christians are actuated by Christian principle —many even among such are without God, without hope in the world. What need then to take heed to all the flock. To neglect the flock, strong will be your tempta- tions—from the prominence of your position you will be a mark at which the thoughtless will point their envenomed arrows—as if you were a stone and not a man with human sensibilities. Some will know not how deeply to wound your feelings. If you do err one hair's breadth from their imagined line of rectitude, they will be in haste to make it known wide as possible. In addi- tion to their contempt of your most anxious solicitude, you may have to bear their envy, malice, and revenge. To labour for the benefit of those who would rejoice in the desolation of your hopes and the ruination of your character is not in the human heart. No; but by the grace of God. Nevertheless take heed to the flock— to all the flock—the rich and the poor—those that may approve and those that may condemn. Yea, those who count you their enemy because you tell them the truth, have the greatest need of your prayers and your care. Take heed, therefore, to all the flock. Why?—Because, over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseer. No sign from heaven attests it, no voice from heaven proclaims it, yet are we war- ranted in saying that you are consecrated by the im- position of mightier hands than those of men, even by Him "who is head over all things to the Church, which is his body, the fulness of him that filleth all in all." And in admitting you to this office has he not conferred on you an honour, an honour exceeding great; an honour after which angels may count it noble to aspire and felicitous to gain? You are now an ambassador for Christ, and who is He ? The King of kings, and Lord of lords, the mighty God. The great ones of the earth may look down with contempt upon the ambassadors for Christ—the rich in this world's goods may think that on them they confer an honour when they admit them into their company ; but if with Peter they must say— "Silver and gold have I none"—yet to all who will accept, they offer "A crown of glory that fadeth not away." Yea, they bear a commission the results of which will endure throughout the roll of a ceaseless eter- nity. They belong to the aristocracy of the skies; and when men shall be estimated according to their real worth, and their titles shall be read in the light of eternity, their names will be found emblazoned in the heraldry of heaven. We are ambassadors for Christ—and, in as far as our office is concerned, we represent the majesty of heaven and earth. How then ought we on earth to live? What manner of persons ought we to be in all holy conversation and godliness. For what is the purpose for which we are made overseers by the Holy Ghost? "To feed the Church which he hath purchased with his own blood—the Church Christ hath loved and given himself for, that he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word; that he might present it to himself a glorious Church, not having spot or wrinkle, or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish;" —the Church which at last will stand before his throne, the blooming bride of Christ, the celestial bridegroom. To what nobler work can the mind of man be devoted? It is a work which hits a claim upon all your energies, but it carries along with it a holy satisfaction, and draws after it an ample recompense. From his throne in Glory, Christ now says to you—"Be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a Crown of Life." And now, my beloved brother, be instant in season and out of season, reprove, rebuke, exhort. Be a workman that needeth not to lie ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth; be steadfast, immovable, always abound- ing in the work of the Lord—so that when God has finished his purposes with you in time, and says "Give an account of thy stewardship," you may give in your account with joy and not with grief. Now, we commend you to God, and to the word of his grace, which is able to build you up and give you an inheri- tance among all them that are sanctified. Amen. The Rev. William Chaucer then engaged in prayer; after which the Doxology—"Praise God from Whom all blessings flow," &c.;,—was sung, and the Benediction, pronounced by the Moderator, terminated the proceed- ings. 