BALLARAT. (From the Corretriondent of the Occlong Advertiser.) 6th January, 18o6. Business matters, as is usual at this season, have been very quiet, and the land sales have been the principal attraction for our monied men during the week ; several of your townsmen have also beon up here investing in our inland metropolis. The amount of the four days' sale, is £4,156, which augurs well for our future pro gress, as all the lots sold are within the township boun dary, and many have been eagerly purchased by old miners and mechanics who intend settling down and lmilclintr comfortable cottaccs. whence, if necessarv. they can mdjntc as from a centre to all the new rushes. It is gratifying to observe the progress of this spirit of settlement, and tho consequences will not bo unfelt by your community, as it will tend to steady trade. The accounts from our agricultural districts of Bur rumbeet and IJqwJing Forest, are most enoouragiug. The frequent and abundant rains havo induped a most luxuriant vegetation, arid experienced farmors from tho mother country declare they never saw such crops there as are npw to be seen in those neighborhoods, more especially where the grquijd ^as under cultivation last year. The Barrabools and Colac had hotter Joqk to tlicir laurels. . ? Burrunilioot L.ake is now frequently visited by our l»rtli/I.-nr nvnnvdinnlGtc i \i \a n limit1 ton Tflilnc ft'OTYl fllifl and from the beautiful and varied soenory avound, ni;d the intrinsic charms which a lake will always possess in this country, is well worthy of a visit. A township has been fanned on its bunks, of which an hotpl is now the nucleus, The municipality meeting for tho purposo of electing a preliminary ohairniau to initiate the election of mem bers, took place last evening in the Golden Fleece. There was a large attendance, comprising the most in fluential portion of our trading and legal community. Mr J. G. M. Wigley was voted' in tho ohnir. The fol lowing gentlemen were then proposed : — Mossrs. Lynn, Douglas, Oddic, Fronoh, Rainy, Soekamp, Muir, Wig ley, Dunne, Walsh, and several others, who with the exception of Messrs. Wigley and Douglas all declined the honor. This arose from the knowledge that the government Chairman as returning officer cannot be UieClCll it JUUIUUUl UL till; ^UUUUll. \Jll IjILU tUW UUIII^ taken, Messrs. A. J. Douglas, of Messrs. Rankcn and Douglas, gold brokers, was elected by an immense ma jority over Mr AVigley. The meeting was at one time very animated, and argued well for the interest that will be taken in municipal matters. At the close«of the meeting, means were taken, and a committee formed to commence the establishment of a Fire Brigade. The vagaries and inconsistent decision of our Stipen diary Magistrate, Captain Vignolles, havo at last pro voked the local press to speak out, and demand his dis missal. It appears that a man named Francis was charged with stealing a horse, but which having died in the interval, was considered by the magistrate to be equivalent to a tabula rasa, for he, dismissed the case, stating that Francis might as well have been charged with ' murdering a ghost.' Messrs Brooke and Coppin, ably assisted by Mr and XCo T-Tnii* Win lntfm* linffnr lfflfiu'n nQ Af iaa V*in,iv HuMi. cart), have been delighting our Ballarat audiences during tho week. Mr Brooke's genius is most versatile, and he excites as much amusement as O'Callaghan, in 'His Last Legs' as admiration in the grander and more elaborate characters of Richelieu or Othello. He takes his farewell to-night at the Montezuma Theatre, when his admirers intend presenting him with a nugget of Ballarat gold. Mining matters have not as yet resumed their usual activity. Hiscock's Diggings promise to be a gold-field for the summer. Shepherding promises to be a knotty question for tho local courts. 