VARIETIES. Pelissier and the Sorcerer It appears that while on service in Africa, being then only colonel of a regiment of the line, Pelissier, now Marshal of France, Commander-in-Chief and' Grand Cordon, was one day waited upon by the doctor of the regiment to consult with him what had best be done to stop the moral epidemic which was then raging amongst the men, and which was leading them by scores to the hospital, and thence to the grave, without any perceptible diseases have found out the cause," said the doctor, " from a young con- script who died this morning ; you must find the remedy. It seems that these foolish boys have been suffering their imaginations to be tampered with by a fellow from Britanny, who pretends to sorcery, and who for a few hours will show them their home, and call up before them the forms of the dead or absent amongst those they love best on earth. The feelings of our soldiers cannot stand this nostalgia and maroon are killing them you must put a stop to this, colonel, or you will lose them all." Pelissier, in alarm at the idea of the effect, but without the least dread of the cause, immediately sent for the culprit, a sober, grave, and serious young man, from the land of Bri- Fanny, named Conquest, who had formerly been a shepherd of the land, and had marched as complainant to his brother, who had fallen to the conscription, and had been unwilling to leave his aged mother, of whom he was the favourite son. The colonel was resolved to be stern with the culprit. "What is this I hear?" said he. "What are these lies thou art propagating in the regiment ?" " Of what am I accused, mon colonel ?" said Consequent respectfully have I failed in my duty with the regiment-have I once omitted to fulfil my service or disobeyed an order?" " 'Tis not of that thou art accused," replied Pelissier, somewhat embarrassed, " but of a graver crime in short, 'tis said thou art a sorcerer?" "Iam'l" replied Consequent, calmly. " Pshaw ; seek not to impose upon one -'is said thou hast made foolish lads believe in ghosts and spirits." " They have ! ' seen them 1 ' answered Consequent, still unmoved. " I have but one motive that displaying the power I inherited from my fathers, that of buying a complacent, and returning to my beloved Landes. The money I obtain from my comrades is hoarded for this purpose " The colonel scratched his head in perplexity. % " Well, then, if that is the case, here is a bargain; show me the spirit I wish to have called up, and thou shalt have this piece of gold ; but if thou shouldst fail in the attempt, by all the powers of darkness, so surely will I blow my brains out." The colonel suited the action to the word by drawing the pistol from his belt with one hand, while he pulled forth with the other the piece of gold. Consequent gazed west- fully at the latter, and said, with great cheerfulness, " The bargain is struck, mon colonel, to-night, at the entrance of the little wood at the bottom of your garden, at midnight, fear not, I will be there." "Once more," said Pelissier, owning now, without shame, that he was beginning to feel rather excited, " remember it is time to retreat. I have no wish to see spirits, therefore confess that the boys have been deluded, the influence will be withdrawn, and you shall have the gold piece all the same." " Never," exclaimed the sorcerer, for the first time roused into emotion, " you have defied me, most colonel, and must take the consequences." Midnight arrived, the colonel was true to his rendezvous, and found the sorcerer awaiting him. Once more did he give the latter the opportunity of withdraw- ing from the bargain, and once more was he refused. The soldier stripped off his jacket and stood in his shirt sleeves, he placed his sword and belt, his shake and jacket, together with his boots, against a tree, and drew a circle with a forked stick, and placed himself in. the. midst. Presently he was like one inspired, and the light of the lantern, which the colonel had brought, fell upon his distorted countenance) which seemed more like that of a demon than of a human being. Suddenly, in the very midst of this violent emotions he turned to Pelissier : " Colonel, one thing I forgot to mention, have you no sacred object about you?" "None in the world,", replied Pelissier, " dost thou take me for a Jesuit ?" "But your watch sometimes a mother or sister manages to slide a token or medal amongst the seals and hreloyues-some ring or other trifle which they' have got blessed by the cure. It is most dangerous-for mercy's sake, think 1" The man was evidently serious - and Pelissier, to humour him, took off his watch, and put it down at a distance. The incantation then began-all was silence for a few moments, excepting for the heavy breathing of the road. Not a single word was uttered not a single movement made, but suddenly a loud terrific shriek, a sound not of this earth for its power and the agony it conveyed, burst upon the stricken ear of the colonel. "Ah, colonel, vous mave train!" these were the words he heard, and then all was silent once more. After waiting a few. moments he called aloud ; no answer was returned he waited in vain, the man had dis it-,, appeared "His', shake and clothes had s remained against the tree-and ' Pelissier returned to" the caserne that same night, to give orders for a strict search being made. NjV trace of the man has ever been discovered. On undressing at dawn, Pelissier remembered the sepulchre he had worn for years ; the gift of his mother on his first joining the army, and which he had forgotten. " This has con- demned," says the Holy Father, " the sorcerer to his fate, and has been the means of bringing Marshal Pelissier into the road of piety and salvation. Paris correspondent of the Atlas. i No Gas for Homes need scarcely say that there is no gas in Home. And sure I am, if there be a dark spot in all the universe, place above 'all others needing light of all kinds, moral, mental, and physical, Hit is this dark dungeon termed Rome. It has a few oil lamps, swung on cords, at most respectable dis jtancoM from one another and you see their hazy, sickly, dying gleam far above you, making themselves visible, but nothing besides and after sunset Rome is plunged in darkness, affording ample opportunity for assassinations, robberies, and evil deeds of all kinds. I know not how many Companies have been formed to light Rome with gas. An attempt was made to light in this way the Eternal City during the pontificate of Gregory XVI. A deputation went to the Vatican, and told the Pope that they would light his capital with gas. "Gas !" exclaimed Gregory, who had an eel-like dread of light of all kinds ; " there shan't be gas in Rome while I am in Rome." Gregory is not in Rome now ; Pio None is in the Vatican ; but the oil lamps which lighted the Rouse of Gregory XVI. still flourish in the Rome of Pro Bono.- Wjilie'e Pilgrimage from theAlpsto the Tiber. Geological 'Discoveries. - In cutting the timber pond at the north-west angle of the new dock at West Hartlepool, which is entirely in this " drifted a portion of the task of an elephant was discovered some days ago. The fragment, which is about 18 inches long, is of that end which has been embedded in the jaw, and exhibits all the ordinary characteristics of such a specimen. This is the first instance within our knowledge of the remains of elephants being found in the county of Durham, but curious as it is, it should not, as a matter of scientific investigation, excite in us any feelings of surprise, inasmuch as this same '. drift " has, in various localities on the Yorkshire coast, produced portions of the tusks and grinders of elephants Durham County Advertiser. The Episcopal John Gilpin An Archbishop is run away with. He has suffered himself to be put in motion, and cannot stop or be stopped. It is not a Mazeppa case, for the commencement of his course was spontaneous. John Gilpin's misadventure is the nearer parallel. He cries out lustily to stop, and everybody else except the wight who set him going one Ditcher, would fain stop him, but the very persons who are most anxious to stop him are obliged by law to make him hold his course. He may be likened to a top whipped by law, spinning and gyrating away, and murmuring as it spins and grates. How it will end, or whether it will ever end, Heaven only knows. All that is certain is that the Archbishop will have to pay some thousands in law for having commenced proceedings which cannot be stopped. The Rev. Joseph Ditcher, vicar of South Brent, found something amiss in the sermons of Archdeacon Denison, He smelt a smell of heresy, and raised an alarm accordingly. His first application was to the Bishop of Bath and Wells, a very proper bishop to extinguish hetero- doxy ; but that prelate flatly refused to send the case by letters of request to the Archbishop of Canterbury, and to make sure not to yield to Ditcher's importunity, he took the very decisive step of dying. The same application was made known to the new bishop with no better success, and the pertinacious Ditcher then went straight to the Archbishop of Can tell but v. The Archbishop allowed himself to be moved. He issued a commission under a recent Act, composed of five persons, to inquire and report whether there was aught against the articles of religion in Archdeacon Denison's sermons. The commission reported that there was a case for further proceedings. They found a true bill, as it were. The Archbishop had asked, is there anything wrong in the doctrines of A archdeacon Denison? The commission answered, it seems to us, that there is something wrong in the opinions of Archdeacon Denison, and that there is ground for further investigation. But at this point the Primate's zeal bad carrie I him as far as it would go-that is to say, as far as it would go without costing money. He had no objection to Finding something amiss in the Church, but he had the mind to correct it at the cost of a long and expensive litigation. He was for letting the heterodoxy be content with having found it out. he acted strictly on Dogberry's rule. He suspected Archdeacon Denison by virtue of his office to be no true man, and having gone far to prove him so, he determined that the less you meddle or make with such a person, the better for all parties. But it was too late. Ditcher had set the Archbishop going. Having lost his head, like the French saint, he had taken the first step which costs so much, and Ditches now had him upon the incline plane of the Act of Parliament. While the Primate had a discretion he was indiscreet, when discreet he had no discretion. The relentless Ditcher moves the Queen's Bench for a mandamus, commanding the Primate to summon Archdeacon Denison to appear before the tribunal appointed to investigate the charges preferred by pitcher. The Archbishop wrings his hands, and protests that the decision of such a tribunal would have no weight with the Church. But he should have thought of that before he consented to the preliminary proceedings. And, further, it may be asked, what right the Archbishop can have to assume or to presume that a tribunal established by the Legislature is worthless ? How would he like the Legislature in turn to conclude that Archbishops are good for nothing? It was a piteous thing to see the question in the hands of the Court of Queen's Bench in banco. Every one wanted to stop the run- away Bishop excepting the implacable mover, but those who tried, tried in vain, and those who wished wished against their judgment. Que diable admit it faire dans cette galore was the question in many a learned breast. Sir F. Thesiger disputed the right of any person to set the Bishop in motion. He put the frightful case, ' what if a dissenter should set a Bishop in motion ? ' Once admit the principle that a Bishop may be set in motion to remove scandals in the Church, and where is it to end ? Why, in nothing short of reformation The Chief Justice stated the question with his usual pertinacity. The conclusion was, that the rule for the mandamus was made absolute, that is to say, the Bishop is to go on maigre tail, like the mock doctor, a mock reformer. The calculation of The Times is, that the proceedings will cost some £10,000, and satisfy nobody. The Imbecile Nauiab.-Bayard Taylor, in his visit to China, India, and Japan, (1863), describes the way in which the imbecile Nawab is amused with the idea that sons are born to him in continued succession. " About once a week, (so I was informed) the chief eunuch rushes into his presence, exclaiming in great apparent joy, * O Lord of the World, a son Is pom unto you?-' Praise be to God I exclaims the happy King; which of my wives has been so highly honoured ?' The eunuch names one of them, and the King rises in great haste to visit her and behold his new offspring.'. But suddenly cries and shrieks rescued from the women's apartments. A band of females burst into the room, shrieking and lamenting. ' O great Eng at a terrible demon and denly appeared amongst us. He snatched your beautiful sun out of the nurse's arms, and flew through the window with a frightful noise. And to this trick is repeated from week to week, and the, poor fool continually laments over his lost children." The Penn'orth of Riverstone morning during the snow, says a correspondent of the Liverpool Albion, I happened to call at a spirit vault in the town for a wee drop to keep the cold out On looking through the window I observed a woman coming up the street I very poorly dressed, shivering with cold, and, withal, very wretched to look upon. When she came opposite the house I was in, she turned in, and the following conversation ensued. She placed on the counter a small piece of liver in a saucer, and' spoke as follows :-' Look here,' said she to the landlord, ' this pennyworth of liver must make a dinner for me and my two poor boys. It is a shame that butchers' meat should be such a price. Eightpence a pound is more than poor folks like me can afford. My Jim, said she, only came 14s. a week, besides what be can cadge. He's a car driver ; you know him ?' said she. . Well said the landlord, it is a very hard' time just now.' . Aye said she, you have some feeling for poor people. Draw (ne three pennyworth öfwh&ky;/ ; '' fe Strange Story of an English Officer The Pilote- de la Manda contains the following strange story : " The Commissary of Police of Granville lately opened, in order to ascertain its contents a small-portative writing case left Some years back in the care of the proprietor of the Hotel des Trois Couronnes by an English officer, named Bell. In the case were found securities of the value of l,330,O00fr., and a quantity of private letters. When Mr. Bell left Granville to join his regiment at Bombay, he owed in the town about 2000ft., and the proprietor of the hotel having paid the money, the writing case was left with him as a security. It is said that Mr. Bell last year obtained leave to offer India and proceeded to the Crimea, where hiatus killed ; but nothing is exactly known bore on fire point. The commissary of police immediately informed the superior authorities of the contents of the case, and without doubt something will soon be ascertained relative to the absent officer." Beaumarchais. A courtier who boasted that he Ri would " put down this favourite of the princesses, be stopped him one day in the midst of a large group of sh persons, when he was just coming out of the royal di apartments, in court dress and presented a superb bo watch to him. " Sir," said the courtier, " since you know all about watchmaking, would you be kind st' enough just to look at my watch : it is out of order" of "Sir," quietly replied Beaumarchais, since I have V given up attending to watches, I have become very of awkward." Pray, sir, do not refuse to oblige me " " As you will but I warn you that I am very Jc awkward." ' On this he took the watch, held it up, for under pretext of examining it, and let it drop on the floor: then, making a low bow to the other "Sir," the said he, " I warned you of my extreme awkward- the nest," and passed on, leaving the other to pick up the fragments of his broken watch. - Louis the Lomax's Beaumarchais and his 'Times. Wm Dissatisfied Travellers in Egypt. - One Englishmen she was a bo mist, and grumbled that be found nothing new in Egypt the plant-world was his world, and out of it to him all was barren. An American gentleman condemned the whole thing, Egypt, the Nile, the ruins. " In America," said he, " there are finer rivers Egypt is a waste -and the ruins are poor things the" Nile is inferior to the Mississippi, and the ruins of Thebes are not to be compared to those of Yucatan." Another Englishman entered one day-his first and only visit - the great Temple of Karnak, walked hastily down the centre aisle, between the stupendous columns, in silence, and when some noble sculpture on a side wall was pointed out to him by his side, his only observation was, " Yes, a fine hot so," and so he went out of the grandest, and, considering their age and their business, the most remarkable pile of ruins in t e moria. The Wanderer in Arabia. By O. T. Jjowth. The Men of Peter. Years ago, pirates, felons, ship-wrecked mariners, scamps, villains, bankrupts, and a very few honest men sought a refuge and found an asylum at Constantinople. The Perotte is the descendant of these people. In him the great vices of his forefathers have dwindled down to the diminu- tive proportions of crafty meanness and duplicity. Lowly the Turk, over bearing to whomsoever he can lord it over, he may be said to personify a very low standard of puny rascality. No principle guides his actions ; indeed, he seems to know of none. His ignorance is huge. Pera is his home; Pera is his country. He is the offspring of that muddy labyrinth. Most Perties have been successful in the search of lucre, and many of them have become opulent, and it is from their ranks that the dragon of the embassies have been recruited. The ci vilest man under the sun is the Pcrotte, and he is a great coward. A gentleman from the West is certain to receive every attention, and will meet with exaggerated civility at the hands of these subtle sons of Constantinople. Let him, however, bawa e and should he have any money transactions with any of them, let him look to his pockets. There are those amongst them who, having risen to wealth, and enrolled themselves in the ranks of some embassy, also put forward pretensions to distinction, title, and family. They are descended from some ancient Italian house, or their greatgrandfather sat in Senate at Genoa. I even met with one who boasted of being the grandson of a cardinal 1 Like the waters of a fashionable hotel, the cream of the Perotto s are all aristocratic in their notions ; attempt to be fashionable in their (loss and have a would-be-easy flourish in their manner, ' which reminds you of the hair-dresser s shop. The Levantines (European natives of the East seem to have united many bad habits of the natives to our least amiable cures. This is not a happy combination. To a European they are ridiculous : the Tmk despises them. These are almost the only Europeans with whom he comes in contact; no wonder he feels a contempt for the Giaour. They are great adepts at bribery and intrigue, a ta Grecque, and know how to wind their way through a slimy business negotiation with consummate ability. Great polyglots, they all chatter six or seven languages - Turkish, Greek, Italian, French, English, Arabic, &c.; Clover fellows, they wind themselves around the bewildered European, and bamboozle Turk and Christian to their own personal advantage. Society of P, in since the Western Invasion. Genoa and the War. The Times correspondent at Genoa, after recording the anticipations some time since of the Genoese merchants that the war would cause a serious injury to their commerce, states that these anticipations have not been realised. " The deficiency in one branch of trade seems to have been made up by an increase in others, and the shipping returns show no diminution from the average number of vessels in former years to and from foreign ports; in fact, the shipping interest is materially benefited by the war, as the demand for transport has more than compensated for the loss of the Black Sea trade, and the transatlantic trade has naturally been more developed from the same cause. The harbour of Genoa is now nearly as full as ever of deep sea-going ships. Within the last week seven vessels arrived from different parts of North or South America laden with cotton and colonial produce. The arrivals of grain during the past year have been, t however, comparatively small, the diminution of 1855 from 1854 having been 5Ü.41 hectolitres; but the 1 amount in depot at this moment is equal to the store on the 1st of January, 1855, notwithstanding. Here, if however, where trade is tice, the question of food it excites no anxiety, as it is felt that as soon as the stores begin to decline supplies will be brought in to meet the demand; and, indeed, already Egypt is beginning to send us corn from her games." Tract Distribution The system of tracts and tract distribution has grown up in our time to a great arti- real magnitude and in most parts of London the "Tract Lady" is well known. This tract-lending is apt to become a very perfunctionary and barren affair, even if the tracts are good. But we must remember that tract literature has peculiar temptations to become unwholesome. It is almost a merit in a publication of that class to be smart, violent and exaggerated and though it is possible that a startling address may in some instances be useful, it can hardly be supposed that a regular course of such reading can be good, even for the hardened sinner. ' Narrative' tracts, too, are the most in favour ; so that the quantity of small and poor religious fiction which issues from the press in this guise is almost inconceivable. It seems to me therefore, very important to subordinate to the general office this particular act of landing of religious pamphlets. Usually it would be possible, instead, to urge the poor to subscribe to some cheap library, and to read books instead of tracts, just as it is better for them to frequent a cheap reading-room, where they may see the higher class of newspapers, than to take in, at a greater expense, one party journal. Sometimes books might be lent, and there need be no rule against giving tracts. But I think all visitors of any experience will sympathise with the want of faith I have expressed in the virtues of wholesale tract distributing. -Practical Lectures to JOadiet. 