\-- WCKINGSFROALBUNCH. ?tATEST IXTKLLIGEKCH. 'up td the neond of bttrgoihg to press, the American Miniate bad not'paake-l.np his carpet-bag firlth th» intenaonvrietxinfBflglanl. If he £ aTsansiblfl7** the American papers air-he- Is, he will only irrit and ad tiMauijMMweM to return at once to America, \- wheret thank the Stars, he will Ije at. liberty to dreu aa hepteMcs.; ??.?.??;;.? ;- -::'~-& :-/!??/ c-l J TTTB QE11SS OF TnTJTH. { ... There never was a Frenchwoman jsL *ho had thoroughly persuaded heneir fhat she was Igw. The man who ii without wv l-fea h«* Jentrally th» greatest idea of himselfi - ?? t .-' -.L ..; sr ;. f ' Life- is a journey, and ills generally our owk fault if we do not make a pleasure excursion T-fit. j ? ? \- Tae soul is a prisoner that always kills its gabler when it makes its escape.' ?«' - . J A pair of stays is the straitwaiseoat that fashion puts on, in every case of madness, whenever a younf lady i» going ihtoa Violent fit ' - * ? J SEI*F-COSTEMPI'ATIOX. . Many persons, when thejr, look at .carricatn res, littlt Sttspeci that they arc before a looking-glass. T FLlBTATiOK. A poetical young midshipman, being called upon to de scribe flirtation, compared it to 'hugging tha shore of the United States.' FBETnMJTTlE PLATTEUDti He who can compose his own mind is i :videnUy superior to the composer of such an opera as La : Vramata. —The Alderman who conquers his appetite is immea surably above a conqueror like General Walker. Britannia, who rules the wares, is not to bo admired half so much as the woman who rules her temper 1 ' OUR NABBOW iflOttOPGHFABES.* ™? floinmissioncrs of Begenf-street had ajmectinjr last 'week, to take into consideration, whether It would be possible to enlarge the street, in order to ^CC^i,oaate the grpT.'~ iir.C7.it«M oi tno ladies' dresses. :, It has been calculated that at present tho thoroughfare i» not wide enough to admit of more than three ladies and an nlant walking abreast. i A CARD TOR AMEBICAX COUBTIBBp. Messrs. Noses and Son have much pleasure id inform ing ?ent8, and othtrs connected with the American legation that an outfit for attendauce at tho Court of Queen Victoria may now be had for 25 shilllnt|s. The suit consists of a good stout shootinjt-coat, withj pockets for tho hands to avoid the expense of gloves, a, piir of coarss 'pants,' and highlows war:anted to 'trample upon all the forms of deccucy. Wrip-rascals ftr birth day drawing-rooms made to measure on tlifl lowest terms, and everything calculated to insult tha British Court to be had as low as any houso in Houns ditfch, A EAILWAT TO BOMB. Patres Conscript! ; jo who took a boat And nicely steering through Messina's Strai x, Went to PhiliDpl ; whither Brutus was Cited by Jnlius Ctesart angry ghost. O venerable crew, especially Thou ever memorable trumpe'er, Thou hero who didst wear the scarlet coat t Ye, against whom, of course on your return, The storm arose, and overset your bark, i ? Who were all drowned, because ye conld no$ swim Away; all drowned, raccpt John Periwig; i Who, tied unto the cutle if xtremity ' Of a dead swine, escaped ; immortal Shades. Who now are jolly in the Elysiau fields, j Prepare to hear what will your wonder mov,e Beyond whate'er ye may have heard, or seeu, On that side ev'n of Styx. What do you think P A railway is iu progress between Komc, | Between tho Eternal City, and a place } Which modern jargon doth Frascati call, j Where to locate— as certain people say i Of whom you never dreamt— the terminus [ Is not yet fixed : the choice doth lie betwetn The Baths of Titos on the Esquiline ? ' ' Hill, and the Coliieum at its foot. ; This is a terminus. I rather think. max never uu uib Bievp xiuyci*u» iuv» ; In your old time was worshipped as a god. . Patres Conscripti, only fancy, now, Tho puffing engine, and its warning scream. Heard in tho Coliseum; and tho cry I Of ' Tickets please I' reiterated near : _ Where once your populace ' Hoe haLtt /' cried. Can't you contrive to take a boat again, ? And cross therciu the ferry of the Styx, To see the stoker, and the engineer, The road of iron, and the iron horse, In strange conjunction with the Esquiline P sweet sentiment! Beware how you address yourself in anger to anyone. An angry word U like a letter put into the post— once rfrnnt. it is imnos-'sible to ICcall it 1 PARADISE, OR rURGATOUT? Being particularly desirous to know what kind of a musical dish the Philharmonic Society had set before the Queen and the subscribers at the concluding concert, Mr l'unch, on the following morning, sent for the two jour nals in which tho two ablest musical critics of the day keep watch and ward. The great and important novelty of the night was a compooition, called ' Paradise and the Peri,' by Dr. Schumann, and Mr. Punch's mind was thus set at rest, and his curiosity satisfactorily met. The Daily New$ saya— Tho Time* sajB ' From tho impression ' We have only -o add on ourselves, as well as the that ' Paradise and the evident effect on a highly I'eri,' o» a musical com critical audience, we believe position, is destitute of \- PnrviiUo nml the I'prV to invention, and wanting in be a work of great genius inteiiigiDio lorm. in snort, and power, of which the anything so hopelessly beauties will develop them- dreary, so wholly made selves more and more 'as it up of sh eds and patches, is oftener heard and better so ill-defined, so generally understood.' uninteresting, we have rarely heard.' And the question being thus decided, ind tho foolish idea of the heterodox, who think that there is no Buch thing as an absolute fact in musical art, being thus over thrown, Mr. Punch is happy to place on imperishable record the opinions of his brother critics with whom, ho begs to odd, that ho cordially agrees, without having heard the composition they describe. EX-3mriSTERIAI. MOVEMENTS. Lord John Russell is about to travel abroad. He is going to treat himself to a long holiday, and he is auitc right— 'All work and no play makes Jack a cnl boy.' BAIA00X3 OF THE BALL. Ladies' dresses are generally airy at this time of the year, but those of tho present season are particularly so. In Paris— tho Head-quarters of Fashion— the Holy See of the modish world— air, atmospheric air, is actually a component part of femaleattire. A gentleman, evidently a lady's gentleman at any rate, the correspondent of an elegant mourning journal, descries himself as having r-Unr.JnA nf ttia lfifn Tnmerial bnritismal ball at the Hotel da Villc. The immense circumference or the skirtt thereat exhibited, astounded him ; and by his accomt it appears that the expansion of female drapery has become 60 excessive as to constitute the wearer a perfect nui sance to herself, and as great a nuisance as it is possible fur a creature of loveliness to be to all about her. It renders the exertion or getting into andout of a carriage a difficulty amounting to a perfect trial, and its incon venience is bitterly complained of by many of the suf ferers whom an imperious necessity compels to submit thereto. And jet a heartless punster might perhaps have the barbarity to describe this dreadful inconvenience as an airy nothing-, since, in some instances, at least, It ii created by the mero force of air. Tha gentleman above alluded to records a conversation with one of the complainants, whereof the following is an extract :— ' ' Is it permitted, Madame,' said I. ' to go a little below the surface, and ask of what material this vast expansion is composed ?' ' Oh jes ! she had a Tleasure in exposing it-*-crlno!ine sometimes— sometimes a number of— ono over this othef-~and sometimes ahtpon a tuln fair.' ' The air-tabes must be preferable for lightness, both to the crinoline and tbo number of dashes one over the other; and 'light as Ikity foot can fall' must be iho step of the girl who is Iraoyed np,by thk airy under clothing, i boy, by tha way, would pcroips express the opinion that she would bound, after the mancjr or ? football well blown np. But, though light, it is qa» tionable whether tho jupon a tubes fair has the recom mendation of coolnesi. Air is a bad canductor, and when confined, arrests the passage of heat. Much caloric is generated during a quadrille, and its escape wou'd be opaosedby the air-tubes. If additional lightness were desirable, the jujou mig^it be distended with hydrogen instead of atmospherit --ir . but the substitution might not be unattended with danger. Hydrogen is an inflammable ga«, and some mischievous iuveriilo mla-kt be temDted to nunetnre thn pnnea garment, wim me view oi creating merriment oy occasioning its collapse. Were any flame in the vicinity, unless the flame' were a peculiar flame, an explosion might be tl-e consequence, which, communicated from jupon to jupon, would causa All the ladies in the room to blow up, one after the other. This is not tho way in which youug ladies in a ball-room would wish to go off. In wearing their dress'is, therefore,. with an air, they should not give themselves such airs as hydrogen. One obvious advantage of the air-petticoat appears to have struck tha observer whom w« hart quoted; and who proceeds: — 'A little knowledge is a dangerous thing, end ai my informant was '— ty, I ventured to ask if th» fair one could blow herself up, and let off th* air at discretion for the Uin-ttn of thO3c around. This, it appears, was quite practicable; and it would greatly simplify the question of getting in and out of carriaircs : though to see a lady .blowing herself omt in any other manner than that which is usual at a pic-nie or at supper, might appear somewhat ridiculous. To promote the biin-ttre of those around in letting the air off, a few drops of essence of lavender or violet, or otto of roses, might be introduced into the air-tubas previously to filling them, and then the lady would fold herself up as a flower does at evening, exhaling fragrance as its petals close. * If the air employed in clothing beauty with a balloon were the protoxide of nitrogen, or laugbinz gas, the hilarity necessarily attendant on its liberation would perhaps be augmented. In concluding our observations on this delicate subject, we may remark that Mr.Carlyle might, with trreat propriety, apply the term Windbag to the wearer of tbe jupon o tuba (Fair; though some perhaps will b« of opinion, that a young lady so inflated would ba mote properly denominated a wind-baggage. THE WOBLEMAX ON THE TUBF. I'm a man on the Turf— aad er England a Peer, A stern moralist there, I a gambler am here ; With every low blackguard I'm ready to bet, If I think I am likely his money to get. In my zeal for religion, I firmly refuss To allow tbe political claims of the Jews, And I think if a Hebrew now sat in my place, To my order and House he would be a disgrace. I consider the Jews as contemptible brutes, . Devoted to lucres most sordid pursuits, - ? Ever bent on acquiring, without earning, pelf ; Yet that's just on the racecourse what 1 do myself In the City on 'Change I should scorn to be seen, ' For the stockjobber's craft I think dirty and mean, Bat the Turf I frequent without scruple or shame, To win other men's money by cunning my aim. But the Turf is the Turf; it Is swell, it is crack. There nothing— except a mere blackleg— is black; There is avarice genteel— by nobility's grace,; ' ' And high station low cunning exalts at a race. I suspect that the Turf was devised, with Intent, To afford aristocracy's bosom a rent , For the wealth-getting instinct— wherewith the heart throbs In the* bosoms of nobles as well as of snobs. ' We or coarse cannot practise what's called honest trade ; 'Twould debase ns, defile and pollute, and degrade : Bat a gentlemen takes an allowable coarse, - Trying money to make by a bet on a horse. : Tet 'tis strange on a racecourse ourselves wo should find Ever mixed up along with the scum of mankind : Thus our fellows appear— I confess it with grief— To be pickpocket, thimbkrig-^coandrcl and thief. HOMCEOPATHIC GLOBULES. (SECOOT BOSS.) The londer the quack tbe- longer will be the Bill. 'Macbeth's' observation, ** Throwpbyrio to the dogs,' is an insult to the intelligence of those animals. ? . Patent medicines derive their name Horn Patere— to lie openly. ' The Constitution that goes tooften too the Bottle ia rare to be broken at last. ' . ,. ' ; ? The man who doctors hinuelfhas a fool fin his patient. An oiSeioui friend may be compared to a 'Doctor who gives ' Advice gratis,' in order to make yon iwaUow the intolerable quantity of phytlo he generally prescribes ?with it. '? '?? ', ' '~~ ' ? ', A shilling is the ordinary gratuity for recruiting, but when you wish to havo jour health/ recraltejd, you must put a sovereign to it to make up the fall compliment of a physician's fee. .'; ' ' - .. . . Ths repairs of ons'a body are about is endless as the repairs of any other tenement. When dace you get tbe bricklayer, or the Docvnc in the house, you never can tell when you will get him oat again, ??- 