"the smiles of peace. (TheUlea of Greece.) The Smiles of Peace, the Smiles of Peace, By Foreign need from England wrung, Hare bid the cannon's war-shout cease. The thanks be said, the Anthem sung: But there is that (besides our Debt) Which English hearts should not forget. It was not, surely, to arouse The gossip's hour of Club dispute, We sat.down daily to peruse Those talcs from Camp, where man apd brut* Alike endured the sternest test That ever crushed our brave, our best. Disraeli looks on Palmerston, And Pulmerston on Mr. Dn And in debates that last till one They taunt each other skilfully; But there be questions fax too grave To edge a mere debater's glaive. Ten thousand men, of fearless brow, On lips they loved laid parting kiss— O, titled soldiers 1 answer how » A needless death has claimed them his. They went, one well-remembered day— Some few brief months, and where were they t What! silent still, and silent all ? -O no, the damning charge is read Even now, in Chelsea's trophied Hall, The judges sit, the scrolls are spread. And haughty blunderers blustering come— Unknown the shame that makes men dumb. In vain, in vain accuse those Lords, All Lords arc right; by right divine, No, gild anew their tarnished swords, And let bereft plebeians whine: Ton ask for proof of soldier skill— How vaunts each bungling Bobadil! You've Lord John Russell's lectures yet, Where's William Uusscll's teaching gone: Of two such lessons, why forget The bolder and the manlier one? Yon have the letters William gave Think you he meant them for a Shave t Trust not to men who lodge in banks The price of swords your System sells; Seek in the people's healthier ranks The fire that no disaster quells: But slang routine and jobbing fraud Will break your hack, however broad. Along Pall Hall a martial line 1 Our Life-Guards ride with helm and blade. I see each glittering cuirass thine, But, gazing on the gay parade, I own a wish to bite my nails, To think siich horses ate their tails, ller lofty place would England keep In Europe's none too loving eye, She'd make one grand and fiual sweep Of all her System's pedantry. But no—she bows to right divine. Dasli dumb that Punch's impious Shine 1 LATEST INTELLIGENCE. Up to the second of our going to press, the American Minister had not packed up his carpet-bag with the intention of leaving England. If he is as sensible as the American papers say he is, he will only grin, and ad vise his Yankee friend to return at once to America, where, thank the Stars, he will be at liberty to dress as he please*^ OTPS G3A2NS OP TRUTH. Thprc never was a Frenchwoman jet, who had thoroughly persuaded herself that ehe was ugly. The man who is without an idea has generally the greatest idea of himself. Life is a journey, and it is generally our own fault if we do not make a pleasure excursion of it. The soul 16 a prisoner that always kills its gaoler when it makes its escape. A pair of stays is the stTait-waiscoat that fashion puts on, in every case of madness, whenever a young lady is gojig into & violent fit. 6ELP-CONTEMPLATION. Many persons, when they look at carricatarca, little suspect that they arc before a looking-glass. JTIETATION.. A poefoal young n i Ishtpman, being called upon to de scribe flirtation, compared it to "hugging tl»e shore of ! the United States." j MtETTY LITTLE PLATITUDES. 1 ' | Ho who can compose his own mind is evidently , superior to the composer of such ail opera as La Traviata. —The Alderman who conquers his appetite » immea surably above a conqueror like General Walker, i Britannia, who rules the waves, is not to be admired half | so much as the woman who rules her temper 1 I OUR NARROW THOROUGHFARES. The Commissioners of Regcu'-strect had a meeting last week, to take into consideration, whether it would bs possible to enlarge the street, in ordertto accommodate the groniug dimensions of ihe ladies' dresses. It has been calculated that at present the thoroughfare is not wide enough lo admit of more than three ladies and an infant walking abreast. A CARD FOR AMERICAN -COURTIERS. Messrs. Noses and Sou have much pleasure in inform ing gents, and others connected with the American legation, that an outfit for attendance at the Court of Queen Victoria may now be had tor 26 shillings. The suit consists of a good stout shooting-coat, with pockets for the hauds to avoid the expense of gloves, a pair of coarse "pants," and ingblows warranted to trample upon all the forms of decency. Wrap-rascals for birth day drawing-rooms made to measure on the lowest terms, and everything calculated to insalt the British Court to be had as low as any house in Houusditeii, A RAILWAY T<*> EOiTE. Patros Conscr$>ti; ye who took a boat And nicely steering through Messina's Straits, Went to I'hilippi; whither Brutus wa3 Cited by Julius Caesar's augry ghost. O venerable crew, especially Thou ever memorable trumpeter, rJ"hou hero who didst wear the scarlet coat; Ye, against whom, of course on yonr return. The storui arose, and overset your bark, Who were all drowned, because ye eouid not swim Away; all drowsed, exceptGohn Periwig, Who, tied unto the curled extremity Of a dead swine, escaped- immortal Shades Who now are jolly in the Elysiau fields, Prepare to hear what mil your wonder move Beyond whate'er ye may have heard, or 6een, On that side evV.-of Styx. What do you think t A railway is in progress betweon Rome, Between the Eternal City, and a place ^ Which modern jargon doth'Froscati call. Where to locate—as certaiu people say Of whom you nerer drcamt-^the terminus Is notyet fixed: the choice doth lie between The Baths of Titus on the Esqoilins Hill, and the Coliseum at its foot. This is a terminus,! rather think, That never on the steep Tarpeian rock In your old June was worshipped as a god. Patrcs Conscripti, only fancy, now, The puffing engine^ and its warning scream Heani in the Coliseum; and the cry Of" Tickets plcaed" reiterated near Where once your.populace *' JHochahet /" cried. Can't you contrive to take a boat again, And cross thereto the ferry of the Styx, To see the stoker, ^and the engineer, The road of iron, and the iron horse, In strange .conjunction with tlie Eaipiilinc? 6WEB? sentiment:! Beware how you address yourself in anger to anyone. An angry word u like a letter put into the post—once dropt, it is impossible to iccall it 1 PARADISE, OR FUROATOSY ? Being particularly desirous to know -what kind of a musical dish the Philharmonic Society had set before the Queen aud the subscribers at t he concluding concert, Aft* Punch, on the following morning, sent lor the two jour nals in which the two ablest musical critics of the day keep watch and waid. The great and important novelty or thfi nt^f n-oo» «nA ef the night was a eomporitiuvcalled" Paradise and the .Peri," by Dr. Schumann,and JLfr. JPuneA'soind was thus •set at rest, and his curiosity satisfactorily met. The Daily ifem says— .The T£m*«ays— "From the impression t( IVe have<£nly to add on .ourselves, as well as the .that 4 Paraffiec and the evident effect on a highly tPeri,* as a musical com critical audience, we beticarc .position, is .liastitute of 'Paradise and the Peri* to Uirrention, and and wanting in be a work of great gemus ^intelligible fonu. In short, and power, of which the anything so hopelessly beauties will develop them- dreary, so .wholly made selves more and more as it >un*«f streds patches, is oftecer heard and better »so:iii-defined,-eo generally .understood." ^uninteresting, ^ce have rarely, heard.1" And the question being t&us; decided, and fcfat foolish idea of the heterodox, who think that there is- co such thing,as an absolute fact to musical art, being thus over thrown,Afr.PuneA is happy!o place on imperishable record- tlie opinions of his brother critics with whom, he begs to^a&d;, that he cordially agrees, without having heard the. composition they describe. BALLOONS OF THE iBAkL, Ladies', dresses are generally airy at this rime.of the jear.but those of the present season are particularly so. Is Paris—the Head-quarters of Fashion—<£he Hoiy.-£ee ofd&eiinodish; world—air, atmoephericak,.is actually a component portof Jemfiieattire. Agentleman, evidently a lady's .gentleman at any rate, the correspondent of an degaat mooniiug journal, describes himself as having attended at the late Imperial baptismal balleithe Hotel de ITiifc. The oiamense eircumfeceneG -of the skirte thereat exhibited, astounded him; a&d; by his account it appears ihat-the expansion of female dcapeiy ;bas become so excessive as tocoustitute the wearer a .perfect nui sance io herself, and as great a nuisan^ us -itiispossible for a creature of Iqvekness to be to alS about her. It renders the exertion of getting into undent of ncaniage a difficulty-amounting tea perfect trial, sod Its incon venience is bitterly .complained of by many of the suf ferers whom aa imperious necessity compels to autxuit tlicreto. And yet a heartless punster might perhaps have the barbarity to describe this dreadful incoureao&se; as an airy nothiag, einc^, in some instances, at least, it is created by the mere force of air. The gentleman auose alluded to records a conversation with one of the complainants, whereof the following is an extract:— "•Is it permitted, Madame," said I, * to go a little below the surface, and ask of what material tins vast expansion is composed ?' *Oh ye*i she had a pleasure in exposing it—crinoline sometimes—sometimes a number of—one over the other—and sometimes ajnpon a tales (tabr*" The air-tubes must be preferable lor lightness, both to the crinoline and the number of dashes one over the other; and " light as fairy foot can fall" most be the step of the girl who is buoyed np by this airy under clothing. A boy, by the way, would perhaps express the opinion that Bhe would bound after the manner of a football well blown up. But, though light, It is qucs tionsble whether the jupon a tubas sTair has the recom mendation of coolness. Air is a bad conductor, aud when confined, arrests the passage of heat. Much caloric is generated doringa quadrille, and its esc&pewoald; be opposedby the air-tubes. If additional lightness were desirable,the jupon might be distended with hydrogen instead of atmospheric air; bat the substitution might not be unattended with danger. Hydrogen is an inflammable gas, and some mischievous juvenile might be tempted to puncture the pulled garment, with the view of creating merriment by occasioning its Collapse. Wereany flame in the vicinity, nnlees the flame were a peculiar flame, an explosion might be the consequence, which, communicated from jupon tcjapon, would cause fiU the ladies is the room to blow up, one after the other. This is not the way in which young ladies in a ball-room would wish to go off. In wearing their dresses, therefore, with an air. they should not give themselves such airs as hydrogen. One obvious advantage of the air-petticoat Appears to have strack the observer whom we have quoted; who proceeds:— "A little knowledge is a dangerous thing, and as my informant was —ty, I ventured to ask if the fair one could blow herself up, and let off the air at discretion for the bi£n-etre of those around, Thi8.itappeare.was quite practicable; and it would greatly simplify the question of getting in and out of carriages: though to see a lady blowing herself oat In any other manner than that which is usual at a pic-nic or at supper, might appear somewhat ridiculous. To promote the bieu-^tre of those around in letting the air. oflj a few drops of essence of lavender or violet, or otto of roses, might be introduced into the air-tabes previously to filling them, and then the lady would fold herself up as a fiowcr does at evening, exhaling fragrance as its petals dose. If the air employed in clothing beauty with a balloon were tho protoxide of nitrogen, or laughing gas. the hilarity necessarily attendant on its liberation would perhaps be augmented. . In concluding our observations on this delicate subject, wo may remark that Mr. Cariyle might, with great propriety, apply the term Windbag to the wearer of ibe jupon a tube$ tTair; though some perhaps will be of opinion, that a young iady so inflated would be more properly denominated a'wind-baggage. 