LIGHT AS A SANITARY AGENT, An Atnerican physician writes as follows upon this subject:—" From the fact that so many contrivances exist and such pains are taken, to keep the heaven- sent and vivifying rays of the sun from bur dwellings and from our bodies, we cannot but come to the conclusion that the salubrious effects of sunshine are but imperfectly, if at all, understood by the great mass of the population Our windows are darkened by Venetian shutters on the outside, and by a succession of close! shutters* blinds, curtains, &c.;, on the inside; and all, from grandma down to the little innocent prattler in the cradle or jumper, are, in summer, carefully housed until the great luminary of the heavens has nearly or entirely performed his day's journey, and is lost be- hind the western hills. This is parti- - cularly the case in cities and larger 1 towns. Now, my erring friends, let me remind you that light is as necessary to your existence and well-being as are air, food, and drink. Did you ever notice the effects of light, or, I should say, perhaps, of darkness, on vegetation ? Did you ever observe youi r potatoes, when they begin to sprout in your cellars in the spring of the year —how delicate and how sickly the stalks appear? And as for leaves* (lungs !) they have scarcely any! Did you ever turn up that board in your garden-walk, and notice the color and texture of the few blades of grass growing there ? How different from the rank and dark green blades that spring up outside of the board, even from the very same roots ! This unhealthy state of plants is called etiolation, or blanching, and is caused by the almost entire absence of light. If the light were all excluded vegetation could not proceed at all, because woody fibres cannot be formed without it. Woody fibre consists chiefly of carbon, and carbon of vegetables is derived from the carbonic acid gas which floats in the atmosphere, and is absorbed by the leaves and through the bark of plants. Carbonic acid gas contains not only carbon, but also oxygen, which two substances are chemically combined, and light is required to decompose them in order that the plant may appropriate the cai-bon to its nourishment. In man, the deprivation uf light produces a disease or cond tion similiar to etiolation in vegetables, called anosmia, Or bloodlessness. If men and woment wish to become etiolated, all they have to do is to keep out of the sun, and they will soon become as white, tender, and watery as the finest celery that has ever been blanched by binding its leaves together, and thus excluding the light. For the most exquisite specimens of this human etiolation, we must examine the inhabitants of mines* dungeons, and other subterrane j ou8 abodes; and, for complete contrasts to these, only look on the complexions of perse** who are in the open air and sunshine in every kind of weather and during all seasons of the year. The influence of light in promoting the perfect development of animals has long been observed, arid why should that agent not be as necessary for the perfect development of man? I am satisfied, from observation and experience, that a sunshine bath (if I may use the term) is as useful in the promotion of health and longevity, as a cold water bath; and the former should be resorted to as often and as regularly as the latter. We have all observed that . we feel rnbre energetic, more cheerful and happy, in bright solar light, and that darkness conduces to a gloomy state of mind, and to a lessened and inactive condition of body. Open and elevated situations undoubtedly owe part of their salubrious qualities to their position with regard to solar light; and low, dark, and shady places, where pure air and. light have but little access, are proverbially unhealthy. All diseases characterized by weakness and imperfect nutrition, such as scrofula, consumption, rickets, &c.;, are very much benefitted by a free exposure to light. All parts of the dwelling, and particularly sleeping apartments, as well as our bedding and clothing, should be freely and daily exposed to sunshine. OPINION OF AN ELDER ON THE DISAPPEARANCE OF FAIRIES.—"How do you account," said the Rev. Mr Macbean, of Alves, to a sagacious old elder of his session, "for the almost total disappearance of ghosts and fairies that used to be so common irt our young" days? " " Tak' my word for't, minister," replied the shrewd old man, " it's a' owing to the tea. When the tea cam' in* the ghaists and fairies gaed out. Weel do • I mind, when at a f our neighborly meetings, bridals^ christenings, lykewauks, an' the like, we entertained one another wi' rich nappy ale; and the verra doucest o' us used to get warm i' the face, an' a little confused i' the headman' weel fit to see amaist onything when on the muirs on our way hame. But the tea has put out the nappy ; an' I have re marked that by losing the nappy, we lost baith ghaistB and fairies. "— Elgin Courier< 