I .1'.' : «MTAlIVuTOb ; . ." I And Joue*) «tallóte* tra« hs* AU»4nM g WM. » be« France a»nt Kstgkutft * «arriar WMW Came tt«e Wu« wtlvr* «'er, TT«»* harvest, in the tanti ; 'Mid peaceful farpa* »ml piled sheaves, And clustering grapes, ami autuinn leaves. They leapt upon the strand To meet the foe they rushed ; On Alma's slopes they trod the vine Earth drank tue fiercely ni ¡ogled wine From Death's red vintage crushed. Before lier granite trails They came, and back her proud defiance hurled,' And their brave boost rung through the world. " Oppression's stronghold falls I', The storied times of old With battle and with siege are rife, lint this prolonged, gigantic strife Mocks ali that hath been told. ' Immortal fields of fight ? ' Those fiercely leaguered walls surround Each spot a bloody battle ground, ' Diver, and val«, and height. ? i ? .,, There, on the plain below, Contending armies gazed and held tkeir breath,, While England's horsemen rode to death As for a martial show. i ; There, on our sleeping h09t, Through mist the foe's dark masses stole, Burst wave on wave, like thunder roll Of breakers on the coast. As mists before the sun Are scattered un the vale at morn, That day beheld them backward borne And Inkermann was woo ! ? ?' And oft the silent night, with all her train of stars, waaia seem to flee, While flashed upon the dreaming sea, Destruction's baleful light. Like suns to darkness hurled, With their first blaze tlie canton's flash Hamed out, and there was crash on crash As of a rending world. Yet Freedom's hopes grew pale, . As sunk the brave and quailed the bold ; ' Vor " who can stand before f Hs cold " Who sendeth forth the hail? And armies low were laid, And in the Silent Land, 'raid thronging ghosts. The Leader met his vanished hosts, With him the strife who made. Leaders and legions gone, Fresh leaders and fresh legions rose ; And hosts were slaughtered of the foes, Aud other hosts come on For many a warlike horde. From fertile plains and northern snows, As far as Don and Wolga flown, To the doomed city poured. From wife and mother torn. The dull serf, rooted to his native soil, Is summoned frum his sluggish toll. And to the war-fields borne. He fainteth by the way, . Yet on the marching columns haste Across the wide and withering waste Their trampling sinks away. As the young peasant dies He sees his river gleam agtin, His low hut on the grassy plain Stands In his swimming eyes. Crimean vales along Tohernaia flowed-hot- loy lips unsealed, ? To Uer wild flowers, by wood and field, " 8he sang her summer song. On plains of peace afar .Ripened the grape and s aved thc grain, And lt was harvest-time again " , ; ?, ,, On ll olds imsoathoii by war. _ And, glimmering in the dawn " Of autumn morn^Tcliemuia flows , : ? entle river,, between foes Afin lu battle order drawn.1 Soon on ber banks tho doad Lay heaped, and mangled corlis os chocked tba sjtream No morning cloud reflected gleam Those miilglingstreaks of red. And thrice tho foe advance,. Across the bridge they oharge-they fly ; Triumphs tho hope of Italy With England and with france. Yet still this fortress frowned Defiance on the fierce attack, And hurled the bleeding columns baok From towers iron-bound. The death.grfpe sterner grew. As tighter folds the deadly serpent twines ; Till, vaulting from the close- drawn lines, They storm her strength anew. A rush !-tiley renell toe walla, Or through the wheelingdeaths advance Now, glory to the flag of France ! The mighty stronghold falls I And darkness to tho skies Beheld her roof forsaken, flame And fires with suicidal aim From her proud dooks arise. Cities whose power has fled, And from whom crowns and thrones have passed away. Yet a mild lustre in decuy From their passed glories abed. But not to thee bolong Their glories-none of these are thine. Majestio learning, art divine, Immortal names and song Thoso, ere thoir ann wont down, Shed o'er the world bonignant rays Thou but the lightning's lurid blaze Thv Fall thy sole renown. -Ita, itt Scotsman. ? 