ARRIVAL OF THE SALES FROM LIVERPOOL. ONE DAY'S LATER NEWS. (From the Melbourne Herald of Saturday.) BY the Salem, which arrived in Hobson's Bay at a late hour last evening, we are in possession of the following English intelligence to the 18th February. From the Southern Reporter we extract the following as [BY MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH, FEBRUARY 18.] Count Cavour, The Sardinian repre tentative, arrived in Paris yesterday. The sudden fall in the English funds yesterday was announced by telegraph to the Paris Bourse, and produced some thing like a panic. The cause was not known at first, and reports were circulated attributing the decline in the English Stock Exchange to a complete rupture with the United States, to disturbances in the large towns, to the fall of the Palmerston Cabinet, and other probable circumstances. The alarm diminished towards the latter part of the day. " The defensive works in course of construction at Portsmouth cannot be intended as a protection against either Russian or American fleets." This is given by the Assemble Nationale. It is said some difference has arisen in the Sardinian Cabinet as to some concessions with respect to the Holy See, which the Prime Minister (Mons. M. de Cavour), j isinfavourof.whfle Matz, Minister of Interior, avers that such Concession, would be a display of feebleness not was, retable by circumstances. Mr. Dallas has accepted the post of minister to our Court in behalf of the United States, in place of Mr chanan resigned. W ING other news of importance. - "? * POST-OFFICE iNVIOLABILITY. THE prosecution of the Rugeley postman suggests painful reflections. The discovery some years ago of the practice of opening the letters of suspected persons in their transmission through the post-office, and of the consequent violation of that secrecy and security of postal communication in which the nation had hitherto reposed implicit confidence excited universal astonishment, indignation and disgust. Everywhere the name of the Home Secretary, who had introduced or revived a proceeding so unconstitutional, unprincipled and infamous, was held up to public odium' "Not to be Graham" was for a long time the favourite motto of every adhesive envelope, and many years after Sir James Graham shall have been gathered to his fathers, the unenviable notoriety he acquired through the mode in which he tampered with the inviolability of the post-office will stick to his memory. The ministerial delinquent escaped the legal consequences of his conduct because, for many obvious and cogent reasons, the Postmaster-General could not prosecute the Home Secretary, but the press and the public, who took the matter into their hands I passed a sentence upon the offender as destructive of his reputation as though he had been condemned to imprisonment and hard labour. The postmaster at Rugeley must surely have had the precedent of the Mazzini case in his mind when he violated not only the sanctity of a postal communication, but the most me portant obligation of his office. Mr. Cheshire who is now committed for trial on a charge of misdemeanour for opening a letter addressed to Mr. Gardiner, from Dr. Taylor, the analytical chemist of Guy's Hospital, was the public guardian of the secrecy and security of the Rugeley letters, and his offence assumes in consequence a deeper dye of guilt. The circumstances connected with this case have already excited the feelings of the public to a most painful degree. Our national character is at stake in the investigation of the foul air) hideous charges brought with such a crushing weight of evidence against Mr. Palmer. Any attempt, indeed, on the part of those in authority to pervert the cause of justice or to shield the accused from conviction and punishment (inadequate as it is when compared with the diabolical atrocity of the crimes alleged against him) is a stain upon our public morality. Yet such an attempt has, it appears, been made by the postmaster at Rugeley and Mr. William Webb Ward, one of the coroners for the county of Stafford, now engaged in the prosecution of the inquiry into one of the charges, upon the result of which Mr. Palmer's fate in a great measure depends. The case is briefly this Dr. Taylor, who, during his analysis of the deceased Mr. Cook's remains, was in communication by letter with Mr. Gardiner, the solicitor for the prosecution, posted a letter to that gentleman on the 4th December last, in reply to one he had just received. This letter conveyed the important intelligence that no traces ofpoisonofanykind could be detected in the analysis of the remains, Now, this information which had been commas nicated through the post in a confidential letter to Mr. Gardiner, was known to Mr. Palmer, and to Mr. Webb, the coroner, at Stafford, even before it reached the person for whom it was intended. The letter, was the only channel through which the results of the analysis could have arrived at Rugeley, and, therefore, Mr. Gardiner immediately taxed the postmaster, Cheshire, with having opened his letter, and possessed himself of its contents. Cheshire did not deny the fact, but excused himself by saying-" The letter was lying open upon the table. I looked at it and saw there was no poison found. I was so stated that I read that part of the letter and told it to Mr. Palmer I " For this act Cheshire is committed on a charge of misdemeanour, and even if he can prove that the letter was really open when it came into his custody, a thing very improbable, since it was securely closed when it reached Mr. T Gardiner's house, he will still, for having come ' municated its contents, be severely punished. The most extraordinary part of the story, however, is that the sympathy felt for Palmer by the postmaster was shared in by the. coroner presiding at the inquest, to whom Palmer immediately communicated by letter the pleasing intelligence he had received from Cheshire, with an accompanying basket of game. The fact of the despatch of this letter from Palmer to Ward, and of the receipt of the present by the latter was communicated to the magistrates at Stafford, who have most properly demanded an explanation of the whole affair from Ward, and who will, we hope, find some means of suspending him from his functions until such explanation has been satisfactorily given for we cannot hope for impartiality te a judge who is in friendly communication with, and in the receipt of presents from, the accused. lf The Post-office delinquent is the cause of all this mischief, and his is the offence in the punishment of which the public are more in mediately interested. We hope to learn, from the revelations made at his trial, whether the crime with which he is charged is away so exceptional case, or whether "GrahsmiMT has been, since the days when first the date mous practice was discovered, the occasion! means to which postmasters and other officers! have resorted in obtaining confidential information."-Britannia. THEATRICALS AT SEBASTOPOL. The Fourth Division are gaining great laurelsitaAs Crimea with their theatricals, and really "VTi them. About eight in the evening the door off theatre are opened, and the audience begin to and? from all parts of the camp most of the visitors was with them their lanterns, to assist them to remove ing through mud, hedges and holds; still they come, and the theatre is generally crowded. The town is half but half tent, wooden sides, of a framework roof filled up with alternate teams canvass and climate; small shelves, fixed tears in wales, support candles; the amnesty, iacUuUW three violins, enlivens the audience in the intervals of the performance with waltzes- and polkas, inter charged with such popular airs as ii Wt; Bogee de ffilv^-'Popgoeithe Weasel," saw., Jones and where there are none, but one large pit, with rows of benches, not very solid, and which occasionally gave way. depositing their occupants upon the floor, which in such weather as we have lately had, and thanks to Crimean accumulations on the boots of comers- in, is unpleasantly apt to assume the appearance of a muddy road j but these are trifles. Several pieces have had good runs. The following bill announces one of the evening a performance : THEATRE ROYAL FOURTH DIVISION. This Evening Her Majesty's Servants will perform A Phenomenon in a Smock Frock. Characters, Mr Sowerberry.Captain Earle, 57th Regiment. John Buttercup (a Milkman)....'..Major Lord-A. a. Russell, Rifle Brigade. Mr. Barker. Capt Hamilton, 68th Regiment. James (Mr. S's servant).Major Garrett, 46th Regiment. Mrs. Barker.....,Mrf Stuart, 68th Regiment. Betsey Chirrup (Mr. S's housekeeper). Mr. Lacy, 63rd Regiment. AFTER WHICH, The Mouttaclie Movement. Mr. Simon Swosser (in the Law). Major Garrett, 46th Regiment. Captain Altamont Kidd (in the Army). Major Lord A. G. Russell, Rifle Brigade. Lieutenant Cornelius O'Pake (formerly in the same, Swosser's nephew). Dr. Shelton, 48th - Regiment. Anthony Hoskins fa Lawyer's Ciork).Captain Earle, 57th Regiment. John (a Waiter, as maybe anticipated Mr. Light, 68th Regiment. Butcher (with a Moustache). Mr. Shaw, 21st Regiment ' Baker (with ditto).Mr. JIariington, Rifle Brigade. Two Individuals in the Police. Messrs. Louisa Fitzjohnson (a Millinery Mr. Lacy, 63rd Regiment. Eliza Swosser (Swosser'n daughter).,....Mr, Saunder- ston, 68th Regiment Sally (a Housemaid, as will be naturally expected)... Mr. Hamond, 46th Regiment. Doors open at half-past 7 o'clock. Performance to commence at 8 o'clock precisely. The female characters were admirably sustained' and notwithstanding; the absence of stays, Mr. Lacy was a charming Betsey Chirrup, and his agonies of apprehension and jealousy as Louisa Fitzjohnson drew tears of laughter, from the audience. Mr Stuart was highly correct as Mrs. Barker, and Mr. Saunderson cast down his eyes with becoming modesty in the character of the attorney's daughter. Of course the ladies ware got up with an ample amount of buckram and padding, and although they all looked rather solid armfuls, one could not feel at all surprised at their power over the hearts of their respective admirers. John Buttercup was extremely well acted by Lord Alexander Russell Captain Earle was very comic and Bupkstonian as the moustached attorney s clerk. Dr Shelton was fare ciously Hibernian as Cornelius O Pake, every hair of his whisker hinting at slugs in a sawpit, and his demeanour when arrested by the two policemen was that of a lion, overpowered but untamed. The said policemen, be it observed (they were very correctly attired in blue, with the due allowance of fetters and numbers on their collars), were band boys of the Rifles, each about three feet high. Their heads barely reached to Lieutenant O'Pake's elbow, and their des- parate efforts not to grin as they hung on by his wrists, resulted in a series of physiognomical contor- tions quite painful to contemplate. The minor characters were all respectably filled, and the scenery painted by that distinguished artist Mr. Shaw, of the 21st Fusiliers. The performance over the curtain was again lifted, and there was a dance upon the stage, in which the actresses displayed infinite grace, although they rather detracted from the feminine effect by exchanging their bonnets for hats and forage caps, and by placing cigars between their beautiful lips. The first two performances were for the men, the two succeeding ones for the Officers of the Four h Division, and then for the Officers of the Army generally. The 11th Hussars have been playing !' Hamlet". The Danish Prince was exceedingly well performed by a young soldier named J. Grant, and the ghost looked as a ghost ought to look-all white, after the good old style of Richardson's show. No liquor is allowed to be sold in the theatre, nor is it requisite, as the soldiers bring with them their ration ruin ; neither are pipes allowed, but every man has his cigar or cigarette, and everything goes off quite jolly United Service Gazette, February 2. FLUNKEYISM OF AMERICANS IN EUROPE. (From the Paris Correspondent of the New York Herald.) ' I HAVE already told you of the scramble of Americans for the title of Chevalier de la Legion d'Honneur, 'iheflunkeyism of Americans in Europe is an old story of which, perhaps, your readers are tired. But I will venture to give the in one more instance, so absurd that I am sure I will be excused for relating it I'll individual who merits this notice is an American, whose name figured conspicuously In former times in the journals of the United States, but who has resided for some time in Europe. For the sake of his friends, certainly not for his own sake, I shall place him under the disguise of simple George Jones. George Jones then was determined, Yankee life, not to do things by halves. It did not suffice him to fell In as the courier of the appendage of a ' decayed countryside Plant, and Fruit is orthodox on that questionable must be a count himself; anything short of that would not satisfy his great ambition. In effect, nothing is impossible to a Yankee; but how do you suppose George Jones made himself a count? I was seated the other day in the bureau of the American Legation, when a gentleman rang and was ushered in. He was middle aged, end his shoulders were garnished with one of those traditional blue cloaks so dear in times gone by to members of Congress. It was seedy, and might have gone through several stormy sessions, but it was clean and looked respectable. The rest of his toilet, which was irreproachable, declared clearly enough that the old blue was clung to from some vague idea of its respectability, or from some souvenir of past greatness. In his button-hole he carried one of those many coloured decorations which come from towards the same, and which one encounters scoffers at Paris at the restaurants at a died prices he had the obsequious air which becomes neither an American nor count, out which was very welton an American count. He bowed low, and in a patronising tone demanded of Mr. I Wtlboe,'la his Excellency at home?' Mr. Mason, you mean, inquired Mr. W., who had already recognised his man. and saw amystlfleaitoit ' II 5 that ribbon. Yes. his Excellency the American Minister.' a Yes, sir. he is at home; allow me to send in your cards Aftorge Jones drew from his vest, pocket a gold mounted^tortoise-shell card-case, and presented to the *iAiíír,i!cr,.l"r', "n, .'.,*«»tly«»gra*sd card, of which the following is a fac-simile:- " A crowd. THE COUNT JOANNES, Count? PyUAxniff. -46, And As , , i.i?ï.e.,£i'.,f.Tjr.i08k the far between his fingers, ran î,LTiîT,l,îfc?Bp,iw- " of" Silverwater and fifth *i£îm,.Di,l,r- He "was '". found to be a! ««..«..Zîl'A.*00". rf*"'o«*» to the secretary with foreign name, and prime the English language, «?X,r,,.,hP.,fuU,.'?,,d.,.,, *"P«l.n7e had taught the' r"^L,".n,- ÎT,M'V'".to disembarked himself of. U.Z¥.?gWl0t in the "new.? "man In his own when Senator- La -"*?* "H 'o the meantime, had -M».?2n,*.¿b\C0X¿nl* costs and who was now 28 IGMS as "f ".? rM»*»«»«d a ranHllarf.ee, THI. pains 'after u,i,»"l»' "22 delivered his message, about says George Jones turned red and treated the Üfi?.JJ,i glass. mMl sent contempt. Mary Mason entered. end the court rose from his chair. As the ss.- i of Mines on his visitor, Ma countenance "Casks V.he'l00'n,d assessed . familiarities He asked to know what he could do for the gentleman. SALE one bowed down and «'«..'«d tcknow If he had SHIP. late ?Jw,rM»l,,K "s. Excellency the American Minister. On being satisfied on this point, he said that PO»<lcpD*e/or a passport for. himself and bacon is, to enable them to go to London where and here he dropped his eyes, placed -his hand on his hair, and looked melancholy) Her only daughter, a lovely child, the Lady Eugenia, was suddenly taken distant where they had been summoned in haste, by their medical attendant, Sir James Clarke, to attend. Yes, but are you aware,' said the manner, that we only give pass- ports to American citizens V ' ' Your Excellency, I am an American citizen.' Ah and may I ask how you come by the title and decoration which you carry of hesitation on the part of George Jones, with slight suffusion of countenance, They were conferred on me by the reigning house of a German Duchy. "And what house? demanded the minister. Second starts Boniface red. By an ancient house, descended from Charles V.' ' You dont know the name of the house?" Third hesitation face scarlet. 'No; the last member of it became extinct In the early part of the century' ' Ah. Then who was it, Mr. Johns, that presented you your father, since you have only been in Europe a few years? Here (he Count Joannes,' Count Palatine, grew livid; and gathering the old Congressional blue around him, he left the bureau In a towering rage. And this is how George Jones got the title of count. Since this occurrence, George Jones has again returned to the Legation, but this time accompanied by his countess, a brilliant representative of the quartier Uralla -premiere categories The secretary, either from sympathy at Mr. Jones's former rebuff, or from the presence of the countess (for the secretary is not insensible to the charms of beauty) treated their highnesses with much consideration, and kindly asked after the health of the lovely Lady Eugenie. The Lady Eugenie was declared to be dead, but somehow neither the count or countess were in mourning. The count and countess sent in their cards to the minister; madame's card was a facsimile of the count's, and bore the words, The Countess Joannes, Countess Palatine. And what do you suppose George Jones wished this time ? There was no longer any necessity for a passport to go to London, but he wanted a private audience with the Empress for bit countess. The minister was obliged to refuse the modest request. 