VICTORIA THEATRE. The entertainment last night, at the above place of amusement was ShakBpcar's tragedy of Richard III., and the afterpiece of tlic Loan of a Lover. His Extellencr Sir H Young and Lady Young, attended by the Private Secretaiy r and Aidc-dc-canip, honored the performance with their presence. A guard of honor was ia attendance at seven o'clock, and the vice-regal party urrived about lialf-past 6cven. The centre box of the dress circle was fitted up very tastefully for the accommodation of His Excellency. As soon as the doors were opened it was clear that the theatre would be well attended, and by the time the curtain rose the house was tolerably well filled in every part. livery star that has appeared, from Stark to Warner, except Mr Waller, has attempted the part of Richard, notwithstanding which there was a great desire on the part of the play-going community to witness Mr Brooke's performance of the "Crooked back'd tyrant." This pait requires an amount of physical energy which few actors are {altogether equal to. In the 5th Act especially an actors'powers are tried !o the uttermost. The first four acts arc trying enough totlmt in the iil'ih,gencra!ly|speaking however well the four first acts inny have been gone through, there is a visible falling off. Mr. Brooke's appearance upon the stage, on Monday evening, was the signal for one of those liea ty buist of welcome, and approbation, which "speak tlu'ir own reality," and which upon the present occasion more particularly must have been exceedingly gratifying to him. That reception must have quite salit-fied him, that his talents were appreciated, and that by his visit to Tasmania, he had considerably added to the number uf his admirers, though uiuclic in pecuniary sense he may have been disappointed As soon as tlic flattering welcome permitted him, Mr llrooke proceeded with (iloster's first soliloquy, beginning with the words " Now is the winter of our discontent made glorious summer by the House of York." It was undoubtedly one of the liucst specimens of declamation we ever heard, and it was listened to l,v the audience with the utmost attention. The actors whole soul was thrown into the delivery—he was clearly determined to make an impression at the starting point of his arduous night's work, aud he succeeded most completely. His scorn and contempt of the elfcminacy of Edward's Court—the bitterness with which he spoke of his own •'• misshapen trunk," and the exultation with vliicli lie contemplated the distant prospcct of the regal reward which he was determined should he his, were splendidly rendered. The second soliloquy was equally good; the words " Clarence still lives, Edward still lives aud reigns—when they are gone then I must count my gains," were delivered in a way that completely horrified us at tile demoniacal atrocity of the mind that could conceive and determine on the perpetration of the murder of his two brothers Gloster's sccne with Lady Anne was an exquisite picture of dissimulation and feminine credulity. Ilis delivery of the words " sweet saint, bp not so hard, for charity," will live long in our remembrance; so also his utter disregard of all but the pursuit of his own projects in the sccne with his mother and Edward's widow. There was something positively terrific in Mr Brooke's delivery of the passage, " Sound trumpets—strike alarums —drums, let not the heavens hoar these telltale women rail "on the Lo:d's annointed." The sccne also with the Lord Mayor of London, as a splendid picture of downright hypocrisy, was superb. When the announcement of the ca|>turc and defeat of Buckingham is made known to him, the exultation with which he received it was perhaps equal to anything in the tragedy. The acting of Mr Brooke in the faurth and fifth acts, when even his conscience is awakened, was undoubtedly sublime. When the ghosts in the tent scene, of those he has murdered, pass in review before him—his horror and his earnest appeal to heaven on awakening, were grand in the extreme, and must, we arc sure, have left an impression ou his audicncc, that will be long remembered. It was unquestionably the perfection of acting. v The last scene, and death of the cruel and ambitious Richard, was a study in every particular — the death especially. Mr Brooke's delivery of the words, " Now let the world no longer be a stage," &c;, and " perdition catcli thy arm, the chance 16 thine," haunted us for the remainder of the evening. We are of opinion that Mr Brooke's Richard is his very best impersonation, excepting, perhaps, Othello, Wc know that he overwhelmed us willi wonder and delight by his representation of tlic character on Monday night, and we arc quite sure it requires to be seen more than once to be appreciated thoroughly. 4 tThe other characters were remarkably wcli sustained, particularly (he Queen by Mrs Heb, Lady Anne by Mrs Ilarward, Buckingham by Mr Wolfe, and "Richmond by Mr Heir, The after piece was the Loan of a Lover, m which Mr Mungall, Ss Peter Spyke, kept--the . house in canVuhdon : of laughter. 