AMERICAN MISCELLANIES. (From fhe latest New York papers.) Catholic Colonisation. — Tho Toronto (Cana da) Leader predicts the complete failure of the Irish catholic scheme for forming a disiincfc .re ligious community in that portion of the British dominions, or in any other direction, in which opinion rnauy sensible persons will coincide.' The Leader infers this from the impractibility of the enterprise. At the very inception of the undertaking, difficulties appear, in determining the point to which emigration shall bo directed Out the seat of the evil is the joint-stock prin ciple involved, with a horde of speculators and land agents as invariable accompaniments. Or dinarily the emigrant is tempted to occupy a new country by the prospect of an early advance in the value of his land ; but in the case under consideration, the emigrant must forego this advantage. Nursery for Seamen. — :A Boston cbrrespon- dent states — " A very good movement is going on here, having tor its bojecc uie estaoiistniierfl of what is to be called a 'State Nautical School for Boys.' Mr. Forbes, - so well known for the iuterest he takes in all nautical and philanthro pic matters, is among those who lead in the undertaking; and so is Major Rice. The mer chants, approve of it. and are signing petitions to .the Legislature; asking for the establishment 'of the proposed school. There are in our State Reform School and State Almshouses 722 boys of ten years and upwards, most of whom might be placed in such a school, and converted into good sailors." French Republicans. — The French red repub-' licans celebrated the eighth anniversary of the. last French revolution by a banquet on Saturday evening, and a meeting on Sunday afternoon, Feb. 24th. From the report of the proceedings it appears that Louis' Napoleon was severely denounced; and Ips would-be assassin, Pianori, commended and cheered as an attempted avenger of the French republic. Extensive Embezzlemciil.'—C&ieb; ,B. Atkins, teller of the Washington Bank, was carried be fore the Boston police court on the 26th Feb., charged with embezzling 14,000 dollars of the funds of the institution. He wsb ordered to give bonds in 25,000 dollars for examination on' the following "day. > A Sharp Game. — We learn'that Fyler, who murdered his wife some time sines near Syra cuse, is playing a sharp game , up.on the counsel who .defended him. It appears that the agree ment between them was, in case .'Fyler was' saved from hanging, -his couusel was to have 4000 dollars.' Gf this amount 1000 dollars' were paid in cash, and the remainder secured by a mortgage on his fariii, ' The counsel; "put in a plea of insanity, and Fyler was sent to the' Lunatic Asylum.' The mortgage is now about, due, and the holders, on preparing to fpreclose it, were met with the defence that if the maker of it was insane when the murder was com initted, could he have been sane at the time of giving the mortgage,? , It- looks, as though the lawyers were- caught this time. — Auburn ( N. Y.J. American. Escape of Slaves on the lee. — The freezing/of the Ohio river offers such fine facilities of escape from slavery, that negroes are constdntlycross- r,a -T'T , The Cincinnati k-azetle thinks the freezing, of the . riuer unconsti tutional on that account. It is certainly a breach of the Fugitive Slave. Act.- , , Divorces in AfaJama.-r-During the present session . of the Alabama Legislature, says the Selina Sentinel, there have been about one hun dred cases of divorce granted! '-'During the last ' session of the same body there was about the same number granted. ' 1 ' Fdlibiiitering turned to good accoypt,r A late i California paper informs us that a company of' disappointed filibusters are. about to proceed-to Singapore to offer their services to the author! tie3 there- in ridding the place of tigers. As these creatures are very numerous on the island and the reward offered for their destruction is great, the speculation will probably be a profit able one. The excitement or fun of tlia.thirjg, - however, is supposed to.bq the principal induce-j ipentto our restless, go- ahead Americans. .Ti-j frer-h noting is certainlyiquito as pleasant a pis-- time as flllibustering, and much -more useful to! mankind.- Wo are not at1 liberty ' to mentiohl names; but we may hint that a'tertdiri notable; colonel, .who' is brave almost to foolhardiiieqsj and an unerring shot with the rifie, is $he leader! . of the S.F. Tigjqr Killing Co. A full . supply ofj Mexieati saddles, Shqrpe's rifles, the largest/ size of CnltVrevolvers, and bowie knives,, and; some strong hand nets have been procured. 'Aj store of strychnine has also been providetl; 'The perty, which js ,to consist of twenty p'spns, will leave California at an early opportunity for Hong Kong, whence they'i'l proceed to their destination. Two of the party (Englishmen) have been resident in India for some years,' ana are familiar with tiger hunting. They are re puted to have killed between them fifty .seven Royql' Bengal tigers. The celebrated ' Striped Bob,' the glpry and 'Wfror. .of .W>m!)\yol|'s ,Mpr nagerie in England, was'icaptured by,, them ou the Snnderbunds at the moutli of ;the' Ganges. They were paid £890 (4,450 dollars) - for this- animal, by an agent 'of'Mr.VVombwelL who'had been sent to India to procure specimens for the MenagCrie. Three moi'e of the ' patty are Frenchmen, who/have been 'accustomed to tbp chase of wild beasts m Algiers. . The. remaining members. of the company ore. Americans, most of whom have .had encounters with grizzlies in t'.ieirtime ' .- ' Canadian Parliament. — The following are said to be the'leading questions that will cojiie before the Canadian Parliament ' at its' session commencing-, the lfjtiiitist. : — '1. The election of a permanent aeat of gor vernijient, f 2 . The constitution of the Legislative :Coun- cil'O. e., Senate). - - '' i '' : 3. The" clergy reserve commutation. ' 4\. : The demand of the Roman' Catholics for sectarian schools! ' ' ; . . . : ; 5\. ' Representation o.f Upper and Lower Canada in Parliament by population, .. . In addition to these, a prohibitory liquor law. with pretty stringent 'provisions, has been 'ar ranged. Last year a bill of the snme kind was lost in the Parliament— oneHousaonly agree ' ihg to it.— B uffalo Courier. ' Frozen to Death. — Mr. nnd Mrs. Rolf, of Ccrro/.Gordo county,' Io.va,' were, frozen, ..tp dmth"a few days ago. They, had been to a neighboring town. shoping, and on their way, home got lost .in a snow-storm- -on the -prairie; Mr. Rolf, who was an invalid, could not leave his sleHge/His wife, wrapping her shnwl around him, unhitched the oxen, and followed them, as they trudged homewards, for half 'a jiiile, when, she sank down in ,a snow-drift and. there died. .. On the arrival of,the oxen at the house, the neighbors turned out in search, and found both Mr. and Mrs. Rolf frozen to death on the , prairie;— -Detroit Free Press. i la. — A large amount of capital lias b-en.m- 1 vested in the ice business this year, with a view not' only of supplying the increased local de mand, "but of exporting to the cities, of the South. Boston has hitherto had the monopoly ;of this trade, and it was only last year that New York- made any attempt to secure a share J of it, - One 'house exported' J 5 000 tons to our Southern coast cities, and to Aspinwall arid &un; ; Juari. This year more determined efforts' will ; be ni&de;, and there is no good .reason wliy the ; Boston ice should not eventually be supplanted, to a considerable extent, at Havanna, New Or leans, and. throughout the South generally,. by ice from Hudson River, Highland Lake, and Rockland Lake, which, for average purity and thickness, is" unsurpassed.'' Several ingenious plans have beeti devised for freezing water by chemical agents in midsummer..' Not' long since it was announced that an apparatus .ha'd (been; put in operation in Ohio by, which water ; could be frozen in the honest weather at a cost much les3 than that of natural Ice. The c-.ikes ! produced by this process are, however, we understand, riot more than an inch or -two inches thick, and are, 'of course, more liable to irVott r- T UwUtuj- yliau CUOSe ' of greater thickness. Such an 'invention,. if ,'it has actually, been achieved, would be of great .service in inland Southern cities and on planta tions. Railway Wit. — Among flic jokes which have been got off during the detention-; occasioned by the deep snow is the following, clippedffrom a Vennont paper ';— ' Madam," said. 'a con ductor, a day or two since, "your boy can't pass at half-fare — he's. too large." , " He may be. too large now," replied the woman, who. had paid for a half-ticket, bat he ivas small enough when we started." The above dialogue - \v,. s overheard on one of the trains of the Rutland and Burlington Railroad. , The joke may .be appreciated when it is known that the train hpd been delayed all night at a. by-station. Sir Colin Campbell's Disobeging' Orders — Woods, the late Criraeau correspondent' of the Morning Herald, lias published his experiences of tlie campaign, and. mal>es publicly known, now for the first time, that is was by Sir Colin Campbell's disubeying orders, that the English army 'escaped annihilation at the battle' of Bn- lnklava ; or, father, it should' be said, that by countermanding an order of General Airey's to withdraw a most, important' fieid battery, he prevented the enemy seizing on the town, which it was i heir object to possess. Hints Jor Wives — Never eompluin that your husband pores too miiefi over the newspaper, to the exclusion of that pleasing converse you : formerly eujoyed with him,! This is what : man would be without a newspaper: ; treat it! as an agent in the work of civilisation which, it assuredly is; and think how ranch good- news.-. , pnpers have dona by exposing bad husbands and wives, by giving their errors to the eye of . the publifr.' But manage y.ou ihiS' w'ay ; 'when your husband is absent, instead of gossiping with neighbors, pr.iboking into shop windows, sit down quietly and lonk'ovef that paper your self; run your, eye oyer ;lts home and foreign news ; glance rapidly at: the adcidents and: ca sualties; carefully scan., the. leading .articles; and at tea-timo, when your' husband- again takes up the pnpejvsay, ".My dpar, what a"sa'd state of things there appears to be in India;" or, "what a terrible ealamityatSebastopol;1' or " trade appears to bo flourishing in the;north ;" and depend upuu n,, a»nu:- win 'b./ I.--pw.'. If he lias not read the information, he will have it all from your lips, and when you 'have done, he will ask, " Did ybu, my dear; read Simp son's letter upon the discovery of chloroform',?" And whether you did or did nnt-, you will gra dually get into as cosy a-chat as you ever on- joyed: and you will spoi discover that, rightly used, the newspaper is the yvifo's neai friepd, for it keeps the husband at liome, and supplies capital topics for every day table talk. Mulloney says that the people who don't be lieve in ! purgatory may go further pud fare worse, ... ' ' Paddy, my jewel, why do|nt yon get your ears cropped ?. . they are entirely too iljtrg'e for a . man.' f And:'yburs,'. replied 'Pat, asp top short .for an ass ! , , . . Character ' of Louis Napoleon'.'- — From the. National'Revieiu.—Yha most iiifliiehtial elem'erit in the( present condition of Frati'c'e .is/ beyond contradiction/ ,tjie(ch'aractpr, of , thp Yemqrkable man who npw.goyerns it, character/, siqgu- larly . difficult to . cslimate aright, because, no -Frenchman- can ; speak of him- dispassionately, ! and no foreigner can, speak of him'with a- 'know-' ledge of all the facts necessary for avriving at a' confident opinion,' . And, in the ' first' place,' we put aside As irrelevant all coasi- . derations of his moral bharaotor, We doubt whether, in our Jinglih geijee/ef the woyd,.' has one. He is capable, we believe, -of strong, sincere, and,i.t,enamous,,.a£feptio, as , .far , ; ps , i warmth' of any .kind- «!«« bei PVedlptei ffifia-WRh ; pf 'hip, singularly reserveiVand phlegmntiC'tem- perament.-.' He I is usually amiable ton those about him; by no roeans devoid bf consideration ; for thbm, Add'is 'liked. Who have, lived. vpth him ,and served him, We do not suspect him of any petty or m.aligqapt passions ;' !it woujd seem as if. lie, werp , much Ipse , subject to these than was.his iuqcle, But of, a moral seme, of;an idea -of.duty. of a ooh8cienf tiohs preference of right to wrong; of to percep tion- even of tlie meaning of the words, wo topr : prehend LbUis' Napoleon to he wholly des titute The next thing to 'observe i(s, : that iiot,renlly doesovejm-, .-He haffsNn'g : fixed'nolibn of doing his work, lie lg.in Mie i trueigense iof; tha.wprd, a rulei',,n oornmauder, i an imperator, . He did not Usurp Ike throne i merely to sit i upon it.- He did not- seize -the sceptre- merely for 'the pride of possessing ot tbe pleasure of looking at the bauble. , , He. did not' bspirb' £o supreme power solely fb the lux- ury.or gratification it might, y iej d 1 >i yn,, t |i ough lie is aclpally'ravehpiis pfter eyery s irt of plea, sura/ ' He , sought and, he values . greatness, scarcely more for what it. would enablediini to purebose -thanifor what it ivould enable hirii tp do.-. He' liolds- the reins1 of "goverrimtirit hitnv. self; lie lias n'o'be around hirii SVho cph control hi'm, iln'd fcut.few iylip can materially aid.djim. He has/. his 'line of policy, hopie and .fprejgp, spun in jiis pvyn braiu. < 1'Ie hasihis-owii i,jcas tp,' ,work t some profound, some shallow I some sagacious, some; unavise ; some - prudent, some rash-; some full of promise; some fraiight with risk and mischief; — but-all di-'tinct,1 though by no means always 'consiiteiit or continuous. He desires to make France great, and pro'spsriius-rr, under his i'-'ign, , fie des'trps . -'to distipguish his reign'-. .liy .embellish jng. .the papi|pl.with \yoybs that wijl he foyliim a monuinent- But lie -also.- wei believe,' honestly; ''earnestly; fanatical! v.idesirha to carry out'eertdin' rtiensiires of administration and certain priiiciplespf states manship." 1 . ' Hip kripwiedge ip' wb think; offeii1 imperfect''; and hia yieWs limited un'd incon.siif.rii'it.' , His' policy seeins to be:a pptp. pound , of. jdpas pniierited; from his upcle; but mbdilied, cfrrccted, and- enlarged by long, and deep reflection ; and still more so, perhaps;'by his observation1 of the -working of Iree'inslitu- t-ions in England and America. ' fie appears to value the forms and rudiments of rejiresentii- : tive government; but to have; no .belief in tlie present capacity of ! France to. bear more tliau it-He forms, and assuredly to have no uution of allowing any forms Wh itever to-' tnke the sub- stontive power out- of his own hands. The Site of St. Petersburg fTctbfs Motived— Those Wjlio imagine that Peter chose that; sitp without consideration,. or because lie had.de-. rived his only ideas of a city, from Amsterdam, with which, during his residence -there,- he had .become familiar, form a too narrow -estimate of that coarse but vigorous genius; His ambition rose far beyond the country of which ke'foiind himself the mn'ster/and far ' beyond the day in .which he expeeted to live. He placed brforo himself the map of the world ; he saw that Eprppe, Asia, and America, converge towards the North Pole, niid. that, Russia; situated on the point where their meridians meet, appeared1 to be their destined mistress . l ie formed thfe ' purpose 'of- taming this nsriMied irilentiiliiof the Grea'or-into a (act ; hy successive conquests to give to'lirff peTipTe the poseessTon of" fhr.ee words,' and by the opening of , riveys, c.innls, and caravans,' to form tile remotest, regions into a single state. rWJtli such an idea before him, the position of St. -Petersburg' was well chosen although fOr tho purposes of ordinary life nothing could well be worse. ' "There tliev tremble upon a grrfit subteriain'ean.scaffoLliii.gj ' ready/ as.! I liaye. heard it graphically said, ' to sink, into ,a inarsli, like a stage -ghost through a trap-ddor,' with a climate so. de structive to buildings, that-the glittering exte rior which we have just surveyed; has to be 'ro ne wed every summer at enormous cost, with 'a neighborhood so' difficult of drainage that no fodd' cari bd: raised' without incredible lajborj lind in the forests of which, (as I can testify, from having obtiy.ued and s.ent .home one of thpm) the. wolves still prpwl ; and, nbove all, with the possibility suspended over them of a complete submergence beneath the surronudiug Waters , fdr whenever it shall happen that ii p'uweful West wind' shall blow duripg the fortnight that witnes -'es the breaking up of the ice, the jti'de of the Gulf of Finland vyill ineet the tide of Lake Ladoga apd, vi.sing together, they will roll over the city, (no part of which is fifteen feet above their -ordinary level,) when its palaces,' inohu- I mints, and temples, together with' the 400,0|j0 tilings tin- the cokiiil-its; oT vast tieuctlt. to rnrs nnpur- timt cnimtr.v, giving IVcwIom to every mail ivJio lived In it, developing its resources, carrying Imppiness to the homes of nil (cheers). It wns his intention, ii his consti tuents wished it, to come forward at the next election, as n candidate for the Cnstlenmiiie liormtghs, (oh, oil, and cheers). They had had an opportunity of judging what sort ol n mini lie was in Council ; they were aide to form some opinion of his character as a public man, and having hail that opportunity, tliey were hide to judge somcwlmt, whether lie was worthy or not to he sent us their repre sentative to tlie new parliament, (110, ves, cheers, See.) Tlie first, question that would como before tlie Assembly travagani; . habits, wincii,:if 'sbe-tia, . le w ytumf augiist father .into difficulties. One of his high: ness', daughters, whose- mprriage with- a S-.iu of Keschid Pascha was not long since recorded is, it seems, - in -debt to the amount of 10,000 piastres,- and Alide Sultaha'-is ' down iq tho : books of- Stamboiil tradesmen (or a larger bum. Tt' seems 'rather hartl to. a, Westerp. mind that the Sullan should be made respou'sibie for tho "little accounts "' of . his married daughters; but' this, it appears, iii tlie pape/.ais the Patrie gives u8 to uhderstand that in consequence of these drajns upon his purse,- the Padiscliah's allowance-has .been increased by several thou- snnd piiietrejii"!. . . . .- u-; Thacke)'qy.A 'friend writing to. : us frotq Philadiilpliia' says': — ' ThackeVay has h'ebn ljepe, I won't consent even .to ' his eisl'euce. His mouth is full Pf cursing, and the ppison of asps is ithder' liis. lips. (Je . sells .us'iiis glass beatjs for . diamonds, and. ,of; cpurpe, >ve miist st.\nd for: Indians pleasured by, our market relishes. His characterisation of George 'III. is n inoni- trocity,— a good;! amiable,: innocent; mor ii, do mestic, honest man indeed, he admits, silently admits' him, and still j paints' him odipuslo.'rmd yyc republicans and yulgariaii.B are as happjr.as so many pigs scratching themfclyea against . a po it— an4 lor the same reason, . , I. didn't. Ii.uar any other ..cuficatpce : of Kings, The work of reckless scandal wgs. fit for the, hand that a year ago , glorifiid- the blackguard' humorist, of- the -18th .oentury, and so -far' as lie could; endoa- vored'to turn the current of the English sewer's through bur parlors that wo mi jtht fish out the occasional' crumbs ', of ' wit afloat' in the wpsh \yltich we not quite roeti',' , / /,: The, Rrofits.-pf, Popular. Authorship.- The correspondent: of >t\\\e'Liverpool Albixm\ refer ring to Dickens's new serial- novel " Littld Dpr rltt,"' Qays Its probabilities of success must be measured . by' the standard of its own fgjnily, the offju-iHg qf tjiq same parentage, i A'lfl. Di'nt' (Mb to.; its pecuniary , attitude, , T1)0. public hftVO Bfliiqll RotiQJ)' qf -the roqweRtftl' magnitnde of such an affair; and mercii princes who deem lit Bacrilege for 'preas n 'tb'din'e pHn,eV$''of 'jnftil'a iw I 'i b'ly. think such:: -ventures' ". a '.right good'T spec' for contentjilaiion'onthe -left side ofth- bwn ledger,", T.prqceedgpr the-lt' aS Bleak House '- are understood to have f„ir little short of £13,p0p, atidlarge:ds thatamohm a'sqrey .i?;. jt 'is prffiiably nqt; over '.tlie miS Themale ; is assumed ,to have varied.lrom 80 nmi to '4.0,000; averaging' 3S;O0O per mbhfh 'WhlH, dt hal( thp sqlling.pricel .leavitig the other ha'f to defray, expanses, 'would- be, in round numt,„ f lO.p00 for.the' twNve mqhths, on the monti pifrts, alone, and tlieiparts, extend to' 20. Tlio the advertisements /wore charged : at from »i to'tdn1 gtiinp'S ttie'bge,' afleb'f flitig to p'ositioif qnd'I.lie hest.primf,' that: the, monthly , issU8 jZ-' oeeded 30,000: ithe , circurastatiod that' adver" tistijiients1 would' pftcn be' fqbnd, ' o irfit led ' m/cp" pies jit, circulation,' the agreement with' the ad'" verlisers being that when that issue vftis reat,u" ,d«'i:!!1Ja/.,.',»Tii.VqUniconep,ts,:,sU9pi!,i''',Jie.witBdpawn" The reason for this.is, obvious,", as nowery ela borate calcnliitipn . of thS jjfic'e of paper, &c; k requisite to shpiy; tjiafi! ihefuit.'b.B.'a pomt'at which profit bn-the-ndvertisement,. would be ab- sbrbed in the cost' of jjydttrtctio'n,,l :: Next come's the sale full nfico of which keeps np pvodigiously; Of no author are there' fewer bargains to'be rriet with on the old' bonk-stnlls tba'h iBoz,.,, Bottufl. or unbound piecemeal'.or entire, if yuu want him. you must pay properly for HimiAhd A'fcTete'rjoratej little fponi his market value. ''1 liis is tlie true test of a- genuine popularity; and;' i applied to most othets; if is a fatal one indeed,. ' You may meet with". ; ll'arj-y JLorreqners' -and the like by the hundredweight, ha.ndsouiely boun-1, uncut let. tered| pllites.. ahd.aU the re3t of-it, at no great nilygnco on' waste papcr price ; but with-' Pick- wicks,' ' Deimbeys/- and.'- ChuzZlewits' never while shcli is' the'.charm 'p'f'tlie illustralions, ijl! ways from.the,aame:pencil,i that large numbers pf the/London editions co'ntinne tp be sold in , npt.wit'rs.i/tsb . t)li(e/ 1 0,0(jo specimens of home manufacture' in- that 'model republic of re -printers. That ' brings us to speak' o.f the priority of puliljpaiqu fliers, -by Iransmitting portions in advance of tlie period ' of' vending here;" a privilege that constitutes a fruitful /spVrcejof. revpnuo. to (tie author, despite the oxoeeding, dexterity of iliis transatlantic pi. rale?, owing , to, the absence of international ro- pytight,;, Another source ,, still is the right of : translation ; - for ' which purpose 'likewise the . sheets are forWavde'd iu advance to Germany, ' Frauce, &c;„ ,'so as. to. keeji . the publication as nearly simultaneous 'as possible there and' here. ! Put'lip'g" ajl'.tbese'putfcul&sbgethdr; it will not : appear yrry incredible that the aggregate should be somewhere about wlidf has been stat-d, ' equivalent to the salary 'of the Governor-Gene- ; ral of India, when the expenses of that maho gany-colored functionary . ore liquidated, saying nothing of. (he. difference jn Dickens's' ftvor in respect of. his liver."- . . Nocturnal' Visitors in Ice- Squad Regions. -7-About 6r46 ivc pitched Qui? tent for.the night upon the smooth part of the -floe ; but just ss our psnnican was properly senspped and ready -for distribution, ix visitor, not viptualled, -made 'his appearance, attracted, doubtless, by thesa- vory. perfume ; this 'was a Dol'ar bear. Our ?wsvlieh:lif''(ll(l-'(nl1nugitiiii(iaiiont')iij:iii t ' would vei'er to, wns one of greater Jmportimcc tlun tlie I 2 Inst — lie meant railways (cliccrs), 'Ho Had endeavored to I ! -nusli.on-ilio cornplction of the iitclliouriie mid Mount t i Alexander Hnilwiiy, lmt it was one of tlio slowest inlw in tho CGiony. Mr, \VhecIcr "rcltrrcd -to his unsuccessful oxertions to get tlie country districts represented in Hit 1 I 1 railway committee. He was in favor of railway and tele- I graphic cmiiiiiiiniention ; and weielie returned -as a re- | preseutative lie would do liis best to get tlie line hrmigtit I j tlirough tlie' principal towns of the country, Inclnding | j Castlemaine ami Sandhurst (clicers). Local Courts met | i with, his approval, and he exhorted the miners of this i ' district to procure the -immediate re-establishment of the Court here. Tlie present Act under which those courts \- were constituted, required revision ; — the lcgMativc and judicial functions should bo separated, ana that was a i efbi-ni lie would endeavour to bring about (hear). Man hood suffrage lie approved of nnd tho uliolition of tho property, qualification for members. Ho was a supporter of the National system of education, nud ho wns prepnml to advocate grants to promote secular education gene rally; rcligioun training, lie cone. iVod, should he left tj the parent's discretion (hear). In regard tp taxation, he was favorable to a reduction of the oxport.duty, and ton tax on real property ; and "believed that immigration shoiild lie assisted by large grants (A voice, " IVhnt nliont the Chinese ?") He thought' the more tlie colony pos sessed of them the liettcr (oh, and cheers). They were au industrious people, and many of tlicm regarded this colony as their future liome,' and lie would nlwnvscn- couingc tliciii. (A voice, " flow about State aid to reli gion?") Hcwns opposed to the £50,000 grant (oh, oh, -and cheers). He vrtcd against it in the Council. But that wns a question on which scarcely two people were agreed ; more than ono-lmlf being iu 1'nvor of state uiil, one- third diftering as to Its appropriation, nnd the other f portion opposing it altogether (u laugh). It wns ngniust nil principle tli at a man should made to pay for the sup port oi'itliat which he did not believe, and therefore he : opposed Stnte aid to religion (cheers). Tho.coiistiluency had had an opportunity of judging of what he lunl done | ill regard to the expenditure of the public money iu this district- ; and it' t licit- upin'on was favorable he wns wit - ing to represent the district again. If the district pros pered, lie would prosper ; if it fell, he would fall ; h« interests were therefore closely iilciitiHcd with it ; nnd lie would take 'cure that all that could ho done, should lip done, to add to it socially as well as politically (cheers). If they retur led hiin lie'wju'd act in thesnmo indepen dent manner Hint lie had hitherto douc. Ilewouldgo in not as a mere delegate, but as the representative of the | peop'e of the district (cheers), iiotliiiiiling himself to nny | man, hut to support the principles he Imdtlmt day ciiun- | dated, lie would now conclude, as several other gen- | tleiiien wore noxious to address the inccthig. 1 li r. Stau'o wished to enquire whether Jtr. IVIiee'.er, on the hustings, tit tho last election, did not stnte that lie wns in favor of immediately abolishing tlio export duty on guld, unit whether he did not sceoiur an .amendment for reducing it instead ? "What censed this clituigoof opinion (lienr, hem-) ! Jlr. whkemiu: When Iwasonthc hustings, i did not mention the duty on gold. I gave an opiiiiuu on thai question at the meeting, iii Taylor's paddock, wlien I stated I was iu favor ot a reduction (cheers.) The Chairman then introduced V. Pykk, Esq. M.L.C., who wns received with ge neral applause. He wisjied to explain why he had not con e forward ax a candidate for the Boroughs, and why he wu not present at the previous meeting, hi the Hist place, lie felt it was necessary, — in, fact, that it. was ot the ui- j most importance— that thn constituents themselves sUou 'i ij uppreiiiatu tlio value of the privileges conceded to them, | - . and pii tlieii- myn take care t hey were pi-operly re- rjj jueseiiteif. Hits would lie bf.ilie utmost Importouee in > the working of the New Constitution; nnd not one L| linger would lie raise to induce any elector to give imn » , vole which was not rendered of the electors own tree win .-(cheer.!). He had looked somewhat anxiously for ua ex- j i ; pression of tlie public upon thc'iuerits and demerits of IM f - trepraseutatives of this district; for iio had felt tlmt while | he tvns sitting and voting on one side of tho house, nun , Mr. ,W heeler on the other, Castlciunlne wns a political ( nullity, (licar,) aud ho lelt that one of the two ought not | j to lie there. It was for the electors to consider whore . views were most in aceorduuec with thelv owu, n"'118cn'1 ij down thosu men of whom they most approved. ) "" n" it |ercncc hi what he had done in council, he should he vr- J A rj" bed been short, hilt nearly every A lion ol iiiiiHii tiiiici- had been touched upon during d- jd was si-invi-ly iu roimeil wlieu Ke found the eileuiciil lip- vidliiigahoollie luhuslqeilll Ci'Ms; lim,,'lJ i irleieiicc to rhiit,- he believed Jlio-.'abveruiiiiuit ' tin: -office to seen ro Hioir peusioiw, and nit fro1" < - motive ot good to tbe vomit rv. He believed tliey hja ) \- not tlie good of the country iU heart; and therefore he 9 : oppascd tiicin; and it was Ids conviction note tlmt eve y . representative ought to lie thoroughly plcdgcd to rein |.| tbe old dynasty from power, and erect ; upon IIs rl"Jf , L rich iii 'doatiQus/. j;w4.ss 6 I of £l,00,0()Q, and JSforo, carrieid away h'om ' it 200 statues.- -The walls of'Rotvie were |j ' 13 miles roiiiicl.- ' ' r'! 1 ( ,1 Koolfe and; George III. — -Whon Georgf iU- I was told that Wooife was quite unfit ' c0®" j tnand;' and :was in fact, rd madman, 0' montirch replje'd, " Madrma'd-inqd;! , W# ,w4.4''i 'W&h; He'd jiitq1 .eqine qf W - j geqefftle/', , 