SYDNEY RIFLE GLUB. The quarterly meeting of this club took place at their shooting ground, Waverley Tea Gardens, on Monday last. The attendance of members was on the whole satisfactory, although We have seen a much stronger muster. At the hour appointed 22 members were prepared to shoot for the crack prize of the day, trie Miver Liuo uup, which had to be won thrice by a member before the ultimate possession of it could be claimed. Three or four of the members had scored two, and this rendered the match extremely exciting. Fibst Prize.— The Silver Club Cup, valued at 25 guineas, to he won three times by the same member — distance 200 yards ; 3 shots each. Mr. C. Robert's measurement 18f inches. Jag.; Oatley „ 27 J „ Wilcox „ 3(j| „ Hamilton „ 37£ „ Mr. G. Roberts having made two previous scores in the cup was declared the ultimate winner. The shooting in this match was exceedingly good. Mr. C. Roberts made two bull's eyes, Messrs. J. Oatley, Wilcox, and O. West also secured one a-piece. Second Prize. — A Silver Watch — distance 150 yards; 3 shots each. This was contended for by 22 members, with the following result Mr. W. Aitken, measurement 191 inches. J. Si jGlay ton „ 26 „ .HmaiBton „ 28 „ This shooting was of average merit ; Mr. Clayton made one bull's eye, as did Mr. Vcrdue, but his other shots left him in the rear of the last quoted score. Tiiibd PrizeI — A Handsome Tea Service — distance 100 yards ; 3 shots each. Twenty-one members contended for this prize. Mr. M. Chapman, measurement 14 J inches J. Oatley „ 16 „ Hcaney „ l'J£ ' „ Fourth Prize. — An Excellent Telescope, presented Ly Mr. Wilcox to the club. To be shot for by all members who had not won a club prize. There were seveu entrances for this event, which terminated as below. Distance 100 yards; 3 shots each. Mr. Heaney, measurement 15 J inches. Brown „ 18| „ _ . Morrison „ 21 1 „ A. Sweepstakes was then shot for, which, concluded the rifle sports of the day. The parties then adjourned— to Mr. D. Aitken 's, the Waverl ?y Tea GardensHotel "w'aere they partook pf the creature comforts so profusely provided for them by the , worthy host. Having done due justice to them, Mr. W. Aitken presented the Silver Cup to Mr. C. Roberts, accompanied by a neat- and appropriate speech, which, was well responded to by the latter gentleman. The cup having been filled and passed round ; the health of the winner was drunk with due honor. | The second prize was presented by Mr. Roberts to Mr. W. Aitken, and the third prize by Mr. Oatley, to Mi. Chapman. The teapot and coffee pot were made to perform the office of well stocked decanters, and hip, hip, hurrahs having burst upon the ear to an unlimited extent, the members turned their horses' heads from the crack place of amusement, the Waverley Tea Gardens, towards the metropolis. PETER 'POSSUM.—This gentleman who does the "Country Comments on Passing Events," for our venerable Grand-ma, George-street, North, in his latest contribution, is, as usual, "Groggy, Groggy." He has a playful method of making a Jerusalem pony of himself; in fact, if he had tried ever so hard to be returned as Member for Donkeyshire, he could not have met with better success. 'Possum (which in his case cannot be construed as "I am able") says, "Ghosts dread daylight, as "the Bunch" will find, when the Parliamentary Committee of enquiry meets." To what ghost can he refer, other than to the shade of Plunkett, which has not the shadow of a chance of getting in for Sydney. Groggy 'Possum; 'Possum Groggy, you really are to be pitied, with your penny- a-line editorial paste and scissors, your "phantasmal bowie knife, revolver, and Bloody Murder." Oh! 'Possum! open confession is good for—society; but when you say "assassination was your refuge in destitution," that is rather too open. What! "Stab a man i' the dark!" Don't do it, 'Possum, transmogrify yourself into a Detective policeman; it is a much more fashionable line than a penny-a-liner's line at the present day. Kilt? jMCOCUl1 uajt Empty Houses near Sydney. — Whatever- may be the cause it is certain that in many places in the immediate vicinity of the city, there is a more than ordinary redundancy of empty houses to lot, than we ever recollect witnessing since many years before the Gold fever beat its first pulsation. At Straw berry Hill it is decidedly conspicuous ; houses large and small being to be had — one would imagine from the competion, for an old song ; but alas the rents are still too high, although they are stepping gradually down the incline, and approximating to sober common sense. The Surryhills exhibit their fair proportion of paper intimations, posted on the windows and doors of deserted homes. The Riley Estate with its small houses and high rents, is no Exception to the rule — tickets being more the rule than the exception — while Chippendale and Redfern actually bang Bannocher, and seem to intimate to the owners and mortgagers of small tenements, that there is danger not far distant unless there is a speedy reduction. The Glebe has lately had an immense addition to its habitable houses, and in comparison to other places, the accommodation is of a much superior order, and rents greatly lower than anywhere else, but there also " the tickets " are at everyother door, and no bidders. It is not altogether " suburbs to let," but what with the diggings departure, the high rents, the low wages, the short hour movements, and many other causes, the progress of house building will be inevitably arrested, and it is easy to forsee that labour will be without a market, property will fall down,. Investments upon speculation will become dangerous,Jif not rfonousiund lead to a collapse -among the landlords that '-has not been paralleled since 1847. " . Official Assignees of the Insolvent Court.— A greater system of humbug than that practised by th Official Assignees of the Insolvent Court can scarcely be imagined by any person who is not an actual sufferer by it, and who has not been , practically hoodwinked and humbugged in his communication , with the " depaitment." It has often been asked, where all the fines go ? What is done with the dead donkeys ? How are all the old post bojrs disposed of? But it might just about i as reasonably be asked, where are all the assets of Insolvent Schedules lodged ? Who keeps them — if they are realized — and who works upon them while the claiming creditors are waiting for a dividend ? Nobody — universal as Mr. Nobody's business is well-known to be — can afford the slightest infor mation to lead to an approximate solution of the mystery. There is no place to call at for the necessary knowledge, to enable one to hunt up the cash. At the Insolvent Court we are told chey know nothing about it ; but, that it is likely we j might get an answer from Mr. Sticktohim, at No. 1, the Official Assignee, confirmed by the Court, who has all the papers connected with the estate in his possession Away goes the I J 22. . . — n /I n +- lnar in j xuquirer, dull dltui cv LUUplc U1 lAUAuii oulccud loot j finding the Official " at home." The Assignee stares at the j applicant, wondering at the assurance that could lead a man who had lost his money to put such a question to him, when it was well known that the plan of distribution was not made up in consequence of the extreme pressure of business on the hands of the Official Assignee ! — Remonstrance is denomi nated insult. Necessity, as a plea for prompt payment, is laughed at ; and. contrary to the every day polite invitation of " call again to-morrow," Official Assignees very coolly, if they condescend an answer at all, tell the applicant to call again in a month ! — We happen to know some cases in which the proceeds have been fully realized — and this call again intimation kept up for seven months; notwithstanding the repeated solicitations of creditors to declare the dividend. This seems something like a prostitution of the powers of law ; a trifling with other people's money without the most distant appearance of apology or excuse. It is no wonder that people point to tens of thousands of heads of cattle, and ask if all that came by the application of insolvents creditors money. What care the Assignees if they are safe themselves. They give Jem Brown's estate to the auctioneer, who makes it into cash. The Assignee never looks after the proceeds for several months, when lo ! the auctioneer himself becomes Insolvent, and his creditors pounce upon J em Brown's money — and the Supreme Court declares that the Auctioneer's creditors were right — that the Assignee was right, but that Jem Brown's creditors were duly breked according to law ! We shall haye ; a word more about this money, in the hope of finding ou t how it has been disposed of, whether for legitimate purposes, or something which only looks like truth The Late Hack Race. — We believe that there never were as many hacks at the ruck upon any former electioneering occasion. The quota contributed by the City Commissioners to assist Mr. Plunkett's Shiudy nieq was highly deserving their most sincere thanks.- The servants or hacks who hang upon the skirts of the Commissioners and are paid out of the .city rates, laid their duties aside ; and, while they pocketed the public money, played their share of partisanship in every conspicuous shape. The very rate collectors were conspicuous ; and we thought that that was in very bad taste ; but it merely shews that every public servant in every public departments was summoned to do his share of the dirty work of the party — without regard to any other consideration. The Com missioners were equally busy, although Mr. Plunkett himself disowns them; and denies that they can claim paternity from | him, It is a shame to see one department of Government standing forth with brazen effrontery at any election to serve any particular faction when they are equally the servants of- all, liberally paid by all. We would have given a few shillings to Mr. John Rae to have been able to get -a Photograph of himself, taken by his own hand, as he appeared on the polling day. A hand sketch, taken on the spot, has been going the' rounds, and is remarkable for its fun and humour ; but it is very doubtful whether a sight of it to him would be satisfactory . for the loss of a night's rest in laughing at the idea. Never mind — their proposed stand pipes for the water works will be a monument of their existence as a Commission whose acts ,, brought them to a stand: and whose sins cannot be washed into oblivion by all the water that may be brought from Botany. Teach a Child there is harm in everything, however innocent, and so soon as it discovers the cheat, it won't see no sin in anything. That's the reason deacons' sons seldom turn out well, and preachers' daughters are married through a , window. Innocence is the sweetest thing in the world, and there is more of it than folks generally imagine. If you want t some to transplant, don't seek it in the inclosure of cant — for it has only counterfeit ones — but go to the gardens of truth and sense. Coerced innocence is like an imprisoned lark— open , the door and it's off for ever. The bird that roams through the sky and the groves unrestrained, knows how to dodge the hawk and protect itself ; but the caged one, the moment it - leaves its bars and bolts behind, is pounced upon by the fowler or the vulture. 