COPPIN'S OLYMPIC. THE ItlVALS. In spite of the weather, a well-filled house assembled to witness the performance of The Rivals lxst night, and, without a word of exaggeration, it was worth walking through the pouring rain and tho yielding mud to see Sheridan's glorious comedy performed in such a first-rate style by actors of such ability. AVe do not scruple to affirm that at no theatre in England could tho Rivals bo produced with such a cast of character as was assigned to it at the Olympic. From Sir Anthony Absolute down to tho small boy upon whom Fag be stows tlie kicks ho has received from his master, all was satisfactory, pcrfect, and complete. Mr Brooke is an Irishman, and therefore we need not say a word of lii.s Sir Lucius O'Trigger. The irascible lloeors, who worked himself up to a pitch of sublime choler in his interview with his imperturbable son ; n part sustained with' becoming sang froid by Mr Heir. Falkland, the morbid, tho melancholy, the jealous, and the irritable, was sensibly and sentimentally rendered by Mr It. Younge ; and the correspondingly sentimental character of Julia, found an intelligent exponent in Mrs Heir. Both characters however, are mere make weights, — compensating shadows requisite in a dramatic picture, where all else is gaiety and brightness, — bores, who aro introduced to heighten the cfFcct of the dia logue of the sprightly drinkers of the waters of Bladud —irrelevant and impertinent intruders, with whom we could cliecrfully dispense. Mr Coppin's Acres was a picture in throe compart ments — liko Etty's Joan of Are: — in tlie first we had tho rough and sportsmanlike country squire ; in the second the counterfeit man of fashion; and in the third the arrant coward, with ' his courage oozing out of his finger's ends,' and I113 fear impelling hjm to grasp at every circumstance whichj held out to him a possi bility of escaping from a mortal combat. Mrs urougliam s ' nice derangement oi epitapns delighted the audicnce ; and the announcement of her ' putrifaction ' in consequence of tlie conduct of lier niecc fairly sent the house into convulsions. Mr C Young made a vivacious and mendacious Fag, and Mrs Young's Lydia was languishing and love-like while Mr Murray's David would have been excellent if tlic dialect had not been such a singular compound of Welsh, Irish, Scotch, Yorkshire, Lancashire, and So merset. More genuine, hearty, aud continuous laughter than that which marked tho progress of tho wholo comedy, wo liavo rarely heard, and vociferous applnuso followed the fall of the curtain, prior to which, however, the following epiloguo, ' written for tho occasion by a lover of tho legitimate drama,' was spoken: — Lydia : Our play is elided— bat for your good will Let me assure you we are Rivals still. Acra : Not that your praise we mean to flight about, Tlio' quite delighted when you call us out ; , llounds of applause on our ears sweetly ring, A round of shot's a very different tiling. Pickled, indeed, and at my time of day — (Seeing Sir Lucius cocking liis pistols) I any, Sir Lucius, keep those tools awuy — or don't point those this way. SirZucitts: Don't be alarmed, Bob, there's one Mr Coppin a Would ne'er forgive me, if I sent you hopping. Acres : I should say not, — look out to') for liis ghost ; A spectre 's not a pleasant tiling to post. You're very brave, but were you in tliat fix, I guess twelve paces you'd prefer to six. Sir Lucius : Why, in those circumstances, l)ob, I think To see your spirit rise, might make mine sink. \\\ JUU says oir Aniaony i Sir An. : Why Sir, I say The duel's not the best part of the play ; Pilial obedience is the point and moral— (Captain Atooluto smiles.) Jack, if you laugh in that way wc shall quarrel. Capt. Ah. : Well, Sir, your dictum X will not dispute, But wero you not rather too absolute. Sir An. : No, not a bit, and, Sir, if you've a son You'll do the same. (Falkland goes up to him.) Falkland : Art sure you've not been done 1 Sir An. : Confound your iinpudcncc. I done I Here, Jack, Just take my cane and lay it 011 his back. Falkland : Pardon me, Sir, 'twas but in jest I spoke. Sir An.: Do me, indeed ! a very likely joke I Lydia; (Putting her arm 011 Sir A.'s shoulder and looking archly at him) Nay, don't be angry ; who, indeed, could do A patient, gentle, kind, goad soul like you 1 Sir An. : (Tapping lier under tho chin) Jack, what a happy fellow I have made you Capt. Ah. : Yes. I'm not sorry, Sir, that X obeyed you. Sir Lucius : Be aisy, now, whilst I put in a word. Mrs Mai. : Don't 6c mature, Sir, I've not yet been heard. (To audience.) To Sirs JIalaprop, you all hero know (Pointing to Sir Lucius.) lli» conduot has been most malapropos. ljiuucs, uon 1 let 111s uiarncy iukc you in, The monster for our sex don't care a pin. No matter. Though I'd lovers by the score, No mail oil earth shall decompose me more. And thou, fastidious wretch, since we must part, Like a true broom, I sweep thee from my heart. Sir Lucius : Poor Mrs Malaprop,— she's had her say, So now, I'll ask how you have liked our play, Offering, with pleasure, to all those who've not Immediate satisfaction on the spot. Sho.'t reckonings make long friends. What, silent all ! Then for those darlings— (looking at the pistols) — I've no further call; But as you've spoiled with them some pretty sport, Say, may I hope from you a good report. 