AN IDLE STORY (from the Melbourne Leader ,)j (by a lazy maw, after ueadiso : " the iiaven.") !," 'Tis the voice of the sluggard.') . — Dn. Watts. ,- As I lay in bed one morning; - all thought of troubl® scorning, - .-- ' <. And. drowsily, forgetful of. the. days of liereto- . foro; ,:; . o Suddenly I saw a - ghost, standing closo to. my bed post, " ,v Still and silent as that post he stood upon liiy . chamber floor. Its form'was vague and vapoury, arid clad in cloudy drapery, And ioy blue and bloodless was the oouutciiance it wore; And the sunlight soft and mellow full in streaks of sickly yellow On tho horrid foggy fellow, that I'd never seen before. Now I felt a heavy chilincss , creep upon mc in the stillness, " . . And my heart's blood flowing sluggishly, as from a failing store; And the atmosphere grew thicker, as if I'd been in- liquor, v And my soul turned sick and sicker, I wot not well wherefore, My fears I tried to deaden ; but dull, - and oold; and leaden . - All effort grew nnd energy, as ne'er was hereto- fore; Whioli circumstances summing, I felt n something coming, For which I waited wearily in dull misgiving sore. - And there beside the dimity, with stately equani mity, This cold and - spectral visitor stood shallowing my door; And my heart was strangely stirred, nnd fluttered liken bird, When a voice more felt than heard, this warning did outpour : " I am one of evil fame, dark Indolence my name ; " I have power o'er every mortal, and a homo on every shore ; " I' dog the 'limbs with laziness, I cloud the mind with haziness, ' " I lead thownyto craziness — thy foe for evermore. "Till thou rest beneath the turf, thon for ever art my serf, — " Mine; despite the powers of earth, — its wisdom, wealth, and lore; ' " Thy limbs shall drng my chain, and nty hand print shnll remnin "Upon thy' palsied brain, until it wither to the core." Thus, like a grand inquisitor, my mouldy-looking visitor Condemned mo, even all unheard, unfriended, and forloro: And my prido was sorely humbled, and my courage fairly orumhlod, And, so utterly down-tumbled, I had never felt before. Then the phantom disappeared, and another voice I heard ; It spoke in tones of melody - that- angels might \- adore : " Oh man to sorrow born, thon art hot all for lorn, "One guardian spirit shelters thee, a friend for ever sure. " By nil lite hopes that move thee, by the memories that renrove thee. "Rise from the slavery of sloth, arouse thee, I implore; "Untbonghtfpl noonday dreamer, Tliou soul-howil- dered schemer, " Shake oil' the: toils of indolence, thine own free will restore." Then; arottnd mo hi the room, reigned the silence of tho tomb, As I pondered long, and vainly strove my soul to reassure; For I darkly understood that an evil power and good Untiringly within me would ho warring ever more. As a felon under sentence, felt I dolorous ropent- ance, Peering hack into the vista of the memories of yore; So I rose and donned my raiment, and I vowed to make repayment For the days of godlcs9 indolence I'd squandered heretofore. And I tell-thisTittic story, not for honor or for glory, But. beacon-like I build it on a lone unhallowed shoro: Where Iutlolence hath thrown me, nnd Sorrow, she irnth known me, Hope's' brightest visions flown me — porchance for evermore 1 ; - And I versify my narrative by way-of a preparative, For bringing in effectively n moral I've in store.' Good reader then take warning, rise up early ill the morning, , And every day one sin the moro is taken from your score. And a crime for ever rank it to be rolled in sheet i and blanket, : 1 When tho sun is on your window, and the milk man at your door; - .'Tis. a most unhappy practice, and a fluting which in ' fact is, . . i . ; The sourco of All uty troubles, as described here- iubnfore. - And furthermore, arid: lastly,- ! recommend . you vastly, . . . . When - distinguished-looking spectres come and figure on your floor, . to their ghostly intervention give the uttermost at- !' tendon, ; ' ..; That the good advice they mention be remembered evermore. . . , Paulo. A league for the better protection of slave property was formed at Henderson, ICy., a few days ago, with.a board of managers, and rules for -its government. Hon. Archib ald Dixon was present, and r trade- a speech. - ., | Revolution jn Gas Lighting. — Wo ( Bos ton Traveller) woro much interostod tbe othor day at tho storo of Mr. N. W. Turner, Nos. 23 and 25. Droinficld-slrcct, with tho inspec tion- of an apparatus for generating gas from a new material, nnd tho joint pntontoos for which arc Messrs. A. and A. Davis, of Lowell, and Mr. 0. Cunningham, of Nashua, N.H. Tho material for generating tho gas, whicli is effected without tho application of external heat, and by moro chemical action, consists simply of z.ine and hydro-chloric acid. This yields a gas of groat purity aud brilliancy, — as contrasted with tho coal gas, tho same quantity yioldiug twice tho illuminating powor. The wholo apparatus is contained in a cylin der, threo feet in height, and sixteen inohes iu diameter; and by means of it every family may bo their own manufacturer. Nor is there much euro or attontion required in its manage ment, but a maohino capablo of genoratiug sitfHeiont for eight lights will require looking to and foeding only onco a month or less. Thoro avo no weights to wind, and tho pres sure, whioli is always equal,- is. adjusted by itself. But tho main aavantago is .that the new gas can bo inndovery. ohoaply— tho resi- duum is clrlondo of zinc, so .valuable as a dis infectant, and which is coming into growing favour, as wouhl be seen by an article , in our paper about a fortnight ago, for tho pttrposo of Burnotising timber, canvas, cordage, &c.;, a process by which thoy are rendered more on- durablo, and to some extent noncombustiblo. Indood, it is estimated that - this 'residuum. will be fully , equal in value to' tho original ; sub stance ;' if that bo true, tho gas will actually cost nothing in its manufacture, . There is ouo othor point to .which it is necessary to call' at tention, and that is tliO; oompaotness of the maohino, .whioh renders it evon portable. Not only may evory family thus manufacture their 'own gas,- hut tho apparatus may be made available for tbe lighting of omnibuses, rail road cats, ferry-boats, &o.;, with the greatest facility and safety. ' 'Tho now gas,' not giving out carbonic q'oiu gas, ljlte that from coal, is unattended with any offonsivo or 'injurious effluvia— -a quality which brooders' . it also vastly superior to. the ordinary gas for cooking purposes. Wo nntioipato t'eally great things from this invontiou. While on this subject, we have also pleasure :in calling attention to a now and improved gas burner, invented nnd. patented by Mr. Hiram- Wliec- look.in this city, nnd which appears to have many advantages over thoso in ordinary use; In this burner the gas, before reaching tho surface, is made to pass through a packing of bard foit.. This strains, filters and purifies it in its pnssago, and imparts many .advantages. By tbe . chook which it nifords, tho minutest proportion of coabtar is arrested and precipi tated, all the; gas is consumed, nnd nojoarbonio acid gas escapes to taint tho atmosphere. Even UUUOi' fUjjU |11C99U1U lit mil HUtkllDi UlUlt, smoke, nor fill np; -mid it gives an even, steady, soft and beautiful flame. But its main advantage, we ween, lies in the fact that it gives (tt9 wo have seen by satisfactory experi ment) 25 to 100 per cent more light from a givon quantity than othor burners. . It is esti mated that ths cost of gas for threo of . these patent filter regulating burners; in one winter quarter, will bo 12 dollars 82 conts loss than tho amount required for an argand, fishtail, and batwing. N ewton'b Generosity.— His liberality, in deed, was in some .iustancos excessive. On one occasion ho offered Chesoldeu as a . feo a handful of guineas out of liis coat pockot, and when ho refused them, saying q guinea or two was tho rao3t he ought to luivo, Sir. Isaac, laughing, said, " Supposo I do give you more than -your feo." To Dr. Oheyno, who refused- to tako money from- him, he was loss indul gent. According to a statement made by Dr. Arbutlinot ito Oonduitt, lie one day told Sir Isaac thnt Dr. Cheyne had written. an, ingeni ous book on mathematics, but that lie. had not money to print it. " Bring it to me," snid Sir Isaac ; and when the manuscript was brouglit to him, he offered Cheyho a -bag of money, which he .refused," and'. -.".Newton would see him no more. — Life of Newton; by Sir D. Brewster. Semi-Offioial Notification respecting Tkleoraphio News from : the Crimea. — The Globe says — " It may be well for us to prepare our readers not to expect the same amount ofihformulion by electric telegraph from the War Department, respecting "future operations in! tho Crimea, that they liavo hitherto been nccustomod to receive. . During the sioge no bavin could .arise from the im mediate publication of details of most of the events that ooeuiTed.- The. opposing Generals knew each other's objects. One army had to take.- the- other to defend. Sebastonol : and each sought to attain success as best it could by tho ordinary moans, which, except as to matters of detail, wore eqnnlly known to all Sersons acquainted with the art of warfare. Tow, as regards future operations,' the direct converse must he tho rule,' Tho war will now be in tho field, and strategy will come' more into play. In such a. war nothing. is more valuable. to ft General .than- certain knowledge of bis oponent's movements : and position. Sebastopol, London, tuid St. Petersburg rare within a lew hours of ench other, and if Lord Panmuro tolls the public that on such a day General Simpson made a particular move ment, Prineo Gortschakoff, .in perhaps loss than forty-eight hours, ' becomes possossed of autlientic information which might probably be seriously advantageous' to him, and of courso correspondingly damaging to us. It is hard to make our anxiety the victim of tho Vienna .telegraph;, but in occasionally doing so tlio War Minister, ucts from the most ob vious motives of prudence, and wo trust the publio will rest satisfied -with- the Assurance that evory piece of intelligence whioh may bo safely given to them will be promptly com municated." Tho amount of taxes for all purposes in the city of Brooklyn is 1,582,427 dols.; or one hundred and sixty-two cents on overy one hundred dollars.- In ono wavd of the city, comprising a. part of wlmt late was , Williums-1 biqg, whore thore is a local assessment, the tax is 2 dols. .28 cents." This is the largest tax we liavo over known imposed in tho United States. Tho Now Orleans Drfto says that in more than threo thousand cases;. during tho present season, inoculation for the yellow fever has been tested, and with entire success. . As a train on' the Hudson ltivor Railroad was approaohing a particular point just below Greenbush, on Wednesday, an Irishman, named Patrick M'Gillish laid a wager that lie would cross tile track within a givon distance in front of it. He tried it, and lost his wager and his life - . A number of persons lmvo been arrested at Woburn and fined 0 dollars each, for playing billiards on Saturday evening, Tho game is unlawful after six o'clock in tho evening on Saturdays, and after ten o'clook on other nights. The Sandusky " Commercial Register" learns thnt, in the caso of Barber v. the Mad River and Lako'Erio Railroad, for damages sustained while in the employ of tho company ns con ductor of it freight train, tho jury returned a vordict of 0500 dols for plaintiff. The Lady NunsEn in tiie East. — The sympa thies of England for her sriny in tho Crimea liavo boon certainly proved throughout tho campaign by immiflceut gifts inoro than by mora rejoicing for victories ; and above all have tlicy been exemplified by tho prosonco among us of those ladies — thoso sisters and nurses — to whoso tonilor helping hand aud smiling cheering influence many a hero con fessedly stands indebted for his lifo. Many ladies who left their own kith nnd kin to aid tho soldier wlicri prostrate through sickness or wounds will never return. Several liavo scaled their groat mis sion to tho cast with their lives, and yet more may fall. To-day intelligence lias reached no of another death. Miss Clongh is no more. She was lint with Miss Nightingale at Scutari, but, equally yielding to tho suggestions of iter own good heart, camo on to llto Crimea from London, nml at Baluklavn, at the hospital of tho Highland Brigade, slio indepen dently devoted all her skill nnd her untiring energy to tho alleviation of the sufferings of tho sons of Scotland. At last she hctsclf was assailed by the most prevalent iliscnso in this treacherous clime — diarrhoea, ending in dysentery. Apparently reco vered, owing to the assiduous caro of Dr. Furlong, of tbe 42nd Highlanders, site sailed from Balnk- lava in tho steamer Orinoco, to recruit her shattered slrength, eager yet again to resume iter Samaritan labours. Brigadior-Gcncral Cameron saw Miss x/juiigit nuitt tuu vjiuiivdii miuiu wiu butjj, ruuium- .boring the particular attention that lady bail paid not only to tho brigndo generally, but to his own regiment, tho 42nd, in particular, with which, in deed, site long took up iter quarters. All longed for iter return. Vniu hope 1 — she slowly sank under the lurking effects of tbe attack, and now lies threo thousand miles from home, iu lior gravo at Scutari. Tho Highlanders hero nro especially full of sorrow at her Iobb, and the whole camp, indeed, speaks of tho deceased lady in mingled terms of respect, gra titude, auil regret. The medical men acknowledge the sorvices sho rendered, though it seems the Government, at homo do not think too highly of thoso of the medical men. — Correspondent of the Morning Herald. . ' Tito Mobile Board of Health statos officially that four deaths from yellow fevor occurred in. that city on the 1st of October. « Thoy were all iemales, all far . removed- from tho shipping, and may/thoroforo be looked upon as oasos of native origin, Laving bad - no con nection wliatover with imported cases." Pure native iron, the existence of which tho scientific world lias boon disposed' to doubt, has recently boon found in Liberia.;. It was sent to tliis country, and bos boon analysed in Boston by Dr. Hayes, who pronounoes it, by conclusive proof, to bo a' true native iron, not meteorio, nor reduced in any way from an ore. ' .A national Convention of locomotive engi neers is called, to meet in Baltimore on the 0th Oetober.'for tho purpose of. forming an Enginoor's National Assooiation.. The princi pal object of tho association is, it appears, to establish a uniform system of instruction for porsons.wlio are to be entrusted 'with running locomotives, rand by that'iheaus. not' only 'pro- teot tho interests ol their . profession, but promote tlio security of life and! property oil railroads. . V Improved Style of - Police Reports.— Among tbo othor signs of- a healthier and more serious feeling upon -topics of .importance, it occurs ito mo that - the tono of our police re ports ought to be. noted. Twenty-five yews ago these rooords of. tho vice and sorrow of the' metropolis used to be composed in a spirit of levity which would not now he. tolerated, oven by the readers of sporting newspapers. Had two wretched, women, under the mingled oxcitomont of rage, drink, and jealousy, assaulted one au othor, the reporter would as soon have thought of presetting ' a: sermon on oithor vice, as of describing the scone . as one to be lamontod, as .a scandal, and: as an evi- donoo of wiokodness and of neglected training. Ho would liavo sat down to his work with a wink, stretoliod: out liis tightly - strapped trousors, and prooeedod to detail; with a pro fusion of interlarded : quotation, liow the " green-eyed monster," working upon " a mind diseased" resident in the oorjms of a dnmsel, "yclept" Mary Mahouoy,. had stimulated her to lot ily " one— two " upon tho larboard peeper", of her quondam friend, Luoy Lockit, who, having much spirit " in lior, gave the retort oourteous," in the shape of ". an appeal to Mary's ivories," &o.; The ooolting up these inoidonts of police administration with a duo spice of slang, especially that of pugilism, and with- thieves' cant and fag lines from plays, was, a quarter of ;, century ago, , on im portant part' of nowspapor manufacture. :Now, happily, we have learned that thoro is not only no fun in vi'eo, but that its exhibition is a reproach to ourselves ; -dud at all events we record suoli matters in a fitting tone,' however littlo wo may do towards preventing, their recurrence. .The; polico report now is. thp most painful portion of the! day's reading, but from other causes than those which make the reports of other days so offensive when one lights upon.them by. accident in an! old file of papers .—Illustrated London News. Tiie Affairs of San Pranoisco. — Tlio condition . of San -Francisco, as. re gards both city and county, has never been so deplorable as it iB at present, and 'this, too, whilst it must bo admitted that no other- oity aud county in the Union pos sess' greater resources, or aro in the receipt of a moro princely rovenuo. This condi tion- of things has been brought about by thnt spirit of extravagance, which is cha racteristic of California, coupled with gross mismanagement in some of tho departments of government, to which may bo added many injurious and unjust decisions of our Courts. . Indeed, in looking over our past history, it would seem that but two , ob jects, iu tho main, actuated our municipal officials ;. tho spending of the public funds, and the accumulation of a public debt ; whilst on tho part of tho Judiciary, what ever might liavo been the intention, the result, of tho decisions rendered lias been to divest the city of her property without any equivalent, and to leavo upon ber an incubus of debt which has virtually suspen ded the functions of, government. The only oonsolation left us is tbo knowledgo that we have at lenutli a munimnal organi- zation, whose intentions, as manifested by their nots, nro absolutely good ; nnd who, if they may bo'unablo to accomplish much, will still arrest tho evil at its present stage. It is a consolation indeed to know that not one act of our present government has been characterized by cxtrnvnganeo, whilst all are tending towards reform and re trenchment. Still is our government al most powerless, hampered as it is with old dobts, and oxhaustetl credit, an empty treasury, a docket full of judgments, and a most restrictive charter. To correct this state of affairs, wc mny, to somo extent, rely upon our municipal government, but our chief dependence must be upon tho next Legislature, and upon the mem bers elect, we call to ob, servo well the progress of affairs in order that thoy may not only act promptly, but wisely in the' approaching session. An Interebtino Letter.— Tlio finest of wits, Oliver Woiiiloll Holmos, sont two poetical letters to the " Post Office" of an Episcopal Fair ot Plltsfl'eltl. In onq of them the first stanza was — " Fair Duly, whosoe'er thou art, Thru litis poor leaf with toinlorest caro, Anil — hush, O' hush thy breathing heart— ; The one thou lovest will bo there I" On turning tho poor leaf" thero was found a ono dollar bill, witli somo versos beginning — " Fair lady, lift tliino eyes and toll \- If this is not a truthful letter, - This is the ano (1) thon lovest well," \- And nought (0) can mako' thee love it better (10)." A Providential Dibooverv.— A sapper, who was exploring ' tlio batteries. of tlio Roilan, just'a9 tlio Russians wore evacuating tho town, discovered a rather large cabin, whioh ho out in two by a blow of an axo, and then called tho attontion of tho ofilocrs to it. On further examination, it wiis found to be of n thick metallio wire, covered with a coating of gutia'peroha. This wire led to a very large powder magazine dug undor tlio Hodnn, anil tho discovery of which mad tho very boldest' trcinblo when they thought of tho frightful explosion from which they had escaped. The wire cainc from across the town tea uic avu) nuibit u uiussuu (V uic Ulliur sitoro, from whence tlio olcotrio spark was to be despatched to set firo to the volcano. If was dis covered just at the nick of ' time, as tbo last soldier had not yet evacuated tlio town when tho forts blow up, one after the othor, filling tho trenches with tiie ruins. — Letter in the Moniteur. Lord Ernest "Vane. — At the conclusion of a lending article on the trial of this " young savago," the London Times says : — " Tiie fact that Lord Ernest Vano Tompost is closely con nected by marriage with Lord Hardinge mity, perhaps, servo to explain his removal to the- Crimea tit the conclusion of this notablo trial." Sermon on Nothing.— Frederick tho Great being informed of tho death of one of his chap lains, a man of considerable learning and piety, determined that his successor should not be behind him in theso qualifications, took tho following method of ascertaining tiie merits of one of the numerous candidates for tho ap pointment; — He told tho applicant that he would himself furnish him with a toxt the fol lowing Sunday, when ho was to preach at tho Royal chapel, from which he was to make an extempore sermon. Tho clergyman accepted the proposition. The whim of such a proba tionary discourse was spread abroad widely, and at an early hour tlio Roytd oliapol was crowded to exess. The king arrived at tho end of the prayers, and, on tlio candidate's as cending tlio pulpit, one of his Majesty's aides- de-cainp presented him with a soalod paper. The preacher opened it and found 'nothing therein. Ho did not, liowovor, lose his pre sence of mind ; but turning the paper on both sides, lie said — " My brethren, here is notliing, (WiU. lUCIO 19 IlUfclliUgj UUIt Ui llUb'Ullg, V7UU created all things;" and proceeded to" deliver a most desirable discourse upon tho wbiiders of creation. Sir J. Montofioio, Bart., has returned from his journey to tlio Holy Land, whore his' mis sion has beon highly successful. He .'was re ceived by the various authorities at the places ho has'visited with great honor, -and has ob tained from tho Porte groat privileges for his co-religionists. _. Shooicino Homicide. — On Saturday even ing Mr. Jackson held an iuquest on the body of Patrick Crossan, aged 00, who mot his death under the circumstances detailed by tho witnesses. Two young women, named Mullen and Hatton, dopo'sed thnt thoy accompanied dcceasod from Belfast on Thursday ovoning, the 4tli inst. When thoy reached tho bottom of Hannahstown-hill thoy were joined by two brothers, Daniel and Bornard M'Aroavy. Shortly after passing the ohapel tho deceased began to dance on tho road, and to make some jesting observations. Ono of the M'Areavys' used some expression which led to a verbal al- toreation, on which tho doceasod struck him with a stick. Tiie young women, terrified at tho prospect of a fight, ran into a house at hand to request assistance. John Boyle, a servant of the house, swore that on receiving the information of tlio youug women he rau out and found deceased lying on the road and tlio two M'Areavys kioking and boating him with a stick. On his rem: rkitig that they had killed the old man they acknowledged that ". he had got enough," and quiotly wont away. Deceased was bleeding from-n wound on tho head, aud was removed to his house in a cart insensible. : Dr. J. S. Diokson deposed, that he pi'ofbssioually visited deceased early on Friday morning.- Among othor injuries lie found an open wound on the head, into which ' four fin gers could bo passed to a considerable depth. Tho broken pieces of the. skull had been driven into the substance of tho brain, and portions of the latter forced out of and around tho wound. The . poor man was rapidly sink ing, nnd lived only a few hours after, having never rallied., The jury returned a vordict of "Manslaughter against Daniel and Bernard M'Arenvy." The deceased and his assailants were neighbours, residing a little hovond Tole- nnroy-bridge.' The latter have, for the present, escapod ; hut, doubtless, Sergeant Hinds, who has evinced groat activity in having this awful affair investigated, will soon place thorn in tho hands of justice . — Belfast Mercury. A Voyage in a Lonoroat. — Tho South Amorioari uinil brings news of tlio manner in whioli tlio crowof tho Enterprise osoaped. The Eulorpriso was bound from Callao for Queens- towni and left the former place loaded with guano on tho 2Gth of May. On tho 25th of July slio encountered heavy weather, which carriod away lior rudder and otherwise so damaged her stern that she leaked to such a dogrbe tliatit was found necessary to abandon her tho next day. Accordingly, the wholo of the orow nnd passengors took to the longboat, with tho intention of reaching Montevideo, 800 miles distant. During this perilous voy age, in a somewhat crazy boat, Mrs. Gardner was safely delivered of a daughter undor oir cumstnuces of extraordinary privation and hardship, which continued without intermis sion for 14 days — tlio period those unfortunato people wero exposed to tempestuous woather, cold, wot, and thoir food saturated with salt wnfor nml fnv tlio Inct. /lnv nv fwA water to drink. This, added to the havoc that death was making among their small party — 15 in all — must liavo been terriblo. Tho car pontor, Isrnol Fowoll, was the first victim, on tlio 5tli ; William Corio, cook, next ; and after wards William Thompson, hoy. Thoir suffer ings arose from drinking salt water, and even tually madness carried tiiem off. On tho 9th of August tlio Orionte, Captain Antonio, of and from Valparaiso, bound lot Marseilles, fell in with tho sufforers in lilt. 39.30 S., long. 50 W., took tliein on board, and treated them with every kindness in his powor to bestow. On tlio noxt day the hoy James Ladson died. On the 14th tho Orionto spolto tho Cornolia L. Bovan, from Baltimore, houud for Montevideo. Captain Garduor and his party wore trans ferred to lior, and on the 25th of August ar rived safely at Montevideo. At tho hpspitql at this port the hoy Rioliard Olivor died from gangrene in his feet, caused by exposure. Through all this ten-iblo trial Mrs. Gardner and the child- survived, and both are improv-' ing in liealth.- -Ttrnes. The Progress of Lynoii Law. — Crime is. becoming scarcely ' ihoro - abhorrent than its- bastard preventive, lynohing. Indeed, iri the' ulterior it is getting to bo a matter of gravo doubt whothor the pooplo live undor tho laws' of California or tlio precepts of " Judgo Lynch. ' A case of this kind wo find in a lottor published in tho Stookton Bedubliean of J uosday, dated Hill's Ferry, October 20th„- 0865\. The writer says—" Our usually quiet : has been the soeno of cou-: sidorablo excitement during tbo present wook, which terminated last evening iu the summary stispmision on a limb of tho same tree of four individuals, overy way moritorious of that ox- alted position. On last Tuesday evening Information was brouglit to this place, by the iudolatigable Bill Lord, that ho had that . day, encountered four nion ou tho plains, near tho Agna Stilada, who had in thoir possession about ono hundred head of cattle, branded respectively, with the irons of Messrs. Stone, Gould, Wilson, and Montgomery, whioli hs- heliovodto have boon stolen. Notice was at- once given to as many of tlio parties interested as was convenient to do at the time, who' at onco pronounced tho cattle stolon. Seven' resolute men promptly armed and equipped themselves, and started iu pursuit. They re turned to this place on Thursday evening,, with the theiyes in custody, throe of whom' were Mexicans — Francisco Snnclioz, Fran-' cisco Tapia, and Josus Pino— tho fourth a German,, named James G. Lackner. The Mexicans wero captured near tho mouth of Coral Hollow, whero the wholo party had beon quiotly enjoying a breakfast. The prisoners wero strictly cated for until yester day afternoon, 'wlion a comploto investigation of their conduct was had, and their guilt established beyond tho possibility of a doubt. Lncknor, however mado a clean breast, by confossing the part ho had taken in driving off tlio cattlo, aud pronounced his companions oqually guilty with himself; ho also gave it! vory interesting account of a half dozen or more birds of a like fashion, together with thoir nninos, residonces, and othor particulars that will probably load to their arrest; but, - concerning this matter, I will, at present, withhold further particulars. Altogether, lie betrayed such a knowledge of tho outlaws of the country, and familiarity of their acts, that, it placed his eligibility for a rope's ond'heyond tho roach of a doubt. Thoy wore all hung in a ro-.v, at sunset, about a mile above this place.- Nothing transpired uncommon to such trans, actions. Tho Moxicans woro stubborn, cool nnd collcoted, to tho last, making no confes sion, nor manifesting any signs of. penitenoo, boyond asking thoso around to ' pardon them,' and regretting tlint thoy must die without tlio absolving aid of a padre. Lackner had, sovoral times during tho day, displayed great fear of death ; but during the fow minutes preceding Ills vAUUUllUIl| bLUIllCi.1 ivulUUU lO 1119 I&lO;) &(t mitting that ho doserved it, hard as it was. I hope I may not ho deemed an advocate or sup porter of Lynoii law, if I stuto that tho dis- covory of a body of a murdered man, a few weeks since in ono of tho sloughs in this vi cinity, tho recent burbarous aud revolting murder of Anderson Loving, and tho numo reus depredations tlint have lately boon com mitted upon the stook in tho neighbourhood; had well prepared tho minds of the pooplo for the extremity just related, and does much to palliato their deviation from the proscribed laws of the land. Tho execution was nttonded and sanctioned by nlmost tlio entire com munity, all agreeing that tho oxigoucios of tho times plainly indioatod that thoir lives and property could only bo protected by ridding tho country of thoso banded outlaws, whonevor guilt cttu ho firmly fixod unon them. Laokner loft a wifo and four ohilaren, who reside on tho Pulgas Ranch. Shu is a California woman.' — Daily Placer Times, 25th October. Detachments from ovory depot in Ireland whoso corps are stationed in tho Crimea, are held iu immodiate readiness to procoed to tho seat of war and Malta. The strength of tho several detachments will amount to about 50 officers and 1790 lion-ooramissioned officers, drummers, and privates. ' Tlio old custom of lighting up tho mills of Lowoll aud continuing tho work until sovon and a half o'olook in tho evoning, is disconti nued the presont season. Work now ceases at half-past six o'clock; thus giving the opera tives tho uso of tho long oveniugs. 