ESCAPE OF BO LtZINSKI, „THE. , BOHEMIAN MONK. :;;; - A I. utter lately publishocl in" a 'contom- Dovni'y journal, alluding to the oxisting- atvs of "Austria, ns 'affiietod by';tho.;ro'eoiit Concordat,, mentioiis tlio enso of the Bohe mian monk. Borzinskii' anil would seom to imply t'hut) ini oonsequenoo of ?tlie general indignation of . Protestant:' Germany, tbo Austriaur Gpyernniorifc had contrived to allow die eacftph.of tbcii' victiiii; , But tlie 'tvutl'i'iB, 'that'' both tlie ecciosiastieol and .civil authorities, liave; remained, unmoved, ' ,and tlirit; InBtorid of, reoeiving: any 'secret aid from..,..thoiri: iiiinions,itho ».captivo 'has escaped, in spito of their vigiliineo 'through! liis-own doxtority, eoaplecl 'witli 'thoj bn- courngqiriont of; a aympatliisirig ffiend.' TMie aimplo.'facts'of.tlio qase,;,,as,rolatod. by himsplfj.',. havo ; ; been' . ; piihlishcd .. in ; the unrisiian limes, wnieli are hero abridged. It appears that on- tho visitation tit the monastery .by the,, Provineialjpf tho Order; in ;J lily/last, John ; vEvnngolist'; -Borzinski was -, treated, 7 thoughV. imprisoned in1! the mad- houso, as if still quo of. the Brothers of Mercy! The fact of liis >Protoatnritism,' with itB ; eohseqiieiit ' privileges', wis ooin- p,lqtely!,;igiipred, ririd . lie: whs advised to consider ivhat he had- done. "Your vow as a'monk/'i said tlie Provinoiiil, is in- diBsqluble, .nnd;is binding on you as long as you iive." Before leaving, tbo Provincial; also sent o'eanori, Dittrich, to inforin tlie purposo lie would " ne'ver, never, under any condition whatsoever,"1 bo released from' oonfiuonion t j ; " and,-" added ' tlie : canon, "'I quitq agreo in his dotonniriatioti. 1J1VU IIUl UUiaUlIt. up-DUVUllit IlOpGos,' J.UU State.cannot do aiiytliing' for you for tlio .decree givon .by tlio government grunts to priests only; but' riot to' inciribcrs of nn order, .tlie liberty of going'oyer' frqiri'oiie Christiriri confession to another. I do not 'believe you have been received into the .Protestant Churcli.'' On the 8th August the. same adviqo was again tendered, and, .9S.c.B91»i|>ski.(.replyhig./ltlint..il\vliat lie: would do; tliat'ho.had 'already done; tlmt he did-not 'repent the steps ho had taken, .arid 'would die a Protestant, not n Catholic." \- the. Provincial answered, " That it was his '/duty, .then, ' to see that lie1 was never re leased, a!rid. that tlint duty he would strictly, perform." Several . successive interviews witli' different iriembers of the order served, /only to r shoiv more clearly, that tlio law: would hei despised, and that nothing but a , cruel and lingering fate awaited him.:- At: this;juncturo an individual, whom :for obvi-; oris reasons. Borzinski does not pointedly designate, suggested the necessity of escape, arid, after clue consideration, it; was resolved to attempt it.,,The'first attomptlfailed ; the second succeeded ; aud- tlie following is the account in his- own' words, ris translated from the German: — 1 , ' On Monday, October 15, 1 repeated niy htteniptto escape at ttie;window; niul got into the court, but full of- terror/ Such -fear ahd> trcinbliug. huwover, seized me tliat:l conld not move a step, and was obliged- to lie down on tlie giound, in order to rest and take breath. I got up, took otr my boots, and/ although it appeared impossible for me to walk, yet I mouuted tlie staircase leading to . the first fioor, und got to the passage.whore the cells of tlio mouks are situuted,.wliioh I opened with a key 'I hml beeu able to. procure ; .but here, iu this well-known pus- sage, a fearful trembling seized inc.. I went, , or rather sneaked, like.a ghost before tlie doors of the monks of the second and third passage, iu inany'of whose cells thero was still a light burniug, my boots in one hand, aiid iny means fur escape in the other, and iu.thc fourth jjassage to the, window. The rope was quickly fastened to the frame of the window, but in the' greatest fear, for tlie window creaks dreadfully as it is seldom or. never opened. ,1. was .greatly frightened, at perceiving a light in tlie room of the physician of the monastery, distant oniy uboiit two steps from the,;wiudow, and fully expected that on lieariug the noise lie, would run out-of his room and seize me. -I had already determined in such an' , unfortunate . case : to entreat liim '" to let '' me. escape.. Thero wus 110 ' neces- sity. Ho wasV/ perhaps, . reading in bod, or driuking bis glass of beer, and did not enre to put himselfdo tlie least troiible. .Also another brotlicr of the order, whose .room was' only about five steps from the window; did not hear tho noise made on its being opened, aud came not out of his cnll. After my cord was fastened I was ' obliged to look;if there were not persons passing ; for, although the place, is iii general pretty solitary, yet persons meet here from four different sides. In this most 1 anxious position it happened that one person after. , another, passed,' so that I was obliged to wait above a quarter of an hour in the. greatest fear, before I oouhl let myself down from tho window. The great est terror seized mo us I heard the clook strike a ; quarter to tenj for ut ten I: was to lie in . tlia House \ where I was to put on other clothes, because . aftor this tiiiic the house-door would not. bo left longer i open. Where could I go without a covering on my head,1' and' iu a most suspicious dress ? T called,- on' my Saviour in pmyer, - made the sign of the holy cross, took the; rope in-: both hands, and slid down, scarcely knowing, how. I i stood - outside of the lnouastry, but could scarcoly ibelicveiU A look.to lTeaven and a :deep ,sigh of thanks were -my. short jiriiycr. ... With God's help I reached at the propier time tlie house \yhere r was to change my dress, and where soihe of its many iu- ihabitants were, expecting mo with burning hearts. Their faces -flushed with joy as I entered- After a short; conversation I changed my clothes, and made m Yself ready, for ; my journey.. ' At three o'clock in the morning l took a hearty;leave of iny friends and walked slowly through the gloomy. venprahlo .capital of Bohemia towards, the Borzitscher- gate. About half-post four, as, I . was not fur from, the Iuvaliden- lmusi; the diligence which goes from Prague to Reicli- enberg, overtook1 me/ v There were some places empty, aud I got 1 in. : 1' ari-ived at half- past eleven at night at lieicheuberg, and- had not the least .'difficulty the, whole of the way. The next niorhing I took ii carriago to convey me to Friedlaud,-nnd at half-past ten arrived at die house of a good friend, who aucompanied mo over tho froutiers iiilo Prussia." : - : JolnilCvhhgclist'Borziiiski ouua niore breathes freely among Protestant friends, but we regret to add that his brother Ubaldus,',' .Tor' similar olfences, is still Gondemucdto a miserqblo. existence within the .walls of tlie vory mouastry.frpnf which he lias so happily escaped. Nor'is Ubaldus. tlio only, victim of priestlyf.tyrunny .-s'uireriiig, there.. Three others are' montio'ned liy name The/ Augtistin ' monk,' Priest Jbaoliim Zbzule coiifiiied for the lost £2 years hs a inadmau, uUhough in the full possession of liis understanding, aud- without- cpmmUtiug tlio least crime. , Czonverika, priest- oL the Ordea of the Piuri8t8,rwho lms lost liis reason ; from the beatings 'ho has endured.' < He lia9 received ns many strokes as threo iuen could have borne,' aud lias had much to. suftbr from hunger. Spiegel, a scculinr priest, who was chaplain iu the diocese of Prague, and who is said' not to have lived on good terms vfith tlie, cook (mistrcss)'of his parisir priest. Ho was soiit to St. George, in Prague (the House of Correction' foV priests) , and there' threw away his breviary; :tf lie was, therefore, imprisoned as a madman; iu the. Mouastry of the' Brothers of Meroy. ' Hu is now ompletely deranged. ; : ' ir: 