YOUNO POETS OF ENGLAND, JIUIXDWO THK hiaHTHOV0pm] Bullit high tim lighthouse, Arohlfcet, >. ,.,*?<. In beauty, strength, «na might, -i ? f, To Htond 39 a nillir of olouil by tiny, And s pillar of (tra by night. Day and night ita lump of light Shall cnstjtschocrful glow, And on tho wrdoking'rookB its Homo', Like a burning rose, shall blow ; For tilts is a perilous reef, I weon, And danger lnrketb around, -The wreoked have-olunff to it» slippery led«,«, And sobbed, and bubbled, and drowned ; And over their green sea-graves The plunging surges trod, . ' And none boheld their dying gasp , Hut Hie great, onlm eye ur God. Build high the lighthouse, Arohltoot, In boauty, strength,and might, ! ? To shino as a pillar of cloud by day. And a pilltir of lira by night. Last night tho sun want down i Out over tho western sen, ; And thorny clouds bad twinod a crown O'er tho white-browod billows freo. The ohhrllsuj ohill sea-wind' ? ? Shrioked Uko a drowning wail; , And the ahuddoring atara turnod blind, And rooked ni blow the gale. . Thou, rimmed with red, uprose 'The ragged moon; a hungry gloom Crept, Uko a starving wolf, O'er gully, crag, and gulf, As doop und blnok as doom ; And, nestling lu soft down, Tho nwód ohilrtren, lay Awake to bear the storm's heart bent ; Vliile windy suiT and ohilling sleot Hissod in lue gallant fiioos brown Or those upon tho deop. Tue Ughtning from it» cloudy sheath Flashed forth its sword of Uarao - , O'or the vast wilderness of death ; And volloying thunders ring, Horsed on a Aery wing. And thon tho palo moon onmo Hurrying down the stoop. With angor on hor veined brow, ' Like one awoke from sloop. I,o ! thorn a lone ship lay Panting among the wavos, ; , Uko a broken heart ; whero now Her crow hart found their graves. ? Still fought that gallant ship. .With the buttling,maddened sen, With nu immortal scorn , . Of the,barbarian free,' ' On that wreck, n noble boy,¡ i Tho Inat of nil tho,oren-, ]l routh od to lieaven his wild adieu. Death snton his livid Up: ' ] ? W'iint hope the heart oould buoy Of the Inst nf those brave bands WhoHo olasped, while, froicon bauds , .Were rulsqd ta Dod in prayer? Ah, the oruol,cruel son!' < Oh, th a.dumb and pitiless sky ! There were none so lone as he, -And help came never nigh. ; He seemed notilliod to stone,. Arid tho mad waves suokod him down ; Then the consclonoo-striokon malu Onvo up his mangled slain..- - Tho moon looked from her steep. Through the min, and hall, and sleet ; And'tho Sea lay down to Bleep, J.Ike a tignr, ut her foot. , Thtire,build a lighthouse, Arohltoot, - lu beauty, strength, aud might, To shino as anillar of cloud bydoy, And a-plllnrof Aro by night, Tho Arohltoot his model;, ? , , With nicest skill doslgut) ; In its oolosartl forehead Tho orlmien boaonn «hines; " Ho sees the splendid vision rise - O'or waves Uko Alps of snow, And ou tho perilous brink the lamp,. T,tlie a burning roso, shall blow. It* pyramidal simpo uiconds, Strong as n granite wall,... Amid the Homo, tuinulluouj waves, And tho grand sky over nil. -, 1 "Hie thunders grow), the lightnings flash, llnttnlious of billows tinah ; Hut there it stands-thoy cannot stir ,. Tho granito moulded Jupitor. How grand tho mind-that wondrous thing That inounts the sky on llery wing". That spurns the lowly woods and streams, And builds Its palnooaof dreams! Its vast ooriooptiona how sublime! Tbev through eternal oyólos ollmb ;. . Creation's nil.sttipnndous frame. ? The onrved bhio, tho orbed fiante, Tho noouid dny, the mooned night, The starry dark, tho dewy light, Tho star; tho flavor, the wave, tho wind, Ttolloct the grent Ktornnl Mind. As in tho nosrn's mossy cup. Trunk, boughs, and loaves Ile folded up, Within tho'aonl aro all things wrought, »d they become embodied thought. ' -The Oreoiun shrino, tho Indian hut, Vntrlelnn hall, plebeian cot, AU clvllIzlnp powers,aro but ' The forms of Hint we oompnss not. Now the pinn ls designad, In tho arohitcot'H ininti, , With curious art'at cunning skill; And tho work ot longth, Tn ßlorlou« strongth; ' ii ? ,. Will rise o'er the ooeau, tall and atm. T.aunoli tho boats willi u.Joyous shout, " Hurrah, bravo hearts, tho lido ls out ! Hoonp out the mud i ? From the oo¡¡y Hood, Thou down with tho blook On the solid rook. Then caulk and lighten, Ami wold and brighton ; Thon, Jove, thy thunder» orash, Drive, drlvo. rahiihnil and snow; , Then dash, old Neptune, dash, And blow, ISoroas, blow! Hut scarcely the rook ls wedged and soonped, Kre tho tide returns, and the billows dash, And o'er tho dismantled framework crash, With rovel and rattle, retreat and battle,. I.lko an army besieging a town, Viocomeal crumbling down, 'Mid tile loud artillery's munni ; Andi when the rushing full tide swooped, A weltering hnvoo yawned around. On Its HnniHonlan Shoulder« Il lilted the blook* nnd boulders, With novi'r n pauso ; And Into tho foaming cauldron asst lloat and anchor, »eaffuld and mast, Down ohusin* Uko lions' jaws. With a shout anti n roar, I.lko u weed lt tore Th» strong foundation.Mono awny, And tossed the prize to tho ocean gray. A» the monster mused, The men, aghiisi, Looked on us If tlif-v had noun a ghost, ' And auld not n Word, for their toll was lost Tho sun rosa high, 'Clutttl-giilfs among, . And tho Eastern sky , ' î Hurnort rod, like Hull, as lt rode along, Aud tho waves liku blood seethed hot and strand. Ho ready, brave mon, Tn tho work again, Wo will conquer tho waves ,Iiitholr granito onvosl - To tho bouts!. In tho bonU'. l'ly tho onral'ply the oarsl llriiw ny tho amis of the wnrkmeu bravo, Onllntit tho houris of those on the wavo, Whojn terrible roars , , And sonorous notos Muy chant a requiem over their grave.. They nw mnorort by tho rook. In siilto nfthri shook i Of the surges, willoh tttunplo on oorsen, That whiten, and welter, and rollie, Tilko n charging battalion of horses, Vrauolutf through columns In battle. Htnltten and tossed by the wrath of the stir««, in tho sea's blank uhniuis the boats submerge; Tho deep ll wus troubled, It bolled and it bubbled, And Trothed Uko a bruta in a ohnln ; The flotilla of toll, lu tho mad turmoil. Went down for ayo In the dead, cold main., Never despair, but hope and trust. To tlopnlr la to sulk with tho Omi of tho just ; For the son ls tho slnrn Of tho gallant and brave. llrave men, bravo men, Ont with your bunts I to tho work again! . . 'Tis tho triumph or love : Ami the ayn of Jehovah ls watching above. The midden Run swooped through the sombro, gray air Tearfully, tearfully ¡. The haggard Night slunk like an owl to Its lair, : Foiirf tilly, fuarfuuyi. . The Ocean moaned in th» rod mountain-gorge*. Drearily, drearily t ? Tho son-wood ilrlftod nu blaok, lazy aurgos Wearily, wearily ¡ . ? . Not n sob In the waves, not a sigh tn the blast; And tho sealy mousier was uonquarodat last. < The stnues word'oast, And bulled fast, In tho granite tlliH nf Ihn massiv« rook, I.nyor on layer, amt blook on blook, Under tho ooenn grey nnd old. Tho grand Colossus rose, With a form of parfont mould ¡ Ami tho burning roso in the lighthouse blow«, To ultoer the mariners bold. Thu» Freedom wu» renroil, 'Mid tho Heil Hon of blom), When Despots trembled nutt feared. Many went donn, Uko stricken gama, Willi Um martyr's crown And roba of flame, Krn nba tu her glory stood, 'Chou croods wera turu In shreds, Amt orowiiB from royal heads, For truth revolved al longth i Amt with thu right wa) strength, And right ts itll.tllvltie, Th» panilla grandly rose Fruin their lung night's repose, I.lko glnnts frosh from wino t ? , The reeking brand wa« flashed about I tienda wera ont nh*, ami hearts lorn out) The reward nf the,judgment of thought Was thu torrlhlu judgment of (lamo | Hernes' crowns uMhoriia wore wrought, And limit- dnalh was a death uf shame, Pain's wlne-prnss than was thu), In the iiittun of tho king and (lort | i'riests jilted tltuir ghastly truda, Dut Heiren'« wrath only alert ; rf f. And freedom o»'er waa baffle! .«>, >v Jlf flwr.or da», pr »c»rpU( . . -,;vr-!t. «43>i>s/w!x Í ?"».re»m , ...)' I-Jfj i! Auld Wen of wood lu .junmela crept, ' . v JL tllut|(drrah furjlialirate. . '. s U ¿V ! ' Itojmear-thhirtbearUof pld I. ,- . ? ,y , 1 Hurrah for thosflwh<j tamol) the wara, And wrestled, HUblinMlf ¿souled ! Oh ! tho glorious Ininp of Freedom rolo ' In the past, through storm and strife ; ? ~ O'ertho oonunered wayo its gl*ry blows, LiUe a Rose f tho crown of life. , . , . . . , ? , 