MATCH FOR £400 BETWEEN DORA AND VAN TROMP. This contest which it was considered woulc virtually decide tho question of supremacy ir racing matters, between this Colony and Vic torin, wns one of no common interest, and it describing it, wo must therefore trespass at some what greater length than usual upon the pu , ^tience nf our readers. . *. Tho chief honors of the Victorian Turf hac 'been for sumo time pretty equally divided bo tween two horses, Van Tromp, and Tomboy until at last a match wns determined on to tesl tho merits of the rival "cracks", which ended it Van Tromp proving himself the winner-will comparative case. Van Tromp having thus in- disputably entitled himself to be considered thc champion of Victoria, his spirited owners begat to loi.k about for ¡1 fresh field wherein he mighi exercise his prowess, und tempted by the rich- ness of the Liverpool programme, they brought him"tó'Sydney some six weeks back, that kc might have plenty of time for his preparation Nothing daunted by tko prestige which sur rounded the Melbourne'* crack", an offer wa: made to Mr Oreen almost directly after his arrival, to run Vau Tromp with Cooramill ; (bat gentleman however, wisely declined flying at such high game in his first attempt, but upon Mr Charles Roberts jun., volunteering to match Dora against tho champion nf tho sister colony, the proposal was immcdinsuly accepted, and the present match, two miles over Homebush, made. At first m»ny persons (amongst whom we our- selves were included), imagined that the maro W.13 ovormarked, and the odds were in favor of Van Tromp, but tho result hos shown that tho confidence reposed by Mr lioberts and his friends in the mare, was not misplaced ?«* As tiie time for the event to come off drew near, the tido bf publie favor gradually turned and. Dora found moro supporters than her an- tagonist, until in consequence of tho following circumstance us muchas 2 tn 1 was laid on the mare on Saturday hist. Mr Green had brought a man with him from Melbourne to toole after tho horse and ride him, but about a fortnight be- fore the match was tb come off, ho. discovered that this fellow hud been tampered 'with, and could not be trusted to ride; and accordingly as in duty bound, lib wrote to Melbourne for tho party to «onie up who had been in tho habit ol' riding him lhere. This fact having c.me to the knowledge of Mr Green's mun, that worthy found thut he was bowled out in his nefarious scheme, and ho took advantage of his employer going to Newcnslle Races, to leave him without a moment's notice, and when he know lhere w.-is na one to" give the luirse his work. As a matter uf course, for PO vcr ul days Van Tromp hud no one on his back, and Mr Green was exposed to thc risk of having to put a man up at the eleventh hour who bad never seen bim before. The opportune arrival of Mr Wm Laing by the Wonga Wonga on the 30th ult., in accordance with Mr Green's request, certainly obviated the necessity for this last 6tcp, but this can form no excuse for the scoundrelly conduct of the man who de-orted his post at the most critical mo- ment, and. when his doing so could not fail to injure the horse's chance. The above facts soon became publ cly known, and caused thu advance- ment of Dora in tho betting to^vhich we have above alluded. I Monday morning broke gloriously for th« de- cision of the all-important event, and though thc alteration in thc hours nf depurture nf tho trains caused considerable confusion, and disappointed many who hud intended goi-g by the one which left at 12 o'clock wo found a goudly muster on tho platform awaiting the stuning of the '.special" at 11, and on our arrival nt Cutts we could havo fancied that one of tho regular meet- ings was about to' bo hold, so great was the con- course there assembled from all parts of tho country, and including some of every class, not even excepting tho " cigar and a light'" division, who wore ably represented hythe " Literary. Dustman". ' Two o'clock was the hour name for tho start to take place, and tho . interim wa passed agreeably in discussingjthc "good thing of thia lifo", and a variety of tcholatlio enter taiiiments, but little speculation tunk place abott thc match, the few transactions that were efl'ectci being at tho rates of 10 to 7 and 4 to S on Dora As soon as Van Tromp appeared, ho became a onco " the observed of all observers", and varioui wore the comments passed upon him; some pto. nouncing him to be "a plum", and others say in; that he was "as stiff as a post-horsu",aud badu'ti ghost of a chance; tho majority we must ir fairness state, expressing their approbation o: his" form and appearance. Tho weighing anti other preliminaries having been got over, th( two animals came to the Post to start 'or A MAI OH . for JE20O aside ; two miles orel Homebush race course Mr C. Roberts' jun. b m Dora, aged; Sst 911), (Willis). \ ? A. Green's' b g Vun Tromp; aged, . Dst 91b, (Laing). 2 Betting at starting: 10 to 6 on Dora. : Some few minutes wore "cut to .waste" in consequence of -thc fractiousness of Dora, but as soon as'Cutts got them into linc, ho gave tho signal, and tho pair dashed away together. Van Tromp leading for tho first 4 or 5 stridos, and thoreby winnini the bets that were laid that Dora wouldn't take the lead and keep it.. Before they .had gone six lengths from the starting-po9t, tho Mulhuurno hero was compelled to follow vir Donaldson's example mid "resign the Premier- ship*', Dora going on with tho running at a tre- mendous paco, with Van Tromp lying about three lengths from hor. In these positions they came round the bottom .tum, and into tho straight running, when Laing made an effort .to improve his position, and brought his horse's head almost tu the mare's quar era, but was no* able to get further; and by tho time they reached tho Grand Stand the first time, after going three quarters of a milo, it was clear that Van Tromp was already in difficulties and that barring acci- dents Dora must witt. Beforo they got to the top corner, l.niug had to shake his whip ac Van 1 romp to koop him in the samo position, while Dora was sailing,along with all the case im- aginable, carrying Willis in her mouth. From this point the Melbourne horse fell away visibly, and when tlioy Carno to tho hill thu mnro con- tinued at the samo paco but tho boree seemed completely beaten and in'spite of his jockey'» attempts to rouse him with whip and spur, drop ped farther behind at every stride. Of course thc ruco was now over, as all Dora had to do was to canter on at her Icisuro, which sho did, winning at last hyhairadozcn lengths.and pull- ing up as fresh ns when she started, and without eithor sweating or blowing. Tho hollow style . in which the match was won created n good deal nf disappointment, for though of course tho ma- jority of those present .were pleased that their own Colony proved victorious, they would have prefeireil seeing a better ruca for it. Groat dif ferenco of opinion was expressed after tho race as to the causes which could have lcd to n horse who had performed so well in publio ns Van Tromp, being so easily defeated by a mare who though known to he good, was by no means tho best'of our New South Wales race horses. Mr Green who had trained tho horse, and whose opinion ua<t of coursa command respect, de- clared that his horse had never been better in his lifo than be was on Monday, anti we can quito believe that his condition wns ns good as his doubtful pins.would allow it to bc made, when tho long drought and the consequent hardness of thc ground is taken into account. It was evi- dent however, that Vun Tromp's legs are not" what they were, for ho could not move where tho course was very hard. Tho paco at which Dorn led him too for thc lin-t milo, (her. "undorstau ?. ings" hy. the way would seem to ho a combina- tion of whalebone and cast iron,) no doubt dis- appointed the horse, for she regularly cut him down, nor ever give him an opportunity of get- ting tho lead again after ahe had once deprived him of it. Van Tromp'is a nico little horse, and on. a. softer course may yet prove himself a dangerous customer, but if he was really in his best form on Monday, and thnt our Victorian neighbors have no better horse on their ride of the Island, they area long way behind ns, as a stone in weight would not certainly have brought tho two animals together. The blackguard boy who left Mr Green's service as we have men- tioned aboye, having thought proper before he bolted from the Colony to state that that gentle- man had neglected his horse, wo may at once and of our own knowledge denounce this as a arose falsehood. What a man could do to bring an animal to the post right, .Mr Green did for Van Tromp, and whatever may have been tho canse of his not running os was expected nb blame can by any possibility attach itself to that gentleman. As to Dora's condition, it was universally admitted that she had never in her life looked so fit to run as abe did on Mon- day, in fact tho was at tho " top of the tree", and we question much whether all the Scotts nnd Days in the universe could have made her any better; ber appearance and running reduct the highest credit upon Willis who trained and ro<le her. We should,in justice observo that Mr Laing did everything that an experienced " workman" could do to turn the.fortune of the day, but it was a case where no amount of sci cntific.jockeyship could have altered tho result. The limo waa stated to have been 3min. 52scc. but this wo do r.ot credit; it was timed by a very good judge and old sportsman, with a stop- watch to have been 4min. 33sec, and this we believe to have been about the correct time, as although thc commencement of thc race was run at n good pace, tho latter part was very slow. In the evening a large party, principally friends of tho winner, sat down to an excellent spread at tho Mayor Inn, Pitt-street, which was served in Most O'Brien's usual t-tyle, for which he is so famou-i, and the sport of the day was thus brought to a successful conclusion by a con- vivial and "right morry" evening. 1 ho stakes were paid «vcr on Tuesday mor- ning at tho Mayor Inn, when some heavy bets were laid about tho approaching Liverpool me ting. Mr Ward took £10 to £5, £50 to £25, and £100 to £50, that Little Wondor beat Cooramill for ibo Cup at L'verpool, in the order in which they pass tho post, P.P. Offers were afterwards miidc to take £10 to £8 that Little Wonder heat Veno or Ackbar. LtVERrooi. RACES. - We beg to call the atten- tion of all panics interested to the fact, that tho entries for tho ahovo meeting, close on Monday , next, by which day they must bo forwarded under cover to tho Hon. Sec.encl sing entrance, entrance feC3, sweepstakes and qualification. We would also remind our sporting friends that no person is allowed to enter a noise nt Liver- pool except for tho Mack or-Ponj ötnbna -tmlr.ss .» oub.itiiber to tlie omountof Ji'i. Tho weights for tho Freo Handicap will be declared in our issue of next week. THE LIVERPOOL CUP.-We have this week been favored with a sight of the Liverpool Cup. presented by William Randle Esq..and which is to be contended for at the approaching races. Whoever is fortunate enough to win it, will be able to boast of as elegant and appropriate a specimen of Colonial art as any we have yet seen. Mr Randle's handsome donation is of solid silver, weighs about 80 ounces, and is valued at 100 guineas. The embellishments of the stem and sides of theo cup, represent the ani- mals indigenous to the Colony, the Kangaroo, Emu, and Opossum, the latter peeping out of a hollow tree, up which an aboriginal is climbing to capture it; there are in addition a variety of sporting designs, and a race horse mounted forms a fitting ornament for the lid of the cup. The workmanship of this very handsome piece of plate reflects the highest credit upon the manufacturers Messrs Hogarth and Erichsen, and will cause a still greater amount of interest than would otherwise be felt by the various competitors for the principal event of the forth- coming Liverpool meeting. CAMDEN RACES.-Owners- and Trainers of horses must not forget that tho entries for tho X'amden Races close on Wednesday next tbe "loth instant. The course is in splendid order, and no doubt can exist but that the Camden meeting of 1856 will be a most brilliant one. RUMORED SPORTING MATCH.-We hoard a whisper the other day at Homebush, tothe effect that a sporting match was likely to come off at Liverpool between Mr A. Hose's "White Billy" and Mr E. Puytcn's "Low Crown". White Billy from his breeding, being by " tho Docker" ont of" Pill-Box", is thc favorite at great odds. 