ST. PAUL'S CHURCH, WEST MAITLAND. The ceremony of laying the foundation atone of this oliurch was performed ou Tuesday after- noon, by the Lord Bishop of Newcastle, the Rev. J. R. Thackeray assisting. The weather was very favorable for the out- door portion of the proceedings, to witness and take part in which a large number of the oon gregration, and residents in Maitland generally, had assembled. The evening servioe having been read by the incumbent, tho Rev. J. R. Thackeray, in the temporary.ohurob (the Grammar Soliool), whioh was well filled on the occasion, the congregation followed the Bishop and Mr. Thackeray to the site of the intended building, where tbestone waa slung in preparation. Some appropriate selec- tions from soripture were then read, and amongst the prayers offered was the collect for the conversion of St. Paul. A bottle containing copies of the Northern Timet and Maitland Mercury, with the usual outline of proceedings, was next placed in a cavity cut for ¿ho purpose. HU lordship then went through the customary formalities, and on the stone being lowered into its place aaid, " I lay thtB, the foundation and corner stone of a ohuroh, to be called the Church of St. Paul, and to be dedicated to the service of the Oatholio faith, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of tbe Holy Ghost." After a abort prayer for the Divine blessing on the undertaking, the Bishop prooeeded to offer a few words of counsel in referenoe to the carrying out of the work begun that day. It was the teaohing of Soripture, he said, that our duty was to pray that the blessing of God might attend such works at the beginning, during their progress, and, bringing them to a happy completion, to rendor them blessings to those around. The work then commenced, waa, indeed, one that required the aid of God's Holy Spirit. It was a great work, and a work of necessity. Those who hud for years past resided in Maitland, and been attendants at St. Mary's Church, must have been painfully sensible how necessary it was ; and now tbat the advantage of a temporary ohuroh in tho Grammar Sobool bad been felt, and a congre- gation had been colleoted there, the necessity of new accommodation was still more clearly shown. After some remarks suggested by the psalm read, showing the earnestness of David when contemplating tbe building of a house for the Lord, the Bishop prooeeded to the consideration of the kind of spirit in whioh auch a work as the one then oommonoed should be entered on, referring to incidents in the life of St. Paul whose name was attaohed to this ohuroh-for an exemplification. That apostle, by the exceeding value whioh he placed upon tho goBpel and its promises, and by his low estima- tion of earthly things, which led him to give up all, aud count all for loss, for the oause of Christ, set an example it were well to follow. And with regard to the use to be made of the ohuroh, when erected, the life of St. Paul afforded rauob instruction also. His first utter- ance in his conversion, "Lord, what wilt thou have me to do?" taught us a lesson of activity; his conduot when it was said of him, ''Behold, he prayetb," was worthy the imitation of all who Bhould hereafter enter this building, und then it would, indeed, bo made a "houso of Erayer." It was his fervent wish that it might s found by many to be " the house of God, the very gate of Heaveu."_ After the close of his addresB, the Bishop pronounced the bonediotion, and the assembly dispersed. The following ia a copy of the document referred to, as enolosed in the cavity of the foundation stone. ST. PAUL'S catraou, WEST MAITLAND. The Fouadeiion Stone of tills Church waa laid, In tlio name of the Father, Son, and lloljr Olio«, on TuusUoy, tlio Sltrtl dny al September. 1850, A.D., by the ltlilit ltev. the Lord Bishop ol tlio Dlocose. Victoria, U.U., Queen et Grose britain and Ireland, F.D., 18B7. Sir William Donison, Knight, Governor QensrnJ of UM Australian Colonie«, 1855. Lord Bishop of tlio Diocese, tho Itlght Kor. William Tarroll, 1)1)., 1847. Incumbontoftho Parish, the Rot. JomcsU.Thackeray, M.A. Acting Warden of tbo Parish, Edward Peler Copper. MEiipcna or OOHÜIITBE. Edward Peter Copper, Goorgo loo, Triusurer. Blehord Stork, I Murk 8, Christian. William Woiio. Tlinmua I'.vun». Alcixnnder Wllhlnion. Eiyali Hart. Bov. J. It. Thnoueroy, Jlcujamln Leo, junr. lion. Sec. Architect.William White, Esq. Head Minter or tho Grnmraur Solmol, W. K, Colyer. Tutor, John Boroorvllle. The eburoh, we are informed, will bo of the middle pointed style, of bj ¡ok with stone faoingi, and ,w¡ll consist of a nave, transepts,chancel, and tower at the weat end. The length of the' church, from chancel to tower, will be 118 feet; that of tbe transepts 75 feet. The tower will be 12 feet square, and the depth of the chancel 13 feet. The church will seat nearly 5U0 on the ground floor ; and tbe addition, when required, of galleries at the western end of the nave, and in the transepts, is provided for. The windows, which are to be in rolled and stained glass, will be procured from England. The church will be seated with open benches. The completion of the church is expeeted to take place within twelvo montbB ; and at the end of that time an edifice of taste and sim- plicity will be added to the list of the publio buildings of Maitland. 