ONE MII.E BOUNDARY. An fu\journed meeting of tlie committee was held 011 i Thursday evening: nt the Quartz Miner's Anns, to re ceive the sheets of signatures to the Memorial, and also the Subscription Lists which were out. Mr. lienson in the chair. Owing to the absence of the Secretary, Mr. Clutter, who. was oil a visit to Heathcote, Mr. Povvniill was authorised to act in his stead, and after considerable discussion the committee adjourned until Tuesday next, at six o'clock, p.m. A Danqerous Max-trap.—We wish to call the atten tion of pedestrians, who may have occasion to make a night journey across Pike's Bridge, to the existence of a large hole at the rigli t-liaud corner of the bridge, pro ceeding from Pall Mali. This hole is large enough to admit of the passage of a man or horse into the stream beneath. We aro well aware that, the trap to which we allude was caused by the recent Hoods, but still there is no excuse for our Municipal Council allowing so great a thoroughfare to remain in so dangerous a state. A word to the wise 13 sufficient. We trust we shall soon see this bridge in such a state as to render any appre hension with regard to life or lim impossible. A Manure Depot von Sandhurst.—We are very glad to see that the remarks we made yesterday upon this subject are beginning to have the desired eifeot. At the Police Office yesterday, Mr. Townsend, the Inspector of Nuisancus, commenced his busiuess in real earnest by bringing up three persons who had been guilty of breaches of the Sanitary portion of the Towns' police Act. The Bench, in adjudicating upon these cases, remarked that the nuisance referred to was a very com moa one and they weic determined to suppress it if pos sible, An-qthkh Item fob the Budget.—Yesterday nftcr 110011 the neighborhood of William-street was alarmed by tlio slirieks of n well dressed female, who, ill attempt ing to'ccoss opposite,to Stcanc's oofl'eo roasting establish ment, suuk up to her waist in a bog liole. Mr. Stennc, in connexion with a neighbor, with much diffloulty ex tricated her. This needs 110 coinmout. Mechanics' Institute.—At n meeting of the provi sional committee, held Inst evening, it was rosolvod:— " Tlmt one-third of the Exhibition Building bo imme diately fitted up ns a library and loading room; and that Messrs. Hartley, Watson, and Buurnu, bo empowered to put this resolution into force.'' The Weather.—Tlio weather yesterday appeared to have cloared up, for there was a clear sky, without any appearance of moro rain. Appearances are nut, hovj i"vprt (0 bp relied on and there is no coi'tuiu indication yet that tlio "rains have nltogother passed away. At night there is a wry hoavy fog on all the lower grounds, r.nst niaht some liptht showers of rain fell. Sandhurst Savings' Bank.—Tlio Government Gu zetlu of the 10(h instant, a^nonnpc^ 1^4 the Auditor, tyr. Janjcs S. Skinner, will attend at the Bnnk o,u the 7tlj, 8th nuil U.tU of July, froiu ten till three o'clock, on one of ivhicb days depositors, as required by the Act, must atteucl with their pass- books fpr t)ip purposo ol' tl]pii' juspeptod anil verillod by tho boots of tho Institution. Title Deem.—The following Deeds have been for wurded to the Treasurer for delivery to tho grantees on receipt of'* the established fees thereqi). T^wn Lot Tjacd, d«t«d l(Hh ftlny, J(ohn D. Unr&gwannth;, quc rood, I'leathcbto.' Ooimtry Lots— Loekwood D.ee.ds, dated lllth April, Richard Owens, three lota, of one ncre each ; Denis Caliill, one lot of one acre. Deeds da^ec^ J7(li April, Dennis Oaliill, flvp la(s, respeotfteW qf 1ft,, Or, 10p„' Sr. 36n.. Sir. ftii., In. 3r. 12p.; Kiohani Owens, one lot of'ouo ri'oro j Alox, Onmcroii) three lota, two of one ncr» each, a third of In, 3lip.; David M-Intyro, threo lots, two of one acre ouch, ft third of lu, 2r. 7p.; Edward Doldiug, four lots, two of ono aero (Mich, one of Or, 2'*^, ono of ;)r. 27p. : Itobert M'Qliislmu, foiir lo^j, hyo of ojio uaru eaohj nvo of iir. 23p. eaah; Cornelius Cross, ' ono lof. of ono acre; Martin Butler, jun., two lots, one of ono acre, ono of !lr. 2'2p.! James Broadway, one lot of •If. 23p. Ravenswood—Doed dated April l'llthi Henry Holmes, (eu acres. Aliimlurnng—iieed dutail April llltli, Abraham Woltl', twenty acrejj, Tub Hau.wav Survky.—The surveyors Imvo reached town. The line crosses Irish Town, and passes com pletely through the house of Air. Brigg^ there, Thenoo it is to ho L'urrjoi) under the ran ye on the Towning Hide of the Mnlwnrreo, debouching upon the plains beyond Lttuaduwno. It is understood the survey will shortly he continued as far ns Yass,—OhramvU, One Mii.i: Uouxdahy Question*.—At n meeting lately held at the Ovens on tliis subject, the following resolutions were iinmiimoii.sly carried :—" That ft com. mitlee lie appointed to ilmiv tip ft petition to tlie Legis lutive Council to repeal the lnw referring to business licenses not being granted, after (lie expiration of nix months, within one mile of purchased hinds, and tlnit the petition be forwarded to the member representing 119 in tln> legislative Council." "That the reply from Govern ment to our remonstrances upon (he question of busi ness licenses on Crown Lands is unsatisfactory,.and we still protest against the- policy and right of Govern, inent to introduce such a measure amongst us, and we will still use our utmost efforts to obtain its repeal by the legislature of the colony.1' •' That it is desirable to form ourselves into a committee, for the purpose of get ting up a petition to the Legislative Council, to repeal the law relating to business licenses," " That.a meet ing in connection with the object, bo called in the town ship of Beecliworth.-' PnESBriEnjAX Ciiuiwtr.—The James Nisli preached ou Sabbath last'at the Wodlshed, the Wesleyan School room, Ford-street, and nt Nino Mile Creek, at the Ovens. A Hint tor Sandhurst.—The Ovens and Jftimi/ Advertiser says—" The clock purchased with the sub scriplions lately raised in Beeehworth, is now on the road, mul may be expected in n few weeks. The dial is two feet in diameter, and tlic price was £30. The clock will'.be fixed iu a turrot wliicli is to be erected over the Post-office. Madame Lola : Moxtbs.—This eccentric, lulventnr ous, and talented artiste arrived ut Newcastle 011 flit 18tli instant from Sydney, and immediately embarked on board of the Jane E; Falkcnburg, for the purpose of proceeding to San Francisco.—People's Advocate. The Ciiy is stii.i. they Come.—An Adelaide paper has the following piece of intelligence, which possesses considerable interest to ns:—"Up the Muhiiav.— About 300 Chinese will leave in the steamer Leiehnrdt, 011 Saturday next, for Maiden's Punt vn route to the diggings."—The destination of these enteprising Celes tials is evidently Beidigo, and the. announcement of their probable arrivul will, no doubt, be very interesting to our storekeepers. There would appear to he 110 pos sibility of keeping these interesting Celestials out from the diggings. If the door is shut they scramble in at the window. Cior,D SeizUhes.—The Albury correspondent of tlx* Advertiser writes:—." There has been another heartless .deprivation of gold dust and Sydney sovereigns by.the customs officer at Wodonga, from some nnfortunnte tra vellers. lie very kindly offered, as lie usually does in such cases, to write to lfe'n'd- quarters detailing the cir cumstances; but although several letters have been son; down, vet" no one lias ever heard of a reply being re ceived, or the money returned to the victims. When is this to cease ? It is only the ignorant and honest who are thus deprived of their hard earnings. Indeed, in most cases they have walked innocently into the lion's month, for the purpose of paying the export duty; whilst the man who is determined to smuggle has every chance of doing so; there is no instance of such having been caught. There is very little gold brought into Albury, the price here generally ruling lower than at Becehworth, owing to the risk and distance it has to be , carried to Goulburn to meet the escort." Matrimonial.—By those gentlemen who are in a position to .iudge, we are informed that the marriages on Bullaarat are at the into of thirty a week.—Star. Good N::ws, If True!—It was reported in town yes tardily, that a tremendous " rusli" hud been made :U Mount Ararat, close to Mount William, ntid tlmt the diggers were very successful. It was also reported that potatoes were selling up there at £20 per ton, which we hope, for the sake of the fanners, is true. Several per sons left this district for the above diggings iui mediately. The most dazzling statements have been made, but as yet wo put but little faith in them.— Vnrrmnnbool E.vn miner, of Tuesday. Theatre llor.ir..—On Wednesday evening " Norma,' the masterpiece of Bellini, was produced iu n complete form for the first time iu Melbourne, with a success which entirely throws into the shade all former efforts to attain that object. Thanks to the able directorship of Madame Anna .Bishop, and the liberal management of Mr. George Coppiu, " Norma" has been put on the stago with all the aids which a powerful cast, an efficient baud, a large and skilled chorus, and scenery and stagn appointments of extraordinary excellence are capable of affording.— "Age." . . Original Poetby.—The engrossing importance of the forthcoming election of a Councillor in the room of Mr. S. Jones has inspired it poetic genius with the following lines. As it would be a pity that they should not see tlie light, and we are partial to encouraging native talent, we give them insertion :— coming EVENTS. The French Empress, as yet, lias not got a sou— In sncli a report could there be any fun, 5 But of more import to this township we liud ■. The place to lill up—Shadruch Jones has resigned. View Point lias bronght'ibrward a mail good and trim, Befitting (he Council, a Bolus will do; And Pall Mall declares iu this heavy weather,— For the bad roads there is nothiug like leather; Hilt Cits of tlic East, in their wisdom decide, That leather had heller remain in his hide; And that Bolus; when frightened at his own ghost, Could not be a match for the Criterion Host; And shouting was heard nil around Market Square, Mnnrteliclc, Councillor, soon will be Mayor 