BALLAARAT. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) 18th March, 1856. ST. PATRICKS DAY.— Yesterday, being St. Patrick's Day, was observed by a large portion of our citizens as a holiday, and although, the wea- ther was very unpleasant, yet it did not much in- terfere with their sports and pleasures. From an early hour crowds of diggers were to be seen bus- tling about in all directions, wearing shamrocks in their hats,— the natural emblem of old Ireland,— appearing in high spirits and on good terms with every one. It was pleasing to witness so many hundreds of industrious, well- dressed people enjoying themselves, and I am happy to say in a manner too that few could find fault with. In the evening several balls and other entertainments came off and were well attended. .Altogether St. Patrick's day on Ballaarat passed over very agree- ably, and, with a few exceptions, our Irish fellow citizens conducted themselves in a yery friendly and creditable manner. CHARLES GAVIN DUFFY, Esq.— A meeting of the friends of this gentleman was held yesterday afternoon, in the Prince Albert Hotel, Bakery Hill, for the purpose of taking steps to co- operate with the Melbourne Central Committee, appointed to raise £2,000 as a property qualification to Mr. Duffy. Owing to the inclemency of the weather and other causes the meeting was not largely at- tended, and after electing a Provisional Committee and transacting some other minor business, the meeting was adjourned until further notice. The recent arrival of Mr. Duffy in this colony has caused some excitement here. The important part which Mr. Duffy took in the affairs of his native country, both as an editor and as a statesman has led many to view his arrival in Victoria, as a valu- able acquisition to its people, and to hope from his well- known ability and political integrity that his services may he made available to the popular in- terests, as a representative in our New Parliament. The movement which has been set on foot by Mr. Duffy's friends, to provide him with a freehold of the value of £2,000 to qualify him for entering St. Pat- rick's Hall, is looked upon by all classes as a judicious one, and from the interest which is manifested in it, it is likely to prove successful. Mr. Duffy, in his place as a member of the British Parliament, did good service to this colony by assisting in get- ting many of the obnoxious clauses struck out, of the New Constitution ; and from the part which he took in the discussion on that important docu- ment there is every reason for supposing that if returned to the New Legislature, he will use his influence to get the property qualification clause altogether repealed. Mr. Duffy is essentially a man of the people. He has known what adver- sity is, and has only attained to his present high position by the severest mental study. Mr. Duffy by his sterling abilities, his liberality of senti- ment, his love of liberty and his faithful and un- flinching advocacy of the rights of his country, has won the respect and esteem of all good men. GARDEN PRODUCE.— The soil in the neighbor- hood of this goldfield is, I believe, unsurpassed for richness. Since the land was sold, hundreds have become settlers upon it ; and cultivation has been carried on to a great extent. Some have turned their land into farms — others into gardens, and the amount of produce derived from both these sources is truly astonishing — especially so from the latter. The gardens in the neighborhood present a fine healthy appearance, and are yielding rich returns to the enterprising proprietors. The demand for all sorts of vegetables is very large, but I am happy to say the supply is almost equal to it, and by another year there is every prospect of a super abundance. With such facts as these, and a host of others, which I know the gardeners near Sand- hurst could add to them, staring us in the face, I think the squatters will have some difficulty in persuading us that the lands of this colony are not adapted for agricultural purposes. THEATRES.— At present there is no want of places of amusement here. The Victoria and Mon- tezuma Theatres, capable of holding, between them, 1800 persons, are open every evening, and generally well attended. Since Madame Lola Montes left, the " Baccus Minstrels." have been the great attraction at the Victoria, and at the Monte- zuma. Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Holt are the " stars." Several minor places of amusement — such as con- certs, bal masques, &c.;— are open nightly, and are pretty well supported. THE LEGISLATURE.— So then our learned sena- tors have thrown the question of Mining on Pri- vate Lands overboard, as an alarmed crew would do within the cargo of their ship, when in the midst of a storm, to save themselves. They have given credence to the statement of the hon. member for Castlemaine, Miss Wheeler, " that the diggers were not desirous of following leads of gold through private property,'' and have acted accord- ingly. Well, is it surprising that they should do so ? What could the people expect from such a set of selfish, scheming adventurers. Three fourths of our present legislators are men who are interested in the progress of this colony about as much as General Tom Thumb is ; and if they can only get time and peace to amass a certain amount of wealth, will be quite indifferent whether the colony goes to the d———l or not. Having by their extravagance and impolitic legislation driven Victoria to the verge of Bankruptcy, and alm0st precipitated it into a civil war, they are not satis- fied, but must cap the climax to their madness by cavalierly burking a question upon which the very existence of the miners as a class, and the peace and welfare of the colony depend. Now that the Legislative Council have virtually refused to settle the question of Mining on Private Lands, what steps, do the miners intend to take ?— tamely to submit to the present neglect, or energetically to urge the question upon the Government, and insist upon a solution. In keeping with the whole conduct of the Le- gislature is their vote of £1,800 of the people's money to ex- commissioner Wright, as compensa- tion for the contemplated loss of his lucrative situation. This official has not cost the colony enough already, by his mal- administration, and the Council, of course, must expend a little more on him. He is a big man, and cannot be allowed to lose anything, so, therefore, must receive com- pensation. Where were the members for the gold-fields then ? Why did they not make their voices heard, and protest against such an insult to the community ? The poor clerk, however wor- thy, may be dismissed a thousand times, and, I venture to say, it would be a long time before he would receive compensation. " There is one law for the rich, and another for the poor," so one would imagine, from the different way in which they are treated. Well, thank heaven, the pre- sent Council is near giving up the ghost, and it is to be hoped that there is sufficient patriotism in the colony to secure "good men and true " to truly represent us in the new parliament. Mean time, how is the question of mining on private lands to be settled ? THE WEATHER.— Since my last, the weather has changed a little. There have been several falls of rain, but it is still very warm, it is disagreeably so. From appearances more rain is anticipated. THE MINES.— I will give you a long mining report in my next. The last escort took down to town upwards of 28,000 ounces, so that you will be able to judge from that what is doing here amongst the miners. Gold, £3 18s. 9d. 