' VICTORIAN DIARY. , < i; , i Saturday, Ap«l 12tli» . , - Assault in Flinders Lahe.— /At the Oity i Court,, John -Boss and James Cousins, two ruffianly characters, .wore charged' by-Alexan der Taylor with assaulting and attempting to roblliiiji in Flinders lane, at about nine on tho ! previous evening; . The oompiainu. b mm mate wero coming down the street, the formei a little in adynneo, when lie , was stopped, by the two prisoners. ' Some altercation took plaeo -which Cousins, suddonly . brought to a coiialu- 'sioirby .saying lie would givo the prosecutor " a Glasgow touoli, " at . tlie, same instant giving liimi " a skelp on one side, of the bead, which knocked him stupid." " Two. detectives coming -lip at the moment tlio,. prisoners were givu» into custody. "'The'officors stated in court that Boss and- Cousins were men of bad character, and. that they lived in one of the lowest board ing houses of the street, in- whioh' tlio' assault '.was committed.. -The prisoners wore ordered off to ,'gaol for, tiyo months and one montli re- spectively;-: -Age, , ,7 A complimentary uinner was given iu uiu , 'American Consul . at . the Criterion Hotel, Bondigo. ' : „ , ' . New Total Abstinence A new association for tlio. promotion1 of tlio cause of temperance has licon formed. . It is called the :Gdod: Samaritan Total abstinence Society ; the > « . .. iltn PpntaDtnnt. TTftll.. -nrst- meeting wu» ,««« «» .«« Yj .The"htteudfthce wrs not so numerous as could have have 'boon' desired, but. those who. were present : proceeded to the .election of: ofliee- ieai-ers for the year.' The' distinguishing fea ture of this sooioty from tho association .which holds ' 'its meetings in tho Temperance Hall is the promotion of. Christianity, in connexion with totaVabstineneo. ' Tlie meeting was there-, fore commenced with devotional exercises.— The Amphitheatre. — Saturday, , night I .brought to a oloso tho theatrical season at this, house,' when' the performances were for the benefit of Mr. Coppin. Tho house was well: filled. '"At the dose of tho performance Mr., Ooppin thus ' addressed ' the audience .. -Ladies and Gentlemen,— In thanking you | forivoiir patronage oil the present occasion, I must express my regret that tlio , .experiment to establish a' low price of. admission litis wroved unsuccessful.. In a.:. fortnight Jishnll take my departure with , Mr, G. ,Y.. Bwokg en rouioto California; hut I, assure; you 1 shall ever rememtier with'' feelings', of. gratitude the many favours I have';rooeiyed at the. hands ot my Melbourne friends"— Age. ' . .i; : M6NhAY,:'Ldth'' ' Ooppin's Olympic. -Hl'lte bill of fare for I Monday evening,. as; might- bo expected, pro- .duced the most, orowded , house. we have for some r time ., witnessed; . . The evening a- enter- tainmerits commenced with the old-.1 English comedy " The Itoad to Ruin,' 111 winch, it is but iustice to say, that every ouo. of the characters did tlieir;parts admirably. - 1 ho ex travaganza, " This House to bo Sold, . fol lowed; , The throe scenes, prepared express y foi- the piooe.hy' Mr,' Pitt; were ; exoeedmgly well painted, and, as .presented, blioitod rounds of applause. Tho first soone consists ot Shak- sneaio's House at Stratford, with a notification upon the door that it is in the market. Chop- ktn's; Grimshaw, aud Tiffin enteiv: -The. con versation turns upon the success of the Shak- speriah 'drama in Molb'ouvno. ChoplanBS friends urge him to " seek his inn," bnthe.de, oides upoii inspiring himsolf by a niglits lodg ing in the birth-place of tlio immortal bard. He knocks, and iB admitted by Mrs. Jarratt, the lady of the mansion (Mrs, Thomson), when tho second scene .is disclosed. A ibustiOf Sh'akspeave is placed on a pedestal on one side bhairs and tables of antique "fashion occupy tho floor, and the bed upou which Chopkius reclines, complete tho fittings of tho apart- inent. He dozes, and shortly Shakspeaie (Mr. B.'Younge) enters and engages in oonyersa- tion with Chopkins. Ho summonses tho prin- cipal oharactors in his plays, who dispose themsolvos in a oirole around him. Othello (Mr. Rogers) appears as anEthiopian minstrel with a banjo ; Mrs. Brougham as Lady Mac beth, holds conversation in as broad Scotch as she can muster with Mr. Gordon, as her hus band. Mr. Murray throws a comic vein into Hamlet ; Mr. Leslio reproduces. Falstnff, Miss Herbert does Desdeinona, and Mr. Edwards the Ghost, -A danco succeeds, and at Cock crow all vanish; Chopkins rises sleepily from his couch, and finds that all has been a dream. His friends enter, the scono shifts and discloses a beautiful allegorical group, witli Shokspoaro leanmc on a podestal in tho centre, his prin cipal characters closo by, and Ariel (Miss I Clifiord) floating aloft. This scone is especially beautiful, and deserves the warmest approba tion The overture to the pieco is a medley of \- the airs in the Tempest, Hamlet, uud other plays, and is exceedingly well ammged 1 he incidental music consists of old Englishes. among wliioh we detected " Chevy Chase. Wo confidently prodict for this spectacle a length- 1 eried run'; if it bo oonsonint with Mr. Coppin s plans to permit its repetition,— Age. ..Tuesday, Apiul 16 th. ""Mri: 'William Findlay was deolaved duly eleotod as a counoillor for the East Golling- wood ward. Mr. Jaukson, ttio losing candidate .has- entered. a pro test agaiiist the return whioh lias boon made. _ ' 1'lie usual montlily mooting of the llulo- sophioal institute was held. : Wednesday,' ArniL 10th; - ' ; _ I Tho -dgeihas the following concerning this .celebrated aotor, whom,' it' would seem, we are, 1 i-» n nllnwofl. tn -wHlaome -hbl'O i— ' ' "Mb. G. V. Brooke.— Mr. Brooke intends to give a round of lus chief characters at the Olympic, previous to his departure for Califor nia- with Mr; Coppin. /This night be .will impersonate IVivginius, duidiin sueoessionftill tho 12th inst., the following other characters in which ho lias gained oolobrity :— Sir Patrick OTlenipo, Othello, Felix O'Callnghan, Mac beth, Captrin Macguire, Shylqok, Claude Mel- notte, Biolielieu, and Sir Lucius.- O Trigger. 1 No'ono- should let this last chance pass by of seeing once again the impersonations of tlie greatest actor, overseen in.Analnuui. ' The Best' Man in the Best Plaoe.— If 1 any one bejincredulons of the virtue of pnblio men, let nun oniy asa ior a pium , « entreat bis great friend— every one has a great friend; mine- is a coroner— to tnake mm a Junior I-ord, of a Vice- Somothmg, and sec what the answer wiilj be., .t Polite, .certainly; nothing more bo ; hut what .a rebuke to self I seeking! what ,' a stern chastisement to the I ignorant presumption that places are. awarded by'means of favor, or that tho puhlio service | is over filled t.lirougli the ciiahuols of. private influence!' Far from'it. He is told that, our ago is an 'incoiTuptiblo oho, that ministers pass sleopless. nights in balancing the claims of treasury clevUs, and that Lord Chancellors I I suffer agonies in weighing the merits of bar risters of six years' standing. " We havo but I one vulo for our guidance ; the,. best. man iu the host' place."- A high-sounding nmxiiti, which it would ho excessively unoivil to dis- 1 Tvllflf. nnnstitlltCS 4< & beSt uuttvko s.»j owiaai.tj — : . inan." Is be some unscrupulous pavtizan, who first gave fortune, ' and afterwards his famei' to tlie support of 11 party?. Is lie the indisputable disposer' of thrco, or, perhaps four,' votes -in the -house? Is lie a floating buoy 'to -ho anchored in either roadstead of politics, and only to he secured to either, for- 1 a consideration ? Lf lie the dangorous con fident 'of some- damaging transaction ' . .Or is ho ' the deserter from a camp, whore his treason may sow disaffection ? These several qualifications have ore this sorvod to make up "a best man;" and,' strangely onough, are gifts whioli fit him for the army, the navy, I ighd' the ' lioine' service, or the colonies. The Marlins of Oro' Martin. - ; ; ' tiie Puzzr.ed- lRisiiMAN.— During , our last conflict with Great Britain, a number of our troops wero engaged in repairing tlio tortilicn- tionsof Niagara; and while so engaged,; tho enemy commenced d pretty sharp fire, so that it occupied nearly the whole of the time of our forces to keen on tlio look-out for the shots of the -enemy.' Finding that.thoy .did not.muke I mueli head-wily, ' tliey stationed a son of the Emerald Isle to givo warning whenever a shot, I or shell was obniiiig. This the sentinel faith-i | fully '-performed:, alternately -singing .out, "sliot," '"shell;" "shot;" "shell ;" until, finally, the enemy- started a Congreve rocket, which Pat liud' uever seeii before, He hesitated, aud 0001,1 rr'ir. filevate. he shouted— " Shot ! and, by Jaspers, the gun witli it !' "—American Paper. 