GEELONG POLITICS. (PllOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. Gcelonu. September 8th 18S8. Tho Election for tho Upper House went off just ai every . one anticipated, by tho return of Messrs Strachan, Hcnty, Hope, Roopo, and Cowie. Thero wero two remarkable features about tho Eloc tion. Ono was tho sobriety of tho peoplo. Not a drunken man was to bo seen. The other was tho riding about'in all directions of Judge Pohlmtin, accompanied by the most classical of our Alderman (Tracey). lro Tho ballot, on this occasion, has shown what a a safety valve it is to the people. Mr Sladon, in his address to tho burgesses, had tho offrontery to say that tho Voluntaries wero in tho minority. I suppose somo of tbe clergy staffed him with this, or that they wished it to bo so; but it shews their or his ignorance of popular opinion, which the ballot, on this occasion, has proved to them. Tho ballot will save many a man from having a mortgage fore- closed upon him, as was tne case under the old system, where a man exoicised his free agency. Mr Head held his meeting last night at tho Town Hall, and it must htive been most gratifying to his feelings to witness the enthusiastic, manner in which he was met, surrounded as he was by so many of hin townsmen and old friends. Neither Mr iylo, nor Mr Brogke were there; and very prudently too j lor it, of course, would bo made a handle of, and mag nified by tho greon-eyed monster into a coali tion. Therefore, Mr Bead's remarks on this score, wore out of place, and spoken unthinkingly, which mi (rood-senso, on reflection, niU3t point out to him. sir. Koad wound up his address by this sontontious remarK: —'Any government that depended upon bayonets and i awords, and not upon the affections of the p eoplc, was by thcirown showing self-condemned.' It iscurrently reported that a Mr. Bailey and a Mr. Bell i iro coming forward for the town, one a Geelon:r and tl 10 other a Molbourno man. Iiis also rumored that Mr. Bailey's ostensible motivo for presenting himself is to thwart Mr. Brooke. There nppcars strong feasibility in this, especially when I recollect that in the tin 10 of Old Glory, (i.e. Sir Francis Burdett) when the Whig3 and the Radicals wore getting too strong for tli a Tories, the Tories ? devised means to divide and weaken them, and succeeded in doing so ; but, if such an un a-;r current is at work here , it will rebound upon its own a' athors ;o their discomfiture and exposure. What gives it more force is this question, why did not Mr. 'Bailey come into the field before ? It is no t long since ho acknowledged that he was not qualified. How, all at once, is ho qualified ? Has Mr Sinipson qualified him ? (Mr Strachan's brother-in-law -who is going about canvassing for signatures.) If tl lis should be so, then ho is, to all intents and purposes, a nominee, and worso. It certainly cannot be possible for Mr Bailey to become tho wiro puppet of another man, when ho ha? appeared on all occasions to bo so opposed to any thing of tho kind ; but why coma forward now at tho eleventh hour, and, liko the Ghost ia Hamlet, in such a puostionablo shape ? No one knows bettor than he does that the peoplo of Gcelong have made up their minds to three men out of four. 'J.'hero surely must bo something rotten hero, but depend upon it, Mr Editor, it will all bo squeezed out by Old 'Corio. Thirty years of political life have given him. some experience in those matters, and ho won't forgot to tar and feather treachery where he meets with it. Old Conio. 