ADMINTSTBATI 7E BEFORM AND COMMERCIAL MORALITY. fLondon Correspondent of the Liverpool Alt/ion.] Since Titama turneq the weaver into a jackass, John Bull hasn't had so strange a Midsummer Night's Dream as the contem nlatisn of this t-re3ent 21st of June affords. Naturally ths longest day in the year, us un naturalness has caused it to appear three time3 a3 tedious as it has any right to do. Morning and the clouds broke together. Rain lias been coming down ever since, and seems as if, now it has got used to it, that it had no notion of leaving off in a hurry. The wind sighs through the streets in a stvle worthv of the opening chapter in one oi juts, itaacunes romances, and is sufficient to strike the Shaftesbury red jacketted shoeblack brigade sentimental. Tho cpld would astonish a Cossack; everything wear3 a November air ; blue devils ride upon the blast, and come in at the ieyhole, for the windows are 'battened down as though holly and ivy, instead of honeysuckle, were in season; and all things external are as dismal as a dyspeptic attorney with an unpaid hill of costs before him could 'desire. Under these auspices the prominent personage of the day is that personification of political peevishness, Roe buck, who initiates the new administrative reform movement this afternoon with extreme forcible feebleness indeed, though the fault was in the cause, not in the man. John Arthur's City Knights of the round' table at the London Tavern were of the mouldy stamp that Falstaff was ashamed to walk through Coventry with. They were most dilapidated and used-up characters, with repu tations the seamy side out, albeifc with pockets containing cheque-book3 that ^would respec tively purchase a prince's ransom, even though each prince 'were as largo as the Brobdignag one on the platform, the Rajah of Coorg, who literally might put Roebuck in his pocket, t,hon-rh J. -A. ^tJ looked as if he couia perform the exploit with miich less inconvenience. flTie whole affair was a sham from beginning to end, and was felt to be so. The Administrative Reformers have squashed administrative re form in the city of London at all events ; and for the reasons frequently assigned here — the treacherous flunkeyism of the leaders, espe cially Mr. Toadeating Travers, who kept trotting after the Tapers and Tadpoles of Downing-street at the very time he was turning Cornhill upside down with denunciations of routine. So with most of the rest — mere pimps -and spies for Palmerston, earwigs far Haytor, ?flappera- for -Lord John, who is. very likely to come in for the same constituency again through sheer laziness of the electors to vote against him, or for anybody else. The meeting was a most miserable affair, infinitely the poorest the Society have ever had, though it ought to have been the best ; so it woul&-have_ been, were it not for the knowledge ef the hol lo wness -of the men at ths bottom of it, all of whom have the Treasury brand upon-them, and would as soon venture on the outspoken strain of Robertson Gladstone, in his letter to the Government print this evening, as they -would on swallowing the Thames, or becoming shareholders in the TunneL ' This scantiness of attendance is perhaps the most significant evidence .yet afforded of the utter apathy of the age. The mere presence of Roebuck ought to have drawn a vast crowd of those who mieht be exDected to no and look at him for curiosity sake alone. Fora' public man he is less: seen in public than any other of his standing. A whole generation has passed away ' since he helped to wield the fierce democracy, with Burdett, O'Cdnnell, Grote, Warburton, Leader, Huma, and other celebrities of that eventful time, when votes of thanks on vellum, silver tankards, gold snuffboxes, and enamelled toothpicks were the order of the day for deserving demagogues, including the constitutional ^patrician who called the voice of the House of Lords 'the whisper of a faction.' ' Roebuck's name has been a household word of hope to the pro gressive, and of alarm to the reactionist from that hour to this. He bas not made him-' self cheap either with minister or mob, in town or country; and' it would be difficult to name a man more likely, according to all precedent, to attract a large attendance on an occasion like the present.; But, alack for th^ falsity of such calculation. Although he wass the right man in tha right place, he was not in the right place at the right time. ' Too late' is the legend of his banner, as well as that of the Whigs whom he has been eternallyi satirizing for tneir tardiness. He should have been in the van of the administrative movement at tho outset, or hot at alL Despite of incessant ad vertising, of the day being Saturday, of the half-holiday bang made nearly a whole one by Morley and others, of the doors being thrown open to all coiners, instead of the useal admis sion by ticket^ the hall, which would hold 2,000 people, and would have had; twice as many in jt if it could have held; them 12 months ago, hadn't half 1,000 to-day. It was lrholly impossible to get up even a fac titious interest in ? the proceedings ; and accordingly they, fell dead $ and* de mortuis, etcetera. One justification for the indifference of the cits is that they are too busy making money, or at least preparing to make it, for thus far the auriferous calculations as to the consequences of the peace have certainly not been realized. The rout of the bear has not called forth tha stags, and Capel-court is by no means the nuggety neighbourhood that was expected. It is remarked that almost every one of the new Companies that have yet come forth since the peaes has reached a small pre mium, none large. Hence, argue the knowing ones, when a really first-rate concern doe3 come forth it willbs a digging prodigiously prolific. But os yet there is no sign of any thing of the sort, great though the expectancy may be. Prance ia where the monetary shoe pinches, and when the pressure on the ' corn', ii to be taken off there no man can tell, rod- fcir do not fear -to ? guess-. ~uastr~ir plentiful Ten6ugaWr our own want's ; but not so for those^f oiffTieighboursTand unless we can bolster1 them liip a grand araan is' apparently inevitable*, notwithstanding: all the resources of- -the nephew ot his uncle, j Hence, say the sages on 'Change, speculation fears to take: wing on the Thames, dreading that- the tame eagle on the Seine may become a wild one, and, with furious beak and talons, pend all before it, beginning with that stuffed figure of straw, the Credit Mobilier, which is framed on tho fashioa of Sadleir'sprescriptioii, posthu- mously published to-diy,' for paying a com fortable dividend not merely out of capital, on the Hudson plan, but.out of nothing at all. This is pre-eminently Hibernian, and all Sadleir's own. ? It raises htrri to a status in Bwindlery which all his already known rascalli tie3 had failed to give one a notion of. Palmer and he may now stand together on the'pla*- form of original infamy for the edification of an admiring posterity who may be curious as to the morals that prevailed in 1856 among a people too pious to tolerate music on Sundays. Thb epistolary manual for the systematic con coction of cooked accounts, addressed to the writer's brother, a member of the Legislature, and founded, as the document naively sets forth, on the well-known practice of other banks, will cause all sorts of enquiries to be in o^»*~l J~f/» tU twrirlroanm* nf onmA nf t.ll«wfl latter establishments ; several cf which, it is surmised, will, in, consequence, have to set their houses in order with an alacrity that may cause the officials of the Winding-up Courts to have little leisure for Christmas holidavs. The revelations oi tae letter as xo me too prooaoie similar British system which served the scoun rel as a precedent have caused a consternation that well nigh stifles the delight derivable from the decision that none of the English share holders in the Tipperary Bank are liable. Just at this moment, too, there is a good deal of talk of starting new banks ; one in particular, which avows that it means to carrv on in connection with two descriptions ot business wnoiiy unconnected with banking, and on which there has already been a heavy loss. The prospectus of this concern is couched in the Holloway's ointment style of literature, and indeed is reputed to be the handiwork of a parti cularly skilful advertiser. It says — 'Every great work has been the result of association. The Egyptian pyramids, the Temple of Diana, the Rhodian Colossus, the marble towers of Herod, and many other stupendous works of antiquity, were the result of association compelled by tyrannical power. The grand principle of de veloped association is identity of interest.' Barnumized flourishes of this sort altogether stagger old. stagers in Threadneedle-street, and are enough to cause additional perturbation to the ghost of the owner of the 'Voice from Lombard-street,' concerning whom a tremen dous clatter is still being kicked up in refe rence - to Laing's city fraud pamphlet. A rejoinder to ' that electrifying production is. being got ready with all the speed that flash and anxietv for living character can stimulate; out the result 13 aireaiy pro nounced to be the same as that which attended the philanthropic laundress's efforts to scrub the nigger into a fac- simile of a snowball. Some uncommon Common Councillor is reported to be primed with virtuous indignation on this and several such heads. He js to explode in Guildhall one day shortly, with incriminatory charges concerning commercial morality such as Jonathan Wild would consider rather exag gerated if applied to his select circle ; and really seeing what we see, hearing what we hear, and knowing what we all must know, it may well tax the fancy to imagine what can be said that shall exceed the truth. Better, a thousand times, have Lord John Manners's old nobilitic, with all his noodlerie, than the modern mone tary mushroomerie, with their chicancrie and its accompanying cant. 