LETTERS OF THIS REV. DR CAHILL 'AGAINST THE LAW CHURCH SYS TEM OF ENGLAND AND IRELAND. ? SEVENTH LETTER. TO HIS EXCELLENCY THE EARL 01' CARLISLE. ?„ . ? . Ballyroan Cottage, Rathfarnham, \- . Alav 2.9tb. 185b'. My Lok» — The neglect, the deceit, and reckless lies of what are called 'The Missionary Bible Societies of these countries' are now so palpable nnd so unendurable as to demand the loudest ex pression of the public indignation, in order to abate this gigantic national grievance. The em pire is robbed by the monstrous revenues of the Churcb Establishment; the stability of the British throne is imperilled by the religious discord -which they engender ; ami the true record of Christianity is almost entirely obliterated by the absurd novel ties which, by a kind of annual succession, make Protestantism the terror if the Christian World. The landlord feels the pressure of the Rent Charge — the statesman marks the progress of the political volcano, which is eating its disastrous course beneath our feet — and the Christian phil osopher feels that the Gospel is ebbing from the English Church, with the precision and the cer tainty of the receding tide. Every man of every shade of religions and political opinion in the coun try must own to his own naked conscience that the present character and career of Protestantism must, under coming circumstances, involve the interests of society and power of the throne in a serious national difficulty perhaps in a national catastrophe. Yet in spite of this universal impres sion — and, I might say this national conviction — the Bible societies, by their speeches, their agents, their perseverance, their misrepresentations, and their annual income of millions of money, keep up such a war-cry against Popery and for the pro tection of Protestantism as to shut the mouths of Cabinets, and Parliaments, in the very sight of a grievance which the leaders in both Houses of the Senate have denounced as the most monstrous \ injustice and most flagrant iniquity which has ever been inflicted on the patience and liberties of mankind. The Scotch members of the house of Commons denounce it ; the Dissenters reprobate it ; the Free Trade party are ardently opposed to it ; in truth it could not stand the discussion of one Session of Parliament from the palpable nnomaly and injustice of its inherent principle. But the Protestant Bishops ; the lay improprietors of tithes, the clerical aspirants to the fat livings, and thirteen and a half millions of money, annually (the amount of voluntary contri butions, and Church revenues) form a fortress, where they have laid up all the weapons of defence necessary to maintain this gross imposture, From this Church Sevastopol they send out their paid emissaries', who spread themselves through every Catholic country ; through every- nation verging to political revolution, through every kingdom of social discontent; and by a torrent of lies against everything Catholic, by the slander of Catholic worship, Catholic discipline, of Catho lic legislation, Catholic morality, of Catholic Kings and Queens ; and aided by a paid press with Editor-parsons, they raise such an out-cry against what they call Popery ; they excite such a dread of Catholicity, its laws, its genius, its character that the English nation entertain such a horror of the very shadow of Catholicity, as willing to submit to the Church-creed which they doubt or deny ! and to the Church-robbery which they abhor. At 'one time they represent through their Drummonds the gross immorality of our Convents, as awful in Catholic countries ! at another time they employ the Scotch novelist, Macauley, to denounce the agriculture of Catholic countries ; on another occasion they hire Biblical tourists to sneer down the manners, the commerce of Ca tholic countries, so that they terrify the whole population of merchants, farmers, tradesmen, men, wqmen and children against the horrors of Popery. Misrepresentation of Catholicity is the grand scheme of their policy, the principle of their suc cess, the' engine to work up the fears, and abhor rence of the generous, but deceived English people. The indignation of Austria, the contempt of France, the hatred of Spurn, the revenge of Naples, and the curse of Ireland, are faint but true ex pressions of the universal feeling of these coun tries, against the political and religious lies of the agents of Protestantism. The Russians, that is, the Greek Church, 'believe the same doctrines as we do, with the exception of the Supremacy of the 'Pope, and the Procession of the Holy Ghost from the Son; yet your Excellency is aware there are no Souper-missionaries in any of the Dependancies of Russian rule ; Russia is not revolutionary ; and as tho material of their pro fession of slander is' revolution, they are not heard of in Russia. While Austria governed the wil ling obedience of Hungary one side, and Lombardy on the other, Vienna or Venice had no English Corespondent of the Times: there was no room for the office of calumny in the time of national peace. But when English statesmen encouraged and executed the Revolution of 1788, Austria was swarmed with Biblical agents, with political correspondents. Austria, was then denounced as a tyrant; an obstacle to liberty, a down-trodden kingdom, a Popish anomaly ; the English press teemed with tales of horror aguinst tho Catholic dynasty, that very little additional fuel, added to the insane bigotry of that year, would have driven our Parliament to reverse Emancipation, and to enact the sanguinary laws of Elizabeth. The same policy is adopted in every Catholic country, sustained by myriad agents paid by mil lions of money and calculating on success from the publication at home of the grossest lies that ever degraded the foul invention of tho most oppro- brious deliberate calumniator. The modern revolutions in Spain, France, and Portugal, are repeated instances of this scheme ; and while it degrades England abroad,, it debases her at 'home and lays the foundation of an internal disease, which diminishes the strength, blasts the social happiness, and retards the development of her national resources. The worst feature of this system of religious revolution and imposture is not the successful plunder on which it lives; the most disastrous result of this Biblical conspiracy is the fact that it has unchristianized England and depopulated Ireland. The English pulpit having no topic but "the errors of Popery,' the people as a matter of course, have no religion of their own; and they have no religion. The Irish pulpit super adds to the errors of Popery the new topic of hatred to the Papists themselves: and hence hatred of our supposed doctrine, and hatred of our race, produces not only irreligion, as in Eng land, but also the extermination of the people ! I pray your Excellency to bear with me on this subject,' which I have studied deeply : hear my proofs, and attend to my experience, and judge the accuracy of my conclusions. Let me be called before a committee of the House, where I cannot be harrassed by the laws oft libel ; and I undertake to prove by incontestible evidence that some of the foulest murders in Ireland have clearly- resulted from Biblical persecution. The English pulpit has made England a nation of in fidels; and the Irish pulpit has converted Ireland into sheep-waiks and bullock pastures. The bone and sinew — the living population — the material of the army and navy, the farmer, the labourer, the artizan, are gone to add to the strength, the skill, and the revenue of other nation's :' England looks on at this tide of emigra tion : the Biblicals laugh in triumph, and in re turn for this cruel waste of men the Queen has in lieu of her faithful subjects a faction of Revolu tionists, Swaddlers; and Infidels. In proof of these assertions of mine I shall furnish your Ex cellency with the necessary amount of public evidence. In a report now before me, tnken by Mr. Nathaniel Caine, Mount Vernon, Liverpool, and concluded 21st March, 1853, he states: — ? The Church of England has fifty-eight places of worship in Liverpool, witli seat-room for 63,769 persons ; but the average attendance is only 35,526, leaving space for 28,843 unoccupied, or what is tho same, leaving room equal.JLo: 2S churches vacant. The Dissenters of all denominations (not iuclud ing Roman Catholics) have eighty-seven places of worship, with seat-room for 54,5(19 persons, and an average attendance of 28,24-3 persons ; leaping room unoccupied for 25,762 persons, or what is the same, equal to 25£ empty churches. Here, from the official report of a Protestant gentleman, it appears that the Dissenters are nearly equal to the Church of England worship pers in Liverpool ; and again, that nearly the one-half, in both cases, do not attend any worship of a Sunday. Lord John Russell, the Earl of Shaftesbury, and others, allege — ' That upwards of five mil lions of adults in England are sunk in barbarism or infidelity.' The Commissioners, in Lord Ashley's Report on Education, state that in the English collieries very few persons had ever heard of the name of Christ ! The answers given to the Commissioners are too shocking to be repeated here. Let it suffice to say, that they had never been at Church ! Never heard the Gospel ! Did not know God ! Were sunk in drunkenness and profligacy ; and hated the very name of a Parson. In May, 1853, a set of men, calling themselves ' the Secular Society,' opened Conventicles in London on Sunday mornings, where this ' Secular Society' of laymen engaged to deliver lectures on ' Secularism.' Whut this Secularism is will appear from the placards which were posted . through the city, inviting audiences to defend the character of God from the corruptions of Chris tianity ! The following is one of their placards, vis:— On Sunday Morning, May 1, LECTURE ON WASHINGTON. BY MR. STEPHENS. On Sunday Morning, May 8, LECTURE ON THE LIFE OF COBBET, BY MR. THOMPSON. On Sunday Morning, May 15. LECTURE ON THE CHARACTER OF JESUS CHRIST! EY MB. ARCHDALE. On Sunday Morning; May 22, LECTURE on the MILITARY CAREER OF THE DUKE OF WELLINGTON. BY MR. FRAZER. The city of London, with its near and distant suburbs, contains a population little short of three millions. Nearly half this population are Dissen ters ; and amongst the remaining half, which are called Protestants, are to be found practical, avowed Infidels, having official Convencicles of Infidelity, where the doctrines of Paine and Straus are publicly preached : here also may be seen tens of thousands who never frequent any worship, the parochial London churches having, on an average, on Sunday, only about fifty per sons present ; and the character of the remainder may be learned from a Protestant Journal, the Saturday Review, which gives the following frightful picture of the irreligion of the lower classes in London : — ' Could the statistics of our existing Sunday observances be obtained, they would prove that in spite of, as many think, by means of this as sumed traditionary reverence for a strict Sunday, the lower classes of London are almost to a man alienated from religion. The solid fact remains that the extant religionism of England, as it affects the lower classes, fails — and fails eggre iously. The question is not between a Sunday keeping population with crowded churches and meeting houses, and a possible or probable loosen ing of such vigorous and operative religious in fluences. We have to do with a population no toriously, palpably, and almost exclusively irre ligious, sullen, apathetic, ignorant, and debased —untouched by the finer feelings, incapable of other than the lowest emotions, addicted to the vulgarest stimulants, unrefined by art, or by the higher susceptibilities of human nature. We have not to deal with a quarter of a million of church goers, but with a quarter of a million of dull, stupid, apathetic, bodies, who either spend the Sunday in sottishness or sleep, or in the de basing attractions of the pothouse and the gin shops.' It is at once a disgusting, and indeed an un necessary office to cite Governmental reports in reference to tho character and immorality of fe male habits in the crowded factories: several official commissioners have brought this horror hefore successive Parliaments : it is a notorious fact : and hence, us I have already stated to your Excellency, Protestantism has clearly failed in England. The horrors of London surpass belief. Its ministers want training in clerical discipline; they want professional learning ; they want unity in doctrine; they want sincerity in their belief: in fact, they want to be Christians. The Dis senters now far outnumber the Protestants ; they hate tithes and episcopal insolence as much as the Scotch do ; so that between them tho vacant, the empty churches, the increasing Dissenters, the pagan democracy, the infidel societies, the pressure of tho rent charge, and the undying hatred of Scotland, the days of Protestantism in England are numbered. One shock of bank ruptcy, or failure in the cotton trade ; a brisk war with America for twelve months, where we purchase cotton annually to the value of eleven millions sterling; one effort at revolution in Eng land, would denude Protestantism of its power, its influence, and its wealth at a single blow. Its ignorance, its plunder, its persecution, its infide lity; can be maintained only by lies and millions if money : one national shock, and the flash of one national resolve, will yet and very soon lay this fabric of spoliation and blood in irretrievable ruin. The Bishops and the lay improprietors see this coming fate with trembling terror : and as the annual sum of eight millions and a half sterling is a stake worth fighting for, they have opened in Ireland, as a last resource, a traffic in beggars, to recruit the declining numbers, to fill the vacant churches, to replace the old charter-schools, to act as a sort of make weight against the abandon- ment of their churches and the preponderance of the Dissenters. If the Government do not take up this case in time they are digging a mine under the throne of the Queen : better to have any class of subjects than infidels : better to disendow the Bishops in time than to encounter an insatiable mob : better to surround the Quien or the future monarch of England with the bulwark of truth, honor, jus tice, and religion, than with the protection of lies, blasphemy, and revolution. The history of Eu rope is full of warning on this vital point, and no man knows it better than the Earl of Carlisle. I beg your Excellency's serious consideration of the following extract, taken from the Dublin Warder of the 24th of May : I take the statement as it appears : and it will convince any man of sound judgement and of unbiassed mind that wherever the Souper agents commence their scheme of slander find of insult of the Catholic population, there will immediately spring up in fertile abundance Ribbon combinations, nightly outrage, and the awful crime of assassination and ferocious murder. My Lord, you wisely hold the government of unfortunate Ireland in your bands: and my matured and humble conviction is, that there can be no act of your valued administration which will perpetuate the celebrity of your rule, and advance more efficiently the peace and the happiness of Ireland, than to give the weight of your powerful influence towards an efficient mea sure ot just tenant right, to protect the poor from Biblical extermination, and stop the mouths of a combination of men whose profession is really slander ; and who earn their ignominious bread by a system equally hostile to the stability of the empire and to the true interests of religion. The extract is as follows : Wanton Outrages in the King's County. —Edward Synge, Esq , Syngefield, has for a length of time past devoted much time and taken a deep interest in the religious instruction of his dependents and tenantry, many of whom, who were originally Roman Catholics, natives of the county Clare, he brought to Rathmore, in this county, where they have resided with him on his property up to the present, and have been the objects of his charity and Christian care. Mr. Synge has established schools for the literary and scriptural instruction of both adults and children, which have been well attended; and were pro ductive of much good. On Sunday, the 11th inst., his proceedings and schools were made the subject of an altar denunciation in the neighbour ing Roman Catholic chapel, in whicn they were held up to odium and popular abhorrence, and before the week had terminated, on the following Tuesday night, Mr. Synge's cottage at Rathmore, his schoolhouse, and several houses of his cot tagers whose children attended his school were assailed by a party who demolished all the win dows with stones, and on the same night, the house of a woman, named Mary Coy, also at Rathmore, wns maliciously set on fire, the fumes of which awoke the inmates in sufficient time to make their escape, and gave an alarm to some friends residing close beside, by whom the flames were extinguished. Mr. Synge has had frequent escapes from assassination. ' On one occasion he was fired at in the county Clare, when seven slugs were lodged in his body, and his servant shot dead by his side. Again, in the same county, in the noon day, he was fired at and struck, but the bullet was providentially- intercepted by his Bible, carried in his breast pocket , in the leaves of which it was found, having stopped at the re markable passage — John, 17th chap., ] lth verse —'Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hast. given me, that they may be one, as we are.' He was also fired at near his residence in this county, when engaged in re ligious exercises. It is a lamentable state of so ciety that such a gentleman as Mr. Synge should receive such a requital for his many acts of cha rity and Christian philanthropy. I have the honour to be, my Lord, Your Excellency's obedient servant, D. W. CAHILL, D.D. 