MUNICIPAL. As the season for choosing aldermen approaches it is proper the ratepayers should bestow some attention on the matter. Candidates for the suffrage aro as plentiful as blackberries, and jockoyism willbo attempted to thd full extont it can bo practised. Every elector shllould therefore determine for hilmself which seven ho can entrust with his interests for a term of two years. HIitherto the constituency have chosen men of integrity, vwho Ihvo administered the allhirs of the town in a manner thalt reflects credit on tIle municipality. Important works are in progress, and at large umont of money will be at thio dlisposal of tIhe council. Thle question is whether we are to have thIe blessing of an ample supply ot'f pure water ait a small cost, paving, draininlg, 0n1(d clllep lighting, or whether the lfunds of thIe corlpor.ation ore to be frilttereld away in jobbery, mayorial dinners, exhibitions, Iand ex ipensiw. disIllay : whether waste is to be thei order o' ti daty, or whether the (',cimiic ainil usrd'ul policy inaugurated is still to prevail. It Ieccomes every elector to he oni the alert if hle woull save his o\w lpockect anld lrolmote the substoetihl we(lettrO o tme town. Mlany of the eamlirants to municipal dignity have blin emiphaitically rejectedl illn more than en, clapacity. \We do do not feel called upmn i to "colldesceCd to plrtieulars," |as Scotch llwyers Hay : the chareCter' m"·' ," ,m, iltiei s ol' tile cratldiht .te . .- - well knowi to the electors as to our solves.: -A-simple test may be applied : if the voter would not entrust his private affairs to the candidate he is obviously unworthy ofpublic confidence. We have before spoken of the aptitude and value of Mr. Dowling, as alderman, and perhaps it is only fair to mention the name- of another whose constant attention, practical knowledge, and sound sense have been particularly useful in the council. 7We refer to Mr. Fawns, who might be overlooked simply because he makes no pretence and covets no display, but who has proved himself to be. one of the most efficient members of the corporation. Nor ought it to be forgotten that a now Municipal Act has at consider able-- labor been prepared which will largely extend the privileges of the town, and soon be in operation. But with increased power increased watch fulness is required, that none except competent, honest, and honorable men be chosen aldermen. In Henry the Seventh's time the right of making bye-laws, and of taxing the inhabitants for paving, lighting, and police, was conferrpd'by charters then issued. But abuses crept in, and the commissioners on whose report the Corporation Reform 'Act was based, disclose a state of affairs into which colonial corporations are very apt to sink if neglected by the public, and the management left in the hands of incompetent, intriguing, or mercenary men. We republish one paragraph of the report, which it may hie useful to have before the eye at the present time:-" That in most instances the property of the corporation was to a! greater or less extent, and either directly or indirectly administered for the benefit of the members of the cor poration and their families. That much of it was consumed in feasts and enter tainments, or in extravagant salaries to the corporate officers ; and that in some instances the corporate funds had been largely applied for electioneering pur poses. That apart from any corrupt application, the expenditure of corporate funds had been veey generally improvi dent ; and that many corporations were considerably in debt. That the funds vested in corporations for charitable purposes had been very commonly wholly or in part misapplied, and diverted to the use of the corporation; and that in the selection of objects of charity or patronage, undue regard had been paid to the votes or political services of applicants." Several of the aldermen have been in office four years, and we believe that they have acted throughout with the strictest impar tialiality and economy. Whatever could be done by tender has been done by tender, and the lowest accepted. The ghost of a job cannot even be conjured up by tlose who have dealings with blue .eovils; nor have thie council in any instance sought a personal object or derived an individual benefit from their position. Such men merit thanks, not abuse. They have successfully inaugurated an institution here which had its origin coeval with British liberty, and which we hope will be perpetuated and increasingly apprecia ted to the end of time. Wo need scarcely repeat that it is of tile last importance the right men should be put in the right place on the first day of January, 1857. 