THE EMPIRE. THURSDAY, MARCH 37, 1858. . ~ THE COUNTBY ELECTIONS. "WITHIN the next twenty-four days the whole ol the members of the new Assembly will have been chosen, and a revocation of their decision will be out of the hands of the people for the next five long years. Though we have not deemed it a duty incumbent upon us ' to inter- pose between the various candidates and con- stituencies our opinions of the personal quali- fications exhibited in every instance for the high office of legislator, yet we have endea- voured to lay down the true principles by which the electors, keeping in view the general good of their common country, should be guided in their choice. We have ever contended that no personal consideration should weigh with the honest voter, against the public interests which may be imperilled through a course of years, or incalculably. in- jured, by his rash and inconsiderate act, if he yield up his better judgment to the transient influences engendered by a mere election con- test. He must feel himself, body and soul, a free citizen-a free citizen, nothing less, and nothing more. Then, his vote will be given for his country, with a steady indifference as to the disappointments of ambition, and the host of lesser consequences. No rule of conduct imposed upon ourselves, however, and certainly no standard of propriety in our calling, exists to restrain us from review- ing the acts of public men on the occasion of a general election ; and we purpose to take a hasty glance at some of the political features which we think we can detect in the contests about to close. To begin- with the Western Boroughs, nothing can be more distinct and positive than the opposition on both sides. Were the inhabi- tants of Bathurst, and Kelso, and Carcoar all persons given to trifling and false play in the grave concerns of life, they could hardly select a more fitting representative than Mr. HOL- ROYD. Were they all political exclusionists of the nairowest stamp, it would be difficult for them to find a more expressive type of their benighted minds. If they deemed it a fault in their member to possess any one interest in common with themselves, they would be puzzled to find another person less likely than Mr. HOLROYD to offend in this particular. So far as they have given expres- sion to political sentiments, no two states of being could be more opposite than their viaws of public questions and the course which has been pursued by their late member. On the other hand, it would be almost an impossible thing to find a second man after Mr. BYRNES so peculiarly possessed of the qualifications we should think were likely to be sought in their representative by these important boroughs. In habits of mind, in the experience of life, in connections of business, in social station, in personal character, and in every interest, as well as in political sentiment and public action, Mr. BYRNES and the electors of the Western Boroughs are one. Yet, owing to circumstances which really ought not to enter into the issue of such a contest, we are likely to sec the balance of a straw decide the fate of this popu- lous and wealthy constituency. The county of Bathurst has been faithfully represented for five years by Mr. BLIGH, a plodding and unpretending man, but neverthe- less one of the most independent and useful members of the old House. The practical liberalism of this gentleman is to be furnished by the ghost of the ATTORNEY-GENERAL, who is destined to enjoy the distinction of being set up against every man of more than ordinary independence. We can understand how the mere squatters should oppose Mr. BLIGH, and how it may suit the purpose of Mr. HOLROYD to join in such an opposition ; but that a person like Mr. W. H. SUTTOR, who we thought had the good of his native country at heart, should allow himself to appear equally irrational, is to us a matter of much surprise. But when it is recollected that no longer back than the last general election in England, Colonel THOMPSON, Lord MAHON, and Mr. CARDWELL were thrown out of Parliament to satisfy the most unreasonable objections, we ought to prepare ourselves to witness similar absurdities in New South Wales. In King and Georgiana the contest is also a curious one. Mr. FAUCETT is a legal gentle- man who arrived in the colony the other day with a gown and wig, but with a very moderate share of abilities. Ile is a poor kind of res- pectability, with a thin intellect, and a stout ambition ; one of those professional grimal- kins who ever sleep with one eye half open towards a Government office. This gentleman has an opponent, and, we think, a formidable one, in the person of Mr. ISAAC SHEPHERD, a native of the colony who has lived half a century among its rural pursuits. With rough manners and a warm temperament, he unites strong common sense, untiring energies, and a knack of saying home truths in homespun phrase. Mr. SHEPHERD is not a SOLON, and he is the very antipodes of a FAUCETT, but we think he is the sounder" man of the two. He has an extensive knowledge of the country practically acquired, while Mr. FAUCETT would have to get the smallest amount of information on the smallest subject second-hand. Were Mr. FAUCETT elected, he would be eternally mincing matters ; were Mr. SHEPHERD elected, we fear his fault would lie in too frequently munching mat- ters. We shall look with curiosity to the result to see whether the settlers of these counties prefer the sinewy strength and blunt honesty of one of themselves, the very bottom of whose faults they have sounded, or the positive blarney of the legal gentleman who found hts way among them, after many enquiries by the roadside, with letters of intro- duction from his masters. 