lelec tT Cies. THE SKELETON HAND. Tiet shadows. of night had gathered over the village of Hazlewood-the wind howled along the mountains-and the snow, which had been some time falling, already covered the ground. .The weather was cold and cheerless, and the inhabitants, keeping within doors, and closing their casements to prevent the driving snow from insinuating itself within, the village wore rather a gloomy aspect.. There was one ex ception, however, to the sombre appearance of the little commulilty of Iaizlewood. That ex ception ,was the aiicidnt stone mansion *of 'Squire'Hanleton, situated in the skirts of the village, just beneath a wild and woody spur of the Highlands of the Hudson. The old halls were brilliantly lighted, - the 'fires blazed brightly upon the broad hearths, and a happy company was collecting, buoyant with antici pated pleasure and delight. It was the bridal night of Susan Hazleton, the pride of tie vil lage. She had been bethrothed, for two or three years, to Henry Rozenerantz, a promising young man, son of one of the richest and most respectable landholders on the borders of the Hudson. In the early part of their courtslhip, the possession of her hand had been disputed by Roswell Thornton, a young man of suitable age and prospects for Susan; but there were indications of a passionate and revengeful dis position, doubts as to his moral principles, and some distrust in regard to his habits, which would have deterred the gentle girl fram ac cepting his proposals, even had sihe not been affianced to one whom she loved with the deepest and purest affection, and who was everyway worthy of her regard. But we mist do Thornton the justice to admit, that he sincerely and deeply--nay, madly loved her. And it was not until every effort had been ex erted in vain, and several direct impulses en countered, that he ceased pressing his suit. He then . became moody and reserved; and after lingering in the neighbourhood of the object of his affections for several months, suddenly left that part of the country, vowing never more to return. MIeantime Henry, his more happy rival, was assiduous in every attention to his futiure bride which could minister to her happiness, and ingratiate him self more deeply in her affection. She was worthy of his love, little short of adoration. She possessed a good understanding, which had beent well cultivated. Her spirits wera lively and buoyant, her light form was all symmetry and grace, and her countenance beautiful. With allthese attractions, shie united the gentlest- and sweetest disposition with the utmost artlessness and simplicity of manners. Unaffectedly pious, with a heart keenly alive to the calls of distress and suffering, a hand " open as day to melting 'charity," and a life adorned with every feminine virtue, Susan Hazleton was the general favourite of the vil lage. And as Henry was deservedly esteemed for his exalted moral worth, nod the general excellence of his character and disposition, their marriage had been a subject of pleasurable con templation to the whole of their little commu nity. Of a delicate constitution, yielding as the fragile willow, and as susceptible as the 'sensitive-plant, to complete her happiness the lovely Susan would require all those little name less and endearing attentions which sweeten and render the cup of life delightful; and these attentions it would be the pride, the happiness and the ambition of Henry to bestow. Such were the interesting pair whose nuptials the joyous group in Hazleton Hall had assembled to celebrate. It was now time for 'the bride to make her appearance, and the eyes of the company began to turn wistfully towards the door througlh which she must enter from the long corridor into which the stairway from her apartment descended. There seemed indeed to be some delay. Even thie bridegroom, awaiting her to join him in an anteroom, began to cast earnest, if got impatient glances towards the door, still she did not comel Theo little pleasantries usually indulged at' the expense of the principal figures on such occasions were suspended. The appointed moment for tile ceremony had passed -and yet the bride was not therel The mother was just rising to investigate the cause of the unexpected delay, when the bridesmaids entered trcembling with affright- their lips and cheeks white as their wedding garments! The guests were upon their feet in an instant, and the cause of the alarm eagerly inquired by every voice at once. The agitation of the damsels was so excessive that a coherent story could not be extracted for several moments. To the unutterable consternation of thile com pany, however, it appeared from the statement of her attendants that after the toilet of thle bride had been completed, and her bridal orna ments arranged, she desired to be left to the communion of her own 'thoughts for a short space, requesting her fair attendants to descend and linger in an anteroom below stairs, where she would join them with her intended in a a very short time, and jirosout herself to the expectant company. "Marvelling at her delay, and becoming somewhat alarmed withal, they at length ascended to hern apartment. It was empty, and the recollection instantly flashed upon the mind of one of the young ladies, that while sitting below, she had heard, or fancied she heard, a faint scream as of one in distress. But it was too feeble and transient to make an impression at the mnoment, though it now rang in her memory with fearful distinctness. Thi conclusion of this brief statement, full of terror and alarm to the whole company, fell like a thunder-stroke upon the car of the lover, 'and sounded to the already Iall-distracted mother like the death-knellofher daughter. Pe?arci was instantly made through the house and over the wholo premises. The alarm quickly spread through the village, every part of which was examined, and every well fathomed. But it was fruitless. No sign or trace of the bride could be discovered, and tile mystery of her disappearance Was apparently .impenetrable. The affectionatoe mother was frantic, the doting atther unmanned, the bridegroom left in a state of suspense and agony easier imagined than described ; while the whole village was agitated and amazed. At an early momentof the alarm, the strange intelligence was conmunicated to the village inn, kept by the worthy Mr. Christian Vcbber, where neveral of the young gallants of the neighbourhood, invited to attend at the wedding, wer enjonving a social evening around a blazing and comfortable nutwood fire. The cheerful faces of the party were at once clouded with gloom, for, as we have already remarked, its lovers were general favourites, and the subject of the happy wedding had beeih discus ied only a few minutes before. " Poor Susanl" exclaimed one of the circle, Gilbert Dawson, a young man about twenty five; "I hope nothing can have hippened to her." " Perhaps," said Charles Stanley, "she had just dodged out for a frolic, to startle the bridegroom, and she may have stepped in at old Mrs. Williamson's, or perhaps tripped across the green to Widow Bodfrey's. Surely nothing serious can have happened to the sweet creature-" and he would have gone on to name twenty other places, where she might have fled for a little frolic, had he not been interrupted. " All these places havo been visited," replied Montgomery, the young gentleman who brought the unwel come news, and who was to have stood up with the happy pair, as one of the groomsmen, along with his sweet cousin Catherine Living ston. "All these have been visited, and she cannot be discovered." And a silent look told more of his fears than his lips. Concealing his emotions, however, as well as he could, and desiring Gilbert Dawson to come along with him and assist in the search, he told the others not to he alarmed, as she might, perhaps, yet be found unharmed. Before proceeding a dozen rods'from the inn, Gilbert stopped short, and struck his hand upon his head for an in stant, as if some sudden thought, some startling conceit, had entered hiis brain. "It's two hours or more since I saw him pass,'' said Gilbert, heaving a deep sigh, and continuing his soliloquy ; "it was hie,-I could not be mistaken, though it was rather dusky, he has visited no one. Can he have fulfilled his horrid vow?" "Who,-Roswell Thornton? Heaven for bidl" exclaimed his companion. " But I ttem blo less it may be so. Hlow was he dressed?" " Muffled in a large great-coat, and riding as if the tempter was at'his heels,t replied Gil bert. " Do you know," asked Montgomery, "whe thter anybody ever heard him declare he would injure Susan Hazleton, if she should marry Iosencrantz?" " heard him," said Gilbert, "not fifty yards from this very spot, swear that if Susan agreed to marry Ienry, blood slould be shod, When I met him hoe was in a dreadful state of agitation from passion. His face was as white as the snow beneath us, his lips quivered, and all his features were distorted with suppressed rage. I spoke to him, but could get no other reply than broken senennces, vowing vengeance. 'lle touch herl-Nover-- while tlhere is blood in these veins! Blood-blood--ahl mark me, Gilbert,' he said, staring wildly in my face, 'they shall know what it is to rouse a devill' I was horror-struck, and begged him to be reasonable i; but he broke from me, muttering he would have his revenge, cost what it would. From that day I have never seen him, until in the thick twilight of this evening, when he passed me, as I have already said. It was tlhought he had settled in New Orleans; but him or his ghost I certainly saw this very oron ing, and you may easily suppose I dread the worst." ' - "I am afraid there is too much cause," said Mlontgomery. " And what is more, I have not liked seeing that croaking old raesn, Elsio IIallenbake, hovering round the village so closely of late. But let us hope for the best. The mystery may yet be solved, and the sweet creature restored to the neching bosoms of her friends." "Alt," said Gilbert, "it may be so; but it's an awful thing to be left to one's own passions. Good servants, but bad masters, as old Roach used to say of fire and water." The colloquy ended here for the present, and the friends continued the search, with the rest of the villagers, through the night. But no tidings of the lost one were obtained. Nor was any information received of her, or any light thrown upon her mysterious disap pearance, for many years afterwards. The deep gloom that settled over the village, when further search was abandoned, and nil rational hope extinguished, gradually wore away, save in tihe fimily thus bereft of its idol. The af flicted parents, with bleeding hearts, followed each other to the grave in rapid succession, and a deep andi settled melancholy rested upon the disappointed Rosencrantz, who front that day forward was scarcely known to smile. The grief with which he was at first overwhelmed sank into his soul, and preyed like a canker upon his hosom. And if the soothing ihand of time had allayed, in some measure, the bitter poignancy of his affliction, it was only that the partially cicatrized wound might be torn open afresh. Such was the fact, and the circumstances were on this wise. VWhilo the surveyors were engaged in the exploration of a route for a turnpike road, through a rocky region not many miles from the Hudson, soon after the close of the revolutionary war, being a period of ten or twelve years subsequent to the painful occurrence which I have described, the bones of what proved to be the skeleton of a female were discovered at the bottom of one of those deep rocky glens, of which there are many in that wild country, near the old Albany post road. The skull had been fractured, as if by striking against the pointed fragment of a rock "near which it lay, and on a close examination, a cut was found remaining upon one of the ribs, near the region of the heart, as of some sharp instrument. This dis covery was soon noised abroad,-the recollec tion of the long-lost Susan Hazleton was revi vred, further investigations were made by those whllo had been her friends,-and, strange as it may appear, upon a finger of the skeleton the joints of which seem not to have been dis turbed, but lay together in the spot where the hand must have originally fallen, was found the diamond ring of the bride, sparkling as when presented by Rosencrantz, on the morn ing of the happy day appointed for his wed dingl TIhe gush of feeling which succeeded this discovery must be pictured by timhe imagina tion of the reader. One feature of tlhe dark mystery was now solved. No doubt could longer remain lthant the loved object so long wept by him to whom she was betrothed, and over whose remembrance their was an odour of sanctity rich as tihe dews of Araby, had been cut of in the moment of lher highest and bright eat hlopes, iy the foulest murderl Still, with the exception of a single circumstance, lwhich will appear presently, there seemed no possible clsw by which the hlomicide could ie detected, olthlough her virtues pleaded "like angels, trumpet- tongued, against the deep damnation of her taking odf." Tie man whl had at first been suspected, in consequence ofGilbert Daw son's communication to MIontgomery, had never since been seen or heard of even by his relatives; and it had long been supposed pro bable that Gilbert, who ihad perished in the Jersey prison-shlip, might have been mistaken in the identity of the muffled stranger. Thlere was, howrever, a strange and unac countable resident in a lorw huint among tle mountain crags, over lwhomn a slight shade of suspicion lnd once been cast, and which was now transiently revived. Her rude ldwelling was not quite halfa mile from the glen in which the skeleton had been disrcvered. Elsie Itallenbake, the beldame of whom it is necessary now to speak, was an old woman at the time our fale eommences.--IIer whole life and cha-. racter bad ever been shrouded in a dark cloud of mystery. She had been a resident itl that vicinity for many, many years, and simple minded people did not scruple to declare her little better than a sorceress, who practised iln cantations, and held familiar converse with spirits of darkness. Her form and figure were tall and, masculine ;--her features, sharp, sal low, and wrinkled; her nose high oand hooked like the beak of an eagle, while her sunken coal- black eyes, whenever crossed in her pur poses, o therwise angered, flashed with the piercing and terrible glances of the basilisk. For more than fifty years she had lived within a few miles of Hazlewood, in tile midst of the wild region already mentioned, which was too rugged for cultivation. Sometimes she was in the village, or prowling abont the adjacent settlements, practising as a fortune teller, by way of paying for supplies of food, which from fear would never have been denied her; but for the most part her time was occupied in wandor ing about tile woods, and among the hills cliombing from crag to crag over tie rocks, and traversing the glens and ravines of tho neigh bouring lands. PMany were the wild and start ling tales told of Elsie in the neighbourhood, which it would not be edifying to repeat. IInd silo been mistress of the whirlwind, she could not have been more delighted with storms. Sihe had been seen, her tall form erect, and with extended earms, standing upon the verge of fearsomo precipices, in the midst of tile most awful tempests, conversing, as it were, with unseen spirits, her long matted hair streaming in the wind, while the thunder were riving the rockshbeneanth her feet, and the red lightning encircling her as with a winding sheet of flame. Formerly, a projecting rock, hanging over the chasm in which the bones wcro discovered, had been a favourite seat, of hers when watch ing tile black anl angry clouds, as they rolled up from the west; but this haunt had long been forsaken, and all liher narrow footpatlhs wound off in different directions. More than once in the village of Hazlewood, soon after the occurrence, when the sad tale of Susan was the thieme of conversation, had sheo let fall some dark expressions, intimating that she knew more than she would tell; but, if questioned, would evade the subject by mystical language, mingled with hysterical laughing, as incoherent and unmeaning as the ravings of a Imaniac. All these things had been forgotten, until the surveyors mentioned thie fact, that when en gaged in that neighbourhood, she hovered round, glancing her eyes sharply upon them from the distance. As they approached the glon, sha grew more uneasy, and bhecame rest less and agitated. And when finally the dis covery was made, she uttered a piercing, un earthly scream, more frightful than the yell of thse hyena, anti ran swiftly to her hut, where she shut herself up for several days. Not one word would she speak upon the subject after. wards. Tihe skeleton remains were gathered tup, and entombed in the vault of Roseacrautz, who was unshaken inl his purpose, that although they had been so violently torn asunder in life, yet in death their ashes should be intermingled. The superstition that, in cases of concealed murder and doubtful guilt, Iheaven will inter pose a species of miracle through thie means of the ordeal of compelling the suspected to touch the body or any part of the relicts of the doe ceased, was nowhere more religiously believed than among the good people of Ilazlowood. Nor didl their ideas of this description of appeal to the Divine decision stop here. Some of them held that Heaven in its vengeance would do signate the guilty by causing blood to ooze even from the dried bones of tile deceased, should the murderer come into their presence. It was true, there was no suspicion of any in-. dividual in particular, save the slight phado of doubt that had sometimes rested upon the mys terious Elsie Hallenbake, and tile long-absent and almost forgotten Thornton; but it occurred to honest Christian Vebber, whoso faith il the ordeal was strong, that as he kept an inn. tile villain who had been guilty of divorcing tile gentle spirit of Susan PHazleton from its beau riful earthly tenement, might "some daly make one of the numerous guests seekiing entertain ment at his house. Under this belief, in which he was invincible, after much importunity, he was permitted .to take the joints of the hand which had sustained the ring, to he suspended close against the ceiling, over the staunch oaken dining-table in the ancient hall. Should the murderer ever pass that way, and sit down at his table, Christian Vebber was morally certain of his detection. Again, the feelings awakened by the recent discovery, and the inhumation of the precious relics, died gradually away. Five, ten, fifteen additional years elapsed, bringing with them all those changes in the population of the little town which must necessarily occur in tihe course of so many years, and which are so visible to one who has been long absent,though comparatively unperceived by those remaining stationary. Most of the generation on the stage at the period of the commencement of our tale, had passed away-either to tile now countries, or to " that bourne from whence notraveller re turns." No light had been thrown upon the murder, which had now become a transcntion of ancient days. But HIIenry iozencrantz yet lived to mourn, and Christian Vebber still flourished in a hearty green old age, keeping the same comfortable inn on the post-road between Kingshridge and Claverack. It was about mid-day of the 20th September, 1798, that astranger rode up to the inn just mentioned, covered with dust, and mounted upon a jaded horse, which. he directed to be taken care of, while he ordered dinner for him self. Tlere was an ingathering of people at the tavern, upon occasion of some town or country business, for whom dinner was provid ing, and the stranger was desired to dine with the other guests. lis appearance was some what remarkable, though perhaps scarcely en ough so to excite more than the ordinary at tention awakened by the arrival of any stranger among the loungers about a village inn, had it not have been for tile uneasiness which the half unmeaning scrutiny of the by-standers appeared to occasion him. His countenance was bluffand weather-beaten; his eve sharp, restless, and suspicipus in its quick glances; his dress was of that half- genteel, half-worn, and rather slovenly appearance and descrip tion, indicative of a discarded gambler, in the down-hill of his profligate and dissipated career. His hair was course, dark, though somewhat grizzled nnd'intractable ; and he wore whiskers heavy and ferocious enough for a dragoon officer or apirate. But other men had stopped to refresh at the sign of the Black Bear before, looking no better than he ; and when the bell rang, he passed into the dining-hall with the other guests, and 'seated himself at a bountiful dinner, served up on the old oaken table, with a cloth white and cleat as the driven snow. The meal proceeded for a space much as ordinary meals do among plain people, where Ihealth, exercise, and clear consciences, contri bute to impart an appetite. The worthy old landlord did tile honours of the table, but not with his wonted skill. Several times he missed the joint in carving the turkey; thie merry thought was broken in its extraction; and he splashed the gravy upon the new sleeve of 'Squire Zantzinger. It appeared in the sequel, that during the operation, his eyes were alter nately occupied with tile work immedliately in hand, and stealing frequent though hurried glances at the stranger. Their eyes met but once, as tile stranger chose to avoid another encounter. These circumstances were scarcely observed by the company, however, and tihe dinner was half ended, when a sudden start of the stranger, with n simultaneous fall of his knife and fork upon the old Dutch china plate, instantly directed every eye in the company in a full gaze upon him. A fresh drop of blood had fldlen upon his plate; and as he turned his fice upwards, dirceting his eyes to the ceiling, a second crim::on drop fell upon his chin! Nearly in the same instant of title, the xcclamation of-" I?OSWELL ' TIIONTON I" by the host, brought every man upon his feet. The skeleton hand, withered and forgotten by all save Christian Vebber, was dropping blood upon the plato of the stranger who had acci dentally seared himself immediately beneath it. As the name was sternly pronounced, the countenance of .the stranger becatme pale as tshes,'and evecly limb shook with agitation. lHe attempted to fly, but was seized before reaching the door. Resisting for a moment with con ulsive energy, he might have given them some tiouble to secure him, hod it not been for the unterposition of another object. This was none other than Elsiu Hatllenbake, who At that in stant appeared at the window, glaring her snakiy eyes fully upon him, her wrinkled and ?lostly features lighted tp with a fiondish smnile, whilo she uttered a horrid shriek of aonghter. hlnd the iron entered his soul, he could not more suddenly have ceased his oppo sition. IIia arms fell, and ho gazed williy around. "Ahl-therel-- see herl" hlie exclai od. "Yes, Rozencrantz, it was -antd God's vengeance has overtaken me at last!" Saying this, he fell with exhaustion. The guests were horror-struck at the scene passing befoire them; to nany of whiom the -trnsmaction with which the diselosure was connected was forgotten, if it lhad ever been known, and the name of Thornton was likewise unknovwn. The stranger, sho was none other than io, was secured, and Clristian Vebber rehearsed the particulars of the transaction already narrated, which had couried nearly thirty years before. The sequel to this narrative will not be long. Thornton made a full confession of his atrocious crime. Ioe had loved Susan IInzleton more, lie said, than mortal was ever loved lbefre ; aid when lie found his suit was unalterably rejected, his whole soul was agitated with the conflicting passions of love, jealousy, hatred, asd revenge. lis first and principal object was to prevent his rival, wholu he could not but respect, though he hated hlin because he sas his rival-fromi plucking this fairest flower in creation. But Iow was this to be accom plished? Aflectingl to leave the country, hlie yet did not retire so fir but that he was enabled, through the assistance of Elsie, to inform him self of ill that passedi in Ilnzlewood. lHaviing ascertained the time appointed for the celebra tion of their nuptials, the returned to the village, disguised, and as privately as possible, but without any settled purpose as to the course he should pursue. The thought of stealing her away, and, perhaps, oompelling her to ibecomo his bride, after all hopes of Hlenry rhould 'have by some neans been extinguished, occurred to him ; and, impossible as it must have appeared to him on rellection, he madly determined upon its execution. Stationing a fleet horse in the edge of a copse, skirting the village, he con trived in the dusk of the evening to secret him self in the Iall of the family mansion, where the opportunity' noceured of seizing her as she descended the staircase to join her maidens, as beforo' related. One filint shriek, and she fainted in his arms as he rushed to the portalo of the hall. HIurrying along, her weight sear rely forming an obstacle to his progress, he sprung upon his horse, and succeeded in reach ing the solitary but of the mountain witch, as Elsie was sometimes called, without discovery. When the poor girl recovered fromn her fidnt ness, theu appalling fact was but too evident, that terror had, by a single stroke, overthrown her reason, and utterly prostrated her intellect. She stared vacantly round the hovel, and look ed up into his face, and upon the hard skinny features of " the midnighlt hog," with the un meaning gaze of the idiot-without emotion or concern. Thus, by this awful stroke, had his purpose been defeated. What next was to be done? Bty his lirst rash act he had ventured so for, thant to return were more dangerous than to go on. A search would soon take place, that would be general, thorough, and extensive. If ie remained, detection would be inevitable. The dark thought of a deeper crime now flashed upon his mind as the only alternative; and the dreadful resolution was taken of her murder-although he said noth ing of this fearful resolve to his accomplice. lThen seizing liher in his arms, ihe rushed furi ously from the infernal den of this modern llecate, who pursued and endeavoured to dis suade him from the perpetration of a deed she must have foreseen:. Ieaching the very verge of the precipice overhanging the glen so often mentioned, he plunged a Spanish blade into her boson, and casting her body into the chasm, throw himself upon his horse and fled tihe country. But from that dread night to the present hour, no tongue could tell, no pen describe, the horrors of the lifo he had led. Go whither he would, or mingle with whom he might, whether sleeping 6r waking, in all places, and under all circumstances, the shade of Susan HIazleton her last vacant stare in his face- the last faint groan she uttered-were ever present with him. fle fled to the south, visiting the whole range of Atlantic cities, and attempting to drown his mental sorrows by mingling in riotous com pany, and qunffing the intoxicating bowl-but in vain. In the act of applying the cup to his lips, or wheeling in the giddy round of bacena nalian pleasure, the figuro would appear glaring and pointing at him. Life soon became a burden, and bhe wished to rid himself of its accumulated horrors-hbus ihe could not. IHe provoked a duel ; but his antagonist fell, aun he escaped unhurt. Then came thewar of the revolution. He entered tihe service, that Ihe might meet tie embhraco of death in the field. But in the midst of the fray, and foremost in the onset, while his conrades were falling around him, hoe was sure to escape unhurt. T'he worm still gnawed at his heart, and death had no power over him. After the peace, he shipped as a sailor, determining to throw himself over board in the midst of the ocean. An invisible power restrained him, and lie could not execute his purpose, while nothing could be more dreadfl thain his situation during his watches at night. If he looked tup, the figure was in the shrouds-if down, it was at his sido glaring full in his face with the same vacant and piteous look nas in the but of Elsio IIallen hake. At Cuba, he could not provoke the Spaniards to assassinate him. lie was once wrecked upon the Double-headed Shot Keys and the whole croew perished but himself-he being rescued, that the scorching fires of his brain might continue to burn. Ite travelled over Europe, to change the scene-but the shade was present with hint still. During the earliest massacres in Paris, when heads were rolling from the scatfold in co!ntless numbers, he couoted the guillotine by all possible means -but without success. Sailing for New Orleans "a pirate darted upon them from an inlet in one of the keys on the coast of Florida. Tihe vessel being an unarmed merclhantman, was captured of course; and he rejoiced, as the savage fel lows sprang on hoard, their eyes flashing fury from their dark fierce countenances. A general massacre commenced, by dirk, handepike, and pistol. A huge, horrible-looking fellow, with shagged coal-black whiskers and. eyebrows, from beneath which his eyes gleamed like sparks of hell, raised a handspiko over hil head, anti he courted its fidl. But just ns the Spaniard was nerving hIis arm for a vigorous blow, it was arrested by an ex clnmation from tihe pirate- captain of "llold! Casin's own countenance, by all the godsl Give the gallows a chance for him as well as us, for if he is'nt marked as one of tire devil's own., write Direk Vandervcer dow.n for an lionost man. It Ie can ; ncip a inay to wasn the plank, or lighten a pocket, or cut a throat equal to any of us, there's nomore truth in phy siognomy than Moll Flanders I! Stand aside there my hearty." Thus was his life again saved, that his mental torture might yet longer be protracted. After plundering and hurning tlhe vessel, the pirates washed their own blood stained deck, changed their colours uand clothes, and put boldly into New Orleans. Escaping thence, Thornton ascended the Mississippi, and joinced himself with tlihe Indins, as the party that he supposed must be defeated in the en counter with IIarmar and St. Clair. Rushing impetuously to the thickest of the fury, neither sabra nor mousket, arrow nor cannon, nor any others messenoers of death, could have the least eflect upon him. The Indiansý ere victorious, because he was among them-and the ven geance of.lIeaven would not allow himi yet to lie killed or captured. Finally, lie returned to the States, the vision still leaving him no rest the fires of lell burning in his boorm'-and lihe mysteriously deprived of the power to take his own life. When the decsolating plague of ycl low fever broko out in Philadelphia, hoe was there, and rejoicotd at thile calamity, as allbrding him a Ihope of deliverance from the torturing pangs of conscience. Here he faced death int lis own dread empire. Seeoing opportunities of exposure, he watched with every oick family that would employ him. He nursed fa?oily after family, colnmmencing with the firet taken sick, and continued untilte t terrible pestilenco loft hilt only living in the house. Ilo brcathed the foulest air, slept in the midst of the pestil tcee, closed the eyes of the dying, and wrap led them in their winding sheets-and all with lmpunity! At the still hour of midnight, ihe vas the first and the last to answer the hoarse sepulchral cry of the rextons-" bring out tihe lead!t" Assisting in lading the "death carts," ho would repair with them to the charnel-houses, and linger there in the hope of breathing a stronger air of contagion Still was the armt of death powerless over him, while the stings of consoience, like tihe lashing of scorpions, grew tharper and sharper every day. At last he re solved to return to IIazlewood, and unbttrden Iis mind by confessing the guilt that lay like a consuming fire upon his soul. But when he arrived his heart again failed him, and had it not been for the miraculous bleeding of the " Sheletoa Hand," Ihe would probably have con inued his wanderings, oppressed by the itn ereasing and unutterableo gonies of remorse and accumulating horrorsl We have mentioned the strange appalling appeorance of Elsio Iallenbako, at the window, at the time of T'hornton's arrest. Slhe, too, had lingered on earth far beyond the period of life allotted to man, defying alike the elements of storms and cold, nas though she could never die. Ilut she was found dead in her misotrabl hovel on the morning after Thornton's execution. 