MR HUMFFRAY AND THE YIGNOLES AFFAIR. (Ik the Editor of the Star..) Sua,—In -the Ballarat Times of the 23rfi instant, I perceive Mr Humffray, in a long letter, complains of two alleged inaccuracies in the report which appeared in your journal of the 19tli, of the speech delivered by him at the Star Hotel, on Monday evening, the 18th inst. Having reported the speech on the occasion, I have examined my .notes, .and find them to be substantially correct. The first statement eomjflaincd of by Mr Humffray is that he is made .to say, with reference to the question put by him to the Attorney- General, respecting Captain Yignoles's decision in,the celebrated horse case, " that the question was to be renewed on the 19th," meaning the 19 th of January. I find on looking over my notes that I Jaave mistaken the date; it should have been the 18th. This does not, howeve*;, alter the material fact. Mr Humffray argues that it is impassible could have said that he meant to renew the uestion, as it was disposed of on the 15th of January, when the Attowiey- General informed him that no official answer had been received with reference to die matter, but when one was received, and if the statement were true, an enquiry would be instituted. Does Mr Humffray answer this was an entire disposal of the case ? Does he niean to say that, had it not been for Mr Rainy's letter from Ballarat that he never would, after a reasonable time had elapsed, have asked the Attorney- General if he was in the possession of the official answer, and what the effect of that answer was? I think no one can doubt that had he not allowed that letter to influence him, whether wrongly or rightly, I shall not stop to enquire, he would have undoubtedly repeated his question. . . The second erroneous statement complained of is, that " Mr Humffray is reported to havjB said, the squatter was entitled to compensation for any land that might be taken from him having substantial buildings upon it." Mr Humffray says, that he stated the compensation was for the buildings standing on any land belonging to the squatter which might be sold to a third party. On examining my notes, I find that I have taken the expression down as reported. It is therefore just as likely that Mr Humffray may have incorrectly expressed himself as that 'I should have misunderstood him I am the more disposed to dispute any charge made by Mr Humffray with regard to the accuracy of reporters' notes, inasmuch as I pcrccive in his letter to which I am alluding, that he repeats his belief that Mr Rainy's communication which justified Captain Yignoles and impugned the Star report, is true. That letter stated, that Captain Yignoles did not say that trying a man for stealing a horse which was dead was " like trying a man for murdering a ghost." Why, sir, is Mr Humffray ignorant of the fact that there are several people connected with the Police Court who could, if put on their oaths, prove the correctness of Sir. Graham's report which appeared in the Stn,K. Yet in the face of this, Mr. Humffray persist* in believing Mr. Rainy's letter, (who by the bye was never in Court at all when the horse case was heard,) in preference to conclusive testimony. If Mr. Humffray will act in this mannner to protect himself because he has done that which ranks, perhaps, no higher than a mistake, I am not surprised at his cavilling at the report of a speech when certain portions of it may be unpleasant to him. I am, Si*, YOUR REPOKTSSU JOHN CHINAMAN HOMEWARD BOUND.— We (Age) extract the following advertisement from the Argus of the 11th instant:— " Wanted to charter a vessel for Chinese passengers direct to Hong iKong. Apply to Wat a Che, 7G Little Bourke-street east." Conceive the effect of such an announcement xo the Tiwee. The fumous " no door mat to night," and " where Eliza," would be thrown quite in the shade. Only imagine John Chinaman ad* vertising in a business-like maiver to charter a passenger vessel for Hong Kong] Who can deny that the march of civilisation has become a "quick step "in this colony. If Mr Darval can only bring his scheme fog: evangelisation to bear, we may yet be able to make something out of this curious race—for whom the amor mmmi— (our contemporary will observe that we have spelt it right this time)—has already done so much in the way of enlightenment. Ovens Constitution.. Printed and published by RICHARD BELFORD, at the " STAR " General Printing Qffloe, Main Road, Bsjlarat 