I ' - RBPRESÉNATIQK OF THE CITY, . j A pubJio meeting of electors favourable to tlie Tcelep, tlon of the Honorable Charlea Cowper and the Honorable Robert Campbell, Esqra,, waa beta last evening at the Exchange Hotel, George-street. The meeting, -which had been convened under the auspices of the general committee, was very numerously atteoded, there being at least two hundred perdons present, exclusive of those who were unable to gain admission to the room in which it was held, a largo number of wham congregated out- side the windows facing Margaret-street. The business of the evening was conducted with the greatest decorum, and but one opinion seemed to prevail as to the pro- priety of the electors using every exertion to secure the return by a triumphant majority of the two honorable gentlemen, in whose behalf the meeting had been called together. Mr. J. G. RAPHAEL having been called to the chair, addressed tho meeting at some length, detailing the cir- cumstances under which the citizens were again called upon to exercise their franchise. Their late members, he contended, had done nothing to forfeit the confidence previously reposed in them, and it was their duty therefore, to rally round them once more, and by an unmistakeable majo- rity to show that they were capable of appreciating the claims of gentlemen who bad so long and so faithfully served them. Having referred to tbe past exertions of Messrs. Cowper and Campbell, in connexion with the transportation question, the Crown Lands management, &c.;, Mr. Raphael proceeded to examine the qualifica- tions of the Gentlemen who had been .molten of as on. pon en ts, viz., Mr. Deas Thomson and Mr. Itobert Tooth ;-neither of whom be said hod the slightest reason for supposing that they were, likely to meet with the sup- port of the great body of the electors of Sydney, however highly they might be respected in their present posi- tions, respectively. He warned the electors to bo up and doing, and not to allow themselves to bo misled by any reports which might have been circulated in order to throw them off their guard. He hud no doubt they would bo prepared for any opposi- tion that could be offered, but nevertheless their best exertions should be used to accomplish the objeot they had in view ; that they might shew the friends of Mr. Thomson and the friends of the big Brewer, that their casks were well coopered, and that they were ready for any emergency that could possibly arise. Mr. Raphael animadverted strongly upon the conduct of the late ministry, and the oppressive nature of the system of taxation which it appeared they had intended to propose, in the shape of gold duties, legacy imposts, &e.; He concluded by advising the electors to stick close together, and to use their best eifortB for the return of the two gentlemen who had servod them so faithfully, and who were actuated in their acceptance of office by no other motive than an earnest dosire to serve the country. The chairman closed his remarks by calling upon Mr. George Brown to move tho first resolution. Mr. GEORGE BROWN, who was received with three cheers, proposed the following resolution : That In the opinion of this meeting, .in order to secure the return of the Ilonorublo Charles Cowper, and the Honorable Itobert Campbell, it is desirable to form strong Ward Committees throughout the city ; and the electors now present belouging to Hie different wards are requested to enrol their names for the above pnrpose. He felt assured that it was perfectly unnecessary for him to urge tho resolution he had just read as every elector must be as fully aware as he was of the impor- tance of carrying it into practical effect. Although it had been stated that Mr. Thomson had declined to come forward thoy must npt take it for certain that he would not yet do so, and, therefore, it was the duty of the liberal electors of the city to be prepared to meet every emergency, and shew their opponents that they were determined and ready to rally round the friends of liberty. Air. TIIIMBT.E seconded the resolution, which «ros put and passed with cheers. Mr. BoBEnx STEWART trnsted that all tho electors present would give in their names before leaving the room. Though it had been stated that Mr. Thomson had retired, and that therefore there would be no oppo- sition, it was their duty to put themselves in a position to secure the return of the two gentlemen they approved of. During tho day thirty or forty individunls had been canvassing for other gentlemen, and that circumstance proved that they had a formidable party opposed to Mr. Cowper and Mr. Campbell. In order, therefore, to place themselves in a safe position all who believed that Mr. Cowper nnd Mr. Campbell were the best qualified to represent thom, ought to enrol themselves as members of committees, so*ns to be in a position this day week to assist in securing the return of their two late members. From the increased numbers on the electoral roll there would require to be 13 or li polling places, at each of which tbreo or four gentlemen would have to atten their candidates. (" Give us a holiday.") Oh ye«. Thursday next would have to bo a holiday. It had been stated thnt Mr. Thomson, if he stood would go in with an overwhelming majority. (*' Jlosb," " Tooth," " Don't he wish he may get it.") When he was told that he asked what had Mr. Thomson done for the city to deserve to be returned ? Nothing but what he had been well paid for. Twelve years ago when he was requested lo throw the lands open to small capitalists,-and could have done it-ho declined-at least ho did nothing in the matter. Well, when the transportation question was before the house he retired, but Mr. Plunkett remained in the house, and vigorously opposed the continuation of transportation. Again, when tho Electoral Act was concocted, Mr. Thomson refused to give to Sydney a fair share in the representation of the country. Ho would only elvo Sydney three members, and it was not him they lind to thank for their now having four members in the Legislative Assembly. The only thing he had done was to secure for himself, under the New Constitution Act, a pension of X'2000 a year out of the pockets of the people. Ho was, therefore, sure, tho electors would -see that Mr. Thomson had done nothing whatever to entitle him to be supported in opposition to the two gentlemen who had devoted their lives, their time, and their energies to promote the best interests of the colony. If tho middle classes would only, one;and nil, put their shoulders to the wheel, Mr. Thomson," though , lio stood, would not succeed in obtaining the votes of one-fourth of tho community. Mr. DnivEn, senior, was greeted with loud cheers. He said, it had been asked who was M'Gregor. (Applause.) Now, he would tell them that tho first grave- digger ho recollected in Sydney was called M-Gregor-(laughter)-and he dug the graves for many a Government officer, and tolled the bells for them too -(laughter and applause)-and he supposed this wa* the last of the M'Gregor's come to dig graves for the remainder of the tories. (Renewed applause.) It was Iiis opinion that this candidate was the ghost of old M'Gregor who dug the graves in his early days. A number of gentlemen bad been spoken of as candidates for the forthcoming election, and he would say let them nil stand on their own merits-that was if they had any, but he didn't know nny who had. (.* Not Cowper and Campbell ?") As for ¡Mr. Tooth, he was a very excellent man to deal with. (Laughter.) He had dealt with him for many years, and had found him a very agreeable creditor. (Laughter and applause.) Mr. Tooth was a very good brewer, but if he brewed good ale why be (Mr. liriver) retailed it (laughter), and those who didn't like his ale let them drink other. (Cheers and laugh- ter.) He wns not thero to speak against either Mr. Tooth or Mr. Thomson. He would only say that neither of those gentlemen would suit him as a representative. He carno thero to support two gentlemen who all along had wrought for him and the rest of tho colony ; and who were respected hy nine- tenths of the people. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) Their oppo- nents were supported by tho would-bo aristocracy -the " geebong" aristocracy. (Great 1 nighter and cheers.) Thero were not many good native fruits in his country but ono " lilypilly" was worth all tho " geebong" aristocracy, and in his opinion Cowper on»I Campbell were both " lilypillys". (Cheers and laughter.) They were both tried and good men. Mr. Cowper had been in the Council since the first establishment of a representative legislature. Both Mr. Campbell and Mr. Cowper wore too liberal in their opinions for some of their " geebong" aristocracy, who came out here with a bundle of red tape, a roll of bobbin, a packet of pins, nod a cask or two of herrings (laughter)-anil set themselves up os merchants, and who after going through the insolvent court two or three times wunt home as gentlemen with a few thousand pounds. (Cheers.) Mr. Cowper and Mr. Campbell had not perhaps given such as these satisfaction ; but it would be a disgrace to those whom they had served if they were now to desert them. (Uenr, hear, and cheers.) If any elector was not satisfied with those gentlemen he would have him go and openly ask them their reasons fur acting in any way that had offended them, and he was sure thut either Mr. Cowper or Mr. Campbell would ba able to give a sativfuctory explanation. (Cheers.) With those few observations he would conclude, as he was ni th er unwell and not able to talk much un that occasion. Jlr. O-. C. Reto requested nny gentlemen _ who could sn-gest Knj oourso calculated to increase their surety of snicess, should eoaio forward and address tho meeting. TUB note of ala-ns which thoy sounded last night h id been responded ia in so hearty n manner, cs to firow dismay itío £UE , enemy'jt camp. (Applause.) ¡ .Tfce, Wbenù pa*ty wer« not tuleen,-but were'v*U)ng to see, > W there-ii« to ba «ny apposition, offered tq their candidates j «n4 immediately thu, they fam\4 there was they haro pp to wind. ward. ««4 toa]; the wind out oj their enemy's, sails, (Hear, hear,) If it were true that Mr. Thomson had left the field they had already obtained the victory, for he did not believe there were two men in the colony fit to oppose Mr. Cowper and Mr. Campbell. After Mr. Thomson, Mr. Mort and Mr. Whistler Smith might be brought forward-and he bad just been reminded that Mr. Smith's greatest quality was, that he was a good whistler-(laughter) but he felt confident that neither of those two gentlemen would have a shadow of a chance. The result of such an opposition would be to prove the superiority of the liberal interest. (Cheers.) Now he would ask who were the men at the back of Mr. Donald- son ; were they not the faction that the liberal interest had been fighting against for years, for the establish- ment of representative Government. (Hear, hear.) Now that they had obtained representative Government, and had shown they were able to take the reins of power in their own hands-now that they had forced the conservative party to give up the reins,-the conser- vatives were endeavouring by every stratagem, to get the power back again,-but the meeting of |ast night had told them that all their endea- vours would be in vain, that they would be tho- roughly defeated ; and the meeting to-night ought to confirm them of that fact. (Hear, hear.) They had only to organise themselves into strong work- ing committees, and when the time came go to work in right good earnest in order to secure the return of Mr. Cowper and Mr. Campbell. If they did that they might depend on the country districts, as previously, follow- ing the example of Sydney, and returning such men, when they were called upon to do so, as would com mand general confidence. Class legislation in this en- lightened time would not do. What was wanted was equal laws for all classes—rich and poor, high and low. (Cheers.) The working classes did not wish to have laws passed that would give them any advantages to the injury of the more opulent, and on the other hand they did not wish the rich to have advantages at their expense. (Hear and cheer3.) All they wanted was fair play between man and man. One of the most important questions that would come before the legisla- ture would be the land question, and they all knew that the Donaldson Ministry was opposed to such measures as would enable every man to become a freeholder. Mr. ALUIN impressed upon the meeting the duty of the liberal electors acting unitedly fur the support of the people's government. The CHAIIMAN then called the attention of the meet- ing to be held in the Royal Hotel to-night, at which lie said Mr. Cowper and Mr. Campbell were expected to be present. A large number of names were then entered on the lists of the several Ward Committees, and after three cheers for Mr. Cowper, Mr. Campbell and the Chairman, the meeting separated. 