"TIlE SIGHIT SIDE OF NATURE." Mr. O-d C--m sys he never believed in g"osas until resterday morning. He had re .inle at his office late on Tuesday evening on puepae to -nead, without interrupion. hr. C?rons beck ceild the." Night Side of Sa ta?e," which he had boimowel from a friend with the stipubtion that it was to be returned the next mwcaing. lie had been gentl si?n ping at some Dutch Extr.?t of the iest water. the whilo he had listened with a growing fascination to the spirit-ri-pings of rlre. Carw's goose quill at the portals of his deaf any and dowoy and hed to be awakenkd snape stition. At Iast hI .led concluded his gl- n its from the world of ghosts and banshoes. of elvce and umpires; he quraael offanother glass of I?ioehe-wss.r, utrtee; a pious hie cupping, a comfident pooh-pooh, buttoned up bis coat, banged the door, and strode across the grim waste of the 3lrker~square, whist lig " Down amongst the dead inen," in mockerr of IMrs. Creo and in'deeance of all her ghosts. The town clock struck twel?e. (At this portion of his recital we interrupted MIr. O- C-, reminding him that the town clock had not yet been erected in the Market squre, and was ineapable of st arHt,-nany abiag at all-unlcon it wer nastonishmcnt in the minds of the townfolk at the apathy of the corporation. Hiowever. be persisted in a?nerting that he heard it sotike twelve quite distinctly. Perhaps it wnas merely the lrin lag in his ear of the tumbler and spoon which he had knocked the table on tsing to leave his ofiee.)-The town clock tolled twelve, and the echoes floated like mufledroicesover the dismal swamp and among the gh?stlv gu, teesm. ir. O- C- strnuck his chest, deed his hat down over his ears, pulled his thigh boots firmly up his lgsstuck his walk nag stick atles fourinches and ahalf in the corporation mud near the water tank. began singing "Villikins and his Dinah" ?ao voee, felt cold, ti o pot both his cglores on his eth and, and in the attempt fell over his walking- stick, ot up agin, sang SCheer, boys, cheer," and oalke steadily up Moorabool- treet, propping himself up oceasionally against a doorpot, and every now and then sitting down and repoing foren moment on the kebstone, just by way of serting his rights as a brgess and a rate payer. In this way he gradually proceeded uohwared. A fine moon was shining, and assisted r. o- C- grentlr ibhis apparent attempt to te over has knr in all the worst puddles on the Geeloog fot-path. Suddenly he perceived a boot lying on the ground right before him-a thigh boot-a verr long and lanky looking boot, bt sll a boot. He stopped to gae at it, and after apotro. phisg it for a fw momnenta, as his " on lostbcsx best and only friend," he stooped down to clasp it to hi arm, but started with earor at finding it was impalpable to his tocl. His hand passed the rouh it and he picked up nothin but some cold black mud thatsent a shiver up his arm right through his frame. The boot was plainly there hough, -a long bhostly, rha -tnylooking corpse of a boot ! Mr. 0-C;- is not by any means a man of a naturally nervous emperament, but this mos smange andatuacounmblepbantem appalter hi. Here was evidently a judg ment upon his unbeliel He thought of is. Crow, and wundeed whether she had sent her thigh boot towrhim from his acepti. ma He sat beside the booet and wept; the he tikledthe boot, but itdidnotmoe; he lied topaush it along, but it remained fm as adaant init place, and yet offeredn resis tance to bin touch ;-at last in?d?spair he sa down upon the boot and howled.-He sars he remembers nothing more, excepting that he awoke next moning and faund himsf in the watbbhouse. As the constable who rook biminto cursrtdyswoe that he was drunk, Mr. 0-- C-had topay a fine of 10s. to the p?er-box; but he delaes he was neer- more soaberin is life. What would appear to beat him ont in his testioonyr econcern the appa rition which had caused his temporary fright and conseqnent swon and snbsequent inag meat in the lokup, is the fact that other par tier, whrse veracity is unimpeachable and whose freedom from unpermitin is underi able, vouch to hasing wit esosthe self same . spectre whieh appalled Mr. O-C-, . and in perisely tre same spt. The myscT, how ever, remins nncapleed. 