LAYING THE foundation-stone of THE CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL. f We congratulate the Catholics of South Australia on. the arrival of this interesting day. We have assisted their clergy hi depositing tlie corner-stone of a noble church, destined hereafter to grace the city of Adelaide, and become a building worthy of their piety and zeal. There was a large concourse of people assembled to witness the interesting ceremonial, which was per formed by the Itev. Michael Ryan, who, owing to the illness of* his Lordship, Dr Murphy, presided on the occasion. He was assisted by the Rev. Messrs Smith, Snell, Maurice, Fallan, Hughes, O'Brien, and Krane wetter. On the arrival of the reverend gentlemen on the ground, they proceeded to vest themselves in their surplices, &c.;, in a little pavilion erected close to the foundation- stone. When vested, the ceremony com menced according to the Lituale Romanian, with the blessing of tho spot chosen as the high altar, and after wards the foundations. They then said the prayers according to the above rite, which included the bene ilictio lap id is, Lit unite Sanctorum, &c.;, & c. The stone s then lowered under the superintendence of G. S. Kihgston, during which the Rev. Michael Ryan pro nounqpb'the following words:— "In fide Jesu Christi Collocamus Lapidem istam primarium in hoc fundamento, in nomine Patris, et Filii, et Spiritus Sancti, ut vigeat vera fides hie, ct timer Dei, fraternaque dilectio; et sit hie locus destinatus orationi, et ad iqvocandum nornen ejusdern Domini nostri Jesu Christi, qui cum Patre et Spiritu Sancto vivit et regnat Deus per omnia specula saeculorum. Amen." Of which the following is a translation :— "In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this first stone in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; to the end that the true faith, the fear of God, and fraternal Charity may flourish here; and that this place may be given to prayer, and to invoking the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, with the Father and the Holy Ghost, lives and reigns God, for ever and ever. Amen." When the stone was laid, the clergy walked in pro cession round the foundation, and, after a prayer, The Rev. Mr Smith addressed the assembly and said —The custom of setting certain places apart as sacred and holy—of dedicating them to the worship and honour of the Most High, is as old as the race of men. When God appeared to the Patriarchs, they usually erected altars on the spot where the apparition took place, and during the forty years which the Israelites spent in the desert, they carried about with them the tabernacle or moveable cliurch, the plan of which was made and given by Gad himself to Moses on the mountain. David, the King, first formed the intention of creating a permanent temple to the worship of the living God ; and though the work of building it was reserved for Solomon, his son, still, the Almighty was pleased with David, and blessed him and his seed for ever. From that time until Christianity had taken possession of the world—fully a thousand years and more—this was the only temple dedicated to the worship of the true God; it was the pride and glory of Jerusalem; it was the centre of attraction for every Jew's heart, and even in exile we find them weeping by the rivers of Babylon, when they remembered Sion; their harps and other musical instruments were hanging on the willows, and the mourners asking " how could they sing the song of the Lord in a strange land !" But Christianity came— and the Gospel ndrafts no distinction between Jew or Gentile, bond or free. The Church is more spacious than was the Synagogue. The one is bounded only by the confines of the earth; the other could never extend far beyond Palestine. Indaism had a temple—only one —where alone it was lawful to oft'er sacrifice. The Catholic Church counts liers by the million, some of which are incomparably greater than Solomon's ever was, with its boasted size and beauty, and golden treasures. Oh ! how truly did God speak, by the mouth of liis Prophet, " from the rising of the sun even to his going down, my name is great among the Gentiles, and in every place there is a sacrifice, and there is offered to my name a clean oblation, for my name is great among the Gentiles, saith the Lord of Hosts." " In every place there is sacrifice." When the three first centuries of persecution had passed, and the church got a little breathing time, she began to come forth from the caverns of the wide desert, and from the catacombs of great cities, and to show herself openly to society, and to direct the destinies of men. For a long time she was forced to " offer sacrifice " and " clean oblations" on tombs of the martyrs in silent, k lonely places, and in the damp depths of the Roman catacombs; but, when the storm passed, and she be ^Acame free to speak out, and to act openly in the world, PKimmediately under her influence, magnificent temples and glorious churches springing up in every province and city, and almost in every village of the whole Roman empire. Many of which remain even to this very day, like so many precious legacies which our forefathers in the faith bequeathed to us a thousand \- years ago and more. Oh! Surely the "name of God did become great among the Gentiles." Heathen temples were converted into Christian churches. The idols fell before fhe cross ; and, in every plaee, from the rising of the sun-to'his setting, " sacrifice" and " cleau oblations" are offered to the only true God." The Jews would not sing the songs of him in a strange land, for the child of the Catholic church, no land is strange. He is at "home everywhere—at home in scorched up Africa, and in the frozen woods of North America— at home in inhospitable Asia as well as in royal and civilised Europe. And with half a world between him and the place of his birth; he is comfortably at home here in Australia, and is to-day engaged in laying the foundation-stone of his future Cathedral, where he will sing the " Song of the Lord and kneel and pray, and adore and forget the outer world for a while, in order to return to it a holier and a better man—where he will hear the same doctrine, and receive the same sacra ments, which in childhood he heard and received, when brought to the house of God by a fond father or an affectionate mother, perhaps, for the first time. And what a glorious thing it is, to build, or help to build, the Christian temple ! To prepare a habitation —a home on earth for Him whose throne is the heavens, and the earth his footstool! This was the idea that animated the disciples of Jesus Christ in every age, and prompted them to raise those noble piles of building, which appear massive enough, and strong enough, to wear out time itself; and, in the raising of which, all the .fine arts developed themselves thoroughly, and men beheld in God's house all the beauty that archi tecture, sculpture, and painting could contribute to render it as worthy of God as man could make. And then for musio ! It was at the foot of the altar that men, like Palestrina, conceived those strains of heavenly sound, more werthy of angelic than of human choirs. And who raised these wonders of art and beauty ? Whence came the funds that gave to God houses like these, to eclipse the palaces of the greatest, and proudest, and richest monarehs that ever had men for subjects, or the world for an empire ? And how did it happen that buildings of this kind were sprinkled thickly over every kingdom and province where Christianity holds sway— where the Church has children? Listen while I tell you who raised them. Men fdll of living faith; men who knew so much about God's greatness and geodness as to feel as if they could never do enough for Him ; men who could never live in fine houses and richly ornamented palaces and sec God's house poor, and mean, and empty—made of four cold walls, which would answer just as well for a granary. Whence came the funds tor their erection r They came from all, from every one ; the rich gave richly and liberally, and the poor according to their means, and none - grew tired be fore the work was done. A united people can do any thing ; men seemed to emulate each other in doing the work of God, and so you can account for the countless rich and glorious cathedrals and churches that cover the fair face of sunny Italy—and fair Spain—and France—and England—and dear old -Ireland. And ^»n were not impoverished by their liberality, while . y^ey were rendered happy. Thev knew that they could "overcome God in generosity. What they do to Him, or for TTim, He restored in a thousand different ways, for " the earth and the fullness thereof belongs to Him." Imitate ito-day the pious liberality of your fathers, let each lend the helping hand, and you will be able soon to look with a holy pride at your Cathedral finished. You will find an inward satisfaction that you helped to build it. At the conclusion of the rev. gentleman's address, which was listened to attentively throughout, a collection was made, which realized nearly £300. The committee wished especial mention to be made of the kindness of his Excellency the Governor, who sent a contribution to the Church on the morning ot the ceremony. On the stone was deposited a bottle, containing coins of the current reign, and the following inscription:— " Haruin sacrarum tedium primam lapidem posuit admodum Rcverendus Michael Ryan, V.G., deputatus ab Episcopo Primo Adelaidensis Francisco Murphy, duodeciina septiiua Martii Anno reparatoc Salutis. Millesimo Octigentesimo quinquagesimo sexto.—Ponti ficatus Pie Noni, P.P., Aurio decimo.—llequiniusque j Victoriee Anglice Regime Vigessimo—Preside Provin- J cice Australia! Meridionatis Ricardo Graves MacDon nell, Equite." Ilis Lordship deserves the thanks of his fellow-colo nists, for his judicious care in choosing for his first Episcopal Church, designs, which, when carried out, will form a standard for those who follow him. The following are the proportions of the building to be first roofed in, and include the nave and aisles. The chancel side chapel and sacristy porch, tower, and spire, will be for a future day. The present contract include a length of 80 feet, divided into 5 bays by piers i and arches, on which is a clcresting pierced with double lancet windows. The aisles are also lighted by larger double lancet windows. The width of the building is 52 feet, divided with nave and aisles, the form 13 feet, 6 inches, the latter 2-3 feet wide. From the floor line to the summit of ridge-roll the height will he 57 feet. The aisle walls, 17 feet high. A very graceful feature of this building will be an arcade running along the cleresling formed by repeating the window arches each way inside, the effect oi this will be very fine when the building is completed. The roof principals are received by slender shafts rvraning down the cleresting walls into the capitals of the columns, and then continued as a remoulding solid floor ; this also, is a very beautiful feature in tlie general design. The centres of the arches arc pierced with quatvefoies, which will prove very effective in tlie view of the : interior; Tor the present, slight walls only will enclose the ends of the buildings, and a temporary screen • divide the sanctuary from the body of the church, and form, a side chappl and sacrity's. Such are the chief features of this building—economy stamps the general i designs with stern lines, but there is no weakness or l poorness of design, it is a masterly, correct, and telling I adaptation of simple, slender means to a great and I noble end. j 