MOUNT TORRENS PLOUGHING MATCH. Tuesday, October 14. Judges — Mr. John Fisher, of the Grange, Goodwood, Mr. Thomas Donoghue, of Blakiston; and Mr. Samuel Dawson, of Gumeracha. The annual ploughing match at Mount Torrens took place as above on a section of land belonging to Mr. James Bond, landlord of the Mount Torrens Inn. The land consists of maiden soil, of a deep loam inclining to sand, partially wooded, and slightly undulating, with a hollow running along the centre, A more unpropitious day could scarcely be imagined. The early morning was cold, gloomy, and menacing, with heavy clouds overshadowing the country, extending from the zenith to the horizon. About 8 o'clock a drizzling rain began to fall, which continued without a minute's intermission throughout the whole day. This prevented several ploughmen from a distance attending, who, it was expected, would have appeared on the field as competitors. The attendance of spectators was also very small, con- sisting of few persons besides those who were immediately interested in the match. Another circumstance also contributed to lessen the number of visitors. On the same afternoon a public tea-meeting was held at the Bible Christian Chapel, established at Mount Torrens, which attracted most of the ladies and some of the gen- tlemen resident in the district. At 9 o'clock the following entries were taken on the ground by Mr. Edward Prescott, the Honorary Secre- tary. The numbers correspond to those drawn, and bullock teams are distinguished by an asterisk :— MEN'S CLASS No. Owners. Ploughmen. 2\. Richard Perkins - R. Perkins, jun. 3.* Thomas Fullwood - Owner. 4.* James Hay - Robert Hay. 5\. David Catchside - Robert Brown. 6.* William Inglis - Owner. 7\. Thomas Corkhill - Robert Wakeham. 8\. *Richard Tucker - William Tucker. 9\. J. D. Cave - Edward Dempsey. BOY'S CLASS 1.* F.McKenzie - Alexander McKenzie. 2.* James Hay - Archibald Hay. The teams were started, by the firing of a gun, at 10 0 clock. The following rules were enforced:— Sixty-four rods to be ploughed In two lands, of 12 feet each, in five hours. The furrows to be not more than nine inches wide, nor less than five inches deep. Non-subscribers—Men to pay 5s. each; boys free. All the competitors completed their work before the expiration of the appointed time. Every one of them was thoroughly drenched with the rain; but they bore this with a placid indifference worthy of a stoic. The Judges carefully examined the ground. Their decision will be found below. THE DINNER. Of course the day's proceeding were closed with a dinner; this was provided at the Mount Torrens Hotel. The long room was filled with guests; another could not have found a vacant seat. The viands were plentiful in quantity, and excellent in kind and quality. An epicure could not have desired more. The chair was occupied by Mr. John Fisher, supported by Messrs. Donoghue and Cooke. Mr. J. D. Cave filled the vice-chair. The CHAIRMAN gave ''The health of the Queen, Prince Albert, the Prince of Wales, and ths rest of the Royal Family, and of His Excellency the Governor," which were severally drunk with three cheers. The Secretary then read the decision of the Judges, as follows:— MEN'S CLASS First prize, £6— No. 6, William Inglis. Second prize, £4— No. 9, Edward Dempsey. Third prize, £3— No. 4, Robert Hay. Fourth prize, £2— No. 2, Richard Perkins, jun. Fifth prize, £1— No. 5, Robert Brown. BOY'S CLASS First prize, £3— No. 1, Alexander McKenzie. Second prize, £2— No. 2, Archibald Hay. The CHAIRMAN distributed the prizes to the several successful competitors, as above. He stated, in reference to No. 9, that the Judges had awarded the prize to this com- petitor with considerable reluctance, on account of the ploughing being barely deep enough; No. 8 was well ploughed, but too shallow to take a prize; and the ridge was not equally divided. Mr. WALKER proposed, ''Success to the Agricultural Interest of South Australia,'' in a few appropriate remarks. Mr. PERKINS responded, and remarked that there were proofs of the industry and exertions of the agriculturists to be seen on every hand. Mr. DAWSON, jun, proposed ''The Health of the Suc- cessful Competitors.'' He had never before experienced the difficulty which the Judges had to contend with in coming to a decision. They had endeavoured to do their duty, and he hoped they had given satisfaction. Mr. INGLIS responded. Mr. FANAGER proposed "The Health of the Unsuc- cessful Competitors.'' He had seen ploughing done worse than theirs at other matches. If they endeavoured to improve they would take the prizes next year. Mr. JOSEPH COOKE proposed ''The Health of the Judges,'' which was drunk with musical honours. Mr. DONOGHUE returned thanks. To do so was a much more easy task than to examine the ground. They had great difficulty in reaching the ploughing on account of the water, but still greater difficulty in coming to a decision. The Judges who acted with him were very zealous and conscientious in awarding the prizes. In reply to the Vice- Chairman, he stated that No. 9 was not considered entitled to the first prize on account of there being some grass shown, and the finish not being good. The VICE-CHAIRMAN expressed his disappointment at the decision of the Judges. He certainly considered that the ploughing done by his own man was far superior to any other in the field. But he did not wish to dispute the point, for he regarded the Judges as being better qualified to form an opinion than himself. The CHAIRMAN corroborated the statement of Mr. Donoghue in reference to the ploughing of No. 9, which he again stated was scarcely the proper depth. Some further remarks and explanations followed, which were terminated by one of the gentlemen present singing a song. The VICE-CHAIRMAN proposed "The Legislative Council of the Colony.'' The Legislative Council was their first instalment of self-government. It placed them in a better position than the inhabitants of the mother country, for in the colony every man deserving the name could give his vote without fear. He believed the mem- bers of Council had done their duty conscientiously, but in some respects he differed from them in opinion. The great error they had committed was, in his opinion, the arrangement of a Parliament composed of two Chambers. He did not know where they would find in the colony fifty-four men capable and willing to represent them. Judging from the past, they would become 'small by degrees and beautifully less.' He also thought that the 'country element' was not made sufficiently predominant in the Legislature. He would also impress upon them the necessity of demanding from the candidates for public honours at the next elec- tion, a pledge to support an amendment of the District Councils Act, particularly as it regards the assessment of improved property. The Impounding Act also required improvement. At present it was a premium to knavery. He did not mean to say that all the poundkeepers were knaves, but the Act did all that could be done by an Act of Council to make them such. As an illustration he related a circumstance of the sale of a horse, by a pound- keeper, for a mere trifle, to a publican's son, whilst the publican himself was regaling those who attended the sale with 'nobblers round'. The CHAIRMAN referred to his examination before the Select Committee on Distillation, and stated that his reply, that corn could be grown at 5s. per bushel, was on the assumption that it would be distilled on the spot. He had not calculated on the cartage to Adelaide. He believed that the farmers could afford to distil from mixed corn to advantage. He had learned from a Scotch distiller that a bushel of corn would yield a gallon and three-quarters of spirit, which could be manufactured for 2s. a gallon. It had been asked why should they seek for a repeal of the Distillation Act, whilst they could find a market for their produce? He would reply, that a cook ought not to wait till the pot boiled over before looking for the ladle. (Laughter.) He was confident that the farmers would be able to distil enough spirits, not only for home consumption, but for exportation, if tbe present Distillation Act were to be repealed. The VICE-CHAIRMAN referred to the advantages which the farmers in the Talunga District would experience by the establishment of a store on the banks of the Murray for the storeage of flour intended for the Murray traffic. He thought there should be a public meeting called upon the subject. The CHAIRMAN stated that he had recently impressed the same subject upon some of the merchants in Adelaide, whom he informed that a great deal of the wheat and flour which had hithearto been sent into town would, in future, be sent to the Murray direct from that district. He proposed ''Success to the Murray trade,'' and coupled with it the name of Captain Cadell. Drunk with three cheers. The VICE-CHAIRMAN referred to the necessity of an effort being made to get a bridge erected across the Torrens to connect North Gumeracha with the other parts of the district, which, he said, was much more re- quired than the bridge at Paradise. He stated that funds had been set aside for that purpose two or three years ago. The settlers should have urged upon the Central Road Board the necessity of constructing the bridge. The traffic across the Torrens at the place to which he referred was three times greater than at Para- dise, where a bridge was about to be constructed. Mr. EDWARD PRESCOTT proposed ''The Press of South Australia.'' They all knew that whatever evils they laboured under, the best means they had to get them remedied was by appealing to the public through the press. They were by this means made known through out every part of the colony. Mr. HOLDEN returned thanks. Mr. WALKER proposed ''The Ladies.'' There was a great difference in their dispositions. Some required to be coaxed, some to be led, and others to be driven, but they were all agreeable and useful. If the male sex would only study how to manage the fair sex they could do so with ease. (Laughter.) The VICE-CHAIRMAN returned thanks. He did so with great pleasure, because they were indebted to the female sex for a great many comforts and conveniencies of life. Their influence upon society was very great. As the mothers of the rising race they were destined to a great extent to effect a very powerful influence upon the com- munity. He thought that at all their convivial meetings they should toast the ladies, and do so with the greatest possible respect (Hear, hear.) Mr. PRESCOTT proposed ''The Chairman's Health.'' He referred to that gentleman as being much respected in the district by all who knew him. He was at all times ready to promote the interests of the settlers, of which he had given proof that day. He was the only gentleman of the three that had been written to, request- ing them to act as Judges, who had complied by at- tending. (Cheers.) The CHAIRMAN returned thanks. It was very grati- fying for him to find that they still cherished the same kindly feeling towards him that they had manifested when he lived in the district. He had resided amongst them for a long time, which he should always regard as the happiest years of his life. The healths of ''The Vice- Chairman,'' and of ''The Host and Hostess,'' concluded the toasts of the evening. Some capital songs were sung during the evening, which, as a whole, was spent in a very agreeable manner. The company, ''loath to depart,'' did not separate till a late hour. AGGREGATION OF ACCIDENTS AT PAYNEHAM. —A series of accidents occurred at Payneham on Thurs- day evening, which ended fatally to a horse, bnt less seriously than might have been espected to the human beings concerned. Mr. Nurse wns returning from town to his home on the Torrens, when the lights from the Duke of Wellington Inn trighteaing tbe Horse he was driving, the animal, a quiet old pony, suddenly' swerved from the metalled portion of the road, and one wheel of the vehicle dropping into the drain alongside, Mr. Nurse was precipitated from his seat by the shock, and was thrown to the ground upon his head with great force. The pony, finding himself freed from control, started off at a furious pace, and after sundry collisions along the road, was finally pulled up by a post at Alford's, Glynde Inn, where the vehicle was knocked to pieces. In the meantime Mr. Nurse's son (Mr. James Nune), who had been waiting in the Duke of Wellington for his father's coming up, jumped on his horse and pursued the flying qua Imped, supposing that some one was in the vehicle, but not at first aware that it belonged to his father* On arriving at Alford's young Mr. Nwseof course recog nised the horse and cart, and becoming alarmed about his father's safety, at once galloped back with more haste thai) caution along the road towards Payneham. On Ms way he was met by a team of bullocks dragging an empty dray at a smart trot, and in the darkness came into vio lent collision with one of the bullocks. The horn of tho beast entered the flank of the horse, and both horse and rider were thrown violently to the ground: Mr. Nurse's leg was broken, and the horse so badly injured that he died a few hours afterwards. The broken limb was reset by Dr. Wark, and on the following day the patient was progressing as favourably as was possible under the cir cumstances. Mr. Nurse, sen., fortunately escaped with no further injury than a severe bruise on his forehead. HOPE VALLEY SCHOOL-HOUSE. — On Monday evening last a public meeting was held, according to ad- vertisement, in the School-house, Hope Valley, to con- sider what steps should be taken to secure the services of a teaeher. Mr. T. W. Barnes was called to the chair. The proceedings were of a conversational character, and related to the origin and progress of the school. The meeting was adjourned until Monday evening next. Chapel AsyrvEE3ABT, Yaskamila. — A lorrespondent says— 'Three interesting sermons were -reaehed at Harcourt Wcsleyan Chapel. Bald Hills, Yan caliila, on Sunday, the 12th instant, by the Rev. B.C. ?lockart, on the occasion of its first anniversary. On ;he following Monday, a tea-meetiug was held, and a m'jlic meeting terminated the festive services. All these iorviec3 were highly interesting, and very numerously ittended. This beautiful chnpel has of late been nicely Mastered, and lurnished with cedar pnlpit and fi'tings. i spontaneous spirit of liberality was the distinguishing result of a series of animating addresses delivered by the Kevds. E. C. Flockaxt, John Harcourt, C. Colwell, and Messrs. Lee, Kelly, Leak, and Stephens. The additional jipenses incurred amounted to about £80, and arrange ments were accordingly made by the congregation as sembled to defray the debt.' Teetotal Meeting. — A total abstinence meeting was held at Queenstown on the evening of Thursday last, Mr. C. Denton in the chair. Addresses ivere delivered to a numerous and respectable audience by Mr. Cole and several other gentlemen from Adelaide. In accordance with a resolution submitted to the meet ing, and unanimously carried, a branch Sociely of the parent one in Adelaide was formed, under the name of ''The Port Adtlaide, Alberton, and Queenstown Branch Total Abstinence Society,' for the maiagement of which a Committee of cisrht was appointed, with Mr. Denton as Secretary. At ths conclusion of the meeting 21 per sons signed (he pledge. Tictoeia Theatre. — Mr, Turner, a pains taking and popular actor, took liis benefit last evening, and had a good house. The pieces were ' Jack Shep pard' and 'The King's Gardener.' The same pieces are announced for this evening. Cricket. — TIte admirers of this noble and manly game are reminded of tbe opening match of the Adelaide Cricket Club, which will be played on the North Park Lands this afternoon. We understand that members of the other local clubs have been invited to join them in the afternoon's amusement, and may therefore expect a great treat, as it will doubtless attract the best bats of the colony. GLBirELG,BBIGHTON,A2rD ADEIiAIDE BlTILD nrs SocrsTT.— The usual monthly meeting of this So ciety was held on Wednesday evening last at the Glenel? Hotel, whea tiro shares were sold at aa average price of £1515!. SUDDEN DEATH OF CAPTAIN ALLEN.— Yes- terday morning the intelligence of the sudden death of Captain William Allen occasioned a universal feeling of deep sorrow. The deceased was one of the most kind hearted and liberal men with whom the colony has ever been blessed, and his ample means enabled him to gra tify his charitable disposition to its full extent. In him, the colony and many of the poorer inhabitants have lost a true and generous friend. The deceased entered the Hon. East India Company's navy at an early age, and. afterwards went into what is termed 'the country trade,' remaining for 23 years in and about India. He was one of the smartest commanders in the merchant service. So much so, that we were assured by a gentleman who was in India at the time that the Admiral on the station especially noticed his management of his vessel, and in vited him on board the Flagship, by way of compliment. He possessed, also, that cool courage so necessary for the captain of a ship manned, as such vessels are, by the natives of the East. Of this he gave a memorable instance when in command of the Ann, homeward-bound from China to Bombay, in 1833 or 1834, with a crew of 150 men. The greater part of them rose in sudden mutiny, led on by the gunner, an old Manila man. They had killed one of the mates, disabled the other, and murdered 20 or 30 of the men before the captain was aware of what was going forward. He rushed up to the deck on hearing the confusion, and was informed of the state of things by a dying sailor who had been stabbed and thrown over into the chains. At that time the ship was in possession of the mutineers, the few surviving men who had not joined them having taken to the rigging for safety. The night was dark— the captain was alone and unarmed. He snatched an oar from one of the men, and by a single fortunate blow knocked down the ringleader from the poop and killed him. A. voice from among the mutineers cried out, "There's the captain, knock his brains out!" but to this there was no response. The ruffians, de prived of their leader, and believing the captain to have his pistols with him, yielded their accustomed obedience to his orders, and all went below as he directed them. Then he called down the men from the rigging, and with their assistance brought up his prisoners one by one and ironed them. Having thus subdued this formidable rising, he took the ship safely into Singapore, where the offenders were tried and several of them exe cuted. He then continued his voyage to Bombay, the merchants and underwriters of which city presented him with a handsome service of plate in commemoration of his gallant exploit. Soon after this he returned to Eng land, where he remained only three years, and sailed from London in the Buckinghamshire, reaching Adelaide in March, 1839. One of his first transactions in the colony was the purchase, conjointly with his friend, Mr. John Ellis, of two-thirds of the "Milner Estate," comprising 4,000 acres of land in the neighbourhood of Port Gawler. It was this transaction with Mr. George Milner Stephen that led to the trial, the report of which the Mel bourne Argus has lately reprinted from the South Australian Register, together with comments which at present form the subject of criminal proceedings in Victoria. Mr. Ellis purchased Captain Allen's interest in the property about 12 months ago. In the year 1845 Captain Allen joined several other capitalists in the purchase of the Burra Mine, and the formation, under its present arrangements, of the South Australian Mining Association, of which he has since been Vice Chairman and Chairman. At the time of his death he was one of the directors, besides being, as the holder of 228 shares, the largest colonial proprietor. (Mr. Graham, now in Germany, holds 415 shires). In July, 1853, Captain Allen paid a visit to England in the Charlotte Jane, commanded by Captain Laurence, who is at pre sent in our port as captain of the Orient. He returned by the Circassian a year ago, and intended, had he lived, taking another voyage to England in February next. We have already referred to Captain Allen's liberal assistance to public charities. His generosity was of the most catholic kind, preferring, indeed, his own church, the Church of England but aiding every sect in its attempts to establish and maintain religious worship. As an instance of this, we may cite his last known act of liberality— a donation of £30 to the North Adelaide Wes leyan Chapel, and some recent contributions to the Roman Catholics. But his great object was the establishment upon an efficient scale of the Col - legiate School of St. Peters, of which, in con junction with the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, he was one of the original promoters in 1849, and to which, at various times since, he has presented no less than £7,000. We may add, though it is not perhaps generally known, that his private charity, has been extensive, and most judiciously exercised. Captain Allen has for some time been in a doubtful state of health, but there was nothing to give his friends immediate alarm, and during the last few days he was as well and in as good spirits as usual. He was at the Collegiate School on Thursday, and took a good dinner and tea at his own house, on East-terrace. In the evening he walked in the garden, as he was accus tomed to do, but shortly after coming in he com plained of illness, and his housekeeper sent for Dr. Moore. She assisted him to bed, but before the arrival of professional aid, and very soon after the commencement of the attack, he died, from the effect of enlargement of the heart— a disease which fre quently occasions sudden death. The melancholy event was not generally known till the next morning, when the usual notice was given to the proper authorities, and Mr. Charles Mann, the Special Magistrate, visited the house in lieu of Mr. Stevenson, the Coroner, who was unable to act from illness. There, in the presence of Messrs. Henry Ayers, George Wright Hawkes, and Ed ward Castres Gwynne, the executors of the deceased gentleman, and also of Mr. Robert Walter Moore, his medical attendant, and Mr. John Ellis, his old personal friend, Mr. Mann viewed the body, and received the following solemn declarations:— Mary Moore stated that she was housekeeper to the de ceased. He came in from the garden about half-past 9 the previous evening. He said he was sick. Gave him some warm water, and afterwards some weak brandy and water; then got him to bed, and endeavoured to get him to take some more brandy and water. He said he was dying. He said nothing to her after that. He com plained of sickness, but could not vomit. Shortly after he spoke to her he died. Sent for Dr. Moore and Mr. Ayers. Deceased made a good dinner at half-past 3, and appeared in his usual spirits. Was sure, from what she knew of the deceased, that his death was the result of natural causes. Robert Walter Moore stated that he had been the medical attendant of the deceased, William Allen, for the last three years, and could speak as to the state of his health. His constitution had latterly been breaking up. He had been suffering from shortness of wind, lassitude, and loss of appetite. He was also suffering under an enlargement of the heart, which would account for his sudden death. Had examined the body. There was no appearance of external violence. Had heard the account given by his housekeeper, Mrs. Mary Moore, and felt assured that the deceased died from natural causes. There were livid spots on the surface of tbe body, which demonstrated that the circulation was impeded, and that would cause death. The Coroner decided that it was unnecessary to hold an inquest, the deceased having died from natural causes. He therefore issued his warrant for the interment of the body. We are able to state that the bulk of Captain Allen's large property is left to his immediate relations, the Pilchers and Allens, in Dover and other parts of Kent. He has bequeathed £5,000 for pastoral aid pur- poses, to be placed at the sole disposal of the Lord Bishop of Adelaide as trustee. With regard to any donations promised, but not yet paid, he has authorized his execu tors to carry out his declared intentions. The funeral is to take place on Monday next, at the North Adelaide Cemetery. Discoveries nr Jerusalem. — The following lotes on ancient quarries in Jerusalem have been placed it the serviee of our readers through a frien 1. They irere made by a Sdotcti gentleman, Mr. Douglas : — ' During a visit to Jerusalem1 in the spring of 1355, I jecame acquainted with a very intelligent Hebrew,- who informed me that there were extensive quarries beneath ;he city, and that there was undoubted evidence that from ;hese quarries' tne stones employed in the building and rebuiMinp; of the Teiriple were obtained. He told me that these excavations were accessible through a small jpening under the north wall of the city— that he had icscended some time before with two English g-errtlemen, ind had spent with them several hours in exploring the 2xcayations, which were sufficiently extensive to have furnished stones enough, not only for the construction of this Temple, but for the whole of Jerusalem, the walls included: ' He expressed his readiness to accompany me, but proposed to go after dark, m he feared the Turkish guards might fire upon or maltreat us, if they detected as. As my party comprised two ladies and my two sons, ill equally desirous with myself to see these excavations —as the gates of the city were closed at sunset, and as there were no houses outside the walls— I would not listed to tho proposal to spend the night in the open air, unless, upon trial, I found we could do no better. We accordingly went to examine the situation and size of the opening'. We found it about ISO yards to the oast ward of the Damascus gate. It seemed like the burrow of some wild animal ; there was no rubbish above the opening, but some tall grass and weeds. Persons entering might be observed by the guards ; but this did not seem very likely, as the soldiers generally remained within the gate, aud only very rarely ono sauntered outside. We accordingly decided to make the attempt by daylight, fully satisfied that, even if observed, we should be only rudely driven away. The next morning, therefore, we left the city as soon as the gates were opened. One of the party got Into the hole, but returned, saying; that it Would be necessary to get iu feet foremost, as there was a perpendicular deseent of six or seven feet at the inner opening; He went back again with the lights; I followed. The ladies were got through with considerable difficulty. When fairly inside, we found ourselves in an immense vault, aafl Standing upon the top of a pile which was very evidently formed by the accumulation of the minute particles from the final dressings of the blocks of stone. On descending this pile, we entered, through a large arch, into another vault, equally vast *nd separated from the first by enor mous pillars. This vault, or quarry, led, by a gradual descent, into another and another, each separated from the other by massive stonj partitions, which had been left togive additional strength to the vaulted roe&. In some of the quarries the blocks of stone which had been quarried oat lay partly dresse'd ; in some the blocks were still attached to the rock ; in some the workmen had just commenced chUelling ; and In some the architect's line was distinct on the smooth face of ihe wall of the quarry. The mode in which the blocks were got out was similar to that used by the ancient Egyptians, as seen in* the sandstone quarries at Hagar Tusillis and in the granite quarries at Syene. The architect first drew the outline of the blocks on tUe face of the quarry; the wofkmen then chiselled them ont in their whole thick ness, separating them entirely from each other, and leaving them attached by their backs only to the solid wall. They were then detached by cutting a passage behind them, which, whilst it separated the blocks, left them roughly dressed, and left the wall prepared for further, operations. We remarked the similarity between the' stones chiselled out in these quarries, and the few blocks of stone built into the south-east corner of the wall of Jerusalem, which are so remarkable for their size, their weather-worn aDnearance. and the necnliar ornaments. ion of their edges. We spent between two and three lours ia these quarries. Our examinations were, how Iver, chiefly on the side towards the Valley of Jehoahaphat Jur guide stated that more to the westward was a raarry of the peculiar reddish marble, so commonly ued as pavement in the streets of Jerusalem, from the place where, we entered, the descent was rradual; between some of the quarries, however, here were broad flights of steps, cut out of the solid rock. I had no means of judging of the distance be tween the ifoofs of the vaults aud the streets of the :ity, except that from the descent the thickness must t-e enormous. The size and extent of these excavations fully bore out the opinion that they had yielded stones »nough to build not only the Temple, but the whole of Jerusalem. The situation of these quarries, the mode by which the stones were got out, and the evidence that the stones were folly prepared and dressed before being removed, may possibly throw light upon the verses of Scripture, in which it is said— 2 Chronicles ii., 18— ?And he (Solomon) set threescore and ten thousand of them to be bearers of burdens, and fourscore thousand to be hewers in the mountains, and three thousand and six hundred overseers to set the people a-work.' And a^ain— 1 King3 vi., 7— 'And the house, when it was in building, was built of stone made ready before it was brought thither; 60 that there was neither hammer nor aie nor any tool of iron heard in the house, while it was in building.' In one of the quarries there was a spring of water. A recess in the rock a:id a shallow trough had been cut for its reception. Tfte water was soft and clear, but t omewhat unpleasant to the taste. The expen diture of our candles hastened our departure. We got out as we (rot iu, unobserved. I had not another oppor tunity of visiting- these quarries; but left Jerusalem in hopes that some one more enterprising and more able would explore and give a more detailed and accurate ac count of these excavations, which to me seemed 60 abounding in interest.' Sueh is the communication made to us from the reports of Mr. Dou?la3. Some of our correspoBdents at Jerusalem may possibly b3 able to tell us more about these interresting quarries.— Athentrum. Quite nr the Daek.— A gentleman lately boasting of the neatness and regularity of his wife, said — 'If 1 get np in the night, pitch-dark, I can find my clothes, down to my very gloves, all in their proper places. I was up this morning before dajiight,' he con tinued (puttinghU hand into his pocketTor his hand ke-*hlef), ' and ? ' here- he pulled out, not his hand kerchief, but bJa wife's nightcap. ? A 'Sabtcbe tfr/DGfi'a Coabgi to thb Jpbt. I —The following Is '«1 jfttrahw article,' which reaehea us from New Philadelphia, Ohio:— 'A elond of wit S?'5\l8*J' ?F correspondent, 'aahirt me of its an thenticity .'. It is the 'charge' of a justice of tho P63*'** ti»*flk,to a jury in an action of replevin, brought for therecovery of a canal-boat .— ' Gentlemen of the Jury— This is an action of replevin, brought by ? ,a?am*t — 3,for the purpose of obtaining the eanal-boat Qican Wave Xo. 2, kvied on by said -— -, as the' property of ? ? . I shall first charge you as to the rule of construing evidence, namely, if you have reason to believe that any one, witness in this case has wilfully maliciously, deliberaUly, and contrary to the peace and dignity of this State of Ohio* sworn to that which is false in any single instance, yon are bound to believe that he has lied throughout' Mr. B— —, for plaintiff, Enquired, 'What if he be corroborated?' The Court, with much dignity, repltod/ ' Wait until I am done !' ' And if you should find that the aforementioned wit ness is corroborated, or sustained in any particular, by any other witness, you axe bound to believe that said last-named witness lies also, in every particular of his statement I am also requested to charge you that you Bnd irf tout verdict the value of the property at issue. After some deliberation, I have concluded not to do that, but will simply say,- if ypd find, in yotrr finding, that fou have found— you will have found/ in your finding, whatever at that time you may find ; on the other hand, trcntiemen, if you find, in your finding, that yon have not found— you will not have found, in your raiding / what rou oairht to have found! Now, gentlemen, yoa have heard the testimony of the witnesses, the arguments of counsels, and my charge. Take the case I'— Knicker- bocker. Ay Incident at the Grave ofBubns. — tn the spring after Burns died, Thomas Nimmo, a native jf Carnwatb, having received his discharge from ths irnrr in England, was travelling home with a comrade. P&ssin;'tf through' ^Dumfries, they enquired the way to 3t Michael's Churchyard, to visit the poet's grave. Following a footpath through the wilderness of orna ments which deck Death in thatfiudousborying-ground, ibey looked around fora stone to tell them whore he ilepL Not finding anything of the sort, they made up to a female id deep morning, who was sitting on the rround a little farther on; Nimmo thus addressed her : 'Mistress, we ore strang'ehy and would fed obliged f yoa could show ns the grave of Surns.' Pointing \o tht narrow mound at her feet and bursting Into tears, ihe said, 'That soldiers, is his grave, and I am his vidSty.' The poor fellows felt hart at having intruded ra her in such circumstances, apologized for their ftrraptnesj, tendered their simple but heartfelt con Jcflenetf, and went on their wry. It were, I thought, a rood subject for a painter : Jean Armour at the grava of Burns, while yet no ntonament marked th» spot— Tk$ History qf a Mats. A Bedoudt's IDBA d£ RcfetefafE1.— The Be iouin does not look upon rofcUory as a disgrace— he iocs not consider it as robbery. Whcnoa this idea came Into his head would be easy to account for, from the fact that, in the first place, he was disinherited of his patri mony by his younger brother Isaac, who became the sole heir of Abraham's property; he, therefore, considers himself a wronged man, and as the desert has been HiTarded him, he thinks it no robbery to regain by force what he has beed tnnngtlv disinherited of, by selling and appropriating to himrtJl all that comes in his way. lie is a Mabomedan by rriijrioii, but that does not exempt his co-religionists from wbM be considers to be his just booty. On more thsri on* occa sion he has waylaid and robbed the Mecca caravan; ao religion and 110 language is a safeguard against hU plunder* His arm Is truly against every man. It is not truty hvwerer^ that ho wantonly commits murder in cold blood. Op seeing a traveller, he shouts to him, 'Italahh tirbahh' tftiicft means, 'undress jour self, and you will be tho gainer;** or/ in otlier words, ' It would be to your advantage to submit coolly to your misfortune.' If the traveller gives up all be has, his life is safe; if not, it then becomes a matter of strength between both parties, and the Bedouin has as much chance of fallinsr by the hand of the traveller, as the dee vena. Of his humanity, in such cases, I have little to sav, as his name, ' the wild man of the desert,' suffi ciently characterizes him.— Syria and the Syrians. By Q.U.Woriabet. John Chinaman Turned Wag.— It has of late become customary among storekeepers on those portions of the diggings where flat noses, copper counte nances) and pigtails most abound, to hang out advertise ments in Chinese characters, inviting Celestials to pur chase at enticing prices the articles required for the promotion of their terrestrial comfort. Of course the placards are painted by Chinamen, and for the cor rectness of the quotations the traders are entirely in their hands. We have heard an amusing story, which indicates that the love of fun is an instinct not unknown to our serious-looking "fellow-colonists." A storekeeper, wishing to advertise his rice, tea, and other articles in the Chinese language, employed John to paint a sign, and when completed, hung it outside his store, placed himself behind his counter, and patiently awaited for the expected influx of the relations of the sun and moon. To his surprise, however, although many ap proached the placard and read it, all, without ex ception, passed by with broad grins on their faces. After a fair trial, suspecting that all was not right he took down the mysterious sign, and availed himself of the first opportunity of trying to obtain a translation. This he found difficulty in getting, every Chinaman to whom be showed it re fusing to satisfy him, and merely answering with the same detested grin. At length, by the offer of a bribe, he arrived at the secret, and has, we believe, never since entrusted his mercantile affairs to the waggery of a Celestial. The enticing advertisement, on being rendered into English, was as nearly as possible as follows:— "Don't buy anything here— storekeeper d— rogue."— Murray Advertiser. A CfliMEAN Ckocodixe. — Forage reminds me, says a correspondent, of a little anecdote which is now going the rounds of our mess- tables. Many drafts of young soldiers have landed at Balaklava during the last mouth, and one of the Johnny Neweomes is the happy Individual whose knowledge of natural History is just what one might expect to discover in a recruit from the wild west of Ireland. ' Paddy,' said his master, after asking certain other questions relative to washing, and cooking, and so on, allot which received satisfactory replies—' Paddy, then, I suppose we're all right for to- day.' ' Sure, no, yer honour, we're all wrong ; the forage has not come np for the crocodiles.' 'Croco- diles,' replied the master, ' we've no crocodiles here.' ' By the hod poker,' rejoined the full private, ' them what's them two animals behind your honour's huts 7' 'Camels, Paddy, camels.' ' Camels, yer honour ! Well, (hen, camels or crocodiles^ it's all the same; sore, they're ugly bastes onthow. ' Ugh/ if s camels they are, ia it ?' Under the explosion of laughter which shook his master's sides, Paddy beat a hasty retreat A Pobtbai* Patntee's Expebtehob. — Some of the results of my experience ore curious in a moral point of view. For example. I hate found women almost uniformly less delicate in asking me about my terms, and less generous hi remunerating me for my ser vices, than men. On the other hand, men, within my knowledge, are decidedly more vain of their personal at tractions, and more vexatiously anxious to have them done full j ustice to, on eonvas, than women. Taking both sexes together, I have found young people for the most part more gentle, more reasonable, and more considerate, than old. And, summing up, in a general way, my ex perience of different ranks (which extends, let me pro-, mise, all the way down from peers to publicans), I have met vlth most of .my formal and ungracious re ceptions among rich people of uncertain social standing ; the highest classes and the lowest among .my employers almost always contrive— in widsly different ways, of course— to make me feel at home as soon as I enter their houses. People (sitting for their portraits) will assume an expression, will brush up their hair, will correct any little characteristic carelessness in their apparel— will, in short, when they want to have their likenesses taken, look as if they were sitting ° for their pictures. ' If I paint them under these artificial circumstances, I fail, of course, to present them in thcif habitual aspect j and my portrait, as a necessary consequence, disappoints every body, the sitter always inclodedi When ire wish to judge of a man's character by his handwriting we want his customary scrawl, dashed off with his common work-, o-day pen, not His best small-text, traced laboriously with the finest procurable crow-quill point So it is with portrait palming, which is, alter afi, nothing but a right reading of the externals of character recoguisably presented to the view of others. Experience, after re peated trials, haB proved to me that the only way of getting sitters who persist in assuming a set look to resume their habitual expression is to lead them into talking about someting in which they ore greatly interested. If I can only beguilo them into speaking earnestly, no matter on what topic, I ani rare of recovering their natural expression, sure of seeing all tbe litle pre cious evcry-day pecuiiaritios of the man or woman peep out one after another, quite unawares.— Notes by an Artitl. Napoleon and the Monks. — Joseph, when King of Naples, made the monks useful by suppressing convents, but Napoleon was irate at Joseph for his frankness and truth, aud wrote as follows :— ' I own that I was not very well pleased with the preamble to tbe decree suppressing the contents. In what concerns religion the lanfruage employed should be in a religions and not in a philosophical spirit You should display the talents of a ruler, not those of an author or & man of letters. Why talk of the services which the monks have rendered to the arts and to science ? Their merit docs not consist in those services, but iu their administration of the consolations of religion. The preamble U entirely philosophical, which is not what was wanted.: Yoa seem to me to insultthose whom yon expel. Tbe preamble ought to have been in accordance with the monacal system. Disagreeable things are better endured from one who agrees with you than from a person who differs. You ought to have said that the number of the monks made their subsistence difficult} that tbe dignity of their profession required that they should all be well supported; that for that purpose a part most be re moved; that some must be preserved, because they are required for the administration of tbe sacraments, and iat others must be released.' Ac. Goethe's Motheb. — His mother was but dghteen when he was born. She wri a lively girl, full )f German sentiment with warm impulses, by no means much troubled with a consicence, exceedingly afraid )f her hasband, who was near SO years her senior, and seemingly both willing and skilful in the invention of iccasional white lies adapted to screen her children from his minute, fidgety, and rather austere saperinten ience. She 'spoiled1' her children on prmeiple. and made no pretenson to conduct a systematic training, which she abhorred. She said of herself, in after years, ft at she could ' educate no child, was quite unfit for it, gave them every wish so long as they laughed and were oodi and whipped them if they cried ormade wry mouths, without ever looking for any reason why they laughed or cried.' Her belief in Providence was warm with Ger man sentiment, and not a little tinged with superstition. She rejoiced greatly when her son published the ' Con fessions of a Beautiful Soul,' which' she loved as a memorial of a lost pietistie friend. Her religion was one of emotion rather than of moral reverence. She was generous and extravagant, and, after her husband's ieath, seems to have spent capital as well as income. She was passionately fond of the theatre— a taste which she transmitted to her son. Her hearty simplicity of nature made her everywhere loved. Her servants loved and stayed with her to the last. She seems to have had at least as much humour as her son, which for Germans was not inconsiderable, and not much more sense of awe. She gave the most detailed orders for her own funeral, and even specified the kind of wine and the size of the cracknels with which the mourners were to be regaled; ordering the servants not to put too few raisins into the cakes, as she never could endure that in her life, and it would certainly chafe her in the grave. Having been in vited to go to a party on the day on which she died, she sent for answer that ' Jl&dime; Goethe could not come, as she engaged just then in dying.' Yet her sensitiveness was so great, that she always made it a condition with her servants that they should never repeat to her painful news that they had picked up accidentally, as she wished to hear nothing sad without absolute necessity. And during her son's dangerous illness at Weimar, in 1805, no one ventured to spcik to her of it till it was past though she affirmed that she had been conscious all the time of hi3 danger without ths heart to mention it. This peculiarity Goethe inherited. — National Zeview. CrjEiosiTiES of tiie Church. — On Sunday evening the minister of the Weslcyan Chapel, Louth, read a notice from the pulpit Unit 'The Lord's altar has commenced smoking at 7 o'clock on Sunday memings.' There was some difference of opinion among those pre, sent as to the precise import of the announeemtnt but we (Stafford, 3ferairt/J understand that it was only an intimation that a prayer-meetinir formerly held at that hour, and which had been discontinued, bad been recom menced. To Make a Jibbixg Hokse Deaw.— The Tiir.es gi/es a remedy which proved successful. After all sorts of means had been tried and failed, it was sug gested that a staple remedy used in India should be tried— that is, to get a small rope and attach it to one of the fore feet of the stubborn animal, the person holding the end of the rope to advance a few paces, taking with him the horse's foot, when, aa a matter of course, the horso must follow. The suggestion wa3 at first ridiculed, but at last a rope was brought and applied as described, when the horse immediately advanced, and In a few minute* was out of tight, much to the amazement ol tbe crowd, The eiperlmeut U timnla and. north ft tilaj Thb Sits of St. PwBasBTOQ.— PxTzs'g Urorm.— Those who ixntgiae that Peter chose % sit* without consideration, or because he had obtained his mly ideas of a city from Amsterdam with which, daring ils residence there, he had become intimate, form a too larrow estimate of that coarse but vigorous genius. 3is ambition rose far beyond the country of which ha bund himself the master, and far beyond the day in rhich he expected to live. He placed before himself h» map of the world; be saw that Europe, Ada, and America converge towards the North Pole, and that Sussla, situated on the point where their meridians meet ippeared to be their destined mistress. He formed the -urpose of turning this assumed intention of the Creator nto a tact; by successive conquests, to giro his people ho possession of three worlds, and by the opening of - ivers, canals, and caravan;, to form the remotest regions nto a single state. With such an Idea before him, the Haitian of St Petertbug was well chosen, although for be purposes of ordinary life nothing could well b« rone. There they tremble upon a great subterranean icaffoldlng; 'ready,' as I hare heard it graphically said, to sink into the marsh, like a stage-ghost through ? .rap^oor:' with a climate so destructive to buildingf jhat the glittering exterior which we havt just surveyed Has to bo renewed every summer at enormous cost; with i neighbourhood so difficult of drtfaMge that do food sould be raised without incredible labour, and in the forests of which (as I tan testify, from hawing obtained mdsent home the head or one of them) th« wolves still prow) ; and, above all, with the possibility impended Tver them of a complete submergence beneath the lur rounded waters; for whenever it shall happen that * powerful west wind shall blow during the fortnight that iritnesscs the breaking np of th|i ie«, tbe tide of tho 3ulf of Finland will meet the tide of Lake Ladoga, and rising together, they will roll over tbe city (no part of which is fifteen feet above their ordinary level) when ts palaoes, monuments, and temples, together with the 100,000 souls which cons itute its population, will ez jerience a fate not less terrible than thtt of Hercm anoum and Pompeii.— Gum*/* Hooting Becrtctiwu. Douglas Jekkoxd's Fibst Newbpapbb TowiMBimosr.— ? Jcrrold, Douglas, author, dramatist, ind journalist, was born at Sheernesi, in Kent, flboat 1801, His father wan manager of the theatre there ; and thus. a his earliest daji, the futuro successful drammtkt )btained an acquaintance with 'things theatrical.'* Like all boys who pass their youth among sailors and ihippSng, your £f Jorrold was seized with the desire to go ' o sea. He was a delicate aud nervous lad, and decidedly Ill- suited for the line of life he had fixed upon. His father in vain tried to dissuade him from his purpose, until, finding him stubborn and resolved, he allowed iim to have his own way, and obtained for him, from an influential naval officer who often came to the theatre, 1 midshipman's commission on board a man-of-war. But the delight of wearing the king's uniform, and having big men under his command, were imall corny pensations ' for the hard labour, bard living, and hard usage the young ' mid' had to endure; and, at the end of a year or two, his affection for salt water hid dunged into * longing for tho settled quiet of home. H« quitted the service, and being onco more questioned by hi* parents as lo ' what he would like to be,' he ebon the* calling of a printer, and was at once bound apprentiev to that trade. Some timo subsequently he came up to London, and obtained employment as a competitor. Ono ef his fellow-apprentfcea was a lad of about his own jrears and disposition, and between them a close friend ship sprang up. It was thus that lie and Laman Bl&n-; chard became inseparable companion*. They worked at the same frame, they shared each other's good aad tad fortune, and passed their evenings and spun time In each other's society, discussing the beauties of Shikspcar'0 and other poets. After enduring years «f drudgery at the* mefchanjcal duties of a compositor, which, to one of so imaginative and powerful a mind, must have been almost unbearable, Mr. Jerrold deter mined upon making his first essay as sn author. The speraof 'Der Freischutz' was predoced for tho first time in London, and the two friends went to witness the performance. The grand and mysterious muiie which illustrates tho wild German ttory made so deep an impreKdofl on Jcrrold's mind, that, on reaching his humbls !wlgrno'.i, he sat up half tho night writing on essav on the opera. As morning was Breaking ha stepped out and droppOA his first article into the editor's box of the newspaper on which he was engaged as workman. In the morning, as he wa* wondering over the fate of his anoymous composition, he was joyfully lurprised at having his own writing placed in his bands to be set up for the next number. The essay soon caused a sensation, but amidst all the praise the young; author preserved his incognito, until at last ftndhjp; himself earnestly enquired after in the 'Notices tc Correspondents, ho presented himself to the editor, who instantly employed him upon work more suited to his abilities and more congenial to his taiU than that of setting up type.— lie* qfthe Time/. A Night with Robebt Bubns. — Andrew Thompson (the Luther of Scotland) found Bnrn», b a fine autumn afternoon, sitting over his black bowl* befor* the door of his house, surrounded by soma farmers and gangers, who seemed nearly dead, partly with drink, and partly with laughter at Dunn's jests. Hs himself, however, was quite sober ; and aftsr aiimlulng his guests and having tsa, took Thompson tut to tha red scaur above tho Nith, where was his solitary oad favourite walk. The corn was ripe ; the river was full ; the dying sun was glintinj his lost and best through the trees ; it was ' a golden moment for a poetio heart,' and Burns got into his glory. Ho spoke of nature, and of his country, of love, of politics, and of poetry, till tho large tears dropped from his cyei, and wars 'mixed,' taid Dr. T., 'on the ground with my own.' As the shades lengthened, and the sun went down, and the evening-star appeared above Crlffel, his tone bwarM more deep and solemn. He talked of himself: de plored his errors; and hinted that pride and disap pointment had hod a largo shore in producing them, and that he regretted that after his first success he had not gono abroad. As ho spoke of ths aristocracy, their usago of him and of his country, he stamped fiercely on the ground, and the expression of his ' ardent eyes' became almost terrific and unearthly, as they shone amid the tender gloom of the autumnal twilight. He cried, ' There will be a day of reckoning y«t as- Bure as yon star is shining over Criffel. Tett Gleneairns would save this Sodom, and there has only Ibsen one^ and he's dead.' He alluded to hU own 1Mb as hanging by a thread. He said he was tormented by heafliwhes and palpitations of the heart, which his occasional tstf of spirits only increased. But, ha added, ' I havs had my day, and Scotland will remember ma as long as tht is Scotland still.' He thra repeated, in deep, monoto nous, and mournful accents, the lines 'To Mary in Heaven,' which he hod composed not long before. On returning to the house, there was a new sot of hero and-toddy-wonhippers arrived; the black bowl was again produced, and Bunu's mood wag' changed accord ingly. H« sang : he extemporized veraes j n» cracked jests thick as minute-guns; he insisted on replenishing, the bowl again and again ; he threw oat daring political and religious remarks ; and altogether, like Cleopatra and her pearl, wasted intellect, wit, and genius, which might have served for years, in one night of lurid brilliance. Thompson left the next morning, and, except for a few minutes in the street of Durnirlei, a year or two afterwards, saw the unhappy bard no more.— The Hislory of a Man. Edited by George Oil fiUan. The Unknown Lovbb. — Ono of tho moit beautiful actresses of a theatre on the Boulevards (says a French newspaper) received daily, for about a month, a little penny bouquet of violets, She found the bosquet in her box or with the doorkeeper every evening as the play was about to begin : and this simplo offering of au unknown lover affected her in spite ef herself. While acting-, she looked carefully around— at the boxes, the parquette, and even behind the scenes— but to no pur pose; she saw nothing by which to recognise tho nun of bouquets. And thereupon she gave her imagination free rein, and the imagination of on actress is very similar to that of other folks. Was he a foreign prinos who wished to Captivate her heart before placing at her feet his crown and treasures ? Or was he an artist, too bashful to 'declare bis passion? She interrogated tbe boxkeeper, tbe tirewoman, in short, everybody employed in the theatre ; but nobody knew anything about it SUU the bouquets came. ' Do Uieytell us that constancy Is a chimera?' murmured she. The other evening, aa she entered the theatre, she received a fresh booanet of violets ; and this time the floirers were accompanied by a letter. 'At last!' said she: and, opening It, by the light of a reflector skeread as follows :— ' Mademoiselle. I have loved yon for a long time, for is not beholding and loving you the same thing r Every day I come to admlra you, to applaud you, to delight myself with the bright ness of your eyes and the charm of your voice.' 'He must be in the nous*,' thought the actress: and she peeped through a hole in the curtain. The audience had but just commenced to assemble. She resumed reading— ' You are indetd beautiful and charming, and happy are they who may approach you. What would I not give to bo near you always I Would the treasure of all the world be worth one of your smiles? Not' 'Ah I that Is nice,' she sighed : and turning the page, she continued : — ' No 1 And yet I dare to love you— to tell you that I love you.' Still more. I venture to beg yon not to reject my homage.' ' He begins to explain himself.' said she to herself, ' and I shall know'— and she continued 1— 'If this expression of my lova does not offend you, place this bouquet of violets in your bosom. Oh I then 1 shall be the happiest of men 1' ' Well,' said she, ' no signa ture — no name given; bnt let us see— here is a post script'' 'PJS.— If you are curious to know who writes you, look up to ihe fourth tier— xx lios wnxEJJto ovm.' The note dropped from the hands of the actress, and. her arms nearly dropped from her shoulden.— Oateshead Observer. 