BRISBANE CIRCUIT COURT. I (Abridged from Hit JJrlibane papers.) This court opened on the 21st January, before Mr. Justice Milford, Mr. Pring pro- secuting on behalf of the crnwn. Jume« Hamilton was indicted for stealing two bank cheques, nt Ipswich, the property of Benjamin White. These cheques were for £100, and were nbstrncted from Mr. White's porte-mounaie, nt nn inn, where he und the prisoner were both staying nt tho time. Guilty of larceny; six months' Im- prisonment. Esther Pritchard wns indicted for stealing honey, tho property of Dr. Hobbs, at Bris- bane. Guilty ; one month'« imprisonment. COAL »EAR IPSWICH -We have great pleneure in calling attention lo the recent discovery of a valuable seam of coal on the property of Messrs. Walter Gray mid Co., situated on the north bunk of the Bremer, about one mile (rom the..town. This de- sirable work waa commenced some months ago, and notwithstanding great difficulties supervened, such as boring through masse« of hard rock, those difficulties have been surmounted, and the discovery of a seam of coal nine feet in thickness lins rewurded the exertions of the enterprising proprietors. The s li II ft wa« sunk to the depth of 100 feet before the miners came to the coal, and from the nature of the superincumbent strata, it is expected that the mine can be worked both with profit to the owners and security to the people employed. A «ample of the coal has been forwarded to town, und lins been submitted to the inspection of coin potent judges, who have pronounced it to be quite equal, if notsuperlur, in quality to tiny hitherto discovered. It appears io be thal description which is known as caking con!, and we understand it is very pure, and leave« after combustion a very small per cent ii gc of ash. The sample before us eeums to be highly bituminous, and well adapted for the purpose of producing «leam which sets maohinery in motion -North Australian. ST. PAUL'S COLLEGE.-At nuou yesterday, being the anniversary of the Conversion of St. Paul, a very large number of Indies and gentlemen assembled at Grose'Farm lowli- ness tbe ceremony of laying the foundation stone of St. Paul's College, by his Excellency the Governor-General. The land on which the building is lo be erected is a portion of Grose Farm, and was granted by tho Semite of the University of Sydney for that purpose. The site is elevated, and a uhort distance from the University .buildings, in n south- easterly direction. The Bishop of Sydney (Dr. B-irkci), and the Archdencon (Dr. Cow- per) were present. We nlso observed a lurge number of Episcopalian ministers; among them the Rev. J Peudrill, the Rev. C. C Kemp, the Rev. G. F Macarthur, the Rev. Dr. Steele, the Rev. Mr. Wilton, the Rev Mr. Richardson, and the Rev. Mr. Gurney. There were nlso on the ground Hie Rev. J. Woolley, D.d.,, Principal of the Sydney University; Mr. J. II. Plunkett, Attorney- | General ; Sir Charles Nloliolson, Provost of the University ; Mr, S. A. Donaldson, MLC.,; Mr. E. Deas Thomson, Colonial Secretary ; Mr. C. D. Riddell, Colonial Treusurer; and a number of the lending fumines of the eily. The GavBRNon-GBNB RAL laid the stone, und spoke tis follows : - " I lay this as the foundation-stone of u college, within the University of Sydney, to be called Si. Paul's College, foi- the pro- motion of sound learning nnd religions train- ing, according lo the doctrine and discipline of the United Church of England and Ire- land, in the name of the Father, and of tile Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The fnrmnl ceremony being concluded, the Govern r Genernl, and subsequently the Bit-hop of Sydney nnd the Chief Justice, addressed the audience at some length.-Abridged from the Herald, Jan. 2G. AUSTRALASIAN STEAM NAVIGATION COM- PANY.- Tho half-yeurly general meeting of the proprietor« of the Austrnlusian Slenm Navigation Company was held jesterdny, nt the office; Robert Campbell, E-qnlre, M.LC, in the chair. The report ni iho director« wa« extremely unfavourable ; the commercial depression under which the co- lony had been suffering had brought about ti serious diminution in the truffle The re- ceipts for the hall-yenr ¡nilicqted n consider- able loss to the company ; consequently Hie dlreotarB were not justified In Ueolnr'niK u dividend-the first time llioy had ever been placed in thut position. They were »bio, however, to «tate Hint lince the beginning of December trade had gradually improved, und they had grounds for expecting Unit the traffic of the present half-year would be satisfactory and remunerative. After a dis- cussion, the report was adopted.-Empire, Jan. 20. r THE MINT.-The amount of gold received at the Mint during the pual week has been 0705 ounces. Tho coin issued bus been 70,000 sovereigns. The totul issue lor the month lins been £224,000, being at Iho rute of nearly 2$ millions of sovereigns per mi- nmi!.- Empire, Jan. 20. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.-On Wednesday, the annual meeting of the Beuevoent Society ol New South WIIIPB was held in the School-room, Cnsllereagh-slroet, Sydney. George Allan, Esq., was called to tho chnir. The report, which wns a lengthy one, was read by Mr. Jumes Johnson. It staled thut tho claims on the funds continued lo increase, und during tho past yennil« expenditure lind amounted £12,233. Tho committeo lind ex- pected that on the completion of the Asylum fur Destitute Children, they would huve been relieved from a class or inmates which cniiBcd them grent anxiety, hut this was not Hie CUSP, us there were on Hie hooks 105, being mi in- crease ofl5 on the correspondió« period hist year. The voluntary contributions lind r-xcoeded the previous jearby Hie sum of £511, nnd this amount would have been larger but for the accidental circumstnnco of having tiela)ed the application to clergymen of the Church of England to a late period In the year. The number« in the establishment \ f tit Liverpool, during the year 1855, had beeri^ 535 ninlea, 1 female and 3 boys, total 6.19.' During Hie year 144 males had boon dis- charged, 8 hud returned when on leave, 3 males lind been sent lo the watch-house, 47 males mid 1 boy had absconded, 12 mules were dlsmis»sil, 8 males anil I boy were sent to i IIB Lunuiic Asylum, and 64 miles hud riled. The totnl number remaining in the Liverpool establishment, on the 31st Decem- ber, 1855, were 249 men, 1 woman mid 1 boy. In the Sydney establishment the numbera during the year h«d been 648 men, 035 women, and 380i children, total 1403 Of these 770 men, 218 woman, and 120 children lan with permission; 63 men, 100 women, mid 47 children absconded; 25 men, 28 women, ami 6 children were expelled ; 82 men, 62 womun, and 17 children died; and 145 men and one boy were sent to Hie Liver- pool establishment. The tit al number re- maining in tlio house on the 31st December, 1855, was 65 men, 120 women, mid 105 chil- dren. The average number during the year receiving nut-door relief was 600, mid I he cost of Hie relief was £809. The usual reso- lutions, and the appointment of a committee I for the year, was then agreed to, after which the meeting separated.- Abridged from the Empae, Jan, 20. AUSTRALIAN JOINT STOOK BANK.-The hnlf-yearly meeline? or this brui I* was held yeBterduy, Mr. Holt in tho chair. The re- port of the directors stated that the h»If year'd profits bud been £11,240, of which one-tenth was added to the reserve fund ; and adding £3732, the undivided balance ni the previous mpeting', tu the residue, the sum now open for distribution was £13,657. The directors proposed to declare II dividend ni the rnte of 8 per cent, per annum, which would carry over £4180 to future purposes. The reserve fund now amounted to £12,107. The balance sheet of the bank showed Hint the pui I-tip capital wns £250,000, and the notes lu circulation £09,780. The report was adopted, Mr John Fatrlax was elected a director, and Messrs. Janies Comrie and T. L Ebsworth auditors.- Abridged from the Herald, Jan 20 COMSIEBCIAL BANK-«-The Imlf-yenrly meeting of the'Commerclal Bunk was held yesterduy. The directors' report for the half-year showed that the net profits had been £21,005, and that £4728 undivided balance having stood over at the lost meet- ing, there was now £26^333 available for distribution Of this the directors proposed to appropriate £21,030 in payment of a divi- dend ni the rale of 20 per cent per annum, mid £2500 as un addition to the reserve fund ; leaving £2203 over for future pur- poses. The balance sheet of the bank showed that £232,000 was the amount of paid-up capital, and £179,084 tho amuunt of notes in circulation, while the reserve amounted to £35,000 The report was adopted.-Abridged from the Herald, Janu- ary 20. PnoBADLB CANDIDATES FOR THE STANLEY llORiioaiis.-During the past few days a rcquUitmn lins been extensively signed throughout the town, requesting Mr. Henry Buckley to allow himself to be put in nomi- nation for tho representation of these bo- roughs, While on a recent visillo Sydney, Mr. Buckley mnde arrangements Tor residing there principally, ami, a« this would allow of his constant attendance to pnrlitimentury business, he has signified his willingness to serve, if elected. We have it from good nuthorlty that a requisition is also going the mund of Ipswich in favour of Mr. F. A. Forbes, who will nlso stund fur one of tho borough seats. Mr. Riahardson'fl coming forward will, we have beon given to under- stand, depend upon the feeling of the elec- tors towards him, and it will ra«t entirely with them whether lie contests the seat or not -Moreton bay Free Presi, BRISBANE HOSPITAL -The annual general meeting of the governors of this valuable institution look place lit the court-house on Thursday last, when there was a numerous attendance of governors. Mr. D. R. Somer- set having been voted into the chair, the re report was rend by the retiring secretary, and the auditors of the treasurer's book de- clared a balance of £56-2 0s. 10d. in favour of the hospital, The report contained a re- commendation that n gratuity of £25 should be given to Mr. Wilkes on his retirement from office, which wn» ultimately adopted by resolution.-Moreton Bay Free Press, Jan.22. SIR CHAULES NICHOLSON.-A number of gentlemen met at the University on Tuesday, including Hie Honorable E Deas Thomson, Mr. Plunkott, Mr. Riddell, the Rev. U. All- wood, Mr. Donnldson, Mr. Suiting, Mr. \V. S. MoLeay, Mr. G McLeny, Mr. Robert Johnson, «nd Hie Rev. Dr. Woolley, to con- sider Hie subject of ii suitable testimonial lo Sir Charles Nicholson, in acknowledgment of Isis services in the cause of National Edu- cation. It was ultimately determined tu ruiBo u fund by a maximum subscription of £2 9»., for a portrait of Sir Charles by some eminent European artist, which, it is estimated, will cost £400. Mr. Sailing was appointed treasurer to Hie fund, mid Dr. Woolley secretary. Wa understand It is intended, with the consent of the Senate of the University, to have the portrait bung up in the great halt of Hie new University building now in course of erection. Our renders will not need to be Informed thal Sir Charles Nicholson lias been owe of the most ucllvo promoters of this noble institnt'on, Rrsi in the capacity of Vice-Provost and latterly as Provost; mid, na doubt, these honourable associations suggested to his friends the depository or the intended por- trait- Empire, Jan. 25. ACCIDENTAL DEATH THROUGH INTKBIPB RANCE. -A magisterial enquiry wuslnatiiuleil by Mujor Wingate, J.P., yesterday, nt Hie Man of Kent public-house, Cook's River, touching the death of John Martin, who died on the previous Monday night from an injury he received while in a state of intoxication. It appeared that the unfortunate man was returning home on the evening preceding his death, and while going through the bush the dray passed so close that the deceased's leg became jammed between the cross-piece of tltc dru}' and the tree, whereby a wound six inches long was inflicted; some blood-vessels were wounded, noil Hie consequent hemor- rhage cuusod lils death. The following Und- ing was relumed ; " Died from liomurrliagc produced by injuries accidentally received while in a Btato of ¡utoxieaiioii."-Herald, Jan. 25. SYDNEY EI.EOTION. - MR COWPER.-A public meellugof tha cleclura of Sydney took place at tho Qlymplc Circus, York-street, a» Wednesday evening, for the purpose of giving Mr. Charles Cowper an opportunity of addressing the elector*. There wera be- tween lfiOII and 2000 persons present. Thomas Walker, Eíq., wits called to tlio chair. Mr. Cowper bald that in coming be- fore them on,this occasion, although he had beon,defeated five years ago, he thought that a chungo lind now taken phire, und that there was not now such a determination In favour of purtioulur candidates na there was then. It hud been enid that he was acting ungenerously to the constituency of Durham, in not Hgain ofTering himself us a candidate | for that constituency. It wns true that whon ho wus unsuccessful in Sydney, the elector» of Durham, having n seat lo offer him, triumphantly elected him. lie felt grnteful to them for tho honor done him, und during Hie lust fivo jours ho lind in every way been attentive to lliair local wants. Bul It ap- peared to him Hint Hie county of Durhnm ought to elect some gcnlloniuii moro inti- mately acquainted willi Hint part of the colony than he wus, mid they would now be able, without opposition, to elect three gen- tlemen who were thoroughly acquainted with the circumstances of the county. It hud been also intimated Hint he ought to aland for «ho county of Cumberland, but mi move- ment had been made for such a purpose, and as Hie electors of Sydney had BO decidedly Invlled him, ho felt ut liberty to respond tu the cull, having been connected with the city for nearly his whole life. The first sub- ject he would notice was the sliure lie lind taken in Hie abolition of the Sydney Corpo- ration. So far buck as 1840 tho iiinnageiiiciil of the corporation was so much tho subject of comment that Mr. Lowe moved fur a com- mittee to enquire into its working, and lu Hie report brought up it was stated that the working of the corporation was unsatisfac- tory to the community and to the members composing it ; tlmt the Huaiielnl muiinge tnent was most slovenly, mid thal the mari- ner in whlcli their hiiainess was conducted was most objectionable. Mr. Lowe'« com- mittee proposed the lolnl abolition of the corporation, but this propusul waa not nt Hint time acted upon. The ilNsiitisfncfhm still continued, and he (Mr. Cowper), in 1832, moved for another committee, and in their report they proposed, not Its abolition, but that steps should be tuken for its reforma- tion. In 1883. finding thut the Government hud resolved on appointing commissioners for the monngemont of the water and sewer airo works, and th"»t tboy would not entrust the vote of £10,000 a year lo the corpora- tion, ho thought it better to place thi» whole under the management ol these commis- sioners, and for a time to suspend ihe corpo- ration. But he believed there would be no difficulty in having the corporation rcstorod, and lie should no1 be surprised if it »era re- stored In the course of the next session The Government at tho time WOB too strong to nllow the representatives to reform the cor- poration. It was necessary that something should be done, and the experiment liad been made; if that failed the citizens lind a nulli to resume the management of their own affairs He lind devoted much time to the introduction of railways, and on that ground alone ho would nsk them if he had not a claim on them. When Hie proposal to con- struct, a railway wns made, he wa« met by frowns and discouragement, but now its suc- cess could neither be doubted or denied ; and «8 they had found that railways could now be constructed, comparatively, nt n cheaper rate than common ronds, he lind no doubt that they would have railway« extended far and wide into the interior. He had also successfully enguged in the movement ngoinst transportation ; the Home Government waa induced lo abandon it, and thus the social standard of the colony was raised, nnd its mural condition vastly improved. But there was hardly a public measure in which ho had not taken an active port. The state of the colony, the Government, finance, the land question, the education question, and all those oilier subject« which would come be- fore the New Council he had'discusscd, and lie boldly challenged any one to examine his proceedings in Council, and to put his finger on a Binnie vote of his thal had not been given in lavor of the liberties of the country, and to advance ils welfare. He wns strenu- ously opposed In the Electoral Act of 1851. As to the Constitution Bill, he hod been a member of the committee on it, und had op- posed almost single handed many of Hie pro- visions which liad given BO much dissatisfac- tion. He had -advocated the granting additional members to Sydney. Jin regard to the constitution of the upper house, he urged that it should be of un elective instead of a nominee character. Many persons were prepared now, since Ihey lind got HIP NOW Constitution, to give a nominated house u fnirlriul, hut he wns at a loss to know whnt wiiB meant by a fair trial. Why should Ihey he asked to givo n lair trial to a kind of con- stitution that had already benn tried in other colonies, nnd had fulled. No doubt one of the great points that would have to be dealt with by the new Legislature would be not only that of restoring the corporation, but a great effort would be required to carry out a system of municipal institutions and public works throughout the colony. The difficulty was lint so much to get labour ns it was to get Individuals to carry nut these works, nnd he could not help thinking that a suggestion which emnnnted from the Privy Council would be worthy of thcr consideration and adoption, namely, Hint for the purpose of carrying out municipal Institution through- out the colony a portion of the land lund should be set aside, for enabling them to carry out municipal government throughout the interior, Instead of centralizing the whole business of the colony in the Legislature. What should be the powers of those bodies wa«1 a question of difficulty, but they must be entrusted to deal will) these public warks whlcli were eo much wanted throughout the Interior; and if at the sama time they could carry out a thorough system of railway com- munication, combined willi n largely ex- tended system of emigration, the colony would progress in a way equal to the most sanguine expectations of ita best wellndshcr« -Mr. Cowper having concluded his addross, Mr. Reid moved, seconded by Mr. Maxwell, a resolution to the effect that Messrs. Camp- bell, Purkea, Wilshire, and Cowper were fit and proper person« lo represent the city. The resolution was enrried hy acclamation, there being only five hands held up In oppo- sition. Mr. Parkes then addressed the meet- ing, und after a vote of thanks to the chair- man, ilie meeting separated.-Abridged from Empire, Jan.-U, SYDNEY ELECTION: MR CABIPHBLL-A meeting of the elector« of Brisbane Ward, Sydney, was held on Friday evening for the purpose of hearing Mr. R. Campbell, M.C. Mr. Robert Campbell was called to Iho chair. Mr. Campbell said he had been fre- quently attacked in the Herald, and the charge made that he had spoken on many question«, but never came to the point. They would, however, remember that in the monster meetings of 1840 he had almost in- variably occupied the chuir, and in taking thut position lie hail done eo cheerfully, und with the determination to lead the people tu victory. They were successful, nnd trans- portation wns abolished. He supported Dr. Lang in opposition to Mr. Holden, and when Dr. Lang resigned he was called upon to fill hi« piuco. He wus then inexperienced, but he was proud to sny the conduct which he adopted, nnd the principles ho advocated, had secured their approbution. His labors in Council, when compared with other«, were more in protesting against the oppres- sive laws which the Council had from time to time carried nut. He hnd battled against tlio Merchant Seamen's Act, by which sea- men were placed in a «late of bondage nnd slavery. Ho would nlso allude lo the Mas- ters and Servants Act, which he had op- posed ; and although it wns not carried out to the fulleBt extent in the etty, It lind proved most oppressive to servants In tho interior, Hnd deprived them of their rights as British subjects. When he looked at the public works executed by the Government, and heard the terms in which ils supporters depreciated the work« of private companies, he condemned more und more the clap-trap of his opponents. Tho right which they wero now contending for, lo have more power delegated to, the people, lind ni wo ya been called in question by soino purtles, nnd in thuir efioris to uhilo the poople for the redress of grievances it was called an at- tempt to upsot good government, nnd to wrest property from those who had it, Ile hoped, however, that after the flattering reception which was given to Mr. Cowper, and ufter his convincing address, their oppo- nents would see Ihnt their line of opposition wns a false one They were indebted to Mr. Parkes for tho active part he had taken in promoting Hie putrlotio fund, nnd to Mr. Wilshire Tur his efforts in the cause of uni- versal suffrage. The struggle they were now engaged tn wns more important than any that had preceded it, They wero awure that ii report wus currant that Mr. Donald- son had nccoptcd Hie premiership, and thut ho had failed to sceure the co-operution ot ono of tho candidates whom they had rhoBon. It was «nid that ho intended lo per- severe In forming an ndininisirutiou, and they wore uwnre that that gentleman was in favor of the occupation of the crown lund« by Iho aquatic«. If so, It wns Hmo their suspicions were aroused, and they should stund by tho four candidates they lind chosen.-It was then moved hy Mr. Donnghy, seconded hy Mr. Reid, nnd curried unanimously, that Mr. Robert Campbell was a fit and proper person to represent the cltj. A vote of timuka having been given to the chairman, the meeting separated, - Abridged from the Herald, Jan. 26. MonETON BAY.-Du. LANG'S LECTURE ON SBPAnATioN.-On Fri lay, 18th institut, Dr Lung addressed a very numerous and re- spectable medlo« or tua inhuhitnut« of Ips- wich on tho subject of separation. Mr. H. Kilner was colled lo the chair. Dr. Lung, in opening tho lecture, stated thut hi« motive in addressing thom was, that ho did not like to leave the colony worse Ihun he had found it. There were many roaton« why they should at this time usk fnr sepnrution. The chango from the old to Hie new consllliitioti was a favorable period for accomplishing it, «nil they would lint'e an opportunity of etartlng fair in the nice, in Moreton Bay there were but few recipients of state aid for religious purposes, mid in this matter a change might be ni,nde to the voluntary sys- tem with ease. They could also determine | upon a proper s> stein of education. Another argument for sepnrution was that in New South Wales they had a rapidly Increasing public debt, which would retard prosperity, whereas Moreton Buy had a vaBt domain, uninenmbered and unappropriated. The bil) introduced by him into Council) and earned about a month UKO, whon brought Into ope- ration would be the means of appropriating large portions of the lands and introducing a considerable numbor of small farmers. He then submitted to the meeting a petition for separation, the substance of which was : that the Moreton B ty district had an area equal to that of France; that the population wus rapidly Increasing, and amounted to upwards of twenty thomand souls ; that the stock amounted to 2,707,302 sheep, 357,408 cuttle, 14,499 horses, und 5,358 swine ; that Hiero were, in addition, vnst and inexhaus- tible mineral resource?, n largo and rapidly Increasing valuable property, consisting of cultivated land houses, coasting vessels, and steamboats, and trading establishments of all kinds; that the exports already exceeded half u million, chiefly in wool and tallow, while the proportion of Ihe public revenue derived /tom Hie district exceeded £100,000 per annum. It was physically impossible that such an exlensive government could be satisfactorily governed Ave hundred miles off, and the interests of the district had accordingly been neglected, its wishes but slightly attended to, and a largo proportion of its revenue was appropriated for the benefit of other parts of the colony. As in- stances of this neglect, they would mention the non-erection of a light-house at Cape 'Moreton, the non-removal of obstructions to the navigation of the Brisbane river, the want of a proper quarantine station, tho dis- creditable stnte of the roads, and tho wnnt of bridges. That in 1844 the entire population or South Australia did not exceed 18,000 souls, with an expenditure of £25,000, being only one-fourth of tho revenue of Moreton Bay ; and that when Von Diemen's Lund wus separated from New South Wales, in 1825, ithe population was only 12,043, with n revenue of £0,800, and an expsndituro of £23,126; that the productions of Moreton i Buy being chiefly of n tropical character, they required a different management from the products of Now South Wales; and that Moreton Biy, and not Sydney, was the natural centre of population, agriculture, commerce, and government of the district. The petitioners, from all these considera- tions, were therefore led to ask for the sepn- rution of Moreton Bay from New South Wules, nnd Hint it should be known as the colony of Cookslnnd. Dr. Lang, having commented on each of these topics, con- cluded by slating that Mr. Richardson had signified his Intention of joining him in pre- senting another petition to the Queen, which would include certain political matters that could not be embodied in the present peti- tion ; and ns he was shortly going to Eng- land, he would he happy lo present their petitions to the Queen. Resolutions were then unanimously passed, adopting the pctl I tion, and requesting Dr Long to be the bearer and present it. The meeting then separated.-A similar meeting, with similar results, wns held ni Brisbane on Wednesday, 18th January-Abridged from North Aus- tralian, Jan. 22. i KINO AND GEORGIANA : Mn. PAOOETT. On Monday, 21st inBtaut, a meeting of the electors of King and Georgiana wns held at Yass, for the purpose of hearing Mr. Fauqett state his political opinions. Mr. H. O'Brien waa called to Hie chair. Mr. Fuucett said he had boen requested to offer himself as a candidate by severn! gentlemen of influence in tho district. He wus favourable to a general system of education, but if a body of electors preferred the denominational system their wishes should be compiled with. As to tho land question, he was not one of those who wanted to sweep away the large squat- ters, as they had been of the greatest service to the colony ; but he wns of opinion that facilities should be given to the smaller class of cultivators, and that they should be allowed to establish themselves on the lund. He was of opinion that the Constitution Act should have a fair trial. It was a great improve- ment on the old system. As the elective house chase the Executive Council, nnd the Council chose the upper house, it would after all be indirectly chosen by the people, li waB a round-about way, no doubt, but it would on the whole be very much of an elec- tive house in character, He was averse lo tho two-thirds clause. Mr. Fuucett con- cluded by assuring the meeting that he wns untrammelled by party, and would do his duty honestly if elected.-Mr. Hardy, as an elector, wes quite opposed to Mr. Faucett's opinions. He though I they were of that kind that a lawyer would express, who wis ready to be all things to all men, and who had no fixed opinions of his own. For instance, lie would have both national and ilenominut'onnl educution. As to me land question, he would give the squatters what they were entitled to, and Hie small cultivators what they wanted ; ready, in fact, to please both ; but he did not tell Hiern how this could be done. Air. Fuucett did not attempt to deny that the nominee principle was a bud one, and that the two thirds clause wus worse ; but he, neverthe- less, wished to give this wretched example of political villany a fair trial. Would any engineer gite n cracked boiler a fair trial? He had once mounted a boy on a very quiet horse of his, and lie wns surprised to see him set to work buck-jumping In u furious manner. On taking off Hie saddle ho saw the iron under the saddle cutting into his back. Would they ask the horse to give the bad saddle a fuir trial, This wretched constitu- tion then, tho defects of which were acknow- ledged, was Hie saddle that pinched the horse's back. Mr. Hardy, in concluding, said Hint the nominee principle hud always operated in favour of class Interests, nnd ho warned the electors against listening for n moment to a candidate who would tolerate ii nominated upper house.-A vote of thanks having been given (ollie chairman, the meeting separated. -Abridged from Empire, Jan. 20. PARRAMATTA ELECTION: Mn. ANDREW MURRAY.-On Wednesday evening a meet- ing of the electors of Parramatta, favorable to the return of Mr. Andrew Murray, was held ttt the Royal Oak Inn. Mr. Williams was called to the chnir. Mr. Murray said that he bud now been thirty-eight years in Hie colony, and he had been umang thom all that time ; he wits therefore well ucqunlntetl with their wants, and if returned would be able to state them to the Parliament. He would state his opinions on the general poli- tical topics. The Constitution Act was not altogether acaording to lils Ideas. He was not friendly to His nominee principle, al- though ha hud been n nominee himself. If the nominee principle lind been purtial, and confinad to a specific part, ho would liuve been less against it. Ile waa glad then that the Imperial Parliament had given the new Parliament power to repeal Hint, as well as the odious two-thirds clause. He objected most strongly to the clause excluding clergymen from the legislature, as it was most unfair to exclude any clues, mid ho would do evnrylhing to hnve ii sat aside. He did not ngree with thoso who wished the destruction or tho New Constitution tu loto, us ho considered it gave a very large instal- ment of liberty to Hie colony. They bud now the purse strings in their own hands, and the management of tho waste lands. He was tolerant of nil religious dénomina- tions, and he considered that the Jews were entitled to receive stale support as well us other denominations, as they equally con- tributed tu Ibu support of the country. Ile udvueuted e lucatiun most strongly, but he approved of the national system. It was more practicable because it wus impossible in the small villages of the interior for the Government to find tencheis for each of the religious denominuttous. He thought they should even forego a portion of the religious education to obtain u scholastic ono, at, n literary education was belter than no \ education at all. With roference to the dit ppsnl of the waste lands, he thought that some of the suggestions of the Commis- sioners appointed to report on the Surveyor General's department would be useful if carried out. He had travelled over a large porlion of Hie colony, mid he considered Hint much of it was unfit for agricultural | purposes. He thought therefore that proper i selections should be made, and the whole of these particular districts surveyed at one lime, and then thrown into the markot, ne It waa in America, and then an individual could make his sélection at once. He wns favorable to corporations. He was also fuvorablo lo triul by jury, and thought thot the time wns como when Ihey might have grand juries. With regard to railways, he was a great advocate for good roads, whether they were railroads, tramroade, or macada- mised roads. If they could not get tram roads they should get good roads, and tho people would pay for them.- It was then inoved by Mr. Brown, seconded by Mr. Staff, nnd unanimously carried, that Mr. Murray was a fit and proper person to repre- sent the borough of Piirriimnttft. After a vote of thanks to the chairman the meeting sapurated.-Abridged from S. M. Herald, Jan. 25. DREADFUL MASSACRE BY THE BLACKS AT PORT CURTIS.- A gentlemnn just arrived from Port Curtis has favoured us with the following particulars of some recent mur- derous perpetrations by Hie blacks in that locality. On the 27th December a large party of these rascals made a rush upon Mr. Young's station, and killed a white mun who was engaged in slaughtering a sheep, fol- lowing up two others who attempted to escape to the hut, and spearing them through the body. Another white man and his wife retreated to a gunyah, where they for some time withstood most determinedly the at- tacks of their besiegers. Ultimately, how- ever, the natives tore down the bark at the back of the gunyah, and the besieged couple fell beneath the repeated blows of their mur- derers. It is even a fact that the diabolical wretches attempted to violate the woman after they had accomplished her death. Two civilised blacks who were about the station were also murdered. The news of this hor- rible tragedy reached Mr. Young's ears on his return from Gladstone, whither he had gone for the transaction of business, his informant being a black boy attached to the station. The wretchedly inadequate remains of the native police force, under Lieutenant Murray, immediately went in pursuit, but on coming up with the natives, they found them assembled in such large numbers, and so well prepared for a hostile demonstration, that Lieutenant Murray deemed it advisable to confine his operations to watching their movements. As may well be imagined, the inhabitants of Port Curtis are in a fearful state of suspense, and very justly anticipate that the blacks, growing bolder and bolder from the inudequncy of the force brought against them, will extend their ravages, and even make an attack upon the township itself. In this fear the people are strength- ened by the remembrance of the fact that the blacks are still unpunished for recent atrocities, and that, from this circumstance, they will prosecute with impunity any vil lanous designs they may have in contempla- tion.-- Moreton Bay Free Press, Jan. 22. 