DESTITUTE BOARD. ASYLUM, PARK LANDS : MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4. Present — The Very Rev. M. Ryan (in the chair), the Rev. R. Haining, the Rev. J. Gardner, the Colonial Sur- geon, Messrs. W. Giles, S. Stocks, and. M. Moorhouse. APPOINTMENT. Mrs. Winstanlcy was appointed (temporarily) Acting Nurse ; the appointment to give her no claim to the permanent situation. AVSBAGB COST OF FAUFEB FtVEBAfcS. Mr. Stocks referred to the report of the Comptroller, published in the last Gazette, which gave the gross amounts expended on pauper funerals, in various loca lities, without specifying the number of funerals in each locality. He thought it important to specify in future reports the number of funerals in each place, that the average cost might be ascertained. Mr. Moobuouse said deaths frequently occurred at a distance of some miles from the point indicated, which in such cases would entail increased expense. It was resolved to give in future the average c?st of funerals at each locality specified in the report. ItZST OP DESBBTSD PASZLISS. Mr. Stocks thought the nominal list of deserted fund* lies receiving relief from that Board, as published in the last Gazette, should be published in the local papers. Mr. Mooshottsk said the Government had been in. the habit of publishing those lists'in the Melbourne papers, and also by handbills circulated on the'gold- fields. He might remark that three cases had occured lately in which men had been shamed into retaining, and taking charge of their famiies. Mr. Stocks 'was strongly of opinion that many men who had abandoned their , families were living and oh* fanning good wages in this colony; if so, and the local papers printed gratis the names of families abandoned, it might do great good. The Rev. Mt.'Gakditeb thought they should, if they determined on publishing the fist, pay for it in the ordi nary way. A conversation followed, which resulted in a resolution to publish the list of families receiving assistance from that Board in consequt nee of their desertion by husbands and lathers in the Adelaide daily and weekly papers. HUMBLE INDIGENCE. Miss Hart submitted to the Board a piece of beef, which she condemned as unfit for her use, and not such as had been ordered for her that morning by the Colonial Surgeon. The Colosial Surgeon said he had ordered Miss Hart a pound of good beef that morning. He confessed he saw nothing wrong in the beef produced. The Board unanimously approved of the quality of the meat. Miss Hart, who walked into the Board-room with all the insolence of a workhouse revolver, said she would have justice ; that she would insist on. She would not take that meat ; she would leave it there. She would have proper support, or none at ail. They had robbed her from first to last, and she would let them know it. She would let them see whether the Colonial Secretary would support them or her. Standing in the dooorway, retreating, she held up her arm like the ghost of Caesar. and said, in a voice that would have been solemn had it not been cracked — Remember, justice! The Board resolved that Miss Hart shall in future be treated precisely the same as any other pauper. OUTDOOB BELIEF. A letter was read from Mr. Bowman, of the Pine Forest, requesting assistance for a woman who had three grandchildren left with her by her daughter, who had gone to the gold-fields in search of her husband. The poor woman had two children of her own to support. The Board resolved to continue for three months the single ration already granted ta this woman. 1 letter from Mr. J. B.Shepherdson, of Mount Barker, applied to the Board for aid to a destitute woman with four children and her aged mother; also, for an infirm female, aged 70 years. The Board ordered continued relief for three months to those women. , Another letter from Mr. Shepherdson referred to the case of a man named Ryan, who had been reaping for live days, when he fell ill. He was now lying in Mr. L. McFarlane's barn, and, although recovering, was com pletely destitute. The Rev. Mr. Btay said the man arrived with his family in the Agin court, he believed; as to his and indigence, the statement was quite correct. The Board ordered the man to be removed to the Adelaide Hospital. KACCLESFIBXiD. A letter from the police-officer in charge at Maccles field reported that the young man, Thomas Hawkins, an immigrant by the Victoria Kegia, was recovering under the treatment of Dr. Ferguson, called attention to the expense incurred, and asked for information as to how the writer should proceed in similar It appeared^ that the question as to the payment of medical men in the country is under the consideration of the Government, and this matter must await its decision. A letter was read from Mr. Anderson, of Morphett Vale, asking relief for a poor woman with a family, who has been left destitute bj the death of her husband, a late arrival. Rations ordered for three months. A letter was read which reported an accident to a young German immigrant, who was injured by a horse while in the service of Jasper Krfiss, Grunfchal, and ask jp^theRttrd to pay the medical expenses.. A letter sent to the Colonial Secretary, and by that officer referred to the Board, was considered. It referred to the case of a young woman who, in pasting the City Waterworks, was suddenly seized with labour-sickness, and, having been humanely sheltered at that cstabllsh ment* was delivered. The letter implied a charge of; neglect against, the Relieving Officer. \- Mr, Tappet stated what he did in the matter, and i The Board, having fully investigated the case, re- I solved that, while it is the duty of the Relieving Officer to attend promptly between Board days to all urgent cases of distress, there was no cause to censure his ion- I duct in that particular case. An old man, accompanied by three daughters, applied i for relief. The Chairman said the females would he entitled to shelter in the Depots wore it not that their lather was in the colony. He thought them tit subjects for relief; as they were not more than a fortnight in the colony. Mr. Gabditer thought it would he sufficient to give rations to the old man. The CSACEirxrr—What are tfa06c girls to do? They arc only ineligible for shelter at the Depot because they have their father in the colony; but as he is a pauper, what support can he afford them? The Rev. Mr. Gardner thought the girls, as they were able-bodied women, might fight their way. Mr. Giles thoueht it a difficult case. By the rules support could not be given in the Depot to girls having a parent in the colony, but he certainly could not sup port them. The Colonial Surgeon considered the girls should berationcd for a short time. The Rev. Mr. Gardner—They have already had a fortnight's support. The Board finally resolved to give the {Arties a fort night's rations; but urged on them the necessity for exertion to obtain employment as the relief could not be continued. Several cases where relief had been granted were struck off, and others after fall enquiry were put oa the ration list for a short time. One decision appeared harsh. A poor woman from the Port, with a child in her firms, which in cooler weather would have been a heavy load for a strong man, stated that she had no food for her children, ana that her husband had deserted her. She was ordered to produce a note from Dr. Duncan. She said he had re fused to give her anote. and urged in tears her absolute want of food for her children. The Board ordered her to withdraw, and obtain a note from Dr. Duncan. We saw this poor creature outside, bewailing her destitution, and frantically declaring that rather than see her children starve before her lace she would put an end to them and herself. 