€Jjt Cnttiifn}, Maitland School of ArtSi— At the fortnightly meeting, oit Thursday evening* Mr. Sinclair gave an essay on 'Spirit Rapping.' After a few remarks on the debateable nature of tho subject, he proceeded to show tho different tests which had been applied to it iti England ; some ascribing it to desease, to mono mania, spectral illusions) mental illusions, Ac. But I10 argued that they could not be brought to bear upon the subject. Many of the wisest men have tested it in a great many ways, and wero perfectly bewildered ; and the only conclusion that could be arrived at was, that the sounds were occasioned by mysterious agencies. Having explained the subject of the ?? mediums,' ' of whom he asserted tnere Wet'e 30,000, and through whom the spirits were supposed to communicate with man in the flesh, be proceeded to show the manner in which the communications were made, adducing several amusing and wonderful incidents as con vincing truths. He concluded that imposture was out of tho question, as it was impossible that so many thousands who liavo been acted upon by it, but that one of them would 'blab.' Besides that, it was against reason that so many would join in a trickery : and then, we were not to reject it because we could not believe, saying, these things happen in America, and why not. here : as an oyster might, if told that there was a sun, say, ' I don't believe it, I never heard of it before.' I11 the debate which followed, several of the speakers ascribed it to mental illusion, a deceased mind, &c.;, all of them agreeing that it was a species of humbug. In the course of the discussion, several laughable ghost stories were told ; arid, after an animated discussion, a vote of thanks was given to the essayist, and tho meeting separated. — Maitland Mercury , Charges of Perjury. — The case of Campbell v. Green was called on before the bench at West Maitland, on Thursday, when their worships thought that a prima facice case was made out, and committed the defendant to take his trial at the next Criminal Court. — The case of Campbell v. Henry, for perjury, was then called on ; but, on account of the information being in East Maitland, the case was not entered into. After a little conversa tion, the bench agreed to remand it till Saturday, May 10, when the case will be heard at East Maitland. Both defendants were allowed bail, .themselves in £100 each, and two sureties in £50 — Green to appear at the Criminal Court, and Henry on Saturday. — ? Ibid. Limestone.— During the last day or two, we were agreeably surprised with the information that Mr. Keene, the Government Coal or Mineral Surveyor, had ascertained that limestone of good quality existed within the boundary of West Maitland. Our ' informant was present when Mr. Keene examire.1 some stones ou ihe slope of the hill in the garden of the Maitland Hospital, and pronounced them good limestone. Observing that Mr. Keene was in Maitland, we took an opportunity of making enquiry on the matter, and were informed that the fact was so, Mr. Keene having then with him some specimen of the rock, a coralline limestone. So far as is yet known, it is a thin or shallow bed or seam of rock, apparently identical with a similar bed which Mr. Keene has traced at Harper's Hill, and at Turner's farm, near Lochinvar ; and which he found being worked and burnt at Mr. Campbell's, Cessnock. There it makes an admirable lime, pure and strong. This may ultimately prove of immense value to Maitland, particularly in reference to the erection of public buildings, where the lasting quality of the mortar becomes of great importance. The surface stones Mr. Keene pointed out had been changed by exposure to the atmosphere ; but, if the rock were quarried, he had 110 doubt it would prove of the same good quality as the Cessnock limestone.— Ibid., May 13. Towns' Improvement Committee;— Some short time since, we noted the fact that two memorials, emanating from the above committee, had been forwarded by the Government Piesident to the Governor General; one of which had reference to the streets of the town, and the other to the absence of police protection at Sandgate, To these memorials, the subjoined replies have been received by the Chairman of the Committee: — 'Government Resident's Office, Moreton Bay, April 30th, 185f-. Gentlemen — I do myself the honour to acquaint you that I have received an acknowledgement of my letter of the 15th instant, forwarding a petition from certain of the inhabitants of Brisbane, praying- tln.fc a sum may be placed 011 the estimates for the improvement of tho streets of this town, and that his Excellency the Governor General considers that the inhabitants should have the power of assessing themselves for such purposes ; and that it is probable that a municipal form of Government will be granted to Brisbane this year. Jno. C. Wick.au, Government Resident.. II. J. Coley, Esq , and other gentlemen signing a memorial.'— Moreton Bay Free Press, May 5. [We have extracted the above in order that the residents of this, and other towns in the district, may observe two things : first, the formation of local committees for the improvement of our towns; and, secondly, as indicating 1 he course the Government is likely to take, in reference to tho country districts, when applications of a like nature are made to it.— Ed. I. J/.] Members of the 'Upper House. — Amongst the names com- '? prising ihe nominated members of the Upper House is included that of W. Ii. Suttor, Esq., of Bruccdale. We have authority, however, to state that Mr. Suttor has declined the proffered honour, and intends to contest the election i'or ihe county of Bathurst. It is not yet known what course Mr. Bligh, who has, also, been nominated, intends to pursue. — Bathurst Free Press , May 7. Mr. Bligh.-— Since the above paragraph was penned, we learn that a letter has been received from Mr. Bligh,- by Dr. Machattie, announcing his intention to accept the seat in the Upper House which has been offered to him by the Executive. We applaud the step Mr. Bligh has taken, notwithstanding the silly practice, so prevalent during the election, of pledging candidates not to take a seat in the Upper Chamber. We are sure of one liberal representative at least for the County of Bathurst. — Ibid. A Prolific Apple Tree. — A few days since, an apple tree Mr. Rotton's orchard, Blackdown, was stripped of its fruit, which numbered 234 dozen or 2800 apples. A short time previous, one of the limbs broke from the tree with its own weight, when ten dozen were taken from it, and it is calculated that some ten or twelve dozen had been consumed from the same tree by the different members of the family, thus making a total of at least 254 dozen or 3048 apple's ; a yield which, so far as. we are aware si of, has never been equalled in the district.^— $bid. ' ' Gold Discorf.uy near MARULAN.--District constable Walker arrived in town last Wednesday, and reports that two parties have beeii prospecting on the Shoallniven River, about six miles from Marulun, and with good success.. The gold is found in the deep gullies running down to the bed of the river. One party of five, got a good yield of gold in; sinking a deep hole, when tiie water rushed in and temporarily retarded their operations. It seems evident from; the accounts which we have received that a rich and extensive gold field will be developed in: the neighbourhood of Marulun', .and we sincerely hope for tho public good that our expectations will not prove fallacious. — Coulburn Herald, May ? 10:. Potatoes. — This has been a most extraordinary season for the potato crop ever known in this part of the colony, and we believe that in other parts of the country our fellow- coioiiiscs are not be hind 11s, We have been shown a quantity of potatoes at Mrs. Capel's shop in Auburn-street, remarkable for their size, sound ness, a'ld quality. We have heard of solitary instances of potatoes of ereater size and weight having been grown, but those on sale at Mrs. Capel's shop have the advantage of conforming in size and weight, instead of consisting of a few great ones to a doz- it of small. They are from the farm of Mrs. Simons at Rhyii.a« -Ibid, . ? ? .tV. Perseverance under Difficulties. — A few days ago two diggers arrived at Bathurst from the Calula diggings with a cart pretty heavily laden with diggers' implements, and the other etceteras comprised iu the necessaries of a goldseeker's vocation, the whole of which they had draged a distance of some eighteen or twenty miles, a portion of it very rough country. It appears from their own statement, that, having nearly du-* themselves out of means, they determined on departing, and oifered their cart and materials for sale, but as purchasers were scarce and cash scarcer, they resolved to proceed to Bathurst and take their property with them. Accordingly one of them harnessed himself as a shafter, and the other as a leader, the latter pulling or pushing as the case required, and in this manner they arrived in town. Mr. Boyle, the auctioneer, purchased their stock-in-trade, and in reply to some re marks on their feat, they observed that for the sum of £10 they ?would drag tho whole to Sydney. This is a somewhat kindred case lo that of the Yankee, who left the far west for California, with a wheel-barrow, in which he carried all his worldly substance, tli3 difference being simply one of decree. The Fatal Collision at Sea. — It is our painful task to re cord an accident of this nature which occurred on Saturday morn ing last, between 1 and 2 a.m., and hy which two lives were lost. The steamer Thistle, on her passage from Sydney to Morpeth, ran into the schooner Fortitude, for Sydney, laden with coals ; the schooner immediately sunk ; there were four men on board, and two of them happening to bo in the stern part of the vessel, nearest to the steamer, succeeded in jumping on board ; the other two were unfortunately drowned. At the time of the occurrance the vessels were oft' Broken Bay. From the reports we have heard it appears that both vessels had been running close to the shore, and were at the time both putting out, when they came iuto con tact. The men on board the schooner saw the steamer coming straight upon them, and kept calling out, but could not get out of j ?the way : there was a light on board the schooner. We have heard statements of negligence in there not being a proper look out kept on board the Thistle, b it as we understand there will be an inquiry into the matter, we refrain from publishing them The names of the two men who went down in the schooner we liave not been able to ascertain. The Fortitude belonged to Messrs. Newman and Heugh — Maitland Mercury , May 13. Tuena Goi.d Fields. — The news from Tuena is still most en couraging. The population is daily increasing, both from the Goulburn and Batliurst sides. The yields in the favourite spots are not dimini.-hing, and somi fresh holes have been opened, which promise abundant returns. Mr. Collins has purchased 57 ounces of gold from these diggings since our last issue. The price given ?was £3 15s. It is reported that considerable quantities of the metal are in the hands of the diggers, owing to a want of facilities of sale. '1'iacle amongst the storekeepers and publicans on the spot was very bri-k. — Goulburn Chronicle , May 10. 