i CONORBQATIONAL CHURCH. NEWTOWN. " Â TH1 lIyIKO OF IHB ÏOUNDATlOIf STélfH. " The foundation of th« Congregational Church, about to be erected at Newtown, in the immediate vicinity of the railway bridge, was laid yesterday afternoon, hy the Rev. Sr. Ros«, in the presence of a numerou» assembly, including many ladies. The weather which was very unfavourable throughout the early partof the day, deterred many from witnessing the ceremony, but at the time appointed for laying the stone the rain had ceased, the sun shone out gloriously, and the business of the meeting was transacted to th' satiafaotion of all present. The building, when completed, will be 40 feet by 70 feet, and 26 feet high, so as to admit of galleries when required. In point of architectural beauty (judging tromthe design}, it will scarcely be surpassed by any church in the colony. The st) le is Roman. A document containing the following words was de- posited underneath the foundation stone : - The stone la whloh thta document le doposltol, la the foundation atone of a Oongroiatlonal Chureh, built in connection with the Congregational Church Building Society of New South Wale», on land glSen for the uurpoae by John and Alfred Fairfax, Beqolrep. It waa laid by the Rev. Or. Hole, on Tueaday, the twsniy-rixth diy of February, in I he year of our lord one tbousind eight boa drcd aid fltty-ti», and In the nineteenth yar of the reign of har m»j»«ty Qaoen Victoria, Sir William Deniaoa being Governor of t thin oolony. Architect, Mr. John Bibb. Builder, Mr. Wullara Bailey. (Signed) Samuel Ciiauiiebü Kent, Congregational Minister. After the singing of a hymn, and the reading of a portion of the third chapter of the Book of Ezra, an appropriate prayer was offered by the Rev. 8. C. Kent. Tho Rev. Dr. Ross then laid the stone in the usual manner, sa) ing-" I lay this stone as the foundation stone of a Congregationaliat Church, to be erected here, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The Reverend Doctor continued : I have laid the foundation stone of the church proposed to be erected here, in the belief that those who occupy the pulpit of the building to be raised upon it, will ever maintain the Divine origin of the Holy Scriptures, and at the same time preach fully, freely, and truly, the great doctrines of the gospel. I believe that the ministers who stand up in this building*, will explicitly maintain that the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost, are but one God ; that the Father loved the world so aa to give his only begotten 8on to save it, and that the Son loved the world equally with the Father, so as to come into it, assume our nature, and die for us after showing us an example how we ought to live. I believe also, that the minister will here declare to all who come within the reach of his voice, that in con- sequence of the depraved nature of man, there must be a Divino influence to renovate that nature-to make it like Christ-to fit man for living with God,-and that that influence must be communicated through the Holy Ghost, the third person in the Holy Trinity. I believe that the minister who is appointed f<om time to time to preach in this place, will maintain that the law can never be broken without incuriing the displeasure of God, and that it is the design of Christianity to sup- port that law, as explained by Jesus Christ, so that they who beliove in him shall gradually became meet for the inheritance of the saints in light-that maa, in ' short, ia a responsible creature ; that after he is laid in the grave he shall rise «gain on the morning of the resurrection, and that he shall stand at the juogtnent seat of Christ at the last day, and be judged by him according to the deeds done in the bedy, whether they have been good or bad. Another witness* | for God is now being brought into existence. It will be as a city set upon a bill that all men may see it-as a light shining in dark places to guide the feet of men to glory and honour, and immortality. I have, teo, this further faith,-that by means of the preaching of the Gospel ia the building to be erected here, the young will be instructed ; I believe that those who are from God will be brought in, or, at any rate, an tffjtt will be made to bring them to the Father, by the Gospel of His Son. I believe that here many of the undecided will be brought to a decision, er at least that it will be the aim of the minist*r to induce them to decide ; and I believe that the minister will become the honoured instrument of leading many to glory, honour, and immortality. These things I believe ; but it is necessary I should s By, also, that the doctrines cf the gospel will be spoken with the voice of Itdependency. This is a Congregational or Independent Church. It would have no meaning at all if the minister were not a Con. gregntionalist or an Independent. The foundation on which our system rests is this : that all men have a right to act upon their religious convictions. I do not say that this fundamental principle will make all men Independents, or members of any other denomina- tion, but this is the principle upon which we rest - that all of you have a right to read the Bible for yourselves, have a right to interpret the Bible for yourselves, and, having done so, have a right to act upon your own convictions. We are not at liberty to persecute anybedy because they_ differ from us ; we have no right to put them in gaol if they come to conclusions in direct opposition to thise we hava formed ourselves. If they differ from us we have ^ no right to frown upon them, to bcow! upon them, or .ven to look upon them with a stem eye. But the SBme privilege we ask for ourselves-the right of acting in atfeordance with our own rel'gious con- victions-we grant to others. Go think for ycurselver,. read for yourselves, decide foi yourselves. These are our principles, and ttey have ever been so. Cur Independency, I may say, does notper mit us to niter the Scriptures ; it does not permit us even to modify the Scriptures so ss to meet our views ; it docs not permit us on any point to say that the Bible is wrong ; wo take it as it has come from God. Divine in its origin, we try to find out its meaning and to act upon it. In thus speaking, you will perceive I do not wish to reflect upon any religious Protestant evangelical body ; « I can say to the Presbyterian, you have a right to act upon your religious convictions ; you have adopted Presbytery as your conviction- go and act upon it ; preach tho gospel by means of it ; with its voice hold it up to the world-and God speed you. I say so to the Wesleyang. I say so to the Episcopa- lians. I say so to everybody that acknowledges the Word of God, as coming from Him. There am in that Word revealed the to us doctrines which may save the soul ,* which open the gates of Heaven for the admis- sion of the human race. These are saving doctrines, -but an Independent doctrine,-a Presbyterian doc- trine, or the doctrine of any other denominations, are | not necessarily saving doctrines. I may be an Inde- pendent, and yet perish. I may bo a Presbyterian, and yet perish. I may be a a Wesleyan, and yet perish. . I* may be an Episcopalian, and yet periiäh. But I cannot believe the truth as it is in Jesus, and perish. With that in my head and heart, I know that when I dio the gates of heaven will be thrown open for my admittance» Preach the Gespol, therefore, I say, to all by whiob souls may be saved, and may God give the increase. . But then I cannot preach the Gospel in any other way than as an Independent. If I were to say I was »n Episcopalian or a Presbyterian, that would be false; I am not, hut I allow them tho same privileges I ask for myse'f. I am an Independent, a Congregation alist ; and I must therefore hold up the Gospel in the bonds of Independency or Congrega- tionalism. Do you likewiee act upon your convictions, and may God blesB you tis he blesses all bodies of Christians who believe the truth and act upon it. May the results I have alluded to be brought about by the preaching of the gospel in this place ; may the'doe'rinea to which I have referred be here ever preached ; and when we all di* in the faith of Christ, and go beyond this wor'd to that unseen, all denominational differences will be forgotten. The Rev. C. Kent then announced that the Rev. J. Beazley would deliver an address on the Principles of Congregational Independenoy. The Rev. J. Beazley Bald, My reverend brother has announced that I am to deliver an address to you on the Principles of Congregational Independency. I came here in some measure prepared to do io, but the rev. doctor has so thoroughly anticipated roe m every respect, that, if I deliver to you the thoughts I have arranged, you will scarcely find an additional one, although perhaps carried out and illustrated a little more fully. However,, as the weather is so suitable, and likely to ba so for a few hours, perhapB I may be permitted to occupy your time for a quarter of an hour er twenty minute». (Hear, hear.) Having been previously requested by our esteemed friend Mr Kent, to deliver an address CD the present auspicious occasion, I readily yielded to his wishes ; for I remembered that I had, to some limited extent, prepared the way fot'this movement, and that the first members of the church to be formed here w( aid have to be transplanted from the communion with which I am so intimately connected. I was, moreover, not un- willing to have my name associated with the earliest effotts of my denomination in this rising and beauti- ful neighbourhood. It iß hardly necessary, either for myself or my brethren, to make any formal declara- tion of good-will towards fe'low-christisns of other . vie we and other names. I may say, nevertheless, that I do not think bo highly of our own churches u to be under any temptalitn to disparage other». I do not imagine that we, or that any Christian communitiee, possess a monopoly of truth, wisdom, ex- cellence, or zeal. No existing Church, aa it seems to us, can be regarded at presenting . full - length portrait of Chriatianity. y Tt itami. indeed, almost ludieron» for any denomina« lÍXSmífoi»body an- to exhibit all the feature. ¿fNewTestament Chïl»tianlty ; but we might, per hap», detect among the whole number all her ««ential feature». The merciful Father ha» divided hi» «oh sift» among thoae " who fear him, and work rights Susness." To one ohurch he give» zeal-to another liant-to one to aeaert the conservative element or toe religion of Jesu»-to another to proclaim it» progres- sive tendency. With these view», it will be seen, that we have ne desire to engross the formation of the pub- lic miad. We have, indeed, he.rd this wish expressed and with the most winning simplicity, *7 TT«« brethren of other communions. We oannot adopt such sentiment*. We are content to stand^mong¡our brethren »blessingand being blessed." Wejiquire to " nive " what we pos»es», and not les» to " receive from other» what they have to impart. We rejoice to see Christian churches »et beneficially on each other, and we pray that the zeal of one ohurch, »nd the light of another, may spread and blend, and become the-property of the ChuT.h univer- sal If -mid the Chnrches of thi» day, there is wis-1 dom, zeal, and liberality, sufficient to sustain and to extend the «acred-the glorious-cause of the Re* desmer, let us be thankful. I will nor affirm that the existence of different seuts is per se acceptable to God, neither will I admit that it i» per so »n unmitigated evil. The ory of " division," " schism," et cetera, we regard as coming from minds that have not been trained to deep and comprehensive thinking. The Churches of Christ constitute, as we believe, one Church-just as the human race, with all its bewilder- ing diversities of civiliied and uncivilized - it» vsrieties of Caucasian, Malay, Mongolian, Ethiopie, and Ameri- can, were made of " one blood "-and of one God. But I must draw attention to what is more im- mediately appropriate to this occasion. The more I consider our system the more convinced am I that the doctrine of private judgment lies at its basis. This right is the most indestructible, the moat sacred pertaining to man: it» exercise involve» the deepest responsibility. Man ia brought into life with the high endowments of mind. He is placed in a world filled with great and beautiful objects, rivets, mountains, Valleys, tree», flowers, living creatures. Then, as his faculties expand, he becomes acquainted with Divine government and Providence-with vice, virtue, penalty, law. If true to his own nature and culture he must have his own views »nd perception» of these and other object» ; must see with his own eyes, hear with his own ears, and infer and judge with his own mind. He may derive aid from other minds, but to himself pertains the responsibility of judging and acting. In the province of religion the same right is to be maintained. The Bible is placed be- fore us teaching truth of the highest moment. This precious book we are commanded to read and »tudy, and thi» we may do with all the aids that can be obtained. But the view» we take of the meaning of the book must be our own. If we sre authoritatively stopped in this course, an effectual barrier is at once put to our cultivation as intelligent beings. We assume, a» an indisputable axiom, that the fsculties of the mind were given to be exercised the mind to be educated-but educated it never can _e except through its own perceptions and convictions. Till you encourage and develop thought and judg- ment, education ia not even begun. Ton mar fill the mind with all knowledge, scientific, historical, or phi- losophic; but if there is no independent thought, you make no progress. The eduosted man is a thinker -a man whose mind hu been trained to the exercise of judgment; and hu education h»s involved million« of instance» of decisions of most vital moment; and hence, and not from the mere possession of knowledge, he is fitted to take his part in the responsible business of life. Now we assert the right of private judgment in regard to religion. Nay, we urge the sacred duty of exercis . ing the mind upon the whole subject of religion, in- cluding its doctrines and evidences. We would insist, with emphasis, on this duty. We keep our eye fixed on the nature of mind-we bear in recollection eternal distinction between mind and matter. If the mind were wood you could plane it,-if metal you might recast it,-if a vegetable you might transplant it, but as it is the inalienable prerogative of mind to investi- gate and judge, you must treat it in a manner accor- dant with its nature. It may be objected that few claim and exercise this right-and doubtless that is true-and is doubtless also to be deplored, but not lets a duty. Man carries this right with him into all con- ditions of life-into Church-unless he have divine authority for alienating it, or suspending its exercise. If the blessed founder of our Christianity has for- bidden the exercise of reason, we submit ; but I find nothing of this, neither in him nor in those he sent forth, - who could appeal to miracles as vouchers of the truth of their doctrines. We form churches-we induce persons to join them we invite them to the table of the Lord, with no idea that a person, in putting on a profession of Christ, -puts off one of the most distinctive attributes of man- hood. The minister has to work on the surrounding po . pulation, but he cannotgobeyondinstruction, entreaty, .warning. If he goes further-appeals to superstition, to authority-or tries to avenge the resistance which any may offer to his instruction, he deserves to be pitied for his ignorance, or despised for his tyranny. It is one of the gravest, most reproachful, of offences of a'Christian teacher to deal with his hearers other- wise than as men of {tee and independent minds. If he instructs and edifies hie Christian brethren it must be with due reverence for the God-given right of which I speak. If he forget this-if he presume to stand in any other relation than that of one who would guide and rule through the presentation of truth ; if he rebukes inquiry, and affects " dominion" over faith, ho is not a faithful pastor, but a tyrant 41 lording it over God's heritage." The object of a minister should be to encoursge, and develop, and strengthen the power of thought, that his hearers " may have their senses exercised,"-that thus the mind may be dis- ciplined and fitted to obey the high command of Christ. " Take heed what ye hear ;" and that of. his apostle "Prove all things." Asserting the right and the duty of every Christian to think for himself, it will be seen with what consistency we claim to choose our own teachers, and disallow any body of person» placing over us and retaining in that position a man whose character or communication we disapprove. It seems equally consistent in us a» a denomination to decline State support. Those who give to the support of objects should have some voice as to the expendi- ture of the moneys they give, especially if they act in the responsible character cf trustees. They should have a voice, and they have, and always have had. But as we claim the right to think for ourselves-to alter or modify o_r views, and refuse to be guided or catechised by any body ef men, not excepting the Government of the country, we cannot in consistency receive its support. Maintaining the doctrine of mental independence, it is not surprising that we should be foremost in all attempts at Bocial progress, that we should as a body be so extensively connected with tho liberal portion of the Press, We learn to think, we leam our right to think from the Bible. In this school wo receive our training. We turn with our mind thus trained to all subjects that effect man- to the problems of politics-to all aspeots of common life ; and the extensive prevalence of liberal and pro- gressive thinking in our modern literature may be re-1 gardedas the result of our fathers' labours in this' great cause. Finally, I express my congratulations to my brother upon this occasion, and I would express the hepe that he may be spared to carry out the system here in all its simplicity and intetrity, that we may kindle a light in this place, that may shine for ages, ' that he may stand before his people in the relation of a man who says as the result of prolonged study-" I lay the truth before you, my brethren, take it, compare it with the Scriptures, and as it appears to jou to be truth, or nor, receive it or reject it." A prayer was offered up by the Rev. Mr. Chapman, who also pronounced the benediction, and the cere- mony of laying the foundation stone terminated. A public tea meeting was then held in a saloon, kindly lent by Mr, W. Bailey, contiguous to the site of the new church. The apartment was decorated in the usual manner with evergreen», &c;, and several minis- ters and gentlemen addressed the meeting. NEW POLLING PLACES.-By a proclamation in yes- terday's Government Gazette, it is appointed that the following places shall be polling-places to the respec- tive electoral districts named in connection therewith in addition to the several polling-places appointed for the said electoral districts by the Electoral Act of 1851 :—For the electoral district of the eastern divi- sion of the county of Camden,—Bumedary Point, on the Shoalhaven River. For the electoral district of the united counties of Phillip, Brisbane, and Bligh,— Rylstone. For the electoral district of the county of Argyle,—Bungonia and Collector. For the electoral district of the united pastoral districts of Lachlan and Lower Darling,—Bathurst. Appoistmbkts.-Executive Council: To be mern bars, Edward De« Thomson, Esq., and Campbell Drummond Riddell, E.q-Savings' Bank ¡Wo. lb£. «& V b? ?"?.?6« »"»tee, and Mr. WUlism *_ 