THE PATRIOT'S BRIDE. BT CllXltLES OAVAN DUFFY, .M. P. Oh ! give mo buck that royal dream - My fancy wrought, When I have seen your sunny eyes •' .Grow moist with thought; , i ' Aud fondly .hop'd, dear Love, yourlioart from mitie •' lia spell hud caught; And laid nicdown to dream that dream divine, " But true, raethouglit, Of. how my life's long task would be, to uiako yonr'n bleened as it ought. > Toloarn to lovo sweet Nature, mora ^ • For your sweet ssko, v " To watch with *yoii—dear friend, with you I— It's wonder» break; The sparkling Spring in that bright face to see It's mirror mako On Summer morns to hesr the sweet birds sing By linn and lake ; And know your voico, your ruugii! voice, could still ; a grander.music wake ! On some old shell-stvewn rock to sit In Autumn evea, ^vWhere grey Killiney cooIb the torrid air Hot nutiimn weaves , 4$ Or by thnt Holy Well in mountain lone, Where faith believe') (Fain would I b'lieve) its secret, darling, wish True love achieves. Yet, oh I its Suint was not inoro pure than she to whom my fond heart cleaves. To see the dauk mid-winter night . Puss like u miou, Sultry with thought from minds that teemed, ' And glowed like June ; Whereto would pass in sculped and pictured train - - Art's magic boon ; . And Music thrill with many a haughty strain, And dear old tune. Till hearts grew sad to hear the destined ,l)onr to part " had come so soon. *To wake the old weird world that sleeps In Irish lore; The strains sweet foreign Spenser sung By Mulla's shore; Dear Curran's airy thoughts, like purple birds That shine and soar; Tone's fiery hopes, and all the deathlesa vows That G rattan bk ore; The songa'thiit once our own dear Davis sung—ah Die ! to sin; no more. To search with mother love the gifts Our land eon boast; Soft Eraa's isles, Nragh's wooded slopes, Clare's iron ooast; . Kildare, whose legends gray our bosoms stir With fey and ghost; Grey Mourae, green Antrim, purplo Gleninalur— Lene's fairy host; With raids to many a foreign land to learn to love dear Irelaud most. And nil those proud old vietor-fields We thrill to name ; Whose mem'ries are the stars that light Long nights of shame ; 'The Cairn, the Dun, tlio Rath, the Tower, the Keep," That still proclaim In ohronioles of clay and stone, liovv true, how deep , Was Erie's fame. , . Oh; we Bhall see them •all with her, that dear, dear friend wo two have lov'd the same. . ' : Yet ah! how truer, teml'rer still — Methought did seem That.seene of tranquil joy, that happy home, By Dodder's stream *, The tuoruiug smile that grew'a fixed atav With lovs-lit beam, * The ringing laugh, locked hands, uud all the far. And' shining stream Of daily lore, that made our daily lifo diviner than a dreaiu Far still to me, dear Friend, dear Lovo, Or both—dear Wife, Your image eoines with serious thought* Bit fcendor, rife; No idle plaything to eaross or ehide In sport or strife; . But my beat chosen friend, con^mnioujguide, To walk through lifo, I.iuk'd hand in hand, two equal, loving friends, true husband and true wife. —Ballads of Ireland, by E. Hayes. 