DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE.' TUB HOADS COMMITTEE.-We have been requested to state that, in consequence of tha eleotions, the meeting of the Hoads Com- mittee, which was to have been held at No. 12 Temple Court this day, has been post- poned until Monday next, to bo held at the above place, at 3 p.m. SERMON.-It will bo seen fiom our adverti- sing columns that the Eev. James Ballantyne will preach in the Eev. William Jarrett'« church, Lonsdale-street (opposite the Ho3 Eital), at threo o'clock in the afternoon, and alf-past six o'clock in the evening. MEOHANIOS' INSTITUTION FOR HOTHAM: WARD.-A correspondent writes'.: "You would confer a benofit to the inhabitants of Hotham, Ward if you would call attention to the 1 attempt about to be made (as announced by advertisement) for the formation of a Me- chanics' Institution, or Mutual Improvement Association, in that district. The prominent position that Hotham Ward occupies as a portion of the city, and its growing impor- tance, fully warrant the supposition^tbat a a institution formed for the advancement of science and'literature, would meet with as much encouragement and support as in the smaller districts of Brunswick, St. Kilda, or (Prahran." Huan CAIRNS..-His Excellency has been pleased to commute the oxtiemc sentence of the law passed upon this wretched man to fifteen years' hard labor on the roads ; tha first three yeaTS in irons. The commutation was communicated to the prisoner on Tues- day night. The culprit said nothing; but appeared much relieved on hearing that mercy had been extended to him. Be had preserved stiiot taciturnity since his con- demnation, except to his religious advisers. Being a member of the Free Presbyterian Church, he has been visited in gaol by tho Bev. Dr. Cairns. The prisoner's account. o£ himself is, that ho came to this colony seven- teen years ago a free man, in the ship Re- covery. AnoRictiNEB oi' VICTORIA.-F. Kinsman, Treasurer of the Church of England Mission to the Aborigines, has much pleasure in ac- knowledging, per Mr. Hcales, £81, collection at St. Paul's church ; also from Missionary meeting at St. Luke'a, Emerald Hill, 85B Id.; Messrs. Wade and Gowan, 42s. ; Wilson auct Mackinnon, 42s. ; D. S. Campbell and Co., áOa.: Mr. Sleight, 20s.; Mr. Stevenson, 29a.; W. Powell, Esq., 21s. ; Dr Knaggs, 20s. Tha second annual report of the society has been printed (whioh may be had from the treasurer), and also an appeal from the committee, showing tho present state of the society. Two missionariea aro now laboring with the natives on the station opposite to the junction of the rivers Darling and Murray; it is earnestly hoped that thoy will prosper in their work, and that the society will be aup , ported by the fiiends of missions. It ia tua intention of the committee to canvass in aioT of the funds of the society, and they doubt not but ¡that the public wiil respond to thai call. THREATENING; TO STAB.-James Davis, on remand at the City Court on the charge of threatening to stab a man in a crowd which ti as collected in front of the Bull and Mouth Hotel, Bourke street, on Tuesday evening, <was again brought up yesterday. Tho cir- cumstances of this case have already ay , peared. The prisoner denied having drawn a knife, or having threatened to use any such weapon, and the Bench discharged him. Hans Hansen, charged with assisting the first prisoner in attempting his eicape from tho police, and with assaulting Mr. Gregory, waa also biought up again yestorday. The pri- soner alleged that ho knew nothing of Davi9, and denied having interfered' in any way with Mr. Gregory, until a crowd of six or. seven persons, of whom Mr. Gregory appeared to be the leader, entered his shop, ana wera engaged in a scuffle there. He was acting in defence of his property when he was taken intocuBtody. The prisoner was discharged, and made an application for damages, whioh the Bench were obliged to refuse. DUNOIUY.-The correspondent of the Courier of the Mines writes :-The miners here seem tu be in a very unsettled state, certainly thera" aro some working their old holes, but tha majority of them keep rushing'about. Thera -v was a ruBh last week to the ground at tha back of tho Bendigo Hotel, and they wera getting from four to five pennyweights to tha bucket, but, as I mentioned before, the grounof is extremely patchy. Another rush took: ?> place this day (Monday) at the baok ' of the Golden Age Hotel, in fact, thero ia I every indication of the lead taking that direc- tion, but if there is no rain the great cry will be forwntei, for, as it is, the creek ia very v shallow. There were two fine nuggets found a day or two since, ofsoventy-sixand seventy eight ounces. Trade is not so brisk, in fact there is a perfect lull at present. We are sndly in want of an efficient police force here. Ort Saturday uight the Hob Boy restaurant wa« broken open and £54 In money, some jewel- lery, clothes, &c;, were stolen. Tent roblone«" aie of eveiy day.occurrence. On Sunday, night lhere was a fracas-about thirty or fort* ' men had a general fight,- and some of thom did not come oif without broken heads; oae party was Btabbcd in the thigh, but not daa gerouly ; stone«, bottles, and sticks weio flying about in all directions, and it was vory for .túnate that no lives wore taken. SUPREME ÇOUBT.-The appeal in Equity ia the case of Ferrie i>. Williamson was appointed to be heard yesterday morning, before throe of their Honors the Judges, but the ¿leading counsel engaged not boing ready, the hearing waspostponed for a week. > CAUTION TO DIODEUS.-We woi d advise all ¡ parties, particularly in the present unsettled I ktate of the weather, to he careful about the use of charcoal in their tents, sleepiug r corns, and other confined apartments, as I \- there was nearly a fatal accident occurring from its use a morning recently at Epsom. As i nearly as wo could gather the facts, it op- ' peared that a party orinen «vho are encamped on M'Phail's ground at Epsom «vero, with the exception of one of their mates, who was loft behind, out enjoying themselves for tho even- ing, and on their return it was .found- that the mate who had boen left behind was quito \- insensible from tho effects of the fumes of tho charcoal nhiou ko had lighted in a bucket, with a vieiv of airing the tent before lio went to bed. Dr. Wall waB immediately aunt for, and having adminstered the usual resto- ratives, left the patient in a state of compa- rative convalescence.-Bendigo .1 dvertiser. BRIGHTON ELECTION.-On Wednesday night Mr. Wood held a meeting in the largo room uttached to tho Prince Albert Hotel, whioh, notwithstanding theunpropitious state of the weather, was quite crowded. Mr. Wisewould, thesolicitor, took the choir. Mr, Wood said he had hoped that Mr. Were would havo that night addressed the electors, as he had offere I him a full opportunity of doing so ; but ho had written a letter (whioh Mr. Wood read to the meeting) declining the invitation. How- ever, no doubt Mr. Were «vould, as usual.be ably represented by gentlemen whose attachment to tho cause of the candidate thcyespousid was so great as to lead thom to set at nought distance, bad roads, and bad weather. It wa3 singular, certainly, that these gentlemen should put themselves to so much trouble in coming to oppose him if, as was declared ou the hustings, ho had not a ghost of a chano 3. Mr. Wood then commented on the incon- sistency of Mr. Were's supporters, some of whom accused him of advocating liberal opinions merely because it was necessary to do so to win the favor of the electors j while another of them said that his opinions in favor of manhood suffrage and the abolition of all property qualification might go down. at Melbourne or on the gold-fields, but would find no countenance among the substantial freeholders of Brighton. He then declare I himself in favor of an immediafco reform of the Constitution, as, like Lord Dur- ham, he was one of those who saw with rogrot every hour that passed over the existence of recognised and unreformed abuses. Ho would support a system of education by which th'a moBt promising scholars from the comm.in schools should be selected for education at the giammar schools; while, again, the ¿liteot the grammar schools should bo selected to re- ceive an university education ; so that the son of the poorest man would have the same op- portunity of rising to distinction as t'n son of the very richest man, if he wer> possessed of greater abilities. After ad- verting to several other topics, Mr. Woi I sat down, amid great cheering. After t'l . candidate had answered several questions put to him by Mr. Were's supporters, chiefly on the subject of State aid, Mr. Toynboe mo vi 1 that he was by far the most fit and propar person to represent Brighton. The motton being Becondedby Mr. Thompson, an amend- ment in favor of Mr. Were was proposed by Mr. O'Neill, and seconded by Mr. Johnson. A discussion enBued, which lasted upwards oi two hours, but eventually the original reso- lution in favor of Mr. Wood was carried by a very large majority. After a vote of thanks to the 'chairman, the meeting broke up, at nearly half-past eleven. THE Joss - HOUSE ON EMERALD HILL. 3ielbo\tme Punch has addressed the following letter on this subject to John Chinaman : "1 am told that you havo erected a Joss House on Emerald Hill, and have installed therein a'gigantio and elaborately ilnishei idol,'-that you have expended a thousand pounds upon the temple, and doomed three hundred pairs of fowls to suffer poulritricide in honor of the opening day. The unthink- ing multitude will denounce you as an idolv ' tor, and visit you with the punishment of missionaries, as apagan. Punch, moro tole- rant, more discerning, more prompt to detect ' the subtleties of Chinese humor, exonerates you from the charge of paganism, and gives jcu credit for the perpetration of a stupin dous joke, the erection of a standing satire, the conception and expreasion of a magni- ficent piece of irony. Those obliquely set eyes of yours, John, have penetrated below tile surface of the characters of your European neighbors. You have discovered that the moBt Christian people in the world are tho , moBt idolatrous ; and you have determined t > ' assail our paganism with ridicule, and to build up a Jo3s-House and an idol to demon- strate the monstrous folly of which we aro guilty, and to hint that the worship of one 'wooden cod, gigantic in atature, and elabo- rately finiahed in point of detail, is preferabla to the Blavish reverence of a score of public monsters. Most observant of immigrant*, you have not paced our streets for nothing, John 1 In that strango sing-song dialect of yours you have said to your brother pig-tail * ' Behold ! what a multiplicity of gods thèse teardcd barbarians bow down to. That man's god is cent, per cent. ; that man adores his sacred and scented self; the next woralrpî nobblers ; the next deifies lust, cunning, or malignity; another dedicates hiB soul to si K hundred-and - forty - five-acre - sections ; tliit) man ia a priest, and offers up his daily life to intolerance and bigotry ; tint woman has taken the veil (of the finest Honiton lace), and is 'sealed' to fashion. 1 Blind barbarians that they are,' you go on to exclaim, 'looking down in ignorant pity upon us-disciples, some of Koong-foo-tseo, who taught us to purify our springs of actioa, and to do unto others as we would they should do unto us; and some of Fo, who enjoined us to amend our conduct, and prac- tice-virtue; and some of Taou, who incul- cated the subjugation of our passion, aud a contempt of wealth and worldly distinctions. Is it not better to believe in the sago Kooas foo-tsee, the philosophical Fo, and the stoical Taou, than in cent, per cent., nobblers, and land monopolies? Is not an image of the royal ascetic Budha a more respectablo object of veneration than the ugly gods which theäo Europeans worship ?" CARVING IN WOOD.—An elaborate specimen of wood-carving ia now on view at No. 11 Lonsdale-street west, executed by Mr. Peck. The material employed is Huon pine, which in color and texture closely resembles boxwood, and is more easily worked. Thi subject of the composition, which ia in alto relievo, is Christ and the four Evangelists, tho former a medallion portrait of the Savi mr, eurrounded with a frame-work of flowers, and the Evangelists are given at full lengtb. The general arrangement of the composition is very artistic and harmonious, and tim architectural and floral details incidentally introduced have been well chosen, the general design resembling that of a mediaeval pyx. In poult of execution, the head of Christ, the figure of the cherub beneath, and the drapj rics, display the skill of the artist to tho greatest advantage ; and those defects which appear in the anatomical treatment of his subject may be excused when we rememb ;r the nature of the material employed and tha absence of all models. Taking it as a whole, the work reflects great credit on ita executor, and we hope it will have the effect of bring- ing his artistic capabilities into public notioa, «nd of securing for him commissions in this branch of decorative art. "MELBOURNE PUNOII."-Thocurrent number contains two first-rate illustrations :-Tho one r< presents the " Sydney Chicken " just emer¿ ing from her shelf, not fully Hedged, but with all the confident self-possession, agility, uid aggressive action of an experienced rooster. The intrepid leap into existence is regard31 with amazement by a couple of fowls whom heads resemble those of Messrs. Ebden ¿ni O'ShanatBy, and with an envious anger by a huge Irish turkey. A fat capon on the left iband corner of the picture is suspiciously- ll'c j our chief magistrate; and among the poultry < in the back-ground are a couple of game cooks, | sharp in feature and aggressive in look, on- | gaged in a set-to. The second illustration t} ¡ whioh we have alluded, is a view of Melbouruo fiom Emerald Hill, by a Chinese artist, ia I which the Chinese rules of perspective anl I modes of treating a pictorial subject hive bau i faithfully adhered to. CRICKET - We are requested to direct at- tention to an advertisement from the Hono- rary Secretary of the Richmond Cricket Club, intimating that the annual meeting, for the election of office-bearers, &c.; will be held on Saturday evening at How's Royal Hotel, Punt road, Richmond. CHARGE OP BIOAMT.-John P. Ivess, Ser giant of Police at Steiglitz, was summoned at »bo City Court yesterday by Anne Maniana, foi bigamy. On the application of Mr. Rai I, , ?who appeared for tho defendant, the inv ¡jti cation «vas remanded till Monday. BhOKLESS DRIVING.-A correspondent ciúU (Le attention of the police authorities to fc'ij necessity of stationing a patrol upon Mu- nil tetween this city and St. Kilda, for tho p ir pcee of checking the furious driving whij'i now prevail« upon/that rond. I BOBBERT IN THE GREAT WESTERN H TEC \- Abraham Moss, an elderly man, well known to the police, was found guilty at .the City Police Court on Tuesday of stealing £23 liom the person of a German named Seimach, in the Great Western Hotel, in Queen-Btreet, on the 15th inst. The proBecutor.it appeared, was under thu influence of drink at the time of the robbery, and was in tho act of count- ing his roll of notes when the prisoner i Enatched them out . of his hand, and ran \ away. The act however was «vitnessed by an /orange-boy and another poison, «vho both distinctly swore to Moss as tho man whom they saw seize the notes and run away with them. The prisoner succeeded in escaping at the time, but was arrested on Monday by De- tective Hudson, from a description given of liia person. The prisoner was committed for trial. FURIOUS BIDING: AND ASSAULTING: THE POLICE.-Two men. named Holt and Williams, were charged at the City Ouurt yesterday .^itu fui ¡DUB riding, through the streets, and with violently assaulting two police con- stables who attempted their arrest, with a stook-«vhip and a heavy stick. The prisoners wero fined £5 each, or in default one month's hard labor. EMBEZZLEMENT.-At the City Court yester- day a man, named William Pitt, was charged with embezzlement. The prisoner, it appeared, had been in the employ of Mrs. Crossley, who is carrying on the business of 'A butcher ia Eourke- street, as clerk, and had been in the habit of receiving moneys on her behalf. Early in the present month, Mr. Muir was in- debted to Mrs. Crossley in a balance of £3 53. id., for tho payment of which amount the jir'soner had given a receipt to Mr. Muir, but had never made any return of having re- ceived such a sum. On being asked by Mrs, Crossley if ho had received the amount he at first denied but subsequently admitted hav- ing dono so. The prisoner pleaded guilty, und was sentenced to three months' impri- sonment, with hard labor. 