CHINESE OR NO CHINESE, THAT IS THE ! QUESTION... ~> OF late the Chinese prejudice has- again broken out in Victoria and seams to have lost none of its former bitterness. In the following communication to the Argus, however, it is brought before the public in quite a new light, by Mr. William Kellyi who views the whole matter in dispute through a more pleasing and common-sense medium :- . After twelve months' simmering, (says Mr. K.) the Chinese question again threatens to boil over, and this time-in culinary phraseology it looks as if the fat would be fairly in the fire, if one were to ' argue from the magnitude of the Mongolian irruption, and the fierce antagonistic clamour of our patriots and moral- ists. The prevention tax seems as a temporary damper, but the flame seems not only to have' gathered strength by repression, but to be absolutely " breaking out, in fresh places," suggestive of a capital ironical picture for our friend Punch of King Bomba en- deavouring to quench Vesuvius with a wet blanket, and the lava venting itself in new craters, to the great affright of his devoted subjects. Happily our brother colonists are alarmed without any just cause. Their own disordered'imaginations have merely conjured up a legion of ghosts, and they shiver and shake at the unreal phantoms of their own creation. I have no doubt, however, but that the mo nom nia will speedily yield to the cooling influences of inquiry and investigation, and that right and reason will dethrone-the insane prejudices which exist re- garding the Chinese family. That these prejudices take root in honest conviction I am fully satisfied, but there is such a thing as ,mis taken conviction, which we all know, is often blind,' and always obstinate ; nor is it to be wondered at in this instance, fed and fomented as it is with all sorts of gross scandal and ingenious misrepresentation. ' It is proclaimed " that they (the Chinese) are cruel to fero- city, vicious below the depths of depravity, cheats by profession, treacherous by instinct, and ugly to, a de- gree ; "' thore is no custom too abominable, no impu- imputation too fabulous to tax them with. But the strongest part of the matter is that the existence of all those attributes and appurte- nances is taken for granted ; there is no proof asked, no demonstration required,-it is a faithful re- production of the summary precedent of " giving a dog a bad name and immediately hanging him," reminding me of the olden system of trial for witchcraft,,where the accused hag was tied neck and heels, and thrown into a river ; if she happened to float, she was adjudged guilty, taken out and burned for a witch ; if she sank, she was pronounced innocent, but drowned. It is to be hoped, however, that those ancestral usages will not be resuscitated in the present dav, par- ticularly amongst a people who are ambitious of mak- ing a fresh start in the science of government, and of initiating new and patent systems of civilisation. We must not condemn the Celestials without a fair trial, lest in doing them an injustice we may do ourselves an injury-thus falling into the,blind error of the English farmers, who, once upon a time, carried on an unthinking exterminating crusade against the unconscious rooks until there was scarce material for a pie left on the entire island ; but bitter experience brought about sincere repentance, and the direct descendants of those sable martyrs are now the privileged pets and favourite companions of the ruthless ploughman. Let us then, I repeat, before placing the ban upon the suspected Chinese, have them properly arraigned, and deliberately tried, and should the anti-agitators make out their case, why, in God's name, let us keep them out,' vi H armit, by taxes and railway yokes -1/ teebean ; but if, as I believe, the calendar of accu- sations will fade before enquiry, and resolve itself into moonshine, it would, in my humble opinion, be a crying injustice and wilful stupidity to oppose any let or hindrance to their advent and . settlement. "Nature," wa are told, "abhors a vacuum;" and if I rnight be permitted to make a metaphorical use of a scientific axiom, I would venture to prophesy that she will assert that iaw with regard to this country with- out awaiting-the concoction of the pet projects of our fastidious immigrationists-in fact, it looks like a special ordinance of Providence, that the pent-up hordes of that Pagan empire should find a wide field for their energies in the illimitable regions of our vacant territory, and a light in our Christian temples, whereby they may emerge from the dark abyss of ig- norance and idolatry. It is objected " that if the Chinese are allowed free ingress, they will outnumber and enslave us. I scarce credited this objection as serious when I first saw it in print. I fancied it sounded hollow, as I read it over aloud. I scrutinised it closely, to assure myself that it was not "a wooden nutmeg"'before I com- menced grating it, ' but it proved a true bill. The wri- ter gravely stated his conviction " that we would be outnumbered and enslaved, &c;", and proceeded to enounce many grave statistical prophecies therefrom. Outnumber and enslave ! I thought over again. What manner of man con this soothsayer be, who seriously entertains such portentous apprehensions ? He must surely be some bush-born sheep tick'er, whose Anglo Saxon blood is deeply diluted-whose nature has undergone a sympathetic transmutation by constant feeding on mutton-some Australian Tytirus playing on his black pips\e " Sah t^/mine fai/i,", and imagining that he mid his half-dozen shepherds constitute the community. If a craven fear of numbers existed in British bosoms, the British dominions would 'still be confined to her sea-girt isle, and British patriots would never have re- velled, in' that glorious figure of speech about " the, never- setting sun." If Clive and Warren Hastings calculated according to Cocker, and were guided, by arithmetical rules, I should be curious to know what would have been the fate of our great Indian empire, and I believe that it will be admitted, that a stalwart sheik,bristling all over with deadly weapons, and brave and skilful in the use of them, is fully as dan- gerous an opponent as a petticoated Chinese, whose most familiar drill is in the use of the chopsticks. Yet a comparative handful of men subdued these sheiks and the other warlike tribes of the Indian peninsulas, conquered them on their own batttle-grounds, de throned their monarchs in their midst, alienated the lands of their fathers, carried off their treasure before their eyes, and made them swear fealty to a foreign potentate on their sacred altars, and before the grim gods of their idolatry. ' A small minority still holds them in subjection, while the markets and produce of that country constitute,one of the magical mainstays of British power and prosperity. Yet, In the teeth of such results, we are are called on to shiver and quake lest we should be outnumbered and enslaved hy a peaceful people, who have never evinced any bellicose propensities nor exhibited any ambition for territorial aggrandisement-a people who while counting their population by hundreds of mil- lions, succumbed to a few thousand soldiers and sailors, on their own dunghill, and bought off their subjuga- tion by concessions of free trade and ( consignments of Sycee silver. The poor fellows who venture to our shores certainly have little that I can see of the slave driver in their aspects.' There is no filibustering air about them, in my mind, to give rise to apprehensions of annexation and captivity. They come amongst us in a timid modest mein, with the consciousness stamped upon their countenances that they come on sufferance. They do not hang about street corners and labour depots in idle expectation, but trudge off, single file, to gold fields. They work there quietl and unobtru- sively, unless when pounced upon by some hungry digging-wolf, on the plea that they " are muddy- ing the water, although drinking below him on the stream. They uncomplainingly permit them- selves to be huddled into narrow folds, restricted from ordinary social intercourse, but compensated by a shred of civil liberty, which leaves them free to spend their earnings amongst storekeepers and tradesmen. They are content with a modest competence, and when they acquire it, they betray their wicked designs of supremacy by silently leaving the country. Bosh ! bosh ! ! bosh ! It is just as likely that we shall be out- numbered and enslaved by Dr. Embling's proteges, the llamas, as that we shall be thrashed into thraldom by the pigtails of the harmless Chinese. What, I beg leave to ask, is one of the stimulating causes, of Chinese emigration? Why it is absolutely their fear and detestation of thraldom. We send mis sionaries and propagandists amongst them, who in- doctrinate them with the spirit of freedom ; and being too weak to achieve it at home, they seek to enjoy it abroad. Yet we we have been instrumental in raising the standard of liberty amongst them, not only refuse to receive them as recruits, but spurn them as inferior beings. The simile may not, in lawyers' slang, be ex- actly on all fours, but it bears some remote analogy to the sport of slipping ferrets into a warren, and knock- ing the poor rabbits on the head as they scamper from their holes. Yet the very purblind patriots who join in the cruel pastime, descant in terms of inflated eloquence about the teeming resources of Australia. We have, quoth they, " varieties of soil and climate to produce tea, coffee, sugar, cotton, cinnamon, indigo, and grapes." So say I too, but those articles will not " grow sponta- neous," like the flowers and posies in the celebrated ". Groves of 'Blarney." They require a prodigious amount of culture and manipulation, and unless chat manipulation can be obtained on terms which only co- exist with over-abounding labour, I think I would be justified in quoting with reference to our tea and sugar prospects the communication of an Irish priest to his poor flock on the approach of Lent : " The Pope, in his care and benevolence has given you all leave to eat meat ; but God Almighty help you, my dear brethren, where are you to get it ? There is this difference, however, in the parallel, that the Irish had neither the hopes nor the means of obtaining the meat, whereas the Victorians have only to throw open their' gates to secure troops of Chinese labourers ;-yes, I re- peat, troops of labourers, for the culture of thoso plants, and the making of railways as well. It is a most mistaken idea to run away with, that Chinamen only leave home for the purpose of digging gold, and then only on the terms of returning. Long before gold was discovered, either in California or Australia, the Chinese commenced emigrating to the numerous islands in the Indian Archipelago and to the British settlements in' India ; some even finding their way to Sydney and Adelaide. I was in Cali- fornia when they first began crowding there, but few in the early days of digging thought of going to the gold- fields ; they preferred settling in San Francisco and the other cities, where they worked as labourers and mechanics ; some of the wealthier embarking in trade and business. And I well remember that some amongst the best restaurants in the younger days of San Fr»ncisco and Sacramento were kept by Chinese ; however, a similar spirit of narrow jealousy was' manifested towards them in that country then as there is, here now, which checked, I may say arrested, that wide deve- lopment of their genius and adaptability which I had afterwards an opportunity of witnessing with surprise I and pleasure in the Sandwich Islands. ' ' -There they were perfectly unrestricted, and accorded .the same full privileges with all other foreigners, und -the consequence was they quickly assumed a respect- able position in the social, commercial, and agricul- tural grades., They .kept shops and stores, hotels and restaurants, and attracted their fair share of Christian custom. There, was no trade or handicraft unrepre- sented by their artisans, and there was no work turned out of hand in more tradesmanlike style. In garden- ing and agriculture they were equal!»- zealous and successful, nor 'did they follow those pursuits in the fitful, desultory manner of a vagrant race, but with the steady industry of a thriving settling people, mixing and intermarrying, sur- rounded by their wives and families, and showing that they were neither inattentive nor unim- proved by the surrounding influences of civilization, nor inaccessible to the irradiation of divine truth. It is now some years since I regretfully left those emerald gems of the Pacific, and I have not heard any tidings of their being overrun -of the Kanakas being enslaved, or of a Tartar monarch having usurped the coral throne of my late brandy-loving acquaintance, King Kamehamcha, and of those little "molehills" so comparatively contiguous, and so impotent to resist invasion, have not been " crowded out or chawed up " by the Celestial locusts, for the life of me I am unable to discover any imminent danger impending over our leviathan " mountain" at the other end of the globe. There is much more to be said on this subject, and more objections to be dealt with : but as I feel I have already trespassed at too great length, I shall postpone the consideration to some other rainy day. 