OlUUINAlj .COlUUSSPOiS'riEN'JE To the Editor oj the Tamaninn Daily News. Siiti— 11>eg tbvotigli yonr.vnluable.journnl to mill tlio'iitlention.of tlie conatrudtbi-s of ilio Whtti'i' hei'e to on evil whioli could very soon bo remedied 1 frequently d-iive occasiou to puss from the 'Constitution frock to the -Frank- lin vV hurt, and to n portion of. tho nliovo which is 'only separated from tho latter by a channel of about 20 feet, if a drawbridge were jilaced there I could go over, at once, as it is I must walk a considerable distance round to reach the Franklin AVlmrf. \- As 1 consider this'is.ii griovahco to business- menM hope tlie matter niay receive iihinediato attention. 'I remain, Sir. ' 'Yout obedient servant, . .- n- - \- ' ' ' .80, Camphell-stree. - January 10, 1800. BAt.L,unAT, 8th- January, 185(l.-rBusiness matters, lis is-usuvl at this sensan, have beeit very quiet, and' tho land sides have been the principal -attraction ..for our moneyed men lim ing the week : several of your townsmen have also, heou iq) here investing in our inland metropolis.- The amount of 'the four days' solo is J?-JJ5(J. which augurs well for our .I'uturo progress, as nil tho lots sold are. within the township boundary, and many havo been "ngerl.v-purehiised by. old miners nnd liioclui1 nics who intend settling diwn nnd lmilding eomfortalib cottages, whence, if -necessary, tl»y ciin radiate,' dis from a centre, to all the new rushes. It is gratilyihg to observe the progress of: this . spirit of settlemnut, . and , the consequences will not liO'imfelt by your com- inunitv, ns it will tend tn -steady trade. The acco'rints' from 'our ugiiculturnl districts of Burruni beet nnd Uowling-.Forest are most ou-. enurnging. ' The freqiiopt aiid dlitihdaiit i'ains h ive induced a most luxuriant vogHntioh, and' -ex(Mrieneed'fn'rmereifrom::-tl!e:.n»otlier-eouiftry. ileelare tlint they, never snu- snpli crops there as are now tp.bo seen in those heigh horh'oods, mem' especially where 'the ground was tinder oiiltivntinn Inst year, ,'1'he Bamihbols-.ftnd Cnlac luid.iiettor. look, to their- hqirels. , Bifr; nimhest L'ikaliis now fioquontiy visited by nur holiday excursionists; it is aliout ten mil's I'ronrthis, and from the ; heantiful and varied sco i'ry nvound. and the int insio einiirhs wliieli rt hike will' always possess in hliis country, is well 'Worthy of - a visit. :A township litis .been formed on its ' banks;' of which an hotel is now the rmolous. The vigarie's nnd inconsistent deoisioa of 'our Stipendiary: Magistrate, Capti in i-Vig'nolles, linve.nt.lnst pi-QVolted the local press, to. speak hut and demand his dismissal. It appears that -a mahniimed Frdnois was bliargid with stealing a horse,; but which having ' died iu the Interval, ."Wis considered by tho magi- . strnte to lie equivident to n Pihulti ' rir'sn,', i'or iie- dismissed tlio ease; stating tluit: Francis might as .well have, been charged with "mur- -Iering a ghost" . -Hiscook's . Diggings promise t i he a gold-field ' iV'r tlie' .summer,''. .Slieplnir- liirig h-'omise's to 'he a knotty queBtion 'for tlie J.neul Courts.-— Cnrresjwndent oj Qtelong .i lrcrliscr. : Sou no i, of Ana's 1 Disbus3iou Cr.Ass.— Tlie Annual General Meeting of, tlib usgful class, wiis 'held hist evening nt the Instithtion,. nnd was numsroiisly'Htteiided. 'A report wns rend which oongrntiilated tlio membbro ron' the in- u'rensingly large; nttendnijeo, nnd the warm iiiterest wliich tlie debates' excited. ; A new eominittee .was appointed by slib'w of ' hands; and Mr. W. G. Bennington w-as elected ohair: iiiiin for the ensuing year, nnd -Mr. .Bobert Foi'sWr' viee'oliairmnn. "The :repoit will be printed, together with the rules of tlie olassi ind will . he shortly cireiilated. A vote of thanks wns iassed by noelamntiou to Mr. Tliomhs frny. Jim".',' tlie retiring elinirmnn, -(wlio 'is proceeding to Europe), in-«ckmw'e1g; mont of tli -i steudy support he has givou to the meetings of tho elass.- -Ibid. 