ATROCITIES IN CHINA, From Tate Chinese intelligence, we are placed iff possession of the fact, that the insurrection is virtually quelled, so far as the province of Canton- is concerned, and trade has revived under the influence of security. But we gather from the same source, that a most frightful system of barbarous- retaliation has been pursued towards the captured — - a system shocking that human nature shudders on perusing the recital, and can scarcely believe it to be founded on truth. And yet we have little' reason1 to doubt the fidelity of the following statement,, extracted from the columns of the Herald. By a report obtained! from; good authority it appears that over 70,000 men have been' publicly executed iii Canton since February or the Chinese new-year ; further enquiries on this4 point, are in the course of being made, and the total may turn out to be greater rather than1 less. The same authority states the number put to death at Shau'ki-ng-fu at 27,000, and about- 25,000 at the taking, of the fort at Blenheim Beach, and the subsequent captures among the villages thereabouts; Tn many- places, houses have been erected where suspected or proscribed4 persons may commit suicide, and thus save their posthumous4 reputations, and be buried by their families ; and hundreds- are said to- have; gone to these places where their' bodies would be identified, and put an end to themselves by hanging or" taking opium. Many women, probably those Who have lost all hopes of support or safety, have also destroyed themselves. Such things as these, show how sad is the state of the native" society, and how wide-spTead is the desolation, the insurrection- ha» caused in this province. Its results, as far as one can- judge, have been unmitigated evils to the people of all parties; On the 9th September one of the leaders, named Kam Sin,- was put to death by the lingering punishment,, having been" cut up in 108 pieces. There are three grades of this mode of" execution, the two- other grades, where the criminal is divided- into twenty-four' or thirty-six parts-, not being considered so disgraceful. This leader' headed the' bands which threatened the north of the city last autumn and Winter. More than 6001 of lesser note were executed the same day ; and oh one day last month over 700 were killed. There has been a festival of" seven days lately held, something like All Souls festival, for' the repose of the spirits of the officers and soldiers killed during the contest, so that their names may " leap the shades." Large contributions hav been given by high authorities, and most of the religious 'deremonieq have taken place near" the execution ground, where it is- doubtless supposed- that more ghosts' flit than elsewhere;- One of the' most affecting sights - With this matter is that of a hundred or more' ! along the street, waiting for' the executions, that flhly pounce upon and seize the yet palpitating - bodies;- hurry off with them to pits. Certainly, a Government that pan put its subjects to death in thiq manner can hardly" be called a weak one, any more than the insurrection which"- has involved su<ch' loss can be regarded as popular. Now,- however,- much it is to be Svishech ' for the sake of humanity, that some step should1 'be taken to, put a stop to these atrocities ; yet" it would seem almost impossible to exercise any" foreign interference to promote so laudable an object. Even if representations were made to the ruling power ot China that his a«ts had excited the- disgust of the whole civilised world,- the probability : is, such representations would produce an entirely' .opposite effect,, to that sought for, and extra- , oceans of blood would be shed, and- extra etuelties1 perpetrated upon the unfortunates whom the 'chances of war had! placed' in his hands; or,, .perhaps,, ot bis atrocious ministers.. Fo£ upon4' ; looking further into the historic record of these j brutal transactions it will be found that the lower .officers and gentry are the real pack of blbod-- ; hounds who' are so intent in hunting, down the prey. : It is time that such disgraces to human nature as ;the Emperor of China,, and King Bomba of Naplet-> were blotted out from the calendar of regal , state. Six- better than- Nine. — In the meridian- of his- reputation, - Hook was- incessantly, worried- by Albina, Countess of Buckings ham, with cards for " coffee at 9 o'clock;" but never- with an- i invitation for the more genial hour of 6, at which last-- , mentioned hour the dinner on- her ladyship's table was most ' i punctually served. It may be supposed he never accepted the 1 : invitation for- 9 o clock, and to avoid their- continuous - recur-- .rence for- the future, retar-ned an answer- to the last:—" Mr.- ; Hook presents his compliments to the Countess of Buckingham and has the honour to inform, her- ladyship that he makes -it an invariable rule to take his-coffee where he dines." i Extraordinary Friendship between- a Cock and a- Goat. - — A valued correspondent at Blackheat-h, Aghadowney; sends1 .: ns the following curious paragraph : — " I- can- trace no cause of- sympathies for a most extraordinary friendship that has J sprung up here between a cock and a goat; but. such -it- is — - wherever-'the goat goes the cock- goes, where ver-the goat-feeds® the cock- feeds; with the courage of its -kind, if- any. animaP approaches the goat; the cock immediately attacks him ;- and, inseuarablv. thev Dass the nisrht together, the coek -TonRtimr-fwai the goat's back.'.'- —Coleraine Chronicle- 