THE PATRIOT'S BRIDE. US CHARI.ES OAVAlf DDFPr; M.P. Oh ! give me back that royal dream My fancy wrought, ?When I have seen your sunny eyes Hrnnr moist with thought : And fondly hop'd dear Love, your heart from mine Its spell had caught ; And laid me down to dream that dream divine. But true, mcthought, Of how my life** long task would be, to make your'* blessed as it ought. To learn to love sweet Nature more For your sweet pake, . To watch with you -dear friend with you !— It's wonders break ; The sparkling Spring in that bright face lo sco It's mirror make — On Summer morns to hear the sweet birda sing By linn and lake; u And know your voice, your magic voice, conlu ?till a grander music wako 1 On some old Bhell-strcwn rock to sit In Autumn eyes, : Where grey Killiney cools the torrid air , Hot Autumn weaves : ^ , Or by that Holy Well in mountain lone, . . Where faith believes (Fata would I b'lieve) its secret, darling wish True lovo achieves. Yet oh! its Saint was not more pure than she to whom my fond heart cleaves. To seo tho dank mid-winter night ; Pass like a noon. Sultry with thonght from minds that tcomed, - ? , And glowed like June; Whereto wonld pass in sculp'd and pictured train Art's magic boon ; ' And Music thrill with man; a haughty strain, And dear old tune. Till hearts grew sad to hear the destinod hoar to part . 1 had come eo soon. To wake the old weird world that sleeps In Irish lore ; The strains sweet foreign Spenset Bung By Mulla's snore ; Dear Curran's airy thoughts, like purple birds That shine and soar ; Tone's fiery hopes, and all the deathless vows - ' ? . '- . ?? . That Grattan swore ; . . The songs that once our own dear Davis sung— ah me I to iing no more. To search, with mother love the gifts . Our land can boast, Soft Erna's isles, Neagh's wooded slopes, Clare's iron coast ; Kildare, whose legends grey our bosoms stir \- - , .. ? With Tay and ghost ; Grey Mourne, green Antrim, purple Glenmalur— : Lcne's fairy host; ' With raids to many a foreign land to learn to love dear Ireland most. And all those proud old victor-fields We thrill to name ; 'Whose mem'ries are the stars that light Long nightB of ihame; The Cairn, the Dun, the Rath, the Tower, the Keep, : . That still proclaim In chronicles of clay and stone, how true, how deep ? Was Erie's fame. Oh! we shall see them all, with her, that dear, dear friend we two have lov*d the same. Yet ah 1 how truer, tend'rer still . , Methought did seem That sceno of tranquil joy, that happy home, By Dodder's stream ; 'lie morning smile that grew a fixed star .With love-lit beam, The ringing laugh, locked bands, and all the far . And shining Btream . Of daily love, that raado our daily life diviner than a dream. . , , For still to me,- dear friend, dear love. Or both — dear wife, Your image comes with serious thoughts But tender, rife ; ? No idle plaything to caress or chide In sport or strife ; But my best chosen friend, companion, guide, To walk through life, Link'd hand in hand, two equah loving friends, true husband and true wife. EaWidi of Inland, ty S. Bayet. 