MABAME BISHOP« BENEFIT. Never since the opening of the Montezuma has it been filled with so numerous an audience as assembled on the occasion of Madame Anna Bishop's benefit on Thursday night. "Cong Before the curtain rose every available peat was occnpiiia.in every $artjpf; the house ; Sw» wpy*?&. SJ*» "^WiWsbini «J wn^^redraioB ¿f au^oyeribwinp \- UlJäogiiBh on Ballarat.' a ? - -, 3?<>«ieak in character-wllh the name-of ma farce, theafierpîece came first; the entertain- ment opening with the amusing comedietta of the "Irish Lion," in which Mr Murray managed to keep the house roaring with laughter; a TOOSt crael thing bj ihe. way, eeehig that the crbwâea house was suffira¡¡mflyjint without the Hoi-achiiigexeröorimtp«^^apon the audience ?"bytheiiresisuble drollery of that capital ga. niiu, supplemented by the dem foine of Shear- croft, and the other well rehearsed expressioiig of amnhation of the origmalitíes of the Considerable delay occurred after the, farce . and the overtare^were tended before the curtain rose for the opening scene in the Opera, and after patien^wairing awhile, the usásl mani festations of impatience drew Mr Hydes upon the stage, That gentleman made a good ha i mored appeal to the '-forbearance of the au dience,', and /.succeeded, in queuing ell further excitement. \Beuini'« 'Opera " La r^nnambnîa,^» was chosen by Madame Bishop for her benefit, ead I was announced to be performed in English; the mir beneficiare, however, was the only one of thetfwo principal peflbr&ere; whb:*rch211ed I their promise to the ear s M. lag! ai se, her talented coadjutor adhering tee the original * Hanan of the Opera. The absence here of the rneáns Necessary to place the magnificent work of Bellmi upon the stage in a manner adequately »; represent its beauties, derived. Madame Billop of the power-;to present before her pattotts, and them of the pleasure of receiving anything -like a perfect interpretation of the exceeduigly and meritedly popular opera in -question. "How ever, all that was at the disposal of the pro prietors, was employed to-give the public as effective a representation as possible ; and for this ourtthanks are daë^^e^enterprise of the proprietary," and to the eO the whole company. , L The whole' interest of,the opéra centres ia the loves of ' Amenta - "(Madame Bishop), an orphan, and'- Elvina (M. . Laglaise) who aré enamoured of "'each otho:; and of Lisa (Mrs- Hydes) a young widow in tove with-fi/pino, but «önghl^by Jálesses (.Vr Hydes) who is anxious to secure himself in her good graces. Terza (Mrs. Webster) chaperons the beautiful orphan and blesses her iu her prospective nuptials with her af fianced husband Elvina ; While JKKJ turns the cold shoulder upon her assiduous admirer, end plots to subvert Amenta io the good'tipinion and affection ol Elttino. 1 Liza's hopi's; bid fair to 6e realised when Amenta, walking in her sleep, wanders into the .haunted chamber oc cupied by the hewly arrived Rodolpho (Mr Walsh), who, believing her to be the ghost, Sys from the chamber, into which-tfae sche ming Liza introduces Elvina and the neigh bors . to witness the seeming perfidy of the - false Amenta, who . has lain, 'her self ou the .bed provided for Rodolpho. b^menia awakes, and Elm'no unñ all the spectators shun ber;, she is '-disconso late, and prays her lover to .believe her true, which he refuses until in the presence of all on a subsequent occasion, she is seen coming forth in her sleep to cross the null stream and come down amongst them; and, etfll in her somnambulistic state, to pray heaven to certify her innocency, and return :ítraH to her anns. Then comes the denouèment^in which Elvina acknowledges, her constancy and truth, receives her to his bosom, and. she war bles forth her happiness in the air "What joy BOW for Amina," Madame Bishop was never in better voice, and her rendering of the several parts of her long and difficult role demonstrated her capacity as-an actress, as well as her subtu-b vocal en dowments. " The most enthusiastic applause greeted her splendid delivery of the nitoy choice morceaux which gem -tins opera wiüi such transcendent beauty. ; -" . r- ; ' At the close of the second act* she was called before the curtain .; and at the close of thé per formance the most tremendous cheering again brought her forth, when the house rose en masse, and from the boxes bouquets were showered upon the stage in expression of the merits and high attainments of the popular and gifted ám tatrice. * M. Laglaise if possible excelled his previous efforts; addie the display of his exquisitely pure intonation, and as exquisitely refined mo dulation of voice, established his claim to be classed with the very first of vocal artistes. We must not omit to note the excellent scenic arrangements displayed when the curtain rose for the opening act of the operaría- which Mr Watts had evidently exercised.iopngderable talent and1 ingenuity. If the irater and the mill wheel did not, in their flow and revolution, completely-deceive the eye, they were, suffi ciently illusory to lend a chorm of reaíitr -tothe scene while the bridge . heypnd tije mill, and the mountains in the distance, were as like to natural landscape ' as we could desire to gaze upon. .. ...... .. After the retirement of Madame Bishop and Mr Laglaise from before the curtain) Mr Hydes appeared, .and rn a humorous address expressed, on the part of Madam Bishop, and the proprie tors, their thanks for the approbation and sup port so liberally bestowed upon their .efforts to produce on Ballarat an ^ecüve operatic repre sentation. He knew the public would be in dulgent enough to overlook the defects insepar able from the circumstances in which the opera was brought out ; and on the part of the raa |- nagement he would assure them that no exer tion would be. spared to secure at attunes the best talent the colony could supply.- - < r 