SKETCHES IN SYDNEY. No. 12. "THEATRES." I once met at a quiet old inn — called (rather poetically) "The Golden Eagle and Wren" — in an out-of-the-way village in tho south of England, a round- faced, red-nosed, low-sized, stoutish, good- natured Welshman, who assured me with every appearance of sincerity in characteristic national accents — by the way, we were doing the proper thing, taking a little cherry-brandy hot — that "the first earthly peatitood was sleep; the second, a successful speculation; the third, in working hard all day so as to be in disbosition to enjoy one's prandy and water 'ot, at night; the fourth, in lying in an arm-chair, — having nothing whatever to do but trying to devise something." I was a few minutes ago in this fourth state of earthly beatification; and I must candidly confess that there is some truth in the Welshman's philosophy. The day-dream — no — the evening wide-awake dream — I must have enjoyed to the fullest intent for a full hour; for mine host's bell rung for tea before I could come to anything like "a conclusive conclusion," to use old CORBALLY O'FLANAGAN'S expression, as to how I should spend my evening. At length the ghost of my promise to write a letter for this week's FREEMAN rose up before my mind. "What a stupid I am," "No time to be lost," "Hate postponements," "idle rascal that I am," were a few of interjectional phrases which I gave muttered expression to during a five minites fool's soliloquy in which I indulged; at length the Yankee "Go-a- head" and the cockney "Go it Sarsfield" came to my recollection. Up I started — down I sat — opened my desk— got paper, pen, and the black liquid — the blood of our intellectual age — and paused for a moment to think about my letter in fieri, as the schoolmen would say. "I will give them" I said to myself— meaning my valued and of course intelligent readers — "a true history of my abstraction, which I am sure will dispose them to look with kindly eye on the faults of my present hurried contribution." * * * * And now a few paragraphs about the metro- politan "Theatres" of New South Wales. I will not find fault with the architecture of the Royal Victoria, for it was erected at a time when "Advance Australia" was rather a devout wish or poetic sentiment, than an expression of high hope. But why in the great era of Australia's history, when her name became associated all the world over with gold and wealth — when poets were dreaming of her future — philosophers meditating on her destiny — merchant princes doing homage to her treasures — why, I would ask, at such a time was such a collossal monument of ugliness as the "Prince of Wales Theatre" erected? Was there not genius enough in Sydney to devise something more suiting the time and the occasion? Was there no critic to raise objections against that expen- sive outrage on good taste? I refer now to its ex- ternal appearance. The interior does not provoke any very angry criticism. I hear there is a new theatre to spring up on the ruins of an old one in York-street. It is much to be desired that it will be an ornament to the city as well as a place of healthy relaxation. And now a word or two on the Royal Victoria. Is there a "Dress Circle" at that royal house? If there is, why are not those who are wont to occupy it, in full evening costume? The Manage- ment cannot remedy this, it may be said; if people will come shabbily dressed what can a poor Manager do? Undoubtedly the Manager is not so much to blame as the people who will not dress properly. No one has a right to go to the first place in any house of public amusement, who has not the means or the inclination of appearing as he ought to appear. The Manager could and should, however, do something to correct such a fault — he should exclude, at least, the remarkably unseemly — he should exert himself to allure a fashionable "Dress Circle" — and in the end he would find his exer- tions not all expended in vain — profit and honor would crown them. Every one anxious to see Sydney go-a-head in the right direction, should hail every effort made to promote refinement and good taste. This is my firm opinion — the opinion of a downright and upright republican. It is not because I like aristocrats, or lords, or pompous displays that I have made these reflections; no — but because I believe nothing contributes more to the civilization of a young country than a rigid adoption of the approved good manners of old ones. I hope, therefore, that in future there will be some semblance of a "Dress Circle" at the Royal Victoria. I must draw my remarks to a close. No — not just yet — I cannot "cry halt" before giving the public the benefit of an excitable Frenchman's most enthusiastic exclamations on hearing Mr. STARK'S delivery of the passage of King Lear, in which the ill-used father pours out his burning curses on his daughter Goneril. "Ah!" said my little French friend, in his pretty French-English, "that is goot — 'tis grande — sublime — magnifique — very goot — pretty goot — tidy!" Surely this criticism must be balm of Gilead to Mr. STARK'S wounded pride — if any critic has wounded him in such a sensitive part. More anon on this matter. SARSFIELD O'SULLIVAN. 