SUMMARY FOR ENGLAND, BY THE HELLESPONT. POLITICAL. The Acting Goveiixoh. — Major-General Macarthur seems to be a very different man from his predecessor. Sir Charles Ilothnm meddled witli everything, and accomplished nothing. IIo was always ' putting his foot in it,' and was, consequently never out o~f hot water. The reaction in his favor created by his sudden death has subsided, and the old opinion about him in spite of all thatDr.Cairns andDr. Milton (two local eeleb luies; ma to whitewash him. Major General Macartlnir pursues a different policy ; or, rather, ho is endowed with a different fuculty, — that of quiosceneo, — which will enable him to occupy the position'of ' dignified neutrality' with success. As yet, tho only qualities he has shown aro of a negative character. Ilis existence amongst us is scarcely known. He lias held ono levee, which was very poorly attended. lie has also dined with tho amateur artillerymen at the Criterion Hotel ; and he has opened tho public library. These are, as far as wo can remember, the only public acts he has performed sinco his accession. His'iippearance on the opening of tho Library was not in his favpr. He ap peared the most insignificant man, ? both in mind and body, of the whole assembly. One can understand, from this specimen of a 'senior military officer' how the British army got into disgrace aud disaster at Scbastopol. But His Excellency will, wo venture to predict, bo tho most popular Governor wo have yet had. Tho fact of his being a native, and con nected with the wool-interest, is in liis favor. But, what is of more consequence, it is said that he intends tp spend the whole of his princely salary in balls and banquets ! . He will be as popular and poworful as Mr John Thomas Smith, our mayor in pcrpctuo. He is old-fashioned enough to understand tho true nature -of colonial loynlty. Louis Napoleon corrupted the French army with champagne and sausages ; and for want of a dozen or two of champagne at his first ball, Sir Charles Hothani alienated the sympathies of the. wliolo body of colonists. His successor will profit by his sad fate ; and, under tho champagne regime, which is about to bo inaugurated, loyalty will soon rise to fever heat. Npt that the champagne reform is the only alteration anticipated. Tho administrative reform movement has extended to this distant part of the world ; and we have, nt last, an instance of ' the right man in the right place.' Mr. ex-Commissioner Wright, tho deposed King of tho Gold Fields, who used to Czarize it over tho diggers, and who hns been latterly provided with an accommodation billot in the Colonial Secretary's Oliico, is to bo I-Iis Excellency's head butler, alias, purveyor-extraordinary for the loyal stomachs of the future guests at Toorak ! N.B. — Consignments of cliampagnc to this colony will be a safe speculation for tho next twelve months. The Government. — Our English readers must understand that tho Governor and Government aro now distinct things here, sinco the introduction of our so called ' responsible Government,' or, as it may more aptly, bo termed, Irresponsible responsibility! Mr Ilaines and his clique of rcsponsibles retain office pro tem. As wo have an acting Governor, sowe have an act ing Government. Everything herein the political world is in a state of chaos ; and no improvement can bo ex pected or will oven be attempted till the meeting of our new Parliament. Meanwhile, tho State reeks with corruption of tho most shameless kind. Tho energies of the Government nre now concentrated upon securing their own return, aud that of their supporters, at tho next election ; _ and they aro employing their official position to cflect this object. Tho squatters have boon bribed by limiting their assessment to one-half of what iu admitted ' to bo their fair share of tho public burdens. The muni cipalities, which hero bear a marvellous resemblance to tho small boroughs in England, have favors of all kinels showered upon them, with no other object, apparently, than to transform them into ' Government boroughs.' But, notwithstanding the enormous powers of seduction they thus possess, the present ministry have remarkably littlo chance of gaining tho confidence of tho country. Both here, nnd in N. S. Wales, old fogyism is virtually defunct ; and tho ' Now Generation' must inevitably take the lo sad. The New Constitution. — Tho legal objections to the validity of this measure, which were raised in Par liament by Mr Robert Lowe, have been also raised hero. The lawyers have been discussing it very eagerly, but it has not excitcd much attention in the legislature, — partly because our legislators are unwilling oven to suppose that their bantling is imperfect, and partly, also, because they are, as a body, too ignorant nnd timid to venture upon the discussion of constitutional questions, or to as sert their constitutional rights as free and independent men. With one or two exceptions, a more miserable set of crawling serfs could not bo picked off the streets. On this particular question they will bo satisfied witli the dictum of tho Attorney General, who has been requested to give his written opinion on tho subject. Our own views on it will be found in nn article copied from our Thursday's issuo into another column. The Legislature. — It waa anticipated that the principal business of the session would bo the passing of the Electoral Act; and that, thereafter, it would quietly give up the ghost. But it is vary tenacious of existence, and struggles against its fate. The squatter istic element is still predominant : and it would fain have a few squatteristic jobs pushed through, before it shuts shop. It is true to its old faith of voting all the jiublic money, and paying few or none of tlie public burdens. Tliey refused to increase their own assess ment, and, in perfect consistency with their avowed policy, they rofused to reduce tho taxation imposed upon the miners to a rate proportionate to their own. Gold mining is fast becoming here, what it sooner or later becomes in all gold countries, au unprofitable occupation, while squatting is still tho most lucrative speculation which the colony presents. But, in the eyes of tho squatters, the diggers aro still the mutton eating, tax paying animals, they were always consider ed. It is in this spirit that legislation is still conducted. Monopoly is tho one idea ; and no better proof of this could be furnished than tho fact that, after throwing out a measuro for partially breaking up the exclusivc ness of tho legal profession, they have yesterday given leave to bring in a Bill to establish an Inn of Court — in other words, to establish a legal priesthood in Victoria ! We are, verily, just at present, going backward rather than forward ! Colonial ' Caiiinet ' Making. — Tho first attempt to form a responsible Ministry is turning out as unsuc cessful in New South Wales as it proved in Victftria. Mr Donaldson, it appears, is able to make about as much of liis job at Cabinet making as Mr Nicholson made. All unused as these gentlemen aro to that very critical business, they found themselves, when unex pectedly summoned to undertako the task of construct ing an Administration, in tho predicament of the brick making Israelites .when Pharaoh withdrew tho cus tomary allowance of straw : — the materials were not forthcoming. There is a kind of parallelism between those two cases. Mr Donaldson holds much about the samo position in relation to political parties in Sydney that Mr Nicholson, holds in this colony. Ho belongs to the old sclibol of colonists, but is inclined towards a moderate liberalism. He is not tho leader of any defined party in tho Council. He has neither, on the one hand, voted with the Government on all occasions, nor, on tho other, been nn avowed supporter of tho popu lar cause. He is in sufficient favor with the old colonists to obtain their permission to fill the post of ad interim Premier, until the now Parliament shall have got fairly into working ' order, and their party is suffi ciently consolidated to undertako the task of governing the country (thenceforward and for ever, ns they fondly hope and believe ;) but they will not accept him as their leader, nnd'neither will the popular party. Ilenco, when Mr Donaldson looks about him for colleagues, ho finds himself in tho same fix that Mr Nicholson did. Offices go a-begging. Men cannot be induced to accept snug posts of twelve or fifteen hum? red a year. Every body believes that Mr Donaldson would make a very respectable Premier for a few months, until the right man steps into the right place ; hut nobody deems it worth while to follow his leadership, or to hazard political reputation and prospects by joining a Cabinet that must fall to pieces the moment tho new order of things is fairly inaugurated. Tho manner in which those first attempts at responsible Cabinet making have broken down will very likely be adduced as a decisive proof of the incapacity of the colonists for self-government. No in ference, however, could be more unjust. Tho fact that a number of men thoroughly qualified to form a Minis try did not present themselves at once, in tho present transitional stage of politics, and when all parties are in a state of fusion (or confusion), determines nothing either for or against the question of the colony's capa city for self- government. That fact was wholly duo to exceptional and temporary causes, and the main ques tion still remains to be tried when all tlie conditions of it shall have fairly arisen. The ono inevitable condi tion of the course of political progress on which those colonies are just catering is, that real ability alone must govern. To that conclusion it will come at last, and the sooner the better. Old Fogyism is trying by a scric3 of exhaustive experiments to establish the reverse of this proposition ; but it will be all in vain. Thore is no resisting tho coursu of destiny. By a_law as certain in its operation as that which guides the planets in their courses it is docrccd that intellectual force shall gravi tate towards power amongst mankind. The rcsultless efforts that are now being made to crude that law will only have tho effect .of vindicating it the more signally and openly at last. llad intellectual ablility been called to the helm of affairs in the first instance, it might possibly have also failed from tho unfortunate concurrence of circumstances; and therefore it is all the better for the future interests of the colony, that every factitious influence should have had the opportunity of testing and exposing its utter wortlilessuess before the one only genuine iii ilucnee had been called into operation. AVhcn wo aro compelled perforce to call intellectual ability into our councils wo shall be the better prepared to appreciate and to acknowledge its value. For our own part, we hold firmly to the great principle that every civilised freo community (and especially every British commu nity) has within itself all the materials requisite for its own good government. Tho destiny of an individual can never transcend liis abilities ; so neither can that of a nation. As water always rises to its own level, so does tho intellectual forco of a people rise to the level of their political requirements. Foreign aid is not necessary, cxccpt for slaves or barbarians. Given tho State; tho rulers can always be found in iC Holding this principle, then, wo liavo not the slightest doubt that, notwithstanding tho failures at Colonial Cabinet-making we have witnessod, the colonies will find in themselves at tho proper time tlie uceessary amouut of administrative talent and governing ability. 