Gash Payments. Extract from the Life of the late Samuel Bud' get, an eminent Bristol merchant, 1854 ,? by William Arthur, A.M. The Rev. B. Carvosso, whx- knew him, and saw clearly the originality and worth of his character, has furnished me with many valuable glimpses of his life, both in ward and outward. On the point now on hand he says.- — While he would so readily give away thousands of gold and silver out of the sale room and country house, in business he was rigid about pence and days. A man in small business, his neighbour, had dealt with him contrary to rule; he ordered flour at the end of the twenty-eight days — the period of credit — but did not bring the amount of the former orders. The flour was in the waggon, the carter on the way with it. The mistake was discovered; a messenger was dispatched with orders to give the poor man one sack of flour, bring back tiie rest, and henceforth cease to do business with him. To maintain a small business principle he would readily submit to an astonishing pecuniary loss. Had his poor neighbour gone to him and told him he was in difficulties, doubtless he would have found a ready friend. But instead of taking that honest course, he tries by a trick to obtain goods. That must be stop ped, and is stopped at once; yet stopped in a way which shows that the fear of the lit tle pecuniary loss which might be involved in this case was not the motive. To him none of his business principles -were small, nor were they to any who had learned from him their real bearing on the course of trade. Respecting a cash commerce in stead of a credit commerce, his views were large and his convictions deep. He saw many a family wrecked under his eye, who had been tempted by credit into a trade to which their means were inadequate. He saw men suddenly reduced from ease to em barrassment just by a few return bills. They bad industry, tact, and a growing connection; yet because a few large cus tomers have deceived them, their lawful profit of years is swept away. He saw, when one such house fell, a whole circle of families shattered by the stroke; another circle of families, linked with the former, shattered too; then another circle of families and another, which had known honour, dashed down to shame, till die whole coun try was startled with the noise of ruin. Witnessing scenes like this, uo wonder that he wrote it on his heart that the system of credit yras a System of curses. No wonder that ia every establishment erected on a foundation of cash payments, he saw a con quest from chaos, and a step towards pub lic repose; that in every facility to incur debts he saw a decoy and a pitfall; that his ambition to set an example of success on a 6ystem of cash payments was strong, that he viewed it as a deed of right ser viceable patriotism — a thankless but most substantial offering to mankiud. The modern history of Europe, apart from all other branches of experience, abun dantly testifies to the value of Mr Badgett's favourite principle. All nations have not been so reckless as our own and our Ame rican cousins; and well for them in the days of their trial that they have not. An able writer on commerce states: — 'If we begin with Holland, we find tbat bargains in that country were, in its better days, almost always made for cash, or for so short a date as six weeks or two months. Pro fits were small in their ratio, but the quick ness of return made them eventually large. Failures were rare, even in so distressing an era as the occupation of their country by the French, which began in 1795, and involved from the outset a stoppage of ma ritime intercourse with all their possessions in India and America. The consequence of this stoppage was a decay of trade, a suspension of various undertakings, a scar city of work, a miserable dulness in the sale of goods — all leading, in the first instance, to diminished income, and eventually to encroachment on capital. But amidst this distress the failures were surprisingly few, fewer indeed than occur in Britain in any ordinary season. Another example, equally replete with instruction, was the state of France after the double invasion of 1814 and 1815. There prevailed at that time a general discouragement among the upper ranks, and a great deal of wretchedness among the lower, trade being at a stand, and stocks of goods lying unsold in shops or warehouses for years; still bankruptcy was exceedingly rare. All this shows what a satisfactory prospect we may anticipate when we adopt the plan of transacting the greater part of oar business for ready mo ney.' When we contrast these instances of comparative security, amid frightful na tional convulsions, with what we have all seen of the panic times which overtake us every now and then in the midst of national tranquillity, it is enough to drive every man who hates whatever breeds wretchedness to regard the debtor and creditor system with downright animosity. Were we to be invaded, were we to have a revolution, were anjr such disaster to befal our nation as has befallen others, who can contemplate the ruin which would accrue in every town throughout the country? One of your great men of the city — one who figured in some of the most famous ot its financial feats, who lived and died worth his thousands and tens of thousands, was at the fireside of a friend when a cheerful lit tie girl was bidding '« good night.' ' Ah !' exclaimed the man of stores and cares, 'she has got no return bills to think upon.' He did not expect to go to bed so blithely; there was a load upon his heart — return bills, to be sure! And of those welldress ed, well-looking, intelligent, energetic men, who turn towards all the metropolitan ter mini between four and five o'clock every afternoon; in hot haste from the city, not a few are carrying upon their hearts that same dull load— return bills. Many; when they come home, instead of enjoying their leisure hour, are smarting under the harass of return bills: many a one, when he asks his daughter to play and sing, is only seek ing relief from the necessity of talking, that he may muse at leisure on his return bills. Many a one who goes out to spend the eve ning, wishes the party was at Nova Zembla, for his head is pestered with return bills. Many a one, when a friend calls to spend an hour, wishes he was at the antipodes, for he has enough to think about with his return bills. Many a one who dances be cause he has promised to be at the ball, seems at every step to awake a rustling of return bills. Many a man who has his eye seemingly upon a book, is studying the un loveable literature of return bills. Many a one who is wont to go to the week eve ning service, and there to find an hour of spiritual quiet amidst a week of worldly din, can hardly bring himself to go, his thoughts are so harassed by those return bills. Many a man who is in his pew on Sunday, hears neither prayer, nor hymn, nor sermon, his lone mind is chased round dingy counting houses haunted by return bills. Of old times, ghosts, fairies, brown ies, witches, and such tribulations were fa miliar to all men in their struggles. These have disappeared, but our counting-houses have a new race of revenants — bills which were seen out of the world and were count ed as dead, suddenly reappear, and must be laid before there can be peace. Not a day passes over us but these modern gob lins strike a chill to some hearts, sour tem pers, spoil appetites, render husbands un willing to tell all at home; fathers pensive as their children laugh, masters irritable; make the peevish scold, the wicked swear, and the good man lift up Ids heart to God with (the prayer that men pray in time of trouble. What a leak is at sea, what a mine is under a fort, what a heart disease is to the frame, that is the system of bill bubble in trade. And yet sensible, solvent men, with homes to cheer and a country to serve, will go on encouraging and practising that preposterous torment. One has seen children build up a littte fabric of card board, and call it a house, and keep it up as long as they could, bat down it came, and they did not take it to heart. But it is quite another sight to see men, not children, build up a structure of paper, and call it ' a house;' not a plaything house, but a serious house for people to buy and sell in, and to trust to for a shelter from the tem pests of misfortune; to see them rear a whole row of these paper '* houses,' build ing one on the end of another, so that if one fall all fall, and seriously persuading them selves and their wives and children that these make-believe 6heds are houses to spend their lives in. It is a quaint, half-lunatic exhibition; but it mingles the sad with the comical, when some jolt capsizes one of the paper piles, and down rustles the whole row; while the builders, unlike the child ren, who counted on the tumbling of their structure, take it mightily to heart. John Hull and Jonathan between them have a very mischievous propensity to set up these paper 'houses,' and delude people into trusting them. They have over and over again seen what a shocking sort of game it is, and how misery and wretchedness c»ine out of it; but all in vain, they go on, and are likely to do so, in spite of any little sor row we may utter on the subject. Which -f the two is worse it is hard to say, tiuragot John Iay6 great blame on Jonathan, anh ;ays he builds his houses far higher, putting )n six or even nine stories, which John thinks quite too much. But it is no busi ness of ours to arbitrate between them; they are both foolish, and mischievous — which is the more bo is little matter. Bat they had better, both of them, take warning ia time, and cease to play at hazard, laying the happiness of families and the equanimity af nations as the stake. The new mer chants who rose so rapidly, and to their neighbours so unaccountably, at Kingswood Hill, were never haunted with return bills.. They were never travelling in the dark, liable suddenly to meet an apparition that would bring them to a stand- They al ways knew where they were and whither they were jroing; they had not looked upon a hundred pounds as paid when it turned out that they had it to pay. They had not to sacrifice the profits made by fifty honest men to co7er the loss made by one rogue; they had not to look to fifty sensible men to pay a loss occasioned l-j one fooL They had not to ponder which were safe bills and which were risky ones — they had no bills- - at all. They had not to study which were good debts and which bad — they had no debts at all. Vast as their transactions were, a petty loss of forty or fifty pounds - was quite an event, a crisis which set the whole staff in motion, as if their honour was tarnished. It is one distinctive beauty of the credit system that honest men have to pay for the articles bought by rogues, and wise men for the articles bought by fools. The merchant, of course, must make a pro fit on the whole, and he has no alternative but to charge John and Thomas for the coat which Horatio bought and did not pay for. I confess it seems to me that John and Thomas had better not be taxed thus. If Horatio needs a coat provided by other people, he had better say so, and come by it honestly, rather than steal a piece by aid of the merchant from one neighbour and another, and so make up a fine garment at their expense. John and Thomas are very much wronged, and I defy the merchant to say he is not the accomplice of Horatio in defrauding them. The advantage of a trade based on cash instead of on credit to the comfort and mo rality of the nation is incalculable. Credit does occasionally enable a man of energy to take a position he could not otherwise have taken ; but for one to whom it proves a substantial benefit, it allures thousands to uninterrupted trouble, and a whole spawn of unfair practices owe their existence to it alone. The credit system ought to be explo ded. Men ought to be trained to place them selves in accord with their circumstances, to overcome difficulties, not by artifice, but by labour. Families ought not to be ex posed to live in uncertainty as to whether the bread they eat is their own. The ho nest and the apt should not be mulcted to the amount of the frauds and waste of those who reject principle or lack sense. The commerce of the nation ought not to rest on a hollow foundation, liable at every press ure to collapse. It was one of Mr Bud gett's leading desires that the example might induce many to place their trade on a sound footing, and thus the national happiness would be advanced. This was his work of patriotism, and a more valuable service he could not have dene the State; much bet ter than if he had been a great speaker at corporation meetings, and a great man among the legislators of his own circle. A more conclusive proof that success is posr sible on a system virtually of cash payments could not be afforded than that found in his own case. You may talk of impossi bility as you please, but no impossibility can confront you which did not confront them. The thing has been done — there- fore it can be done. 