MEETING OF MINERS AT THE VICTORIA HOTEL. On Monday evening according to advertisement, a meeting was held at the Victoria, though owing to the objects of the gathering not having been given as much publicity to as should have been, the attendance was very limited. Some little delay occurred in choosing a chairman, Dr. Davis, who was first called upon to fill, that position, being suddenly called out professionally. Mr. Robinson was next elected and very effi- ciently performed his duties. He called upon Mr. W. H. Williams of Campbell's Creek to in- troduce the meeting, the object for which it was convened. Mr. Williams came forward and said there was no necessity that he should apologise for bringing forward anything calculated to benefit the district, and therefore he would not do so. He proceeded to state the proposed title of the new company which was the Castlemaine Co-operative Pros- pecting and Gold Mining Company, and read the rules, which would be submitted to all the shareholders for their approval when the company was completed. The number proposed was only 100, and 40 were already enrolled' and had declared their willingness to join. He therefore only required ten more that night, and each man to induce some other to join, when the association would be complete. In the course of his remarks, , the speaker commented se- verely on the absence of the Castlemaine trades- men from the meeting, and expressed his opinion that though, the miners could do without them, they could not do without the miners ; and also animadverted on the general apathy the Castle- maine district exhibited on all these most vital questions. He called upon those present to join at once, and pay a normal deposit in proof of their earnestness ; he also hoped that the press would assist this company, and challenged it to find any flaw or fault in its proposed organisation to which objection could be taken. The projec- tors desired that it should be most tho- roughly scrutinised and examined. He then developed the scheme, which was, that a company of 100 working miners should be organised and should subscribe £2 10s. each, to be divided into four monthly instalments of 12s 6d. each, as that period was considered the requisite time to prove the remunerative character or otherwise of the association. The projectors also calculated on raising additional aid to the amount £150 from the storekeepers of Castlemaine and its district, to be returned when the company was paying, and the capital thus subscribed was supposed to be sufficient to test 45 quartz reefs to a depth of 18 feet, and 50 alluvial claims to any depth required. As an equivalent for the £150 to be obtained from Castlemaine and its vicinity, the company would engage not to go beyond three miles from Market-square in their operations, and this would draw any business to the township which might arise from the increased population attracted by new reefs or leads to be opened. A committee should govern the movements of the company, and a visiting miner and secretary should be appointed to report weekly on the operations of their prospecting parties, which should he sent out as the committee might direct. The wages of the employed should be £l 10s. per week, with a fair allowance for tools till payable reefs of alluvial sinking was struck. The eight hours' movement was also to be a feature of this company, and on Saturdays the hours of labour should be reduced to four even. When payable gold was struck, then all the com- pany should be employed, if profitable ; but if all could not be profitably employed, then those requisite should be chosen by lottery. Several other, proposed rules were read to the meeting, Mr. Williams at the same time explain- ing them as he went on. After he had finished, several objections were, taken to many rules by miners present. One con- sidered the scheme unintelligible ; and even when some of the more complicated parts were ex- plained, thought that it must be far more ma- tured, and a much wider view taken, than was at present proposed, before it could be either practi- cable or beneficial. At the same time he would give the greatest credit for disinterestedness to Mr. Williams in bringing it forward. He thought too that the capital proposed was ridiculous, and the aid to be expected from the township very problematical indeed; and declared that a Dr. and Cr. accouut would show n deficiency of £40, even on the projectors' own calculation. Mr. Williams denied that, and a little pencil pantomime arose : and in answer to other ques- tions as, to, how the scheme would proceed if suffi- cient funds could not be got, he said he had ano- ther scheme to provide them, if the storekeepers even refused to come forward. When the com- pany was flourishing, he would give back the money subscribed by the town, if desired. All he wanted was 100 miners. Incredulous Miner: And their money ! The miner who had previously spoken thought as he had said before, that great credit was due to Mr. Williams, still he thought this meeting should be considered as a preliminary one, and that another should be held next Monday,, when the commercial interest would probably be represented more fully, and the scheme could be better dis- cussed. He therefore moved an adjournment to that date, and would move that means be taken by placards and advertisement to make it more generally known, and give the utmost publicity. Mr. Amer seconded the adjournment, and hoped that the press would call upon the mer- chants, bankers, and others to attend, and as far as possible asssist the movement. Mr. Williams quite concurred in the propriety of adjournment, and passed so flattering a eulogium on the Castlemaine press that our modesty pre- vents us from publishing it. The adjournment was carried unanimously ; after which a vote of thanks was moved to the Chairman, and the meeting dispersed. The English Opera Company.—This company has been playing during the week at the theatre, with we are sorry to say but indifferent success. They are really well worthy of support, and the singing of Mr. Farquharson and Miss Harland ought to draw bumping houses if they were ap- preciated as they deserve. Mr. W. Sherwin gives evidence or a careful study of his art by the high and finished character of his vocalization. Honor- able mention must also be made of Mr. N. Linley, whose tasteful accompaniments largely enhanced the pleasure resulting from the evenings enter- tainment. Kissing goes by favour, however, and really first-class music is evidently not valued in Castlemaine, but we do trust that the latter part of their engagement will prove more remu- nerative than the first ; we can cordially recom- mend our musical friends to take advantage of the only two opportunities afforded them by these talented artistes. They play tomorrow at the Red Hill Music Hall, Forest Creek, where a first-rate programme is set out. Furniture Sale. —We are requested to state that the sale of Mr. Hitchcock's furniture is postponed to Thursday and Friday the 11th and 12th day December, instead of the 4th and 5th as adver- tised. Tarrangower.— The increasing importance of this place is attracting greater attention. The quartz reefs are now pronounced to be " great facts," and from the known large extent of the district it is not too much to anticipate a settled population for some years to come. In the mean time there are daily evidences of the increasing prosperity of the people in the solid growth of the township,— buildings which are springing up, and the increased value of the land. The residents are beginning to feel their importance, and a de- sire for self-government is beginning to show it- self. A memorial has been sent to the Govern- ment asking for a local court and for a resident warden. It is but natural that men living on the spot should know better the requirements of a locality than those twelve miles distant. We may add that in all probability a local court will be organised there within a very short time, and it is most likely that R. McKenzie, Esq., at present resident in Castlemaine, will be appointed warden for the Tarrangower district, and chairman of the new court. Eight Hours' Movement—We learn that the stonecutters engaged at the Bank of Victoria have, on the introduction of the pight hours' movement, not only refused to allow a reduction in wages corresponding to the hours employed, but have refused to work, and actually struck for an ad- vance of wages. They were not asked to reduce their price, but were told it would be continued at the previous rate.—Communicated. Sporting Matters.—Fryer's Creek and Jim Crow are up and stirring in the racing way. Our readers will see in this publication advertisements of both events : the only pity is that they come off on the same day, and so will prevent many horses from contesting the various prizes, the horses of the whole district being split into two divisions. The public will therefore he de- prived of sport that they might have expected, but even now it is not too late to change the date. As the "manyheaded " supply the sinews of war, it is nothing but reasonable that their tastes should he consulted, and that the greatest amusement to the greatest number be the motto of the respective stewards. We are sorry to see the confined race system creeping into all our meetings round here. Whatever might have been the shortcomings of the late Castlemaine Spring Meeting, owing en- tirely to a deficiency of funds, want of liberality could not certainly be classed with them, for every race was open it to the world. No men could get over want of liberality on the part of the public in racing matters, us in less excitable pursuits, to see at both the above places a spirit of local selfishness insinuating itself (as to Mount Franklin this is particularly the case) for there are actually only six races advertised and three, including the steeplechase are " for Hepburn horses only." This want of liberality: is gradu- ally dying out, and it is a pity to see it revived in Australia of all places in the world. Let the stewards give inferior horses a chance by placing penalties on winners, or by adopting the system of handicapping, universal in the old country except in the case of three years olds races, but it is sincerely to be hoped that this illiberal and shortsighted policy of confined racing will soon be completely abolished. Church of England, Castlemaine.— A meeting of members was held last Monday evening, to take into consideration several matters connected with the Episcopal church. Most of our readers, at all events our readers who belong to that church, are aware that the Rev. Mr. Cheyne posi- tively, leaves this district on the 1st of January next, and the Rev. Mr. Barlow of Melbourne is to be the future minister here. The Bishop had, it seemed, guaranteed to the latter incumbent an income of £600 per nunum, and had sent letters up asking what portion of that stipend the pari- shioners would pay. The meeting of Monday last was called to arrange this, as also, to take some steps respecting the building, intended at some future time to become the English church. A very small number of persons were present, for some reason or other. The Church of England in this district, although undeniably the richest and most influential body, have ever been behind the other denominations in almost every essential. Their church has been begun, has raised itself a few feet, and remained in statu quo for years, whilst its neighbors have been begun, completed, and celebrated worship in them, almost for years. It is to be hoped that some great alteration will take place, and that the new minister will infuse fresh energy into his flock. At this meeting, after some discussion, it was de- termined to guarantee £200 out of the £600, and a committee was appointed to collect this mag- nificent amount from the richest religious body in the district. A committee of ladies was also chosen to collect £100, to which the Bishop had promised to add £200 for the purpose of repairing and renovating the parsonage. Another and the most important committee, was appointed to see that the church was proceeded with according to plans and specifications; for the completion of which tenders had been accepted, and was to be proceeded with at once, and the Committee were to pledge themselves to be responsible for the con- tract. So there is really some chance of this ghost of a church being completed at last. Our citizens will remember the foundation, and a few feet of wall standing reproachfully on the Church hill for the last two years, and will probably think with us that it was time it was finished. Some little doubt we may say even now hangs over the performance of this undertaking, because at the end of the meeting an adjournment was moved to Monday next. Some say this was carried, some the contrary ; if it were, it will be a case of labor lost,—any how another meeting is to he held next Monday, of which we will have fuller par- ticulars. A Case for the Benevolent.—We would direct our readers attention to a case which came before the Police Court yesterday in which an unfortu- nate little boy named Longfellow was concerned. He is a fine intelligent little fellow, and we doubt not would be found very useful in any family, owing to his father's villainy and his mother's death, he has now only his little sister to attach himself to, and it would he a thousand pities if he was sent down to Melbourne, where he would probably be separated from her for ever. His father's antecedents do not certainly tend to produce much feeling in his favour, but the poor child is not responsible for his father's acts, and as will be seen by our police report even the flinty hearts which are supposed to beat under the blue cloth of a constable's uniform, were moved by this display of real childish distress. We sincerely recommend the poor little fellow to the kind com- misseration of the benevolent in this district whose name are legion, and we feel sure that whatever the scriptural idea may be on the sub ject, they will not in this golden land, allow the sins of the fathers to be visited on the children. 