LOCAL NEWS. TINTED LITHOGRAPHS OP SYDNEY mo ITS ENVIRONS.—It is always a source of gratification to us, when we have to announce the development of any branch of the Fine Arts in the colony; and we therefore feel that no apology is necessary from us, for directing the attention of our readers to a series of views in Sydney, which are about to be published by Messrs Allan and Wrightley, lithographers, of Bridge-street. The first series consists of six very superior sketches, from the pencil of Mr Gill—consisting of views of The proposed Pyrmont Bridge The new Herald Office Manly Beach The North Shore Ferry, looking towards Windmill-street St James' Church ; and Government House; each subject being exquisitely handled. While these sketches cannot but be pleasing to any who take an interest in the places which they re- present, they will bc especially gratifying to the artist, from the style in which they are executed by Mr.Gill, whose free bold touch, betokens a master's hand. Nor are Messrs Allan and Wrigley less deserving of praise than Mr Gill, their portion of the work being finished in a very superior manner, much better indeed than anything we have yet seen in the colony. SEASONABLE POEM.—We learn that our contemporary the Sydney Morning Herald anticípalos being shortly favoured with au heroic poem from the pen of A. J. Evelyn. Esq.. founded upon an old popular ballad. Thc ? .pening stanza will, os we understand, cotu tnenco - " If I had a Premier wot wouldn't go. D'ye think I'd wollop him? Oh, no, no." FALSE REPORT.-We have been re- quested to stnto thoro is no trutn whatever in the rumour that Mr. A. J. Evelyn was in the employ of " tho Bunch," and that at thc time of bis attack upon tho Colonial Secretary ho bad wt " any quantity" of revolvers and bowie knives nbc nt him. STUPID QUESTION.-Mr .Fames Byrnes writos to tu to know whether ho would hate been liablo to^bo arrcs'cd on a warrant, and afterwards committed to take bis trial at tho Quarter Sessions, if ho had succeeded in beat- ing Mr Parker at Parramatta. WK beg to refer him to tho Umpire. A PRETTY KETTLE OF FISH.-The Herald of Thursday informs us that a young gentleman, whose godfathers and godmothers endeavoured to compensate to him for having to bear the unfortunate patronymic of "Kettle," by tacking on to it the magniloquent title of Napoleon, did, on the 18th instant, lead to the hymeneal altar, one Miss Emily Haddock. Of course it is now too late for our interference to be productive of much good, but we felt our duty to observe that the friends of the " Had- dock" have incurred a serious responsibility by forwarding any such intimate connection be- tween herself and the " Kettle." It appears to us that the unfortunate " Haddock" must make up her mind to be kept in hot water for the re- mainder of her days, unless indeed the " Kettle" were suffered to grow cold, an alternative which would be almost equally deplorable. DELIOIIFUL INNOCENCE.-'visay, Pa,y said a young lady in Bourke-street, Surry Hills, to her father, " I do liko to ride into town hy- the Warwick omnibus." " Why so, my love?" " Because it bulong* to. and is driven by a Mr Kiss!" " Louisa! you surpriso me!" WANTED TO KNOW (by a neophyte) How many timos Mr Mountcastle voted at tho rouent election for tho Hamlets? Supposing any ono wished to present to Mr M'Leoy a new specimen of natural histo y, whether tho shorter plan would be to present it to tho Museum or the Botanical Gardens? Which of tho two gontlemen, Dr Duigon or Mr Cowper, is at present most in need of tho proposed apartments at Tarban Creek? The uame of tho author of the lectures deli- vered by Mr Moore of the Botanical Gardens? Also, the name of tho author of the letters written to the papers by that gent? If tho " lnvisiblo Reporter" bo really "a liar of thu first magnitude," what grade in the sociul scalo will henceforth be occupied by that right reverend and meek Christian, Dr Lang? Tho namo of tho next " mere tyro" who will bo so effectually put down by Mr Murray t Who over saw a finer specimen of the wild ass than tho one Joo. Jtaphaol exhibited at tho "Star?" WHEN £ AM DEAD.-When youth, glowing with beauty of soul and heart, rich .with the treasures of mind, and warm with sympathy for , all of loveliness, sight Uko tho south wind, "When I am dead"! A spirit seoms to wait its anthem, and an eclipse of the noon-tide Bun to foll upon the picture of a high nature checked in its purposes - turned from dulcet waves upon a coral reof, against tho rocks of a destructive shore. "When I am dead"! It is as mournful as tho plaint of a ghost on tho tempest and midnight wind. Hut wo must all say it somo time, for the grave lies at hand, yawning through a bed of thorns, or gleaming liko a white avenue of hopo leaning sgaiust tho »tars. , _ OMNIBUS ACCIDENT. - A little boy eight -years,; of ace,'named 'Edward~l.awlor, a stepson of, air Gannon, of Custlereaah-stroct, was run over, at hnlf-prist ono o'clock yesterday, by ;tho" Argil uinnihu», whilo it was passing at à moderato, pwa in front: of tho Spread Eagle, comer »of Keorgo and Market streets, It ap- peared thnt tlio accident occurred through tho hoy's deafness; tho driver in vain called cut to him as ho was crossing, and thoro was not time to pull up lieforo tho front horso carno upon him. He was taken into the shop of Mr Abraham's, druggist, »here Drs Williams and Honnott almost instantly saw him. Ho was shortly after removed home, and Or Williams, having care- fully examined him subsequently, found no signs of fracture, but only a bruise at the back of the hen-) indicating, with tho comatose symptoms, a slight concussion of the brain. Tho chances of tho hny'a recovery are favourable. There was bleeding from the car, but this was proved to have its source in disease of that organ._ fim pire. SERIOUS ACCIDENT.-About 4 o'clopk yesterday afternoon, as tho servant of tho De- puty-Master of the Mint was driving his (Cap- tain Ward's) gig gently down Hunter-street, the high- spirited horse in tho shafts commenced kicking most furiously, became totally un- manageable, and Anally dnshed off nt a terrible rate. Ho turned the corner of Hunter-street sharply, proceeded across George-street in a diicct line with tho shop window of Mr Mader, and in a second worked mischief among tho glass and stationery. Having extricated Iiis head from tho window he made off again, but on arriving at the lamp-post at the corner of tho Exchange Hotel ho pirouetted, smashed tho gig, throwing out tho driver, who was much bruised, and decamped with tho shafts. We regret to soy that a lad named Hooper was run over, and suffers severely from a broken arm and a number of bruises. He was immediately taken into the shop of Mr Porter, where ho ic ceived attention, and "it was thought his inju- ries would not provo fatal. A child, in thu vi- cinity of Mr Mnder's shop, had a very narrow escape; one of the wheels bounding over it on coining into collision with tho pavement. Tho horse was cut and bruised, but is not mucji hurt. Wo have since that a lady crossing George street at tho time was much injured.-Herald. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE. - A female, named Anne Nunn, tho wife of John Nunn, a confectioner, residing in Phillip-street, rashly attempted to destroy herself, ye%terday morning, by swallowing arsenic, ander tho following cir- cumstances:-On Tuesday afternoon she went ont shopping, and returned home about six o'clock in the evening, in a stato of intoxication. Yesterday morning, finding that her husband, who, it is said, ÍB a quiet, respectable mau, and bas been in bad health for two or three years, was grieved at her conduct, she determined upon poisoning herself. Accordingly, about ten o'clock, she went to thc shop of a chemist, in George-street, and purchased a preparation of arsenic, avowedly for the purpose of killing rats. She then went to a milliner's shop, (Wetherall and Hnncock's), on the opposite side of tho street, and inquired thc price of abonnet. Whilst the shopwomnn was showing her thc article, she took out tho pot of poison, said she bad been suffering from fits foi along while, and commenced eating thc contents. Constablo M'Qucen wns immediately informed of tho circnmstoncc, and with tho assistance of another officer proceeded to remove her to the watch-house. Sho resisted the constables, and attracted a crowd about her. Mr Dixson, to- bacconist, at this juncture, recognised her as having occasionally made purchases at his shop, and recommended that she tdiould be taken away in a cab, a course which was nltimntcly adopted. She was removed to tho Infirmary, where, by prompt and skilful treatment, tho dangerous effects of tho poison were soon counte- racted. She is still in tho Infirmary, but has nearly recovered.- Empire. REVOLTING CASE OF CRUELTY TO A CniLD.-At the Central Police Court yesterday, a man named Thomns Gordon Foy, and his wifo Bridget Foy, were charged with having cruelly ill-treated, by starving, and thereby endangered the lifo of a child named Thomas Gee, nbout nino or ten years of age. The poor little boy, who it appears is motherless, wns left in charge of tho defendants, with whom an arrangement had been made for his support by his father, a seaman, supposed to bo out on a whaling voy <~igo. _ On TuesdayVmorning last, a Mrs Clarke, residing in Flood's-Iano, was informed by an acquaintance that "little Tommy Geo" had been locked up by the Foys nil day on Monday mid through Monday night, without food, in an empty IKVUEO in FloodVlanc. which they (tho Foys) removed from on Monday last, having taken another houso in Dixon-street. Mrs Clarke proceeded to tho empty house, and, on looking through tho window, perceived tho poor little fellow crouched up in a corner of tho room, with his knees nearly touching his chin. Sho called out to him lo open tho window, which ho tried to do, but could not, ho was so weak. She then directed him to open the back door. In this ho succeeded, and she entered tho house. Mrs Evans brought some tea anil bread and butter for him, "Inch ho took, and began to cat most ravenously. While tho females were with tho child Mrs Foy came to the house: she snatched tho food from him. ap- peared to bo in a rage at the interference of tho women, and threatened to punish the boy if ho dared to take anything moro from them. Sho then took him away to Dixon-street. A report of tho caso having been made to tho police, Sergeant Lano proceeded with Constablo Butcher, about half-past nine o'clock on TUÎS day night, to tho house in Dixon-street, occu- pied by tho Foys, and asked to seo the child. Thoy wore led hy Mrs Foy into an inner room, a miserable dirty placo, whero they found tho boy on the floor, crouched up in a corner, with his hands crossed, nnd his knees almost touching his chin; dressed in rags, filthy, and swarming with vermin. Sergeant Lano took him by tho hand, and asked who his father was. Tho hoy appeared to bo sensible, and replied that his father was at sen. At that moment Thomas Foy came quickly into tho room and stepped between them. Tho child_ shrunk in terror from him and could not bo induced to speak again. On tho following morning, having received an order for tho removal of tho child to the Benevolent Asylum, Sergeant Lane went again to tho house, and found tho boy precisely in the same condition as before; he took np his little frock to see if thero were any bruises about him, but onuld not distinguish any for the dirt with which his body was covered. Ho then re- moved the child to tho Bonovolent Asylum. ?The distonce was not great, but tho poor child was so weak that it took them an hour to walk there. Yesterday morning Sorgeant Lana ap- prehended the malo prisoner, whom ho found at work, pile-driving, at Pyrmont. In reply to tho charge, he doniod that ho had ill-treated the child, or |ever know it to bo kept without its regular meals. Tho female prisoner was appre- hended, about tho same timo, nt her houso m Dixon-street, by constable Blucher, to whom she said, in roply to the charge against her, "That if every ono had had ns much [trouble with tho dirty little devil as she had, they would have dono tho same; and that sho was only to blame for not having got rid of it before." Tho case stands adjourned until Saturday next; and in the meantime the prisoners have been ro niandod to Darlinghurst Gaol.- Empire. THE LATE FIRE IN KING-STREET. Wo understand that tho best means to be adopted for assisting tho unfortunate sufferers in tho above . recent calamity aro now >'ni>cr consideration. Wo shall be glad to hear that tho measures taken for relieving tho parties wno lost their all on the occasion have been sua cesaful. No moro fitting object for tho con- sideration of tho charitably disposed in thu community could possibly bo selected. Clarke, ' a respectable citizen of many years standing, has experioncd a severo trial, as wu aleo Mr Martin. Wo trust sincerely that ttio bonovolent will net liberally in their behalt, theirs being a case of extremo distress, w ww on this subject wo may suggest that mero ought to ho n fire engine in tho city always a hand, under tho surveillonce and management oí tho police. GOOD NEWS FOR BELISARIO AND STOLWOnTHY.-Wo aro hBppy to be able to in- form these gentlemen, thst ' friend MARKS II II« still got ono tooth left, a "corner of which no 'showed us laBt Saturday,morniug. 