GOING TO LAW. . We had hoped that that uneasy ghost, Com pensation, had been laid for a while, — at least i until the assembling of the first Parliament I under the New Constitution, We had flat tered ourselves into the pleasant conviction that we should, ntit hear anything mr.iv ahoui. that most aimless of association-;, the Pastor;-.! Protection Sorieiv, until the ne*v Parliamcn; should have fairly addressed itself to tho task of dealing with tho great and pai amount land questioi}. Wo know, indeed, that the snM Imeolie socictv had been talking lai'celv nliout. ?'law;' that they had gathered subscription-? to the amount of several thousand pounds — not exactly in the shape of actual current cin, but ol' undeniable- figures on paper'; thnt- tlio.v hud piit forth all their energies' to get their president and founder into St Patrick's Hall t;s member for the City, but had made a most signal failure of it; that they had engaged a ?certain learned barrister as their standing coun sel, and that he had prepared a ' case ' for tho law courts, or the Privy Council — (for it was not certain to which tribunal t.h-j appeal would have to be ? made ) — of such enormous prolixi'y that, another bar rister, to whom said ' case' was sent as a brief, indignantly refused the accompaning fee of one hundred guineas as being quite inadequate remuneration for the mere labor* of reading through it; that they had made nn effort to get the question of Compensation considered by the Government of his late Excellency, but in vain ; that they had mado a similar abortive attempt to get the question considered by the present Couuoil ; and that the society were at their wit's end (u point not very difficult to be reached) to know what 'move' tlicy should try next. AH this we knew; nor had experieuee led us to anticipate very much from our' old friends in the way of rational practical action ; but we never could have imagined that they Would have the egregious folly to instruct, their advocate in tho Council to bring forward tli ir ' easo' in such a form as it stands on the notice paper for this day, if the faet did not stare 11s iu the face. Tlio modest and reasonable proposition which Mr Fellowes, the squatttrs' professional advo cate, propos :s to submit to the Council is as follows : — ' That tho rights of the occupiers of Crown Lands for pastoral purposes can only bo ascertained nnd deter mined in a Court of Law, and it is tho opinion of this IIouso that tho Law Officers of the Crown should facili tate any arrangement by which that end can be attained.' . ? Now, sotting . asido the impropriety — we might even say, indecency — of the avowed pro fessional advocate ot the squatters moving such a resolution in his plaro in Council passing over the merging of the public representative in the private legal adviser, nnd fhe unworthy attempt to make the greater funcLion subssrw the interests of the lesser; — it is difiiriiU to repress a feeling of indignation nt the insult offered to the Council by the very terms of the resolution. Mr Fellows modestly aslts the Council to stultify itself in the completest manner imaginable,— to declare itself incompetent fo deal with a public qnes tion which, of all others, comes expressly within tlio powers of the Legislature ! He wants it to hand over to the courts of law those powers which are the very basis of its existence. He wauts it to perpetrate what woul 1 be in fa(-,t a constitutional fraud upon the Legislature which is to succeed it, inasm.ich as it would be a usurpation of its successors' functions, and the pre determiningofaquestion which Iirs been spe cially committed to it by an Act of the Imperial Parliament. One can very readily imagine why a professional man like Mr Fellows should be it? favor of going to law on such a gigantic and complex question as the lawyers would make of the squatting compensation question ; and the supposition irresistibly suggests itself that an astute advocate, with such clients as our Pastoral Protection friends, would strenuously advise going to law, by all means, at all hazards, and at anj' cost. By all means keep up the impression that, there is nothing to be gained from the Legislative Council, either under the old constitution or the new; nothing from the Government, whether responsible or irrespon sible ; nnd nothing from the people : but there may be something got out of the Supreme Court, with the Privy Council to sustain, or reverse its decisions ! Therefore, there is to he nothing but litigation, nnd plenty of it — trials and retrials — special pleas and common pleas— briefs of endless length' and countless number — appeals to tho Privy Council, and voyages to England to prosecute the same ? — and golden harvest? of fees for legions of thoroughly disinterested lawyers! Wo 'havo snid that we have not 1111 extravagant opinion of the intelligence of our old acquaintances, but wo really never thought that their knowing legal friends could gull them into listening seriously to such adviec as that! ? Let the Pastoral ' Protectionists only follow 'that kind of counsel, and. if they do not soon find themselves self.delivered into the hands of the. Philistines, our sagacity will be amnzingly.at- fault But,' seriously, it amazes us that a gentleman possessed of such legal perspicacity as Mr. Fel lows should have entertained the idea that the Council would afl'ord his resolution ft moment's serious consideration. What have they to do with the Squatters' legal wrongs ? If the Squatters suppose they havo a fair case for the law courts, why do' they not prosecute it with out asking the Council's leave at all ? And if tlicy do not suppose so, what amount of truthfulness is there contained in the resolu tion ? And further, does not Mr. Fellows know perfectly well that the present Council has no power whatever to deal with the great question of the future disposal of the public lands, — the question being specifically reserved for the new Parliament by the recent imperial Act? If lie does not know this fact, what are' we to thing of his legal ability 7 If I10 does, what opinion are we t.i form' of his senatorial honesty? We leave the learned gentleman to unssver either question as he best can We confess that we have taken up this question, ? not at all on the ground of its in trinsic merits, — for we would not devote a dozen lines to the consideration of any new vagary of the squatting faction, — but solely on the ground of the discredit the resolution re flects on the reputation of the proposer of it. We aro amazed to find a man of Mr. Fellows's high professional reputation compromising it by originating an idea so intrinsically absurd and ridiculous. We have not the least doubt, that his resolution will be either withdrawn 'f with the leave of the House,' or shelved by the ' previous question but we can assure the learned gentleman that something of public confidence is forfeited by a legislator every time he makes such a wilful blunder as is made in that resolution. 