A YANKEE ATTORNEY ON CAPITAL '. PUNISHMENT. The following oration, was delivered somewhere in Wisconsin -by one of the profession, who would seem to have quite as much aversion to capital punishment as those kind-hearted people who are perpe- tually petitioning for the reprieve of ' assassins of every grade :?,:.:'¦'? " May it please your lordship and gentlemen of the jury, the case is as clear as ice, and sharp to the point as " Not' from your sweetheart. The scrip- ture saith, 'Thou shalt not kill;' now-, if you. hang my client, you transgress, the command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether committed by twelve. jurymen, or by an humble individual like my client. Gentlemen, I do not deny the fact of my client having killed a man, but is that any reason why you should do so? No such thing, gentlemen ; you may bring the prisoner in * 'guilty;' the hangman may do his duty, but will that exonerate you? No such thing in that case you will all be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain, to be stamped upon his brow to day? Who, freemen who, in this land., of liberty and light? . Gentlemen, I will pledge, my, word riot one, of you has a bowie knife or a pistol in his pocket. No, gentlemen your, pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobactU) of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful con science; but hang my unfortunate client, and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principles - of animal vertebra, Until the spinal vertebrae of your anatomical construction is turned into a railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of. committing murder. Beware, I say, of meddling with the internal prerogative I Beware, I' say. Remember this fate of the man who attempted to steady the ark, and tremble. Gentlemen, I adjure you, bathe manumitted ghost of temporal sanctity to do no murder. I adjure you, by the name of woman, the mainspring of the tickling timepiece of time's theo-, retical transmigration, to do no murder! 1 adjure you, by the love you have for the esculent and condi- mental gusto of our native pumpkin, to do no murder I I adjure you, by the stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipated country, to do no murder! I adjure you, by the American' Eagle that whipped the universal gamecock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of time's illustrious transmigration to do no murder 1 And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect to wear long-tailed Coats if you ever expect free dogs not to back at you? if you evergreens to wear boots made of the free use of the rocky mountain, buffalo and, to, sum up all, of four over expect to be anything but a set of sneaking, loafing rascally, cn't-thi-.iated, braided small ends of humanity, whittled dowri.irilp indestructibility, acquit my client, and save your country."; The prisoner was acquitted. Com- municated. ,,;' ' ¦?;.:':¦ ' A 