TBEITISHTTOLITIOS: COMMERCE [raosc OOH owx. COBBESFOHDEKT.] . \- | ' LONDON, DECEMBER 4, 1850.'' ' "DiTinity doth, hedge a KingT is a maxim, I take it, trae only to the extent to which " Divinity doth hedge" the whole human family, and that Shakspeare meant no -ore, is pretty well indicated by his having delivered the oft-quoted words to us through the lips of the vilest of all the Kings he has limned,, to wit, Hamlet's father's murderer, Hamlet's mother's husband. But sunshine would almost seem to be the prerogative of royalty. In our " tight little island," let it be known that the Queen -has fixed upon a certain day for any public ceremonial ! wherein she intends to take part personally, and lot be it summer or winter, springtide or Michaelmas, forth bursts Dan Sol in all his splendour, and umbrella makers curse the fate that doomed them to their shower-loving vocation. So these days have come to be known among us as " Queen's days :" and the Queen's present. guest Victor Emmanuel of Sardinia, who doubtless bad been warned before band of the November fog wherein be would ba suro to find London and himself enveloped on bis passage through bur streets, has been equally ?favoured. The 30th of November, whioh is to be ' hereafter marked down in our calendars as the day on * which tho most chivalrous of our allies became a wel- come visitor to our shores; might, for all the almanacs . hinted to the contrary, have been regarded as a slice out "bf the "merrie month of May." The streets through which the cavalcade passed, gay with the flogs of France and England, Sardinia and Turkey, lined with happy citizens and citizenne3ses, military hands regaling their ' ears with the grandest of martial music, and over all a bright blue sky and a shining sun, gave to our provorbi ally gloomy November such ' on exit as " the oldest in > habitant" would vainly attempt to parallel even from bis capacious memory. " And the King, how looked heat the folk, and. bow looked the folk at he ? Why he looked at the folk with " an evident gladness of heart, albeit that heart hath been too recently torn by the saddest ef bereavements that can befal a loving husband, to allow of all traces of sorrow to be worn away from his countenance ; and if a mere momentary glance can be held to reveal much, it .' may truly be said that this king, whose object it is to bb ' a constitutional king after our model, was truly gratified at beholding in tho spontaneous greetings which accom- panied him during the whole line of progress, an appre- ciation on the part of the English people of bis noble -, effort to establish, a constitutional government in his ."own realms. , When the French Emperor visited us, ' there was . a "rigidity in tho police regulations, and an uneasy sort., of anxiety in the glances Louis Napoleon cast around him, sufficient to shew that a certain,.or ; rather an uncertain, amount of disquiet sat at his heart ' he knew not whether, with all tho cara of our English and of .his Frenoh detectives, there might not still bo among the thousands whose graduations rent the air, more than one expatriated republican, with pistol cocked, ready to have a pop at him if the moment should only turn out opportune enough. But with the Pied montose King wo were all," bail fellow well met"-we clustered close to his carriage through the whole route, almost shaking bands with him ; yet not to the extent ' of discommoding him or of giving trouble to our police- men by any unruliness on eur parts ; and when it is recorded that, owing to the thorough geniality of the day,, tho carriages wherein he and his suite rode wera . open parriages, it will be seen that people and king had a full opportunity of becomingas thoroughly acquainted with one another as in so short a space of time was possible. Moreover, however unquestionable bo the superiority of Paris to London in point of gaiety and picturesqueness, there can be little doubt that so far as regards spontaneity of reception the advantage is on our side. Victor Emmanuel has given mortal offence to the Pope by his conduct in regard to Church affairs in his own kingdom, and it is pretty well understood that whatever priostly influence could effect in France towards lessen- ing tho ¿dat with which he was there received was efTected, and it is equally well understood that tho Emperor himself initiated steps to counteract the oflect of this ecclesiastical enmity. So, while on tho one hand tho j French people cheered with " bated breath" at priestly bidding, on the other, so soon as tko self-made Emperor I appeared on the sceno, they vociferated to the top of their most sweet voices " by order." Now, " a nod is as ' good as a wink" to some folks, and as there can bo little doubt that his Sardinian Majesty can see further into the middle of next week than most hereditary rulors, you may depend upon it that, in his progressas through France and England, ho ;will have needed no prompting to enable him to discriminate between the forced and the natural. And " they say" that this visit of the Piedmontese King is not one of state or ceremonial merely. . An alliance with a " daughter of our house" is spoken of. The Princess Mary of Cambridge is said to have been ?' trotted out" before him by her royal brother. Rumour is not always on the right scent, but there is nothing < unlikely in this ; and if the young lady be destined for the Royal widower's second, why his good and loyal sub- jects will at least havo the pleasure of gazing on as portly n Queen as England, or, for the matter of that, any kingdom on the fuce of tho globe can supply to a foreign potentate on the look out for a bride ; for they do say-the " they" aforesaid-that were the royal dam- sel to " go to scale" she would be found to weigh nearly j as many stones as she is years of age-saying nought here, howover, more precise about weight or age, it may be enough to add that the merest ocular demonstration , eufficeth to evince that the amiable princess in question is of most majestio proportions, and if the generous folks on your side of the globe should make up their mind to dower her with her weight in gold, why the whole pro- duct of your diggings, for heaven knows how many \- seasons to come, would be absorbed in the getting toge- ther of the required amount. In war matters we are now approaching, if we have not already quite arrived at, a period at which nothing of ? an active character can take placo ; and people are ?' turning their thoughts peace-wards very earnestly, but not at all with a view to " Peace at any price." Yet the . state of things indicated in the commercial half of my communication is such, that there can be no doubt that voace on an honourable and satisfactory basis would be hailed by all-save army contractors, and a few fire eaters, whoso natural element is war-with unmitigated delight. Our Timet newspaper, which, for purposes of its own, delights to raise up grim ghosts for ' the special pleasure of laying them again, hath of late endeaveurcd to frighten its readers into an anti-American fever, grounding its elaborately 'lugubrious vaticinations on two or three semi-belligerent election "speeches of a hot-blooded United States' lawyer; but now the Thunderer kindly assures us that wo may rest quiet in our beds without fear of any filibustering expédition landing on our shores, or of any similar piece of Quixotic madness starting from ' our side to reduce Yankeeland to a proper degree of behaviour. With reference to home matters it may just be noted that »ll the Government vacancies are now filled up. That very prettily conducted young man, the Duke of Argyll, isadvancod from his sinecure place in the Cabinet to the Postmaster-Generalship. The fair-faced, "yellow haired laddie" is not afraid of work, and, I am told, bas mora than once hinted his desire to be transferred td a berth wherein he could do n little moro for his wages than was possible for him while he was Lord Privy Seal. There is a certain affinity between the " post" and Argyll's /dukedom, which may have induced Lord Palmerston, for the sake of the joke, to put the present Sake into his present berth. However, if, now he is \- there, his Grace will only give us those facilities to ' which we and the colonies have a full right in respect to postal conveniences, we shall be all ready to fling up our hats and exclaim-as exclaimed tho Scotsmen of old when their cutaneous infirmities led them to acknow- ledge the service rendered to them of old by a noble ancestor of his by the erection, by the wayside, of posts of a far other kind and for far other purposes than the transmission of letters-" God bless the Duke of Argyll 1" Of the other ministerial appointments, they are suffi- ciently unimportant to be passed hy here. In literature the great event is the publication of the first number of Air. Dickens's new story, called "Little Dorrit," which, for a first number, is certainly the very best our most popular novelist has ever issued. It is believed that Hr. Dickens, in the course , of his story, intends to touch on the evils of Redtapeism ; his cele- brated Administration Reform speech afferds some warrant for this belief-indeed, it was said that the title of his story, in reference to this end, was to have been called .« Nobody's Fault-" Furthermore, the illus- tration at the top of the outer green cover of the book . lends some currency to the belief, for there, in one ef those . modern chfldcarriages, .called a perambulator, sits Britannia, in a most hopeless state seemingly, surrounded. and escorted ' by (eneráis who are clearly too old to fight' for her,' by , ? ©misters who are clearly too frivolous for governing her j pMg&Cwt;íl hy » Alióle, *-«y of incapable* J« Astana who, T«h*^«r spending po.w«w, «T« clwlrdw enough fw aU working purposes,, During the, Jost fortnight there, ha*, heen a, ranch, more favorable feeling in oar. money market, Consols fcbave been as low as 871, and have now, with trifling variations, mounted to the figure 89|, establishing a rise of nearly 3 per , cent. The cause of this is undoubtedly attributable . to large arrivals of gold front Australia ; - the White Star, Oliver Lang, and Kent, having supplied us with an aggregate value of ¿1,157,000 in gold during the last week. These opportune' arrivals. have changed the gloomy appearance which had previously settled down upon the Stock Exchange, and from thence spread dark, ness and foreboding over the commercial world. Large purchases have been made in Consols, and the small fry of outside speculators, unable to account for a move- ment which has taken them by surprise and defeated their calculations, will insist upon it most determinedly that we are upon the brink of a peace, nay even that our ally of France has accepted the terms. Such rumours, however, are but the offspring of a sudden and not over welcome change which has proved somewhat disastrous among the ranks of this excitable crowd, and they are of no more account than the idle wind. The probability seems that this upward movement bas been caused by purchases which are themselves a consequence of the arrival of a large amount of bullion; and if these con- signments are now suspended for a time, as is antici- pated, we shall soon see the gold draining away from our Bank coffers,with the same steadiness that, has been so long apparent. This will turn the tide, Consols will recede, and our rumours will change their character with the turn of events. Discount rates remain unchanged, 6 per cent, being paid for first-class Bills of 60 days and under, 7 to 8 per cent., and even more, for those having longer terms to run. Complaints are universal in London of the stagnation of trade, the want of employment for the working classes, and the high prise of provisions, and these complaints are echoed from the provinces. In this city the Spital fields weavers are out on strike, the masters haying de- clared the necessity of reducing wages in consequence of the bad state of trade. The men respond to this that their present earnings hardly enable them to live, and that the increased prices they have to pay for food will not allow of the reduction which the masters wish to force upon them. The Manchester strike still continues, and has given rise to a paper war between the com- batants, apparently without any result, both sides remaining in ttatu quo ante bellum. But the strike and the more favorable aspect of the money market have given an increased tone to the Manchester markets, and the reports of the last week speak of more business being transacted than of late, but still complain that prices are unremunerative. From Leeds, Bradford, and Halifax, the last reports of our woollen manufactures are somewhat better, but operations are still conducted with great caution. Barnsley and Leicester reports are not so good, work is scarce, and tho numbers eut of employ aro increasing. On the other hand, the general condition of the mining population is reported to be tolerably good, in a social point of view, and operations are aotive through these districts of Yorkshire and Derbyshire. In our colonial markets business has been generally quiet. The speculation in sugar has diminished and prices have given way materially, though a fooling of greater steadiness has been established during I tho last day or two. So sudden was the rise upon this great article of consumption, and so I enormous, that the trade, wholesale as well as retail, was brought to a standstill. A strong determination arose on the part of consumers to resist the movement, and the consequences have been a great fall in the wholesale trade, with business very slack, and from tho retailers a concession of 2d. per pound to the public. Other articles of colonial produce, such as tea, coffee, &c;" remain without alteration and with very little business doing. During tho weok 8081 Australian ox horns have boen sold, average 10J to 10j> oz., at 40s. to 00s. Od. Wools remain as before, nothing having been done since the sales which ended on the 10th ultimo. Sydney, Van Diomen's Land, Port Phillip, and New Zealand sorts all sold nt a decline. The law prices aro beginning to attract the attention of Continental buyers in a greater degree than has previously been tho case. Reports from Berlin speak of the colonial wools having been intro- duced in that market, and pretty large quantities having been sold to the different cloth manufacturers of the country. Port Phillip wools ore in most favour and sell moro readily than others. There is no doubt that a little more attention, on the part of those interested, to the qualities and stato of packing and shipping of this article, would bo weil repaid, by the confidence inspired amongst buyers here, and the better prices obtained. Hides-0320 Australian salted hides were brought for- ward at the last public sale, and sold, average 34 to 074 lbs., at 4 jd. to Sid. per lb. Tallow has steadily declined from the top price lately reached. Yellow candle has been as low as 07s. This price induced speculative operations,' and a rise of Us. was established, from which price there may be now a decline of Od. Therois not, at pro3ent, any Australian tallow in the market. The prospects of Alis article are, at all times, difficult to divine, the specutativo and fic- titious business carried on being so great as often to mislead tho operators for consumption only. While we use less tallow than formerly for candles, we use much more for soap making, and the demands for this com- merce seem to be increasing so much, as to hold out the fairest prospects for the future of tho article. Whenever a peace comes, tallow must go down in price consider- ably ; but, that blow being past, it will be likely to recover to a considerable extent, and hold out induce- ments to shippers. The exports hence to Australia must be affected by tho stato of our commerce hero ; and that relief which has so long been asked for in Australia will inevitably como. The number of ships loading for Australian ports is less than at this time last year, and continues ta diminish. ' The Board of Trade returns of the imports and ex- ports of this country have been moro favourable for the last month than had been anticipated. A great scarcity of wine, and very high prices, may be anticipated for some time to como. The reports from all tlie wine districts of France, Germany, Spain, and Portugal, are all very bad, and tho distress resulting in those districts most pitiable. Australian wines have attracted notice at the Paris Exhibition; and now is the opportunity to create a new commerce, of which, it is to be hoped, the Australians may be able to avail themselves, European wines are, for the most part, now, of inferior quality, and at exorbitant prices. - If a substitute in ths shape of a good article at a moderato price can be introduced here from our own colonies, it will meet with an extensive patronage ; but it is to be feared that our. present fiscal regulations at home may materially retard the development of any such trade, and it is to be hoped that our Government will bo made to seo the policy of fostering our colonial trade by some concessions on this point. The morality of. our commerce does not yet display any signs of amendment. Since the bankers, Strahan, Paul, and Bates, made their appearance in the criminal dock, oar courts of law have been constantly occupied with cases of the same disgraceful and unscrupulous character, though less in degree. Amongst other inci- dents, we have had a confession of the practice among Australian merchants of " salting invoices," which Lord Campbell characterizes as " obtaining money under false pretences ;" and it is to be hoped that his lordship's opi- nion will act as a caution to gentlemen who take liberties in this woy. The great scandal of the day is the report of the affair» of the Eastern Counties Railway Company, which expesos a system of conducting affairs at which all the world pro- fesses to be astonished, though the more society is probed the more it appears that too much of all the world con- demns this kind, of practices in public, but practises them when it supposes itself to be in secret. Such bad times as we are now experiencing here generally bring people to account, and betray much of the scheming which answered well enough when times were more prosperous. \- - HAMICH PRYNNE. I SARDINIAN FETE SAY.-Oar Sardinian allies have ¡had j quito a fete day in the plain. , After a most imposing I ceremony of high mass, attended by the whole force, a general parade of the entire army, 10,000 strong, took : place, and a more brilliant affair of the sort has not been I witnessed in the Crimea since tho Tricolor and Union Jack first waved over the walls of Eupatoria. Our'own magnificóos and Marshal Felissier, accompanied by a I dazzling staff, were present, not to mention whole crowds ef the inferior officers of both armies. The brilliancy of the day added much to the effect of the spectacle ; though the admirable soldier-like appearance of the Fiedmontese troops of all arms, and the perfec j tinn of their evolutions, would have in themselves been sufficient to give no ordinary degree of éclat to the whole scene. Our Italian allies are oise busy in preparing to lay down their branch line of railway from our own at the head of Balaclava barbour out to their encarap I roent in the plain, and a considerable quantity of their "plant" bas already arrived and been landed. Their railway waggons seem altogether of a superior quality to onr own, being fitted with springs and other aids to loco- motive smoothness which wa have sot thpnghf requisite. -.Letter\Jrom the Canip. '? 