rest (PUBLISHED DAILY.) I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." FRIDAY, 11TH APRIL, 1856. WHERE ARE THE NINETY ?" 1 nus far for the " seven wise men," who at present have it in their power so greatly to influence the destinies of this colony, and who, if they can continue to hold office, will have so much in their power for some time to come. We presume that as far as they are concerned we have made ourselves sufficiently understood. We should regret to find the new Councils meeting without Messrs. Haines, Stawell, Childers, and Clarke. We should be quite resigned to the presence of Messrs. Molesworth, Pasley, and Sladen. We should, on the other hand, endeavor to bear up against the shock of their absence, if they are fated to be absent. For reasons stated, we should wish to see the Solicitor-General, Commissioner of Public Works, and Treasurer there. We are quite contented to give the various occupants of those offices the fair trial have wish to extend to every- body, and would like to have an opportunity of judging of them with greater care in their "responsible" and more individu- alised capacity, before we venture to congratulate them upon a great success, or make up our minds to condole with them upon a great failure. Passing for the present the minor and unofficial occupants of the Ministerial benches, we turn to the representative side. And we begin, of course, with Mr. O'shanassy-the Ajax of the Grecian army which for well-nigh, the ten long years required by strict classical precedent, has been storming at the gates of the impracticable Troy of misgovernment, extravagance, and monopoly. We do not think that the colonists of Victoria will ever fully appreciate the services which this gentleman has rendered her. The new-comer does not understand them. He will not look back, or read back, over the long and tedious detail of the battles for the popular cause in which this doughty champion hasbcenaprincip.il combatant, llejuilges-perhaps disparagingly enough-of the progress of this colony towards being made what we still fondly hope to see it-the best governed country in the world. But he feels little inclined to study the Gilbertson those who have tried to make it so-to force it within a very few years through a degree of progress which has usually occupied tenfold the time, he will scarcely believe that, whatever the ultimate success of the effort to make Victoria a well-governed country, it is but yesterday, as it were, that it was unquestionably one of the worst managed and most tyrannically treated of all the dependencies of Great Britain. "What reward is there for the man who Las stuck by her through all the critical periods of such a rapidly transitionary state as this Who, day by day hour by hour, Las labored, and read, and thought ; devoting time and attention to the public welfare which applied to his private ends, might have added tens of thousands to his worldly wealth who has resisted the fascinations of the most exciting periods of the gold discovery, and in days when scarcely one of our merchants could tear himself a foot from his ledger-when our squatters were laboring heart and soul to enrich themselves by the perpetuation of an infamous monopoly-when public spirit was not-when all reforms seemed hopeless when everything tended to tempt the abandonment of the State ship, and when from the entire colony, with the exception of' some dozen of sturdy patriots, went forth the cry of " Each for himself," " Put money in thy purse" what, we ask, should be the reward of that man who, in times like these, toiled steadfastly on was found early and late at his public duties ; passed through the fiery ordeal of the gold discovery with calm nerve and quickened pulse and unchecked at the cheerless prospect before him, undaunted by the defection of those classes which should have rallied round him; with cease- less industry, incredible. patience, and an undying confidence in ultimate success, was contented to devote nearly his entire attention to the welfare of the land of I his adoption, and. the advancement of the public good? What reward for services like these! Oh, ample reward. It is becoming the fashion to disparage Mr. O'Shanassy; to assert that he has passed the culminating point of his fame and influence, and to predict that he will now have to pale his ineffectual fires before the brighter lights of the post- alluvial era ! It is a remarkable fact that the very men who should have borne a share in the public burdens' of days like these, were, and are, the very first-to depreciate and undervalue the services of those who have done <7i«Vwork. Such is the tactic of your true money-grubber! First to transfer the burden from his own shoulders, and then to sneer at and disparage him who consents to bear the load. The amount of time, deep study, and painful attention that Mr. O'Shanassy and some few others who have acted with him have devoted to the public service it is almost impossible to estimate. For five long" sessions he has been found constantly in the House; he has sat upon innumerable select committees filling up his spare time with such lighter recreations as Gold-field Commissions, Squatting Com- missions, and drawing deep draughts from the best acknowledged sources of constitutional law. What the country would have become if he and his small band of patriotic associates had joined the main body, and left things to take care of themselves, it is simply impossible to imagine. And yet when we, with the warmest J appreciation of all this come calmly to consider the subject of a competent re- I ward for such services, we confess that we find ourselves plumped head-over-ears into a sea of difficulties. What object may we presume has Mr'. O'Shanassy himself had in view to cheer him on in his arduous task ? " Office" we shall he told, '. high office ; with all its attendant sweets of influence, prestige, and patronage." Let us suppose this gentleman, then, duly enthroned in the seat of power, vice Haines, sentenced to transportation to the hills of Barrabool ! Would the tableau be satisfactory? Would the arrangement he a lasting one Would the great bulk of the people of this colony feel calmly convinced that at length the great object of the modern reformer was secured, and that " the right man in the right place" was found at last? Alas ! no. Mr. O'Shanassy as a principal leader on the Opposition benches is one thing. Mr. O'Shanassy as Chief Secretary would be altogether another. As popular representative no one has thought fit to attack him, to throw out imputations on his motives, to distort and misrepresent his acts. Such disparagement as came his way has been of a sort of passive or negative quality, arising partly from jealousy, partly from spite, partly from a disposition to depreciate that in the securing of which the disparager has had no share. But let Mr. O'Shanassy once take office, and upon his devoted head will rapidly pour such a storm, compounded of distrust, imputation, and general opposition, as would rather shake the nerves of one whose path has hitherto been comparatively peaceful. Mr. O'Shanassy is a Roman Catholic, and what is usually considered a very bigoted one. At particular times he is arrested in an otherwise consistent and liberal career by some subject in which his religious convictions clash with those which, apart from religion, he would be likely to adopt. To those who have every disposi- tion to judge him fairly, and to make no ungenerous use of the weaker points of his position, there has always been something downright startling in the paralysing effect upon a generally very sturdy and masculine nature, of one little fore- finger held up warningly by a worthy old gentleman somewhere in the latitude of Rome. It is then that the Statesman crumbles into the sectarian and deep, sincere and hearty convictions in matters of faith are found to conflict fatally with the demands of political progress. It is through the gap presented at this weak part that the tide would rush, which we fear would be too powerful for Mr. O'Shanassy to stem. Men will not trouble themselves to search out painfully the particular points which would appear to justify distrust ; they will not submit to have their vigilance always on the alert to reooncde contrarieties, and to assure themselves, amidst seeming discrepancies, that they are safe. " Bigots of the opposite side will always be ready to inflame- semi-bigots will always be ready to listen and believe. It is tlifßcult-it is impossible to know where and when the politician yields to the religious; and public attention will not brook being always on the watch. It is not that upon a thousand points Mr. O'Shanassy will not be considered reliable, but how are people to detect the thousand-and-first ? If the seventh bullet of Caspar and Rudolph had been duly marked and labelled, the hunter would have been quite safe with the other s. With respect to the well-known gentleman who enjoyed such credit for veracity that it was admitted one half of what he said might be believed, the difficulty arose as to which half was the one to be so favored, and so more than a shade of suspicion fell upon the whole. So singularly-so intimately, and yet so harmoniously, blended are the peculiar religious convictions of Mr. O'Shanassy with his political impressions, that it is simply impossible for any mind differently constituted from his own to understand him. No man knows where the light shadow of the fore-finger at Home may fall across his path. Is it upon our electoral system? Ahern The Ballot ! Is it upon our educational system? Denominationalism! Is it endowment of religion? Many of his neighbors will say; the fifty-thou sand-pound clause of the Constitution Act! And tims throughout the piece. The Banquo like ghost of his religious superior glides across his sight, and in an instant the strong and determined man of the world dwarfs to the mere secretary. In this sketch of the peculiar difficulties of Mr. O'Shanassy's position, we are not stating our own convictions so much as those which we know will actuate the main body of this people. By close and dispassionate observation we have learnt tolerably to estimate Mr. O'Shanassy's disposition, and could fearlessly set about the task of separating the _ occasional evils consequent upon his peculiar position from the vast amount of good which he is capable of performing. But the public generally will not take this trouble. They have their own affairs to attend to, and grudge more than the most summary attention to public business. Still they must be safe-oh, very safe. Nobody insists more upon this than your ultra money-grubber and if that safety be not assured and palpable, your capitalist locks up his cofFers, your merchants gi unable, and your people clamor. They are contented to use Mr. O'Shanassy as their instrument in opposition, and to in- vest him with some power and authority. But if he accept office we fear that he would be the victim of such an avalanche of distrust, obloquy, and misrepresentation, as no public man could long withstand. A cheerless prospect for the true patriot, we shall he told, to work for ever, but to work in vain ! A hard case that a very able man should expend the best efforts of the best years of his life in the public service, without any chance of gratifying an honorable ambition, or having the opportunity of practically applying in a direct form the ideas of government, of which years of attentive study have proved the soundness ! But it is with the deepest convictions of the usefulness of Mr. O'Shanassy's career, and with feelings of the warmest gratitude for the services he has rendered us and every man here, that we have weighed the probabilities of his future. It is because as a simple representative he succeeds so well, while as a principal official his success would be so doubtful, that we feel convinced how a sound policy, and a calm conviction of the nature of real greatness, should lead him to "rather bear those ills he has, than fly to others that he knows not of. It may seem hard that the true patriot should be " debarred the possession of the prize for which he may have struggled. past the prime test and trial of the patriot, if true, is self-sacrifice after all-the merging of all private interest in the public good-the cherishing of that glorious thought, as he looks back upon his career, which enables him to say " I am neither rich, nor great, nor famous ! But, thank God ! I have been enabled to be useful to my kind." As to Mr. O'Shanassy's position in the coming elections, it would say little for the people of this colony if they did not place him at the head of the poll for what ever constituency he may choose to offer. himself. We speak of any of the larger or more popular constituencies. Did he seek . the balances of the fleecy voters of the | Wimmera, or the fat bullocks of the Mur day or the Loddon, we should neither be surprised nor mortified if he were defeated by a Taylor, a Goodman, or a Murphy. 