THE AGE.— ITS MORAL ATTAINMENT.. It 'seems very clear that this country has become essentially, democratic. We might almost say that its spirit is republican- Administrative reform literally means the levelling of all social or state distinctions-. The right man in the right place, is an aphorism which involves the distinct proposition that power and place are to be measured exclusively by mental and moral fitness, no longer by interest, station, fortune. it ignores, in- fact, all claims founded on a man's accessories or antecedents, because these will- not help him any the better to the discharge of- his duties. " Birth, rank, fortune, " said the Latin poet (vix eci nostra voco ), " these we scarcely can claim as- ours," and the reason he gives- is (non fecinvu&ipsi;), " We have- not ourselves made them." We wish we were not compelled to- charge the time with the same spirit which dictated to the- Roman his contempt for title, even his sneers at virtue. But- we fear it is daily becoming more true of us that we feel (et genus et virtus, nisi cum re, vilior aJga est), that " Without the tin, my existence's jewel, titles, respectability and that sort of thing is all bosh!" The making of the Queen's husband a Field Marshal has been "shown up" with merciless ridicule by the great public censors of the day, Thirty years ago the articles which in the Times now assail incompetency or iniquity in high places would have ruined the paper— now they only ruin its victims. It is, indeed, lamented by many, and proclaimed by all, that the press really rules the country ; and government, by the press means, periphrastically, the dominion of the masses, the reign of those who read. To that stake the delinquent is dragged — to that court those in authority are summoned as effectually as if an alguazil were on their tail, or a policeman were at their elbow, 'Nobody, not even the highest, can dare to ignore its jurisdiction, or to treat it iges with silence or contempt. If they do not plead to the indictment, sentence goes by default ; and a judgment is pronounced as stern in its social prescription, and as effectual in its material results, as the ban of a heretic by bell, book and candle. Immediately before the first French Revolution, many of the French nobility and gentry and some of our own threw themselves headlong into the- vortex of philosophe-ism, adopted republican principles and plebeian manners, sneered at all social distinctions, and stood on the level -platform of simple citizenship. There is, through a thin veil of traditional observance of social classifi- cation, a widening and very decidedly progressive tendency in our " Upper Ten Thousand" to regard all for what they are, rather than for who they are — to look upon the cause of birth and title as already lost— to estimate public opinion, and the indigenous mind and character of a man, as alone capable of standing him in any real stand in his great battle of life, and to hold that— " It is not in our stars, but in ourselves That we are thus, or thus." In fact the feudal classes are giving up their struggle to sustain their position of superiors over vassals. They very manifestly regard the vantage ground of tradition as no longer tenable. The pressure of power, mind, social influence, is so much greater from below than from above, that the great organs of public though find it to their account to address themselves rather to the conciliation of the patronage of the masses than to the sup port of class ; and lords, like the rest, hasten to " worship the rising sun " of Demos. Ministers themselves begin to regard their patronage rather as a source of embarrassment than as an instrument of influence ; and a late Chancellor of the Exchequer is eager to publish the conviction prevalent among those who wield the chief issues of Government, that it would be far better for them if they had literally nothing to promise, and no favours to bestow. Perhaps it could not be expected that adventitious distinctions could eventually survive the liberty of speech and of " unlicensed printing," which are the diluents and solvents of all mere artificial and factitious distinctions. But we are principally moved to press upon public attention this marked but portentous change in the whole mechanism of life, as lived in a state of community, by the fact that mere population out lives and shoots beyond all classes which derive their position from tradition and conservative immutability ! In a crowd, of wealth, genius, inventive skill, administrative energy, literary inspiration, military achievement, -scientific attainment, ministering to productive material acquisitions, mere feudal greatness is lost. A Rothschild, a Titus Salt, a Stephenson, or a Cubitt, are seen to be so necessary to the very vitality and progress of the State itself, that beside them the Somersets and Marlboroughs and Buckingham become of very small account. The grim realities of existence are better seen in all their vast signiticancy as increasing numbers and the swelling muster-roll of genius and talent give their impress to society ; and the mere " guinea stamp" is felt to add little to the worth of the gold, and to be worthless without it. It is all too late to lament this chance — to discuss the relative merits of a feudal and a democratic dispensation. The predominance of the latter is not only a "great" but an '"accomplished" fact; and however incompatible it may be supposed to be with the theory of our constitution, or the monarchical form of our Government, the only useful conclusion which it suggests is the wisdom of addressing ourselves to the phenomena it presents, and its conversion and application to the stability and progress of the State. The million, if not possessed of more substantial wisdom than their ancestors, have more of that intelligence, knowingness, smart nous which imparts political power, dispels all allusions as to the mythical superiority of the nobility and gentry, enables them to know their own power and to combine and associate to the effect of acquiring a preponderating influence in public affairs. This is so distinctly felt by the other classes that all conspire to do homage to it: and. we see that it has become a general practice for Cabinet Ministers and leading statesmen to itinerate as lectufers to Mechanics' Institutes, young men's mU'lubl improvement societies and philosophical associations. We cannot, indeed, say much for their-efforts. Perhaps the Premier, is the best of them. Mr. Peel is lively enough, if not very instructive Mr. Gladstone is alarmingly prosy and trite, although straining' his convictions' in order to recommend his opinions tothe gobd'graces of the masses. We confess we were not prepared for . the jejeune common- place of Lord John Russell,- who told his " Exeter Hallery" nothing that the most superficial student of history and literature did not know before ; and whose conclusions from and applications of the facts he detailed were exactly the same as those which have been deduced from the like premises a thousand times before. It is rather for the mood and spirit in which these prelections are presented than 'for the intrinsic ability they display that they are- to be valued. They all indicate a conviction on the part of the " Corinthian capital's of' society " of the necessity of removing those conventional barriers which separate 'the various grades- of society from each other— of bringing the different classes together in the sympathies of'common kindly intercourse;- and Lord John Russells address is especially to be valued for its efforts to impress upon society the vast material advantages of virtue — the necessity of piety and a good life as chief elements in the progress and power of States— the imminent danger of vice and of the general distrust of all save mere material influences for the sustainment of society — the infinite significancy of the evangelical aphorism that " righteousness exalteth a nation." So long as feudalism was strong .enough to predominate in our social economy — so long as the principle of monarchy, sustained by and sustaining an oligarchy, could' hold power with an iron grasp, and make empire a rod to be wielded with inexorable energy and irresistible sway over the nation, the 'elevation of the people in morals and intelligence could be neglected without positive danger to the stability of constituted authority. But now that here, as in America, the people themselves govern — that all the privileged, powerful, influential classes themselves acknowledge, by their homage to the sovereignty of public opinion, that the nation itself rules itself— the conscience and the intellect of the people can no longer be neglected without immediate imminence to all and the certain ultimate ruin of the country. It is not mere know ledge and education, in the ordinary schoolmaster sense of the term, that will save us. It does not save America, or Germany, or Prussia, where of long years the " schoolmaster has been abroad." In fact, ' knowledge, which is power," does not direct us in the right use of it , and power 'without wisdom is dangerous rather than salutary.. It is of no use that God supplies the gift and mental light if the Devil directs its appli cation. Chartism was knowing enough, but it was not intelli gent ; knowledge is only the more dangerous if it be not guided by principle. This seems very trite, as most very true things are; but at this time its tritically is lost in its infinite significance. For now we have mastered nearly all the supposed' material aids to moral progress without being moral. Trade, commerce, manufactures, agriculture, thought, speech, action, are all free. Wages are high, and employment exceeds the supply of labour. The wealth, not only of the general country, but of each, especially the industrial class, has advanced with wonderful rapidity, and has become more eqully disffused ; taxation has been much more equitably adjusted than formely to the means of the tax-payers; science has ministered, with singular aptitude, to the health, comfort and happines of the masses: while machinery has emancipated the labourer from much degrading and brutalising employment. We are at the turning point of our history. Ourselves alone can save us. City after city, empire after empire, has risen, flourished, decayed— and the place that knew it shall know it no more for ever. Its very site is a controversy for antiquarians—and all its myriads of bravery, beauty, genius, splendour, masters and slaves, have become the ghosts and shadows of history. This they did, too, at the very great apex of their glory. They toppled over, and rushed down the steep declivity of ruin, from the very pinnacle of greatness. They were knowing without wisdom— they had riches without the prudence to make a right use of them — they were materially great and morally little, and the acquisitions they had not learnt to improve became the instruments of of their destruction. The corruption of luxury is eating into our hearts also— let us be warned in time. The great criminals in our capital that even now are under sentence or await their trial prove that vice and iniquity strut upwards to our highest places ; and the very history, of their offences is a record of self- indulgence and luxury that had to be fed by extravagance, and to . end in huge and appalling dishonesty. Even while we write the persons highest in social station in the North have, in the direction of the Aberdeen bank, been charged with the most sus tained course of fraud and swindling.- Nor can we say more for our masses. The records of our Police-courts afford afflicting evidence of growing depravity— a depravity which mere want of education does not account for. The domestic condition of our people is an index to their whole moral attain ment — and that is zero rapidly descending to chaos. As Sunday Hyde-park riots, provincial bread meetings on the Sabbath, manufacturing strikes, Sheffield infernal machines, rise into view, it is full time that all classes were moved to the conviction that each one of us in our degree is responsible for the offfences of society, and that whether responsible or not, we shall find that we are made accountable for the consequences: Our statesmen are to be commended for moving among- the people, sympathising with their feelings, and ministering to their instruction. A false system of nebulous and self- contradictory theology neutralises the proper functions of the recognized moral teachers of society, and calls aloud for an entire reconstruction of our ecclesiastical system; so as to command for the spiritual interests of society a class of teachers of far higher mental and oratorical attainment than we at present possess. Fox and Parker, Dewey and Martineau, Arnold and Kingsley, and Foxton and Newman, have done much for the higher order of thinkers ; but why are Thackeray and Dickens, and Hunt, Carlyle and Tennyson excluded from our pulpits, while prosy barren drones are made to set human nature to sleep over the drowsy platitudes of stale superstition ? It has been truly said that if we would change the world we must catch the young. The domestic misery, discomfort and depravity of our married life is a yawning gulf. Until we adopt the Spartan principle of education we can never hope to emulate Spartan virtue. The State ought to take possession of all children whose natural guardians are incapable of rearing them in the paths of virtue, or whose own lives are a scene of sensuality, wrangling, objurgation or violence. Take infancy from such wretches as daily figure at our Police Courts. Let them not be brought up to curse society with the practice of the base example set before them. The plan may be expensive at first ; but in a generation it will produce a race of men and women upon whom good men may safely build hopes for the regeneration of their country. Reformatory schools on the Mettray principle are, we are glad to hear, in course of being established in this country ; but the qualifi cation for these is precocity in crime. Something more is needed. Let us examine the competency of parents to rear their children virtuously, and deprive of that sacred trust all who prove unable to guarantee to society a good example and the inculcation of the principles of virtue No man has a right to rear subjects to become either a burden on society or offenders against its laws. If we would regenerate our country, we must begin with the infancy of its subjects. — Weekly Dispatch, November 25. A Voyage on the Thames Last Century.— Then a voyage up or down the Thames was an event to be well considered beforehand, and also to be held in - memory fdrlongaftcr.it .took place ; and, so important were' some of their voyages considered, that the daring travellers have, on certain occasions, by the'advice of numerous friends, gone to the expense of printing, and paper to place the particulars before " the public Tn 1738, j one Weddell, as we learn by a published 'account accompanied by four or five friends, determined upon a voyage front London to Windsor. A large store of provisions, wine, brandy, &c.;, was laid in, and after grave discussion, it was determined tliat they should start froin London at 7 o'clock in the evening, in order that they might , watch the break pf the day in the pleasant country. Their, vessel was a barge partly covered at. the stern", in the same manner as those of thie Lofd Mayor and City companies. After running aground, and experiencing some other alarms, the travellers' put into port at Chelsea fpr refreshment, when some of them are desirous to spend the night ashore ; this, however, is over- ruled. In the neighbourhood of Fulham they again landed about midnight and an account is given of this hostelry on the Thames, bank, thronged with persons of all descriptions, who are here, halting on their journeys of business or pleasure up and down the river. Here the travellers sup, and at the earnest, entreaties of the sailors, are prevailed upon once more to embark, in order that they may patch the remainder, of the tide. The daylight discovers them near Richmond : in' the. course of time,' find after calling at many parts, they arrive, nothing loath; at Eton, where they rest three days, the vessel in the meantime lying, up in hsarbour awaiting their pleasure Weddell employs the greater portion of his time.in writing the book of the voyage, and is anxious to proceed again to London by water, but is oVer-ruled by a majority of his companions, and they proceed; to town by chaise Conveyance, preferring the dangers and heats of the highways rather than trusting to those of Father Thames. . . " . The Cost of the War.— To those-who doubt the ability of the country to carry on a war at the cost of £80,000,000. or £90,000,000 . a year, as long, as shall be necessary, we would observe that, if England could bear taxation to the extent of £72,000,000 -in, 1815, . it would not be too much to say that we could, with equal ease, bear taxation now. to the extent of £100,000,000, when we bear in mind the increased population, wealth and trade of the couhtry. In 18J5 the income, assessed, to the. property-tax was 170,000,000 a year; now computing it upon the same basis, it cannot be less than £250.00000. Again, with regard to the extent to which it is pbssible to abstract from the capital of the country we "have had experience in the construction of iailwaya during the- last 10 years. \\\nmn, t!rerefore,-\ye. speak of our ability to conduct tlie war "it is obvious that," whether we look to doing so bv means of taxation or by loans/it is ample. " ' - it " The Czar and His Nobility.— The is a 'fflct, showing the repugnance which the majority of great Russian families feel to retuvh to their 'country. Measures of gretrt severity have just been ordered by the Czai against those who continue to reside abroad. In Livonia the estates of several noblemen who reside abroad have been placed under guardian ship, although their term of permission has, not expired. . According to, a communication lately made to the authorities; the Emperor is determined to put an end to the mania for absenteesim on the patt of the Riissiatt nobles. In case of any landowner remaining abroad without leave, the tribunals will manage tbe estates, and render an account of the revenues to the owners for one year;, at the expiratipn of which term the estates, if the owners still remain, abroad, will lie confiscated, unless particular circumstances can be brought forward to justify a longer delay being granted. Amenities of War. — -The Journal de Constantinople publishes a letter of the l4th. in which we read " The ' French troops are opposite the Russians along the whole line of the Tchernaya. A lew days since the French soldiers, put themselves along the line of the advanced posts, in direct communications with tbe ' Russian soldiers placed opposite to them, The plan which they adopted was this: — they hoisted on the ends of their bayonets some small white handkerchiefs : the Russian solders, not to be wanting in politeness, did the same ; thus showing that they were disposed for a conference. The.French soldiers thcid: . : showed their bread and coffeee, and the Russians their gourds' of brandy : and . then with common accord, . they . advanced- towards each other without arms, and . took their coffee and brandy together. It appears that this kind of recreation went on for some days without the knowledge of the French and Russian officers, The Gringalet Battery at times sent sonnet shot among these jovial "gentlemen, but that did not prevent the meetings from taking place. A few days since the General was informed, of the fact, and the most rigorous orders were issued to put a stop to such proceedings. The captain, who ought at first to have prevented them, has been punished." : A Fiery Gentleman and his " Dear Boy." — An action was brought, during last week, by a Miss Melville, a governess, who' had been employed in the family of a Mr. Fitchmarsli', veterinary surgeon residing at Bishop's Stortford, but who' was dismissed, as she alleged, without proper pause. . There \rtu» also ; a count fo,r slander. Mr. Fitclimarsh against the yrish of his counsel, insisted on telling his vown story in the witness box. He said " Miss Melville conducted herself well until April, and then I had cause to complain of her, for when J found fault' she put herself about, sadly. Once she was taking up coffee to my dear son, who was ill, it was spoiled, and not fit to enter the stomach of .my dear boy. I asked her to make , some tea, and she was sulky for several hours. Another time- I was going to dine at the Freemasons' Tavern with his Grace . . the Duke of Cambridge, and a scarf which I wanted to wear in a bow was not hemmed. She said I had worn, it before attd might wear it again. On another occasion, the door of the sideboard was open, and the plate-basket visible. I spoke to her about this, and she was Out of toinper about it. One day , ' I was going to take my dear, boy out on his pony, but I found ' he had a hole in.his. trowsers, and I -spoke to Miss Melville. r She said she could not sit up all night to mend his clothes. One day she helped herself to butter, and threw the. knife across the table so violently that if it had not been stopped by .the vinfegar cruet, it would have dropped on the ground. I told her she offorded a ba.d example to my darling children, and I called her a wolf iia sheep'E ' clbthing and a she' devil. The jury returned a verdict for the plainti iff, with dauaagcS V for the wrongful dismissal £18, and for the slander £75. . ; ; -T: 'J.- By recent experiments of Scotch and French chemists clay has befen discovered' to produce a metal having all the fine. . qualities: of silver, And much less ponderous. Froffl common lime, also, a metal is now produced quite equal to gold, except in this respect, that it docs not so entirely resist the action of air arid water. An iiriprovement has been shown at. tlie French Exhibition in lucifer matches. The two inflammable ' irigredients, which together are required to make up' the ignition "of the match, are now separajd. One';part lSl- retained in the match, the other lodged in the sand paper on , which the match is rubbed. This greatly adds to the safety 'of the use of this convenience. : v ' ; : Gretna Green. — The Carlisle Patriot states, that thisjfauicd hymeneal altar, unlike Bartholomew Fair in the eyospf Cop;- . ney (lom, has - n ot yet lost its attraction, for many are the / couples of ardent and anxious lovers that have visited it anil '' been made one by, Bishop Murray, of the Gate, durjiig . the . .week of the Martinmas; gatherings. It i&said; that bis. attend- . arice on the arrival of thb'- railway trains lias been " few and far between," as lie ; lias b'cen Unusually busy ; for, never did 'Carol Hiring '; send forth; a greater number .of anxious f de-! : votees eager to be spliced.. The village blacksmiths have ,alsq;. ;-; had a very fair share, "for Cabby cbntrrvCd, in many" instances,! tie Hook a number of fares. from the iron, road, and to elude the ':' . . net of Bishop Murray, thereby causing the blacksmith iripre :=i than an ordinaiy run of good luck. The village, during the; , week; has been all bustle, for no fewer than four or five gigs have arrived at a time, 'each bringing their quota ready and anxious ,to, be joined in the - holy bonds of mairimony. Good: trade in .'marriages,!, like everything, ejse, produces .'com petition, , and not un frequently blows, for it is said that cudgels , have been called: into requisition, mucli to the disgrace of those "I worthies," who, in their capacity of priests', should be men of peiice, so the 'uninitiated would suppose. But feuds are the order of the day, and" belligerent parties not unusually spring up among those assembled .in'tlie first .instance to witness the fun and frolic occasioned by such gatherings. On no occasion ; of the kind did ever a greater hubbub take place than on: .Saturday evening I s L, oa the arrival of. one of the trains, when the. rival parties met, and a regular Donnybreok ensued' -4-blaok eyes, blood noses, and broken heads being the order of the day. and even more brutal wounds were received, for an individual. of the number unfortunately lost 'a piece of his lip, and. although a vigilant search was made for the missing part oil. the following day by a sagacious neighbour, yet, it !is» still rion est inventus , and doubtless will remain so. This, however, did not damp the ardour of the votaries of Hymen, ' arid, each blacksmith, after filling his net, proceeded to -splice "the couples after his own pecnUar fashion, leaving them to consider for the next lialf year Whether this " hasty leap in ; the. dark," as Mr. Moi'rison has quaintly remarked in his :V treatise on: Gretna, marriages.- will be 'fratitrht with trood re- sults, and tend to their future happiuess.- -Weehly Despatch \- ' " a man may cry Church ! Church ! at everyword, . With no mbre piety than other people. . A dam'sAxot reckoned a religious bird x > Because he keeps a-caictny from a steeple.'-' 