THE CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. We havo Cape news to tlio 10 th of May. Tho Mer cantile Advertiser of that date romnrks : — The late rumors respecting disturbances in CafTrelaiul arc now proved to liavo boon wholly without founda tion. Thanks are due to the Governor for the readi ness with which this contradiction was given in the As sembly, 011 Monday night last, on the authority of tho latest official despatnhes. Accounts since then received confirm the assurances of the Governor, that the country has boon rarely iu a position of greater security. Tho following is a passage from a letter dated on tho imme diate frontier, April 30th : — y As f:ir as we can learn from private sources, there does not I appear tlio least indication of war am ma the frontier CaffVes. liit'e ami property seem securc. No thefts. If there is a plot, it is very ileep laid. * The writer goes 011 to say that one causc of alarm, tho number of Caflros seen leaving the colony, is owing to a rather large emigration from the Caflro settlement long since made, under authority of Government, in a part of tho (West) Beaufort division — tho Schietfonteiu CaliVo.s. Thoy arc said to bo leaving on account of dis content in that quarter. Perhaps tlie matter, although not affecting ' frontier' affairs much, is worth the at tention of Government. Soma absurd rumors are said to liavo got among tho Cafi'res relative to tlio results of tho Russian war ; tlio object of tho Burgher law, 11s preparatory to hostile proceedings against them, and othor matters of a like liinil ; but it does not appear that much, if auy, excite iucnt lias boon really caused. In the Legislative Council, .011 the Sth of May, the Colonial Secretary, addressing tho Speaker, said: — ' It will doubtless bo gratifying to tho IIouso to .know, and I liavo His Excellency's authority to state, that the in formation received from the frontier by Tuesday's post is most satisfactory, and shows that there is no founda tion for the alarming rumors which caused some anxiety on Monday last. Tho latest is from King Wil liam's Town, dated 1st Slay, where everything is re ported to be perfectly quiet, and the reports from tho officers there are most satisfactory. One of them, who is with Sandilli, notices tho existence of rumors of im pending danger, but refers to several rcoent occurrences, with which i need not trouble tho House, but which show distinctly that there is as yet 110 union or combina tion of trilvs as rumored, and I10 expresses his opinion to that effect. Another officer writes : — ' Nothing can be moro quiet than this district. Thero never were so nif ny applicants for employment on public works, and I havo just engaged nine men to work within tho ( colony.' ' This,' ho says, ' does not look like war,' aud ' all tho other reports arc equally satisfactory. The following appears in tho 'Frontier Times : — 1 Wo state at once that wo havo overy reason to. be lieve that tio'/langcr of immediate war exists, or is even apprehended. The season is not that usually chosen by the Caffre for war. Tlio lung-sickness has not yet visited tho country of tho Gaikas, and a war, as these people know very well, would risk the health of their cattle. Thero can, however, bo no doubt, as we think that messengers from Mosliosli havo lately been with the Gaika chiefs, and we believe that these chiefs have sent messengers to Moslies'n, and that a combination of Caffre tribes against tho white man lias been talked about. But this,_ we dare say, is nothing very new. Those tribes, _ it is perfectly well known, would drive tho English into tha soa if they could, and wo believe havo always been discussing the chances of being able to 'do so for years past. The Russian war has, how over, doubtless of lato given an impetus to these wishes, and causcd them to be regarded as moro easy of attain ment. Tho CaffVes liavo boon expecting to sec tho troops removed from Caffraria, and their doctors liavo boon inflaming tho warlike ardor of the peoplo by tell ing them that tho ghosts of tho prophet Umlangem, of Silambie, and other dead chiefs, wero fighting for tho Russians, and had occasioned tho reverses of tlio English in the Crimea. Moshosli, too, knows that his Excel lency will have no sympathy with him iu an unrighteous quarrel with President Boshof, and as a commando from the Free State has just been sent to punish one of his captains for his depredations, ho (Moslicsh) is perhaps trying to fortify his position by endeavoring to bind himself in closo alliance with the tho frontier CaffVes, so as to be able to act in concert with them against tho white man in South Africa, should an opportunity occur. We havo also hoard that several Hottentots havo lately boon seen in Umhala's country, visiting tho kraals, and that ono of tho sons of this chief lias lately visited tho station of a Fingo chief, having previously got a pass under some : pretence. Caffre servants aro also, it is said, leaving, some parts of tho colony in great numbers. In the Queen's Town district, great alarm has lately been felt, so much so indeed as to induce some of the farmers to go into lugers. Wo understand that they were under some apprehension of tho Tambookies. But all there, wo belivo, is porfoctly quiet, and tho Tam bookies, it is said, are embroiled in a quarrel with the Galekas. We repeat our belief that tho peace of the country is in no immediate danger of being disturbed. . . . In Caff'rcland we are happy to say that by tho latest accounts everything appears tranquil, and that no forebodings of nil outbreak aro felt, as far as we can learn, by any resident in that country. 