BE VIEW. I (From the Spectator.) , TJie Araucanian» ¡ or, Note» of a Tour among the Indian Tribe» of Southerm Chili. By EDMUND Rum, SMITH, of tho U.S.N. Astronomical Expedition in Chili. Published by Low and Co., London ; and Harper, Now York. These "Notes of a Tour among the Southern Tribes of Chili " have a closer resemblance to genuine travels than most books that haye lately appeared. Tho country itself hos been but little traversed ; the Chilenos or Spanish Creoles are primitive and pleasing in their manners ; the Indians, among whom our author wandered, singular in their customs, institutions, and modes of life. A good deal of the interest of the book, however, must be ascribed to the writer, who was attached to the American Astronomical Expedition to Chili. He has none of the rhodomontade or rhetoric which generally distinguishes his travelling countrymen. Experience and travel have taught him toleration for the ideas and cus- toms of other people. His own style "is equable, easy, and: not wanting in a spice of pleasantry. What is moro than all, he is a good observer. Wherever he comes he opens his eyes to the real ; and in the reality of the narrative, combined with the novelty of the subjects, the attraction of the volume consists. On tlie recall of the expedition, after three years'labour, Mr. Smith tendered his resigna- tion, in order to make a tour through Chili. Part of his .journey was over ground frequently described by others, and he gives no account of it. His narrative begins at Concepción ; whence he travelled in a south-easterly direc- tion to the Southern frontier of the State. Thence he'was enabled, by letters from autho- rity, to make his way among the Araucanians, or rather, as those Indians are independent and might be troublesome, to obtain the assist- ance of a man in the employ of Government, who was well acquainted with them and their habits. Mr. Smith was for avowing a liberal; curiosity as the motive of his travels. Sanchez at once objected to this, as very fine, no doubt, but lar above the comprehension of the Indians and sure to lead to the travelling party's being very quickly turned out of the country. San- chez's plan was a trading expedition, in which he was to be patron and our traveller a pilgrim of friendship.. Daring the war of the Chilian Independence, among other Royalists who sought protection in the midst of tho Indians, and with them fonght against the Republi- cans, was a subordinate named Vega. While thus engaged, he had lived in the family of Manin, who is now the most influential of the Araucanian chiefs; but the war coming to an end, he returned to Concepción; ?where he married and settled down. Ma fri«««skia with th« S«*»i*r\L wai h* fr*^v»«*Uj «jB»atitt«t«i S«*«h*a «»Q«t V«f«, «i|Mr«aat«c « groat. «I*. air« to Mm «r «om« of hu «Midi««. The odd oWef* wishes. war« at la»» to he gratified. ; tm. Sanche» had determined ta present ina as aaa of the »ons, under the sounding titi« of Don Eduardo de la Vega ; assuring him that I had come expressly to make him a visit in my father's name. The Araucanians are celebrated in American history for the obstinate, if not heroic, resist- ance they offered to the Spaniards ; they are, perhaps, more remarkable as being the only instance we can call to mind of savage tribes successfully retaining their independence for agents against a neighbouring, superior, and and civilized people, who made great efforts for their subjugation. Almagro, the companion of Pizarro, failed disastrously in his attempt upon the Araucanian Indians. Greater ability for organization than that adventurer possessed, backed by better preparation, have occasionally succeeded in cowing the Indians for a time, and founding towns within their territories ; but with no final success. '? The garrison and citizens possess nothing more than the ground they occupied. When the ability which had temporarily succeeded was withdrawn or be- came negligent, the towns were surprized, the inhabitants slaughtered or carried off into slavery ; and not the least impressive scenes in the country are the ruins of Spanish settle- ments, traceable only by the foundations and lines of street among the growth of the surround- ing forest. Courage and physical vigour, with a power of combining for a common object, rare among savages, were the primary means by which the Araucanian independence was maintained. Suspicion, or rather forethought, had something to do with it. They expelled, the priests with the citizens and soldiers after successful war, and they refuse to permit the establishment of missions even now. For the mission would be followed by houses, and houses by a fort and garrison; as they them- selves traced the process to a solitary priest on the frontiers. A league further on, we came to another brook called Malven, near which live a number of scattered ' Chris, tianos' (i. e. Chilenos). Here, also, there rosided at tho time an aged Dominican-friar, who for several years had been attempting to convert the Indians.- Though much reverenced, as priests always are, ' for his sacred charac- ter, and respected as a benefactor,-forby some know- ledge of medicine he had made himself extremely use- ful,-he probably could not boast a single convert, and was even regarded with suspicion. In vain he had endeavoured to gain permission for the introduction of a mission and the establishment of a ' convent of his brethren. Tho answer he received from the Indians was characteristic, and proved that former experience had not been entirely forgotton. " Father," they said, " whenever you wish to come among us, you shall be welcome to food and shelter: but if your bro- thers como, they will need land upon which to build a house ; they must eat, and we shall be obliged to give them cattle ; they will ? then need more land for their cattle : other Christians will coma to live with your brethren ; they too will need housos, cattlo, and lands ; thus you will become rioh, and we shall become poor,' and be driven out." '. The resisting power of the Araucanians, however, must be taken with some qualification. Their territory has evidently been curtailed on the North, and on the West, that ; is the sea- shore. Their form of government, or rather their constitution, may be described os a federation of clans. Each tribe has its own chief ; from these chiefs one is selected as head of a district. Tho district or county chiefs are called Toquis, and they form a council presided over by a Grand Toqui, who may be said to represent the king of a limited monarchy. In common cases he would appear to act of his own accord. In cases of emergency, he summons a national assembly, (possibly of chieftains,) were a jolli- fication follows debate, and tho legislators get very drunk. In war the council of peace is superseded by a council of war, whose presi- dent is really a dictator, except over life. To this vigorous institution, with the promptness and unity of action it tends to produce, the in- dependence of the people must mainly be ascribed. How much of Mr. Smith's exposition is theoretical, how much is actually practised how much , ho derived from obser- vation or living information, how much from Molina and other writers, who may have thrown some of their own imagination into their accounts-we do not know. If the description is to bo implicitly received, thc con- stitution is one of tho most remarkable that the world has seen. It is'probable that con- tact with Spanish civilization, whether warlike or commercial, has not improved the " noble savage" of Araucania : he seems to have some- what degenerated from his ancestors, who de- feated the conquerors of Pera. At all events, tho present Toquis and their Grand Toqui are rude and primitive enough. Chieftainship ap- pears to be essential to membership of the county or general council ; wealth is not re- garded. " The right man in the right place" would seem to be the motto of the Araucanians. Any chief, and even a Grand Toqui, may be poor ; which was the case with Don Eduardo's friend Manin. As the Araucanians have not advanced to the civilization of taxes, their chiefs enforce a voluntary assessment similar to that of the begging friars in Popish countries. This is the appearance and family practice of the head of the state. Wo found Mnnin-Hueno pretty much as we had left him the day before, except that he had laid aside his shirt, and wore instead an old tattered uniform cont of antiquated pattern, profusely embroidered with gold, and bearing on the button the Spanish arms ; a relic of the times, when, under the auspices of the Crown, he waged war against the Republic. It boasted a stiff standing collar, and was made to button to tho throat; butha wore it hanging open and loose for comfort, or for the display of his tawny breast and paunch, which were without covering. Most of tho women wero absent, probably on bogging expeditions; for wo saw one of them returning, her horBo loaded down with corn, potatoes, and a little of everything else. As before mentioned, the chiefs levy no direct tribute ; but when poor and with large families, they freqnently go tho rounds of their subjects, com- plaining of bad crops, hard times, eec. ; and contributions, though not compulsory, aro soldom refused to such powerful beggars. They also have a fashion of sending off the different members of the family on visits to friends ; thus quartering them on people who are glad in the end to send them home with some presont, in preference to enjoying their company. Polj'gamy is the custom of the country, and a man's greatness is measured by the number of his wives. The Araucanians are not a refined but they are a very punctilious people ; and each wife has a separate fire, when the ladies are not so numerous as to render such separa-; tion of hearths impossible. Though women j are not immured, nor any concealment os toi the number of ladies is attempted, it is not; etiquette to inquire after the number of a man's, wives : the mode is " How many fires do you ' burn?" As with many other peoples, it isa! custom of the Araucanians to carry oft* the bride by force, mostly with some understand-! ing ; occasionally the abduction may be real, but payment is invariably made. This custom seems intended as a delicate tribute to female modesty, and it prevails among, peoples with some touch of chivalry ; the lower savages sim ply sell. The Arancanians seem to have no religion, but they are very superstitious, Disease is attributed to a malignant presence, which it ia the business of the medicine-man to drive out, This, he always does ; but if the. patient dies it is charged upon destiny, or the artful magic of some enemy. Who th'i3 enemy may be, it is the function of the medicine-man to discover ; and a fruitful means of gratifying vengeance is opened to him. In both these practices the Araucanians resemble other tribes mostly more barbarous than themselves. Their religious notions and their idea3 of a future state are dim and indistinct. Tn ey place their Hades somewhere in the West ; a dream of almost all peoples, which may perhaps be accounted for by the fact, that population and civilization proceeding from the East, and that region being known by observation or tradition heaven was placed in the direction of1 the' unknown, and receded as population advanced. To the Greeks the Islands of the Blessed were fixed at last in the mid Atlantic ; the Arauca- nians have theirs in the Pacific. The following passages exhibit some of their notions in reference to death and a future state. Not far from Sanchez's house wa saw an Indian burial place ; but we did not visit it; for the Mapuches, unlike the' North American tribes, avoid the ' resting-places of their , dead, always passing them in silence, and with averted faces, and dislike to see strangers, especially whites, approach them. As there were many Indiana 'scattered about in the neighbourhood, wo did not wish 'to excite their suspicions. i There were said to be many buried here ; bat no mo. numents or other indications of graves wero to be seen except in ono instance over the resting- place of a cele, brated chief named Cari-Coyam (The Green Oak;. At both the head and the foot of this grave was an np. right forked stick, supporting a'transverse pole, over which was hung the skin of the chieftain's favourite horse, while a long bamboo lance, planted in the granad, with a little white pennant fluttering in the wind, de- noted the rank of the deceased. . The steel head of the lance, we noticed, had been re. placed by a nicely whittled wooden barb, quite as useful, no doubt, as any other in the spiritland. On the some principle, though the ' ordinary ' arms, and norie trappings are buried with the dead, in caso of articles of value, such as silver spurs, bits, and hsad-sutlli, wooden proxies are substituted. He would pro- bably get even a wooden horse to ride, were it not for the predilection . for horse-flesh of his bereaved relatives, who, though they kill the | horse, always eat the flesh, and allow the spirit to con- | tent himself with the skin and soul. It is, however, only on the demise of important chiefs, or men of wealth, that the friends are treated to a feast, for tho ghosts of the commoner sort are not supposed to ride ; on ordinary occasions, therefore, the funeral rites are few and simple. ; The corpse is exposed on an open bier for several days, during which time the friends and neighbours assemble to oondole with the bereaved family. It is then borne to the grave by the, principal relatives, preceded by« company of young men, who ride forward at full speed, as,though to prepare tho way for the deceased. In the rear follow the women wailing, rending the air irita their cries, and making every demonstration of the pro- foundest grief, while another walks behind the procession scattering ashes along tho way, to prevent tho deported from returning to his former abode. Tho body is placed in the grave in a sitting posture, with the face turned toward the West, the direction of the spirit-land. Tho saddle and arms of the dead »re placod by his side ; some provisions are added for the journey, together with a few beads, or a small sum of money, necessary to pay the Mopuché Charon. The friends then wish tho deceased a pleasant voyage, bid him good-by, cover up the grave, and retire. ' In tho coso of a woman the corcmonies aro tho same, with tho exception that instead of a saddle and arms, a distaff, or some culinary., utensils, ' are placed in the grave. It hos been asserted, that when a distinguished chief dies, ono of his wives is killed and interred with hint; but Sanchez assured me that no such' custom exists, though possibly some few cases of the kind moy nure happened. The Indians cannot tell tho exact whereabouts of their Styx, though they genoraliy suppose it is the ocean. Nor can they giro the location of their Elysium, which they call " Alhuè-Mapu" (Tho Land of Spirits). "How con wo tell," they say, " when we have nover been there Y Much less do they know of tho occupations of the saul after death. In fact, it is a subject about which they seldom bother thoir brains; for thongh they hBve »oms ill-defined notions that there is another life after this a chango of placo, perhaps, rather than of state-when questioned, they seldom fail to answer, " Chum pechy nai ?" ( Who knows ?) with tho same air of perfect blank ness which accompanies the Chilcno's " Quien sabe I" I could.not learn that they believe in any reward or punishment ofter death for the actions of this world; though they attribute much of tho good or evil fortune of lifo to tho pleasure or wrath of tho Great Spirit. Some fow thcro are that havo a confused notion of heaven end of hell, but Buch ideas have undoubtedly been acquired by occasional intercourse with Christian missionaries. . . Thc following remarks on trees and climate relate to a subject which, though often men- tioned incidentally, has not been so systemati- cally studied as it deserves. It is possible that by skilfully availing himself of vegetation, man has a greater power over .soil and climate than might à priori be supposed. Harsh climates might be modified by draining and defensive woods, and rain gradually drawn down upon parched districts where trees could once be induced to grow. Wo carno upon a beautiful undulating plain, covered with luxuriant grass, and scattered with largo oaks, it such short intervals that, as wo rode along, wo wort one-half of the'timo in tho'«bade. Theso oaks were noble, wiJe-spreading trees, and gave to the whole country, unencumbered ' by brush or undergrowth, the appearance of a well-tended English park ; but an occasional hugo trunk, charred by fire and ready to fall, or already prostrate, told the melancholy tale that these sylvan monarchs are passing away. The custom of annually burning tho grass-which is practised here as by tho North American Indians-is rapidly destroying the forests of Southern Chili; gradually giving to the plain the same appearance that it wears farther to tho North; and though it has been denied by thoso whoso opinions aro entitled to great weight, I could not escnpe the conviction forced upon my(mind, that the plains of central Chili were probably once covered with groves which havo disappeared in the sama manner-leaving tho fields deprived af protection, parched and desolate, causing the rivers to dry up, and thc springs to sink back into the earth. In such a climate, it has been urged, for want of rain and inoisturo in the atmosphere, trees could never hare extensively prevailed ; but tho effect has perhaps been mistaken for the cause, and this very scarcity of rain may be owing in great measure to the destruction of woods which once existed. Tho influence upon elimata of the clearing of extensive tracts is well understood in the United States ; and, what is more to the point, the opinion prevails among many of tho most intelligent people of Santingo, that rains are becoming percoptiblr of greater frequency in that region as the neighbouring plains are brought more and more under cultivation. DEATH OF PROFESSOR JOHNSTON.-This^ took place on the 18th instant, in tho 50th year of his age. " A Scotchman by birth," says the Sunderland Herald, " -» had for many years held tho Professorship of Chemistry in tho University of. Durham, and was unwearied in his efforts ns a scientific writer and lecturer, which bad prominently identified his name with the progress of chemistry nnd geology in this country, and with tue efforts of such bodies as the -Highland and Agricultural Society of Scotland for rendering those sciences more extensively avoilablo in the cultivation of tho soflv His ardour in the pursuits to which he had devoted liimself was evinced many years ago by bis proceeding to Sweden, and placing himself under tho immediate instruction of the distinguished chemist Berzelius, whose laboratory was famous as a school in which chemists of no^ small standing throughout the Continent, oswell as in tlus country, might hopo to increnso their proficiency. Of late years hisr*reputation had been rapidly advancing both -is a scientific writer and an analytical chemist His latest production, "The Chemistry of Common Life," in two volumes, did much to enhance his celebrity, by its clear and masterly expositions of scientific facts and reasonings. Wo understand that at the tune of ms death ho was engrg'ed on a work, corresponding inuits design to that last named, on thc science of geology.. 