JERSEY REFUGEES Our readers are aware that some dozen French refugees in Jersey have been summarily expelled from the island, and among others Victor Hugo and the members of his family, who united in declaration in favor of the writers in L'Homme, a paper published by a knot of extreme, and we may add sanguinary, republicans. We do not enter on the merits of the question, but merely desire to present specimens of the literature that has led to the exercise of' what appears to British men an arbitrary act. It is contended by many that the case of Peltier, pro secuted by the first Napoleon and de fended with such consummate ability by Sir James Macintosh, is the example that ought to have been followed. It is maintained that the law was equal to the punishment of misdemanors of the press, and that the forcible ejection of refugees was unconstitutional. But there may be a limit to endurance, especially in an island whose governor is endowed with despotic power, and whose whole population, in common with that of England, was outraged by the following, addressed to the Sovereign of the Empire by "the members of the revolutionary communion." They refer to Queen Victoria's visit to Paris : " What business had you to go to that man ? Surely you, daughter of Pitt and wife of' Coburg, you do not go to visit a Bonaparte ? You did not go to visit the ruffian of the Haymarket ?--you as honest a woman as a queen can be. You did not go to see a tyrant parvenu ; you, a constitu tional queen. You went not to visit the coups-d'etat maker-you, a parliamentary queen. What induced you to put your foot on that cursed galley ? You went to visit an ally; that is indeed a reason; and, there- fore, nothing less than that reason-that great reason-that reason of utility-of public necessity--which is called 'state reason'-the alliance is it not ? To surmount your natural antipathies, your legitimate repugnance, your contempt, and even your horror for such a host-who constrained you, firstly, to receive him at home, and then to visit him ; to put your hand in his hand; and your cheek on his check-to exchange your blue ribbon for his red one-your garter for his cravat-your roses for his violets- to treat him as an equal-as a sister does a brother-from Emperor to Queen ! Official attentions, political politeness, we know well are of no consequence, lead to nothing, as far as friendship and esteem are concerned, we grant ; but which, with such a man, are a violation to morals, and a stain on con science!" The fate of' Napoleon III is thus predicted, with every disposition to hasten its accomplishment :— "He shall be punished. Funds are falling and corn rising. The vapour from the blood spilt forms a cloud over the star-a cloud full of thunderbolts. Here is the lightning of Pin nori preceding the thunder of the people; listen to what the workmen without work say, that he was right in killing the Italian, as the Italian had missed him. And there look towards the west-toward the black city-in the vicinity of Angers, at the slate quarries. What is this sinister light, and this new rumor-unheard of, astonishing, frightful ? Whence this terror ? Certainly your ally is not a dreamer; he is not a man with foolish visions; he never heard the brazen trumpet--never saw the flaming sword of the archangel-never felt the pricks of con science-never believed in ghosts, in God, in the devil, nor in the turning tables; he has (we have already said it) neither regret nor repent ance. He eats and sleeps well, digesting his prey. He can have only the remorse of the brute, fear! Let him tremble, for he believes in peasants. 'This time it is not those returned from Cayenne-those escaped from Belle Isle -those landed from London-the red republi cans, the socialists, the reprobates, the eternals, the powerless enemies of order, of property; no, this time it is the peasant ! What? The peasants? "Yes, the real peasants; his peasants, the peasants of December, the peasants who elected him, whom he deceived, and whom he will de ceive no more! At last! Ah! Belshazzar! the handwriting on the wall . ....... "Pray to God,m adam, that he may have as much courage to suffer death as he had to inflict it . . The most cruel are cowards! Oh, expiation! Punished, punished by those he has sinned against! Come, there is no more love; the peasants are getting angry; the peasants shout ' Down with the Emperor!' Long life to Marianne (the guillotine). Long life to the democratic, social, and universal republic." 