DESTRUCTION OP VAUXHALL RAILWAY STATION. Tim Vauxhall Railway Station was totally destroyed by fire, on Sunday, April 13. ' At a quarter past 8 o'clock, thc ordinary business of the station was proceeding, and passengers we're in tho act of booking themselves for the suburban down trains, when a sudden alarm nf fire, arose, and the same instant it was discovered that a small anteroom adjoining the booking office, and used by tho clerk in charge, was in flames. In a very few "moments, tho fire had extended,to tho booking-otlice itself, and so remarkably rapid was its progress that the officials present, so far from being able to stay its ravages, were compelled to make a hasty retreat. From the booking office, which was situated upon a level with tho railway immediately adjoining tho down line, the fire spread rapidly to the platform, and within five minutes after tho outbreak, thc flames had nearly encircled the sta- tion on the dowu. side. A Twickenham train passed through after the fire broke out, and was followed by a Windsor train, which actually stopped to set down passengers while- tho station was in flames, the rapidity of the _ flames having prevented the officials from signalling all trains to stop. Mr. Godson, traffic manager at Kine Kims, was fortunately on thc spot when the fire occurred, nnd under his direction tho most activo mensures were taken for the prevention- of accident. Messengers were despatched to Waterloo to stop thc departure of all down trains, nnd the- wp trains were turned' ofF into tho Nine Elms station. Meantime, thc-fire continued to spread in every direc- tion, until the whole station was enveloped in flames. Thc roof soon fell, and tho intense heat from above and below hndlthe effect of fusing and curling up>the metals, so as to render it 'impossible to carry on the traffic last night. Arrangements were according!)* made to convey tho mail bogs and passengers in Omni- busses from Waterloo to. Nine Elms, to which station all passengers- fort- Richmond and Windsor were ' also directed. Beyond a dekiy of some couple of hours, no inconvcniencoîurose, and) not the slightest accident of any kind occurred.. Mr. Beattie;,]bcomot5vo superintendent, Mr. Crom- bie, the secretary, and Mr. "ionng, superintendent^at Waterloo, were all a* Vauxhall, shortly after th» fire broke out, where their presence had the best cflfot in allaying the apprehensions of the passengers r*id their friends. At teiko-fclbek-sovertnl gangs of platelc/ers were-at work under/the direction) of Mr. Beattie» who assured tho rcporter.that tho-line would bo inperfect readiness for the apiinail thifxmornmg, and th4* he interruption whatever* im the traine from W»«*loo would! take place. . ' *The ftte is believcdltoihanre ^n occasioned inisom« way orother bjvthC'gas. , ' \--:-7 -t. CosawcmATio* OF TI* BISHOP op CArtLTsint-Yes terd»y.momirigíthe»^,b,l. and Rev. Pr. HenryMon- tague Winers, off GViBt Church, Oxford, late-aeator of St. »Storge's, Blr-'nM&u;'y» was consecrated! to the Bistoprio of Carole, rendered Tacant by th©<dbath of the Right Re*- Hugh Pcrc v. The ceremony took plane.- in the- <Shnpell Boyal* Whitehall, which waa crowded în^'ery pne<t, many of the nobilitybcihgpre sentt. Pr-y«1* were read by the Rev. Mr. flbnes, and a GESTNON A-aa.pneach(xI by the Archbishop erf*'TSbrfe, in in»-wh'*e paoKince täte' diocese of Carlisle- ia. situated. I3j.Jrace oftcrwaeiSv went to the altar w-fttre Dr. Vil lipt, vested! iru a rochet, was presented t»i hita by two rtnfiagan bishop*. The Queen's mandata'hading been read, and thc bishop elect having read trte-oath touch ihg:tho acknowledgment of tho Queen'!*- supremacy, he was. admitted Sato the episcopate by tiio-imposition of,'hands,, the Archbishop of York sayihgj.'** Receive tho-Hiuiy- Ghost' for thé" office and woi ofi'a bishop in tho chinch of God now committed unto thee by tho ünpoiüáoR of our hands, in the namo-of ' the Father, andi of the Son, and of the Holy GhvMt. Amen. And - , remember that thou stir up thc graea of ' God which is ; givtm the© by this imposition of aw hand», for God hath not given ns the spirit of fear* but of power, and j Imo, and soberness." Dr. Villi*»» who is a brother : off the Earl of Clarendon, her Majesty's Principal Se- cretary of State for Foreign Afñriív and n brother-in law of Sir G. C. Lewis, the Chancellor of tho Exche- quer, will not be entitled to Si scat in tho House of Lords until a vacancy arises itt a see- other than Can» terbury, York, London, Durham,, or "Winchester. His Lordship has appointed MT.. Lee, of Queen Anno's Bounty-office, to bo his secretary, and tho Rey. T. R. Birks, M.A., rector of KelshnU, to be his examining chaplain. SHOOTING AFFAIR.-Thc Nevada Vemncrat says that Garret Ahem was shaï. and it is thought mortally wounded, in Grass,.Valley, on Saturday .,ight last. Ahern was very much intoxicated, and about cloven ' o'clock at niglit went to the house of John Clark, a neighbour, and commenced abusing Clark's wife, Mrs. Clark wont . to the door,. and_ Ahern struck nt her with his list, but' did not Hit her. Upon this a pistol was fired, the ball from which struck Ahern near the left eye, and entered thc head. He was living at last acconnts, but little hopes are enter- tained for his recovery.1 Mr.'Clark was arrested on the charge of firing the pistol, and' is now waiting the result of tho wound inflicted, upon Ahern. ? A pistol was found under Clark's pillow after his arrest, which had Leen recently discharged. . " '.' ?<? ? 