REPRESENTATION OF THE WESTERN ! BOROUGHS. i MEETING AT BATHURST. . _ fFEOM A. CORÛE8POSDENT.3 A meeting of* the ( electors of the Western Boroi was held on Saturday evening last, in Hrs. Whitl -long room, for the purpose of affording Mr. JamesJBy an opportunity of giving ^a^lj^erpression to his» ments. Soon after-half- pastseven. o'clock, tha r legan to fill, and'by nñanlmousjconsént Mr. H. Rorrox wai called to the chair. ' ' ' ' In opening the 'meeting, the chairman' said he, obliged to _the ' parties" present for the honour confai upon him. and he would éri'deávóur "to;,act impartial! the position irv which'they had placed him/ He t read the advertisement by which toe meeting hod I convened,-and stated that Mr. Byrnes had called tl together in order that they might hair his polit views and to give them on opportunity of asking 1 any questions which might be, deemed necessary. ? hoped that they' wónld conduct 'themselves1 with ] priety and hear Mr. Byrnes patiently, and if any ol electors besides Mr. Byrnes Khould address the meet he hoped they would abstain from all unfair, and proper personalities and be. heard, with. patience, fairness. He then introduced Mr. Byrnes to the meet who, upon coming forward, was : greeted with a cor welcome. , Mr. BntüEi said, it was the first time in his life t lie had ever personally solicited the suffrages of any h of electors excepting two occasions, when', be appen as a candidate for the county of Cumber] and" addressed" them from" the hustings ; ~ but. ] viona ta ' tha ' present election he had never t vassed on his own' account, although he" had reponte done so on behalf of others; however,- he now appea .before"them! for the purpose, of enunciating his. ç political opinions, and,'to'give,tliom an opportunity questioning ^im apon any points on which they mi) . .wish to be informed. "Hp hoped they had met on cc roon ground, as one thing was certain, they ought - all have ono object in .view, namely, that of sending tho b men into the Council as their representatives ; "and if ai they had bearii him, they: should.ho of' opinion that? I .principles he held.wore good and calculated to prom the best interests of the country! he hoped to be return Bat if, on the other hand, they thought -his views wi not sound, and returned Mr. Holroyd:as tho best- man, should not be offended. > He would take that opportun of saying, that if ho had been the first man in the. iii and had secured the promises of a large number of I .electors, before any othercandidate came forwardro another gen tloraan afterwards solicited their suffrages; ] as a matter of principle, would release all who h pledged thamsolves, to bim and give'them an; opporl nity. pf yoting for the host man. He.'did hot appear bofe them merely, to.. secure?a seat , ih.' tUe" new Council .that... wfts^.,,not; .neoessary-as, : ^ríthout difHcul [he could have obtained a'sea$J for 'Parramatta,'the toi 'in- which¡he had spent'nearly thé wbole.of his tim» ai tWhere at tho present moment tho electors were conten ing for him, determined if .possible to have him atf thi rnomber; hut, notwithstanding : this flattering circuí stanch,* he had chosan ruttier to contest the election i Bathurst; lie had accepted the invitation of many of/tl .electors of the Western Boroughs because he'hod foi .long time post watched tho conduct of their late repi aentatiye, Mr. Holroyd, in the Council, and from il 'coitrHo wh'ioli that' irehtleman: hid pursued ho believi that tho'yiows'and,interests of the electors of Ilathui were hot1 proporly' represented.' He (Mr. Byrnes)- hi therefore coma forward to opposo him in'the eon toi which was only now -commencing.- He must say th Ít.',Wa3('noíthor"fafr' to' him' (Mr. Byrnes), ¡nor to/"tl electors,' thht'Mr! Holroyd should have been' so long): [tho field without publishing a statement'of bis politic "views, as ft wäVtheTiüty,ofVair>splring~to bo statesm« to lay,' before their' constituents in particular, and tl country in general... a . olear and explicit deolan tion, of their leading political opinions.. It ha been ' asserted' by 'some'; of ? ? his1' opponen that . he_.(Mr. ^.Byrnes) "would ' never "show 'his; fae in Bathurst, Riving aa, their reasons for saying"sbr thi he was afraid,. that, lie had not tho ghost of a'çhnnçi and that he, bad, hotter go ' and.'hang himself. (Her some little confusion to'ojc 'place occasioned'by tbe erie of. thc opposition, nná.Mrjjiyrnos claimed.'the right t ho heard as ho was ona ..of..tho.electors.) ".. The snenke .then said, - that Mr. Holroyd, Inmsolfi had excoquod hi friuu'U in liberality, and had pffered to givp him a nuwi ber nr, votes, and pay all his, 'expenses. during tho eleotio: for the sake of having the. pleasure of beating' him.' H (Mr.llyrnes)lm<l nothing to.aoek'fprfronithoGovQrnmen \--he was no place hunter-by tho'sweat , of his brow h had earned his monoyvauu .haying, á groat stake in th country he would not giyo up any. af his political right anil if. they, thought, io put him],,down by clamour, the, would find themselves mistaken., iHis' printed, addres had for somo timo benji boforo tho .electors, and in] tha address.he had briellyV8tated...his.views on 'somo of th leading questions of the day.7 Ho,would now direct their attention to the cons'titdtton umldrwhich the newParlia ment is töjbo"" formed. J¡T\i&TolaotOTS; rncr doubt had al Wen the votes Vhiqh had becinJrocofded ón that questior Iduring tho' sitting;!,bf the latQ.Coun'cil;.'' They had hean from Mr. Holroyd tlikt. Uiero was hp Hb'miheoism in'tlie New,Conétî(ution,.b'ut that, the: Upper House'' was to bi summoned or appointed.'; Suèh; indóod,"wero the wordf of, the hill, hut when'. Mr. Blartin moyëd'îri tho' Councf for an. Elective Upper.House'Jthô'jhbtloh'1 was' lost, and Mr. Holroyd was ono' of those, who ,votod against,it, il was ' therefore very clear that her (Mr.-Holroyd) was in favour of a nominated -rather than an Elective Uppei House.. It was generally admitted that one of the worsl features of tho case was to bq found in fho fact, that the fi rut ministry (which was 'not'likply. to remain in office for moro than a fow days) would with the Governor Appoint the Upper House for the first five years, and at the 'expiration' of that"term'tha -members of- thal House would take their seats- for life,'if therefore, they (tho electors) wera prepared ' to bear such, an incubus quietly they had ¡bettor^end In'Mr."Holroyd » but he thought they woro not, prepared to put up'with BUch a measure, as ' they '*' had' ' already petitioned strongly .against it. ___He_jvould_nqw_refer to the two-thirds majority clauses whioh ho thought. were not generally understood..: Thorp were in fact two two thirds clauses; thu first of whicbireferred entirely to the electoral' distribution: of-representative members under the old Act. (I/o hore read tho followingoxtraet from elauso-15 of the New .Constitution Act.) . "Provided always that'it shall not be'lawful to présent Ito rthb Oovorhór' of the' colony,' for ber* Majesty's assent, any bill by 'which the number pi- apportionment of repre- sentativos in 'tho Legislative Assembly may;- be altered,' Unless the second 'and'third 'readings'of such bill in tho legislative"Council,' and' tho . Legislativo Assembly respectively, 'shall' .have been passed with tho concurronco of n majority of tho mcmbors for the time being of thu said Legislativo' Council, and of two-thirds of ' tho ' member* for the-time being1 of the said;Legis, lative Assembly; and "the assent 'of her Majesty shall not bo given to a.iy such hill; unless an address shall have been presented by the legislative Assembly to tho Governor stating that such' bill 'hos'been' so passed." They (tho people) would find it quito impossible to alter or amend that Act, so as to give more members; to tho more thickly populated ' ' parts ' of ' tho . country, I unless they sent into tho new Council : men who: wore fully prepared to oppose' 'this' clausa . to j tho utmost, for it 'niust '-'he' borno ; ia mind that it must bo'two-thirds-'not' merely bf tho: members present when' tho1 matter should be brought' bofore them, but it must be'1' two-thirds of the members' for tho time being of the said'legislativo Assembly." " It, was not nt all probablo that any member of the former! Council who then voted for the bill,'and who how says ho is prepared to givo it a fair trial, would vote against it if it should be brought forward again.' And what 'would: bo the conséquence of this moasu'ro î Why.the squnttages would havo in perpetuity tho large amount of influence in the Hnttso which they have hitherto enjoyed; to the darnall! of tho large massed of the'population. In tho past political history of the colony, the squatters on nil tho great questions of the day have been with tho Go- vernment, and tho Government with them, so much so thnt tho popular andlibcrat-members of the House could do but little in , the way of opposition, ' and thia stato of things could not be altered, unless men bf liberal views were returned ns the representatives of tho people. The great object of this clause was, that these lords bf, vast domains should hold their lands in perpetuity. If thév (the electors of Bathurst) wished t» have their land's thus locked np, they should ' send Mr. Holroyd to represent them. (Cries of '. Wo will," and cheers for Mr. Hoi-' royd.) Well, if they were determined, they might do so, but if ho (the speaker) did not obtain'a seat for Bathurst, ho should for some other, place, and then he should bo prepared to exert himself to the utmost to smash nil tho objectionable parts of the New Constitu- tion, and he would tell them that if they refused him they would refuse ii good man, for he was em goad terms .with himself. Mr. Byrnes here passed a high encomium on Mr. Wentworth, whom ho mentioned as his old friend -a man of a ma.ste»" mind, and one who could grapple with any subject (no matter how great) that might bo brought before the Council, hut at tho same time ho must say that like many other great mon he was not without his faults. He (Mr. Wentworth) was ono of those who supported this two-thirds claude because he was n large squatter, and on the Imperial Parliament giving the I^gisfotute. of the «donj power"'tp «"¿ be said .« that all was lost,1." The second thirds clause had reference? toNthe ; jd ten of the Kew Constitution, and he "would a remind them that the two-thirds required was not thirds of the members present at the time of discos; but two-thirds of the whole of the members, whetht or out of the House at the time, and therefore the gre the monstrosity of the clause. He would ask t whatthere was in the British Constitution, or in Constitution of. any .pf the. colonies of .Britain, that ci be. said to be assimilated-to ibis'; and he would ren them that all these clauses had reference entirely to great monopoly of the lands of the colony. He refei them . to > the Political Witness, that they might .' ay tain what steps had been taken to obtain more mern! for this populous districts of the colony ' and how < had been defeated, and said that those steps were ta in ordar that the great; influence the squatters hel the House might be ? counteracted for the general gi He (Mr. Byrnes), had, no feeling contrary to the . rights of the squatters ; connected as he: was with all great interests of the colony, ho could ' hot attemp throw down one for the-sake of elevating another ; was one of those who looked lipon the pastoral into: as the great interest of the country. .They (the squatti had done much towards making the colony what it \ by the growth of wool, tallow, Ste. At the same ti he was aware- that they bad made a good bargain v the Government, and he thought they could afford display a little liberality to the colonists if requii He had sou' they had made a good bargain, arid all t were entitled to.under that bargain they should rece at his hands ; he was prepared to carry out fully all engagement» entered uto with them by the Governriu The - squatting interest, however, was not near dangerous , to the; best interests of the colony as t monster of iniquity the pre.emptive right, system, which tens of thousands of acres . of land had bi looked up-land which'would have been', occupied settlers, and have produced-that grain for which we 1 been obliged/to j send our ,money to foreigners. , J attention was first directed to the greatness of the ( at the time of the great flood at Gundagai, at which ti he was in Goulburn ; and having business ,wb required his own superintendence he stayed thero fo considerable' .'period; In consequence of i flooded stato of the country, the magistrates'were i able to get in to .town to attend to the duties of I Court.- At this tinte'a land sale was held,'over'wh he as a magistrate , of the territory presided, ' and should think there were not less than fifty persons tb who had employed the surveyors, and who were there j purchase the land 'advertised for sale. . There was large estate on that sido of the country; which' gave ( owners some seventy'sections of pre-emptive right lan I arid somo. of the land advertised 'for sale -had be ! selected from these lands. One lot was advertised for sa and when put up after the' 'descriptions had been give I the clerk said he .had ^received'orders''to withdraw A plain, sensible countryman then como forward, a said, he considered ,it was a very hard casé; he h caused tho land to be surveyed and' put up for sale, a after riding many miles to attend the sale on that di he received the intimation for tho 'first time, that t land . was withdrawn,' and . be thought ho .n very hardly dealt with.' " Another case of t samo description' occurred on the 'same ' di After tho. sale he" enquired of '. the' ' cle tho reason of the withdrawal, arid was shown a lett from tho Colonial .'Secretary's office, ordering tho wit drawal of the said lands, because they formed part of t pre-emptive-right lands of two wealthy and influent landed proprietors in that part of tho colony. ' He (a! Byrnes) had .'written-to parties in authority upon t, subject, but could not obtain any redress for the parti concerned.' - This was the first timo ho had bean mi» fully scnsililo of the; great evils resulting from the pi emptive right system. The great difference betweon tl two systems was, thai the squatting regulations carno us as the.order of Council, while tho pre-emptive' rig orders were merely the orders of tho Colonial Secretar .Many poor persons in the colony, especially of tho frorii the sister isle, wished to obtain small blocks of lat upon which they may build themselves homos, ar settle down with their families ; at the same time th< aro ,iu the habit of sending, money. home for tl purpose.'of bringing out.their.friends whom they wh to, -sea settled ,' in tho saine way, but' undi tlie existing land regulations their wishes and desigi are thwarted. He'further said, that if sent into t! Council, it was his.design, to endeavour to get the lan surveyed in quantities that the wants of all might I supplied, arid any person might be able to select a sp< for himself, and by paying'dówn the cash become lord < tho manor without , competition. ' (A Voice : " Yo ought to have been here sooner,") 'Then, when all th pre-omptiyo right lands wore sold, if there was still , demandée, must full back upon the available lands hel hy tlie squatter." , A' great, ' outcry had been raised tilt thero was'a large quantity of the .'squatters' land nt worth a farthing per acre,;' and yot somo of ^ them coul sell their sheop well, if the, land went with them. Fo instance, a person with' 50,000 sheep could sell them : fe £50,000, and allowing the 'sheep to be worth 10i. each, the would, leave 10s. per acre for the land said not to be wort tba .smallest coin of the,realm. His plan, was to let th squatter hold all Iiis lands'till they, were wan lid for th millions tha't!rnust ono day,occupy thia vdst^eriipire. H thought they, might haye had., reason' 'to" 'complain ' a being made td pay so iriuch for grass, which if it had nc been eaten'would have : boori' uselessi; but he would le thom liavo all the gross, and only ask them' for the lam whon it was required..' With' ref^'reri'co to railways' b was a great advocate for that means of communication and tho ol'toficr ho joiinieyod'over tho mountains,, th. more, was ho convinced bf ,tho absolute necossity of rail ways; but he ¡waa annoyed and'astonished at the.pro fligacy displayed ,on tho play-toy from '.Sydney" to Farra matta, arid although the present Governor was' a man o vast scientific attainments, yot if'ho bad all' tho monej bo would expend on railroads, a 'debi would bo incurrec which the lands of the colony would hardly ever be abb to pay--that was, if the samo profligacy was . mani fested. i What ' ] would bo' ' the effect 'on Nen South ' Wales ' 'if.' every ' 1-4,'. miles ¡of' railroiu cost half a million of money ? Why, ' in [addition t( having our tea arid sugar taxed, our .very noses would b< taxed... Still,' under, proper management' and judicious control, ho was an advocate for the extension of railroads He would now show therri a dodge of Mr. Holroyd's or tho quostion of railroads-by referring to tho. Political Witness from which it appeared,', that "on: the 20tl .November tho Auditor-General moved that a sum ol £000,000 be voted for tho construction of railway s in thc year lb6l}.4 : An; address, praying tho Governor-Goncral to place this sum on- tho estimates had been previous!) carriod on tho motion of Mr. Holroyd, but on this ricca, sion that ? honorable member was absent on Govern- ment business ' at Moreton Bay, hones the fate which awaited the ; proposition far voting the money> On a division thero were ayes.ll and noes ll. /'Tho chair- man gave his voto with-the noes arid declared .the ques- tion to have been .carriod in tho negative. Had Mr. ? Holroyd .' been ? ., in his , . place . it . . is -.. not improbable he . would have , voted , with ; the ayes, in which, event . the; motionr would .have .been carried by a majority of ono ;" ;so that if tho .voting that' ' £000,000 would hayo ? boen of,any , service to, tho colony.it was lost purely by the absonco of Mr.;Holroyd who-was earning some eighty guineas ut Moreton Bay. He would ask. ithem where Mr. Holroyd was when tho tax upon tho tea and .silgar was voted, and why he was not tben in his place, but the instances in which; Mr.; Holroyd's political career would :not bear scrutiny were] so numerous that for the . present he must, lcavo that subject. Mr. Holroyd promised to , do great ; things in! moving to get ' cheap law for tho people, . and in ono' instance he had taken a step in tlie right direotiou, but he afterwards drew back because in ; the establishment of county courts attorneys as well as barristers would be allowed to act, and.thia was a-j-esult to bo dreaded because in that case. ." Othello's occupation would be gone." There will be haon in tho new Council who will' work for. tho /general good, and if he ' were . there,' he should bo with them in all tho great movements of tho! day, they would find him-(A voice: " where we always found you.")-aye, on the right side. Acting always on principio, be was never afraid to look any man in tjje face.- Ho bad a groat stake in the country, and it would bo his business to act at all times, whether in or out of tho House, for the general good of this great country, ?«nd for the individual good of nil the people, whether high or low. All ho asked for at their hands was fair play, and if they thought he was the best man, they would send him as their representative. Ile did aspire to tho honour of a seat in the Council because os an ar- dent lover of the lond of his adoption he was anxious to seo measures adopted that would tend to advance its greatness; - With reference to education, ho was person- ally favourable to a national system that would meet the wants and exigencies of the country. He then related an anecdoto illustrative or the deplorable ignoranco in which many of the children of tho colony had been roared, to shew the necessity of somo general system of education under which the children may grow up respect- able members of tho community. He was convinced that if education wns moro universally diffused the gaols, lock-ups, and constabulary might to a great extent be dispensed with. At the same time, he was not opposed to tho denominational system in large towns and populous neighbourhoods. * He would a-t liberally to these institutions, and would place tho roaster above wini t, that he might become more rpspected and respecta- ble. Again, ns regarding religious endowments, he was idecdedh/ favourable ta (he voluntary system, H« \ ppinioñ that religion was in itself so good it need« io be rapaported by the State.. -The people would much/more interested in the matter if they knew their ministers depended upon them directl their support Some ^parsons seem to imagine because they do not contribute personally to port their . ministers that therefore they not supported by them, but by the Governr but the fact was that they were taxed th's " heavily' to" make up the amount of revenue-reqi While he knew that the Dissenters of? the presen could and did support their own pastors) he thanghi the other Churches ought to be able to do so. A same time he was' aware that all men did not'think did on the matter, and while the majority of the coi were in favour of State support, he felt that it wa dury to yield to that ' majority, and dd all he con! them, and in" all these mattera - he -;sbould-act principle. While on this subject, ' he would-direct" attention to a speech of Mr. Holroyd's, delivered1 ii Council at the time the'subject of a stipend for a Je reader was brought under the notice of the House", that occasion he said " He agreed with the honoi Colonial Secretary, that if this sum was voted they w be liable to be appealed to for a similar sum for . the, sect of Mahommedans that might arise. For his ; be would like to see a larger number,.of Mahommei in the country, for all- kinda of 'lal whether domestic or agricultural - j or easy, no 'better servants could ; be fat and in respect of comfort or ease, there was no clas the community-, who could content themselves, and so submissive under all circumstances,' as the Mahon: dans. .' His' honorable friend seemed startled . at thought of their Mollahs,' but he (Mr. Holroyd) ? w< be glad to see their mosques and minarets erected in city. Among all class of Christians he had met n he had never Been so much truth and piety evinced practised, as he had seen among the followers Mahomet." And he (Mr. Byrnes) was prepared to-pi that he said further on that occasion if ever' he ( Holroyd) changed "his religion, fae would 'beóom Maboinmedau. He would ask them'what they" thot now of their Mahommodan member- of the mah'1' would turn off the English, Irish,' and, ^Scotch :for sake of getting men who would be mere serfs 'and submissive under all circumstances.li So much for .man who boasted that he had travelled In ' the Xast boen immersed in the-waters of Jordan,' ' After ha\ taken up so much of their time, he" bogged now,'tb' i mate that-he wa« prepared to answer any questions.t might wish to put' to him. (A hearty, and geni cheering followed this announcement amidst which '. Byrnes sat down.) . ? >???? .'i?. i-. < Mr. KENNA, an eleotor, then came forward and. said bad a few questions to propose: to Mr. Byrnes, but as (Mr. Byrnes) must bo exhausted after, such, a 1 address; ' he wished him to be seated while he answei Mr.'KESMA: Will you, if. elected,' ti eat every sect of the community on equal terms t ? Mr. BYRNES ." I'will. . ' ;' . Mr. KENNA : Hare you changed your principles sii March 31st, 1855 7 Mr. BYRNES : No. : > Mr. KENNA : Did you, in the Herald of that date,.i that you had' a' friend who was a priest who attem card-playing, whiskey-drinking, and night-dancing f ? Mr. BYRNES :' Do you wish me - to ' go into t question? - . .. - Mr.- KENNA J ; Say yes or nor-. Mr. BYRNES : I am prepared to answer the quest! but if I do HO I shall take my own course, and you mi take all the consequences of my doing so. - It was at length agreed thai Mr. Byrnes should into the whole1 question, and he said' when he came Bathurst he believed - that a pastoral .? letter of excellent character, which had been sent to the Churcl by Archbishop 'Polding,' would have'enabled him appear before them without being obliged to introdu religion into politics. He was of opinion that any ni who would make religion; a subject of dispute in eh tioncering matters was a traitor to his country, .and any man,' through bigotry, ' could in tintes like t present, make, it a matter of question, he was no fríe: to the community in which he lived. Tho matter ni referred to had-been buried in oblivion in Parromati and tho' Bov. Dean ' Coffey had 'boen ott friendly terr with him (Mr. Byrnes) for the last eleven months, ai at tho present time wished him success in' this electioi ho had also, within the last three month», (as a mark his esteem) presented him (Mr. Byrnes) with a doc mont worth 'ten thousand such documents' as that nc i in the liarid ''of 'Mr. . Kenna;-.. in ? a "iword, 1 '.had presen ted _bim with a copy of tho''Douay Bib] He would now" proceed to . answer" the; questio Thero was a benevolent society in' Parramatta, and son I eight or ten years ago an attempt was made to make it , sectarian affair. . .However, he opposed tho measure mo heartily, and his opposition was successful. In the ear j part of. last year a public meeting was held in behalf i ' that institution, and he. was requested to take one of tl resolutions. Ile did so, and from tho records of tl society he found, that. one. section of. the comraunil received Trmuchlarger-share of the advantages of th institution than all tho others, and, at tho same time, s a body they paid much less than any of the others. Iii therefore, in perfect good feeling And without any desig of casting a slur upon that body, but purely with a deslr to stir them tip1 to a larger.display of benevolence ta thei poor brethren,' mentioned tho facts of ' the case as the were recorded. Xor instance, upon drawing up'an ann lysis of tho whole affair he found that two- thirds of th paupers [ who were' relieved by: '"the .' institution - wer Roman Catholics ; and that while the members of tb Church'of England paid £2 odd, ' the Presbyterians £: odd, and tho Wesleyan's £i odd, for every member o their respective churches' which received ralief, th members ot. tho Roman Catholic Church - on!; contributed 3s. 9d. per head towards tho support of thei] paupers. He thought it was his duty to mention thesi facts at tho meeting, and. he did so with perfect .honest; of purpose/and without any design of creating an un i pleasant feeling. A few days-after the'meeting sorai person excited Dean ' Coffey to address a letter to hin I (Mr. Byrnos) through the press, and that letter was nol couched in tho most gentlemanly terms.' He (Mr I Byrnes;, ns a matter of course, replied, and snbsequcntlj several other letters were addressed'to bim through thc same medium, containing longuage'of a most low, scur. riloux, oud abusivo character; those letters he afterwards traced to their source, and found that they were from the pens of laymen. Ho would also take that opportunity of saying that, withia a week from that date, ho and -Dean Coffey met in tho street and. agreed to forget'theil differences, and from'that time had been as good friends as evor. ''? > . .». - ','»' . . .. « ? 'Mr. KENNA 'then asked-Did- you say that you had a friend, who you believe had a commission , in the army, who -married ?'a -! Catholic lady and she afterwards poisoned bimi .-> r. ? ?>? ' -' Mr. BYIINEH. said that the letter had his signature attached ; ho had written it, and it was true.. ; Mr. BYRNES asked if the paper from which Mr. Kenna was reading was written or printed, and.-was answered written. He said ho asked the question < because he un I d erst oed that Mr. Holroyd had lately. 1 written to Dean Coffey, requesting to bo furnished with a copy-of. the correspondence;- :The Dean would not-Buppljr-it, and Mr. Holroyd had signified his intention-of having OOO ' slips of that correspondence printed for distribution in Bathurst.' |He (Mri Byrnes) had ; many: warm friends j among tho Roman'Catholics, and some of his present I servants, were, parties who badbeen assigned to him' I thirty years ngo who would neveVIeaye'him, but would, do any thÍDg-,to serve him. * ,Ho' would mention one, other fact, that was, that he novar mado any distinction ' with his servants, but it .was with him a point of duty tn. seo.'that- they all attended their several places of worship on the. Sabbath - day. .He thanked the friends who had hitherto supported him the electors present for the patience with which they had! listened to him-and - concluded by- moving a vote of thanks.to the chairman for the' ability and impartiality; displayed by bini during the evening. Cheers were then: given fdr Mr: Byrnes, Mr. Botton, and Mr. Holroyd. ? - : During '.thè 'evening several of Mr; Holroyd's sup porters created some little confession by their cries in' opposition; but the ready-witted manner in* which Mr. Byrnes met them and tho "Roland for an Oliver" style in which ha replied, seemed somewhat to astonish them. OM tho whole ' the ' meeting passed off very ami- cably, and Mr. Byrnes'bold and manly bearing, together with his straightforward and liberal views'were calcu- lated to produce a great impression on the minds of the electors. 