RABELAIS IN THE CRIMEA. How Rabelais, in the Island of Sound, did anatomized and describe the great beauty Session. As for the inward and outward parts, or close ca biuct-down-with-the- opposition-developments, of the great beast Session, they were pretty much as follows: His head was like a barber's block stuffed with wool-sacks. . '?' His 'brain was made of added eggs and Vienna diplomacy. His neck, of a gallows of public opinion. His shoulders, of other people's work. Disarms, of doing nothing all the wells, and no beer on Sundays. fl His hair, of a Brougham-stick. His chest, of a Chancellor of the Exchequer and a breviary, His heart, of a leather strap. His conscience, of an India-rubber purse. His legs, of the knaves of clubs. ''' His feet, of other men's shoes. His toes of a treadmill for young thieves. His teeth, of opera ivories. ' His gums, of red tape. His tongue, of the ghost of chaos. His fingers, of a banker's trowel ' His hulls, of clenches. His eyes, of blind puppies. His ears of other men's wit. His smoking apparatus or nose, of rats and Thames water. A continuation of Session's countenance, posture making, and manner of behaving : When he opened his mouth, the truth was shut up in a box. When he prayed, it was new bishops and Kentish Flagstone. When he fixed his eye, it was "bull's" fixings and smiles. When he told the truth, the birds fell off the trees when you shook them. When he was in a fighting humour, coals went to Newcastle and came back again. When he was religious, it was raw lobsters and wooden staves. When he died, it was off skinned eels. When he gave an alms, it was the shadow of a skinned flint. when he fought it was with spiked guns and broken pickaxes. When he made pence, it was soft sawder and place. When he gave promotion, it was weak hands and strong pockets. When he fastened, it was catching the sails of windmills. When he was free to confess, it was vested interests and younger sons. When he divided, it was woodcutter's splinters. When he yawned, it was common sense out of the windows. When he laughed, it Was widows and wounded sol- diers. When he diplomatized, it was bottles at a prise fight. When he amended, it was flies walking on their backs. When he felt truly sorry, it was tenpenny nails in a pound of Westminster butter. When he rose to order it was confusion in seven league boots. When he expressed his opinion, it was both help- ing bunkum to escape. When he was tired, it was other men's tight boots and used up sittings. When he was at work, it was cobwebs and com- missions. When he had done doing nothing, it was grouse and skylarks. When he came in, it was sackcloth and ashes. When he went out, it was church bells and smiles. When he came to an end, it was another bad beginning. A curious point of law, to which we have formerly adverted, has been decided by a County Court Judge at Exeter. The question was whether an inhabitant of a town was at liberty to keep animals whose noise proved a serious annoyance to their neighbours. It was shown on the part of a Mr. Abraham that his neighbour, Mr. Minty, had cock which crowed 150 times in 25 minutes. The learned judge thought this was an amount of crowing which human nature was not bound to put up with, and awarded to the plaintiff Is. damages. 