PEACE PROPOSALS. [From the North British Daily Mail, January 19 it any one ask, with the scepticism natural to so sudden a change as that which has passed over the prospects of Europe, what reasons exist to induce an immediate establishment off peace, there are just two things, in our opinion to be stated in reply. In the first place, the past defeat and the worst doom impending over Russia and secondly, the dread inspired in the other Powers of Europe by the warlike earnestness and growing warlike force of Great Britain. Russia yields, because it is her manifest interest to yield and Austria, Prussia, Germany entire, and even France, combine to render it an imperative, and at the same time as easy as possible, for Russia to yield now no doubt with varied feelings, but with this feeling in common-that while a war thunder- ing, 3000 miles away, at the aggressive granite fortresses of Russia, with Britain in the back- ground, her navy comparatively useless and her army weak and 8omenbatm'themud, Was agreeable enough to powers and things as they are On the Continent, a war^sraifcine at the vitals of Russian power, wítfi,'felíi the accused energy of Britain end all the type thy and support of free nations, ia"¿Wally different affair, and one with which neither power nor thing that he can be" reconciled. The war is likely now to stop, because it has reached, or nearly reached, the point where the interest of despotism and the interest of freedom, hitherto mixed up together,' separate and tend to opposite sides. 3rd strong guarantee that peace will now be established con- sists in the fact that peace is the Uijgedf interest of all the Great Powers on the Continent!. No doubt the war may! be prolonged, but it can Only be prolonged apparently either By some inordinate' blunder on the part of Rb_sS&, of by the' resolutions ofjBWttnn tp,<câr,ry1,bn .hokiliíiéa alone.' I ' F Jakins ;/Lobb;at the position of Rtfssia.6'/Haï Eb anything to Ifoffî&sA; thetfóiitiriua^e'bf the í 10 1 i'- l I -"a J* ttarP Our big two years she has handled her great armies in vain, and after sacrificing hung reds of thousands of lives and exerting her whole naval and military resources, one of her two greatest strongholds is in the hands of the Allies, her fleet is sunk under the waves and the grasp of hostile armies is firmly fixed on various portions of her territory. The fortune of war has been completely against her, and what renders this fact more significant is that, in these two years, her strength has been at its highest while that of the allies has been at its lowest point. In every future campaign Russia must expect to meet larger armies and more formidable fleets with rapidly diminishing resources, and to defend herself against more skillful and powerful attacks with fewer advantages of fortification and position. If war has only covered her hitherto with defeat, it promises her, therefore, still less chance of success for the future. The preparations of the allies at the beginning of 1854 and 1855 were little to the preparations at the beginning of 1856 ; their warlike ef- forts would be this year, and the punishment already inflicted on Russia is not to be compared to the doors which hangs over her head. A naval armament, such as the world never thought to see, is preparing to issue from the ports of Britain, and, with the aid of France to carry fire and destruction to the gates of St. Petersburg. In vain does Russia, in this cloud of troubles past and future, look to Ger- many or anywhere for aid, for she knows that, in proportion as the war has gone on, Ger- many has become more indifferent to her interest, and that were also to brave another campaign Austria would be ready to place its results to the credit of the Allies as she has placed the results of every previous campaign. With Germany thus escaping from her toils and trafficking in her misfortunes, Russia has seen with dismay the smaller States of Europe daring to threaten and to league against her. The Swedish treaty with the Western Powers is declared by an imperial personage to to have made a profound impression at St. Petersburg. The thought of Sweden in arms against her troubles the proud but stricken heart of Russia. What if to the name of Sweden should be added that of Denmark, to Denmark that of Poland ! The guilty conscience of Macbeth was more deeply agitated by the ghost of Banquo than by the embattled hosts of his enemies. And so Russia, that has defied France and Britain, grows pale and her spirit sinks at the mere apparition, in this arduous contest, of the nations whom she has mutilated or murdered. Such is the position of the principal in the war. Let any one try to comprehend the losses and the fears of \- Russia, and he will probably cease to wonder that such a nation should close with an offer of peace which, with one slight exception, allows her to retain every inch of territory in her possession when she rashly plunged into hostilities. But if the interest of Russia is clearly, and bee disposition in every likelihood, on the side of peace, what is the situation of the other Continental Powers P Take Austria. One cannot but admire the astuteness with which this Power, without the loss of a drop of blood, without abandoning the position of a neutral, has contrived to turn the war to her advantage and to make conditions at once for herself and for the belligerents. The benefit hitherto accruing to Austria from the war is so great as to cr use many to suppose that she has an interest in prolonging it but Austria has to guard with great nicety that the war be carried just so far against Russia as to secure her own interests without arousing elements of another kind that the Russian side ebb so low as to let her own head appear above water while the liberal principle in Europe continues submerged. The existence of Russia as a great military empire is considered essential to the cause of continental despotism-, and there can be little doubt of the truth and sagacity of that opinion. Prussia and the other States of Germany share with Austria this belief, and while not unwilling to see Russia chastised and somewhat lowered, all these Powers are most anxious that the war should not be carried too far. But not to dwell on Germany, the position of which is undoubted, let us turn to France. We have no desire to bear hardly against the Emperor Napoleon, whose sincerity and good faith throughout this war entitle him to British esteem ; but unless we are to consider the French potentate more than human, it must be allowed that he is likely to be guided by interest like other mortals. What reason has the present French Government to desire or rather not to be extremely reluctant, to carry the war beyond the present bounds P The political constitution he was given to France, by his own admission; is not working satisfactorily. Unlike the first Napoleon, he can neither quarter his troops on subjugated provinces nor make war support itself. He is compelled to burden the French people with 'loans and taxes more heavy than were ever imposed on them by any Sovereign before. He cannot contemplate the future eventualities of the war, moreover, with much less concern than Austria and the States of Germany themselves, because for the safety of imperial air stitutions in France, it is necessary that impe- rial institutions continue to predominate in Europe. For these reasons Louis Napoleon is most desirous for peace and in various ways, by his journals, by his own lips, by the hearty support he has given to this Austrian intervention, he has signified how content he would be that the war should now terminate. If France be thus on the side of peace, it can- not be supposed that the Porte, for sake of European objects, will raise any obstacle to a settlement; so that all the great Powers, with the exception of Britain, which has not the flame reasons to shrink from the development of the war, are thus animated, it would seem, by a strongly pacific spirit. It is to this spirit, operating from so many different quarters to the same result. that we attribute the success of the Austrian propositions ; nor have the various reasons urged by way of caution shaken in our opinion the substantial grounds for believing in an early and formal conclusion of peace. It is said, for example, that there is a great difference between an unconditional acceptance of the Austrian proposals and an acceptance of them of as a basis for negotion but this statement proceeds on a mistake, for it was never supposed or intended that the propositions should be accepted, and indeed it is impossible that they could be accepted, in any other form than as a basis for negotion. Count vessel rode, in intimating the acceptance pure and simple to Count Esterhazy, said that the five propositions would serve as the preliminaries of peace. In this case it will only remain for the conference to draw out the propositions in detail and in the form of a treaty of peace. There is little reason to suspect a repetition of what took place on the " four points, because the propositions now adopted are precise, while the four points were perhaps the vaguest form of words on which diplomatists ever attempted to extract the conditions of a peace. A comparison will at once show this to any person who desires such a proof. There is a great error, moreover, in supposing that Russia would adopt such preliminaries of peace in a spirit of levity or cunning and with the design of ultimately wriggling out of them in conference. There are victories in diplomacy as well as in the field, and Russia can no more hope to undo her acceptance of the Austrian propositions than the loss of a battle or the fall of one of her fortresses. (From the Morning Post, Jan. 15.) We have now reached a most important stage in the highway to peace ; and, if we persevere in the same steady and resolute course that we have hitherto followed with such success, we may hope for a speedy and satisfactory termination. Austria has honorably accomplished the special mission with which she charged herself, and, having stood firm in her determination, has the satisfaction of seeing her ultimatum accepted, pure and simple, by Russia, as a basis for negotiation. This result has been brought about by the pressure of the Cabinet of Vienna, and of the Courts of Germany and we think it is also plain, by the conviction which must have forced itself upon the mind of Russia, that it is almost impossible for her successfully to withstand another campaign, Entirely dependent upon her own resources with no sincere friend, she would have to face the increasing power of England and France, reinforced, as they may be too, by new allies. We have now, then gained a great i point. The Austrian proposals, all five, are accepted, and Russia is implicitly bound by them, The public learn this with satisfaction. The funds rise with the hopes of peace, and the next step is eagerly inquired after and looked forward to, When and where are negotiations to be commenced upon the basis now agreed to? is a question universally asked, It is of much importance that it should be rightly understood that the proceeding which has had so happy an issue in deter- mining Russia to make large and important concessions is an Austrian proceeding, and that the five proposals, as accepted by Russia, do not contain on the face of them all that the Western Powers consider new | cessary for their safe entrance upon negotiation. When the Cabinet of Vienna applied to England and France to know the terms upon which they would consent to make peace with Russia, a direct and distinct reply was given. Upon that reply Austria founded the proposals which Russia has accepted ; but she has not represented to the Czar the whole and exact tenor of our demands, and it would not be fair in us, nor indeed just, either to ourselves or to Russia, to enter upon discussion before the preliminaries have been arranged so clearly and unmistakeably that Russia, on the one hand, may not have it in her power to pretend that we have en- trapped her into negotiations without making her fully aware of their importance we, on the other, be open to the manouvres of the adroit diplomacy which has already, in former instances, so cleverly amused our Ministers. To take an example. In the Austrian proposals the name of the Aland Islands is never mentioned ; but, nevertheless, we believe it will be found that Lord Clarendon had emphatically stated to the Cabinet of Vienna that we must insist upon Russia's . binding herself not to rebuild Bomarsund. This resolve, justifiable on the grounds of military success, and requisite as a matter of high import to the well being of Europe, becomes imperative, when it is remembered that we have only recently concluded an alliance with Sweden, and that it is our bounden duty not to leave our ally at the mercy of Russia, nor to permit the re-erection of a huge and menacing fortress within one hundred miles of Stockholm. Under these circumstances, then, it will be the duty of the Belligerents, before negotiations can be entered upon to signify their intentions to Russia, and to require her acceptance of proposals totally free from the possibility of misinterpretation. These proposals, we trust, will have the support of Austria and the German Powers, and will, we are confident, meet with acceptance at St. Petersburg, if Russia be now really alive to her own interests, and anxious for the welfare of Europe. If they are accepted, then negotiations will follow, but not at Vienna, nor^Paris.noriondon. All preliminaries being once satisfactorily adjusted, some more fit place will be appointed for the conduct of Conferences. In the meanwhile, we must keep our energies braced up, and relax not one iota of the prodigious exertions that are being made for the spring campaign. This, we are convinced, is the soul of successful negotiation. The voice of Europe is in our favour our resources are immense-our armaments of greater magnitude tupa ever. Let us then hope that Russia will follow up the good course upon which she has entered, and that, recognising the isolation of her position, and the hopelessness of her cause, she may accept all that is necessary, and no more than is just; and that, by frankly yielding to our demands, she may spare the nations the horrors of further bloodshed, and inaugurate a safe and lasting peace, which will be nowhere more sincerely welcomed than in England, (From the Morning Herald.) It would appear that the Cabinet of St. Petersburg has re-considered its reported rejection of the Austrian proposals, and had gone the length even of surrendering the terms contended for in its recent coun- ter propositions. The later editions of two morning contemporaries contained yesterday announcements to this purpose-with this difference between the two dispatches -that, while the telegraphic message in the Times states that Russia has accepted unconditionally the proposals of the Allies, that in the Morning Post represents the acceptance of the proposals sa merely the basis of further negotiation. We are not of course in a condition to decide between these statements. The despatch in the Times, although dated from Vienna, concludes with " This is authentic." We are, however, too well acquainted with authentic canards proceeding from the same source, and too much accustomed to the confident tone of our contemporary when he has least ground for confidence, to place implicit reliance, in the absence of corro- boration, upon the statement before us. At the same time, we are by no means prepared to assert that the report of Russia's concession is devoid of foundation, but if we incline to the belief that she has at length closed with the proposals of the Allies, it is from a consideration of the nature of those proposals themselves, and not from any belief in the source from whence the information of that event has been derived. Russia well knows that the terms re. Gently offered are the very best she could possibly have hoped for, and the statesmen who surround the Czar are sufficiently acute to see that they present no real bar to the future pursuit and development of that policy which Russia has so long and so steadily worked out with the resolution of destiny, The chances of another came fiaign might say, they certainly would save her far less confident than she finds herself at the close of the recent campaign, and far less able to resist the pressure which would infallibly be brought appear against her. The adhesion of the seconds ary States of Europe to the cause of the Allies would be, if the war lasted, but a question of time. We do not believe we never did believe that Austria would in any case take up arms to redeem her Slighted honour, much less that she would of so simply in the interest of Europe and civilisation ; but it was manifest that considerable time must elapse before the German Powers could be driven out of the neutral and undignified attitude they have assumed, if, indeed, they contemplated in any events, its relinquishment. Russia sees, and must for some time have seen, that the league against the would increase formidably that the free States of Europe had discovered more than a tendency to gravitate towards the Western Powers. Without question the war has begun to tell most seriously on her internal economy and although her resources are vast, they are by no means inexhaustible. Har nobles are discontented-her soil is untilled her population swept to supply new and extensive levies-her trade has suffered, not to the extent it might have suffered, for one of her enemies, at least, did not care to cripple her in that respect and her obsequious vassal at Berlin has taken care that he would turn his neutrality to a friendly as well as a profitable account. On a calmer view, therefore, of her case her condition and her prospects Russia must have seen that she could only continue the war at the cost of eventual prostration, and that to support her prestige for a short period she was paying the penalty of national rub). It need not be wondered at, then, if she has closed with the Allies, and abated, at all events, some of the stipulations contained in the counter propositions. The chief question to be disposed of by the war is the supremacy of Russia in the Black Sea, and against a surrender of that supremacy she was determined to fight to the last ; but is that supremacy abolished by the third article of the proposals ? We think, not, It may be placed in abeyance but assuredly it is not terminated. Russia is to be left in possession of that seaboard on which she has constructed those strong places from which she threatened Copstan. tinople. The Crimea is still to be hers, and the ruins of Sebastopol, mischiefs and Kherson, Anapa and Kertch, Kinburn and Oczakoff, are to be restored to their in at various occupant. In exchange for these places, which have cost the Allies so much in blood and treasure, and which, either in the bands of the Allies or of the nations under the protection of France and England, would have formed the best security against a future attempt on the part of Russia to recover her command of the Engineers exchange for these places Russia consents to a rectification of her frontier with Turkey in Europe the meaning of which is that she retires from the mouth of the Danube, and places the Turk in possession of the fortress of Ismail -the command of the Danube for the future command of the Euxine-a good exchange, in Russia well knows for we ask any man of common sense, what is to prevent Russia by degrees reproducing ships in the very dockyards which were the cradle of that fleet which now rolls upon the sands under the fortifications of Sebastopol The Black Sea is to be closed to " war navies." Russia and Turkey are to settle between themselves the establishment of a " coast service ;" and to provide for the preservation of the neutrality, we presume, as well as to " protect the mari- time and commercial interests of all nations." Institutions conformable to international law " are to be established in the respective ports of the Euxine ; but, with the whole northern seaboard of that sea and of the Azoff in her hands- with dockyards and strong places erected on that seaboard-where in the security against the schemes of Russia ? Her lost Black Sea fleet was built silently and se- j cretly, and suddenly sailed out arrived from behind the granite defences constructed also in silence and obscurity. We know what those defences are, or have been, and what they may become once more in the hands of Russia. Yet we are about to surrender them to her, and with them the facilities which made her formidable on the Black Sea and we are weak enough to suppose she will not use them again to carry out her fixed her unalterable policy. We write thus on the supposition that Russia has accepted the Austrian proposals unreservedly. When those terms were first made public we examined them carefully, and denounced their weakness and their treacherous purpose, For the share which our Government has had in these proposals they will have to render a strict account to Parliament and the country. We do not undervalue the blessings of peace, or treat lightly the horrors of war, which has already left its blanks in the nation; but a consummation, of our efforts, which would leave the enemy in possession of that which we took up arms to wrest from, would be a wicked stultify- cation and crime, which this people could neither submit to nor tolerate. j 