'' SOUTH AUSTRALIA. A SnAKV CqnponATioN.— From the report of 'proceedings in the City Council of Adelaide, on tlie ,4th instant, it nppears that one coniicillor and two officers had resigned, two others had been dismissed, anil a committee had been appointed tn enquire into the conduct of another. The Clerk of tlie Cbrnorn- tioti has also ' resigned ; lie took up liis pen aud walked a few weeks since. SivauLAn Case. — Somo- short timo sinco, a: girl named Margaret Kelly, who was hired at tlie lnc;,v- tirin, for harvest:. work, was, wliiist: working ,in the .field near (tnwlcr Town, suddenly taken with a snn stroke, .Tlie case was not .e very severe que, and after some illness scqmed in a fair way of recovery. 'Shortly after corivalesoerico, tlie girl. showed signs of insanity, arid has gradually' become so deranged as to be obliged to be kept under restraint ns a con firmed luiintic. This slioriid' be a warning to all tlinso who 'imprudently expose' themselves to tlie elfeots'of tlio burning sun. There is,' perhaps, no disease more rapidly fatal, or more easily lakeutlian a sun stroke. ' i Destkuotive Fise at Wellington. — We have received somo very slight particulars of a fire by -which,, tlie police station, : post-office, and ferry- house, at Wellington, together witli the stabling and stockyards, have been entirely destroyed. It oe: onrred, ris' we understand, about two o'clock on Thursday afternoon, ami it is supposed to have commenced in the roof, The mail bags from Wel lington are said to hnve been destroyed, but the overland mail was saved. The ' troopers stationed tlierii were Constables Nixon and Carlnnd. - Mr. Carter; the postmaster nnd ferryman, resided in part ofthe premises, ns also his assistant, 'but our infor- irintinn is to the effect tlint no lives were lost. It was. the intention of Mr. Allan M'Farlaue, J.P., to hold, nn - inquest upon tlio fire, tlie particulars of which .will -no doubt reach town by. to-morrow's mail, , Since tbo above was written we have been favoured with tlio following fuithcr particulars-: — The whale of the Government build-' ing— police station, ferry, and post offico— ivas en tirely 'destroyed bv fire on Thursday, 31st Jan. Thrifire commenced froni tlie chimney ofthe police station.' - Tlie Postmaster wns making rip the mails 1 for - the Mouut Gambior' district; nndvfor- tunately wns enabled to save the -Adelaide, bags for that district; but witli tlint exception tbo wliolo of 'tlie Post Office materials were burnt, including the few. unclaimed letters and papers. Tlie 'roof being composed of reeds burnt so rapidly tlint, ; notwith standing the assistance which was freely rendered, (very little conld be saved. Mr. ; Carter (the Post- riinster) lost a great ileal of private property by the occurrence. — S. A. Register.; . . Humble Indigence. — Miss Hart submitted to the Destitute Board a pieoe,of beef, which she con demned as unfit for her use, and not such ns had -"been .ordered for her that morning by tlie Colonial 'Surgeon'.;, The Colonial Surgeon snid tlint lie laid ordered'Miss Hart a pound of good beef that morn ing.'-; He confessed lie- saw nothing wrong in the beef produced. Tlie Board unanimously npproved of the quality oftho moat, i- Miss' Mart, who walked into : the' Board-room with all tlie insolence of a workhouse" revolter, said sli'o ' wonlcl have '-justice ; that she, would insist on. ' She would not take that meat i .shc would leave it- there. ; She, would have proper support or none at all.' ,They : had ; robbed her from first to last,, mql she would let them.kuow it. She would let them see' - whether, the Colonial Secretary wonld support them or her,' Standing in the doorway, retreating, she held up her arm like the ghost of OiDsar, nml said, ill a. voice tlint would have been solemn lind' it jnbt been crackeil — Re- member, jristice I Tbe Board resolved tliat Miss- Hart shnll in fntnro be treated-preeisoly the' same as any other pauper.— \- S.'A.Iie'gister . 