REVIEW. (From the Press, Jamary 3.) The History of Latin Christianity. By Henry Hai Milman, Dean of St. Paul's. Vols. IV., V., and V. London: Murray. It is obvious that no branch of literary criti cism is now so called upon lor its resources a that which treats of the art of writing history Moral philosophy is hot à favourite pursuit of tho. English intellect ;'the preference for the practical, as opposed to the speculative, influ enees our intellectual-as much as our social as pirations. We think it very likely, that ; considerable quantity of tho best intellect of our time, escaping from the dull routine of common life and conventional politics, may seek to influence tho age through the moral power of tho narrator's pen. Revolutionary events have forced some of the best French minds into becoming historians. What politi cal disasters and civil contentions' did , for Tacitus, Machiavelli, Thiers, and Guizot, may yet find a parallel amongst some of tho pro foundest spirits in England. Dean Milman is certainly . entitled to ' bi ranked in the first class bf living historians Upon a former occasion (Presa, vol. ii., p. 327 we criticised at length his characteristics* an< we may now say that tho sequel of hil ' "History of Latin Christianity" corroborates our estimate of his powers. What we then said we need not here repeat. His style of writing history differs widely from that followed by some of his contemporaries. Mr. Macaulay and Sir Archibald Alison, for instance, have both aspired to the laurels gained by recording tho events of an "age." They are therefore minute, anecdotical,' and pictorially diffuse There is a gallery of characters in their works and tho incidontnl public questions oro dcbatoi first by tito personages of the drama, and after wards disserted upon by tho historians. It i¡ a rule as old as the days of Aristotle, and con firmed by Quintilian, that in relating tho event: of an era tho facts should be grouped around i character, or a theory, that they should culmi nate to an apex. Mr. Macaulay has followet the rulo, and chosen King William ; Sir A Alison has selected an ethical principle, ant has classified his details by constant refcrenci to tho corruption of human nature opposing barriers to revolutionary dreams of perfecti bility. His valuable work is certainly open to the witty sarcasm that he wants to show " that Providence was on the side of the Tories.' Thiers, upon tho other hand, having to traverse nearly the same period, groups all his facts of " Tho Consulate and the Empire" around the career of Napoleon le Grand ; and in a similar style Lamartine selects " Robespierre" as the principle incarnate of tho terrible moral drama of tho French Revolution. Tho Dean of St. Paul's has made a gallant and successful struggle against tho monotony incident to a narrator traversing soveral con. turies. He relieves the dryness of dissertation by his vivid style ; and his flowing narrative has spirit, elegance, and strength. Tho present division of his great work includes from thc time3 of Innocent III. (A.n. 1100) to those ol Nicholas V. (A.D. I t5 l.) It is an excellent portraiture of mediaeval religionism. A vast quantity of important matter is compressed within its pages ; and too much praiso cannot bo given to the notes, which are copious, and variously erudite, besides being regulated by good sense. In some places we observe that the Dean's pen is apt to run into wordiness, as if tho extent of his subject was at last wearying him, but those instances are comparatively rare. With tho exception of Mr. Macaulay's volumes, tho whole style of this important work is more highly wrought, and exhibits more finish, than any other English historical performance of our time. If Dean Milman is occasionally col- loquial, he is never slipshod, like Alison ; if, like Mr. Hallam, he occasionally leans too much in tho direction of what Dryden calls " a sin of latitude," tho Dean of St Paul's does not exhibit tho ruggedness of that eminent writer. In fairness to both sides, and in dignified calmness, a high model for imitation is offered to Mr. Macaulay, by which we wish that he would profit. Nearly half of tho fourth volume is occupied with tho history of Innocent III. Much has been written, in modern times on that cele- brated Pope, and no lack of materials was wanted to Dean Milman. Tho tendency of tho Papacy to Autocracy, tho delusion resulting from tho splendid failacy of " unity," and tho grand effects of tho Crusades upon Chris- tendom, are all closely and consecutively por trayed by tho-author. Tho chivalry of Richard tho tyranny of John, and tho independence of Stephen Langton, diversify the period. "We shall take some extracts, which will prove how successfully tho author has contrived to vivify his extended narrative In describing tho effects of tho interdict passed by tho tyrant John, Donn Milman wrltos : Thus throughout England, ns throughout France, without exception, without any privilege to church or monastery, ceased tho divine offices of the Church. From: Berwick to tho British Channel, from the Land's-end to Dover, tho churches were closed, tho bells silent! the only clergy who were seen stealing silently about were those who were to baptize new-born infants with a hasty ceremony I those who were to hear tho confession of tho dying, and to administer to them, and them alone, the holy Eucharist. The dead (no doubt the most cruel af- fliction) were cast out of tho towns, buried like dogs in some unconsecrated place-in a ditch or a dungheap without prayer, without tho tolling bell, without funeral rites. Those only can judge tho effect of this fearful malediction who consider how completely tho whole life of all orders was affected by the ritual and daily ordinances of tho Church. Kvery important act was done under the counsel of the priest or tho monk. Even to tho less serious, the fes tivals of tho Church were tho only holidays, tho proces- sion of tho Church tho only spectacles. tho ceremonies of the Church the only amusements. To those of deeper religion, to those.the far greater number, of abject super stition, what was it to have tho child thus almost fur tively baptized, marriage unblessed, or hardly blessed tho obsequies denied ; to hear neither prayer nor chant to suppose that tho world was surrendered to tha unres trained power of the devil and his evil spirits, with no saint to intercede, no sacrifice to avert tho wrath of God ; when no single image was exposed to view, not a cross unveiled ; the intercourse between man and God utterly broken off; souls left to perish, or but reluctantly per mitted absolution in the instant of death ! In that passage may be seen a good instance of the art of affecting tho reader's mind by moral, as distinct from a picturesque, description The panoramic powers of Mr. Macaulay would have expanded the foregoing .description into a dozen glittering pages., It is obvious that com pression, while preserving fulness, is one of the most difficult arts of the historian. It is one of tho merits of this " History of Latin Chris tianity," that details are not neglected by Dean Milman His narrative of the proceedings of the Church in reference to Magna Charta is ample in matter. It is curious to observe how instinctively tho Pope, recoiled from the Great Charter :— Pope Innocent saw in this movement only, the turb lence of a few factious barons; he received tho repr sentations of John's ambassadors with great indignation ; he knit his brow, (so writes tho historian), ' and broke out into the language of astonishment : ' What have the barons of England, presumed to dethrone a King who has taken tho Cross, and placed himself under tho pro teclion of tho Apostolic See? Do they transfer to others tho patrimony of tho Church of Rome ? By St. Pete we -cannot leave such a crime unpunished." If such unseemly language was attributed to the Pope, the formal acts of innocent might justify such reports of his conduct. In his Bull he attributes the rebellion of the barons,after John had been reconciled to the Chnrcn, to tlte enemy of mankind. He is astonished that tho barons have not humbly, brought their grievance before his tri bunal, and implored redress. The act describes tho con duct of tho King as throughout just, conciliatory. " Vas sals; they have conspired against their lord—knights against their king : they have assailed his lands, seized his capital city, which has been surrendered to them by treason. Under their violence, and under, fears which, might shake the firmest man, he has entered into a treaty with the barons ; a treaty not only base and ig nomimous, but unlawful and unjust ; in flagrant vióla tion and diminution of his rights and honour. Where fore, as the Lord has. said by tho mouth of his prophet ' I have set thee above the nations, and above, tho king doms, to pluck up and to destroy, to build up and to plant; and by the mouth of another prophet—break the leagues of ungodliness, and loose the heavy burthens we can no longer pass over in silence such audacious wickedness-; committed in contempt of tho Apostolic See in infringement of the rights of the King, to tho disgrace of tho Kingdom of England, to tho great peril of the Crusade. We, therefore, with tho advice of our brethren altogether reprove and condemn this charter, prohibit lng tho King under pain of anathema, from observing it the barons from exacting its observation ; we declare the said charter, with all its obligations and guarantees, ab solutely null and void." * * .* i - ', Tho Great Charter of tho liberties of England was ab solutely, peremptorily annulled, by tho supreme autho of tho Pope, as Pope and as liege lord of the realm The King was absolutely released from his oath to the statute ; tho King threatened with anathema if he observed, tho barons if-they exacted tho observance Still the rebukes, promises,' threats of 'spiritual censure tho annulling edict, were received with utter disregard by tho sturdy barons. They retorted tho language of tho Scripture, tho phrase of Isaiah is said to have been current among them-" Woe unto him who justiflieth tho wicked for reward ! " Yet there were some political excuses for the shortsighted views of the Pope. He did not make allowance for the mingled effects of knightly institutions in an insular realm along with a popular tradition in favour of freedom Bolingbroke is right in affirming that in all periods there was " a spirit of liberty" in England. ' Some of thc sketches of religious characters introduced in these pages are miniatures ex ecuted with considerable skill.- We think that if he chose, Dean Milman could give as " in teresting" pictures of individuals as Sir James Stephen, the most successful of pictorial eccle siologists. Tho sketches of St. Dominic, one St. Francis of Assisi, are very effective, thougl: the artist was able to take but small room. 'H« seizes tho spirit of Dominic with keen appro hension : Though Dominic himself was of high birth, nm many of his followers;of noblo blood, St. Francis o decent oven wealthy parentage, according to tho irrepeal able constitution of both'orders, they were still to be th poorest of .mankind, instructing or consorting in religi ons fellowship with tho very meanest outcasts of society Doth tho now orders differed in tho same manner, nm greatly to tho ndvantage of. tho hierarchical faith, fron tho old monkish institutions. Their primary object wai not tho salvation of tho individunl monk, but tho salva tioti of otliors through him. Though, fhorofore, timi rules within their monasteries wore strictly and sovoroli monastio, bound, by tho common vows of chastity povorty, and obedience, seclusion wns no part of tho! discipline. Their business was abroad rather than a homo ; their dwelling was not like that of tho old lleno diutines or others, in tho uncultivated swamps nnd forest: of tho Korti), on the dreary Aponnino, or tho cxhaustci soil of Italy, in order to subdue their bodios, and occupy thoir dangerously unoccupied timo, merely ns h secondary consequence to compel tho desert into fortilo land Their work was among thoir fellow-men ; in tho village, in tho town, in tho city, in thomarkot, avon in tho oamp In every Dominican convent tho superior had thc power to disponso oven with the ordinary internal disoi. pl ino, if ho thought tho brother might bo mort nsofttlly employed in his special avocation of a nrenohcr. It might scorn tho ambition of thea mon, instead of cooping , up a choson fow in high-wallod and seouro monasteries, to subdito tho wholo world into one va9t oloistor; monnstio Christianity would no longer flea tho world, it would subJug.ito.it, or win it by gentle violence. In Dominic Spain began to exercise that remarkable influence over Latin Christianity, to display that peculiar character which culminated as it were in Ignatius Loyola, in Philip II, and in Torquemada, of which tho code of tho Inquisition was the statutory law ; of which Calderon was tho poet. The life of every devout Spaniard was a perpetual crusade. By temperament and by position he was in constant adventurous warfare against tho enemies of tho Cross ; hatred of tho Jew, of tho Mohammedan, was tho banner under which he served; it was tho oath of his chivalry; that hatred, in all its intensity, was soon and easily extended to tho heretic. Hereafter it was to comprehend the heathen Mexican, tho Peruvian. St. Dominic was, as it were, a Cortez, bound by his sense of duty, urged by an inward voice, to invade older Christendom. And Dominic was a man of as profound sagacity as of adventurous enthusiasm. In another place we got to " tho spiritual interior" of St. Francis of Assisi, upon whom M. de Montalembert has written with such eloquence and sectarian zeal : St. Francis is among tho oldest vernacular prints of Italy. Ills poetry, indeed, in but a long passionate ejaculation of love to tho Redeemer in rude metre ; it has not even the order and completeness of a hymn : it is a sort of plaintive variation on one simple melody ; an echo of tho same tender words, multiplied again and again, it might be fancied, by tho voices in tho cloister walls. But his ordinary speech is more poetical than his poetry. In his peculiar language he addresses all animate, even inanimate, creatures as his brothers : not merely tho birds and boasts ; he had an especial fondness for lambs and larks, as tho images of tho Lamb of God and of tho cherubim in heaven. I know not if it be among tho " Conformities," but tho only malediction I find him to have uttered was against a fierce swine which had killed a young lamb. Of his intercourse with those mute animals we are told many pretty particularities, some of them miraculous. But his poetic impersonation went beyond this. When tho surgeon was about to cauterise him, he said, " Fire, my brother, be thou discreet and gentle to me," In one nf his Italian hymns ho speaks of his brother tho sun, his aistor tho ninon, his brother tho wind, his sister the water. So wonder that in this almost perpetual ecstatic state, unearthly music played around him, unearthly light shone round his path, When he died, he said, with exquisite simplicity, " Welcome, sister Death," Jn thoso portraits thora ls no pliraso-makliig. Thovo is always mattor kept boforo tho render's mind, and ho ia not cheated with "ahubbub of fino words." Again, lot us exhibit tho Author's talont in comprossod narrativo. Hore ls " Tho Sicilian Vospors" tlosorlbod by tho Dean of Ht, Paul's In tho fifth volume !. At this Juneturo tho crisis was precipitated by ono of j . thoso «venta willoh no sagacity could havo íorosoen, I which «ll the ubiquitous activity .»cribed to John o I Proeida could not-have devised-an ' outburst "of pb pillar fury excited by ono of those acts of insulting ty ranny which goad an oppressed. people to madness Tho insurrection of Palermo received tue darkly fumo» namo of tho " Sicilian Vespers." j Tho Sicilians still crowdnd to their religious festival with all tho gaiety and light.hcartednes of- a southern people. Even their cliurchoH, whero thoy assemblbi for tho worship of that Ood whoso representative pi earth had'handed them over to their ruthless, ty rant,'when alone they found consolation under tho grinding ty ranny, were not secure against tho nll-prosent agonts >o .that tyranny. The oflicors of .tho revenuo watched thi doors of thoso ohufches : as all who had'not paid, thei taxes wont in or came forth, oven from.the 'sanctuary it self thoy dragged off thoir misornble victims, whom thej branded with tho name of.heretics-"Poy, ye-Paterins I pay ! ". .... .. .,; - . . ;: ?,. .. ,.<; I ' It waiat a festival on Easter Tuesday, that a multitude of the inhabitants of Palormo and tho noighbourhoot had thronged to-a ohu'rch, about half n mile obt' of thc town, dedicated. to -tho Holy Ghost.ir Tho religion* service .was. over, tho .merriment, began; ; tables ' were ' spread! ., tho nrnusemonts of ' all. sorts, games dances under . the'- trees'; woro -going gaily 'on; When'- the harmony- was suddenly interrupted, and tho joyousness ? chilled :by. the. appearance' of jn body of French soldiery, undor tho.r pretext of keepuic, the penco. The French . minglod v familiarly with the people,' paid court, not in tho most respectful manner, to tlte women ; tho young men made sullen remonstrances, and told them to go their, way. The Frenchmen began to draw, together. /'.Those robollious ' Fatnrins must have nvaxk', ar they.would nat venture on such insolence!" They bogan to search s'omo'ef them' for arms. The two partios woro already glaring at'"each''other in'angry hostility. Ati that moment tho. boautifitl daughter ot Rogor.iÀtastrangolo, n maiden pf .exquisito loveliness and modesty, with her bridegroom, npprooohod tho . church. A Frenchman naniod' Drouor, either in' wantonness or insult, carno np' to her, and, under ' tho 'pretence ol searching for arma, thrust his hand into hor bosom.'- Thc girl fainted in her. bridegroom's: arms, 1 To uttered, in his agony, tho fatal cry,. ". Death to . tho French.",, A [youth rushed forward; stabbed Drbuet to tho heart- with I his own sword, was'himself- struck, down.' The cry; thc shriek, ran through tho. crowd, "Dooth to tho French I' ;Matiy Sioilians foll but pf two hundred ,on tho spot.mol ono ' Frenchman . escaped. Tho cry spread to tho ; city i MastrnngoJo took, the load; every houso was stoim .<), every hole and corner BonrcheU ; I thoir: dress, ' their speech,- -' their persons, ¡> thoir - manners,1 danonricod tho, French. ,Tho palace was.forced; tho Jus ticiary. hoing luckily, wounded . in, .the v faoe, and rollodin tho dust, and HO undetected, mounted a horse, and-tied witli two followers.'' Two thousand Fronoh wero slain. They deniod them decent burial, honpod them together in a groat pit. ? The horrors of the scone woro indescribable ; tho insurgents broke into tho convents, tho churches. Tho friars, especial objects of hatred; .were massacred ; they slow tho Fronch monks, tho .French priests. Neither old agc; nor sex, nor infancy, was spared; it is a ohnrgo more than onco repeated in tho papal acts, that they ripped up. Sicilian women who were pregnant by Frenchmen, in order to exterminate-tho hated brood. A government was hastily formed'; Itogor Mastrnngolo,. Arrigo . TJarrosi,' Niccoloso' d'Ortolova (knights), with Niccolo de Endemonia, were' summoned by acclamation to bo captains of tho pooplo. They tbon proclaimed tho " Good ostato and liberty," unfolded ,tho banner of the city,' an eagle on à field ol' gold ; tho keys of the Church wero still quartered upon'it. ' Tho Justiciary was. pursued to Vicari, thirty milos distant ; tho pooplo roso at the .'cry of. "Death to tho French l" Tho garrison at first rofused to capitulai», and to be sent safe to Proyonco ;' it .was now too laic. Ute Judiciary was" shot "down by a random arrow, every Fronchman massaored. Sicily was ovorywhero in arms; Corleono first fallowed tho example of Palermo: Every- where the French woro hunted down and murdered. Ono man alone was.spared. No one will deny' tho variety and vigour of that description, yet it occupies but a. small space. The circumstances both bofore " and after tho foregoing sceno receive all adequate treatment from the. historian, who thoroughly understands the method of being *' classical and compendious." ' ' ..??. > In tho same volume tho history of the disso- lution of tho Knight Templars is treated at full length, about eighty pages being assigned to it, and it forms tho most interesting episode in the whole volumes. The subject is a remarkable one, and in English literature we have no adequate work upon it. Mr. C. G. Addison's treatise has a certain formalised air of professional legality in its pages, and his volume is neither profound nor brilliant. We may remark that in England historical writers become dull when they treat of remote topics, while on tho other hand tho French writers glow with ardour in illustrating mediæval history, and tho Germans display extraordi- nary profundity in their discussion of it On tho subject of the Knight Templars, Von Hammer's (Count Purgstall) " Mysterium Baphometis Revelatum" is a most singular exhibition of far-sought erudition, whatever may be thought of its theories ; and what Michelet has recently written on tho subject is also very striking. In pursuing such historical exercitations we are frequently reminded of tho account of the lectures of a certain German pro- fessor in Mr. Disraeli's " Contarini Fleming," " That which to a common student appears but a barren tradition became in his magi- cal mind a record teeming with deep knowledge and picturesque interest. Hordes who hitherto were only dimly distinguished wandering over tho deserts of antiquity, now figured as great nations, multiplying in beautiful cities, and moving in tho grand and progressive march of civilization ; and I listened to animated narratives of their creeds, their customs, their manners, their philosophy, and their arts. I was deeply impressed with tho mystical creation of a critical spirit. I revelled in tho sagacious audacity of his revolutionary theories. I yielded to tho full spoil of his archaic elo quence." This remarkable passage describes a certain class of foreign writers in our own time, and we wish that some of their " archaic eloquence " would animate our English Dry as-dusts. But of course there are two sides to tho value of historical works resulting from " tho mystical creations of a critical spirit." Dean Milman writes in a concluding note to his account of tho Knight Templars : A modern school of history, somewhat too prone to make or to imagine discoveries, has condemned tho Templars upon other grounds. These fierce unlettered warriors have risen into Oriental mystics. Not merely has their inter course with tho East softened off their abhorrence of Mohammedanism, induced a more liberal tone of thought, or overlaid their Western superstitions with a layer of Oriental imagery—they have become Gnostic Theists, have adopted many of tho old Gnostic charms, amulets, and allegorical idols. Under those influences they had framed a secret body of statutes, communicated only to tho initiate, who were slowly and after long probation admitted into tho abstruser and more awful mysteries. Not only this, tho very branch of tho Gnostics has been indicated that of tho Ophitæ, of whom they are declared to be tho legitimate Western descendants, If they have thus had precursors, neither have they wanted successors. Tho Templars are tho ancestors (as Wilcke thought, the acknowledged ancestors) of tho secret societies which have subsisted by regular tradition down to modern times—tho Freemasons, Illuminati, and many others. Von Hammer's theory is far from being adopted by German historians. M. de Cham, bure published in 1810 the statutes of tho Order. Tho work of Raynouard, in defence of tho Templars, is the best work, we think, on that side of tho question. In French historical criticism tho whole subject has assumed a party character, tho Church and the Crown having both their literary partisans and assail- ants, It is singular that Michaud, whose work on tho Crusades is so much in favour of tho Church and tho Crown, should lean strongly to tho side of tho Knight Templars. Dean Milman, also, is most lenient in his opinion of them. He writes:— Beyond tho confessions of tho Templars themselves there was absolutely nothing but tho wildest, most vague, most incredible tales of superstition and hatred, In France alone,and where French influence prevailed, were confessions obtained, Elsewhere, in Spain, in Germany, parts of Italy, them was an absolute acquittal ; in England, Scotland, and Ireland there appears no evidence which in tho present day would commit a thief, or condemn him to transportation. In France those confessions were invariably, without exception, crushed out of men imprisoned, starved, disgraced, under the most relentless tortures, or under well-grounded Appre- hensions of torture, degradation, and misery, with, on tho other hand, promises of absolution freedom, pardon, royal favour. Yet on the instant that they struggle again into the light of day, on the first impulse or freedom and hope; no sooner do they see themselves for a moment out of tho grasp of the remorseless king ; under tho judgment, it might be, of the less remorseless Church, than all these confessions are for tho most part retracted; retracted fully, unequivocally. This retrac- tation was held so fatal to the cause of their enemies that all the bravest were burned and submitted to be burned rather than again admit their guilt. The only points on which there was any great extent or unanimity of confession were the ceremonies at tho reception; the abnegation of Christ, the insult to the Cross, with the other profane or obscene circumstances.These were the points on which it was the manifest object of tho prosecutors to extort confessions which were suggested by tho hard, stern questions, tho admission of which mostly satisfied the court. Admit to the utmost that the devout and passionate enthusiasm of tho Templars had died away, that familiarity with other forms of belief in the East had deadened tho fanatic zeal for Christ and his Sepulchre ; that Oriental superstitions, the belief in magic,talismans, amulets, had crept, into many minds; that in not a few tho austere morals had yielded to tho wild life, tho fiery sun, tho vices of the East; that tho corporate spirit of the order, its power, its wealth, its pride, had absorbed the religious spirit of tho first knights ; yet there is something utterly inconceivable in tho general, almost universal, requisi- tion of a naked, ostentatious, offensive, insulting renunciation of tho Christian faith,a renunciation following immediately on the most solemn vow ; not after a long, slow initiation into the order, not as tho secret, esoteric doctrine of the chosen few,but on tho threshold of tho Order, on tho very day of reception. Our own opinion on tho question is somewhat different, but we have not space for entering upon its discussion at length. We think that a strong prima facia case can be made but for either side ; and there is no lack of materials in supplying evidence, or what may be argued upon as such. But whenever an institution tends to become an imperium in imperio, and whenever collective organization of a formidable character is applied to lofty social objects, in all such cases there is a tendency to evil and corruption, as has been seen in tho Jesuits ; and even in tho modern journalists of France a similar tendency could be discerned. In mediaeval periods we think that it was a mere question of time when tho Crown would pounce upon tho Templars. They were, too ambitious, and too absorbent of bold spirits,to remain in secure isolation ; and we are con- vinced that there must have been much immo- rality amongst them. In a popular point of view tho sixth and concluding volume is tho most,interesting of this work. Its dissertations on the creed, letters, poetry, and architecture ,of Latin Christianity aro written with philosophic power and critical acumen, arid display copious erudi- tion. The concluding views of tho Dean of St. Paul's will be thought by many, as we con- sider them, far too liberal and too indulgent to Latin Christianity; hilt as they are merely speculative, rather than historical, it is not hero necessary to combat them. The whole work must raise the Dean of St. Paul's still higher in literature, and we have no doubt that it .will supersede Mosheim in this country. It has the charms of style, besides a fund of ancient and modern learning in ; its notes. It is beyond question one of the greatest works of the current age, " and is at once useful and brilliant.. VISIT TO TUB' Govcnxon or JAPAN.--Tho following account of thu visit of a oonnhodoro and other officers in her Majesty's service, to tho Govornnr of Japan, is from an occasional correspondent:-Tho sketclios in the Illustrated Xews "give n very good idea of tho costumes of theso people, ns well as ol' their peculiar mode of wearing their hair. Thoy nil1 have n bndgo or distinc- tive mark of soma kind on their back-sometimes this assumes tho simpo of an ornament or' mathematical figuro, but more generally it is n Jupaneso character. Thoy wear their swords soraowlmt in tho Turkish styh\ the hnndlos protruding from tho girdle. The highoi runks wear two, a privilego denied to tho lowor order*, witli whom, however, tho custom of wearing ono sword scorns to be almost universal, ? Thoso swords" nro ensed in lnoqner-waro scabbards, mid uro kept in beautiful order. Wo lind great dllllculty to make them unahcath them as they consider it a breach nf etiquette to show a miked sword to a friend; for this reason thoir spear heads wero carefully covered, and their muskets eased in rod cloth. Our reception by tho Jnpanoso Governor was a counterpart of that nt Ñngasnki, only on n Btrjaller scala. On tho nppoiutod day we lauded, and woro'con- ciliated through several streets, along tho sidas of; which tho whole population of tho place was crowded, to .a building adjoining tho Great Temple. Files of soldiers wera drawn itpnn each nido of' tho entunico, ona rn uk armed with, very long spears, tho other with muskets carefully covered with red sloth. Behind thom were hangings ofwhito and black drnpory, which hod also been placed on each sido of innny nf tho stroots through which wo hud passed. Wa wore introduced into an apartment, neither spacious nor lofty, biit which looked into a Jnpaneso garden, rather a curiosity in its way, reminding one. in its quaintly-cut trees anil hits of stone, of an old English plcusuro.garden. Scats were prepared for us ranged along two sides of thu room, In front nf them n low form covered with yollow cloth, which I thought, nt first, wits intended for us to kneel on. On another aldo of tho room woro Kimilnr aents and forms, au which sat seven of tho principal ofllcors of stale, two still greater nun sitting upurl, nebr tho Governor's chair. Wu took our souls in solemn silenca ; after waiting aomc tima it sort of hissing KI mud was henrd, and lils Excellency entered. Ho was nut sumptuously nttired, nuil had anything but n patrician air; indeed, hts count enanco was loss intollootual than that of any ol' his ofliccrH. I In nuulu sundry obeisances to tho Commodore, and then tint ted qiiiokly down thu room, bobbing to each of ua ns ho passed. This opera, tion ho performed two or thruo times, nut! then took li ¡J sent, ripes mid tobacco were then introduced, tho nt; tendants placing them hefbra naolt person ; on the form described wusuInaquoroil tray oontninitignll tim requisitos for smoking, Including oven n vessol with burning char- coal. Wo ntl pulled away in profound Hilcnoo, looking preternaturally Hotomu, lost hiughtor should seize us. Tho sonntors oppoiito'to us evidently considered it nu' laughing luattur. At length his Excellency thought lit to open it conversation willi Ibo Commodore, which was onrriod on in this wiso. Kia Excellency beckoned to ona of tho two kneeling interpreters, who nrawlod towards him, prostrating himself repeatedly, mid received tho whispered communication from his Excellency's lip". Crawling a little buck from tho pvosnnco, lin repented it to our interpretor, still in a whisper, and tua lattar whiapored it to the Commodore. It would certainly huvo boon moro satisfactory to the rest of tho andienoo tn hnva know what was being auld ; tho conversation was lengthy, and wo woru growing woury, when a lllo of attendants cntorcd, hearing trays containing calco, a kind of solid preserve, it pooled orango, omi allom! ponr, ju- Uko turnip, exactly tho sumo things hoing in oneil tray, oven to the number of ul co» and to tho pattern nf tim coloured cUvlou, which wns ueally clnno in sugar (cit* chalk) cm onu of tho plecjs or cake. Thoso trays, liku tho Inst, were preaonted by tho nttnndniits cm their knoos. Wo eat rovorontly nf tba comestibles (they wero not sn bud,) and by lind by revm-Unl to tho pl| . . Tho soloinnlly wns at this porlnit iiitoi-ruptod by thu , arrival of nn oftloer from tho ship, with tho nowa of a Ktruiign sall having I a «ii seen lu tim oiling, a piece of in formation whioh hail tho ell'eol or cutting thu ooremony short, as wu aitspeetod lt might bo n lluislnn vessel. What furthor honoiti'B woro lu sture fin- us wi«, therefore, never knew. A cup of very wonk tua, wlthnut either milk or Hiigar, wu« quickly Reived, and soon niter his Excellency, (minting lils guests in tho «arno way as on entering, rutlrod amidst tho hisses (for the sound coi' tnlnly rosoinblod a hUa,) of lils olllner*. Tim conclave» broko up, and wo returnod tu tho ship«. Thoy did not. however, ns nt NngiiKnUI, send after ns th« things we lind eaten from as u present to eneh poison, I r.npposti th* Government would liol stund Ibo etpeiitf. 