THE PUBLIC ACCOUNTS. (To tho Editor of the Aye.) Sin,— Will you permit mo through your very Influential journal to call the attention of the Executive, and particularly that of tho Colonial Treasurer, to tlic very Rcrious inconveni once myself and others in this district aro obliged to suffer by the want of punctuality in payment of Government accounts. Some time since, ^the Gazette contained an advertisement for supplies of various kinds, and the special condition mentioned III lIUYlUUIltS LU UC 1U-JUU IWUllMiy, ? Blglll'U, Ji. 1. JlgH, ClllUUl.il storekeeper. This I tendered for at a very low rate, under the impression thnt thoso special conditions would be strictly ad hered to. But what is the result : from the 1st of January to the 2Gth May, I was left without being paid a shilling for one department. On the 1st June my account, a pretty largo one, was sent down duly certified ns to corrcctncss, that it migli' be ordered for pnymcnt. Here is the 25th, and it has not yet been paid. Now, sir, is it not too bad that tradesmen aro to be treated in this way, after being entrapped into a serious reduction in their priccs, believing they would bo paid at least as punctu ally as by a private individual, and this too at a time when there is known to be a sum little short of a million to the credit of Government ? Wo havo tho ghost of a 'sub-treasury' appointed here lately, without a shilling to pny any one. Sinco its establish ment it appcurs to act as an additional dragchain ; heretofore accounts of somo departments could ho had about the 10th or' 12th, now- nil entire month elapses before an account passes through all tlic Circumlocution Oiflce3. Tho gaoler and turnkeys hero are unpaid for the past three, months, and are, of coursc, afraid to remonstrate about it/ Previous to 1850, any trifling articles ordered by the medical attendant for prisoners ill of various diseases, could not be procured on credit from a single storekeeper in the town. The gaoler had frequently to buy some trifling comforts with his own money, for patients in a dangerous state, and rarely or never received a shilling of it aftor. May I therefore hope for tho aid of your powerful pen in stigmatising as it deserves such wilful, wanton neglect on the part of tho Treasurer and his subordinates. T nm rai^ Your obediont servant, A GOLDI-'IELDS CONTRATOR. [Wo have had a little experience lately of the Circumlocu tion Oflicc, and can understand why contractors say that they charge 20 per cent, moro to Government than to private indi viduals, in order to cover tho delay and trouble in getting their money. Thousands of pounds havo been wasted in this way. Commercial firms are moro expeditious, and certainly nio'ro safe than th t present system of red- tapism, which ought to be abolished at once.— Ei-. Age.] 