DOMESTIC INTELLIG ENCE. REo?arET.-Thl editor of the Portland Chronicle having seen the ghost of his departed self, " Regrets " to inform his friends that heo is now incapable of supply ing material for his valuable paper, and trusts to the liberality of a discerning public to supply the same. NEW BAENr BUILnoINoo.- commence muent has been made towards the erection of the new bank buildings for the Union Bank of Australia, Portland. A gre'at deal of the stone has alrealdy been quar' ried, and only waits the dri'ing iup of the roads to be brought in. In the mean time the excavations for the foundation aNiýv .A Burt.)rtcss.-fleiiels the commnunncement of the new building for the Union bank, we lperceive that a beginning' is also being made towards the erection of the now buildings for the bank ot Austra Insia, at the north-east corner of Bentinck and Julia streuts. Part of the fence is removed preparatory to the excavations for the foundations. CANDIDATE FO" THE UTJi',it IhOUSF. -WVo have authority for saying that J. Wilson, Esq., of the firm of T'inus, Wilson, and Co., Melbourne and Geelong, comnes forward as a cauli late ther the re presentation of the West:rn Province in the Legislative Council. Mr. Wilson's address will appear shortly. PasunvreitIA N Colna tc.-In anv local intelligence that we have had from time to tino to publish, respecting one of the Presbyterian Churches of this town, it has been thought stranige by soime that we have uriformnly spoken of tiat Church under the title only of " Presbyterian Church." \We b-g leave to explain the reason of this. That church cannot pro perly be described by any more iistinctivo name. The trust deed of the church in iyers street, of which the ground on which it is built was the gift of A. R. Cruikshnnk, E q., makes over tlhat build ing solely as a Presbyterian Churchll ; and no more-not n Free Church inor a Church of Scotland, nor a United PresbytOrian Church ; but simply a Presbyterian Church. That Church thIerefire could not belong exclusively to any one of the three denominations oft 1'resbyteri.ns ; without an alteration in its title deeds. It is, in this respect the most liberal Presb3 terian Church, of perhaps any in the whole colony; and in all retfrences to that building we could not otherwise designate it than uts Presbyterian and no more. Tii i VAt. unt om RtAos.- E:x nihilo nihil fit does not apply to rags, .nol no transformation pierUhips of the many ef fected )y our' industrial processes is more wondilrful and coumpleto thani that wlhereby the rags of one hemisphere are nmatle to administer to the intellectual wants and pleasure of another. In the plresent scarcity- of materials wherewith to manu faicturo papior, nany of our local merchants have been turning their ingenuity and their capital into nlw markets for textile offal ; and last week a arge saleo of rags, ilported not only fromi thel MeIitl'erralleanli, lut oven frolll Austra liin ports, was hell al, thi office of lMessrs. Jonuil GCeallme Ii ndl Co., wool brokers, of' this town, when the prices realised aver aigedl tin ailvanco of Illul uit 5. iper' "wt. upion some lots previously sold by private treaty. 'There wereo hbvrs present from IMal.c lester, LeedIs, andI London.--Li'iv' pool Daily Po.st, May Gi. Mu. Hlhitsv `Si.iKAiM i'.-l'he fire of .?UlJ was miuill ion Fridav, and thil editor of the iallar'td ' e.s hins been liberated. Wovlnx IIosui.-We have had shewn, to us a speacimen of a new kind of patent l.ose for firce p1umps, fire a:1: g'Er.nil en gincs, ships purposes, & . It i. cealle,! " Vaucher's Patent Ilose, without ,ua :1," and is supplied to order by the houge of LA..L Ilensusan, Sydney. Its advantages are tlhus dEscrilmed, ill the prospectus -- "Th'l'e Patent \WoveI IIose, without seam, is watertight, sadl resists the pressure of the nmoist powerful force-piumps ; it imayI be made of any diameter or length de sired ; it rerluires no trouble to be kept in good condition ; its price is considerably less than one-half the cost of rivettel leather Ippiling; and is adapted as well to horticultural purploses as to the various other uses to which leather hoso is gener filly applied. For tropical climates it will be found inlvaluable, its superiority over leather is so manifest, that where the \Voven Ilose requires no particular care tfi its lpeservation, and receives no injary from time influence of thle sun, the lea'ther is only preserved fiom inmmnediate des t'uction by the coutillllned appliation of grmLasy matter. 'l'10m Patent flose has unlll ergone manly severe trials of its appli cation to various lpurposes, the results of which are talluded to in tile subjoined ro ports." Frorit the specimen shewn to us, it appears to be of a kind well suited to the purposes animted. Mr. Bensusan's pros pectus quotes ia number of testtinmonials in its favour from the department of store ,keeper of her Majesty's ordnnrice. and from the proprietors of several firo engino manul acturers in Britain. And we shall with confidence recomnlluend tile patent canvas web Hose to the attention of all who are in the way of requiring such a cominodity. EccLesI ASTICAL.-The report that had obtained circulation in town, respectin,; the probable arrival of the Ro'. iMr. Pringle, to supply temporarilv the vacancy in the Presbyterian Church; originiated `from a letter received in town from that gentleoman, offering his services for a time on certain conditions; but by the same post a cornniunication also uarrived, inti mIating that the Rev. Mr. lamii:lton, a settle1r minister in MAllbourno, was en gaged to comi down by tile first opportu nity to supply for four Sundays, This ar rangenment will give- the congreogation more time to look about, and make nore deliberate nrrange?ments for the futuroe. The Rev. Mr. Hlamilton may be expected dIown by the Champion this week. LAND SoLD IN PORTLAND.-At theo meeting of the Municip il Council yester day, in the course of discussion 0:1 ona of the sabieets for considJratioa, the following I item ot statistics was given respecting Portland lands within the Mu nicipal boundary of Portland, already alioenatelI from the Crown. 'l'hat quantity is 15 acres. Thile :vcrageo plice receivcel dFo this was estimated at )lt200 per acre. 'Tiots the amount of revenue dralvai from Port land, in the item of ladls sold alone is over £:100,00:). What has Portladl received finom Goverumenot in tile way of public expetindituro in return for this .30J,000 of land salon rovonun. NIECIiANIC3' INSTITUTE. -DiSCussion class, tile subjecEl t for dis?C?lsion on Friday evening August 1st will be "Is Phrenolo gy true ori false" to be olen,md in the affir mative at 8 o'cl)ock.-TiuL? approacihes to the Institution are now bciul greatly im prove.l, at the instance of Janes Blair, E. 11. .NI. the prislroers A:r'j Io'.v iat work digging a deep trench makingi a foot p.tl, undler tile sluplerintce:lence of Mr. WValker, governor of thie gaol. It is to be hoped that the lpublic will now avail themi selves of tile aadl:vatageo offered them. 'There are about 3 p:apeirs weekly from all p trts of the colonies, antd the diggings. o'lou institution hi:s been prog'essingf ronx its ceiti'uienceinll it, an11d w\as never in a more he.tlthy coadition than :t thil present. Au)BirA, ll v. ArtiU utv.-A- miller of consilderable experience intfrm; us that lhe can procure wheat fi'o:,: Adelaide, via the Murray, six shillings per bushel cheaper than he can pIrIchase it of the Albnry far. ioers. If this stat., of thi:ngs continues, Chinesa labour imust inev;t thly be em ploycld in the up-country districts.-Ovens Adverti-.er. A LTIa.tTIONr r OF EAIORn.TION RULES. -WV are onltabled to annoulcee that the E'nig-ration Conmmissions have abolished thle regsilations by which oumigr:ants wels1 required to contribute sunms varying from t10 to £1 for each h1,.,l of a ftunily. and also by adult ilu:tiEs and fomimles after alrrival in New South \Yales. The Com ilissioners Iiiive n)wv a 10 Etul o-l I ulifortn scale'of payment friomll eiigirants for eitilhEr 'of the col'ihies of New South WYales, Vio toria, anid South Australia. T'1he paymenits nowv requlired IEtin--l'For marr;red aricul[ tural laborers, shielo erds, a'td herdsmmn, also imarrietl j)ourlIymeli mechanics and irtizains, such as in Iso.s, bricklayerls, black smiths, whllllliglhts, sa\lylers, ca:rpeiiters, &c.;, under 45 ye.rs O|' Ef ige, 1; if 45, and tnader 5!) yet.l i of age, $5; it; 5)I and ulltlld" £6, ) ?-:ars of agE, .C 1 1; siigle :nen, inot exceciluig 4,) years of aro, .C ; single wtlllO,l lnot exceeling 861 years of:ige, 10s. No pa:vments are ru'tlired for wives, or for lchil'r'n iuler i?I years of Iago accomn liyinig their lpa:rts. FI:rttnli:Dt I)lsc-VmerIr s Oi CO.AL. . g,?ltlellutll ClthledL ait oEr ollice v1EsterdaV with io:lu, sp'cim ,ii I'f coal frio, ,aappe. I'Eint. It was found croppl,.ig out of the b:,ach .It high wat"r inrik, aud the imdi catlion wer, Sllh ai; to justify the belief that largEo s,:ns of it exist. The speci 115us exhibit,:.l qIEIuEed to pirtakIte more of tihe cllharatr of bitumioilfl shale tlhani:l fl'cal, but as t!t1V were strll2k Iromn the :lulIE.,, thte yIE lil t prob iblv ofl.r a thi -i sampile of ti m1:. It" 111.1 t> bI i t in Suc!i pl Eluiti, 1s o, i iih'rk.. t. bulusve t does, the a-iticiu might be dl-ivured in 31ElhirYil;- for abriut tV!,t1 5 milling II lOil. 