TABLE-TALK OF SAMUEL ROGERS.* The Nestorian age of Samuel Rogers con- nected him familiarly with two generations ; his reminiscences extended to a time so remote that it has ceased to be even traditional, save to very old people. His whilom literary re- pute, the idea of respectability connected with the title of 'banker- poet,' his recherché mode of living, and equally perhaps with the rest, his reputation for talking epigrammatically and writing epigrams, enabled him to associate with a very varied and distinguished society. The familiar conversation of such a man could not be other than interesting, from its range and fulness of subjects. And on these two points the volume ' Recollections' will not disappoint the reader. He will be carried back to the days of Ranelagh, highwaymen, hoops, and swords. He will catch glimpses of men who were born before the house of Brunswick ruled in Britain, and be introduced to the once celebrated poet Mr. Hayley, as well as to Adam Smith and others of that era. The celebrities of the last sixty years meet him in almost every page : Fox, Burke, Sheridan, Windham, Pitt, Dundas, Wilber- force, and lesser names, in politics ; in the literature of that generation, Wordsworth, Coleridge, Mackintosh, Byron, Moore, Scott, and Campbell,—the last, we think, ' survey'd with scornful yet with jealous eyes,' Among the well-known fashionables, are the Prince of Wales in his prime, the Duchess of Devon- shire, and Lady Jersey of the scandalous chronicle, with whom Rogers was very inti- mate. Among the distinguished of our own day, or belonging to two generations, are Wellington, Brougham, Sydney Smith, the Lady Holland and her Lord Chantrey, and various others. Such names, even when the notice is trivial or the story not particularly pointed, (both of which are too often the case,) excite attention, while the brevity of anecdote or remark prevents weariness. The volume, however, may disappoint those whose expectations have been much raised by a name. Great felicity of expression can seldom be preserved, even should it occur in conversation, from the difficulties under which it must be reported. Table-talk must mainly consist of facts or thoughts. Rogers' thoughts do not seem to have been very profound. The ' banker-poet ' had looked on life without drawing many lessons from it, or ' hiving wisdom with each studious year.' He was of the world, worldly. Even when he has a thought, it generally has a direct bearing upon himself ; as in these on making up quar- rels, and old age. "When people have had misunderstandings with each other, and are anxious to be again on good terms, they ought never to make attempts at reconciliation by means of letters ; they should see each other. Sir Walter Scott quarrelled with Lady Roslyn, in conse- quence, I believe, of some expressions he had used about Fox. 'If Scott,' said she, 'instead of writing to me on the subject, had only paid me a visit, I must have forgiven him.' " There had been for some time a coolness between Lord Durham and myself ; and I was not a little an- noyed to find that I was to sit next him at one of the Royal Academy dinners : I requested the stewards to change my place at the table ; but it was too late to make any alteration. We sat down. Lord Durham took no notice of me. At last I said to him, 'Will your Lordship do me the honour of drinking a glass of wine with me ?' He answered, 'Certainly, on con- dition that you will come and dine with me soon.' * * * * * " One afternoon, at Court, I was standing beside two intimate acquaintances of mine, an old nobleman and a middle-aged lady of rank, when the former remarked to the latter that he thought a certain young lady near us was uncommonly beautiful. The middle-aged lady replied, ' I cannot see any particular beauty in her.' 'Ah, madam,' he rejoined, 'to us old men youth always appear beautiful ;' (a speech with which Words- worth, when I repeated it to him, was greatly struck.) The fact is till we are about to leave the world, we do not perceive how much it contains to excite our interest and admiration : the sunsets appear to me far lovelier now than they were in other years ; and the bee upon the flower is now an object of curiosity to me, which it was not in my early days." Remarks on literature occur, but they are not very striking, having the spirit of the grammarian rather than the critic. Quotations from obscure writers to whom Rogers referred in illustration of an opinion might as well have been spared. Some of the facts, though new when Rogers mentioned them, have become common property. His good stories are occa- sionally Joe Millers. Thus, he ascribes to Dr. Fordyce the explanation " Drunk by God !" when no effect could extract a symptom from the lady's pulse, but the character of the physician was saved by the patient next day pleading guilty to the imputations : the story is as old at all events as Radcliffe, to whose habits and language it is more appropriate. Now and then Rogers seems to report errors of fact. In early youth he was in the company of General Oglethorpe — Pope's Oglethorpe who said " that he had shot snipes in Conduit Street." This seems scarcely credible, from the manner in which the site of Conduit Street must have been surrounded by buildings. Old Bond Street was commenced in 1686 ; Golden Square was built soon afterwards — Boling- broke resided there in 1704 ; Cavendish Square was begun in 1717 ; Hanover Square and Great George Street in 1718 ; Berkeley Square in 1698, the year of Oglethorpe's birth. No doubt, in the then state of the country as regards traffic and cultivation, birds were more numerous, and would approach nearer to towns than they do now : within this century snipes have been shot, or at least sportsmen have gone snipe shooting, where the Colosseum is now built, which was then a marsh : but there were no houses round the spot. The site of Conduit Street even when Oglethorpe was in his teens could scarcely have harboured snipe. Perhaps most of the miscellaneous anecdotes are more interesting, from the names attached to them, than valuable for their intrinsic character. The two men who do not open their mouths without saying something are Sydney Smith and the Duke of Wellington. Here is the Duke. " Speaking to me of Bonaparte, the Duke of Welling- ton remarked that in one respect he was superior to all the generals who had ever existed. ' Was it,' I asked, ' in the management and skilful arrangement of his troops?' 'No,' answered the Duke ; 'it was in his power of concentrating such vast masses of men — a most important point in the art of war.' " 'I have found,' said the Duke, that raw troops, however inferior to the old ones in manœuvring, are far superior to them in downright hard fighting with the enemy : at Waterloo, the young Ensign and Lieu- tenants, who had never before seen a battle, rushed to meet death as if they had been playing at cricket.' " The Duke thinks very highly of Napier's History ; its only fault, he says, is that Napier is sometimes apt to convince himself that a thing must be true, because he wishes to believe it. Of Southey's History he merely said, ' I don't think much of it.' " " Of the Duke's perfect coolness on the most trying occasions, Colonel Durwood gave me this instance. He was once in great danger of being drowned at sea. It was bed-time, when the captain of the vessel came to him and said, ' It will soon be all over with us' — ' Very well,' answered the Duke, 'than I shall not take off my boots.' " Here are some of Sydney's. " At one time, when I gave a dinner, I used to have candles placed all round the dining-room and high up, in order to show off the pictures. I asked Smith how he liked that plan'. 'Not at all,' he replied ; 'above there is a blaze of light, and below nothing but darkness and gnashing of teeth.' " He said that ——was so fond of contradiction, that he would throw up the window in the middle of the night, and contradict the watchman who was calling the hour. " When his physician advised him to 'take a walk upon an empty stomach,' Smith asked, ' Upon whose ?' " 'Lady Cork,' said Smith, ' was once so moved by a charity sermon that she begged me to lend her a guinea for her contribution. I did so. She never repaid me, and spent it on herself.' * * * * * * * * * " Smith said, 'The Bishop of —— is so like Judas, that I now firmly believe in the Apostolical Succes- sion.' " The editor has affixed to the Table Talk of Rogers, under the title of 'Porsoniana,' a variety of anecdotes of the great Grecian. They were communicated to him by Mr. Maltby, a friend of Rogers and a very inti- mate friend of Porson. Mr. Maltby was ori- ginally a solicitor ; but, being devoted to lite- rature, — though he never wrote anything ; so that his stores of knowledge were wasted, — he gave up his business to succeed his friend in the office of Librarian at the London Institu- tion. The anecdotes of Porson which are here preserved present a picture of the man in his intemperance, his learning, his racy strength of native genius which his learning never oppressed, and, let it be said, to his honour, in his independence of character — independent alike of rank or fashion. We conceive the Porsoniana to have quite as much substantial interest as the Table-talk would have if it were considerably curtailed. Horne Tooke was well acquainted with Rogers, Maltby, and Porson. He gives two singular illustrations of the bibacious capacity of Porson ; which, strange as they look, are confirmed by some stories of Rogers. "Porson would sit up drinking all night, without seeming to feel any bad effects from it. Horne Tooke told me that he once asked Porson to dine with him in Richmond Buildings ; and, as he knew that Porson had not been in bed for the three preceding nights, he expected to get rid of him at a tolerably early hour. Porson, however, kept Tooke up the whole night ; and in the morning the latter, in perfect despair, said, 'Mr. Porson, I am engaged to meet a friend at breakfast at a coffeehouse in Leicester Square.' Oh !' replied Porson. 'I will go with you' ; and he accordingly did so. Soon after they had reached the coffeehouse, Tooke contrived to slip out, and running home, ordered his servant not to let Mr. Porson in, even if he should attempt to batter down the door. 'A man,' observed Tooke 'who could sit up four nights successively might have sat up forty.' "Tooke used to say that 'Porson would drink ink rather than not drink at all.' Indeed, he would drink anything. He was sitting with a gentleman, after dinner, in the chambers of a mutual friend, a Templar, who was then ill and confined to bed. A servant came into the room, sent thither by his master for a bottle of embrocation which was on the chimney-piece. 'I drank it an hour ago,' said Porson. "When Hoppner the painter was residing in a cottage a few miles from London, Porson, one afternoon unexpectedly arrived there. Hoppner said that he could not offer him dinner, as Mrs. H. had gone to town and had carried with her the key of the closet which contained the wine. Porson, however, declared that he would be content with a mutton-chop and beer from the next ale-house ; and accordingly staid to dine. During the evening, Porson said, 'I am quite certain that Ms«. Hoppner keeps some nice bottle for her private drinking, in her own bedroom ; so pray, try if you can lay your hands on it.' His host assured him that Mrs. H. had no such secret stores ; but Porson insisting that a search should be made, a bottle was at last discovered in the lady's apartment, to the surprise of Hoppner and the joy of Porson ; who soon finished its contents, pronouncing it to be the best gin he had tasted for a long time. Next day, Hoppner, somewhat out of temper, informed his wife that Porson had drunk every drop of her concealed dram. ' Drunk every drop of it !' cried she; ' my God ! it was spirits of wine for the lamp !' " The reader of Gibbon's Autobiography will remember his chuckle over the wretched Travis, smarting under the lash of the merciless Porson. The historian, it seems, did not con- fine himself to a posthumous compliment. " Soon after the Letters to Travis were published, Gibbons wrote a note to Porson, requesting the pleasure of his acquaintance. Porson accordingly called upon the great historian, who received him with all kindness and respect. In the course of conversation, Gibbon said, 'Mr. Porson, I feel truly indebted to you for the Letters of Travis ; though I must think that occasionally, while praising me, you have mingled a little acid with the sweet. If ever you should take the trouble to read my History over again, I should be much obliged and honoured by any remarks on it which might suggest themselves to you.' Porson was highly flattered by Gibbon's having requested this interview, and loved to talk of it. He thought the Decline and Fall beyond all comparison the greatest literary production of the eighteenth century, and was in the habit of repeating long passages from it. Yet I have heard him say that 'there could not be a better exercise for a schoolboy than to turn a page of it into English.' " When the Letters to Travis first appeared, Rennell said to me, 'It is just such a book as the Devil would write if he could hold a pen ' " There are some anecdotes of Porson as short and sharp as Reynell's criticism on himself ; but, leaving them for the reader of the volume, we will take an instance of Porson's independent spirit. " 'I hear,' said I to Porson, ' that you are to dine to- day at Holland House ' 'Who told you so ?' asked he. I replied, ' Mackintosh.' ' But I certainly shall not go,' continued Porson: 'they invite me merely out of curiosity, and, after they have satisfied it, they would like to kick me down stairs.' I then informed him that Fox was coming from St. Anne's Hill to Holland House for the express purpose of being introduced to him : but he persisted in his resolution, and dined quietly with Rogers and myself at Roger's chambers in the Temple. Many years afterwards, Lord Holland mentioned to Rogers that his uncle (Fox) had been greatly disappointed at not meeting Porson on that occasion " * Recollections of the Table-Talk of Samuel Rogers, To which is added Porsoniana. Published by Moxon. Professor Wilson's Works ; Noctes Ambrosianæ. Vol. III. Edinburgh and London : Blackwood and Sons. THE third volume of this delightful and famous work comprises the contributions to Maga between June, 1830, and November, 1832, the biilliant con- versations of two years upon matters literary, politi- cal, philosophical, artistical, historical, intellectual, local, universal, and general. The reader is in- structed, amused, and pleasantly mystified in turn by the profundity of North, the raciness of the Shepherd, the ' stick-in-the- middle' hesitancy of Tickler, and the dreamy abstractions of the Opium Eater. We make a few selections : A PEOPLE'S BULWARK. English Opium Eater : Say, — what is the bul- wark of a people — the foundation of its greatness and tho substance of its power? The virtue of the peo- ple ; their courage, their independence, the severe fortitude of their souls, their hearts filled with just and strong loves, the power of their happiness. This is the conception we form of the people of this island from north to south. This is the character which all tongues have spoken — which has been avouched from age to age — the traditionary faith received by our childhood ; and now we look around, and tremble to discover that the dream has passed away from the land. The overflow of wealth has run through it, unsettling all ancient conditions — breaking up the bonds of life, casting, even upon the husbandman amidst his fields, the restless, ungoverned, aspiring spirit of commerce- dazzling and blinding the imagi- nations of the people, and scattering among them the vices of prosperity, if it has not brought them its enjoyments. Shepherd : Dinna mak me despond o' the kintra, Mr. De Quinsey. Hoo aften, when a's black in natur, outbursts the sun, and the warld's filled wi' licht ! Oh, man ! but there's a majestic meaning in thae twa words — Great Britain ! Think ye it 'ill ever hae a Decline and Fa' like the Roman Em- pire ? English Opium-Eater : It seemeth alike to my reason and my imagination, Immortal. Shep- herd : And then think, sir, o' the march o' intelleck. That strengthens a state. English Opium-Eater : It does. But not without the flow of feeling. Shep- herd : Capital ! I was just gaun to hae said that, when you took the words out o' my mouth. English Opium-Eater : We want not, Mr. Hogg, a quantity of reasonable, contented, steady, sober, industrious inhabitants - mereChineses, and nothing more ; but we want men, who, if invaded, will spring up as one man — loving their ancestors, who cannot feel their gratitude ——. Shepherd : It would be unrea- sonable to expeck it ——. English Opium- Eater : —— and doing everything for their posterity, who have done and can do nothing for them —— . Shepherd : Gie them first time to get intil existence —and then they'll ——. Opium-Eater : —— men among whom crime is restrained, not by a vigilant police, not by an awful sense of right and wrong — who love their soil, and not only see it to be rich, but feel it to be sacred — yea ! to whom poverty and its scanty hard-wrung pittances are the gift of God ——. Shepherd : That's roosin ! You're an eloquent ——. En- glish Opium-Eater : —— who are sustained and animated in this life by the operation on their minds of their convictions of another – a people in whose vigorous spirit joy is strong, under all external pres- sure, and who, stooping out of the low doors of their huts — clay-built, perhaps, yet flower-covered – hold up smiling faces in the sunshine, and from their bold foreheads fling back the blue beauty of their native skies. THE UNION OF EARTH AND HEAVEN. Shepherd : The truth is, Mr. North, that you and the likes o' you, that hae been cavied a' your days in toons, like poultry, hae seldom seen ony real weather — and ken but the twa distinctions o' wat and dry. Then, the instant it begins to drap, up wi' the um- brella — and then vanishes the sky. Why, that's aften the verra best time to feel and understaun' the blessed union o' earth and heaven, when the beauty is, indeed, sae beauteous, that in the perfect joy o' the heart that beats within you, ye wad lauch in an atheist's face, and hae nae mair dout o' the immortality o' the sowl than o' the mountain-tap that, far above the vapours, is waiting in its majestic serenity for the re- appearance of the sun, seen brichtenin' and brichtenin' himsel' during the shower, through behind a cloud that every moment seems mair and mair composed o' radiance, till it has melted quite away. WHO THE MARRIED MISERABLES ARE. North : The misery of marriage lies among the common herd. Shepherd : There you have it, sir — amang the mean, the vile, the coorse, the brutal — where Hymen may be almost said, in the language o' Milton, 'amang the bestial herds to range ; for what are men and women, mutually 'feeding on garbage,' as Shakspeer says, but the bestial ? But wi' a' their sins and sorrows, and sometimes baith are sair, 'men o' the higher order o' genius' still partake o' an almost divine natur, — the women that marries them are to 'radiant angels linked' — Shak- speer again, sir ; — nor do they 'sate themselves in celestial beds' — Wullie ance mair — for, on leavin the eider-down o' the nuptial couch, out walks the poet amang the dewdraps o' the mornin, and as he sings his hymns at the shrine o' Natur, he feels that, lang as he is true to that religion, there is a perpetual 'bridal o' the earth and sky,' (auld Herbert,) re- minding him, as by a divine emblem, o' his ain union wi' her whom he has left in bliss, wi' a loving blossom in her bosom, aiblins the last-born o' the flock, wi' a look o' baith its pawrents mysteriously blended in its sleeping smiles. ANTICIPATION OF A UNIVERSAL PESTILENCE FROM ROAST GOOSE. Shepherd : In smells as weel's in size, he far beats any Solan. North : Gentlemen, I am ready at theo slightest signal to cut him up ; yet prudence seems to suggest the propriety of first puncturing him with the prongs of this fork, to let out any foul air that may have collected within his breast. Shepherd : Stop, sir. What if a' that mass o' appawrent flesh be naething but a foul congregation o' vapours, pent by teugh skin within the deceitfu' and absurd rotundity o' the gander ? Prick it wi' the prang, and out they'll fizz - fizz - fizz - as frae a crack in a steam-engine ; and the consequences may be fatal, sir, not only to us three and the other occupiers o' this house, but to the inhabitants o' the haill lan', nay, o' the city — let me not scruple to say, the kingdom at large ; nor, should the evil extend so widely, is it likely that it will be contented to con- fine its ravages within the limits of our sea-beat shores, but in all human probability will pass the straits from Dover to Calais, and infeck France, and, through her, Spain, and the Netherlands, &c;, till a pestilence prevail over unhappy Europe — ere long, of course, to take possession of Asia — nor, for my ain part, do I see how America and Africa can reasonably expeck to escape the general visitation — and a' this frae just pitting a prang intil the braid blawn-up breist o' the Glasgow gander ! Weel micht Pope say, 'What dire events frae trivial causes spring !' North : The picture you have drawn, James, of the probable effects of such an eruption, is at once natural and alarming ; yet I am disposed to believe, that though much foul air there no doubt must be in the animal, swollen out as we see him, much of it must have escaped in opposite directions, when, under the hands of a gang of Giz- zies, he gave up the ghost. A BATTLE OF CATS. Tickler : Miss Tabitha having made an assignation with Tom Tortoiseshell, the feline phenomenon, they two sit curmurring, forgetful of mice and milk, of all but love ! How meekly mews the Demure, relapsing into that sweet under-song — the purr ! And how curl Tom's whiskers like those of a Pashaw ! The point of his tail — and the point only is alive — insidi- ously turning itself with serpent-like seduction towards that of Tabitha, pensive as a Nun. His eyes are rubies, hers emeralds — as they should be — his light- ning, hers lustre — for in her sight he is the lord, and in his, she is the lady of Creation. * * Woman or cat — she who hesitates is lost. But, Diana, shining in heaven, the Goddess of the Silver Bow, sees the peril of poor Pussy — and interposes her celestial aid to save the vestal. An enormous gri- malkin, almost a wild cat, comes rattling along the roof, down from the chimney top, and Tom Tortoise- shell, leaping from love to war, tackles to the Red Rover in single combat. Sniff-snuff — splutter — squeak - squall-caterwaul, and throttle. * * * * Over the eaves sweeps the hairy hurricane. Two cats in one — like a prodigious monster with eight legs and a brace of heads and tails — and through among the lines on which clothes are hanging in the back-green, and which break the fall, the dual number plays squelch on the miry herbage. * * * * The four story fall has given them fresh fury and more fiery life. What tails ! Each as thick as my arm, and rustling with electricity like the northern streamers. The Red Rover is generally uppermost — but not always — for Tom has him by the jugular like a very bull-dog-and his small, sharp, tiger teeth, entangled in the fur, pierce deeper and deeper into the flesh — while Tommy keeps tearing away at his rival, as if he would eat his way into his windpipe. Heavier than Tom Tortoiseshell is the Red Rover by a good many pounds ; but what is weight to elasticity - what is body to soul ? In the long tussle, the hero ever van- quishes the ruffian — as the Cock of the North the Gander. Cat's heads are seen peering over the tops of walls, and then their lengthening bodies, running crouchingly along the cope-stones, which pricked- up ears and glaring eyes, all attracted towards one common centre — the back- green of the inextin- guishable battle. Some dropping, and some leaping down, from all altitudes, lo ! a general melee ! For Tabitha, having through a skylight forced her way down stairs, and out of the kitchen window into the back area, is sitting pensively on the steps, "And like another Helen fires another Troy." Detachments come wheeling into the field of battle from all imaginable and unimaginable quarters — and you now see before you all the cats in Edinburgh, Stockbridge, and the suburbs, about as many, I should suppose, as the proposed constituents of our next city member. * * Up fly a thousand windows from ground-flat to attic, and what an exhibition of nightcaps ! Here elderly gentlemen, apparently in their shirts, with head night-gear from Kilmarnock, worthy of Tappytoorie's self – behind them their wives-grandmothers, at the least — poking their white faces, like those of sheeted corpses, over the shoulders of the fathers of their numerous progeny — there, chariest maids, prodigal enough to unveil their beauties to the moon, yet, in their alarm, folding the frills of their chemises across their bosoms — and lo ! yonder the captain of the Six Feet Club, with his gigantic shadow frightening that pretty damsel back to her couch, and till morning hunting her troubled dreams ! 'Fire ! Fire !' 'Murder ! Murder !' is the cry — and there is wrath and wonderment at the absence of the police- officers and engines. A most multitu- dinous murder is in process of perpetration there— but as yet, fire is there none ; when lo! and hark ! the flash and peal of musketry — and then the music of the singing slugs slaughtering the Catti, while bouncing up into the air, with Tommy Tortoise clinging to his carcase, the Red Rover yowls wolfishly to the moon, and then descending like lead into the stone-area, gives up his nine-ghosts, never to chew choose more, and dead as a herring. In mid-air the Phenomenon had let go his hold, and seeing it in vain to oppose the yeomanry, pursues Tabitha, the innocent cause of all his woe, into the coal cellar, and were, like Paris and Helen, "When first entranced in Cranae's Islet they lay. Lip pressed to lip, and breathed their souls away," entitled but not tempted to look at a king, the peerless pair begin to pur and play in that subterranean paradise, forgetful of the pile of cat-corpses that in that catastrophe was heaped half-way up the currant bushes on the walls, so indiscriminate had been the outrages. The following ' fantasia,' by John Oxenford, reads like a lost chapter of the Arabian Nights :— THE DWARF'S BUBBLE. During the absence of the old magician, the dwarf- ish boy, who had been entrusted to his care, amused himself, like the unfortunate lad in Goethe's Zauber- lehrling, by looking over his master's curious appa- ratus. He scorched his eye-brows by thrusting his head into the furnace, — he burned his knuckles against a hot crucible, and he pinched his fingers by opening the huge vellum Spirit-book, which closed itself of its own accord. When he had thus disagree- ably passed a short hour or so, his eye fell on a golden saucer, filled with a bluish liquid, against the edge of which rested a glass tube. Fatigued with the oppressive air of the close room, he walked with his newly-discovered treasure into the garden, and there set about the childish occupation of blowing bubbles, as for this purpose the tube and the saucer were appa- rently intended. No sooner had he begun to exercise his breath than a perfectly clear and colourless bubble appeared at the end of the tube. As it increased in size it gradually deepened into a dark blue, which was presently streaked by a number of glittering hues, that seemed to flow like meandering streams from one bright point on the surface of the sphere. In a few minutes, during which the dwarf's attention was so deeply absorbed that he never dreamed of re- moving the tube from his lips, the bubble had swelled to such a degree that it nearly touched the ground, but as if it instinctively shunned a contact with the earth, it began to ascend, when further approxima- tion was impossible. The dwarf felt himself strongly pulled, and alarm being mingled with his admiration, he would gladly have ceased from his amusement. This, however, was not in his power; the tube was as fairly fixed to his lips as if it had grown into the flesh, and as he had begun his task so he must go on with it. Even the chance that a sudden explosion might release him seemed altogether hopeless ; for though the sphere increased with every exhalation from his lungs, it did not contract when he drew in his breath, and was evidently composed of a tough material. The sensation of pulling increased most terribly, till at last the dwarf was fairly lifted up from the ground, and was glad to grasp the tube with both his hands to diminish the painful force upon his lips. Presently he was on a level with the housetops, and found himself exposed to a new peril. For a gusty and uncertain wind arose that blew the bubble about, so that he was often within a few inches of being dashed to pieces against one of the church steeples, with which the ancient city abounded. However, this form of peril did not long continue, for he had soon risen higher than the spire of the cathedral, which, as he looked down upon it, seemed like a spike, placed on purpose to impale him in the event of a fall. Presently the city itself occupied but an insignificant portion in the view that was spread before him, comprising many miles of curious country, with the sea in the far dis- tance. The higher the dwarf rose the more his fears diminished ; and whereas he had been in an agony of terror whenever he was on the point of being grazed by a weathercock, or scraped by a pointed steeple, he now felt something like pleasure in the sensation of soar- ing through the broad expanse of a cloudless sky. He again directed his gaze to the bubble on which he had scarcely cast a glance since he had first began to ascend, so much was his attention absorbed by the objects that were the immediate causes of his terror. He was surprised to find the alteration that had taken place in its appearance. The streams of colour had in some places formed themselves into broad figures, like those of the large continents on a terrestrial globe ; and the blue, which had at first covered the entire surface, now merely occupied the place of a huge sea. Gradually, too, the surface lost its smooth- ness, and the sphere, instead of looking like an artifi- cial earth, began to appear like a reality on a small scale ; for small hillocks sprouted up in various places, and from some of these threads of fluid began to dart forth and seek out the blue, which was now rippled over, and in constant motion. The sphere itself still went on expanding, till at last it lost the appearance of a sphere altogether ; and as the hillocks became taller, the dwarf found himself surveying a plain surrounded by lofty mountains. His feet, which had hitherto been suspended in the air, now dropped upon what we may call the ground, and the tube melting away from his lips, he found himself at liberty to wander about in the strange country, which had developed itself on the surface of the bubble. For a while he amused himself with climbing about the hills and picking flowers in the valleys, from time to time casting his eyes to the earth which he had left, and which now appeared as a colourluss globule sus- pended at an immense distance in the deep blue sky. However, this sort of diversion soon became dull and monotonous, and it was not without pleasure that, after passing through a rocky ravine, he came to a circular patch of meadow, round which was arranged, as in an African kraal, a number of small pavilions, glittering with gaudy colours, and shaped after the Chinese fashion. At the door of each of them sat an urchin, clad in the motley garb of a court jester, so completely absorbed in the act of blowing bubbles, as to take no notice of his neighbours, or indeed of any surrounding object. There they all remained with their eyes fixed on the growing globules till they nearly squinted, and as soon as one of the fragile creations had attained a certain diameter they launched it forth into the air, and then immediately set about the formation of another. Of the presence of the visitor they were wholly unaware till he roused their attention with a loud 'ahem !' — when they raised their eyes with a peevish expression of countenance, and, laying aside the straws which they had used, gathered round the intruder. 'Whence do you come ?' said one of the throng. ' I come from a great distance from another world,' said the dwarf. Upon this they looked at each other with an air of supercilious con- tempt, and the speaker coolly exclaimed, ' Ridiculous ! There is no other world but this ! You mean you came from the nations on the other side of the moun- tains. Probably you are of the laborious tribe of the Chaff-threshers, or, as your eyes have a dull and heavy appearance, you may be one of the Dreamers. However, we do not pretend to know much about foreigners ; we are so much occupied with the noble pursuit in which you found us engaged that we have no time left for inferior studies.' 'Idid not come from the other side of the mountain, — nor from any spot in this world of yours ; but as I have told you already, I come from another world. If you will cast your eyes upwards in that direction,' he added, pointing to the remote earth, 'you may see It now.' 'That ? That up there ?' exclaimed the most loquacious of the group. 'That is not a world — that is only a bubble, which I made a few minutes ago, and which has soared up into the air.' ' Ney,' said another, 'you are not quite correct. The object which this maniac terms a world is indeed no more than a bubble, — but then it was I that made it.' ' Truly,' grumbled a third, 'one of you is just as correct as the other, seeing that the bubble to which you refer was produced by neither, but that I am the author of its existence.' 'No, —it was I — it was I — it was I,' shouted voices in every direction ; and the aspect of supercilious indifference which had been so striking in the whole group was now changed into one of savage fury. They uttered violent imprecations, and inter- changed heavy blows, and soon other urchins came rushing in a throng from the interior of the pavilions, and ranged themselves on the various sides of the com- batants, as though the latter had been so many chieftains. Stones and other missiles flew liberally about, and the dwarf was often obliged to bob down his head, lest he might receive a stray blow in the general conflict. Presently the battle became more serious ; for some of the urchins, running back into the pavilions, brought out torches, and with them began to set fire to the habitations of their neighbours. A violent explosion terminated this scene of horror ; and the dwarf found himself lying in his master's garden, with the tube and golden saucer by his side, and the magician leaning over him. 'Good heavens ! what have I done ?' exclaimed the dwarf, in accent of terror, for he dreaded the wrath of his master. 'Nothing more than many other people,' replied the magician, smiling. 'You have only mistaken your own bubble for an entire world.' An interesting feature of The Train, as developed in the present number, is a spirited translation by 'R. B. B.,' (? Robert B. Brough,) of some of the ballads and romantic poems of Victor Hugo. 