BRIGHTON RACES. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 6TH, 1856. There have been less people at the New Town Races than met together at Brighton yesterday, and we are glad to bear testimony to the very creditable way in which everything Went off". Some necessary reforms will have to be introduced (as early as possible and then the meeting will want undoubtedly rival every other in the colony. The course was in capital order, smart shower or two of rain on the Wednesday, night having done considerable good. The horses were all in fine condition, the jockeys in excellent temper, the Stewards most attentive and polite, the Secretary must vigilant and active. The Brighton Belles were more captivating than ever, the proverbial hospitality of the gentry was well maintained, and the whole concourse were exceedingly delighted. Cooley and Goble laid on the omnibuses, the Green Ponds coaches were there, besides a large number of vehicles brought down by the Hobart Town visitors. The accomplished dragoman of Lemon Springs' had brought down his sporting " drag," and his levee was fashionably attended. The innkeepers of the district had laid in plenteous supplies for the settlement of their friends, and the money seemed to circulate very freely. The first event of the day was the BRIGHTON TOWN PLATE of £50, with a Sweep- stake of 5 Sovs, added. 3 yrs. old, 7st. 12lbs. 4 yrs. old, 8st. 18th.; 5 yrs. old, 9st. Giba; 6 yrs. old and aged, 9st. 12lbs. Heats, twice round the course. Entrance, 3 sovs. Mr. W. H. Bence's g m. Miss Lucy, aged ; blue jacket, pace cap. 1 1 Mr. E. Luttrell's o.g. Peter, aged; scarlet jacket, black cap. 2 2 Mr. W. Kearney's ban. Fleur-de-Lis, 4 yrs. 9 tartan jacket, black cap. 3 3 Mr. T. Jarvis' b m. Lady of the Lake, 4 yrs. ; blue jacket, black cap. 4 dr Mr. Al. Wilks' g.g. Pasha, 6 yrs. ; scarlet jacket, gold cap. 6 dr Mr. R. Johnson's b m. Coquette, aged; pink jacket, black cap.'.. 0 dis Mr. A. Butler's'b.g.Albemarle,4 yrs. ; blue jacket handicaps. 7 dr Miss Lucy had the advantage at starting and kept it all the way, closely pushed by Peter, admirably ridden by one of the Luttrell's. The riding of Kearney, although unsuccessful, was highly spoken of, and promising hopes are encouraged of his attaining, celebrity on the Tasmanian Turf. Coquette gave her rider a turn over, which he got out of remarkably Well, and even afterwards almost managed to save his distance. Mr. Hence publicly stated that Miss Lucy was open to him any horse in Tasmania a four-mile race, carrying Town Plate weights, for £500. BRIGHTON CUP, Valued 70' sovs., given by the Messrs, Butler, with a Sweepstake of 5 sovs. added. Weights 3 yrs. old, 8st. 4lbs.; 4 yrs. old, 9st. 4lb.; 5 yrs. old, 10st. (tubs.; 6 yrs. and aged, list. 4lbs Entrance 3 sovs. Mr. D. Stanfield's bikes. Phantom, 4 yrs.; green jacket, red cap. 1 1 Mr. W. H. Moule's blk.m. Jessica, aged; blue jacket, puce cap. 2 dr Mr. T. Y. Lowes's ban. Balaclava, 4 yrs. ; orange and purple. dr Mr. A. Burns' b.g. Smike, 5 yrs. ; blue and green jacket, block and red cap. de ' Only two horses came up to the post, Jessica and Phantom. The mare, which had not the ghost of a chance, was withdrawn after the first heat, and Phantom walked over for (the cup. The cup was presented by Dr. Butler in most appropriate and complimentary terms, and the ceremony excited the greatest enthusiasm. 'HUNTERS'' STAKES of 40 sovs., with a Sweep- stake cf sovs. added. Twice round, A er nightcaps. Weights-list. 7lbs. Entrance 2 sovs. Mr. G. Bisdee's Nobler, aged; blue jacket blue cap. 1 Mr. Burgess' blk.g. Zolinib, aged; blue jacket, black cap 2 Mr. E. Johnson's Skyrocket, aged; pink jacket, black cap. 0 Mr. P. Smith's Moss Rose, aged; tartan jacket, price Cap.,. 0 Opinions varied as to who would be the winner of the steeplechase The whole of the horses came up to the post, Zohrab being most decidedly the animal to our taste. She is a strong, powerful horse, and was in excellent condition. She was crossed by Manoo's protege, who, we were informed, has never before rode in a steeplechase He deserved to win, but the Fates decided otherwise, just when the pa sage was within his grasp. The start was an excellent one. Old Nobler refused the first fence, but with a little cautious management he was soon got into proper trim and performed his work very well. . Tim,' the rider of Skyrocket, and Kellog, the owner of Now Rose, were both thrown at the second fence, and the excitement which prevailed was intense. Zohrab and Nobler took every fence the first round, the mare racing Nobler in excellent style. In the second round Zohrab headed him gallantly, and appeared to have it all her own way, but her rider was thrown at the third fence-a dead Wood fence-from the Stand. Nobler here made his ground, but fell at the next fence apparently stunned. He got up and reached the winning-post before the arrival of Zohrab, who cleared the fence e Nobler had tumbled at as clean as a whistle. In connection with the frequent refusals of the horses, we may as well state our opinion, that a great deal, of that might have been prevented by the widening of the fences. The space of a few feet upon each side at least might easily have been blocked up with wattles, of which there are abundance near the course. The experience of all stock riders goes to prove that the honestest horse in the world will never take a fence when he sees a fair chance of getting round it HACK RACE of 10 sovs. Once round the course, single event, Entrance, 4 sor. Mr. Fryett's Dnshaway 1 Mp. Mezger's Euphemia. 0 Mr. Luckman's Butcher. 0 Mr. Scott's Gamecock. 0 Mr. Hill's Fidget.'.. 0 Mr. Thomas's Little John 0 Mr. Chalmers's Kitty. 0 Mr. Moore's Tasman .'.. 0 Mr. Stanfield's Venus 0 Mr. Kearney's Richmond Lass. 0 Mr. G. Kearney's Cobweb 0 Mr. Allwright's Randall. 0 As may be judged from the number of entries, this was an out-and-out scramble. It was won in dashing style by Dash away. This was the finale, there seemed, however, to be a strong inclination to keep up the sports when we left the course, and we have no doubt there will be plenty of sport to-day. In conclusion, we may remark that the Committee ought to be well supported. Liberal subscriptions and judicious expenditure will most ' undoubtedly render the Brighton Races the best in the colony. " 