1 LAUNOESTON. \- June 28th 1860. During t e present week so little ltus occurred of public nterost, tluit'wore it not for tho pre sence of 1 toso deserving aetors, Mr. aud Mrs. Poolo nn Mr. Warner, I should have hardly anything to communicate. The Mirth Star, paddle steamer, went away on Mon/ay last, and, although she is. a largo vessel, q greater tonnago titan is required for our Mcil'oui'iie trade, yet she went awav full. Evou lor unoccupied cabins worostowed with freight Some of tho shareholders of tlie Launpiton Steam Navigation Company wore ainoiK tho shippers ; und thoir own boat, the Royif Shepherd, wont away ompty. Any one but/no shareholders themselves, would sup- pos7 that tho sooner a company, that was so unprtunate, was dissolved, tho hotter it would haver tho pockets of those holding shares ; uyanwhile, nothing appears to be doing, ex empt tho weokly loss of running vessels witFi- rftt freight. Tito position of the company and me directors is becoming more aud mora en igmatical, und it will bo 11 matter of interest to learn how its affairs are to be wound up. Iiamlot and Macbeth havo been producod at the Lyceum Theatre during tlie weok. A very Bmidl company attended tho representa tion of the former, owiug to tho determined of tho weather ; but thero was a crowded audience to witness, tho lattor. Mrs. Poolo took tlie charaoter of Lady Maoboth. Mr. Warner aims high. In oorning before tho pnblio in those eharaotors, ho assorts his ambition to climb to tho top of tho tree. Any- ono having a knowledge of what is required of a finishod actor, may entertains appre hensions as to his success ; but no one, I think, wovld induce hitn, in his present posi tion, lo desist from tlie rugged path ho uus marked out for himself. To all appearances a bright career is before him ; ho has youth, physical requirements, and ability, whether that ability will, in future 'be callod gonius, remains to I10 soon. But ho must not for a moment forgot what is required of ono who aims as ho does. To tho aaoomplishinonts of all personal graoos must bo ndded n highly cultivated mind, quick to porceive, and able to exhibit the metaphysical refinements of the dramatic art. I call them metaphysical refinements because the drama may bo considered a prao tical school of motapliysios, oven as our entor-- taining friends Dttgal Stuart and Reid belong to tho theoretical. To bo perfect us an actor, who aspires to represent tho grand eonoeptions of a Shnkespoaro, nil meutnl accomplishments are required as woll as the gifts peculiar of nature. Tlie labour is groat, — the pathway steop ; ho who would undortake this labour, and trend thiB pathway, deserves tlie rownrd for his dovotodness of purposo. May Mr. Wamor's hopeful ondoavours bo crownod with suoooss ; aud if I10 does succeed, he will havo avoidod no study, however laborious, no pains taking, however minute its objects might he - in their individual value. I cannot speak of the manner in which tho character of Mabeth was represented as a whole, having only soon the third not, but the way in which that act was read, inoreased the feeling of disappointment caused by missiug tho rest. Thero is no scone moro trying than tho banquet seeno, and any inadequateness in tlie actor is soon felt by tlie audience. The majority will not believo in tho possibility of ghosts, from tho appalling nature of such oven supposed visions; tho bolief in having seen such a sight has been generally attended with most melancholy results. No little matter thon is required of unaotor, to come up to the idea of an audience upon this subject T'lioy know, of courso, it is no ghost, tho reality of tlie terror alone must, if it can, givo tho horror to -the scono. Mr. Warner was more than ordinarily successful in this scene,— the murderer looked upon his dead victim ; ho may at ono time iucliuo to the boliof that thore is tio suoh tiling, but the very sight itself is sufficient to unhinge tlie whole man, almost disturb the seat of reason Tho unanimous verdiot of tlie house pro; nouucecl tins scene successful, nnd tho whole is spoken of ns -equally excellent, hut of course I cuu only, speak of what I myself observed 