MELBOURNE. (from ouk own correspondent.) November 15th. 1856. Tlio neat approach of the sitting of Parliament "will supersede our speculations of the policy which will be pursued. The Government party— that i3 to say, the officials and their satellites—are inspired with confidence, that place and its emolu ments are not to depart by an unprovided death. The present with them are halcyon days—" Carpe diem is tlieir motto ; tlie iuture can take care ot itself. The Opposition, whether they sit above or below the gangway, or on the cross benches, are all-powerful in numbers, ability, and popular favor. Every member who is not with the Government, is against it. The ministry is known in its members, its policy, and its acts. It has had sufficient time to make a character, good or bad. Those who do not take their seats on the ministerial side of the House, virtually exhibit " want of confidence"— those who wish to express things in language, fuitedjjto cars polite, call it diffidence of the powers that be. Both amount to the same thing. Though the Government people promulgate exaggerated vauntings of strength at the bidding of their masters and patrons, you may rest assured that the ministers have not a working majority. If the liberals play their gam* with judgment, it will bo seen upon the first trial of strength, upon a legiti mate occasion, that the ministry will bo in a mi nority, What I mean by a legitimate occasion, is upon a division upon a measure in which the people are interested, and in favor of which they have pro nounced. The phlegmatic members in the liberal ranks, and such are to be found, in every body of men, have at present a plea for sitting below (lie " gangway,'' that they do not know the Opposition, its leaders, or the mode in which thoy will redeem their pledges to the people. The people themselves look on, content to watcli the progress of the game. Tliey are in the hack ground, ready to coma for ward when they see necessity for their interference. Whatever may be the plan; of the game on either side, the first pawn has not been yet moved, and it is useless for them or me to analyse what wu cannot possibly know. The knights and the bishops on either side will take their places on the hoard as the game proceeds, but it is a universal remark that the lookors on are the most acute to deloct a false move, the players are too uiueh absorbed, too much interested to make the best use of their eyes. Hope is the most de lusive and self-complaisant passion of the human mind; it is the anchor which holds the- cabinet, | to its moorings, but as the holding ground is it will drive in the first ;;alo of wind whiu)'. djs'' turbs the politick atmosphere. These fjoocJ Ministers of ours arc, putting their house in order, expeotant of a Speedy dissolution. The life interest in officii Vm'cli has been so long promised to them by tb.'e Argus, has already become a dissolving view, }ind they have made up their minds to f.eet their end with Christian resignation. At tlio oommanil of the Governor, they will on Thursday next for the first time in their official lives put themselves upon their knees to pray that they may be directed. It would havo been well if tliey had sooner bethought themselves of this pious exercise ; but better late than never, though moralists assure us that but alight reliance can be placed upon death-bed reformations, but faith can remove mountains. They have faith, and hope and charity will not be before they die. ! Indeed they make a manifestation of that virtue elso, for in the exercise of fraternal love, they call upon the people—without distinction of crccd or sect—to join them in prayer. The political mil lennium has arrived at last. It is t\ fpnsolation to think that these sinners \y$ give up the ghost possessed of the tli^e cwlinal virtues, and that the people. \yM oxciaim one and all " God bo with them.' Their days are numbered, and they know it, though the compassionate indulgence of the people may give them time to make thvAV feai will and testament. I visited ycslcrdny ko,tli Houses of Parliament, and I canijqt sea the possibility of the two cham bers being iinisheci for the despatch of business. One of tliom is in a state of forwardness, and may answer (lie purpose of assembling and perfuming the indispensable preliminaries, J tJioviM not be surprised if this incompM^es^ °f M10 chambers and the approaching arrlyal of tho new Governor, should he made an'cxcuso by tho Government to. put off the evil day, by proposing vn !ulj,OA\\\'UWCHt until the' Chambers o,ro roado ivnd the Governor has arrived. O/i tlip other hand, I under stand tlip^ thp JjUnUtryluwo several billa in a state of preparation to do presented to Parliament j but, i rs y-au way assumo, none of them, como within tho programme of the peoplo, it may bo-their. pq- j Hey t<> occupy tho time of the Houso \yitV them vtutil thy Governor itrrives, As wo Imvv now h full, j Parliament, and no nominees to do the will of the Minister,, it will depend upon the House ot' As sembly to decide whether they will permit the delay, should any such proposal be made. It appears pretty evident to me, from the glean ings I gather from one quarter and another, that the liberal party—the possibility of which I havo already anticipated—will be divided into two sec tions, but I do not apprehend that any great injury will arise from that circumstance. There will be always divergences of opinion among bodies the best disciplined and organised, while in our case, where the work before onr representatives is so new to many of them, a perfect and cordial coin cidence eould scarcely have been expected. It is enough for a beginning that they hold principles in common, and are pledged to definite measures of reform dictated by the people. Doctor Ilunter had, yesterday, in liis action for damages against the Magistrates at whose instance he was indicted for perjury, a verdict of nominal damages. The Argus is not satisfied with the vordict, the disapproval apparently prompted by the fact, that John Thomas Smith, for whom it has a peculiar regard, was one of the defendants. It is a remarkable characteristic of that journal, de veloped in the biographies of the ninety, that in. treating of persons, it invariably cuts witii a two edged sword. Whatever praise it confers, it neu tralises by censurc; whatever censure it bestows, it palliates by faint praise. In this case the jury gave a wrong verdict, but Doctor Hunter deserved :io better at thoir hands, upon the scoi'e of his treatment of his wife, out of which the (litigation arose. Doctor Hunter, no doubt, might have ill treated his wife, and yet not have been guilty of perjury. The jury should have kept the two things separate—so argues the Argus; but, in commenting on the verdict, it ought to have prac tised its preachings, and done the same, but John. Thomas Smith stopped tho way. 