CONSECRATION OF THE NEW CHURCH OF ST. PHILIP. The consecration of the above edifice took place yes- terday, at eleven o'clock a.m., when there were upwards of 1200 persons present, the majority of whom were, of coarse, members of the Chureh of England ; but there were present many members of other religious bodies. The sacred edifice is situated at the apex of Church hill, and is built on land obtained from the Government in exchange for the site of St. Philip's Old Church. The structure has been erected under the superintendence of Mr. Blacket. lt is 135 feet in length, and 81 feet in breadth, and is of the Gothic order of architecture. There are three aisles - the middle one of which may be said to form the grand aisle ; and the lesser ones, which are called the side aisles, are supported by pillars and arches of a highly ornamented Gothic style. The east- ern window is a splendid piece of workmanship, con- sisting of stained glass, variegated with flowers and interspersed with texts of Scripture of an appropriate character. The stained glass for this window alone cost upwards of £200. The western window is fitted with plain glass, and is of considerable dimensions ; but as it is likely that the organ, which it is intended to place in the gallery at the western end of the building, would shut out the view of the window from the inside of the church the glass in it will not be stained. The windows on the northern and southern sides of the building are in the Gothic style, and fitted with stained glass. A very powerful organ is, we be- lieve, on the way out from England, of which £500 is anticipated to be the cost, and towards the liquidation of which item, nearly £200 have already been collected. It is intended, when sufficient funds shall have been collected, to build a large spite and belfry at the western end of the church. About £1000 would be necessary to erect the spire and belfry; and we are in- formed that a peal of eight bells, the donation of Mr. John Campbell, of Campbell's Wharf, is shortly expected from England. The baptismal font is of colonial sand- stone, and reflects great credit on the artist whose work it is. The gas fittings are by Mr. F. R. Robinson, and are elaborately finished, and well disposed with regard to lighting the building. The pews, which are perfectly open, are sufficiently numerous to afford accommodation for upwards of 800 persons. The sanctuary is enclosed by a cedar railing of nome architectural beauty; and within that space are the ecclesiastical chairs, and two stalls built of solid stone, and forming niches in the southern side of the wall, within the railings'just mentioned. They are for the use of the Lord Bishop of Sydney, and the Venerable Archdeacon of Cumberland. The altar or communion-table, occupies a large portion of thc sanc- tuary, and is covered with costly silk velvet, bordered with gold ; and the floor of the enclosed space is covered with rich Brussels carpet. The foundation of the sacred edifice was laid on the 1st of May, 1848, by the Venerable Archdeacon Cowper, and the building has cost upwards of £12,000, which large amount has been raised wholly by the parishioners and their friends-no assistance whatever having been afforded by the Government. The Venerable Archdea- con Cowper has been ministering in the parish of St. Philip, during a period of 40 years, and is even now enabled to assist in the performance of the duties con- nected with the extensive district placed under his charge. The Rev. G. W. Richardson, a young gentle- man admitted to holy orders within a recent period, is the curate of St. Philip's Church. We proceed now to a brief description of the cere- monies which took place yesterday : As nearly as we could ascertain, the following are the names of the ecclesiastics present, and assisting at the consecration :- The Lord Bishop of Sydney, with his Chaplains, the Rev. Canon Allwood and Rev. Mr. Synge ; the Chancellor, the Venerable Archdeacon Cow- per; Rev. Dr. Woolley, Principal of the Sydney Univer- sity ; Rev. Dr. Steele, Rev. William Cowper, Rev. William Wilson, Rev. Mr. Richardson, Rev. Mr. Stack, Rev. G. Gurney, Rev. Mr. Hayden, Rev. Mr. Ashwin, Rev. Mr. Turner, Rev. Mr. Seivinger, Rev. G. King, Rev. R. King, Rev. H. King, Rev. Mr. Wilkinson, Rev. Canon Walsh, Rev. Mr. Priddle, Rev. Mr. Hassall. H. Kerri- son James, Esq., acted as registrar. His Grace the Lord Bishop, and the various clergy- men, having formed themselves into procession, pro- ceeded from the vestry to the western entrance of the building; when having entered, the trustees, Messrs. John Campbell, G. R. Ingelow, and J. A. Mathews, pre- sented the petition requesting his lordship to consecrate the church. The procession then went forward to the sanctuary, the Bishop and clergy repeating alternately the verses of the 21th psalm. The psalm ended, and firmulary prayers gone through, the Chancellor, the Venerable Archdeacon Cowper, read the sentence of con- secration, which was signed by the bishop, and ordered, together with the petition, and other instruments to be registered among the muniments of his office. A por- tion of the service for the day having been read, as also the 84th, 122nd, and 142nd psalms, the officiating minis- ter read the first lesson from 1 Kings, viii., v. 22 to v. 62 inclusive. The second lesson was- from Hebrews, x, v. 10 to v. 26 inclusive. The officiating minister then read the collect for the day, and his lordship read a short prayer. The choir then sung the 1st, 5th, 6th and 8th verses of the 84th psalm, together with the concluding " Gloria Patri," as follows : 1\. How pleasant is thy dwelling-place, O Lord of Hosts to me ! The tabernacles of Thy grace How pleasant, Lord, they be ! 5\. O they be blessed that may dwell Within Thy houe always ! For they all times Thy facts do tell And ever give Thee praise. 6\. Tea, happy sure likewise are they Whose stay and strength Thou art. Who to Thy house do mind the way And seek it in their heart. 8\. From strength to strength they go full fast. No faintness there shall be. And so the God of gods at lost In Sion they do see. To Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Immortal glory be ; As was, and is, and shall be still. To all eternity. His Lordship then read the following dedicatory prayer : O most glorious Lord God, we acknowledge that we are not worthy to offer unto Thee anything belonging to us ; yet we be- seech Thee, in Thy great goodness, graciously to accept the dedication of this place to Thy service, and to prosper this our undertaking: receive the prayers and intercessions of us, and all others Thy servants who either now or hereafter entering into this house shall call upon Thee ; and give both them sad us grace to prepare our hearts to serve Thee with reverence and godly fear; affect us with an awful apprehension of Thy Divine Majesty, and a deep sense of our own unworthiness; that so, ap- proaching Thy sanctuary with lowliness and devotion, and com- ing before thee with clean thoughts and pure hearts, with bodies undefiled, and minds sanctified, we may always perform a service acceptable to Thee, through Jesus Christ our Lord. - Amen. The Chaplains then read the Epistle and Gospel. The Epistle was selected from 1 Cor., xii., v. 12 to v. 31 inclusive; and the Gospel from John, ii., v. 13 to v. 17 inclusive. His Lordship next read tho Nicene Creed, after which the choir sung the 100th psalm. The Bishop next proceeded from the episcopal seat on the north side of the altar, and delivered a very elo- quent and impressive sermon, describing the manifesta- tions of the Divine economy under the Old Testament dispensation, and passing from that subject to the sub- ject of Gospel power and influence. In relation to the Israelites, God had selected therm from among the various races of rnan, and had conferrel great privileges upon thom, spiritual and temporal. So long as they remained faithful, and served not idols and inanimate gods, he was with them as a pillar of fire in the desert ; and in the temple manifested His presence by signs the most won- derful and incontrovertible. When the Israelites deserted His Divine law and fallowed the wickedness of Rebe- boam. God permitted the Babylonian captivity as a punishment for their faithlessness. They were again, on repentance, restored to favour and forgiveness, and again forgot the omnipresence of Jehovah ; and, finally, a terrible and complete destruction befel the Jewish people through their infidelity. The Christian religion conferred greater privileges, and in return demanded of as a more lively faith and a warmer charity. Christi- anity was a spiritual worship, and could only be found in connection with a pure heart and upright mind. There could exist no traces of Christianity where the spirit of Christ did not bear testimony with our spirit. The edifice in which they were assembled was to be dedicated to the service of God. His lordship then went on to say that they were assembled to conse- crate that church, which bore the name of the oldest church in the colony - being nearly half a century old. The new edifice had cost upwards of £11,000, which amount bad been raised among the parishioners and their friends ; much, however, remained to be done. He hoped that the sum which should be collected that day would go a long way towards completing the good work. He might be permitted to express a hope that the venerable pastor of the parish would be long spared to his loving congregation. That venerable man had borne the burden and heat of the day, and it would be consol- ing to him if he could now witness the fruits of his arduous work; that he might show the weary and heavy laden where they might rind rest; that he might dry up the mourner's tears, and at the end of his glorious career he would with many of his faithful and loving congrega- tion appear before the throne of God to obtain the reward of his long and arduous labours. His Lordship then pronounced the episcopal benedic- tion, after which the major part of the congregation re- tired, and the Holy Communion was administered. A collection was made at the doors, and the sum of £62 14s. 6d. was gathered; at the offertory a further sum of £54 7s. 6d. was contributed ; making in all £117 2s. at the morning service. 