€t)i llrtrnpalia. [FROM OUR OWN' CORRERroNDENT.] Tlio 'ministerial ori»is,' ns it is not improperly termed, lins formed the' subject of much excitement tliis week. O11 Moiulny -1 rerv numerons meeting, convened by tlie t'rieihla of Mr. Cowper, wns held iu the Prince of Wales Theatre, Castlorenurh-street, every nook and corner of which wns crammed. Never before did tho boxes of that splendid theatre present such a motly appearance. At eight o'clock, Mr. Pennington was called to the chair and proceeded to address tlie assembly ; but scarcely had he uttered -five words when ho was assailed by such a volley of hooting, and other narks of disapprobation, as, effectually prevented a Mentence being heard. It was at once evident that the house inul been partied bv a mob, and from the frequent repetition of tho words 'the dirty, Irish,' an expression that had been incautiously used by one of the 'buuch on tho hustings, there was 110 dilll cnltv in tracing, the origin of disturbance, one after another of tlio promoters of the meeting, Or Lang included, endeavoured to make themselves heard ; but they might as well have. attempted to calm a hunican, so determined were the hostile party to drown their eloquence, in which they effectually succcodedvr It was more than a diimb'sbow. Led .011 'by Dr. Duignn,. one. of the unsuc cessful candidates at the last election, tho obstructives proceeded to acts of outrage, during which, chairs, tables, mid the fittings of the theatre wore broken into pieces and converted 'into misiles. Whilst the Doctor was gesticu lating someone removed the chair upon whieh lie had been sitting, .and when he eamo lo resume his seat, down he went plump overhead and heels into tho orchestra, whence lie emerged with -the loss of .a coat tail. and no small accession of wrath. When the fragments of the tables nud benches began to flv about, -most of the audience thought it time to bu off, but enough remained to threaten further mischief; to prevent which tho lessee turned oft part of tlio gas. nnd stated his determination to put a total eclipse upon the visitors, who then prudently beat a retreat. O11 Tuesday afternoon, a meeting of tlie friends of Mr. Donaldson was held at tho Victoria Theatre, when tho scene of the preceding day was re-enacted, as far as regarded an etlectual interuptiun of the proceedings. Like its predecessor, a|l wns pantomime, not a person who attempted a speech being allowed to proceed. Somo resolutions wero nevertheless moved ami carried by tlio gentlemen on the platform, the tenor of them being an approval of Mr. Hay's vote of censure, and that the Cowper ministry had violated the spirit of the constitution by remaining 111 office after. that vote It was determined by the friends of M. Cowper to hold an adjourned. meeting at the race-courae on Wednesday ;. ?Mr. Hirst in the chair; but 011 that morning an adver tisement appeared, stating that 'the expression ot opinion so,unni|stakeably manifested at the Victoria did away with the neccsily of holding the meeting,' and that the Governor bail ' sent for the squatting member, Air. Huv, to form a government.' The above demonstrations liavo led to another phase; i li the 'crisis'- — tho appointment ot a third ministry,, ?with Air. Parker at its head. (:lt will be recollected that this gentleman contested tho speakership with Mr. Cooper,; and was defeated by a majority ot tho casting vote.) .Tlie Governor was strongly urged to dissolve the House ; but His Kxcellencv declined acting upon this advice, iv general election having taken place so recently. Mr. Parker having mado tho necessary arrangements . for filling tho various olliees, ho will, as in tlio previous changes, require a vacation of some weeks, lor tho re election of the persons who have necepted ofllee, for devising a new tarill' for tho augmentation of the re veil no, and preparing other measures to be proposed to the House 011 its re-assembling. The quick succession of new ministries reminds lis of Tianqiio's ghost. Two have crossed the stago and dis appeared in turn. Well will it bo lor the Govornorit ho he able to exclaim with Slaobeth, after the third experi ment, ' I'll see no more.' Almost tho only legislative business transacted this week luis been tho passing of a bill through both Houses, to enable tho Government to raise 200,000/. 011 debentures ?for the caarying 011 of railway works, nnd to borrow 73,7707. to pay off debentures becoming due. The Govern or in person gavo tho royal assent to tho bil- in the Legislative assembly to day, with tho usual ^formalities. This is the first Act under tho new constitution. Business operations in Sydney continue iu an unsatis factory state, nud_ the. increasing list of insolvencies, un fortunately confirms the fact-. Tho estate ot Mr. Harold ?Smith, merchant, (trading under the firm of Smith and Co., successors to Crawley and Smith), has this week been surrendered in the Insolvent Court, llie liabilities are said to ho about £60,000, and the assets not tar short of that amount, but the schedule has not yet been filed. Tlnvtwo principal creditors reside in Kngland. A rule nisi lias b^cn granted to show cause why tho estate of Frederick' Urine Darvall, Esq., (one of tho Commis sioners for the cit v) should hot ho put under sequestration. :.Tho Dunbar, Captain Green, fwhie.h milled Ironi 11. V- mouth 011 tlio 1st July, ntnved here on Sunday, uftei a Y : 'l' fine passage of 88 days. Tho cabin passengers presented an address of eulo-ry to Captain Green. Tho Thomas Re.ytlon , from London (144 days) has brought a car-;o of beer, spirits, and general merchandise. I-'rom Manila we have 29,40G bags of sugar, and from Adelaido 1095 ba^s of flour. 0 The news of late from tlio diggings at Stonev River and Rocky Creek has been to the effect, that tho produco continued to be remunerative, and all but tho lazybones are at least making what is termed wages. A low days ago, tho exciting report was circulated in Sydney, on the authority of a letter from a Mr. Ilersusan, that a nugget of the marvellous weight of five hundred pounds had been found at a depth of only ten feet. It turns out, however, that tho pen of the writer, liko tho tabled philosopher's stone, had converted tho mass into gold, as it proves to bo merely a. lump of quartz with somo streaks of gold in it, nnd instead of being worth twenty thousand pounds, as was stated, about ton pounds might ho its real value when tho operat ion of crushing shall have extracted what of tho precious metal it contains. Wo have an accession to our theatrical staff, in the persons of two young ladies named Gengerheim, ono of whom rejoices in the prefix of 'Joey;' and Mr. M'Kean liuehanan, called in the advertisements 'tho great American Tragedian.' Mr. Wnllack of English celebrity, is also expected shortly to swell the list of Australian aspirants. A younsr woman named Pawsley, in tho service of Mr. Jude, of Pitt-street, died suddenly 011 Sunday last, after murdering her new-born infant. At tho inquest, held on Tuesday and Wednesday, tho niclanchol.v fact was elicited, that tho decensed bnd delivered herself of a child, though no suspicion had been entertained of her being enceinte, and had died in consequence of a rush of blood to tho head, caused by mental excitement, added to tho absence of assistance in tho labour. The child was found in her box wrapped in a counterpane. Tho appearance of the body of tho infant was such as to leave no doubt in tho minds of Drs. Nathan and Muller, that it had been born nlivo, nnd th.it its death had been caused by a fracture of the skull from a violent blow. Tho jury re turned a verdict in accordance with tho above facts.' Tho machinery for a light-house to be erected at More toil liay, has arrived there, and it is expected that the light wili be exhibited on Now Year's Day, wnich will be a great convenience nnd safeguard to vessels navigating that const. Sydney, October 3. 