MELBOURtfE. (From our own Correspondent.') July 6th. Despite the inherent weakness observable in the New Movement from the first, from the heterogeneousness of its constitutional elements, despite the impracticability of the object proposed, viz., to dictate a political ereed to the electors of the city, and, I suppose, to the oolony ; and despite the divided councils which have impeded its operations all along, it has not been unpro due tire of good. A small rump, numbering seven in all, of the committee originallyof twenty-four, have at length agreed upon a policy, and it is now before the world. Notwithstanding the storm, the secession, and the disruption, amid which it has been elaborated, it is excellent, and fairly embodies the principles of the liberal party in the city. Five blemishes in the Constitution Act are dealt with— five several defects aro disclosed to which the energies of a reforming legislature may be profitably directed. As a general exposition of a liberal colonial policy every elector would do well to study it, and having made himself master of the various points treated, he will bring to the examination of the written and spoken addresses of the various candidates which will shortly be submitted to his consideration a clearer understanding of what he should look for in such addresses. Of course there is a speciality in the case of nearly every con* stituency, which will induce a greater prominence to be given by it to one question than another, and there are many questions locally of great importance, which are not touched upon at all in the programme, upon some of which elections may ultimately hinge, but upon the broad questions of needed reform in the Constitution Act it may, I think, be accepted as a pretty safe guide, and the nearer the professions of candidates approach to coincidence with the views expressed on the five points discussed, the more are they entitled to the support of the electors. Of course every man will bo jealous of having the right of private judgment taken out of his hands, and will take exception to one or more of the articles contained in the Chamber of Commerce manufactured confession of faith, if only to shew his independent judgment, and that he is too wise to adopt a cut and dried set of opinions, no matter how authoritatively offered for his acceptance ; and for that reason I think tho matter should now be allowed to drop. As it stands at present, good may result from the movement, but if an attempt is made to obtain from a public meeting of electors an assent to the principles contained in the programme, hopeless confusion must ensue. Mr O'Shanassy and friends must be dvoply mortiffied to find the stick which they commenced to cut, used to break their own heads, and they could easily secure plenty of opposition in a public meeting if such were attempted. There is no good end to be served in anticipating the polling booths, where the struggle must ultimately take place. Such of your readers as also study the Age would be startled at seeing a semi- leader in the columns of that journal one day last week, with the mysterious heading, —A S:>Y. The individual denounced was not named, but there was no occasion ;—lie could be pointed out unmistakably without, and many people could recognize the description, who had never heard the name, for the gentleman is very well known to many people by sight, and by sight only. The Spy was described as being an artist and a foreigner, as being a diligent student of daily literature of the City, and as having a dog; all of whicli is true as regards a Mr Becker. It was further alleged of bitn that he has no \isible means of support for himself or dog; that he is a hangeron upon a certain Government officer—supposed to be tho Colonial Engineer—that he is often in possession of intelligence which he ought not to have, and which he would jiot have but for his obtaining access to the Government officer in his character of a spy; that he cultivates the acquaintance of all sorts of persons connected with newspaper offices, from whom he can hope to obtain any scraps of information; that he has been known to be closeted in editorial sanctums, &c.;, and that, consequently, he is and must be a spy. How much real foundation there is for the accusation does not appear, but I suspect the imagination of the writer is responsible for a large share of it; and I would have been sure that such was the case, only that Mr Becker takes such a singular way of clearing himself. He tacitly admits the faithfulness of the personal description by pleading to the charge, and in reply he puts in a document signed by a number of his compatriots residing in the city, which amounts to no more than that they do not think he could do such a thing. A letter was handed in to the Age Office, on Friday night which was too late to appear, but which, if it is published, will afford some data for forming a conclusion on the matter. In the mean time all who have a good stomach for the wonderful will believe that some great plot for the subversion of our liberty is being ripened by the aid of foreign spies. Are not the proofs patent to the observation of every one who has eyes in his head and chooses to look ? There he is, and there is his dog, or his familiar, 'inshape o' least'; and for the rest is he not to be seen in the Mechanics' every day reading the papers with the utmost assiduity, Age, Star, or whatever else comes to hand! THE GKEAT AMERICAN AXXIVEKSARY;—The glorious fourth of July was celebrated in this city with much pomp and enthusiasm. During the day, and from an early hour, the " Star Spangled Banner" was conspicuous in all quarters of the town; and if its appearance was in every instance indicatory of Americans dwelling under it, the United States must be largely represented here. In the evening a magnificent banquet, in the large Hall of the Criterion Hotel, did honor to the occasion, and the speeches delivered were perhaps, less self-laudatory than usually are heard on similar occasions. A very good tone pervaded the orations, and the idea of anything like a serious misunderstanding arising between Great Britain and America, was scouted as preposterous. Many besides statesmen were present, and took part in the celebration of the great event which was the subject of the meeting, and mutual expressions of good will were interchanged, On Wednesday evening last, Dr Embling, M.L.C., delivered a lecture in the U. P. Church, Collingwood, on the subject of Ghosts. I understand there is no reason to believe that the learned and honorable gentleman has abandoned the cause of the Alpaca and Camel, and other creatures which he lias so long labored to get introduced into the colony. This little incursion into the domain of the supernatural is merely an episode in his useful career, and he will doubtless return to the object of his affections, the Alpaca, in due course. He had better have lot Ghosts alone, however, for he did not handle those r on entities with the skill or learningVi hioh they have a right to demand in any one who presumes cither to consider them philosophically, to demolish them scientifically, or to demolish them imaginatively. He neither raised, nor laid them so adroitly as lie might have done, and he only succeeded in proving one thing, viz., that ho himself is so far unlike a ghost that there is no relutance on his part to speak; that he i ' has no objection to take the initiative. A Professor Atkinson announced his intention to deliver a lecture in the Mechanics' Institution Hall, last night, on the Origin of Language; but no audience appeared, and he was obliged to postpone his lecture till some future occasion. Mr Read, the solicitor before the Supreme Court who got into trouble about a £50 fee, received for the defence of a prisoner, and which the prisoner complained to the Court had not been appropriated as intended, has put in an affidavit in which the whole transaction is circumstantially detailed. It seems that Mr Read did a great deal for the prisoner in defending him before the ma- . gistrate on several occasions, there having been many remands before he (the prisoner) was committed,—that the £50 was not too much for the work done, and that no promise to fee two counsel had ever been given by Mr Read. The profession is, I understand, quite satisfied with the explanation. The Court ordered that a bill of Costs in the case should be filed, July 8th. The unfortunate " new movement" cannot be got to move in the right direction. The primary object of it was to call a great public meeting, and a proposition to call such a meeting has been rejected. The object of the meeting was to be the consideration of a programme of policy; and when at length such a programme had been prepared with infinite caro, and after innumerable difficulties had been encountered, it is rejected in favor of another, drawn up by a section of the committee who abandoned thoir charge when they found they could not have thoir own way. Yesterday a meeting of the requisitionists was to have been held in the Chamber of Commerce, to receivo tho report of the committee, but it turned out a public mooting, for some five hundred persons attended, and all were allowed to take part in the proceedingi). The report was read, as well as the programme finally prepared, and it was moved that the same should be adopted. Mr O'Shanassy moved as an amendment that the programme originally submitted (that which had boon referred back for re-consideration, 9hould be adopted instead, whereupon an animated discussion arose, Messrs. Westgarth and M'Ewen, Fawkner, Embling, Casliniore, and Rae, supported the motion ; and Messrs. Ebden, O'Shanassy, Hammil, and Muir supported the amendment. On a show of hands being sailed for, the Chairman declared himself unable to say which party was strongest, and divided the meeting by directing those in favour of the amendment to range themselvos on the right side of the chair, and those in favor of the motion to take the left hand side, when a majority appeared for the amendment. It was then moved—" that the Gommittee be instructed to convene a publie meeting within fourteen days, in order to submit the report adopted to their consideration," and Mr O' Shanassy moved, as an amendment,—" that the Committee be instructed to take such steps as they may doom expedient for the carrying out of tho report, and to call a public meeting if required," on which the meeting was again divided and the amendment was declared to bo carried. Mr O'Shanassy thus succeeded in carrying both his amendments—by what means we will see-—but the latter cannot have tho effect he aims at, viz., to prevent a public meeting from being callcd; for the committee to whose discretion the matter is left consists of twelve gentlemen unanimous in their opposition to his views; and the secession Of himself and party now leaves the game in the hands of the anti-state-aid men. That the matter should rest where it is, Mr O'Shanassy and party being in possession of the field, will not be very palatable to the present rump committee; but after the experience of yesterday they will be slow to adventure upon a public demonstration on a large scale. The same tactics by which Mr O'Shanassy carried his amendment in the Chamber of Commerce would serve to carry them in the Theatre Royal, or to involve the meeting in hopeless confusion. Clustering about his person immediately in front of the chair, wore some two score of his thick and thin adherents, several of them in a highly excited state, and no speaker could be heard except at their will and pleasure. They vociferously cheered one set of speakers, and hooted, hissed, and yelled at the other; whether or not in obedience to signals from their chief as several persons alleged I cannot say, but he did not attempt to restrain them. Mr Fawkner and Dr Embling were the principal objects of their rage, and with regard to the latter, it would seem they were acting under some special instructions, for no sooner did he make liis appearance than a storm of hissing commenced; and almost before he had said anything that could possibly be construed into an o'ffence the uproar obliged him to stop. For a considerable time he stood with a fortitude and good humoured persistence which I hardly expected from the champion of the Alpaca, and smiled in their faces, which a close phalanx within arm's length of him craned out their necks and hissed as 1 have seen a flock of geese do at an intruding terrier. One enthusiastic individual who was standing in unpleasant proximity to me was being particularly personal and offensive in his remarks upon Mr Fawkner, while that gentleman was addressing the meeting, and I suggested in the mildest manner that it would perhaps be better to hear what he had to say without interruption. My hint, however, was far from being well received, for he turned upon me, and with a fine southern brogue, and in no gentle tones, told me to mind my own business and be d d, for he liad more property than I had. I daresay he was correct enough in regard to our respective possessions, but he had no possible means of knowing, and, even if he had, his argument was not very logical. Another of the''tail" happened to detect an unconscious elector in the act of uttering an exclamation of some kind while Mr O'Shanassy was speaking, and he made a rush —parting the crowd on either side as he advanced, for he was a great strong fellow, and seized the offender by the throat, to his utter dismay. Some said that he shook him, but that I was not near enough to see; but he shook my faith somewhat in the value and efficacy of the constitutional privilege to meet and discuss, which a British public has so long enjoyed and so profitably used. 