THE CENTRAL AMERICAN QUESTION ONCE MORE. From the Times, 7th October.) Is the Central American question really to come on again r We consigned it only three or four days ago to an honourable, grave, and made a funeral oration over it We briefly epitomized its history from infancy to middle age, and from middle age to decline and death. The last farewell was before us in the shape of a document with the names of 3" Clarendon" and " Herron" at the bottom. That document finally disposed of the difficulty of British occupation of Central America, and with the disposal of that difficulty the whole question seemed at rest. lethe grave to open and the corpse to come to life again ? This Central. American ghost is a very difficult one to lay, and, though everybody has been saying " Rest, rest, perturbed spirit," for a long time, it seems to be out again with the ebekcrowing, for American cocks are very powerful growers. No English cock's crow, not even the unearthly guttural of the Cochin China, can call up ghosts now-a-days. But the Washington breed appear to have this miraculous power, and to been rapport with the- subterranean kingdom. Washington magic has the power of raising dead questions to, life again, so that when everybody is comfortably asleep, in the faith that some old topic of strife is at last entirely and finally settled and > never will be heard of again, in walks the ghost. How often have the words been said, or something like them, within these last three or four days,-" Well, the American question- is settled' at last-that is a good thing over?" But is it settled? Here is the conclusion, of the report of the United States' Commissioner, Mr. Amos B. Cor I wine, with reference to certain disturbances at I Panama, attended with loss of life to some "American citizens connected with or passengers by the new railway:- _ I ' "I feel it a duty incumbent on me to recommend the immediate occupancy of the Isthmus, from ocean to ocean, by the United States, as the best practicable mode to insure safety and tranquillity to the transit ; unless Kow Granada, after the proper representations shall have been more, and the necessary demand made upon her in pursuance of treaty stipulations, can satisfy us as to her ability and inclination to afford the proper protection and make speedy and ample atonement for the wrongs inflicted upon our countrymen by the people and officials of the State of Panama." , , ( to The Cabinet at Washington is now sitting upon this proposed, and though Mr. Morey is under- stood to be against it, it is reported to be backed by the President, and Mr. T. Jeffer- son Davis. -It is unnecessary,- of course; to say that such a proceeding could not possibly be allowed by the British Government. A long and intricate -diploma matic correspondence has just ended in the withdrawal on the part of our own Government front all occupation of Central American territory. The land of Russia, for many years in our possession, fcpa been given up to Honduras ; the Mo»quito1;Protecturate has been about doned, with the express; object of relieving Central America from British, occupation, and scouring that as open and neutral ground for the projected inter oceanic canal But the ink is hardly dry with which this agreement has been signed, when the United States Commissioner formally recommends to his Government the open occupation of the most important portion of the Central American isthmus, and the United States Government deliberately entertains and dismisses that recommendation ! A New York contemporary reflects the astonishment with which the sober portion even of American society itself regards this plan, speaks of it as " an enormous scheme of filibustering," and says " it will be read with amaze- ment." It is quite understood, according to this journal, what the adoption of such a plan will immediately lead to that " the design of Jefferson and Mr. Pierce to make the Panama massacre a pretext for seizing the whole isthmus" will not be allowed by this country, and that the present Washington Cabinet will thus " close its administration by plunging us into, a war with the maritime nations of Europe," Our opposition, then, to such a scheme is taken for granted, with all its consequences. But we do not wish to treat such a question so seriously. We will not suppose it possible that a war can arise upon so plainly untenable a ground on the part of the United States, and that the latter will put themselves so much in the wrong.' The better part of American public opinion will be able to prevent this. The comment we will make on this matter now is, that we trust such an ¡ exhibition as this will not be without its effect on the intelligent part of the American public, with reference to the approaching election. They must see how much such projects OF these discredit the Government of the United States in the eyes of Europe, and that it is high time for a transfer of official power to other bands. The Democratic party has now had its swing, and it is evident in what direction they are leading the vessel of the State, that they are bringing things to a critical Pass, and that the American Government in their anda is fast growing into a Government with which it will be hardly possible ordeal. A filibustering Government, which entertains any project of aggrandise- ment which comes before it, absolutely free and easy in its interpretation of engagements, riding over equit- able understandings, and submitting to no law of international courtesy or justice, is a Government which sooner or later, will be self-punished by practical exclusion from the diplomatic circle and the great international system, A certain code of honour and man nersfitstheindividuol for society ¡acertainacquieiccnce I in international claims and understandings fits the Go i vernment and nation for taking its place among the Governments and nations of the world. The Arab who lives in a tent in the desert, and a gipsy who lives under a tarpaulin on heaths and commons, in grass lanes and deserted barnyard, is not a member of civilised society and a Government which does not allow the yoke of understandings and compacts is no fit member of the great confederate -. of States. A " film- bustering Government" is to that circle of nations what a gipsy is to society. We trust, then, that that part of the American public ' which wants to see the United States occupying a respectable position in the world, will be caused, by such a demonstration as this to activity, and see the necessity of a change of political hands. Mr. Buchanan S ommUtid by the Ostend Manifesto to policy which must more and more relax the code of the United States their- relations to other nations. is We see by ' "gets tion to occupy Panama the kind of fruit >. 'rings, from such a policy. Sensible America will see that as soon as such a policy as this is understood to be adopted at head-quarters it will not be allowed to lie idle. -There will be constantly men putting themselves forward, and availing themselves writes a means of pushing themselves into party favour. '' Mr. Amos B. ' Corwine will > doubtless before long come forward (mtl*;rtcoiitoend; himself to Gipsy , 11 fair -'" 1 D. V:" > ' of , J "T Vlf I 57 O ' > « 'I Ol }r>JI U D I III N 1 ' ii 1 1 1 " in it' for ". ',. 'I ' 's Genil s fe, It "0 2s s 2s. - r h'' son--'.- of C 5-22 By Pri i' s American constituency on the strength of this recommendation of his he will work the ground well, and we shall expect to hear of him in Congress.' This policy cannot be a mere theory ; it will be an increase- in practical disturbance, an endless source of calls upon the United States' Government to aggression. Every mischievous and ambitious man will try to get political capital out of it and the Government will be poked unmercifully and forced to act out the theory. It is high time, then, that the theory should be dis- avowed that a check should be given to this policy, and that the United States' Government should pass into other hands. I 