CHINA. From Hong Kong our dates are to Sep tember 10th. During tile past month, It is said that the evidences of the peace of the greater part of the province of Canton have been so plain, In the revival of trade and receipt of large supplies of detained produce, as well as in the regular arrivals and depar tures of the passage-boats from Canton, that the insurrection In this quarter may be regarded as entirely suppressed. The remaining bands of insurgents are either in the hilly regions towards Hunan, or have fled to tihe coast, in either place to feel that they are outlaws from their native town and hamlets, and can never return openly. It is to be wished for the sake of humanity, that the authorities would now declare a more effectual amnesty for past offences than they have hitherto done; and that the executions which still take place were put a stop to; but so far as one can learn the true state of matters from the people, it is Je a great measure owing to the lower officers and the gentry that so many cri minals are brought into Canton, and not mainly to the highest provincial officials. ly a report obtained from good anu thority, it appears that over 70,000 men tave been publicly executed in Canton since February 16th, or Chinese new-year; further enquiries on this point are in the course of being made, and the total may turn out to be greater rather than less. The same authority states the number put to death at Shnuking-fui at 27,000, and about 25,000 at the taking of tihe fort at Blenhelm leaclh, and the subsequent cap tures among the villages thereabouts. In many places, houses have been erected where suspected or proscribed persons may commit suicide, and thus save tlteir posthu nous reputations, and be buried by their families; and hundreds are said to have gone to these places where their bodies would he identtfied, and put an end to themselves by hanging or taking opium. Many women, probably thoseo who have lost all hopes of support or safety, have also destroyed themselves. Such things as these show how sad is the state of the native society, and how wide spread is the desolation the insurrection has cansed in this province. Its results as far as one can judge, have been unnitigated evils to the people of all parties. On the 9th September, one of the leaders named Kam Sin, was put to death by the lingering pulishmenpt, having been cut up i 108 pieces. There are thlree grades of this mode of execution, the other two, where the criminal is divided into 24 or 30 parts, not being considered so disgraceful. This leader headed the bands which threatened the north of the city last autumn and winter. More than 500 of lesser note were executed the same day; and on one day last month, over 700 were killed. Thiere has been a festival of seven days lately held, something like All Souls festival, for tihe repose of the spirits of the officers and soldiers killed during the contest, so that their names may "leap the shades." Large contributions have been given by high authorities, and mtst of the religious ceremonies have taken place near the execution ground, where it is, doubtless, supposed that more ghosts flit titan else where. One of the most affecting sights connected with this matter, is thlat of a hundred or more coolles lounging along the street, waiting for the executions, that they may iounee upon and seize the yet palpitating bodies, and hurry off with them to pits. 