PROGRAMME OF ' THE KNOW- : : NOTHINGS. There hns been nil immense gathering of Know-Nothings at ' Philadelphia, at which, the President read tho following address : — : "Fellow Citizens, — Tlio American nrirtv . asks the support in the; election that is ap proaching... of nil -conservative and patriotic voters. Without pretending to discuss iu a brief- address its claims to your -: confidence;'- we' tool that soraotliing should he said at this time to rolieYG.it from tliat prejudice "to which 'it is exposed witli those wlio do not rightly under-' stand its spirit and objects. Tlio organisation sprang from a conviction that both tho old parties of tho countiy, especially tho demo; cratic party, in sooking to acquire power, had given a dangerous influence in tho government to that class of voters whicli was. known to lie controlled by a priesthood. . Against this insi dious and portentious clement in our . politics there seemed to he a necessity for tin . avowod and organised resistance. The movoment was accordingly commenced, hut it has nover. oitlior in its origin or in its progress, contem plated improper interference with tlie civil, of religious rights of any portion of tlio1 people, wliqtlier foreign or native, - Catholic or . Pro- tostant ; : for, wliilo -loaving tiioso1 who may choose to mako- their political privilege stib- serviont to tho requirements "and interests of a church, entirely free to. not in tliat matter ngreeahly to their own pleasure, tho' American party merely undertakes to - protest against snclrn: wrong, and to vendor it: litinnless by opposing for public' office all persons who will subordinato tlieii' conduqt' and ' authority 'as citizons to the sbrvico. of' a hiorarohy. which lias ever elniined to he supremo in civil as well us in ecclesiastical affairs, and wliioh, for the .purpose of.onforoing tliat pretension, iimprisos on its ministers end subjects nn'allogiance supo rior to that which' thoy owe to tlio State. .In this' the Americans propose to invade no man's fran chises, hut simply assume the liberty to exoroise thoir own in conformity .with what they be lieve to he n! solemn aridwinnifestduty. -They did riot in tho beginning) nor do thoy now, de sire to introduce religion' into the area' of poli tics, but, on tlie contrary, to reprobate and re sist its'introduotiori. They mean to.prosoribe no ono politicnljy on- account of his religions faith and connexions, hut only to preserve that soparation between Church and State which is ii marked peculiarity arid- an' oleriieiitary1' gua rantee of Airioriean' constitutional freedom. They who' have attempted to, dostroy that dis tinction, not they who'.'ara seelu'ng to maintain jit, are aineriahle to eonsiire'. .. . '.'As ..respects tlie adopted, eitiz'eris . of tlie country, the . Ainorican, party lins no dosiro, ovon lind it thepower, to deprive them of. any of the privileges they enjoy, nor even to ex- eludo them from civil positions in the Govorn- ;ment, except in so far as thoy may Wobnox ions to the imputation of owing to a foreign potentate fealty incoinpatiblo with their loyalty to tho United States. But, while wo have no purpose of opposition to thorn hovond this, wo own that the : rights of oitizoiisliip .are too easily acquired, and that a modification of tlio naturalisation laws is imperatively deniaridod for the proseivation of thoso liberties'tind in stitutions which sliould bo equally doav to tho hearts of all wlio aro Amorioan, either by birth or adoption;: It is not to bo denied that whilo a lnrge nuinlior of those who immigrtito to this country from otlior. lands are persons of intelli- 'goiico and rirtii'o,- desirous1' onlyto onjoy 'tlio blessings of a frebr arid more benignant sys tem of goverumbrit' than'1 any to "'which thoy have been- subject, the United States'liave, for years pftqt. heou a sort pf ponal cblony foi' the reception of. the guilt, and pauperism ' of Eu- ropoj and that not a few of tlio very worst of tho outcasts of tlie Old World aro o)otiied hofor aftor flvo ...years' rqsidonco witli rill tlio respon sible prerogatives of citizonship. " The evil is -a .real nnd a growing one, of which we are wtirned hy every day's- experience, and, unless oorrected, it must he productive of exceedingly fntal.cbusequenccs to our social and . political welfare. Our compassion for immigrants without distinction is bocomiug a practical ourso tliat threatens to destroy the very liber ties to whioh it is thought so magnanimous to invite every vagabond upon the earth, without coiisidoiing whotlior ho he fit or unfit to onjoy tliom. It is time the American people had got o vor this ahsurd and pornioious sentimen- fi « "i 13 ,''mo thoy liad ceased to oonvert r.iii nllii)aii01in fln<1 C0,lvict3 of tlio world into lull-Hedged donizens of the Repuhlio by a term fnM1,0 i t0i 1"' to l)rovo whether a man . wh seseultho spirit of a slave has boon r discipline for a third or a half of his natural life, is capablo of tlio sovereignty to whioh wo would elevate him. For a quarter of a oontury or more there lias -been too little of a gouorous, comprehen sive spint of nationality in our politics as ropresontod by parties of whatever name, and it is a most hopeful oireumstarice that, on tho apparent dissolution of tho two great politioal associations which have so long divided the country, and alternately got tho direction of affairs, a now organization lias arisen, :the fundamental idea of which is tho preservation of tlio integrity of our Amorican institutions in rill their legitimate soope, and the deVotiori of an unselfish loyalty — to their protection 'and maintenance. It is to be expected that it will provoke hostility and denunciation, but its aim aud its spirit aro essentially insuppressibla and progressive, bocauso inherent in the popular heart, and, if guided wisely, they may yet achieve a grand and . salutary political regeneration. " Boing no further obnoxious to the charge of intolerance and proscription' than the pur poses and priuciploB herein avowed may make, it so, tho Amorioan party may justly- ask tlie support of every intelligent nnd patri otic eitizon, native or adopted. Tho candidates presented by it for stnto and loonl offices are gentlemen of well-known talents and .respect ability, ench and all of whom are earnestly recommended to tho confidence and suffrage! of tho people. Mr. Nicholson, whoso namo has been substituted for that of Mr; Martin for tho ctinal commissionorship, with a viow iu umie uiu cicmenis oi opposition against the domooratic _ party, is an American arid' a Pennsyltaninn, of high personal character- as regards ability and integrity, and whilo hia election would piaco.aii eminently competent person in, one of tho most important public positions- connected with the Stato Govern- morit, it would furnish a decided expression of the disapprobation with which the citizens of' this ooinmouwniilth regard the iniquitous mea sures and policy of tlio Federal Administra tion. In a struggle like the present, involving high and important civil trusts, and destined to influence for an indefinite period tho for tunes of a groat commonwealth and a yet greater confederacy of, commonwealths, per sonal projudico, pnvato intorosts, ovary consi deration, in short, that rises not' to tiie omi- iienoo of a sound and enlightened patriotism, should l)o resolutely excluded from any control over our opinion and notion.. As they lovo order, rather, than anarchy, ns they value the puhlib peace and honor, all loyal and intelli gent i citizens should unite heartily for tho triumph of conservative prinoiples'and a pure administration of tlio government. Every factious division among them should be healed ; all personal prejudiocs should be surrendered in tills momentous crisis,- and with one accord frankly and. generously, with no bias but that of. a devoted public spirit; and witli no object but'tlie true happiness of-' the whole-country,, every citizen should uuite with the American party; ris tho most formidable presbrit organisod opposition against the iihbocile rind corrupt .dynasty ..'whioh is invading tho constitution and endangering tho safety of ' tho Re puhlio.; - ,Tlio Comeri Mercantile of Genoa an- .nouneos, on tho faitli of letters- iVoih Palermo, that 500 arresteiiad boon!niado in that city in a singlo night. There are rumours from othor sources of an irisiirreetion in . tho ore- vinco of Catauai. . , Profossor Busoli, director of tlie observatory ofKqqningshorg, in Prussia, died of. cholera lately:. ' , . - - Tlio Gazette . Autrichienm says tliat the Anglo-Italian Legion has . received a groat acquisition in tne person ot Ulievalior Pinelli colonel of tlio national . guard of Turin, who lias made known his resolution in am order of tlie day. "Yankees and BiimsnEns."--Although.a X.ankeoof tho purest water, Jfr. Willis'rea- dily acknowledges the superiority of an'En- gltsh to an American gbntloman, at least in pliysioal appearance. In the "Rag Bag" .this .writer, says:" A young. Englishman taking a walk in. Broad way with the sou of an American, to whom he has brought a letter is. .al> evory-doy spectacle— yet a spectacle which would, in most cases,, ahswer foi' a picture of a healthy man taking a walk witli an invalid. The fraino of one Is fully devel oped, his ehost is broad, his step firm, his look that of a man who could onjoy anything or defend himself from any intrusion upon lus rights.- <1 he_ "other is pale, flat and narrow- chested, undersized, weak-limbed, and looks liko ( a man who could neither eat with a hoaltliy ; appotite! nor hold his own with any moderate-sized man who should assail him The1 avetage height of tlio wealthy young men of New York pereeptihl y dwindles with tho numbor of the same family through whom tbp'proporty has descouded— a man who had a rioh grandfather being smaller, usually than one who had only a rich father. In En gland, as is well known, it is just tlie contrary tlio better descended a mnn is, tlio more care lias boon taken, commonly, of his boyish health rind mauly exorcises, and tho better developed his system and figure. English gentlemen are taller and healthier than English worlriii" men. Ainerioan gontlomon are diminutive and fcohle-looking in comparison with Ariioii- onn: mcohanics und farmers. The difference liqtwcen tlio two countries, ns to the pleasure of loaving a fortune, is easily ostimuted, thoio- foro, for it is tho difference between along aud healthy gratitudo and ashort nnd deceased ono." Swedish Insignia. — Tho order of. tli'e Seraphim, tho insignia of wliioh King Oscar lms just sent to tho Emperor Napoleon, is tlio oldest and most distinguished of tho orders' of Swedish knighthood. Instituted in 1285 bv King Magnus Ladnlos, it was restored- in 1748 by King Frederiok I. It is composed of only ouo. class, mul is only conferred on princes and tho ln'ghost civil and military functionaries. The oscutchcbn of oach Swedish or foreign knight remains forever linng up m tlie church of Reddurliolm, where the tombs of the kiugs of Sweden are built and tho death of (each Knight of tlie Order is announced by the tolling of the large bell of t hat ohureh. Bosides the Emperor Napoleon, theie is only ono otlior Frenchman among the members of the order of tho Seraphim, namely,' Marshal lioille, who is tho oldest, his nominution dating as fur baok as 1810. A Dutousian's Desokiption of New Yohit. —Berry fine pooples — dey go about de streets all day, scheating each odor, and dey call dat pizziness. Tiib Natiosad Debt.— At January, 1820, the debt was 704,1)80,481, and the annual interest pay- able thereon was £27,700, 448. At .Maioh 31, 16jj, the debt was £701,040,818, and the interest Uieroou £22,057,355. Total decrease in tlie debt £43,334,053 ; in interest £5179,033. 