STATEMENT OF FACTS AND CIRCUMSTANCES ILLUSTRATIVE OF THE ORIGIN AND HISTORY OF THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, AND THE EARLIER EFFORTS ON BEHALF OF ACADEMICAL EDUCATION IN NEW SOUTH WALES. In the year 1835 there was established, under a Royal Charter, a magnificent Institution, designated The Church and School Corporation of Now South Wales, which was endowed with a seventh of all the available land in tho territory, together with n princely revenue front the publio treasury, till that land could be mado available; the design of tito Institution being to invest the Colonial Episcopal Church with tho entiro cou trod of religion nnd education throughout tho colony. . Not- withstanding this magnificent provision, however, there . was no public school iu the colony in which a boy could be taught either the rudiments of tfie Latin language, or . tho elemonts of mathematics, down to tho closo of tho :yoai; 1800. Jn these circumstances, after one or two. abortive attempts to establish on Institution in Sydney, for the education of youth in tho higher branches of useful knowledge, I resolved to proceed to England, ?which I did accordingly in tho month of August of that . yoar, to obtain the requisito moans for the establishment of au Academical Institution or Coltego for the educa- tion of youth in the town of Sydney. On my arrival in London, I consulted the Into Joseph Hume, Esq., M.P., \- and the late Hov. Kdward Irving, with both of whom I had been previously acquainted, on the subject ; and they both advised me to apply for aid at Downiug-streot (which I lind not thought of doing previously) as tho Government of England was then administered hy n professedly liboral party, tho Whig*. Lord Viscount Goderich, who was then Principal Secretary of Stato for the Colonies, was pleased to receivo my application very . cordially, and to dirojt that -E3500 should bo advanced, ns a loan without interest for Jive years, for tho estab- lishment of nu Educational Institution in Sydney, on condition of a similar amount being contributed by the (.promoters of tho undertaking ; tho buildings contem- plated to bo erected on the ground bolonging to the Scots Church, and myself to bo personally responsible to Government for carrying out the undertaking. At the same limo Lord Goderich intimated to me, in tho pre- sence of Lord Howick, now Earl Grey, that all tho Go- vernment intended by this covenant was that tho funds should bu honestly expended for the object proposed. This arrangement was made-for it is of importance to attend to the dato-on the 13th January, 1831, I roturned to the colony in that year, bringing out with ms a wholo ship-load of Scotch mechanics, under engagement to ereot the requisite buildings, nnd to re- pay the cost of their pnssage out by weekly instalments from thair wases. In the menntimo, it was d.elerminod hy tho late Sir John Jamison and tho trustees of tho Scots Church respectively, to open up tho street now called Jamison street, through their respectivo allotments in tho town of Sydney, p.u tly for the improvement of both properties, bat chielly to enable Sir John to sell his ground in that locality in building allotments. Sir John's allotments were accordingly s dd on the 31)th September, 1831, and in order to obtain an additional extent of ground for tho ' Educational Institution then about to bo commenced, I purchased a portion of Sir John's ground at the sil?; it being intended nt the timo to apply for an Act ofCounoil to enable the trustees of tho Scots Church to transfer tho vacant portion of their allotment, situated between Jamison- street and Church-hill or Charlotte-plnce, to tho trustees of tho Academical Institution, who wore a dis- tinct budy from tho first. It was also intended, ut tho flam«] time, to transfer to theso trustocs,for tho purposes of the Educational Institution, thc ground I had pur- chased from Sir John Jamison ; and with u viow to this transference, which could not be efiectod till Hie said trustees should bo incorporated and an Act of Council passed for tho purpose, no conveyance was made to me, and no part of the purchaw-money was paid till ten ?years thereafter, when the completion of tho purchase had become absolutely necessary to save tho property from lapsing to Sir John. Tho Academical institution, which was designated The Australian College was accordingly commenced under a totally distinct management from thal of Ute Scots Church, towards tho close of tho year 1831 ; »nd public support to a considerable extent was pledged in its favour. It w.is intended nt this period, to erect four plain houses, to cost not more than -A'7ii0 each, for the residence of the four masters or professors, in the lino of Jamison- street, and a separate building for n series of class-rooms in tho lino of Church-hill or Charlotte-place ; and a foundation for the latter building was accordingly excuvntud (as may skill be seen) at a cost of nearly Jt'lf/J. Hut before a stone of tho buildings in Jamison street was laid, it was determined, by the trasteos of tho Scots Church, that as the new street crossed both of ? the adjoining properties diagonally, leaving a small triangular portion of each, on the south side of the street, that could not otherwise be turned tn account, the triangular portion of the allotment of the church should be exchanged for the triangular portion of the ground I had purchased from Sir John, sous to square th» linos of both properties, and to leave a suitable and compact allotment for til"? erection of a manse ordwelling ' for the p tstor of the church. There are documents in the Colonial Secretary's office-a letter from myself, ns on* "f the trustees, of the church, acting with the wri't.-n -.utthority of the others, of date 22nd November, lb-lI. and another from the late Captain Perry, Deputy Surveyor-General, of date February, 1832-proving all thi'-e statements : viz. 1st. That the management of tho K l'.icatima! .rn-titution was totally distinct from that of t'.e chureht, 2nd, That a permanent alienation of n portion nf the church property for educational purposes wai agreed on bj- all concerned, and 3rd. That nn exchange of the two triangular portions of ground above mentioned, w letter actually oontain'Ta, measurement, of the l"nes of the respeetive properties pursuant to th« nrvangapnent, and therefore leaves no doubt an the subjeqt. It has often been observed, however, that Educational Institutions iu tho colonies are peculiarly' subject to calamitous reverses. The Australian College experienced this evil fortune ia au eminent degree. In the first place, a whole series of ferocious attacks were made upon myself, on the most frivolous pretences imaginable, in connection with tho Institution, by the colonial press of the period, which wa« then for the most part in very exceptionable hands. This served materially to alienate the public mind from the Institution and to deprive it of public sympathy and support. In the second place every imaginable difficulty was conjured up in the Nominee Legislature of the period, to neutralize and defeat tho object of my arrangement with Lord Ooderioh. I had given great offence to the late B shop Broughton, who was then only an Archdeacon, but an influential member of the Legislature, in a letter I had written to the Secretary of State while in England, pointing out the impolicy and injustice of the Church and School Corpo- ration system, under which a seventh of the wholeavailablu lands of the country was allotted for the exclusive support of the Episcopal clorgy ; and ways and means, of the most unfair description, were had re- course to, to damage my character with the public on the ono hand, and to defeat the arrangement I had made with the Government at home on the other. In the third place, the architect whom I had brought out from Scotland with the Scotch mechanics to erect the Collega buildings, although a man of ability in his profession, was like many others of his class strangely out ia his calculations ; insomuch, that instead of a plain building to accommodate the four masters, or professors, which might have been erected at the timo for -£3000, (the stipulated amount,) the plan which was adopted on his recommendation, required for its completion an expen- diture of not less than .£10,000. *. This, combined with the other unfivourable circumstances I Lave mentioned, proved a very serious and almost insurmountable obstacle in our way. In short, under hostile influences of various kinds, tho public support which had been pledged to the Institution was, in not a few instances, withheld ; the erection of the series of class-rooms was not proceeded with, and it was arranged that a temporary class- room should be provided in each of the four buildings in process of erection. At length the supplio* from without ceased, and the Committee of Management recommended that the mechanics should he discharged forthwith, und tho undertaking abandoned as impracticable.. To this, however, I could not assent, ns I was determined on the one hand to fulfil my engagement with the Home Govern- ment, while tho mechanics who were then at work on the College buildings had been brought out undor a specific engagement for a specific period on the other. In these circumstances I was obliged to dispose of my own personal property, which was then very consider- able, to carry on the undertaking ; tho following items of property having been successively sacrificed in tho protracted struggle. , 1\. My late father's grant'of 2000 acres of land from tho Crown at Bong Bong and Sutton Forest ; for wliioh I received .£1500. I am not aware what the valuo of such land would be in that locality now. At all events, it would be at least four times that amount. 2\. Twelve hundred acres I then possessed on tho Illawarra Lake. It was a splendid property, and is now worth from .£20 to ¿'30 an acre. It brought me only ¿¡2 on acre, or X'2400. 3\. My lalo father's Town allotment of about one aero of ground iu tho city of Sydney, fronting Kent, Bathurst, and Sussex Streets, with a two-story verandah house on it. .A. The buildings now known as Petty's Hotel, Churcb hill, with frdiicaaes to four streets. This was my dwelling-house at the time; Cinrence-strcet being then opened up, without any compensation to me, through I my garden. These items of property would at this moment be worth at least ¿50,000. They would probably bring a much larger amount. In tho meantime, the Institution had been progressing as an educational establishment. Of the first threo collego-brerl men whom I lind brought ont to conduct it, one had died during the first three years of its oxistenca ; a second lind been called to undertake tho pastoral charge of a Presbyterian church nt Launceston, Van Diemon's Laud, to which he acceded ¡and a third left the Institution at tho expiration of his engagement for threo years. I wont homß to England again, however, in the year 1830, as also in 1830, and brought out other three -all college-bred men and masters of arts-and the following was tho condition of the Institution in the year 1838, when examined hy his Honor, Sir William Burton, now Chief Justice of Madras, as extracted from his own report in his book : To tho activity nu senior Chaplain nf tho Presbyterian Church, is to bo uscrihod, not only the establishment of Ihnt Church in Now South Wales, . aud, afterwards, its increase in tho uccession of numerous clergy- men of tho same communion ; but ulso tba introduction into tho colony of mtmy useful und excellent men a* instructors of youth, nnd especially tho establishment of the Australian College, which is to bo regnrdod, a?-it was intondcil, not only ns n soinlnnry for general odnoatlon, in willoh youth of all denominations might raoolvo instruction, but particularly ns u oolloge for the propaga, lion af tim principles of the l'rosbytoiiau Church in Now South Wales, and iu tho Pacific Oconn. Tho mtmhor of students in tho Collogo during tho yoar 1818, was lin : of this number, !Î2 attendait thoso Latin clasgos,-tho first, loaming tho Oruminar ; the sreond, Maugownn's " Latin Hooding," Tart ll : and Vnlpy'd Delectus ; the third wore, at the I commencement of 18 ID, reading Liry-and acquiring tho olo'nonts lu tho Natural Philosophy Biasses, lectures, illustrated by expe- rimenta, aro dollvorod, und sabjoots prescribed on willoh the students write by way cf exorcise ; of these oasays (some of which extended to some 60 closely written pages), sovoral hundreds warn giren in during tho year, and several wore road with mueh grotiñcation by tho writer of these obsorratlons, as showing, lu many instanoos, aoutnne83 of observation and rellection, particu- larly interesting and useful, as indications of tho natural bent of tho mind of the pupil ; each being at ltliorty, out of n number of snl>;ects proposed, to write upoü that which he chose. Iii tho Mathematical class, Kuclid's Elements, and Bland» Geometrical Troblorns wore used as toxt books. lu tho course or tho yoar, about 40 attended the classes for Natural Philo- sophy nod Mathematics. About 70 attouded tho olassos for Histor}' nnd Qeography. Ibo books usod wore tho common School Hkttory of Oroeco ami Homo (with questions), and Steward's Geography. Noarly tho whole number of pupils attended tho classes for writing and acoounts. Engaged in giving this inotraotion, there were in tho year ItttS, and at the common cement of 1819, tho Itov. Thomas Aitken, A.M., tho lt iv. David Mackenzie, A.M., and tho Hov. Kobert Wylde, A.M.-gantlemen possesing every qunlitlcn tlon to Bivo instruction in lilgherbranches, but whoso timo, from tho comparatively low estirante at which tho standard of a liberal education has at presout boon liddon by colonial parents, is oon suniod in a course of elementary instruction. ..... In tho Australian College thero may bo found about thirty or forty students who would prosecute studios auperior to thoso of a common education ; but thu number is obviously too small to nmvUr fund*, u-lthvii ofter assistance than firs received from thc pupils, for tb! maintenance of teachers devoting their time to the hit/her branches. Having visited the Australian Collego nt tho commencement of tim yanrs 183.S and WM, tho writer of theso observations was highly impressed in fuvour of tho course of instruction pursued in it, so far n's lt had proceeded ; questions were proposed on all tho subjects of instruction, and answered with a quickueas which proved both tho knowledge and care of tho teachers, and tim aptness of the scholars. Qnlcknoss and sprightliness wore in deod the general characteristics of ibo latter ; but some evince J also a depth of rolluctiou evidently proceeding from solid goulus. To the same effect, .Tames Macarthur,' Esq., M.L.A., whoso testimony as a political adversary of mine these many years past is only tho more valuable, observes in reference to the Institution in the year 1830. "This College was founded chiefly by means of the personal exortion of Br. Lang, to whom the greatest credit is due for his indefatigable labours on behalf of religious and educational institutions iii Now South Wales." New South Wal;*: Its present slate and future pros- pects, iCc. In short, the Institution was then in a very flourish, ing condition. It lind lint fewer than a hundred and sixteen pupils and students in its different classes, and forty of theso were boarders, tho s ns of some of tho first families in tho colony. It had nlso wrought a great reform in tho cost of education, tuition for tho highest pupils, under three different masters, being only X'12 per annum in the Institution ; whereas it had previously been X'20 under a single master in private schools ia Sydney. Tho rates generally are much higher now. In tho yeat* 183Í), I hail to leavo tho colony for Eng. land ones more, and did not return to it till the month of March, 1811 ; having in'thc mean time paid a visit to the United States, and published a volume on my return to London, entitled Hcliffion and Education in America ; in which I shewed how Christianity could stand erect in tho world without the support of the Stile, as I then foresaw that that system would eventually be introduced and become universal in Australia. During my absence, however, a great and fatal change had taken place in tho Institution. The sheep and cattle, and land minia-a sort of epidemic which breaks out in New South Wales periodically-having broken ont in the year 1830, all tho three masters or professors were seized with it simultaneously, and the Institution was thenceforth made a sort of appendage to certain sheep and cattle stations on the Namoi, whioh was then the extreme north, and on the Murray, which was then thc extreme south of the colony (not to speak.of an estate in New Zealand which one of the gentlemen had * Ia pursuance of tho arrangement tims made for the squaring of tho lines of the two properties, and the exchange of the two triAiignlar portions of ground al>ova mentioned, it was further stipulated that the trustees of the Academical Institution should erect ti half-gable on tho boundary line thus agreed to, for tho convenience of tho trustees nt the Scots Church, with a view to the future erection of a manse Tor the minister on tho adjoining all umentreserved for the church. Tho half-gable was erected accordingly, as part of the building I now occupy, aud serves BS a completo pro»r of all the facts I mvve stnte.l above. \+ The range of building» alluded to in Jamison-street could not b« erected now, as I hare been repeatedly assured by practical men, for less than £30,099. acquired) $. tba bu.UQQV qartyirtg un suppUea,;anpewiqgregnlírty M the doora of the class, roams, «n,d the business of harsebreaklng, on nqoouiH of certain of tha -fraternity, Iwing «Qtually superseded the training ap af youth on the premises of the Institution I Under this, process, tho Institution gradually declined ; the hoarders were withdrawn in the tirst instance, loud complaints, being made at the time of tho domestic management of the Institution, which had been entrusted in great measure by the reverend stockholders to ticket-of- leavo servants, nnd the daily pupils were successively removed, till only the merest shadow of the Institution remained ; there being only about thirty remaining when I returned from Europe.* In these circumstances, the Rev. Robert Wylde, A.M., tho classical, and tho Rev. David Mackenzie, A.M., the mathematical master, who, it seems, were ia partnership in their ostensivo sheep and cattle speculations on the Namoi and Murray Rivers, alleged that the decline and full of the Institution was owing entirely to their col league, tile Rev. Thomas Aitken, A.M., who had charge of the commercial department, and urged that the first step of reform was to bo taken ia the removal of Mr. Aitken from the Institution-a measure which they alleged must be effected at all hazards. I accordingly made an amicable arrangement with Mr. Aitken to leave the Institution, on receiving a bonus of £200, which 1 paid him out of my own pocket. Bat things got rather worse than better after Mr. Aitken's removal ; the num- ber of pupils gradually, diminished; there was no vigour I or lily left in the educational arrangements of tho Insti- tution, and tho domestic management, which was entirely in the hands of the two remaining gentlemen, was discreditably bad. Things went on in this way till some timo in the year 1812, when the revival of the In- stitution nuder its then management being utterly hope- less, I had to submit to the further iniliction of having to pay Messrs. Wylde and Mackenzie £100 each, to leave it al toga th or, after they had virtually ruined it , and nearly ruined mo. For if these gentlemen had only . stuck to their proper duties, and gone on as they were doing when Sir William Burton examined aud reported upon the Institution ia 1838, they would not only have raised it to the highest character and standing as an educational establishment, but realized a handsome in- dependency for themselves. , Whether they, ultimately realized anything of the kind as stockholders, I ara not aware. I only know "that in the subsequent period of general depression, when other people in that line ] throughout tho colony were, to use their own phraseo- logy, hard enough un, they were no" exception to tho general rule, . In tho meantime Sir John Jamison was, naturally enough, insisting upon tho payment of the ground I had purchased for the Institution, at his sale, nu the 21)th Septombor, 1831,nearly ton years before; threatening that, if au di payment wore not mudo within a certain period, he would seize tho two lower buildings, which were both erected entirely on that ground, and give the. one of them to one ot' his two sons-in-law, und the other to the other. lu this emergency, as the arrangement contem- plated in tho first instance, tho creation of a separate trusteeship for tho Institution under an Act of Council, wo3 now utterly hopeless, I paid Sir Jahn the full amount of prinoipnl and interest then due-viz., £470, nnd the conveyance was accordingly made to me for uses ; im- plying that there we're other parties who had claims upon the buildings which I' was willing mid ready to acknowledge. Till that time I had not only never received a farthing either as principal or interest for all the advances I had rania for the institution during the previous ten years, although I bad sacrificed all my own personal property in the process, but I had not oven security ot' any kind for anything I had advanced. I then raised money, through the Loan Company, on the buildings erected on the ground purchased from Sir John, to complete the four buildings, which up till that time had been in a very unfinished state, and to erect a lecture-room or ball on the opposite side, of the street. It appeared at this period extremely desirnblo that, although tho Australian Coiloge.had not proved success- ful as a gonoral educational establishment from the causes I have mentioned, it might still berovived as an institution for thc training up of candidates for the mini- stry in tho Colonial Presbyterian Church. But asan en- dowment for the masters or professors was indispensa- bly necessary for this purpose, I applied in tho iirst instance to tho Local Legislature, soliciting that a mode- rate endowment might bo granted from tho public treasury for threo or four duly qualified,,'and University bred men, to afford such education in the Australinu College as is given in the undergraduate course in tho language and philosophy classes of tho universities of Scotland. Uut instead of granting this very moderate request, a Select Committee of tho nominee Legislative Council of tho period was appointed, nt tho instance of tho honorable E. D. Thomson, Esq., Colonial Secretary, which, alleging that the Institution had proved a failure, and that I had overreached tho Government in regard to tho security tendered for the original advance of £3500, advised his Excellency Sir Georgo Gipps to direct tho law officcrs of the Crown to foreclose tho moitaane. which wns attempted accordingly. It could scarcely be alleged with any degree of pro- priety that tho Institution had failed as a general educa- tional establishment when upwards of 500 of tho youth of tho coleiiiy bad, during the previous ten years, ro coired a good education-such as is described abovo by Sir William Burton-in its classes; and if it had latterly fallen into temporary abeyance, that was my misfortune, and not my fault. But as to the charge preferred by ¡Mr. Thomson and his committos, that I had over- reached and cheated the Government in the matter of the security-a charge which was echoed and re-echoed exultingly in the council chamber of the period-it was utterly false and unfounded. Tho facts upon which this charge was based aro as follows :-When it was deemed necessary by tho local authorities to have a mortgage of the ground and buildings executed by tho trustees of the Scots Church, in favour of the local government, in tho year 1632, previous to the advance of the £3500 ordered by Lord Goderich, I drew up with my own band a draft of a bill to nuthorise Buch a mort- gage, including in it, ia express terms, both tho ground bnlonging to the Scots Churoh, and t!ie ground purchased- from Sir John Jamison; und tho Bill was actually printed from that draft and read a fir-it time in the Legislative Counoil, und I happen still to possess several copios of it, printed by order of tbo Council with the signature of Mr. Thomson's own father in-law, Sir Hichard Bourko. In the face of such a docu- ment, which was suroly completely out of my hands, as a Bill read a first limo by the Legislativo Council, tlioro cannot, thereforo, bo tho slighte-st pretext for charging me with having overreached or cheated the Government in the matter of the security. But when the Bill wns referred to tho Attorney-General of tho period, tho late John Kinchela, Esq., afterwards one of the judges, pre- vious to ita being read a second time, that functionary struck out the entire paragraph of the'printed Bill, as copied from my draft, which offered security on tho ground purchased from Sir John, alleging, as ho told me himself nt the time, that tho Government were bound by Lord Goderich's instructions, to take security only on tho ground belonging to (tho Scots Church ; tho Tras- teos of tho church, as ho added, having no power either p.-esent or prospective over any other ground, lt was, therefore, entirely owing to the law officers of the Crown, that the Government mortgage which was after I wards executed by the trustcos, of whom I ara now tho only acting ono.myself, was confined to tho ground be- longing to tho Scots Church and the buildings .thereon ; and tho charge of fraudulent dealing, which was urged ngainst me so offensively by Mr. Thomson and his Select Committee, was therefore, I ropeat it, grossly false and utterly unfounded. Tho Government prosecution, which was thus insti- tuted at the instance of Messrs. Thomson and Co., and which took the form of a Chancery Suit, lasted four years ; entailing npon me a large amount of unnecessary nnd annoying literary labour, in counterworking thc manouvres of tho Crown lawyers, who had expended all their strength upon tho case, and a pecuniary expen- diture besides of not less than £100 ; while it effectually prevented any efforts during its continuance for the revival of the Institution. It issued at length, however, I think in January, 1H15, in a signal failure ; the Govern- ment being defeated in their own Court, and the mort- gage declared to be of no value. For ia the last stage of the suit, when tho Crown lawyers were about to carry their point, 1 suggested that the elders of tho Scots Church, as tho representatives of the congregation for whose benefit the grant had been originally issued, should tile a cross bill, protesting against the right of the trustees to mortgage their property to the Govern- ment, for any purpose, and they did so accordingly and proved successful. I had resisted the prosecution, con- trary to the advice of all my friends, 1st. Because the charge on which it was based was utterly false and un- founded, as I have shewn it to have been ; 2nd. Because « There i« something to be sold in excuso for those men after all. It ls evident from Sir William Burton a account that lu MOM oud 183!) there were from thirty to forty of the colonial youths attending tue Australian College who "would have prosecuted studies superior to those of a common education ; and Hist the gentlemen in charge at the time were both able and willing to riave imparted such education. Hail the Government, therefore, only given them salaries of £¿WeacU. and had they thus acquired, the superior tlattta in society witch that voir moderate emdow mont ¿enid have ensured them.in connection with an academical instiiution, they wonld never have talen to stockkeeplng. Bot it was the hopelessness of their situation, as instructors of youth, that drove these men into the strange course they pursued, and tho* transfoiraed them at length Into regalar bushmen. In short, bad itoTernment. in on« or other of its numberless developments, istliecnrse of humanity. It is worthy of observaüoii, however, thal there is not a larger number of students at onr well^ndowed University even yet, than the number whom Sir^.Borton £ba»* disposed to proiecotfl Wgher.rtudiis In the Australian CpH«f« !? ISM, the InslUutbn bud «qj prayed, a, failure, »UhWf|U it w«¡ in (erapqr«ry «beyanoe nt the time, from rio fa,ult¡ qi minej and ard, Beoausa it was nevov the intention » Lard tfoderjonthat the Government advance should bc i repaid, if it was only honestly expended, aa I knew il ' had been to my owu cost. I In the month of October, 1311, immediately after the i Government prosecution above mentioned had been . commenced, the Synod of Australia, of which I was then j a member, consented at ray'particular instance, although j with evident and extreme relno'ance, that students, to , be educated thenceforth at - the Australian College, j should be admitted as caudidates for the ministry in the j Colonial Presbyterian Church, on the same footing as students who had completed the undergraduate course in the Scotch Universities, on condition of their passing ' tho requisite examinations in the languages and philosophy. Immediately after this arrangement had been effected, I proceeded to Port Phillip and Van Diemen's Land, to stir up the Presbyterians in both colonies to cooperate with those of New South Wales in . raising a temporary endowment for the support of the requisite number of professors in that Institution, to train up candidates for the christian ministry in the Presbyterian Church, for oil the Australian colonies. I was absent on this tour only five weeks, having returned lo Syduey before the sixth Sabbath. During that period I had visited Melbourne, Hobart Town and Launceston ; assisting at the dispensation of the Lord's Supper both at Melbourne and Hobart- Town, and holding public meetings and forming societies in all tho three localities for the promotion of the important object I have men- tioned. And so successful had I been in this mission, that in all the three localities combined, a sum total of £100 a year wa.s guaranteed for this purpose for four years certain ; ono gentleman, a member of tho Legis- lative Council of Van Diemen's Land, pledging himself to contiibute X'35 a year for that period. But BO full of envy and malice were my quondam brethren of the Synod of Australia on the one hand, and so utterly insane and suicidal was their policy on tho other, that, without talcing the slightest notice in any way whatever of this greatest service that had ever been rendered to the Presbyterian Churoh«in Australia-a service, more- over, which had been rendered without costing them- selves individually one farthing of expense-they im- mediately got up a formal chal ga against me for having left my congregation without duo authority, and treated nie us if. I had been a culprit guilty of some serious crime. The law of the Presbyterian Church is, that a minister may bo ubscnt from his church or parish for any period less than six weeks, without being amenable to ecclesiastical authority, provided his pulpit is accept- ably supplied in " the meantime, and suitable provision made for the discharge of his clerical duty otherwise. Now, I had returned to my post on the occasion in question within tho prescribed period of six weeks ; I had had the express coucurrenco both- of my elders and of the committeee of management of tho Scots Church before I had embarked ; tho mission on which I had gone was ono of death and life to our Insti- tution, especially under tho persecution we wore experi- encing from the Government ut tho time, ns well as of paramount importance to tho general interests of our communion;, and my pulpit was' supplied three timed every Sabbath during, ray absence. The late Rev. Mr. McKenn, a highly popular minister, from tho Orkney Islands, who was then so far on his way to Tahiti, whom ho was afterwards accidentally shot by the french during a skirmish with the natives^officiated with great acceptance on two of theso Sabbaths;, and the Rev. Matthew Adam, a regularly ordained Presbyterian Min- ister, then Seamen's Chaplain ia Sydney, olliciated on one or two others. Dut tho beauty of tho-thing was that two of tho brethren who sat in judgment upon rae on tho occasion, the Rev. W. Purvos and tho Rev George MacFie, had themselves been absent from their respec- tive stations, one far six and tbo other for nino or tun weeks together-not doing anything for tho church in any conceivable way, but simply looking after their own sheep and cattle in distant parts of the colony-without either providing any supply or incurring any censure. This frivolous oharge, which was doalt with with all tliR-hypocritical and mock solemnity of tho Spanish In- quisition when sitting in judgment upon a heretic who has baen found guilty on his own confession of reading tho Word of God, was followed up very shortly thero nfter, by others equ illy frivolous, equally contemptible. Now although I could by this time stand n great deal both of ingratitude and of malevolence from men who owed everything themselves to mo, as had boon the case almost without exception with my quondam brethren although I could stand all thc personal ill-treatment which I experienced at the banda of theso men-I could not withstand the conviction which wns forced upon my mind by these transactions that it was utterly hopeless to carry out the great objects of a Christian Church in theso-colonies in connection with such men.-men who could sacrifico the best and dearest interests of their own communion for the gratification of their envy and malevolence. And conceiving that the root of the evil was. tho unhallowed connection of Church and State in thin colony, under which the poeuniary support of the Government ¡3 hold fojrth equally to truth and error, ami under which men who would otherwise be good for nothing as ministers of religion aro unoournged to say Put nm into one of the priests offices tJatt I may eat a piece of bread, I resolved that I would nt onco leavo the whole fraternity for good ; and accordingly, on tho fi th of February, 184.3, fifteen months before the-famons dis- ruption in Scotland,.]; publicly renounced all connection with tho Stnto and the Presbyterian State Church of New South Wales, thereby relinquishing a salary of £.'100 a year, which I had till thon received regularly from the Public Treasury, with the promise of its being increased to £500. But in renouncing all further connection with the Synod of Australia in the circumstances I have stated, I had uo desire to renounce my connection with the Church of Scotland, as ono of its licentiates and ordained ministers. I had no quarrel with that Church ?at the time. I had broken nono of its laws. I had ob- jected to none of its standards. My position was pre- cisely tho snme as that of the Rev. D. K. Drummond, a regularly ordained clergyman of tho Church of Eng- land, in the city of Edinburgh, who, having joined the Scottish Episcopal Church, but having afterwards found that, in consequence of its thoroughly Puscyito nnd Romish character, he could no longer remain in its communion with any degree of personal freedom or comfort, renounced all further connection with it, and continued to discharge his clerical duty, in his own church and to his own »ongregation as before, as n clergyman of tho Church of England officiating in Scot- land. _ Nay, when the famous disruption took place in Scotland, iu 1843, I declined joining tho Free Church, because my own withdrawal from the Synod of Australia had taken place fifteen months beforo that body had come into existence, and had taken place on grounds peculiar to the Ecclesiastico-political constitution of this colony, and altogether unconnected with the grent ecclesiastical questions of Scotland. I foresaw, indeed, from the first that all State support would eventually be withdrawn from all religious denominations in these colonies, and that the position I had thus taken up of antagonism to the latitudinarian and infidel system of our colonial Government, which supports Popery and Protestantism, Jews and Christians, Unitarianism and Trinitarianism, without discrimination, would have been materially compromised by joining the Free Church, which, in tho neighbouring colony of Victoria at least, has, in tho face of all its professions, not scrupled to accept endowments from the State, in common with Papists, Jews, and Unitarians. But another case, precisely similar to my own nm remarkably illustrative! of tho peculiarity of tho post tion of a minister of religion iu the oolonies, has jusl occurred in the city of Melbourne, in connection with i different section of the Presbyterian Church altogether. There is a Synod of tho United Presbyterian Church in tho colony of Victoria, and at the invitation of that Synod, certain ministers wero sent out to form congre- gations under it by the parent church in Scotland. Ono of these ministers, however, tho Bev. Alexander David Kinninmont, recently of Leith, conceiving that certain proceedings of the local Synod, in which he was personally concerned, were unwarrantable, oppressive ond tyrannical, withdrow from its jurisdiction alto- gether, and has siuce, hi conjunction with another minister who had taken the samo view of tho case, formed a distinct Presbytery in connection with tlie United Presbyterian Church in Scotland. It is quite possible therefore, that constituted as colonial churches generally wsre, till a comparatively recent period, of notoriously incompetent and inferior men in a largo majority of instances-simply from the extreme rarity of a proper missionary spirit at home men of unquestionable piety, talent and zeal, and strongly and devotedly attaahed to their Mother Church, may nevertheless have felt themselves constrained, by a principle of honour and duty, to renounce all connection with the Branch Church which at once bore and dis- graced her name in the colonies. And such a state of things is peculiarly incidental to the Presbyterian Church, especially when connected -with the State ; for while Episcopalian and Romish Churches can be easily managed, even with very inferior materials, as they have each a sort of clerical Major-General for their bead with absolute authority to do as he pleases ; the aposto- lic and republican constitution of the Presbyterian Church cannot be worked at all, and is perpetually liable to become utterly intolerable, unless its office- bearers are characterised by a comparatively high degree of christian virtue, Corruptio optimorum fit pessima : "it is always the best things,' as for instance the human body, that are the most intolerable in a state of corruption," The conduct of my quondam brethren on the occa,, sion to which J have referred, although apparently un^ accountable at first sight, is nevertheless susceptible of the easiest explanation. It arose from ttvo different classes of motives. O a the one hand, I was tho object, in certain quarters, of that feeling of envy and malevo- lence, which is unfortunately characteristic of that por- tion of the clergy, ot all comrannious, which occupies the lower levels of the clerical scale. Through my long standing in the colony, my sacrifices, and exertions, I had acqtfired a prominent position in the country, to which none of these " lean cattle" could ever attain ; and it so .med to have become, in their own estimation at least, the chief end of their being to endeavour to raise themselves up a few inches by pulling me down. The welfare and prosperity of the church of which they were all the while unworthy members, nay, of which, like as many Judases, they were betraying tho cause, were no- thing in comparison with this special ol j-.jet of their en- deavours. But as I have already hinted, some- thing of the same kind has occurred in every age of the Christian Church and under every form of Christianity. For example, it was doubtless under precisely' the same sort of treatment on tho part of Iris brethren, that the zealous Apostle Paul, after establishing a whole series of churches and settling a whole company of ministers in Asia Minor, nevertheless found himself constrained to write to his son ' Timothy in such language as the following: This thou knowest that all they which are of Asia be turned away from me, of whom are Phygellus and Hermogenes. It was ' doubtless from manifestations of the same unworthy ' feelings on the part of the clergy in the Romish church that the Spanish proverb derives its origin :- ' Rome tames her fools : 'tis true; but then She ne'er forgives her learned men. And Lord John Russell assures us that precisely the same feelings characterised the lower orders of the English clergy of his time, towards one of the greatest ornaments of the episcopal bench, the celebrated Bishop Burnet.* But there was another class of feelings that required to be gratified in this extraordinary procedure towards myself. By the publication of my work, entitled Reli- gion and Education in America? I had committed the then unpardonable sin, of declaring publicly through the press that Christianity could-stand erect in the world without State support, and that it would be greatly pre- ferable for the interests of religion in all these Austra- lian colonias, if all connection between Church and State were discontinued. In short. I had been fifteen or twenty years before the age in this particular, as I have been on various other ocasions ; and I had to poy for it accord- ingly, ns every person has to do imono form or another who advances and maintains unpalatable truths. The Church of Scotland was then engaged in that war of ex- termination with tho Voluntaries,.which was waged prin- cipally through the late Rev. Dr. Chalmers's grand ecclesiastical manouvre of Church- extension, and which led, through the breaking of the main shaft in the poli- tical machinery, to the famous disruption of 1843. fcor that event, splendid and magnificent as it was as a mani- festation of heroic principle, was nevertheless, in somo measure, nt least, a judicial infliction from Divine Providence for tho grasping selfishness nnd tho fierce intolerance of former years. Now, in 1810, when my book wa3 published, this war was at its height, and any Churchman, whether at home or abroad, who had given utterance, as I had done, to liberal opinions ns to tho propriety or possibility of supporting tho Christian Ministry, without the intervention of'tho State, was to bo hunted down and got rid of by nil means. In short, I was thenceforth the Achan in tho en ¡np, and stoning was too good fir ino ; or to chango tile metaphor, like the string held by the sturdy boy in tho fable, I was tho only obstacle in the way of that sublime flight which the Colonial Presbyterian Church would otherwise make, liko its prototype the kite, ia tho colonial firmament. So I cut tho string, when it was least expected ; and the ] consequence was, the Presbyterian State Church, liko '. tho kite in the fable, fell at once to tho ground, in virtue of its own specific gravity}; and it ne-ver rose above the low level of pitiful incapacity and profound contempt to which it then sunk for ten years-thereafter-if it has I done so even yet. On renouncing my connection with tho Synod oi Australia, I delivered an address to my congregation, which was published at tho time in th > 'Sydney papers, and of which I shall forward a- copy to tho proper quarter, as it was made tho ground of ono of tho frivo- lous charges brought against me; it being quite unneces- sary to insert it hero. Sly intention,;T thelirst instance, was to have left the colony for good and gono to New Zenlnnd ; but my congregation insisted on my remain- ing with them, and nt a public meeting held on tho 22od February, 18J2, they unanimously expressed their cordial approval of my procedure, renouncing all further connection with tho State and tho State Church, and un- dertaking to provide for ray future support ns they have dono till this day, notwithstanding my frequent and protracted absence for the last ten years, ou tho Volun- tary system. In the month of October, 1812, the Synod of Australia held its annual meeting, nnd'I was summoned to appear before it on the charge of following divisive courses. I Attended the meeting, along with a number of my friends, not in obedience to-ihe summons, hut »imply to ascertain what charge or charges they had to prefer against me. Tho following is the-account nf the proceedings on the occasion, published in tho Colonial Observer of tho 12th October, 1812 : Dr. Lang attended thomeotina; on Snturday.togetherwith anum hcrofhls private friends end Membersof bis congregation; and, on being asked by tho moderator whether lie would appear nt the liar of tho Synod to be tried on Ibo chnrgos preferred against him in the libel or indictment with which he had boen served he replied to the following effect :- ' Moderntor, co I appear before you this day in vory peculiar circumstances,! nm naturally desirous that tho nature and objoot ofthat appearance shonld not ba misunderstood, and that a con- struction should not be -put upon it, whian I have no intention it should boor. I appoar before you, therefore, in compliance with your own Invitation or citation, orwhatover you may please to call it, to explain or- to. defend any parts of my conduct that may have been called in question br the Synod un to a certain I appear bofore you this dny.prapared to answer whatever charges may huvo heen preferred against me, np to tho date I liave referred to, or any other charges whatsoever, that any niem l)or of this Synod may bring against mo, as a minister of the Gospel, from my first arrival iu tho colony more than nineteen years ago. And I appear before you also, because it has been publicly given out, ns well ns privately and industriously insinu- ated by individuals here present whom I shall not mention more particularly, thnt I left the Synod because I was under charges it the time which I was either unable or afraid to meet. Sow I om hore to give the lio to such unfounded and' unmanly insinuations, to shew that I am neither unwilling nor afraid to meet my aconserä face to face, and to prove incon- testably to all concerned that, np to tho time referred to, the Synod neither has nor ever had anything against mo. You are woll aware, therefore, that on the nth of Jr ebtuary last I delivered a solemn address-to my congregation, which was afterwards published on the nth of February, renouncing- nil further connection with this Synod as a church oonnectnd with the State : of which I forwarded a regular notification nt tho- noxt meeting of tho Presbytery of Sydney. (Stop, said tho moderator, supposing, doubtless, that Br. L. was going to enter upon n justification of tho measure in quostlon.) Moderator, said Dr. I. resuming, yon quite, mistake mo ; I had no intention to enter stances nnd events antecedent to this period, as we.i as otbers orininnting aftor it, beforo I can auswer your question ns to whether I will place rnvsolf nt your bar to answer tho charges contained in the libel,I ask you, modorator, whether tho Synod will hear nnd disposo or all charges of an origin antecedent to thnt period first ? You will observe. Moderator, that I nm not at present dispnting your right to institute wJiotever-inquiries voil may think proper into my conduct subsequent to that period. That is not the question now. But os an accused party I have a right to demand that whatover charges there may bo against mo -they shall be taken up and determined BuecoBsively in tho order of time, and not disposed of in the lump. Am I thorefore to understand. Moderator, that tho Synod are willing to enter unon the consideration of whatever charges thoy may have against me, founded on circumstances and events prior to the Util of February last? If thoy are, I will instantly place myself at your bnr, to defend my conduct from suoh charges, of whatever Dr Lani? then »at down, and tho Moderator having asked the oninion ortho Synod in reference to his question, various re- marks were made, pro and con, hy various mem hers. Dr. M'Oarvie in particular, observed that Dr. Lang s question was a fair and reasonable question, and demanded a direct answer, which he thought tho Synod ought to five. The Rev. Messrs. Atehison, oí Wollongong.and Adam, of Windsor, expressed them- selves to the same effect. The nev.jttessrs. Tait, I-allerton, and M'lntyre however, insisted that the Synod should give no snch nnswer, but proceed with the libe» forthwith. Dr L however, having urged that he could not allow the libel tobe read in his hearing till ne got a direct ans wer to his nuestion. and that if an attempt were made to read it notwitb standing, he would instantly leave the meeting, a member ob- served that the Synod might answer Dr. L-'s question, and thereby satisfy him on the point from courtesy, pr. I» jepVea that it was not an act of courtesy or favour of any lund lo asked Äs sÄSt an act of unquestionable justice. There was no maxim in British law more firmly established than tbK that a party Moused should have tho M»8 Bna I?180,8 Uil jffinZÎ specified, and that each specific charge against lum should be triedSeparately; adding, that as ho was a straightforward man, andwas alwaysi ready to ¿ive a straight-forward and direct answer to anVquesUon put to him, when it was in his power to do so he would Inimodiately give such an answer to the Moderators mistión when he got a direct and categorical answer to his own. A member then observed, that as Dr. Lang must have read and seriously considered the libel, he mast be well aware whether the charges lt preferred originated befere or after Uie period he referred to: to which Dr. L. replied that he had never either read the libel or heard it read, and knew nothing of its contents. lie only knew thnt there were charges against »'»"jß'"»"0,«1" events prior to the nth of February, as well as others of a later origin, and all ho asked was that the former of these chargea should be heard and determined first. . In the coarse of the remarks that were next offered by varions parties it w.s distinctly admitted by the Moderator ami another bomber of Synod, that the libel did contain references to Dr. Lan^à proceóUire before the Otb of February, by way of aggrava lion or enforcement of the charges therein preferred, nnJ orlgi « * If I am not greatly mistaken also, the late Bet". Dr. M|Crfe, of F.lînhtirBh was excommnnicated for some alleged breach of r/cciaÄal^er b^ tte Presbyter M Ctarcb. ta which, be b«louged. J puting \T\ events, qr * later date ; bu* Ne4a.n1, THU and FnUorton I both ivrgaea, that, a-i the spec, « o charges, ,u Ibo libel were of a ÎHlep date than the «tb of February, 4>r, J^ng'** demand ww vin, tUHlly me| ; adding tb Hi there wore other oh nra es* of a, previous ' origin, but it I»od been agreed that the^o should wot be brought forward. The Moderator being then urged to preaa Dr. I., for an ' Immediate decision, in answer to his original question as to I whether he would appear at the har of the Synod to answer the ch urges contained ia the libel, Ur. L. replied to the following 1 effect: Moderator. I have not yet got a direct answer to my question, ' and I cannot be.satiatied with the singular explanations now given nie in reply to it. Yon have yourself distinctly admitted, and so also has another member of ibo Court, that the libel con ' tains references ta my conduct prior to the Otb of February, by ' way of aggravation ; and it has also been admitted since that there were other charges against me, originating in events prior to that date, which, it seems, are now in abeyance, and not tobe brought forward nt present. Will the Synod say distinctly-yea or no-that these charges wera fallen from because they were either frivol o ns or unfounded, and that it has nothing against mo prior to the fith of February last? For I will allow no Court on earth before which I may ever stand as a party accused to travel over my past history as a minister of tho Gospel, and to pick out i whatever it may think proper to work up into charges again et ms without specifying time and place, and, binding up these chargea in one volunio, to launch it, with its accumulated weight, at my head. Mr. Tait then stood np-pale, trembling, and writhing with e»wtion-and observed that tîda discussion could not be suffered to go on any longer. There wert? only two places in which the Synod could recoguizo any parffy ns standing-in the court or at the bar-and ho insisted that Dr. L. should be considered as not having* appeared to answer, and the libel be read forthwith. The Moderator having thun asked Dr, I*, li nally whether he would appear ac the bar, and answer to ti« charges contained in the libel, Dr: L. spoke as follows : i Moderator, since you have refused* to answer my question,.as i to whether you have any cburges against me prior to the 6th of February last, and whether, if you have, you will enter on these charges first, I am compelled to put the only construction on . that refusal which it can possibly bear,-viz., that you havo nothing against nie prior to that periodrbut that you have noe tho honesty to* confess it, because you wish the public to believe that you have. Like the Apostle Pauly therefore, who, when ( denied justice by a company of Jewish priests, appealed to ? C OJ dar, I appeal to the people. Thia announcement was rooeived with such . loud and hearty demonstrations or approval by tho people present, that Ur. L. was obliged lo assist tho Moderator in restoring silence . the Synod in the meantinio being silent and luck-a-daisical enough. When silence was restored. Dr: L. coucluded as follows : Now, Moderator, I om ready to give you a direct answer to your question, although yea buvo revised such an unswec to mine, lu reference, therefore, to all charges preferred against me iu your Court, founded on circumstances and events oocurring either on or after tho 0th of February last, when I publicly re- nounced all connection with the State and with this Synod as a Stato Church lu this colony, I- have only to say that I-declino your jurisdiction. Dr. L. then took his hat nod walked off, and so did all the stran- gers who were present but two or three; loaving-the Synod to perpetrate their deed or darkness by themselves. The charges against Dr. Long, the consideration of which was prsooeded with on Saturday and Monday, wore rangal under tho threo following heads : 1\. Calumny-inasmuch us in his published address to bis con grogation on tho Utli of February last, renouncing all eonnectiou with the State and tho State Churches of this colony; he had characterised the miuisters of the Synod generally, although not without particular exceptions, as being inelllcient, worldly, minded hirelings, and their Church Courts as being for the most part little better thun synagogues of Satan. 2\. Schism-in scparatingjhimself from tho Synod, atwell bv.the said address as by tho proceedings of a public meeting of his congregation held iu the Scots- Church, on the 22nd of ' Febiuary thereafter. ¡J. Contumacy-in refusing to allow tho Hov. W. M'Jntyre to enter hi» church or iiulpit to notify his suspension to tho said congregation. At the mooting of yesterday, the Kev. Mr. Hetherington- of I Patrick's Plains, reported the reimlt of a conversation he had just j had with Dr. Lang, along with the Ile v. Mr. Adam, of Windsor, relutive to the decision which it was understood the Synod waa about to arrive at ; from which it appeared that Dr. LJs return to the Synod on any terms, was utterly hopeless. The members being then called to express their sentiments, Dr. M* ft arvie strongly urged tho propriety of adopting [.concili- atory course, us being host calculated to promoto the interests of the Synod; observing that the- evidouce adduced wu« iustilH ciont to establish the charges, and that even though it had boon suilicient tho charges themselves were of such a n aturo as by no meuns to wurrum u sentence of stich extreme severity os was contemplate«!. Ile remarked, also, that, although conciliatory measures Bhould not have the effect of re-uniting Dr. I,, with the Synod, they would at least tend to neutralize thu vigorous efforts he was making and the great influence ho was exerting in vari-' ons directions, and so provont tho growth and extousiouof the schism that had been produced. After a few remarks on tho peculiar circumstances in .which Dr. L.'a resignation hud originated, but which lind been studi- ously kept out of view in tho whole course of their enquiry, although strongly calculated to bring about tho very result they hud witnessed, tho Iïov. Mr. Atchison,, of Wollongong, moved that Dr. bang's resignation, presented to tho Presbytery of Sydney on tho Ibt of Murch last, be received; .observing th ut any otb ur proceeding on- tho part of tho Synod wus altogether uncalled for. The Hew M. Adam, of Windsor, seconded this motion; urging that tho measure proposed by Mr. Atcbison, in the case of Dr. Lang/had already been adopted iu that of the Hov. John Gregor, whoso offenae iu renouncing all the distinguishing principles of the Presbyterian Church, and entering-, the Church of Kuglnud, was infinitely worse than any implied in the charges brought against Dr. L.. Tho Itev. W. >FIntyre having then* expressed his opinion that there was no analogy between tho two enscs, ami that Dr. L.'s washy far tho wurst, Dr. M'G arvio observed that títere was certainly no analogy between thom ; butin his estimation tho case of Mr. Gregor waa infinitely worso in point of criminality, than that of Dr. Lang. Mr. G. had been u personal friend of his own, uud ho hud regretted his having been placed in circum- stances thai» had deprived tho Presbyterian Church*.of his services ; but he could not shut his eyes tu tho fact that while Dr. Lang had at once tendered his resignation to tho Syuod^through tho Sydney Presbytery, on tho 1st of March Just, Mr. Gregor had, without any previous intimation of hin intention to tho Synod, opoued and completed his négociation for entering tho Episco- palian Church.* Tho Hov. Mr. lïoss, of FaUorsoc. then moved, o ni tho Rev, George M'Fie seconded, un amendment recommending depo- sition, which tho Court having declared unintelligible, win withdrawn. Mr. Hetherington then moved;, and Mr. M'Intyro» seconded another amendment, to the effect that the charges ngaiust Dr. D., contained in tho libel, having been found proven, tho Court should proceed to deposition. On a dividion there appeared for tho motion, Messrs* Atchlaon, Adam, and Dr. M'Garvie, ministers; and Mr. lllair, of Sydney, eldor. For th« nmendment, Messrs. Hetherington, M'lutvre, Tait Fullerton, Uoss, M'Fie and Purves, ministers ; and ' Dr. Hill, of Parramatta, elder. The Hov. H. Gilchrist, of Campbelltown, declined voting; but the Moderator (Itev. tv. Hamilton, of Goulburn) volunteered an expression of his own concurrence ia tim vote af lbs majority. I The sentence-which had boen all pro-arran ged -and pre-deter mined long before by tho pitiful liltlodifjiio of conspirators who 1 have for som o timo past rulad tho Synod-was actrordinply pro- nounced in due form by tho Moderator, afterrprayer for the I divine-blessing by Mr. M'Fie.f Deposition is the lost sentence of the law-iin Ihe Presby- terian Church, and is uniformly reserved, both in Scotlnnd and the North of Ireland, for the gravest offences ; ii deposed minister being supposed to desig- nate somo unworthy holder of the scored office, who after a solemn trial, has been degraded by his brethren forgrossand habitual drunkenness, for adultery, for theft, or-for flagrant heresy.. Now, the main object of these charitable men was to.giva me all this benefit of clergy-? to degrade me in the estimation of tho colonial public, by inducing ignorant people and all who were unac., (jimmied with the facts to believe that I had been guilty, f of some atrocious crime. That tho whole afluir, as far. i as I was its object, was n case of. malice prepense of tho. foulest character,.is evident and indisputable from the very différent course pursued by. tho very some parties towards two other ministers, of. their body who had' actually been guilty, one very shortly before and the other after, of the highest, ecclesiastical ofrsncc It had been found necessary, in the year 18-11, in order to restore peace and harmony to. the Colonial Presbyte- rian Church* that thc»Kev.. James Allan, of Parramatta, and tho Rev.. John Gregor, o? Maitland, together, with, other two ministers who had boen occupying these sta- tions respectively at the same time, should be loosed from their congregations at Parramatta and Maitland, and proceed to. other stations within the colony.. The other two ministers complied with the injunction of the Synod and left these localities accordingly. But Messrs. Allan nnd Gregor,, instead of complying with-, that in- junction, publicly renounoed their ordination vows, and declared, in tho presence of tho congregation of St. James's Church ia Sydney, that they were moved by the Holy Ghost to bo re- ordnined by a Pusçyito Bishop to whom they accordingly vowed implicit obedience. The loss of theso men was doubtless a real gain at the time to the Presbyterian Church ; but although they had been guilty of tho- highest eccle- siastical offence against thc body they had deserted, no notice Avhatever was taken of tho case by the Synod of Australia," all tho vengeance of the body boing reserved, for me. To complete my disgrace, tho lîav. James Fullerton,, clerk of tho Synod, informed tho colonial public through tho Sydney Herald, that marriages " and baptisms celebrated by me would thenceforth be invalid, and that I was no longer entitled to the courteous designation of reverend, j It is well known, however» that in this nge of general j enlightenment, ecclesiastical sentences are utterly j devoid of nil moral force* unless supported by public [opinion. The proceeding of the Synod of Australia in my affair excited, oven among their own professed adherents, universal disgust and indignation. KvonBishop . Broughton, to whom, as the embodiment of a nefarious system of State polioy. I had been strongly opposed for i a series of years, expressed his astonishment and horror at tile tidings, and- so also did the more intelligent * The reference to Mr. Gregor's case originated in Dr. I« having incidentally asked Messrs. Adam anil Hetherington when leaving his hons*, yesterday moraine, " What they had done vcitb Gregor;" to-which Mr. A. replied that " they Lad merely pro- nounced him uo longer a Presbyterian minister in connection with tile Synod." "Then," observed Dr. lu," all the.ra&ttguity; and opprobrium are reserved for me. I take it kindly." \+ It was one of the canons of the African Church, ia the (lays of tho celebrated Christian father and martyr, Cyprian,-»nd the Afrioan Church of that period was as nearly os possible identical ia its constitution with the Chnrch of Scotland-that no bishop or minister could be deposed from his office without the noam mons concurrence of ot least twelve other bishops ; but here «re seven engaged in the good work in the faoe of an opposing minority of four ministers ! The population of Roman Africa al the time, according to Gibbon, was seven million, of whom about one-half were Christians. A disruption, however, took plscf on a point of discipline «nd 400 bishops or ministers- about one half of the whole number-were atones cut off by the orthodox party, as they are now termed. These bishops could be nothing else than presbyterian, bishops or pariah ministers, . Raman, CMbotida flf QUr qum.«n,nn,ity, J}u«. « at¡|] strenger testimony, qf «n u,nu\ista,k.ea,We charaoter, was given to. roy fnvq«v ftqrp, an u,nexriQq«e.d. quarter. Toward^ the ojosa of tha year \W% tho oqionyqf New South Wales obtained a. Parliamentary Constitution, estab- lishing a semi-represeutative legislature, to which the district of Tort Phillip, which was then merely a part ol the great colony of New South Wales, was to return six . members. Sydney, the place of meeting for the Legis, tature, was so far distant from that district, that the inhabitants felt it necessary to select 'certain of their members from amongst tho more prominent residents ? of Sydney; and many of their number being from Scot- land, -I was pitched on as one of the candidates to be . proposed. Previous to the invitation I received on the occasion, the idea of my ever becoming a legislator had never entered into my mind; but as I was so situated at the time that I had no Ecclesiastical Court to appeal to against the iniquitous sentence of the Synod of Australia, I could not help regarding that invitation as a providential occurrence, which unexpectedly afforded me the means of appealing direct to the people; for the whole proceedings of tho Synod of Australia in my affair wera then fresh in the recollection of the numerous and highly intelligent Scotch electors of Port Phillip. So fur as I was aware at tho time, there lind been no instance of a minister of religion being elected a member of a Legislature - in tho whole history of British colonisation; but the celebrated Dr. Wither- spoon,'an eminent minister of tho Church of Scotland, who hid been settled for some time in America as Presi- dent of Prince'ton College New Jersey, when the troubles in that country, broke out, had been elected ono of the members of the first American Congress, and wus one of the signers of the fumous Decla- ration of Independence ; and tho well known and able divine, Dr. Timothy Dwight, of Yale College, also in that country, had been repeatedly elected a member pf the Legislature of his native State of Massa- chusetts. In these circumstances I accepted tho invi- tation, and became a candidate for the representation of Port Phillip; and although the Synod of Australia, which could not but foresee the extremely damaging effoct which my election would have upon " themselves and their recent proceeding, did everything in their power and said all manner of evil against me to prevent it, I wis elected notwithstanding-having hud a majority of eight votes above the opposing candidate, the late Sir Thomas Mitchell. I continued to represent Port Phillip in the Legisla- tivo "Council of New South Wales for four j-enrs, till I wont to England, in the year 1810. Shortly after my return to tho colony, in 1850, there was a vacnncy in tho repre- sentation of Sydney, and I had tito honour to bo returned as one of the two members for the city by a majority of 25 votes over the Government candidate. At thc General Election, in ISSI, under an amende ! Constitution, I was again elected for tho city of Sydney, and placed at tho head of the poll, as tho first of its three members, by a large majority of votes. And on my return to the -colony, after another voyage to Europe, in 1851, I was ..elected for the county of Stanley, in the Moreton Bay district, in the far north, more than a thousand miles -from tho locality I had first represented. I have no intention to say anything as to my career as a legislator. I may bo permitted, however, without subjecting myself . -to the charge of egotism, to express my belief that I havo been honoured to leave "footprints on the sands of time " in Australia, that-will never be effaced. Neither is it my intention to say anything about the services rendered to the cause of religion in these . colonies by the Synod of Now South Wales, the eccle- siastical body that was -instituted nt my instance, in tho year-1850;; for I had stood alone for the previous eight years. Reduced although the ministers of that body are afthis moment, through death, disease, awd desertion, to not more than seven, wo have yot n record of moral . and religious influence to appeal to, which is animating in the highest degree, and cannot but put our adver- saries to tho blush. Tho United Presbyterian Church, in-Victoria, which already numbers, at least, a dozen of ministers, owes its existence entirely to a humble effort of my own in sending homo one of my elders in tho year 18-11, to invito ono or two ministers of that body to . eo-operato with us in the great work of evangelizing Australia. One of tho two he sent out settled in Mel- bourne, nnd this -is the result. I had established a German mission to tho Aborigines of Moreton Hay, in .the year 1838 ; -and in the year 18501! brought out with me, along with other candidates for tho ministry lroin tho mother-country, one, now tho Rev. Matthins Goethe, from the continent of Europe Mr. Goethe, a man of «postoiic zeal and splendid acquirements, and throe of the brethren from Moreton Bay-all' ordain ed and sent forth by the Synod of New South Wales-now constitute the only evangelical ministry for a population of twenty j thousand Germans in the province of Victoria. But the real object of the Synod of Australia in acting so differently towards mo from tito manner in which they acted toward s Messrs. Allan nnd Gregor, was t h«? hope they entertained of getting immediate possession, not only of the Scots Church and tho valuable allot- ments belonging to it, hut also of the pile of buildings which .1 had erected, chiefly through the sacrifice of ray own property, for the establishment of tho Australian College, and which they innocently imagined was part of tho property of the church. Apparently ignorant that the days of Pope Hildebrand were past, and sup- posing that the thunders of so contemptible a Vatican ns that of.the Synod of Australia, in 18i2, would Blinke the universe, they proceeded to declare the Scots Church vacant, and demanded to bo put in possession of tho pro- perty-a.declaration and demand which, of course, my congregation treated with tho contempt they deserved. For tho Scots Church being under a peculiar trustee- ship, which had come into existence long before thc Synod of Australia was formed, it was a matter of much greater difficulty to deal with that property than with other Presbyterian Church property of recent origin. Being, therefore, repulsed on their first attempt, and finding that thero were serious obstacles in the way which they had not anticipated, fourteen years were suffered to elapse, during which no step what- ever was taken in tho ease; but haviDg in tho meantime obtained, by some surreptitious means, and in direct violation of tho first principles of tho ecclesiastical law of Scotland, an alleged confirmation of their iniquitous sentence of deposition from the Presbytery of Irvine, by which I'had been both licensed and ordnined, n suit in equity was recently instituted against mo, at tho instance of the Synod of Australia, for tho possession of tho property of the Scots Church and tho Australian College; in the progress of which the Rev. Dr. Fullerton, of Sydney, who has all along been tho ecclesiastical nightman of the Synod, doing ull its dirty and disgraceful work, of which 1 have already exhibited a fair specimen, actually swore through three foolscap paged of a voluntary alfidavit in . reference to tho facts and -occiu'reuees detailed in thc out- set of this poper-facts und occurrences which had tnken place 25 years beforo, with which, moreover, ho was totally unacquainted, and which were directly at variance with his impudent and reckless, although sworn allegations. Tho decision of tho Judge was, so far as it could go, entirely in my favour; declaring, in nccordauco with the preceding statement, that the Scots Church had nothing to do.with the College Buildings, and that the property of tho church was, in no way, under the control of tho Synod of Australia. Desirous, however, that my cha- racter as a minister of religion should not be dainngod in the .estimation of the public by the outrageous pro feedings of that Synod, nnd tho prima facie case they would establish ugainst me, I had instructed my counsel, ?at tho commencement of the suit, to apply to the Court lor a commission to examine several of the most eminent ministers of the Church of Scotland, as to whether the proceedings .of tho Synod of Australia, in my a Hair in \- the year 1812, were accordant with law'and justice., according Uuthe principles and practice of the Church of Scotland. And that commission being granted nt once, tho object of this Statement, which I now publish for the information of nil concerned, is to place the whole facts of the easo belora those adla and honorable men, to whoso judgment it will shortly bo submitted. I have already hinted that tho Synod of Australia exhibited,-Xor at least ten years from the period nt which I was constrained to renounce all connection with tho body, the most pitiful incapacity for the management of .a christian «burch, and tho want of everything like common sense, «s well as .christian zeal. Let tho fol- lowing particulars prove wluther I have not been in the right. . 1. During that decennial period, in which the colonial population had doubled itself, although the Episcopalian and Cornish Churches of the colony both doubled the namber'of their respective ministers and priests, there was no addition'made to the numbers of the Presbyterian State Church. 2\. Nothing was done by tho body., during that long period, for the interests of education. In the year 1837, on my return tu the colony, after n voyage to England, I brought out not feW9r than 12 ministers, and 15 school- masters, and made arrangement* for others to follow ; in several instances in both cases, entirely at my own coBt. But the Synod did nothing in addition. * They traded exclusively on my ecclesiastical capital, and merely worked, in . the most languid manner, the machinery I had previously sot up te their hand. , 3. I have shown how they destroyed the fair prospect of the establishment ofa college for the education of can- didates for the ministry in tho Pre- byterJan Church in the year 1841,-for it is (JIB easiest thing in the world, arid requires no other quality than mere malice to des troy-=*bnt have they eyep doqe anything earthly for that nobie object, ha,T)e ftey eve?. saqrtftqed, a, stiver sixpence for it, to Ufo preset day ? . I answejr, Nn ! îrU'hq majority of the Synod were rabid, Free Qnarotv men «nd disruntiamsts, un ta the ye«r WS, When they found, to their utter astonishment «nd sorrow, th«t the men in Scotland were in earnest. The tiJiugs of the aotual disruption reached Sydney a few days before their annual meeting in October of that year; but, although they were upwards of a whole weekin session, they never mentioned itt Oh! no-they never mentioned it. Like Zacharias tne priest, at the vision of the angel in the temple, the unwelcome tidings struck them dumb, and they were speechless on the subject for twelve months. 5\. It was necessary, however, under the cutting ridi- cule of the colonial public, to say something about it in the year 1814; and a series of half-way resolutions, offer- ing the right hand of fellowship to the Free Church and thu left hand to the Stats Church, that they might have all the credit of being identified with the one and all the pecuniary profit of belonging to the other, wa3 passed by a majority of thirteen to three, and transmitted to the, moderators of both Assemblies in Edinburgh.» 1 had predicted that these resolutions would be received by both Assemblies with ridicule and contempt ; and it turned out exactly as I had anticipated. The celebrated Dr. Merla D'Aubigné, of Geneva, was present in the Free Church Assembly when the resolutions were an- nounced, and he tells us thoy were received with loud " guffaws" of what Homer, I suppose, would call " inex- tinguishable laughter." The General Assembly ol' the Church of Scotland treated them eomewhat differently, by appointing a committee to take them into consider, ution, and by declaring afterwards, on the recommenda- tion of that committee, that the whole thirteen who ad- hered to the resolutions were no longer ministers of the Church of Scotland. + It is gratifying, however, to think that thero were so many Cranmers in the lot. It is, doubtless, easy for such men, and it cost them nothing earthly to "recant in such circumstances ; so they re- canted accordingly, and were soon safe back again in " the old bield." 0\. Thara were a few; however-four altogether-the Rev W. Hamilton, of Goulburn, author of tho Half-way Resolutions; tho Rev. John Tait, of Parramatta; the Rev.W. McIntyre, of Maitland ; and the Rev. Colin Stewart, of Bowenfells, who thought better of it, and made np their minds to " disrupt," in theyear 1840. But,as they had taken three years to do so, it was not wonderful that tho people had, in the meantime, grown very cool about it. How, then, did they act in such an emergency ? Why, liko thoso men who aro -wiser in their generation thun tho children of light: for, as a person who occupies the first, or second floor of a large house, and awakes during the night'to find the houso on fire, and no other means of escape left him than by leaping over the win- dow, earnestly desires a feather - bed, or even a dunghill, to break his fall, so these intending disruptionists, before taking the grand leap, duly apprised the Legislature of their intention by a formal petition, and earnestly solicited the boon of a political feather-bed or dunghill to break their fall, in the shape of a special endowment for themselves as intending Free Churchmen. But the local Government having very properly refused them this boon, they were obliged i to disrupt without tho endowment ; and the result was that the Rev. W. Hamilton, finding that his people would not support him as a Free Churchman, lind to go to Port Phillip and open a boarding-school. Mr. Colin i Stewart had to do tho same at Bowenfells. Mr. Tait; after languishing for a time at Parramatta, and making repented but ineffectual attempts to get to Sydney, to which Mr. McIntyre, who it was said wisued to he there himself, was strongly opposed, made " n moonlight flitting" at length from New South Wales, in defiance of tho very Synod which ho had helped to form, and is now _ settled as a 'Freo Churchman at Geelong, in Victoria. Mr. McIntyre remained at his post, as a minister, nt Maitland, and was thus the solitary excep- tion to prove the general rule ; although, having funds from another quarter independently of his congregation, he can scarcely be considered ns an exception. Such then is the hole of the pit out of which tho Free Church Synod of Kastern Australia was originally dug. In tho want of common sense, as well as in the utter lack of high principle that characterised its origin, it certainly bears a strong family resemblance to the Synod of Australia. . In those remarks, however, I speak exclusively of the men wlio were concerned in the outrageous proceedings of the latter Synod in 1843. I have no desire to say anything condemnatory of the men who have come out from Scotland for either of those Synods within the last few yeats. I impute the proceedings in question in tho year 1812 entirely to an unprincipled combina- tion, and conspiracy-such as is not altogether unparalleled in the Presbyterian Church-on tho part of tho Kev. John Tait, of Purramntta, the Kev. James (now Dr.) Fullerton, of Sydney, and the Rev. William McIntyre, ol' Maitland. These men were all of diminutive stature, but of overweening vanity and self conceit ; and so long ns they were sworn brothers, which was only for a short season, while they were banded to- gether against myself, they were commonly known in tho colony ns tho three Tooley- street Tailors. They had all come out at my special instance and through my personal exertions, in the year 1837 ; Mr. McIntyre, however, being the only one of the three who had been selected by myself. They were all previously in very humble and obscure situations at home. Mr. Tait was a town missionary in the town of Greenock, but with no prospect of a settlement in Scotland. Mr. Fullerton was settled at n placo called Benburb, under the Synod of Ulster, in tho north of Ireland, where all that his con- gregation could give him, in addition to £70 n-ycar of Iler/ium Bonum, was the starvation allowance of A'27 -is. öd., and Mr. McIntyre was teaching a second rate school in Tradeston, ono of the suburbs of Glasgow. My own voyage, both home and out on that occasion, as well as all my travelling and other expenses in England, were defrayed from my own private resources ; hut I got ¿'150 for each of these ministers, as well as for eight or ten others, from tho public funds to defray the cost of their passago out. In short, they all owed everything to me ; but I am not in the least astonished that they should, notwithstanding, have all turned against me. This is human nature, and in perfect accordance with its usual developments. Our blessed Saviour cured ten lepers, but thero was only one who returned to give him thanks. Now I do think I have experienced a return of gratitude from one out of every ten of the numerous ministers nnd schoolmasters, and others, whom I have been instrumental in bringing ont, from obscurity and penury at home, to prominence and com- fort and comparative independence in these colonies. I nm sure I cannot bua--t of a higher proportion ; hut, with .inch an exampla to modify one's expectations, why should I look for it? Mr. Tait was ti roora shallow-brained pretender, who made np fer his want of real ability by his pomposity nnd affectation. His undisguised nnd unprovoked hos- tility to myself wns constantly exhibiting itself iu in- stances which I can still recollect, but which I should scorn to repeat ; nnd his envy nnd malignity were equnlly evident and offensive. In short, Mr. Tait had all the natural qualifications for a Dominican in- quisitor. The Rev. James (now Hr.) Fullerton is, in point of literary and ministerial qunlities, n miserable Hibernian driveller, with neither abili'y nor respectability. How then, it may bo asked, could he have pot nn Academical degive from ii Scottish University ? Why, it happened as follows :-He wrote a sort of begging letter to tho Rev. Dr. Brown, of Aghndowey, in tho north of Ireland, a well-meaning, good-natured man, on whom ho lind; somo claims; telling him that, as he was then Clerk of'the Synod of Australia, it would tend greatly to the honour and glory of that body, ns well as to his own, if he could get- him anything of tho kind through his clerical friends in Scotland. The Church of Scotland was then at open war with the Scotch Voluntaries, and any countenance it received from any quarter out of Scotland, especially from the recipients of the Ii ey ium Bonum in Irtland, was peculiarly acceptable. Dr. Brown took advantage of this feeling, when in tho course of a missionary tour ii Scotland, lie had to visit Aberdeen ; soliciting and obtaining from the University of that city n degree for the Clerk of the Synod of Australia 1 The whole affair * Tho following is a specimen, of these wo rid-Tum ed Resolu- tion* : " Tb ey considered the Freo Church anil tlte Establishment lo lie both portions of the Catholic Chu rob of Christ, auil ibat communion could be held with both. If any member thought right tu divest himself, by a privute cot of demission, of a right to hold the presentation to a pariah in Scotland, the Synod would not sui'j cet him to any disnualiflcation as a colonial minister and a member of their Court." \+ The following was the deliverance of the General Assembly on the subject:- - '1 At the evening Kitting-" Dr. Ttober£sou care in the report of thA Committee appointed in the forenoon, to consider th3 reso- lutions passed hythe Synod of Australia. The committee recom- mended that thone ministers who adhered to the resolutions fib o ii Ul no longer be regarded os ministers of the Chnrch of Scot- land, and that copies of the minute be transmitted to the Mode- rator aud Clerk of the Australian Synod, and to the Secretary for the Colonies." Agreed to. The thirteen who were thns ignominiously turned out of the Church of Scotland, for which th*y had nevertheless professed such heroic sentiments, wura as follows:-Tbfl^e with an asterisk prefixed to their names had never la reality belonged to that Chnrch, being legally un/jnaliiied to hold any appointment in connection with it. . Itev. C Atchison, Wollongong ; * H. Gilchrist, Campbell- town, since deceased; W, Hamilton, Gool barn; *C. Eipper, Braidwood; J. Hetherington, Patrick's Plains, now of Mel- bourne: T. Mowbray, now at Moreton Hay, and ab agenda-; *M. Adam,Windsor; *Dr. Fullerton, Sydney; W. Jfc'Intyre, Mait- land; J.Forbes, Melbourne, since deceased; * II. Blain, Hinton ; 9* TS-1, Pjwramatta, now in OeelopjJ ¡ 0, Sfc:wnrt, powfjnfells. w»s somotfùng like th»» apeares of swindling designated 1 altaiHiw goods an /tife« pretences, Tb,b tale Bey, Mr, Murray, of the Norw Qhnreh of Aberdeen, related the whole circumstance to me, aa. he had had it from Pr. Brown himself, in his own hqu.se, I shall only a/id for the benefit of those it concerns, that it is discreditable in the extreme to any University, andjabsolutelyr uinous to the interests of learning, to prostituta its titles in any such way. The Rev. William McIntyre undoubtedly possesses abilities of a particular kind, although somewhat muddy.hcadcd, fiat, and insipid. Dogmatical, and fond of power to an inordinate degree, he was nevertheless apt to become the dupe of far inferior men fas was doubtless the case in the coalition he joined against myself) who either flattered his vanity or wrought upon his fears. Believing him as I did from the first sincerely pious and devoted, I had the highest esteem for him ; and although we dilfered widely in opinion on some subjects, especially on the relations of Church and State, I am quite sure we never exchanged one angry word. So strongly was I prepossessed in his favour from the first, that I recollect walking one dark night, when I had arrived in Glasgow by the railway from London or Liverpool, about two miles through the raia and sleot to iuduco him to como out to this colony. Ile lived more than two years under my roof in Sydney, during ray own absence in England and America, and WB3 tended by my family for the whole ofthat period, as if ho hod been my brother. It was, therefore, with a sink ing of spirits, with a feeling of painful misgiving which I cannot describe, that I found Mr. Me'Intyre banded against me along with two such contemptible men os Messrs. Tait and Fullerton. The Roman Catholics have a blasphemous book, written by i-omo Spanish or Italian monk, entitled "Tho Coi.fjrmitios of S*. Francis." I I hilve reason to be thankful to Mr. Mu'Iutyro for enabling 1 me to realize something of the Conformities also. It is to him I stand indebted for being enabled to appropriate tho following verses of ths 55th Psalm, which I shall take tho liberty to quote from my own motrical version of the Psalms of David, written at sea 'Twas not my bitter foo whoso tongue Reproachfully malignad my name, Anti violently wrought me wrong, EUo had t borne or shunned the shame. Hut thou, my bosom friend, 'twos thou. With whom my soul had converso sweet, Oft as wo paid tho solemn vow, In God's house where his people meet. I believe it was my Boole on America-my indirect plea for tho freedom of Religion in those noblo colonies that turned the head of this narrowmtnded, this un- worthy Celt. Now, I have no hesitation in expressing my belief and conviction that when this plain truthful statement, which carries its own evidence on the face of it, shall be read, together with the documents that will accompany it, by those eminent ministers of the Church of Scotland, to whom it will shortly bo submitted, they will declare unanimously, and at once, that the proceedings of the Synod of Australia towards me in the year 1813, were not only utterly unwarranted, but absolutely monstrous and .disgraceful-contrary al i leo to Scottish ecclesiastical law, and to British justice. And I om confident also that they will insist upon that Synod, as the first step in the process of needful reformation, as well as under pain of incurring the high displeasure of tho mother church, forthwith to repeal its own scandalous and dis- graceful docision of 1812 in regard to myself, and to erase every syllable respecting it from its records. Whon that is done-but not till then-it will bo time to talk about a union of the different sections of the Presbyterian Church, nnd the establishment of a -Presbyterian College in this colony. Such a uniou must not bo the work of a few clerical drivellers ; it must be such u3 will commend itself to tho great body of the Presbyterian people throughout this land. A Presl>3-lorian Colloge is neither to be looked for nor received from the effete fribhlers of 1841 and 1812, whose infatuated and suicidal conduct destroyed th noble prospect there really was for the establishment of such a College for all theso colonies after my return from Van Diemen's Land and Port Phillip, fifteen yenrs ago. Let a comprehensive union, on fair and honorable terms, be the sine qua non in this matter ; and let not one sixpence be sub- scribed for a College by any intelligent Presbyterian who has n particle cither of public spirit or of self-respect, I till it is elTcotod. Through ray exertions in tho Legislative Council in 1894, thc establishment of a Presbyterian College was left equally open to all Presbyterians throughout the colony. The three Synods aro, therefore, all on pre- cisely the same footing in this matter, and it cannot, therefore, be permitted to become a monopoly in the hands either of ono or of two. And let it bo remembered that the only splendid donation that has hitherto been made for this object, was made from tho body with which I am identified. My late brother-in-law, Mr. J. H. Baillie, who belonged to tho Synod of New South Willes, anil was a member of my congregation till his death, left the whole of his property, subject to the life rent of his widow, for the endowment of two professor- ships in a Presbyterian College, to be established in Sydney; and it was chiefly to provent that noble endow- ment from falling into exceptionable hands, as it might otherwise have done, that I laboured, and laboured suc- cessfully, to got tho future Presbyterian College kept open for all in 1851. Let the Synod of Australia and the Synod of Eastern Australia-the State Church and the Free Church-shew something equally munificent from each of their respective quartets, towards this noble object. I can only hopo they may. When a union of the Presbyterian Church on a brand and firm basis is effected, and a Presbyterian .College established, it will be absolutely necessary to have a preparatory academy for the training np of candidates for the ministry from all parts of the colony, previous to thoir entrance into tho College and University ; and for this purposo tho £3~>00 advanced from tho public treasury for the establishment of the Australian College twenty-five years ago, moy all still bo available. About £2000 additional was contributed by tho public ; but that whole amount and very considerably moro was expended in tho progress of tho Institution (indepen- dently of the buildings) in passage-money from England, in salaries, in house-rent, in books, nnd philosophical apparatus. The only parties connected with tho Insti- tution who contributed more than A'50 each, were Mr. George Bowman and Mr. William Bowman M. P., tho former of whom paid i' iOO, and tho latter .£200. When the property-consisting of the two upper houses in tho rango of buildings in Jamison street - comes to bo sold, in order to a final settlement of the questions involved in it, 1 pro- pose that £300 of these amounts should he repaid from the proceeds, to tho former of these gentlemen, and £100 to the latter, to bo devoted to the Presbyterian Collogo, or otherwise as they please : and that the £3500 representing the originnl amount advanced by Government, which I shnll hold sacred for the purposes of education, should he expended in tho establishment of such a preparatory academy as I have indicated, to bo situated on tho vacant ¡allotment of tho Scots Church; deducting from that amount the estimated value of the hall or lecture-room already erected, which must form a part of the educational establishment, and which was erected, I may say, exclusively at my expense.» I shall then, I conceive, have honourably discharged my duty to the Government and tho publie in this matter; for while n considerably larger amount will still bo available for tho canso of education flinn any person can hive a riyht to expect under nil the circumstances I bavo ¡detailed, I shall only recover a mero fragment of my own J property from the Wreck. JOHN DUNMORE LANG, D.D. and A.M., Minister of the Scots Church, Sydney; Honorary Member of the African Insti- tute of France, of the American Oriental Society, and of the Literary Institute of Olinda in the Brazils. Sydney, 24th November, 1850 * Tho Australian College, after a partial revival in 1850 and lWd, ceased ultogcther to exist aa an educational institution on the 1st of April, 1831 ; the prospects that were then opened up for the establishment of a Presbyterian College in connection with the t.nivcrsity of Sydney, rendering the further existonce ofthat Xnstitntiou on its former footing unnecessary. I brought in a Bill into the Legislative Council of that year, with a view to tho final settlement of the questions of property alluded to above ; but in consequence of the illnatured opposition of the Synod of Australia, it had to be withdrawn for a time. While this Bill was in suspense, the hali or lecture-room was occupied (gratuitously on my part) hythe Philharmonic Society, for their prac tis in gs und rehearsals; but when the Bill wan withdrawn, the Society offered to rent the hall, which they did accordingly from tho 1st of January, IHM. ThÍ3 will ax plain Mr. Justice Therry'a allusions to fiddling in the h nil. X can shew that the building was erected as I have stated above, and as I had never received one farthing of interest for the money I had sunk in it from the year 1841, I had no misgivings os to the course I had pursued. 