OOiUiESPONDE-NCE. 'EVERYTHING IN JKINEBAL.' (to th' edither o' the freeman, jintkman.) air And miitber, — ? ? . well here's At yon agb ) onre i was ot opinnyion, that i'd never miio 'could to right you another bit ov a noto, Or a tas!« ov 9 lett'cer, or postowp exthruordinary. 'Ooh, i'vs bean ot late in suoh a deplorable state of tindher rncianchoUj, so that you wouldn't giva tnppono* For the fee simple o* iny wit or th« entail ot My good Spirits for tbo list 8 muntbs. tha down that growe wild on the bog 07 Allen, an' the soft feathers th&t; warm the breset of tha jintle dors, and tho not ors&t;& ot your lona ou'.a mother, ocuMn't be more affiwtionate^ — nor Boftw — nor move fet linger than tha state of my mind, ainoe i last Did the freemar. the honor of addreuiii' a bit 07 epistolatory communication to its kollmnna. what in the wide world ami afthcr ? Ons would think that i lost my seven Binfiea. hsra i Bat down to maie you laugh as merry as an Athboy girl, an' eura its into my tanthrutns and blew divils i'm gsltin1— doin' ray very best— or rather my very wurat— to maks you and ray raspeotabh an1 day» cent readers as sad ea the Galtoe hills, on a black blako winther dny— 33 sad looking aa poor onld ugly William Of orangowas, mounted upon hi9 ouli ugly lump ot a heavy orange hor.e in College Gr»en, dublin, when the gay, jovial, jolly bit ov a dublin jackeen done a piece ov fancy work on th.} oald rascal, by thraiii' him to a gano.-ous daub of durty blackenin', before tha Bun gave a Single niornin' amilo or the slightaat taste ov A salute to the ugly puld villian, on a certain 12th o' July mornin'. that's rightin' for ye! arrali Bnmey what makes you E&d; ? why aro youunaisyi vv Hat in tne world has coma across you ? what's up —what's down wid you P ' quay tay demenshia sajie it,'* to give tho Latin ov the thing ? these are a few of tho questions my readew — God bless them— particularly the jintle and tindher ones who have so much enjoyed all my former luckybrations, will natharally ax. attintion ! — here is tho rale rayaon why i'm over anl abo79 sad. it's this ; but i'll tell it in my own way, the public is aware, if they're awaro ov anything — an' if ther aren't thev oupht — anrm if t.hov rlnn't like they won't, an' if they did they might, an' if they would they could— at any rate they should bo wdl aware, thatmr. doethorji in my Martin, essquaro, done me out o' ray consticidney or Cook and West moreland by a mighty clever bit o1 shickcainnerry. all the world knows that his vice royal exeellentcy the guvernur-jinneral never wrote ma the letther by any manes at all at all, that appeared in a by gone number ot the freeman. No, he ncTer rote it. he tould me so himself as i was takin' a bit ov dinner wid him— an' a mighty plain dinner in all . konschienco It was— th' other day. It was all A forgerry. 'Barney,' sor, the gOTermir, ' what savcrets is thim you put in the paper about me.' ' wid plcssure, yer exeellentcy,' aez i, thinkm' it waa more wine he wanted to help himself to undher the pretence of thryin' to thrate me. ' Oh,: Barney avid;' sez the governur, ' you misspake me. i never take nothing slhronger than wather— barn' tay, or coughfee, or chokealett, or jinger bear, or thira kind ot jintle aud mild beve rages, i'm a stowiek every inch oy me, my own bould barney !' sez his oxcellentcy.. ' but,' sez i in response, ' didn't you rite to me to take a sate in the Upper house ?' ? ' not as much ov a word as the millionth Part ov an irregular fraction ot one,' sez ho, with a mighty learned look. .-?:.. 'But shure i resaived the letthor,' sez i. ' That's what i wondher at,' sez he. ' it must be a forgerry thon,' sez i. 'mighty likely, intirely !' sez he. 'couldn't we find the imposther out?' axed i. 'Begorrez,' sez he, 'i'don'fc know, there's but a. single chap in Sydney could single out the silly scamp j an' lie is that singular snap-dhragon ov a fellow, misthcr singleton, tho deteether. he's the man for your money, Barney.' ' Well, guvcrnur' ? here i became more open* hsarled, warmer-heartad— my tongue wint ai.d wint wid such aiss, and there came EUch a cloud ov golden spenks before my eyes, on1 my brain reeled wid such visions—' well, gu- vernur,' aez i, ' whether i was done out ov the parleymint or not by Knavery— here's a toast for you that hanged a man wanst; — Here's ' a white pigeon with a green imng ? A bloody summer an' an Irish King.' Ilis vicG-royulfcy didn't soom to understand the joke or liko the sintimaut. ' an' no wondhe? V miyba it reminded him ov Smith o'brien. . well, tho reader sees that, although i'm ou ? spakin'tevins wid all the grato min— ths m.l.c-'s, m.l.a.'e, m.p.'s,' or whatever you like to call thim — it doesn't put the ghost ov a shillin, nor tho value or a pinny bit in silver into my pocket, i'm in noytuer. nouse now ; an although his vice mtjesty said something about free qiiarthers for lifo at some crock that i forget— oh, something liko Tara creak, or tear one, or tar one, or tar-ban, or tar an' brand creek, or that kind 0' sound— i don't think i can get into office this bout— no wondhar i'm sad. mr. parkes an' myself would make Buch 2 Sao illigant represintativp min in the house— i myself the tight, snug, round, well-built, g3v-hoartod, bright-sysd representative ov oulcl ireland j lie the hai-d-hearted bony- fftoodj-parchnjont-s'itiimed, cadaverous-lookin prototype ov cruel, mon-a- factarin' IngUnd. ? i'm now in the counthrv on the look out for a nato bit ov an estate, i left ono of bog behind m9 in ireland botore iwdnt to Amarikav, and oae of black niggers behind me in south Carolina bofore i.kom to Auathralia, :;nd a great many ov go old on all sides of mo in this eounthry ; but now i'm bould ' on a snug liltlo hit ov a eounthry estate, 'it will ahoot me well to be a eounthry jintleman. i'll bo mighty kind to My Tonanthry. A$ writia' an' printin' doesn't seem to pay you, nr.\ Editber, for your always ecoldiu' about bad debts, juet wait till i'm settled, an' i'll givo you a littlo house widher the hill, where you oau sing home sweet home, an' danco to the tune ov the dtislg miller, or whistlo tlio whit&toookihadc;, or do anything in - daoonoy au' everything in propriety, widhout carin' the value of a sthrawr or the weight ov a tlvrantst* for any man. i hoar mr. inartin is goin1 to estab lish at tho Sr.ggistion ov mr. Bob camel, a society .To bo callod 'The Society oV rwivEKHAi Nolledse.' i'll go down to opposo him in the matther ; at laato iv i can help it ha shan't be oorrespondin' Scoryterry. i think from my Not ledge ov tbo world, got by hard thravollin', i'd make tha best sooryfcarry myself. * Pcrhupo somo readers may not understand Mr. MaguWfj genuine Keltic- Etruscan Ortho; graphy of the above Latin quotation. In tho vulgar edition of the nlas-iics it runt):— ' Qua to ' dementia ccpit.' *. ? . ; ? ..... .. ' ! , ;.,.::? ,.. ..-? -... - i b'liero oil. the sciences are in as. .sound a state ov health as i'ul at present, for 'which i'tn truly thanWul!. . . ?#??# # # ? # * Hellon ! i'va hoard the news ! [ Ameriltay is up again TnglandU! There they are like two oats Bparrin' and growlin* at each other across a buclcet o' milk! I can't rite another sintince now. the letthers are takin' quite a blood color before my eyes — they are dancin' about bofore me, and bobbin to each other in wondherful confusion, i must conclude— wait till i rite to you agin. .?'??. Evir your 'wn BARNEY MAGUTRK . . (late Edither o' ihejupitlter Tonans.) . Dated Wee . Waa, this 30th ov Way, 1856, A.D. 