SOUTH AUSTRALIA. A Shaky Corporation. — From the report of pro ceedings in the City Council of Adelaide, on the 4th inst., it appears that one councillor and two officers had resigned, two others had been dismissed, and a commit tee was appointed to enquire into tho conduct of nn othcr. The Clerk of tho Corporation has also resigned ; he took up his pen and walked a week or two since. Six (JUL Ail Case. — Some short time sinco, a girl naineci iuargaret ivu uy , who was mreii at ine vocation for harvest work, was, whilst working in tho field near Gawler Town, suddenly taken with a sun- stroke. The case was not a very severe ono, and after some illness seemed in a fair way of recovery. Shortly after conva lescence, the girl showed signs of insanity, and has gra dually become so deranged as to bo rbligcd to be kept under restraint as a confirmed lunatic. This should be a wnrniiig to all tliojo who imprudently expose them selves to the effects of the burning sun. Thero is, per haps, no disease more rapidly fatal, or more easily taken than n sun-stroke. Destructive Fire at Wellington, — Wo hnve received somo very slight particulars of a fire by which tho Police Station, Post Office, and Ferry-house at Wellington, together with the stabling and stockyards, have been entirely destroyed. It occurred, as wo under stand, nt nbout two o'clock on Thursday afternoon, nnd is supposed to hnve commenced in the roof. The mail bags from Wellington are said to have been destroyed, but tho overland mail was saved. Tho troopers sta tioned thero wero Constables Nixon and Carland. Mr Carter, tho postmnster and ferryman, resided in part of tho promises, as also his assistant, but our information is to the effect that no lives wore lost. It was tho in tention of Air Allan M'Fnrkino, J.P., to hold an inquest upon the fire, tho particulars of which will no doubt reach town by to-morrow's mail. Since the nbove wns written wo have beon favored with the following further particulars : — The. whole of the Government building — Police Station, Ferry, and Post Office — wns entirely destroyed by fire on Thursday, the 31st January. The firo commenced from the chimnoy of the Police Station. Tho postmaster wns in tho act of making up the mails for the Mount Gambier district, and fortunately was enabled to save the Adelaide bags for that district ; but with that exception the whole of the Post Office mate rials were burnt, including tho few unclaimed letters and papers. The roof being composed of reeds burnt so rapidly that, notwithstanding the assistance which was freely rendered, very little could bo saved. Mr Carter (the postmaster) lost a great deal of private property by tho occurrence. — S. A. Register. Humble Indigence. — Miss Hart submitted to the Destituto Board a pieco of beef, which sho condenmed as unfit for her uio, and not such. a» had been ordered for her that morning by the Colonial Surgeon. The Colonial Surgeon said lie had ordered Miss Hart a pound of good beef that morning. Ho confessed he saw nothing wrong in the beef produced. The Board unanimously approved of the quality of the meat. Miss Hart, who walked into the Board-room with all the insolence of a workhouse revolter, said she would have justice ; that she would insist on. She would not take that meat ; she would leave it there. She would have proper support, or none at all. They had robbed her from first to last, and she would let them know it. She would let them see whether the Colonial Secretary would suppors tliem or her. Standing in the doorway, retreating, she held up her arm like tho ghost of Cicsar, and said, in a voice that would have been tolemn had it not been cracked — Remember, justice ! The Board resolved that Miss Hart shall in future be treated precisely the same as any other pauper. — S.A. Register. 