THE Stockman's Daughter: A TALE OF THE NEW COUNTRY. ( Continued from our last.) CHAPTER XIII.--THE FELLOWSHIP OF CRIME. After an absence, of a few minutes, Roper returned from the hut, bringing with him a small phial, rather more than half filled with laudanum. Pouring out about a table spoonful of this into a pannikin, he handed it to Joe, who, threatened with the axe, drank it off. He was then laid down in his former place near the fire, and co- vered with blankets. For a space of ten minutes, Roper waited for the ordinary effects of the laudanum to become apparent, but the state of high excitement into which Joe had been thrown, not only by the recent struggle, but also by his wound, had prevented the poison from acting so powerfully as it would have done in an ordinary instance. Too impatient to wait longer, Roper gave a second table spoonful, but with no better result: and subsequently, a third was administered. Still Joe showed no symptoms of dozing, and Roper ignorantly ascribing this state of things to a want of power in the medicine, rather than to the high state of nervousness of the wounded man, determined to obtain a supply of some other and more efficient poison which he had concealed in a plant at no great distance. With strict injunctions to the Duffer to keep a careful watch on Joe, Roper started for his plant. Admiringly had the Duffer looked on during the whole of these proceedings, not failing to pass his opinion in his ordinary style of commentary upon every action as it occurred. Being now left alone he commenced to sum up on the whole affair. "Its shure then, Joe, that ye're born for the gallows. No inside, barrin' one of brass—would ever have stood that last dose.—I wonder yer head doesn't spin like a top. Joe, darlin, what the divil makes ye give all this trouble.—Couldn't ye have gone off asy with the first lot.—And then to think of the way ye spoiled the purtiest stroke as ever I saw struck, and the Captain such a pleasant man wid the axe too—Eight blows did I see the Captain strike, and yours the only one that missed, and that the purtiest blow of the lot, though he took Ned Rafferty clane down to the breast bone.— Shure then I wonder Captain boders wid him, and he spoiling the best stroke of eight.—Lets see.—There was Tom Morgan—no he wasn't first—Pat Quinn was first,— then Tom Morgan,—then the Tulip,—ah! didn't the Tulip die hard,—he fout hard for it, even after he had a hole in his head as big as a tay cup." Here the Duffer became wrapped up in his reminiscences, forgetting his charge, and drawing himself up comfortably to the fire, where he proceeded to tell off on his fingers the re- maining "strokes" by which Roper had rid himself of former troublesome pals. He had been awake all night, and now, the warmth of the fire, and possibly the nature of his cogitations, set him dozing, and his head nodded occasionally, as his tongue wagged less frequently. Joe had laid quiet for a while, but the laudanum turning his stomach, he sat up. Then he perceived the chance of escape that the Duffer offered him, and, raising himself up as noiselessly as he could, he possessed himself of the axe that had been left on the ground near where he lay, and, with weak and uncertain steps, advanced upon the old man, who, partly dozing and partly muttering complaints at Joe's escape, little thought of the danger that threatened him. For an instant Joe held the axe edge downwards: but the sight of the old man's grey hairs disarmed his revenge, and, turning the axe round, he struck the Duffer a sharp blow on the back of the head with the eye of the axe, and left him stunned and senseless on the earth—then, with a wild cry of joy, he bounded away, fear and excitement lending him that strength that only a short time previously had been denied him. Stupified by the blow, the Duffer lay inanimate until Roper's return, at which precise time he began to collect his scattered senses. The rage of Roper was excessive, on finding that Joe had escaped, more particularly on seeing the mode by which the escape had been effected. "Ah," said the old man, "he hadn't the lessons I've had, or he'd ha' made shure work of old Jemmy." "It was a pity he didn't, to save me trouble," responded the other. "It's pretty well for a beginning, but he hasn't the pleasant way of you, Captain; divil a pleasanter man with an axe that I know of. It's that back stroke that's so clever. Eight times I've—" He never spoke another word, for Roper's axe cut short the sentence, by ending the old wretch's life. CHAPTER XIV.--A MAIDEN'S COURAGE. It was an hour after sunrise, and the gang of villains were assembled in little knots, discussing the previous night's work, and awaiting the appearance of Roper. Jack had brought the message with which he had been entrusted, so that there was no uneasiness, although there was some impatience at their leader's absence. After only a brief stay, Opossum Jack had started off to reconnoitre, in order to bring the band intelligence of the movements of the occupants of Mount Pleasant. The position of the murderers was anything but a pleasant one. They knew that the avenger of blood was out, and might even now be on their tracks: and notwithstanding the blustering assumption of indiffer- ence, there would have been evident to a quiet on-looker, an under-current of nervous anxiety, that gave to every trifling circumstance an appearance of importance, and formed out of it a cause for alarm. Thus Roper's continued absence, although he had taken care that they should be prepared for it, at length begot so much apprehension, that the propriety of at once taking to the bush was being discussed, not openly, but in whispered hints to each other. The alarm was just reaching the culminating point, when Roper was perceived walking with rapid steps towards the hut. He was panting and almost breathless with extreme haste: his face looked haggard, and his cheeks were unnaturally pale, whilst his whole attire was dabbled, and in many places saturated with blood. Instantly on reaching the hut, he was assailed on all sides by questions; but, pushing them all aside, he called to the hut keeper to bring the rum-bottle; and, on receiving it, he applied the neck of the bottle to his mouth, and drank off a full half-pint. Under the influence of this stimulant, and having recovered his breath, his face regained somewhat of its natural appearance. "Now then, lads," he said, "to business." "What's the matter with you, Roper?" asked one, "you look as white about the gills as if you had seen a ghost." "A ghost?" sneered Roper, "it must be a stout one to gally me. But we have other work than this child's talk.—Where's the swag?" "Safe in the hut," answered Williams; "we didn't put it in the plant because of the ready, which we might whack out at once." "Good!" responded Roper, "it will save time, bring it here." One or two of the men went into the hut, and brought out a bag, in which the plunder had been placed for easier transport. A table was then drawn out in front of the hut door, and Roper emptied on to it the contents of the sack. Then looking round, he said, "Where's the 'Possum?" "He's off to gun the crib yonder, and see what more the Captain is up to." "All right! Jack's an excellent pal, if he would only obey orders. His lay and Joe's we must put aside." So saying, he began to count out the money and notes that formed the more tangible portion of the spoil. "These," he added, pointing to some articles of plate and jewellery, "must go off to the plant, and I will see about having them fenced at once; though I am afraid they'll have to go to Sydney." "Never mind the shan," was the eager answer, "whack out the ready." The partition was made, when suddenly Roper's eyes fell upon a packet of papers "Hallo!" he said "how come these amongst the swag." No answer was returned. "Some one" said Roper, looking round with a quick, fierce, glance upon each man separately, "Some one has been overhauling the swag, for those papers were left safe in my peter when I went away." "Well, look here. Captain," said Williams starting up, "when you didn't come up to time, we thought some- thing had happened and we overhauled the bag to see if there was anything that required to be put out of the way. When Jack came with your message the stuff was put back, and no doubt by accident the papers got shoved in with it." There's the history of it! "Williams," replied Roper, drawing a pistol from beneath his frock "this is the second time to night you have disobeyed orders—you shan't do it a third time!" he raised the pistol and was about to fire, when a third man seized his arm, wrenched the pistol from his hand, and threw it some distance away." "Come, come, none of that!" shouted the man who had interfered, "we are all in the mess as deep as Williams,—besides if we wasn't, the traps have quite bullets enough for us, without our serving 'em out amongst ourselves." "Am I to be Captain of the band," asked Roper, in a voice of suppressed rage. "To be sure you are," was answered, "but we ain't going to let you knock us on the head for all that. And what's all this —— row about a few papers?" "They are papers that may yet prove of value!" "And what are they—love letters?—My eye! It would be a rum start to see Roper's love letters, eh, pals?— Rather a queer kind of thing, eh?" and the rest joined in a rude laugh. "Thomson," said Roper, in slow measured tones, "beware! you ought to know me." "And so I do, for a regular out and outer, when you don't take those cranky fits.—But let us have a look at the dokkimints as the big wigs say." "They are private papers, they have an interest only for me, who know their history. They have made one man's fortune, and I may make something of them yet myself." "Some thundering cunning nob work about 'em, eh?" said Thomson, who, as well as the others had become highly interested in the papers that could produce such a result as Roper had mentioned. "Let's look at 'em? Nothing convertible?" "No—no—only a cheque for a hundred, and cashing that would spoil the game—though cashing it would be no go, as the swell whose name is signed to it is out of the country." "And whose name is it?" "Old Colonel ------- of the —th," said Roper, and the words had hardly passed his lips, when there was a suppressed exclamation of astonishment, and a quick flutter of female garments, and Helen stood almost within arm's reach of Roper, the pistols with which she had armed herself in her hands, and presented at the ruffian's head. "Those papers," she cried, "must be mine!" At the first sound, Roper had snatched up the papers and thrust them into his breast, then looking round him he saw that the girl was accompanied only by the black fellow, Quart Pt, who stood, half sheltered by the corner of the house, with a spear, ready raised for projection, in his hand. "What," said Roper sneeringly, when he had made his survey, "a lady turned out on the toby, and trying her hand on Government men—well, this is turning the tables on us." "Villain who know well who and what I am," she answered, "and your conscience already tells you the errand I am on—until this minute I knew not that it was you who held those papers, though of their existence I was aware." "You know of them! how?" "The unfortunate against whom those documents were made the instruments of persecution was my father,—he who was Iast night so brutally murdered by your gang." "Nonsense, these papers concern Captain Wyvil and he was drowned years ago—Your father might have had a little affair of his own, but this was nothing to do with him—" "Captain Wyvil was not drowned, but perished last night under the hands of your crew." "------- and have I then destroyed my best chance." "He is dead, and now I, his daughter, demand those papers. I came with the full intent to apprehend you and your associates and to hand you over to justice. Your lives are now in my hands, give up those papers, and I will allow you and your comrades to depart, and leave it to the officers of justice to deal with you." "You're a plucky one, any how, and seem to make sure of success—Suppose I refuse?" "The instant you do so, I fire—and, woman though I be, I never miss a mark I aim at." "I've heard tell of you, and I am jammed up, I suppose it's no use arguing the matter—There's what you want," and as he spoke he drew the papers from his breast and threw them on the table. In her excitement at the hope of thus obtaining what she so earnestly required, Helen darted forward, and in so doing she changed the relative positions of herself and Roper. Her back was partly towards him as she reached the table, and ere she could grasp the packet, Roper's powerful arms had clasped her and she found herself pinioned and powerless. At the same time, two of the men, who by a sign for Roper had been prepared, sprang upon the black. Quart Pot had stood in amazement listening to the parley between Helen and Roper, of which he understood nothing, and, thinking that the whites were coming to some amicable arrangement, he had been thrown off his guard, and thus became an easy captive. "Now then, my flash blowen," said Roper, as one of his associates disarmed Helen, "you ain't disposed to be so saucy as you were just now, I suppose." "Treacherous villain," she exclaimed, as Roper released her. "But I should have known how little you were to he trusted." "So Big Jack was the captain, was he—and you are his daughter," and Roper looked upon her immediately, as if some new idea had taken possession of his mind, and he was trying to work it out. "What a precious knowing dodge that was of his." He paused, but Ellen made him no reply, "and you are his daughter," he continued, "and a rare plucky piece of goods you are— You and I will have to know something more of each other yet—But come, pals, we have already wasted too much time." "What are you going to do with the darkey?" asked one. "Hand me one of the blowen's barkers," he answered, "and I will show her that I can hit a mark as well as herself—" one of the pistols was handed to him and he cocked it. Helen rushed up and seized his arm, "good heaven, you will not surely murder this poor fellow who has done you no harm." "Done no harm!" shouted Roper, "hasn't he played the blood hound—and won't he do it again—I'll stop his mischief for the future;" But Helen now grasped him firmly, and it was no easy matter to shake her off— "Oh, spare his life, and let him go—I will promise for him that he shall never speak of you or of this adventure." "I've been too long in the bush to trust a black fellow's promise, for I know exactly what its worth. Let go your hold." "Not till you have promised to spare his life." "Here, Williams, Thomson, one of you send a bullet through the black, whilst I hold the girl quiet." Thomson sprang forward readily enough to obey this order, for killing a black was not an act that was looked upon with repugnance in those days, even amongst men of higher standing than the marauders then present. In vain Helen now sought to disengage herself from Roper's grasp, and she shrieked in agony as his companion advanced to take the pistol. Just then the loud clattering of horse's hoofs alarmed the party, and gave a temporary respite to the black. One of the men had looked out and now announced that Opossum Jack was returning to the hut full gallop. Scarcely were the words out of his mouth, than Jack rode up, his horse lathered with foam, and showing other signs of a hard ride. "Quick, boys, quick," said Jack, "up with your swags and nammas, there's a strong party on the scent, and they'll be here before you leave if you're not quick." " Have you seen them?" asked Roper. "Yes, I saw them riding up to the Duffer's—and you know best what they'll find there—they had Joe with them." "Then the game's up and we're blowed upon; but that black shall pay for it," and he once more presented the pistol at the black. Jack's attention being called to him by this action, he at once recognised Quart Pot, and quick as thought he struck the pistol out of Roper's hand. "Roper, that darkey saved my life only a few days ago, when I was nearly nailed by the traps. It would have been a swinging match for me, and so I won't see him hurt." "Your mealiness will ruin us—you saved Joe and he has split on us—you would save this black and he will track us down." "I'll answer for him—and whether or no he shan't be hurt, or you will deal with me. Let him adrift there, lads." And despite the frowning discontent of Roper, Quart Pot was released. "Well, why don't you mizzle?" Jack asked of the black. "Quart Pot came with the young white girl—a black warrior does not leave his jins behind him in the enemy's country." "A blowen!" exclaimed Jack in astonishment, for not till then did he perceive Helen, "why Roper, you old sinner, you keep your games pretty dark." "She came to apprehend us—ha! ha! ha! and as I have learnt a secret—she goes with me." "Never, villain, never," indignantly exclaimed Helen. "We shall see," was all Roper's reply. Jack looked from one to the other with some bewilder- ment, at length he said "You're a tidy looking piece of goods that don't look as if you meant anything dirty— Tell me what game brought you here?" "I came" was Helen's reponse " to avenge the death of my father by apprehending his murderer." "Was your father the bloke that was settled last night?" "It was he." "Then you're a game 'un—Quart Pot take the girl with you," then to Roper "I consider my life worth more than the darkeys—and a woman ain't neither here nor there—so I'll throw in the blowen and cry quits with old Quart Pot." "That girl shall never leave me"—Roper shouted enraged—then as Jack held him "I tell you that she will be worth thousands to me." "If she were worth millions, it would be useless, the traps are too close at your heels—Well then, if argument wont do, strength must!" and as he spake he raised the bulky frame of Roper from the ground, and threw him across the pommel of his saddle. "Now, boys, speel a whack, we'll meet at the Rocky Water Holes at sundown." So saying, he gave spurs to his horse, who, notwith- standing his double burden, soon bore them out of sight —the other ruffians had prepared everything for departure, and lost no time in dispersing in various directions: and Helen and the black having started off together on the first hint from Opossum Jack were already at some distance from the spot. The station was thus left lonely and deserted. (To be continued.) 