VALEDICTORY SERVICE.. A vert interesting service was held st Carr's lane Chapel, Birmingham, on Wednesday, the 11th June, in'connection'with the departure of the Rev, William Cuthbertson, B.\, late, of West Bromwich, for Sydney, New South Wales, to succeed the Rev. Dr. Ross as pastor of the Congregational Church at Pitt-street. The Rev. Professor Darker, of Spring Hill College, jread a portion of Scripture, and implored the Divine blessing» 'lue Rev. Thomas Jamet., as the Secretary of the Colonial Missionaiy Sneiety, spoke at some length of the early history of the colony and its present growing importance ; he bore honomable testimony to thá valuable services of the Rev. Dr. Boss, and showed that there was everything to encourage the new pastor. Mr. George A. Lloyd (who was introduced by the Rev. J. Angelí James as a member of the Church at Sydney, and one of the Committee appointed to select a pastor) acknowledged the obligations under which tbo Pitt-street Church was laid to the Colonial Mis- sionary Society for having influenced the movement of Dr. Ross to Australia, and to Kidderminster for having parted with him. He read a letter from one of the Deacons, expressive of the Church's deep anxiety that a faithful Minister might soon arrive amongst them. Mr. L. concluded with a glowing description of the earnestness and affection of the members of the Church, and the cordiality with which he felt assured they would receive their new The Rev. Mr. Cuthbertson alluded to the consolatory nature of such a meeting to himself, eui rounded as he was by such men as the Rev. J. A. James and Rev, Samuel Martin; some of his late fellow-students, now pastors of important churches ; many of the members of his late church and congregation, a* well as the Mends of Carr's-lane, whose presence testified to their esteem. Mr. C. said that he did not leave bia native land a disappointed man, but could look with feelings of holy joy and gratitude to the success that had attended his ministry. He did not leave because he ceased to regard as important the sphere in which he had laboured, but because the claims of Auftralia seemed to him paramount. He adverted to the claims that Australia had on ministors of English churches, and referred to the high position which it was evident Australia was destined to occupy, and the immense influence it would in all probability exercise both upon Cliiua and India. Tho present time specially required Nonconformists to bring out prominently their principles in Australia. He remarked that the floriona Pilgrim Fathers, when they landed upon 'lyroouth Rock, were all but ignorant of the ten- dencies of the mighty principles they were bringing into operation, and altogether so of the results upon the world of the colony they then established. British Christians, on the contrary, had had the benefit of studyiug the religious and civil policy of the Western World for their guidance-a Bancroft bad sketched the hirth and growth of the United States, and blind must they be ft as a united Church they were not impressed with the responsibility God bad placed upon them of holding forth the principles of religious freedom. Mr. Cuthbertson further said, 'the great work was to preach the Gospel pot only for the sake of the great land itself, but in consequence oflts influence upon the adjacent islands and conti- nent.- Ha desired to live in friendship with the ministers of all denominations in Sydney, and trusted that under his pastorate Pitt-street Chapel would still maintain ¡to high position in the colony. Mr. Cuthbertson said he knew the difficulty of succeeding such aman as Dr. Ross, but hoped that that excel-, lent man would affoid him his kind counsel, and the Christisn friends at Pitt-street aid him with their sympathies and prayers. In conclusion, Mr. Cuth- bertson spoke of what appeared to him the probable future of Australia, and trusted that in after times, even his name might be enrolled among those of whom ft could be said, that under the blessing of God, they hsd so influenced the inhabitants of the land of gold.that they had been led to love the statutes of God more than Gold-yea, and to desire tbem more than fine gold. , The Rev. John Angdl James offered, tbe .dedicatory ,prayerwitb his usual fervour and appropriateness; after which be took Mr. Cuthbertson by the. band, and ,in the most affectionate'fatherly "spirit spoke as follows :-" My beloved brother,-May these petitions be fully answered so far as they might conduce to ' your prosperity. I rejoice in the Church to which you are going, anil the 'honoured man you are called to succeed, I have known your history for many years, and have watched your progress from step to step. You have consulted me in days gone by, and have been influenced in this decision by my advice. We are now about to part, never to meet again till we meet around the great white throne. May the richest t blessing of Almighty God be ever with you. I can _ not expect to be long here, as the days of my years are numbered, but when the tongue that now addresses you is silent in the grave, may yours be 'eloquent and earnest iu the service of bur Greet Master." ' The Rev. Samuel Martin concluded the proceedings of the service by an eloquent and touching address to Mr. Cuthbertson, founded on the 2nd Corinthians, 13th chapter 24th verse.-" The communion of the Holy Ghost be with you." The service throughout was deeply interesting, and will not easily be forgotten in Birmingham.-British Banntr. 