VICTORIA THEATRE-HAMLET. HAMLET is " before all possible futures". It is impossi- ble to suppose that the majority, or any fair proportion of mankind, will in epigram, philosophy, or imagination, over measure heights with tho Prince of Denmark. The glimpses of the high and solemn things pertaining to our being; the rich communion with thought; the majesty of woe ; tho abstraction from tho meagre and earthly; which are distinguishing marks of the tragedy, with the indefinable and irregular circumstances of the story itself-have invested the play with a sublimity akin to that which still burns around the masterpieces of Sophocles and Eschylus. This grandeur, too, is increased by the incompreh- sibleness and mysteriousness of thre drama. Tho genius of the poem is veiled. We cannot understand Hamlet's cruelty to Ophelia; we are uncertain whether we ought, or ought not, to take his madness as a joke as Johnson did ; we are indignant that he delays the vengeance which, we feel, must-despite the absence of Nemesis in the play-sooner or later fall upon the King; and we cannot understand why the piercing intellect of the young Prince-an intellect which traces the lofty heart of Alexander to a "bung-hole"-is continually subjected to the more impalpable and spiritual part of his nature. Garrick thought, too, the catastrophe of the drama might have boon improved, if only the more vicious of the dramatic persona had suffered. But this was the criticism of the green room, and the opinion of an actor blinded by histrionic tradition and the ordinary misery prologue marriage epilogue description of plot too long current on the stage. Shakespeare knew that in the game of life, black some- times wins as well as white ; and now and then -as in the case of Hamlet-that both fail and the game becomes drawn. To rightly appreciate a play so peculiarly constructed, requires tho most exquisite critical ability. We never know a performer who .did not consider the melancholy Prince his best character; but with the exception of the truly great actor, Macready and we do not use the word Actor in tho sense in which it is so recklessly bandied in these days-we never, in our time,, saw the conception of tho groat dramatist thoroughly realized. We have had-for tho last ten years at all events-but one great Hamlet. There have, however been scores who may be respectively classified as good, bad, and indifferent. The "good: are those who imitate Macready best; the indifferent those who approach nearest the imitators ! and the bad, those who having no mimetic power to imitate any one, are, at tho same time, lacking in power of originality and grasp of conception. Mr. Stark makes tho best " good" Hamlet we have seen for some time. It is, indeed, in all the essential respects, a fine impersonation, but it wants the ripeness and mellowness which were, so to speak, indogenous growing from within outwards-to Macready's perform- ance Tho prince seems " made"-not *' born." We miss the royal graciousness of demeanour which crowned every action, and have Perkin Warbeck kind of prince rather than a "royal Dane". In detached situations, however, Mr. Stark approached to the very verge of the grand. In tho Ghost scene he was rapt, dignified and terrible The direction to the players was well and evenly spoken ; and all through, his bye play was as sober as it ans excellont. He was on several oc- casions enthusiastically applauded. Mr. Holloway's Ghost was a subdued and fine per- formance, The other male diameters, with tho excep- tion of the King, who was somewhat moutbey-and cer- tainly not at all kingly-were well given. The Gertrude of Mrs. Stark was well read, and most impressively acted throughout. We were, indeed, par- ticularly pleased with the performance, which, while stately from first to last, was not the coarse conception of a guilty woman, which has so long been accepted on the stage. Mrs. Guerin's Ophelia was a graceful and beautiful idealisation. The house was well attended 