BRITISH AND FOREIGN GLEANINGS. | Amicable Relation's ' wrra_ RcsslaI— During the recent voyage of the Ward Jackson screw steamer to the great maritime capital of Russia, her captain became'the hero of an adventure not unworthy of record. A boat carrying two officers"put off frotn the ship of a Russian admiral at Cronstadt, and boarded the merchant steamer. The captain (Wea-., theriy) showed lus gallant visitors the respect due to their rank, invited them to his cabin, and, before they left'him, entertained them with the good English Care with which all the vessels of the West Hartlepool line are so ex cellently supplied. Nor were the Russian officers to be outdone in courtesy by the hearty British tar, as the sequel discovered. Captain Weatherly and his officers were invited to re turn the visit of their newly-acquired naval friends, and did so. Several of the Russian officers spoke English fluently; mutual con gratulations on the advent of peace and mutual good wishes on the prospects of the hopeful future were exchanged ; and the entente cor diale was most cordially and joyously ce mented. The parting incident in this* very pleasing intercourse in the Baltic, however, remains to be t)ld. In the course of con versation, one of the Russian officers, who had inspected the Ward Jackson, expressed his surprise at the number of guns and large quantity of powder she had on board, and asked for an explanation of the circumstances. Captain Wcatkcrley, having no plot to con ceal, gave the only answer of which the ques tion admitted. " The powder ? Oh, to salute our friends to be sure." " Then," responded the Russian officer, recollecting that they had not been saluted, " are not the Russians friends?" "Ay, friends, indeed," replied the captain, "but (seriously) you know it would be quite an insult for a merchantman to fire a salute before an admiral's ship." And so it would. The Russian officer knew that in naval etiquette such a perpetration is unheard of; but he was not to be overdone in civilty. Instead of a confirmation of his view of the case, Captain Weatkerley received a gentle hint that a salute would be considered the reverse of uneomplimentaiy. This was the evening before he had to retnrn ; and next morning, in putting out of the Mole, his crew, being like his ship, in excellent trim, he boldly fired an admiral's salute, and raised the Russian colours to the fore. This was immediately followed by the hoisting of the British ensign by the Russian admiral, and with still louder ord nance, the full and handsome reciprocation of the auspicious compliment. OjIDNANCE ExrEJJIMENTS ON Metazs in the United States.—A comprehensive work on this subject has been published in Philadel phia, by the authority of the Secretary of War. In order to ascertain the strength and proper ties of metals used for cannon, the Government of the United States ordered that an examina tion should be instituted by the officers of the Ordnance Department. They were empowered to study the several methods pursued at the hest foundries in Europe, and a comparative trial of pattern guns turned out at several of them with the like cast in the States confirmed their opinion as to the necessity of investigating the nature of iron ore, and its proper treatment before it could be used with safety for guns, and especially for those of weights suitable for field service. It was found that cast-iron was the best present resource for lieavy sea-coast, siege, and garrison cannon, but for the lighter field pieces it was resolved to adopt bronze, as a material not liable to burst into fragments. A test was devised, and all guns that were doubt ful or bad were reserved from issue, and at the foundries the superintending officer was di rected to ascertain the qualities of cast-iron and bronze, to test the ores and guns in every stage to completion, to provide proper tests and processes for general use, and means and machines for applying them. The expe riments extended over the years 1844 to 1855, and elaborate and luminous details, illustrated by diagrams, accompany the Teport of each officer. Not only are the practical results given, bat there is added a mineralogieal description of the several ores employed, as well as analyses of their chemical properties. At the same time, the various fluxes are treated of, the constituents of cast-iron given, and although the influence of its associates are yet undecided, yet we are in formed a considerable proportion of manganese is said to impart a large, lamellar, and brilliant fracture, and some degree of brittleness ; phos phorus is supposed to render iron "cold short," and sulphur " hot short." The proportion of " total carbon" seems to prove nothing in re gard to its influence upon the quality of the metal, though it is imagined that further exa mination may probably show the reverse. It was found the allotropic carbon increased in the third-class guns, while the combined carbon decreased, and the contrary was to be observed in those of tiic first-class. Comparative tables are published of the different effects produced upon the metal by the hot and cold blast. Some interesting accounts are given of the several chemical properties of slag, silicium, calcium, magnesium, sodium, potassium, cobalt, nickel, iron, manganese, aluminium, cop per, phosphorus, tin, titanium, antimony, and sul phur. Nitrogen in cast-iron having recently been determined was not searched. The pre sence of oxygen is doubted as an ingredient of recently-made metal, except in the minute por tions of slag accidentally remaining in it, and which sometimes contain a silicate of the oxide of iron. Aridium, which is said to have been found in some Swedish ores, was not observed in the examinations. The report states that it is the policy of Government to prepare for war in time of peace. The enquiry into what may constitute the safest materials for the ma nufacture of its military arms is one of the most important that can be undertaken; not only is this enquiry applicable to iron for warlike, but likewise peaceable pur poses. The strongest argument in favour of sueli an investigation is its own importance and prospective advantages, for the manufacture of iron is the basis and index; of modern civi lization, and every effort tending to improve it is a matter of general welfare. Economy is a small consideration as compared with the objects to be attained; and as the undertaking is beyond private means, the Government- should be the purse- bearer, since it lias such a direct interest from the results in the perfection of its own armament. The reports are of great inte rest to all connected with artillery and the founding of cannon, as well as those concerned in the manufacture of iron generally. It is to be regretted that the British Government did not in this country pursue a like train of experi ments ; had suoh been the case, in all proba bility we should have been better prepared in the late struggle. It must be remembered how a false economy had left us so unprovided, that at the commencement of the war our own artilllery was in an inefficient state; «nd if it had not been for private enterprise, our public establishments would have found great diffi culties in obtaining the requisite supplies. The lessons of the past will not, however, it is to be hoped, be neglected in the future; and in this instance our transatlantic consins have followed their favourite maxim of " going-ahead" over the old country.—Mining Journal. Dramatic Readings by a ColoheeB Na tive of Philadelphia.—The great hall of Stafford-House was on Monday last the scene of an event which would hare caused conside rable astonishment to aqy gentleman of the Southern States of America who might have happened to be present. A large audience was gathered together in that hall—one of the most magnificent in London—to listen to a lady of colour giving dramatic readings. The Duchess of Sutherland had devoted her mansion, for the time, to the service of Mrs. F. Webb, and our Southerner would have been confounded and disgusted at the sight of what he would call a " tarnation nigger" being listened to with the most respectful attention by no inconside rable number of the aristocracy of England. However, Mrs. Webb is not a "nigger," She is the daughter indeed of a woman of .full African blood; but her father was a Euro pean. Her colour is a rich olive, and her features are remarkably delicate and expressive. Her mother, after three efforts, succeeded in making her escape from Virginia to Massa chusetts Just three weeks before the daughter's birth. The daughter was brought up for some time in luxuiy, but hard times succeeded, and the indomitable negro-mother had to work in cessantly that her daughter might complete the education begun under happier circumstances. After events showed the wisdom of her deter mination. Her daughter married Mr. Webb, a tradesman of Philadelphia, in good circum stances. On his failure Mrs. Webb resolved to devote her talents to practical account; and, aft® -talons lessons in elocution, delivered dra matic readings with great success before Ame rican audiences. - She is accredited to the Duchess -of Sutherland by Mrs. Stowe, who has dramatised her own novel of " IJncle Tom's Cabin" for Mrs. Webb's especial benefit. During the first portion of the readings on Monday there was not much to strike the ob server. All that could be said was that.Mrs. Webb had a remarkably sweet and flerible voice, apparently without much power; that Bhe displayed considerable feeling in the ren dering of particular passages; aud that she was careful on the side of restraint rather than exuberance. There was nothing to excite the sympathies of the ■ hearer very violently; and, -had the readings terminated here, the reader would have made a pleasant impres sion and no more. ""IM-the seoond part, haif ever, Mjb. Webb showed that she posses aeT ; Considerable and; r ratherpeculiar drainage i' power. With very little gesticulation, and <uimp% < by judicious modulations of the voice,- com-J bined with earnest andeffectivedelivery, she gave great effect to the last _dart, powerful scenes of the drama. The manner in which Cassy's story was told was especially pathetic; and although from its length it threatened to be tedious, the attention of the audience seldom flagged.' ;But Mrs. Webb was most successful in the -cha racter of Tom himself. The hoarae negro voice, the solemn tones—-those of a man living in a world which seems to be a perpetual con tradiction to the laws of that God in whom he Srmly believes—were vary striking. The piefy, the resignation, the humility, and, at the same time, the confidence of Tom's character, was brought out fully. The singiDg of the hymns was remarkably effective. The pe culiar negro intonation, the struggle after correctness of melody, the solemn meaning which the singer threw into the words, gave great prominence to tliis portion of the readings. It was a mixture of solemnity and pathos quite indescribable; and it was evident that Mrs. Webb had, in the latter part of the entertainment, regained a portion of that confidence which she had lost at the commence ment. She was heartily applauded. We understand that she has produced a great sensation in America by reading portions of " Hiawatha," dressed in Indian costume. We can easily imagine that the peculiarity of her delivery would be well adapted to that curious poem. It is unlucky for Mrs. Webb that she has visited London just as " all the world," that is to say, the small fraction of London which is the peculiar patron of entertainments of this kind, is absent, or going to be absent. Nevertheless, we trust that there will be enough friends of the dark races left in London to carry out to a successful termination the attempt which the Duchess of Sutherland has so kindly and powerfully assisted.—Illustrated London Hews, August 2. THE CoitiTAXTDEE-IX'-CHIEF OF THE BeITISH Abitt. — Field-Marshal Viscount Hardinge having resigned this high command, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge has been ap pointed to succeed him. The following general order, dated Horse Guards, Jnly 15, 1S56, has been issued:—"Field-Marslial Viscount Har dinge having been compelled by the stale of his health to tender to the Queen his resigna tion of the command of the army, which Her Majesty has been graciously pleased to accept, desires to record his deep sense of the conduct of the troops, and the obligations lie is under to the general and other officers for their uniform support while he has had the honour and happiness to be at their head. On assuming the command of the army—suc ceeding, as lie did, the greatest commander which this country has produced—Yiscount Hardinge felt the weight of the duty which, by Her Majesty's favour, was entrusted to him*; but be confidently relied on the zealous exer tions of its officers to maintain it in that high state of discipline and efficiency for which it had ever been distinguished. A period of war ensued, and it was then seen how fully this confidence was justified. After a long peace, a British army toot the field, unsurpassed in any of the qualities required of soldiers. Under a leader whose loss has been deplored by the Sovereign, the army, and the country, a series of victories was achieved which shed an additional lustre on the British arms. The instructions for the conduct of the war, and Her Majesty's thanks to the troops during its operations, have been, according to in variable custom, conveyed to the army in the field by Her Majesty's Secretary of State for War, Her Majesty's sentiments have on all these occasions been expressed with great force and truth; but Lord Hardinge cannot on this occasion deny himself the satisfaction of re cording his conviction that at no former period of the miliary history of this country has the devoted conduct of the troops been surpassed. Their soldier-like qualities stood the test of a siege carried on through a rigorous winter, and for 13 months of open trenches. The valour and perseverance of that gallant army and of its brave allies were at length rewarded by the capture of the enemy's fortress, and the at tainment of an honourable peace. While the Field-Marshal records his admiration of the eonduct of the troops who took part in that great achievement, he desires to convey to the army at large his thanks for their zealous obe dience and devotion, and to express the regret with which he separates himself from them. Yiscount Hardinge can only add the expression of his sincere gratification that the command of the army is, by Her Majesty's pleasure, about to be assumed by General his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, E.G., G.C.B., the illustrious prince whose name is associated with some of the most splendid triumphs of the war just concluded, and whose devotion to the interests of the service is so well known." The following general order was issued on the subsequent day, July 16:—" In obedience to the gracious order of Her Majesty, General His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge assumes the command of the army, which has been confided to him by Her Majesty's favour, on the resignation of Field-Marshal Viscount Hardinge. His Royal Highness feels it no easy task to undertake the responsibilities of so honourable and arduous a post as the successor of that distinguished General who has found himself compelled to retire from it by the state of his health, and who again was preceded by tliat illustrious chief whose name will ever continue to be the glory of the British army and the British nation; but lie has the strongest reliauce on the support of the general officers with whom he will be associated, and on the army at large; and in tliis reliance he enters confidently on the noble trust which now devolves upon him. His Royal Highness has had the advantage, as a general officer in command of a division, under the orders of his lamented and gallant friend the late Field Marshal Lord Raglan, of becoming to some extent personally acquainted with the heroic deeds of the army in the recent arduous contest, now so fortunately brought to a successful end. He knows of what excellent materials the troops are composed, both as to officers and men. It will be his anxious endeavour to maintain, the army in the high state of effi ciency in which it lias been left to him by liis distinguished predecessor, and he doubts not that the army itself will be mainly instru mental in enabling him to carry out this most anxious wish, of his heart. By order of His Royal Highness the General Commanding-in Chief, G. A. Wetherael, Adjutant-General." His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, the new Commander-in-Chief, was born at Hanover, on the 29th March, 1819, and is con sequently in his 3Sth year. He succeeded to his father's title on the 8th of J uly, 1840. He early evinced a passion for the military service, : and all the attempts that were made to divert his mind to other pursuits proved fruitless. He entered the army while yet a boy, and at 18 years of age we find him a Colonel in the Scots Fusiiier Guards—a command which he holds to this day. The late Duke of Wellington fre quently expressed a very favourable opinion of his aptitude for military studies. Before joining the Crimean army, His Royal Highness passed some time in militaiy service in the Mediter ranean. He also for two years held a high position connected with the army in Ireland, where His Royal Highness made many friends. He has travelled a good deal in Europe, and is familiar with the militaiy organization and systems of discipline of Prussia, France, and other States. His Royal Highness is Grand Master and principal Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St. Michael and St. George, a E.G., a Knight of the Order of St. Patrick, and a Grand Cross of Hanover. His Royal Highness was created a Major-General in the army on May 7, 181-5, and Lieutenant-General on June 19, 1851. He is Chief Ranger of St. James's and Hyde Parks. His Royal High ness receives an annuity from the country of £12,000 per aunum, about £800 per annum from the office of Chief Ranger, and his salaiy as Commander-in-Chief will be about £5,000 per annum. The Leeds Poisoning Case.—The trial of William Dove for the murder of his wife by strychnine commenced at York on the 16th July, before Mr. Baron Bramwell. The High Sheriff had made precautionary arrangements to guard against the expected crowd, by causing barriers to be erected at the entrance to the Court, and a strong body of police to be in attendance, in addition to the ordinary javelin men. On being placed at the bar, Dove pleaded " Not guilty," in a firm and collected tone of voice. In appearance (says one account) he is a young man about 30 years of age, respectably dressed and intelligent-looking, without any thing remarkable about him to attract observa tion. Another reporter states that he has a twitching of the eyelids, which gives a sinister expression to his face. Throughout the day he appeared perfectly collected and self possessed, and occasionally looked indifferent. Mr. Overend, Q.C., Mr. Hardy, and Mr. L. H. Bayley, appeared for the prosecution; and Mr. Bliss, Q.C., Mr. Serjeant Wilkins, Mr. Hall, and Mr. Middleton, were for the prisoner. The chief testimony with respect to motive had reference to the prisoner's drunken habits, his violence to his wife, who upbraided him for his intemperance, and his threatening to "do her job for her" if she did not "mind her own business." A suspicious fact- came out with respeot to. tfte obtaining of pbqpa. Two or thwe-^ajte ®rfc Do^»'--death, Mr. - ;M»lej^*%r^in^Mn^i^of tbe-ante-room to ' ^tluSatS^a^jSnd jhsB ,pljetiifj£;SQsA.going into the shrgeiyS' 'AVtlut* liirie"there was- no one in the surgery; and after he had,watered his horses, the.groom sawthegas at full height in-the .surgwy.- <He then' went into the- sur gery, and found -Mr. Dove with- the gas -up, putting it down, and looking reiy much flurried.-'- He' said, "T-haveeome to light my .pipe:" He was there '20 minutes alon6, andhekttew where the poison was. One of two other additional facts were brought for ward ; as that, 'during his wife's illness, he ostentatiously asked some of-his friends if they had not noticed that he was obliged to quit the sick-room, overcome by grief On the night of the death, he told a Mr. Young, a confectioner, that his wife was gone, and that he wished he could weep, ho was so excited; adding, " Oh, that last look of bars, how it haunts me!" After that he went to a public-house, got two glasses of brandy-aud-water, and said his wife was dead, and the doctors had told him she could not live, which was not true. The object of the cross-examination was to show that Dove was under the influence of delirium tremens, aud insane, and that he fancied himself haunted by fiends, and talked of having bartered his soul to the devil. The case for the prosecution closed on July 17; and on the following morn ing Mr. Bliss addressed the Court for the de feuce. His speech occupied five hours and a half in deliveiy, and was not so much occupied with the facts of the case as with a variety of facts in the life of the prisoner, tending to show that he had long been of unsound mind. This view was supported by referenoe to the interpretations laid down in the works of medical men as to what it wag that constituted insanity. A number of witnesses were then examined who had known the prisoner at different periods tlirough his life. They all deposed to circum stances which went to show that he was weak, silly, and irresponsible, and they all declared their belief that he was insane. The Court adjourned at a late hour. On the resumption of the trial on the following morning, 19th July, the Court-House, as upon every former day, was densely crowded. The demeanour of the prisoner remained unaltered. He still pre served the most perfect coolness and self-com mand. He was dressed in a new suit of black, aud appeared either unconcerned at his awful position or unconscious of it. Several witnesses were examined to the sameeffect asthosewho had given their testimony on the day before.! Mr. Thornton, a schoolmaster, who had known the prisoner since 1852, deposed to the fact that his conversation had always been wild and in coherent ; that he could not speak rationally for more than a minute or two; that he was afraid of ghosts and goblins; that he employed a wizard to charm his landlord's steward, so that he might leave him in possession of his £irm, &e.; and mentioned several strange and eccentric things. Dr. Caleb Williams, the medical attendant of the Retreat at York; Mr. Kitchen, one of the superintendents of the Retreat; and Dr. Smith, the proprietor of a lunatic asylum, testified to their belief that the prisoner was of unsound mind—a conclusion to which they were led by the facts elicited at the trial, and by personal examination of the prisoner. This evidence closed the case for the defence, upon which Mr. Overend replied at great length, contending that the delenee of insanity was merely an after- thought; that the prisoner had always been vicious and cruel, which was no proof in itself of in sauity; and that if a criminal who had com mitted so cold-blooded a murder were allowed to escape on such grounds, no hearth in the kingdom would be safe from poison, Mr, Baron Bramwell commenced summing up the evidence at 4 o'clock. Bjb charge to the Jury occupied six hours. At 10 o'clock the Jury retired, and after an absence of 35 minutes returned into Court-. The foreman announced that the Jury had found the prisoner guilty, but recommended him to mercy on the ground of his possessing a defective intellect. Baron Bramwell then passed sentence of death in the usual form. The execution of the sentence will depend in a great measure upon the opinion which may be expressed by His Lordship upon forwarding to the Home Secretary the recom mendation of the Jury. Another Poisoning Case.—A tradesman named McMulien, at Bolton-le-Moors, has been poisoned by his wife. He was taken ill a fort night ago, and died last week. The medical attendants suspected poison. The wife was ar rested, and admitted that she had given her husband a dose of a powder called " quietness," sold by a chemist, and warranted to cure hus bands of vicious habits. The powder con tained five grains of tartarized antimony and 15 of cream of tartar. The chemist admits the sale. A joint life policy of £100 is said to have been lately effected by McMulien. Russian Ambassadors.—The Pays says:— " Our private information enables us to con sider the following nominations as certain:— Russian Ambassador at Paris, General Count Eissele^ Minister of the Domains; Russian Minister at London, Count de Chreptowich; Russian Minister at Constantinople, M. de Boutenieff." Australian Contribution to the Patri otic Fund.—-On July 16, Mr. C. Kemp, one of the secretaries of the Patriotic Fund of New South Wales, had an interview with the Execu tive Committee of the Patriotic Commission, for the purpose of handing in a draft of £25,000, mating, with previous remittances, a total con tribution from the colony of New South Wales of £65,000. Mr. Kemp explained to the Com mittee that previous to the issue of the royal commission a commencement had been made to raise a fund for the relief of the sufferers by the war, upwards of £4,000 having been col lected in churches and chapels on the day set apart for fasting and humiliation on account of' the war. When the Commission was received by the Governor-General, a public meeting was held, at which His Excellency presided, when the subscription-list was headed by Mr. Daniel Cooper with a donation of £1,000, with an ad ditional £500, and the matter was warmly taken up in all the districts in the colony, and the result was the large amount transmitted to the Commissioners. Lord Colchester expressed the thanks of the Commissioners for the very handsome sum thus contributed for the objects of the Commission. Constables foe Australia.—Information has been forwarded to the various metropolitan police-stations, setting forth that several con stables are required for service in Western Aus tralia. They are to be ranked as corporals of police, at a salary of £110 per annum, with an increase of £5 per year till it reaches £140; if promoted to rank of sergeant by good conduct, they will at once be rated at £140. A free pas sage, and every facility for wives and families, will be afforded. Half-pay to commence from time of embarkation.—Some News. Prince Albeet an Australian Peo peeetob.—It is stated that Prince Albert has bought an enormous tract of land in Australia, which in about twenty years will return about j one thousand times as'much as all the Saxes, Coburg and Gotha, in Germany put together, i Now, there is a principle in all this, whether or not it be true that the Marquis of Westminster advances portions of the purchase-money, j When William the Fourth, for himself and j successors,, made the bargain with Parliament that he should have so much a year in conside ration of Ms giving up all the crown lands, it was distinctly intended that the sovereigns should for ever cease to be landholders. But here the Crown is recommencing its functions as estated proprietor. The Q.ueen bought Osborne. The Prince bought Balmoral; and has bought a province in Australia, and will go on buying, for the sake of the little royalties. —Journal. The European Commission of Engineers, as sembled in Paris to discuss the details of the plan for cutting across the Isthmus of Suez, have adopted the principle of a direct cutting from Sue? to the Mediterranean, at Pelusium, across the Bitter Lakes, The canal will be fed with sea water. Letters from St. Petersburg state the Russian Government is actively occupied in reforming the finances of the empire, revising the tariff, and reorganizing the army and navy. Militaty colonies are to be further extended on the Asiatic frontier, and a cordon of Cossacks will be established from Siberia to the Danube. The sinking of the cable, wMch is to com plete the telegrapMc communication between France and Algeria, has been commenced. According to a Milan newspaper, the Rev. Father Seccbi, Director of the Observatory of Rome, has succeeded in taking photographs of the moon, and amongst them one in whioh the month of the volcano of Copernicus is distinctly represented. Irish Pooe Law Statistics.—The Irish Poor Law Commissioners have published their annual report, dated the 1st of May, 1856. The fluctuations in the number of the inmates of workhouses during the 52 weeks ending the 19th of April last ranges from 84,465 to 56,518. The total expenditure -during the year was £635,259 against .£760,155 in 1854, thus ex hibiting a decrease of £74,193, or 10 per cent. The number of persons relieved in-doors was 269,794, and out of doors, 35,432. . The sum expended in emigration by guardians last year was only . £66,859, and the number assisted to emigrate is returned as 830,—\pfte Prcw, Tm assoilzie Sura Tguxs.—A ktter cm^Smpip of the 3$% OpJune saw!1®# ,vC^tnBy*to the pnltoc ^nBuncement£;tli4 were raeu^e^^'jesterday.p Jn companion1 with the preceding days the pro ceedings did not offer much interest; they con sisted in the examination of different witnesses, called bj the PoblwjMipisteiy. and all of whom retracteddEeir aofeusatiotiii.' '%Airiohg 'them was a certain Greyo, whohad been confined at the Bagno di Procidti fer political offences in 1848 —a man ^ad^ct^ to eyBry Tice, and against whom before .1348 ihere were no less than 30 charges lor mimessmd-offences. This man stated in .Court that the Proeureur-General of the King had-him brought in the month of July, 1855, from -Procida to -Naples, when, contrary to the regulations, he was thrown into a dark and damp cell, occupied by a criminal under sentence of death. Having been kept there two days without food, he was called to the presence of the Proeureur-General, who promised him a mitigation of punishment, and even his liberty, if he would reveal any facts against the political prisoners. Grevo did as he was bid. Yesterday he retracted everything, saying that despair and hunger, and the hope of better days, combined with a feeling of re venge against some of the political prisoners, who, knowing his previous history, and that he had been a spy,had threatened to strike him if he ' approached them, had induced him to accuse his fellow- prisoners of acts which they never committed. In the course of the examination he declared that at the Bagno di Procida there were criminals of so . deep a dye that for the sum of 20f. they would take a man's life. Speaking of the governor of the prison, he said that one day he ordered 82 of the prisoners to be flogged simply because they were without irons. The sitting of the Court terminated at an early hour. It is not known when the Court holds its next sitting; it is said that the day is not previously announced to avoid too great a crowd of spectators, the number of the audience increasing on each day's triaL The King has not yet accepted the resignation of M. Bianchini. His Majesty does not look j upon him. with a very favourable eye, but under present circumstances he does not deem it prudent to have recourse to men of the Mazza stamp. M. Bianchini does not profess liberal opinions in the true acceptance of the word, but he is a just and -upright man, and an enemy of that underhand system of police which flourished under Mazza." Pbofessob Owen.—Professor Owen, P.R.S., who for nearly 30 years has been connected with the Royal College of Surgeons as con servator of the Hunterian Museum and Pro fessor of Comparative Anatomy, has just resigned his appointments to enter on his duties at the British Museum as Superintendent of the Natural History Department. 