ADX'I. UDE AYD GAWLER RAILWAY. I I'rur.lG MEETING AT GAWLEK TOWN. Ap .- :'! meeting was held on Thursday afternoon, at the 0 <1 tvrirool-house, Gawler Town, for the purpore of petitioning His Excellency nnd the Legislative Council for the tiv' uj-ion of the above railway to Gawler Town. Mr. IT. j>. 3 J array, Stipendiary Magistrate, had been cspectc l io preside, but he was prevented doing so by indisp js.ti >», and Mr. Jobs Beid was called to the chair. The tcoi:' was well filled, most of those present being highly rji. j - claWe inhabitants of the town and its imme diate iv..vii»ourhood. The Cn.Liisiiuf commenced the basiness of the day by rcl'orriii^ to the advertisement convening the meet iner, a:i«l ■•earing tlie following signatures:—James Martin, Henry D. Murray, AVilliam Square, James Harris, Johu ltudall, Fred. F. Turner, David Hahony, Wiliium L'.irk«T, aud George Warren. Mr. Un'h-11, the Acting Secretary, read letters from Messrs. Blyth, M.L.C., G. F. Aogas, M.L.C., W. Tounfc"h-!-..);uj'.I, Ai.L.C., Captain Eodda, and Mr.S^phcn King.".!. r.« expressing their concurrence in the objects of the iiK-rtiii'j-, hat excusing their absence upon various grounds. Dr. M Auoirr rose to move the firstresolution. It was one v.oaid speak plainly for itself to all who could undcrpciu.l the difference between right and wrong:— "Th il tl.c principle invariably adopted by railway compiler England of affording the greatest accom modation tu the greatest number of people, a6 seen by the dc\ia< u;;is of their lines to take in large towns, although at considerably additional expens*, is ouo which 1 the invrenv-d traffic justifies, and is equally applicable to the ehnmvtsnces of this colony." It vrae < vriauily more desirable to take a railway into a populousu-v.u than into a sandy desert. It would no doubt i-iy t etter in that way, and the principle was acknowi .^^d in all European railways. He saw no ben en i i.i taking a railway into barren places. Mr. Hamilton proposed taking the terminus to Mr. Bassc'.tV, about a miie off. That was in effect ir«. ring the very existence of Gawler Town, ?vni throwing the value oi property there down to a discount. There were no engineering diffiiMiiite" in going through Gawler Town, which in ■deed w;^ recommended by Mr. Babbagc as the best line Thrrv *vcrc many persons living there who had invested their uwney upon the faith of its being upon the main line, ?.v.<l vha.t was the understanding when the survey was originally taken. The evidence befbre the Committee of Council all went to show that the newly proposed line was beset with engineering difficulties, ana he was con vinced, lrom the opinions expressed by numerous com petent men, that the easiest Jine to the north was by I that recommended by Mr. Babbage. Most or the trade i from uv: norili, the north-west, and the north-east must ' come through Gawler Town; why, then, should the termimu b? outride the town ? Even in an economical point of view, the cost of a bridge would sot be greater than thtr of forming a road to the point outside the town iiuggrstrd for the terminus. The only engineer in favour of that line was Mr. Hamilton. . Three engineers were against him. Mr. O'Hara spoke strongly, on the sub.ieV,; Mr. Warrm's opinion was equally decided; and, he saw no reason why the single opinion of Mr. Hamillvn should outweigh the others. Every one who knew the position of Gawler Towh knew that through it must tne the traffic from the north, north-east, and north-west. Mr. Tujj:iEB,of the firm of Dnffield & Turner, seconded the n:c!l''n. He saw no substantial reason given for not bringing the railway into Gawler Town. His own opinion wa> that it ought to bo brought there. Gawler Town had always been considered the key of the north, and the diversion of the terminus would be mi act of great injustice. In England Hie utmost was done for the convenience of large towns, and he did not think, if a atron? protest were made by the parties interested, that n dhKrcat principle would be pcraisted in here. The motion was put and carried unanimously. Mr. Wn,x.uu£ Jacob, J.P., moved the second reso lution— "That in tile opinion of this meeting the northern terminus of the Adelaide and Gawler Town Railway should he in Gawler Town, and, after having considered the evidence given before the Committee appointed by the Legis'arivc Council, is not aware of any valid reason having been advanced against it." He w is glad to see Mr. Bcid in the chair, and should aUo fa-.o icon glad to have seen Mr. Murray there, as tliey lia l been the gentlemen deputed by several others, \i~l.p. -'niiltiv interested with them tji t-ito ttin who were jointly interested with them, to take the Gawler Survey, when it was rciectcd by the Sonth Aus tralian Company. The township waslaid out by Colonel Light, cuv first Snrveyor-tlcncral, and it fad been planned, for the convenience of trade, on the low grounds. It fad been reported in Adelaide that it was sometimes flooded; that was not the case. The Biver Gawler never did and never could overflow its bankc. (Cheers.) There were no engineering dif cnltici in carrying the railway through Gawler Town, though the Government had always been inclined to neglect that part of the country, and would Koner think of carrying a railway to the Murray over the summit of Mount Lofty than by the only natural passes. Very little had been done in the way' f roads towards the North, though Mr. Hewett had dunned the Government into doing so much fcr the Southern settlers; and other influences fad prevailed for the ojuuiing ot the Eastern and North-eastern Dis tricts. They Row heard'of another road to Moorundce, hut the Government seemed inclined to carry it any way ratlnr than through the populous district of Lyndoch Valley. Needless difficulties fad been raised abont the crossing of the Light, and, in short, the North gene rally wo.; neglected. It was necessary for the people of Gawler Ton it to make a stand, and to insist upon the traffic hen g retained upon its original line. Mr. tV-.ttRUtr seconded the motion, which embodied two principles—first, that the terminus should be in Gcwlev loan; and secondly, that no reason fad been uliowu >vhy it should not be there. He thought few would contend that the proposed site of the terminus would !«• a better one for business than Gawler Town. Every on c wli oknowthesnrronnflingcountry mnstbeaware that no produce from the north, north-east^or north west eouM reach the proposed site in any otherway than through G.iwlcr Town, nnless, indeed, a fresh bridge were built over the Gawler Eiver; and even then, any person in ing such a bridge would prefer the station at Smith'.: Crock. For Tanunda, Lyndot-h Valley, Mount Crawford. Kapunda, and all the North, Gawler Town was th" <m!v proper road, and he did not think the mere cost of ls% dig down the rails a tittle further should be mad? or." nhjiction. He bad no doubt that many in Gawler To wn would sooner send their goods into town by drav- than have to cart th.m so far to the proposed termiu'r.s. It bad been justly said that the contemplated plan would ignore Gawler Town, but it would do worse —it would put the public to the expense of building that accommodation afresh that already existed in Gawler Town. Tcis was a wanton and improper expenditure of public money. The only engineer who considered Gawler To-.711 an unlit Bitcfor a station was Mr. Hamilton. Mr.Bahhcge, after coming np expressly to make a survey, informed iiic Committee that the terminus ought to be la Gawler Town, and that, nut because of tiie trade of the town, but because, in an engineering point of view, it was the best site with reference to the extension of * the railway to the north. When he (Mr. Warren) was called to give evidence before the Select Committee be was shown a map with the line carried from Willaston northward by an impassable route. Tfal was sufficient to show the. scanty nature of the information npanwhirir the Government had acted. ■Jtr. Baukeu supported the resolution. He considered it already established tfat Gawler Town ought not to fa passed br- Probably even their principal enemy, Mr. Hamilton, "might admit tfat it was desirable to go through the town, but lie would throw engineering difficulties and money difficulties in the way. Let them look their difficulties in the face as a bold man would look at a ghost, and they would find the one no more substantial than the other. Mr. Hamilton referred to the Park Lands of Gawier Town as being in a hollow, but he eceroed to forget the neck of land stretching out from the Cemetery, which was nearly on a level with the land on both sides of Gawlsr Town. Place the terrainu between the Bnahman Inn and the Church of England, and the engineering difficulty would vanish. It might he said that it would be difficult to get earth to up the necessary em* ban km cut; but Mr. Babbagc had suggested another route passing near the house where they were then meeting, and reaching Willaston by xnea?s of a slight cntting. Even Mr. Hamilton reemed to admit that his engineering difficulties were not very great, for he said afterwards that the question resolved itself into one of moucy. Now, there were three ways in which, the es pouse might be met. In the first place, the fixing of the terminus in Gawier Town would very ma terially add to the traffic upon the line, and its consequent profits. (Hear, hear.) It had been as certained in England that the most paying plan was to give the utmost accommodation to the public. There was a second way of meeting the expense. So long as the terminus of the entire railway was at Gawier Town, a larger space of ground would be required for it than would be wanted afterwards, when Gawier would only be an intermediate station. The sale of this extra quantity of land some time hence when it would have become more valuable would form a source of profit sufficient* probably, in itself to cover the increased ontl iy, for 1; must be remembered that the very position of tbe land, close by the station, would make it exceed ingly valuable. Then as to the third way in which the extra cost might be repaid. Mr. If amiiton expected that within the space of five-and-twenty years the proceeds of the railway would have paid off its ©mire cost with in terest ; and in his (Mr. Barker's) opinion, considering the rapid increase of the colony, it was likely this would happen sooner. But even taking Mr. Hamilton's calcula tion, and supposing the proceeds of the railway to be in no way increased by its being taken through Gawier Town, the only consequence of the extra outlay would be its taking 26 years instead of 25 to pay off the cost and interest; so that, as he had said, there were ways of meeting the money difficulty. It must be remem bered that in England a line was often purposely taken some distance round to include a populous town; and as railways there were matters of private speculation, it might be presumed that the system was. found pro fitable. Tbe resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. Spa.esiiott asked where it was at present meant to fix the terminus. Br. Majtony said he believed at Mr. Bassett's section. Br. Nora moved tbe adoption of the following memo rials :— "To the Honourable the Legislative Council of the Province of South Australia. "The memorial of the undersigned inhabitants of Gawier Town, of the adjacent district, and others, " Humbly showcth— "That a railway entitled the 'Adelaide and Gawier Town Railway* is now in course of construction. "That the site of the northern terminus of the said railway, as fixed by the Act under which the said Tail way is being constructed, is to be in No. S, Gawier Special Survey. • "That the said site is about three quarters of a mile from the principal business part of Gawier Town, and, moreover, not within the township. " That it is a priueiple commonly, if, indeed, it be not invariably, adopted by railway companies in England, to take their lines to and place stations in the centre of population, as seen in the deviations made in the main lines in order to take in large and even secoud and third class towns. " That i he fact last named is prima fade evidence that any additional expense thus incurred is more than com pensated for by the augmented traffic secured by the in creased fa ?iJity afforded the public ofarailing themselves of railway accommodation. "That tliis principle is as applicable to this colony as to England. "That in the opinion of your memorialists at least ninctccn-twcnticthsofail the (both passenger and goods) traffic leaving the northern terminns of the said railway will be for Gawler Town or have to pass through that i township, and that consequently ninetccn-twcntieths of j the whole population who will be in anywise interested in the stud station will be put to needless trouble and I loss of time, end increased expense, if the site as at J present proposed be adhered to. " That large sums of money have been expended in the purchase of land for bnilding-sitcs, and in the erection i of buildings, on the understanding, which has utriver* | sallv obtained from tire time when. Colonel Gawler was j Governor of this province, that the whole traffic between Ariolnirin and tV»/» Adelaide and the Northern Districts would pass through Gawler Town. [ "That the evidence given before the Select Com- ; mittee appointed by the Legislative Couucil on the j Gawler Town Eailway, towards the close of 185J, goes to ' prove that no serious engineering difficulties are involved . in continuing the railway to and placing the terminus in | Gawler Town. ! "That in the evidence given by several of the gentle men who supported the sue at present proposed, and who offered objection to Gawler Town as a site for the said terminus, certain, statements occur which convince your memorialists that the gentlemen in Question were very imperfectly informed as to the facilities tho country ih and near Gawler Town affords for the construction and working of a railway that 6hould pass through that town ship. Thus one objects because * Gawler Town is liable to he flooded,' though your memorialists (many of whom have lived for . years in Gawler Town), arc not aware that either the South or North. Para has ever overfl >wed its banks. Another says:— * Supposing the sta ion to be p!aced in the forks/ in the town, between the two rivers, * the trafficfromthc eastward could get to it only by crossing the existing bridge over the South Para'—a statement so diametrically opposed to fact that the slightest glance at a map or plan of the district will show to be absurd. "That the line suggested by B. H. Babbage, Esq., civil engineer, at his third hearing, and so strdDgly recommended by him, both because of the increased accommodation it would afford the public, and (in the ev.nt of the future extcusion of the line northward) the | easier gradients it admitted of, as compared with that i advocated by S. E. Hamilton, Esq., will meet the wishes j of your memorialists, and in their opinion be a great j public benefit. "That your memorialists would, however, suggest that the station, instead -of being placed on the low ground between Murray-street and the .Victoria Mills,as recommended by Mr. Babbage, should boon the elevated ground running westward from the Cemetery, which sui<l elevated ground is on a level, or nearly so, with the Gawler Plains and with the country lying immediately north of Willaston, thus obviating any difficulty dwelt upon by Mr. Hamilton and others, arising from tbc as-. sumption that the station, if in Gawler Town, must be on the Park Lands, or on a level with the Park Lands, and so being placed, iu the event of the extension of the rail way beyond Gawler, in a hollow between two more elevated points of the line. " Your memorialists, therefore, humbly pray that any measure brought before your Honourable House, with a view to the extension of the Adelaide and Gawler Town Itailway to Gawler Town, and the erection of the station within the township, may pass into law. "And your memorialists will ever pray." A similar memorial to His Excellency the Governor, i concluding as follows:— ! " Your memorialists therefore humbly pray that your Excellency will be pleased to order the preparation of a Bill, and its introduction to the Legislative Council, I providing for the extension of the Adelaide and Gawler Town Bailway to Gawler Town, and the erection of the | station within the township. " And your memorialists will ever pray." To show that tbey had a good right in that district to , solicit the attention of the Governor and the Legislature, | he would briefly enumerate a few statistical facts. The Government,. as he presumed, was bound to f study the greatest good of the greatest number. , Now he found that in the districts which would and must send their produce through Gawler ] Town, the population was as follows:—Mount { Crawford, 39/; Barossa West, 1,792; Barossa East, 678; I and Angaston, 1,336: total, 4,203; one-thirteenth of the entire population of the colony, exclusive of Adelaide and its suburban districts. That large number of ' settlers would be accommodated by the station being in [ Gawler Town, while, if it were on the south side of the j river, their traffic must pass over the present bridge, i which in that case would soon require rebuilding. The station oil the south side could not possibly be a con venience to any but about one quarter of the residents in Munuo Para East, 18 & persons, and the same propor tion in Munno Para West, 462 ; 615 in all, against 4,203. Mt.'Habris had been requested to second the memo rial, but he could not do so unless a slight alteration were made. He did 'not tliink it their duty to suggest any site for the terminus, but amply to ask for it in < Gawler Town. , Mr. Barker could not understand that the memorial did more than print out a particular spot which bad | hitherto passed unnoticed. It expressly stated that if the site suggested by Mr. Babbage on the flat were adopted they wonld be satisfied. Dr. Cotteb. said the same idea had occurred to him as to Mr. Harris. If the wording of the memorial was not a suggestion, it was at least a gentle hint that the sta tion ought to be placed near the Cemetery. Mr. Harms considered it not only a gentle hint, but a very broad one. Dr. Mahost most confess he saw no weight in the objection. A difficulty had been raised on the ground of the gradients, and the memorial simply pointed out a mode in which it could be removed. All that it prayed for was a terminus within the town of Gawler. It was j most respectfully worded, and neither the Governor nor 1 the Council could complain of any attempt at dictation. Mr. Harris thought it very desirable that the memo rial should be unauimousiy adopted, and suggested the omission of the portion he had meutioned. Dr. tf A207T thought the suggestion in the memorial very valuable. Mr. Wabreit agreed. Much stress had been Isid upon Mr. Hamilton's engineering difficulty, and it seemed incumbent on them to show that there was a possibility of placing the station upon groun l sufficiently elevated. Mr. Wtlbe thought it quite sufficicut to ask that the railway should be brought into the town. Mr. Barker thought it essential to show that it could be brought into the town without the station being fixed in a hollow. Mr. Warrex said, in answer to Mr. Jacob, that the projecting piece of land near the Cemetery was slightly Wow the level of Gawler Plains. Mr. ^Jacob remarked that it could be remedied to any extent by taking it to the eastward. Perhaps the words might be substituted, " upon the elevated ground either in or eastward of the town." The people of Gawler had certainly a right to be consulted in some way, which they really never had been at present. Mr. Habbts was perfectly satisfied with, the insertion of the following words—"On the elevated ground east ward of Murray-street, or that running westward from the Cemetery but he objected to the rest of the para graph, pointing out the fact that the site so suggested is nearly level with Gawler Plains and the country north of Willaston. Dr. Mahont considered it very desirable that the memorial should be unanimously adopted, and had no objection to the omission of the clause objected to by Mr. Harris. Mr. Jokes was decidedly against the suggestion of any particular site. Mr. Wabbest thought they ought to show that there was liigb ground in the town. Mr. Wxlde considered it presumption to point it out Mr. Barker thought it no more presumption than to* say the sun shone, or to point out any other self- evident fact. Mr. Harris considered it no presumption to say there was a lull, but very great presumption to point out a site. Mr. Jacob suggested a simple allegation that there was sufficient high ground for the purpose within the town. Mr. Wabbzk- remarked that it was important to show that there was high ground from which to get the neces sary earth for the embankments—a fact of wliicb Mr. Hamilton did not seem aware. Eventually, thefollowing paragraph was substituted:— "That your memorialists would suggest that there is a perfectly available site in tho township of Gawler to be a terminus, there being high and low ground within the township.*' Mr. Harms seconded the memorial In tl"a form, and it was unanimously adopted. ~ A Committee was then appointed to make arrange ments lor the completion mid presentation of the memo rials; and the proceedings closed with the usual com pliment to the Chmrmas. London Aet Union.—It will be seen by the advertisement that the engraving of "A Water Party," and tlic volume of woodjcuts alinstrativo of Byron's Cbilde Harold," have arrived, and are ready for distri bution to the subscribers for 1855. Those works of art have been placed, for the convenience of the subscribers, . at: Mr. Culiey's, Fdindcrastreet, where also may be seen specimens of the plate—'"AHighland Harvest"—for1856. It is to be regretted that all the latter have been des troyed or damag.d, as well as some of the other engrav ings, by the carelessness of the persons who nailed np the caso in which they were packed. The hoop-iron binding was secured by inch nails, but the bottom of the case being only half an inch thick, Hie nails penetrated through the wood, the inner tin case, and several layers of the engravings. 