>ABLUMENUBY INTELLIGENCE JUaaistuVTIYE ASSEMBLY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER lö, 185'j. The SPEAKER took the chair at half.past 3 o'clock. PAPERS. Mr. COWPER laid upon the table the undermentioned papers, which were ordered to bo printed :-1. A letter from the collector of customs, dated yesterday, iu ex- planation of his return to the order of this house for papers respecting the customs dues collected at Morpeth and Newcastle, ii. Minutes and correspondence respect- an g the Abattoir at Globe Island. MAITLAND AND MORPETH RAILWAY. Mr. NICHOLS withdrew tho motion standing in his mame on the notice paper for to-day, relative to the sur- rey of a line for a railroad between Maitland und Mor- peth, giving an amendod noUce of motion on the burae ?» subject for Tuesday next. GENERAL TREATY OF PEACE. The SPEAKER reported tfcat he had bien to Govern -meut House, and had there presented to his Excellency vthe Governor-General, for transmission to the Principal '-Secretary of State for the Colonies, for presentation to the Queen, the Addiess to her Majesty on the recent v General Treaty of Peace, which was adopted by this house on the ll) th instant ; and that his Excellency had ,:heen pleased to make the following answer : Mr. SPEAKRn-I will take tho earliest opportunity of forward. *' lag to the Senretury of State for tho Colouius the congratulatory \- Address which yon have put placed in my hands, in order that it .< may be laid at the foot of tho Throne without delay. I'feel certain that tho expressions of joy anil satisfaction at the restoration of peaoe, which ara recorded in tins Addross, are but . the echo'Of the sentiments of the inhabitants of Now South Wales. W. DENISON. Government House, Kith September, 1855. IRREGULARITIES OF STRANGERS IN THE HOUSE. The SPEAKER : I wish to draw attention to an irre- gularity which has given me and honorable members of this house considerable annoyance. During 'Wednes- day and last nights, whilst the debate was going on, tho »strangers in the gallery have frequently given expres- sion to approval or disapproval of what they have heard -in. this house. This has always occurred at a time when my attention was required to the debate going on. . £ have only to say that if this is continued, and if the ?strangers do not check it, by pointing out the persons .who are guilty of the irregularity, I shall order the «gallery to be cleared. (Hear, hear,) . I have also .noticed similar irregularity, either on the right or left of the chair, in the bodj of tho house ; and I shall ?take the same steps, if I find it occur again. (Hear, hear.) PRISON DISCIPLINE. Mr. FORSTER withdrew the notice of motion stand- ing in his name on the business paper for Tues Jay next, relative to prison discipline, giving an amended notice of motion on tho same subject for Tuosdsy next. QUESTION OF CONFIDENCE. \- . "Upon the resumption of the order of the day for the .adjourned debate upon Mr. Hay's motion-" That in the opinion of this house, the formation of the present ministry, under circumstances which precluded the prospect of its obtaining the confidence of tho repre- sentatives of the people, was calculated to obstruct the public business, and is most reprehensible." -Mr. THOMAS RUSDEN thought that the debato had assumed a very discursive character. He had always been accustomed to hard work, and had done a great deal of it during his life, but he had never done harder work in his life than sitting in that houso during tho past few days, nndlistoning to the frequent discussions which had taken place, and thinking on tho consequent loss of ?valuable time to the business of tho country. (Laughter.) This was too serious a matter to joke with, and although it might be that the matter afforded amusoraoment to 'honorable members, still the business of the country wa» rr.*..1, to suffer inconvenience. (Hear, hear.) Ho 'had heard complaints from several honorable gentlemen ?about unpleasant smells, heat, &c.; ; and the honorable ' member for Murrumbidgee had complained of thonoxious «fJluvia in the houso ; but bo (Mr. Rusden) thought he was entitlod to the thanks of the house for having dis . covered the cause of that effluvia ; and ho believed it . arose from the remains of an extract which had been ' ' read by an honorable member on tho previ. ous day. (Laughter.) An honorable member had said that when a man entered public ' life his character was open to scrutiny, and might ho ?. commented upon. But he could conceivo nothing moro horrible than that n mao's private character should bo ' -attacked in his absenco, and in that houso, whore honor ? «ble members were not responsible for what they said. It was his opinion that tho proper place for such assaults on the personal character of members was at the hustings, where a candidate would bo amenable for \--what he Raid. Having shown the great difference be. \- tween nn honorable member of that house and n candi ..date on the hustings, ho claimed for himself a fuir hearing, and hoped that ho would not bo put down by cries of " Question," and something like canine noises, with which he was greeted. He did not agree- with the whole of the resolution, nor could ho see any reason .why he should vote for it. He was quite ready to give «the greatest credit to the supporters of that resolution, ?. and to imagino their motives pure. Tho present motion was nothing less than a direct censure upon the i-Governor-General, and if other honorablo members would vote for the motion on that ground he would do \- co toa. The motion appeared to have other bearings, ? and one of them was a vote of censure on tho honorable ' the Attorney-General, although his naroo was not on the >&ce; of the resolution. It had been said that that \honorable and learned gentleman had made uso of ^threatening language to the house, but he (Mr. Rusden) äid not concur in that opinion. Ho thought that the attack which had boon mado upon the honorablo the Attorney-General in his absence by tho honorable member for Argylo, who in the course of his remarks /pretouded to be almost friendly to tho honorable the ...Attoraey-Goneral,-but if that was tho way he ( (Mc. 1'lunkett) treated his friends ho would say, " Oh -save me from my friends." He said that r the. opinion of the bar, or of any lawyer, was \- not equal to the opinion of the most stupid man in that house. (Laughter.) And, if the bar presumed to \- dictate to- that house, or to any member of it, the sooner that was put a stop to tito better. (Hear, hear.) « And all tho colonists would think so. Tho honorable and learned member for Argyle (Mr. Tlunkett) had insisted upon ' his .right to go into personal character; he had insisted.upon his right to go into public charac- ter. He (Mr..Rusden) would not insist upon his right >to go into private character, hut bo insisted upon his ?right to go into public character. Not that he was afraid of matching»his private character against tho jvivate character of tho-,honorablo and learned member for Argyle, or that of. any other honorablo momber in tho house. He hnd-stated, howovcr, that when a man entered public life his character became public property. ? (K»ar, hear, from! Mr:'Plunkett.) Ho (Mr. Rusden) * also said it was, and he took advantage ofthat privilege, andwouldexercise.it. .Ho (Mr. PlunkettJ threw down i tito gauntlet, and if no other .member took it up, he (Mr. .:£usdon) would. .(Hoar, hear.) . Mr. PLUNKETT roso : Ha never saul anything in ?that house in the .absence.of any honourable member ibut what he would say before his face. If any gentle- man to whom his observations applied was not present, it was his own fault.- ("Hear.) . Mr. T. G. RUSDEN perfectly agreed with the honor, able member.-. He did .not say that he (Mr. Plunkett) took- advantage of tho absence of the Attorney- General, but.ho said that that honorable and learned member was not present at the .timo. He would not say anything about any man behind his back. lu alluding to the appointment of the Attorney-General, he (Mr. Plunkett; had said it was an insult to that house, and tn tho -country. He then gave an account of his own life, in t tho course of which he sta'ed that when ho took the \- oflice of Attorney-General, ho did so with fear and trembling-. He would liko to know how many others feared and trembled when ho took office. (Laughter.) Ko doubt many trembled, both guilty and innocent. He knew ho hud tho right tr» go through all sorts of cases ami draw a parallel with tho abuses of office-both those which were long past and those which might nt present exist.- (Hear, hear.) Was it-possible that he could know-the .history of the colony-without feeling that he-had-a-peblic duty to perform ; or that he could have lived in Sydney and ha ve-been, present when the ?seven men were hung ono morning, without being fully .alive to his duty-to tho country. ? Those men were fir.-.t -tried nud acquitted, and then tried a second time and 'found guilty. Ho had always contended that the duties of grand jury and Attorney-General should bo separated ; , he had nothing to gain hy this but tho gratification of serving his country. If he had been the Attorney - \- General, ~he felt snro that lin could not go to bed and . wake nt midnight without f.incring that tho ghosts of \- t!u).v seven men were haunting him. He wouldnllndo to i lue magistrate. Mr. Donnison, who was brought in irons v ÎMMî-thn-interior to Sydney, nnd who was dealt with by V ;i:e whoI< government tiiking tho part of hi* prosecutor. iAii'ither case-he would allude to was, that of Mr. Bingle, .a eise against- whom was made ont bi- special commis- sion, and .-"vidence taken behind his back. Should he mention the cn«es of Polack and Lakeman, both of which w.'iv; well known? Something had been said about the remarks m.id¿ by the honorable -the Attorney-General \- on the latter case. He (Mr. Rusden), was .not present lin Windsor when tba« remarks, were, w4¿, AM»)») I he knew «ham La.kemMv*s. °aae< lw^4e«r»B»l froro . linvale, letter. Should, he draw a dfeUnaticm between the conduct of the highest functionary of »he bar ' Mr, T, G, OSBORNE appealed to the Speaker, The j remarks of the honorable member were quite irrelevant to the question. The SPEAKER understood bim (Mr. Rusden) to he examining the office of Attorney-General. He thought the honorable member was perfectly in order. Mr. T. G. RUSDEN said, he did not aUude to the private chnracter of any honorable member. Tho name that he had made use ot' had become public property. At the same time be had no objection to be called to order by the honorable member (Mr. Plunkett), or any other gentleman, -Mr. PLUNKETT : He should certainly not call him to ovder : he (Mr. Rusden) might say what ho liked ; he (Mr. Plunkett) was public property. Mr. T. G. RUSDEN : Should he allude to the speeches of the honorable member (Mr. Plunkett), and compare them with tho speeches made on the hustings by the present Attorney-General ? No. Let other honorable members do as he did, and not condemn him (the Attorney-General) on account of hasty words. He was not afraid of the honorable member for Argyle ; he was not afraid of being called to order by him, because he knew that he had the good sense to admit that his name had become public property. He bad met him before, in a court of justice where he had been threatened by him. That honorable gentleman had told him that he would dismiss five men, who were hoing tried for felony, and try him (Mr. Rusden) instead. Rut ho was not to be intimidated ; ho snapped bis physical linger quietly ; and with his mental finger, hurled his wig to the ground trampled it in the dirt and mire with his intellectual heel ; and spurned the grand jury with the honest i indignation of his soul. (Hear, and laughter.) He now forgave him from his soul. Mr. Plunkett had spoken about damaged character; he (Mr. Rusden) lind expected to have seen him take a different ground, i He hoped that if he (Mr. Plunkett) wished to vote against tile ministry ho would wait for asrood onDortunitv of doing so. He boped that ho would forget anti lorgivo all those things that had occurred previously, and not I support the mean, unmanly resolution. (Hear, hear.) He did not agree with honorable mombers that the reso- lution could be passed over even as a voto of censure upon the honorable the Attorney-General. Ho did not think any member could vote for it without giving a direct censure on the Governor-General. (Hear, hear.) But it no more involved the public welfare than black- balling a private person by a miserable clique in some petty club, where thoy retail spirits without a license. Tho honorable member (Mr. Hay) who moved tho reso- lution bad no right to make assertions that no man had dared to make during the last seven years. He had stated that to be tho case which was not the case; and his proofs were as well supported and as truo as the question, and the question as true and as well sup- ported as the proofs. Even the quotations he had made use nf were wrong. He had also taken a course which he (Mr. Busden) did not think at all dignified ; be bad taken the trouble to amend his speech in the public papers, and stated that the mistakes, which ho took the trouble to correct, were caused by disorderly interruptions in the house. Now, he (Mr. Busden) stated that there were no disorderly interruptions. When soma honorable members of manly and upright feelings thought the debato was taking a turn which they did not think was proper, they did expostulate in a parliamentaiy and proper man- ner. Why, then, did he uot appeal on a point of order ? Why did he go to tho newspaper and make use of the I word " disorderly" outside of the bouse, knowing that he dared not to do it in the house? (Hear, bear.) He (Mr. Rusden) did not bring this matter forward as a breach of privilege.' He hoped thoy should soon have their Standing Orders, so that tho Speaker would have less trouble in conducting tito proceedings of tho bouse. On all the lengthy opprobrious epithets that were laid at tho door of the Attorney-Goneral, the honorable mover of the resolution had spoken for two hours. In the course of his quotations, he (Mr. Hay) had quoted an Act which was defunct six years before tho honorable the Attorney-Goneral-then, Mr. Martin-entered that house. (Mr. PLUNKETT : " No, no.") Tho Act, he (Mr. Rusden) alluded to, was 0 and (J Vic, cap. 7(5, which was passed in 1H42-how ho liked to catch the lawyers, (lnughter)-and repealed by 7 and 8 Vic, cap. 74, passed in 1844. Mr. Martin was elected as a mem- ber of the late Legislative Council in tho year 1841). (Mr. HAY : He had relied upon 7 and 8 Vic. 1854.) The first Act that Mr. Hay quoted hud been repealed. (Mv. HAY : " No no."-Mr. MASSING : " He hoped one of those horriblo lawyers bad not been prim- ing Mr. Rusden.") Mr. Martin was elcctod undor I 0 Vic. No. Ö, passed on the 22nd February 184:) : and that Act the honorable member (Mr. Hay) had never referred to. A petition against tin improper election in those days was to be presented to the Governor; but it was not to be notioed, or any proceedings had thereon, unless signed by one candidato, or a number of electors not less than one-tenth of the whole nnmber on the list. The petition against 3Ir. Martin's election was signed by only eight persons. The report upon it had boen drawn np by an illegal tribunal, with no other to bind thom, cither political or divine. According to the Act, it could not proceed to business unless convened by the Governor. A decision was to bo given within five days, whereas the report was not brought up until thirteen days had expired. That report had been characterised as a scandalous libel. Even Mr. Wentworth had de- signated it as scandalously libellous. Mr. Martin's case was never tried yet, and he defied tho honorable member (Mr. Hay) to put himself up to try it now. Mr. Wentworth argued the points fully at the time, and said that the house by its proceeding had eroctcd another and an improper tribunal to dispose of its own business. At all events, tho Acts referred to by him (Mr. Rusden) should have been read by the honor- able member (Mr. Hay) before ho proceeded to attack the character of the honorable Attorney-General. It was thn», however, that laws were broken in 184!>. The honorable member had spoken about his Colonial experience and referred to tho course which should havo been pursued by the Premier when the latter was called upon to advise the Governor-General. Mr. SAY denied that ho had ever used tho words " Colonial experience" as alleged by the honorable gontlemnn. Mr. RUSDEN could state positively that the honor- able gentleman had used tho words " Colonial experi- ence ;" ho had himself taken them down at the time. Mr. HAY: The words were not used in the sense implied. Mr. RUSDEN' could soe nothing wrong in tho words. He would use the words both for himself and on hehali of the honorable member (Mr. Hay). He (Mr. Rusden; had himself a great deal of colonial experience f cheers and laughter) ; he had seen some wonderful things done in this country. Rut with all his colonial experience, he had never met with anything so preposterous as this resolution (hear, hear), which had led to such a wasto of the public time. It was a most useless, unne- cessary proposition-an unmanly, uncalled-for, disin- genuous personal attack upon ono man-(Cheors and cries of " No, no.")-an attack screened under three or four different constructions which tho resolution ad- mitted of. (Hear, hear.) Let tho house have the motion placed candidly before them in plain language ; let it be understood distinctly whether it was intended for Mr. Martin or tho ministry. (Hear, hear.) Let the resolution bear oue plain construction, and let not its severnl meanings be lumped together so as to catch votes. (Hear, hoar.) The resolution ought to bo Rplit up, and put forward in a proper and an intelligible shape, and honorable members would know what they were in reality voting for. (Hear.) To recur again to the qualification business, it was stated in tho house At the time that thc subject was brought forward in an illegal manner. It was proved also that it origi- nated in malice. The electors of Cook and Westmore- land had acquitted the honorable member ; he went back to them, was nsnin chosen as their representa- tive, and had been returned by them four or tive times since. All the members of the house had also acquitted him (Mr. Martin). For years no allusion had been mude till now. Mr. Martin expressed his willingness, his readiness to meet thc charge at the time in any legal tribunal ; this justice was denied him, hut subse- quently he brought un action against tho Speaker, and the judges of the land gavo a verdict in his favour. (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Rusden) did not prido himself upon his legal attainments, but he happened to know thc opinions held by men of high legal attainments upon this matter. Ho hnd the opinions of tho judgos, and of those who had gone from the colony since, thnt the deci- sion was illegal. And why, ho would ask, ofter a lapse of seven or eight years, should Um matter have been raked up again from the political dunghill apart from all the vices which have been collecting over since ? (Hear, hear.) Why, he asked, should those charges have been now raked up, nnd repeated under the pro- tection and influence which existed within those walls ? Even supposing that all these accusations were true, what did they amount t9 after all? Many politicians in England had, as the honorable Attorney-General observed in thc course of his address, been unseated under similar circumstances. And even in this colony, [ it was a well-knawn fact that members had sat in the legislature without any qualification. Lnst session, many gentlemen had told him ( Mr. Rusden) that they . possessed no qualification-that they believed none was necaHwry, «nd »ha» he (Mr, Basden) would need nam \--COrfes of « Name, name," aud laughter,] Mr, WISDEN, j Ha wished to »void, personalities a; much aa possible, (Hear, hear, nod laughter,) He coitlj name them if he thought proper, Allusions had been made to certain honorable members-he meant the SS new members-which would almost lead one to the belief that these gentlemen were to bo at the bec!; and call of the late ministry on the old Scotch principle " Caw me and I'll caw thee." But he (Mr. Busden) hoped those gentlemen would think for themselves ; that they would well consider tho impro- priety of condemning a roan upon charges which had been disposed of so long. The late ministry went out of office with a majority in their favour; what induced them to take this step he was at a loss to imagine. Why should the public time be occupied with discus oioas like the present, originating from private disputes, petty party-plots, and ridiculous rivalries. Let them look at the loss of time which hud been occasioned. Look at the time lost in the rescinding of a vote. And what after all was gained ? A vote once arrived ut could not be rescinded. It remained indelibly upon the records of the house; like the laws of the Medea and Persians, it was unalterable, though resoinded a thousand times. (Hear, hear.) And if this resolution was passed, what was to prevent proposals for its rescis- sion, and a consequent further delay of several weeks. There existed several reasons why he (Mr. Busden) could not vote for such a resolution as the present, but the principal one was the desperate onslaught which had been made upon the private character of an in- dividual. He might liavo objections to urge against the present ministry. He had one serious objection to them, viz. :-that they appeared in office as the nominees of the last. (Laughter.) Honorable members wore no doubt acquainted with Swift's history of the Bigendians and the Littleendians. The late ministry somewhat I resembled those two Darties. They had come into office with a great flourish bf trumpets, as to what tl]ey were about to do-this was the big end of the business; they went out miserably with a majority at their back-this was the little end. The honorable mover of this resolu- tion bad warmed up at a little laughter during the delivery of his opening address. Laughter could not very well be prevented. Most men were in the habit of laughing at times. fHear, hear.) Some were excited to laughter by the mero tickling of a straw (laughter), some by a mere puff of wind (hear, hear, and laughter), and others again by a few blades of withered grass. (Renewed merriment.) It was not surprising, however, that interruptions of this nature should have taken place when the houso had been compelled to listen to arguments of the most disgusting description adduced in support of a ridiculous motion, which hud no real meaning, but which ended where it began. Quotations had been given most plentifully in the course of this de- bate. He (Mr. Rusden) would also make a quotation which had some reference to those repeated calls to order which had characterised this debate. (Hear, hoar.) He would give thom the opinion of a high authority upon the point. It was as follows : The man who disregarded " a call to order," or contemns a reproof from the Speaker of a Legislative Assembly, insults the house-and moro, through the house, ho insults the whole com. mnnity-his own constituency included. A man so acting, may in lamentable depths of his ignorance, think he shows spirit, and that lie throws the "groundlings" into admiration; hut certainly «ll thinking people of the world know that he demonstrates univ his litter uuaciiuttintance with his true position-an insensibility to mou à opinions, au utter absence of respect for that people whose representatives he insults, sud a consequent uniltuoss to take any uart in any nublfo discussion whatsoever. Mr. HAY appoHled to tue house whether he had ofl'.-red such insults as these- whether he had persisted in taking such a course. Mr. RUSDEN thought the advice here given was good-good for himself, and for every honorable mem- ber. It was from a high authority, too,-an authority which honorable gentlemen opposite would, doubtless, respect; it was frem the Sydney Morning Herald. (Laughter and ironical cheering.) The honorable mover, moreover, had referred to Fox. So would ho (Mr. Rusden) He would quote Mr. Pitt, in order to show the true bearing of this question. The honorable member had compared his own course to that of Fox, but ho (Mr. Rusden) could not see how such a comparison could be drawn unloss it was that he had exhibited the sly cuning of a fox by quoting some portions of an act in support of his case, and passing over others which told against his own position. He would read to tho houso tho words of Mr. Pitt : lint that a declaration of disapprobation of his Majesty's ministers uy tho hoHse, should, tjisa facto, in every inBtance corapel tba sovereign to dismiss his minuter*, or com pel thom to resign, win ft point he never lind admitted, ami never would allon'. Such disapprobation unquestionably planed minis- ters in an nwkward anil unpleasant situation ; but that lt should force them to retiro, he would maintain was an unconstitutional doctrine, hostile to the prerogative of the Crown, and to that balnuco of power on which the excellency of tim British govern- ment depanded. No man was mora zealous or unreserved in assorting the right of the lions» to advise tire sovereign in the exercise ofhis prerogatives than he was. If a minority ought not to put a ministry out, what would Pitt have thought of the late ministry which went out of offlco with a majority? No doubt he (Mr. Rusden) would always be in a minority. At any rata, lie would always m nt o a stand against private persecutions of this nature ; he would always stand out against publio wrongs, against tho oppression of the widow and tho orphan, and against all unmanly advantages against thc exercise of spiteful feelings and arbitrary laws. And now he trusted honorable members would not forget tho charity which hopcth all things. Let them vote on the position of the ministry, but let them not suffer these attucks on privóte character. (Hear, hoar.) He (Mr. Rusden) would say to the house, to the late and present ministry, and to all ministries, that it was most reprehensible that the business of the country should bo impeded by these long and unnecessary dis- cussions. (Hear, hear.) He would quote another ex tract before he concluded. He would say to the honor- able members opposite, " Till now, ye have gone on and filled tho time With all licentious measure, making your wills The «cope of justico -." I If he (Mr. Rusden; had brought forward this resolution, or if he had been induced to vote for such a proposition, ho should have hid from his constituents-from himself, if possible. He should havo denied his country, and he could only have expected that his country would have denied him. (Hear, hear, and ironical cheers.) Mr. GARLAND considered the speech of the honor- able member (Mr. Rusden) rather illogical. He could not apply the arguments adduced to the question before tho house, or to any part of that question. From the character of the honorable gentleman's address, indeed, he (Mr. Garland) could not feel surprised at the honorable member continually finding himaclf in a minority. (Cheers and laughter.) The honorable member along with several others, seemed to roisanpre bend thc nature of tho motion before the house. (Hear, hear.) He seemed to think it was an attack directed against tho present Attorney- General. It was no such thing An HONORABLE MEMBER : The speech of the honorable mover Mr. GARLAND thought the resolution-was not identi- fied with that speech. (Cries of " Oh, oh 1 " *. Hear, hear," and laughter. ) If such a principle were admitted, some motions would get a strange colouring on coming before that houso. It was wrong, he thought, to say that tho resolution was intended as an attack on Mr. Martin. (Ironical cheering.) The honorable mover had merely made allusions to facts which were on record, and he (Mr. Garland) could not see how this was casting any imputation on the honorablo and learned Attorney-General. Ho was glad to see tho honorable and learned gentleman taking the matter up in its true light as affecting the honorable mover, and he was sorry and surprised that ho should have gone into private matters which had nothing at all to do with the ques- tion. Further the honorable and loomed gentleman (Mr. Martin) had thought fit to hold out a sort of threat as to the responsibility which members would incur who voted for this resolution. (Hear, hear, from the opposition.; He could only say that he intended to vote for the motion; ho cared' little for such threats; any member who could bo influenced lo maka concessions under such circumstances, ho thought, would bo utterly unworthy to hold a scat in that house. (Hour, hear.) It had been said that tho I lato ministry abandoned their posts in on improper manner. (Cheers.) He (Hr. Garland) considered they j had resigned constitutionally; that they had adopted a ' commendable course. ("Hear, hear," and laughter.) ? He hoped the house would consider the I very greot difference which existed between tho present and the late ministry. (Cheering.') I The members of thc late administration were independ- ent in every respect. 3Iost of them hod even incurred a . deal of inconvenience in their anxiety to carry on the I public business of tho country. And he must soy that if they found a difficulty, they were justified in resigning as they had done. The late Premier had assured him (Hr. Garland; at the outset, and all along, that if he could not secure a working majority to carry on with, he should give np his task, and he admired the candour with which the announcement was made. When, he (3Ir. Garland) read the opening speech of the Governor Genera], at tho commencement of the session, he was glad to find that the line of policy laid down by ministers was such as ho could approve of and support as a representative of the people. When ho saw all those measures threatened with extinc- tion, and even responsible government endangered in , the house, he felt he could not extend his confidence to the present ministry. He had also individual objections to the. prêtât ministry. With regard, ta tba bonorab: member a* »ha hoad of »ha government, without doul he wan an offlcer of rouob, experi.an.ee, «nd would be I valuable member of any government, hut M hs ha selected und associated himself with others who wei unsuitable, he (Mr. Garland) could not give him hi confidence. A* to the Minister of Finance, he was cai toinly a very amiable, honest, and honorable man, an deserved the soubriquet he had earned, of " honest Bob ¡ but he considered honesty was not the only qualit in a Minister of Finance he ro quired , t be a mun of enlightened and comprehensiv views ; it was not enough that his honesty was above tb suspicion of his by any possibility putting his hand ii your pocket, but he should also bc able to enunciate hi: views with perspicuity. (Hear.) The honorablo gen tlernan, the Minister for Finance, not being, in hit opinion possessed of those qualities, he did not feel called upoi: to support him. As for the honorable and learned Attorney-General, so much had been said regarding his fitness for otrico that no further remarks wera required from him, and he would merely say, he was satisfied the house, after duly weighing what had been *aid, would come t ) a right conclusion. With regard to tho honora- ble gentleman, the Minister for Lands and Public Works, ho was, as every one would admit, a gentleman of high attainments and long experience; indeed he might say he had been a representative of tho people over since they had had a legislature. But bo bud ob- jections to him too_. (Hear.) If what had been stated as likely to be the policy of the government, in relation to tho Crown lands were correct, be could not approve of it,-and the house ought to look on it as a question of great moment who held so important an office. Under all these circumstances he considered himself justified in withholding his support fror* the present ministry. If the charge of farming a ministry had been committed to some other member, he would probably not have been so rush as tho honorable gentleman at the head of the government had shown himself-and would not have rushed down to the Governor-General with a list formed of so heterogenons materials, and might not have shown so plainly that he quaked for fear of the course that would probably be pursued by honorable members on tho cross-benches. (Hear.) The honorable member ought to have declined forming a ministry when ho found he could not collect a cabinet likely to command the confidence of the houso. He would voto in favour of the motion, and he hoped a great majority of honor- able members would do so, as he considered they would, by pursuing that course, bo performing a duty to them- i solves as well as to the country. Mr. OSBORNE said, when he saw this resolution on Wednesday, he at lirst thought of supporting it, but when ho found, from the speech of the honorable mem- ber for Murrumbidgee, that the motion was merely used as n cover fora personal attack-as indeed the whole drift of that gentleman's speech was to attack tho character of honorable and learned Attorney-General-he altered his intention and would now vote against it. If any indi- vidual objection had to be mado against the ministry, it should have boen brought against the honorable gentleman nt thchead of the government. Mr. Martin wasan eminent and talented man ; he had been in the house and before the public, and ho was surprised any body of gentlemen I could bo found who would agree in the propriety of a personal attack in that house, on so useful and active a member of it as Mr. Martin. He (Mr. Osborne) had not been in thc habit of voting with tho honorablo mem- bers at present forming the cabinet, but ho was inclined to wait till ho saw the mea«ures> brought forward by them, and on the morits of those measures let them stand or fall. Under these circumstances ho should certainly vote ngaiust the motion. Mr. JAMISON said ho did not mean to have spoken at present, had it not been for an attack on the con- stituency he represented, whioh had been mado in the course of the debate. He would quote from tho report which had been published, and if any error had occurred, the honorable member interested would have an opportunity of correcting it. The SPEAKER said it was contrary to usage to read and comment on a newspaper report of a previous debate. Mr. JAMISON" said it might be taken for granted the report was correct, and tho honorable gentleman hud made an uncalled for attack on one of the principal con- stituencies in tho colony. Of the thousand electors, nearly throe-fourths wero freeholders, and a more inde- pendent or intelligent constituency was not represented there. He had rather an humble opinion of his own abilities ; he believed he was the youngest member in the house, but it appeared to bim that tho opposition to the present ministry waa a vindictive and factious one. He had himself voted on two or three occasions a?ainst tho late ministry, but his opposition was no factious one, and in doing so, he had acted honestly and openly. Tho motion now before the house was unfair and premature. Ho was inclined to support tho prosont government, but ho would not do so blindly,-for if tho measures they brought forward wore not such as he considered would benefit tho country, ha would feol himself compelled to go against them. Mr. HARGRAVE had a few remarks to make in con- sequence of what had been said of a meeting of mem- bers which hud taken place out of doors. He did not wish to avoid the responsibility of having'ottonded that meeting. He bad sut on the cross-benches* because he would not support men but measures. He would sup port tho motion of tho honorable member for Murrum- bidgee. The policy of the present ministry with regard to the Crown Lands had not been laid before them ; but to judge from the expressed opinion on the hustings of three of the cabinet ministers, n considerable reduction in tho price of lnnd was intended. Ho had watched tho proceedings of tho present ministry narrowly, and he was of opinion that tho right man wits not placed in the right place. Mr. BARKER roso to address the house It was objected that he had spoken before. After some discussion it was ruled that as tho honorable gentleman had formerly spoken only in explanation, he was now at liberty to speak on tho question before the house. Mr. BARKER said he thought the honorable member at the hoad of the government had been un fortunato in tho choice of his colleagues in tho Cabinet, as thoy possessed neither the confidence of that house nor of the country. If length of service was to be taken into account, tho honorable member at the head of tho government, moro than any other in that house, deserved their confidence. Tho records of that houso would show the past services ho had rendered to the colony. He regretted a coalition had not takon place. There was plenty of ability on tho other side of the house to form an entirely new ministry, but the modesty of its possessors had as yet allowed it to lie dormant. Tiley all knew the estimable character of the honorable Min- ister of Finance-he (Mr. Barker) regretted to see him placed in tbat position. The honorable and learned Attorney-General had made use of a description of threats in reference to those honorable members who might choose to vote against him on this occa- sion. Those threats would havo no weight with bira. The conduct of that honorable member during the last session appeared to him (Mr. Barker) even more objectionable than tho other circumstances referred to. He had been accustomed to look on that honorable member as ono of 'lie best of their country members, but he could not avoid remarking that he was much changed of late; he had displayed a feeling of disap- pointment and acrimony which he (Mr. Barker) consi- dered very unbecoming and objectionable. But these personalities had already occupied too much of the time of tho house, and he would concludo by hoping some change would speedily be effected which would enable the house to co on with tho business of the country. I Mr. BOWMAN said it was welt known j It was well known that he supported tho late ministry, for he did not think that any set of men were so well calculated to carry on tho government of the colony, and he regretted they had thought it proper to resign. He had a sincere respect for the present government, but he did not think they possessed the confidence of tho country or of that house. Ho much regretted the personalities that had been introduced into the debate, but be did think that the Attorney-General was rather too young for tho high position he filled. The late head of the government had followed tho practice of the English Parliament, and with a propor degreo\>f delicacy, when he thought he had not the confidence of the house he had resigned. He did not attempt to rule the country ngninst the wishes of tho house. He (Mr. Bowman) was astonished at honorable members coming forward after the lato resignation, and saying that they would have voted for tho honorable member (Mr. Donaldson) if he had conceded this and that question. He hoped that if the honorable member (Mr. Cowper) wore to carry on the government, that he would bo allowed to uso his discretion, and he thought that honorable gentlemen were bound to have supported tho late ministry, without insisting on any concession. Ho would only observe, in conclusion, that he had, niter due considération, nnd with much pain, resolved to support tho resolution with a view to carry on the business of the country satisfactorily. Mr. MANNING snid he was not without hopes that soma of the honorable members of the government would have addressed the house before it became his turn. He believed that tho honorable gentleman ot the head of the government was not -without some impression that the observations he (Mr. Manning) might make would apply to. him, and that, therefore, he (Mr. Manning) was cn tilled to speak first. He felt the force of that remark, and he (Mr. Cowper) had alright to know previously what tiena he might Uk*, in order ti» answer way akarg« made, For those reason* ne feU culled «po« th,«« t address the house, The motion «wier oanslderatjo wast in its term* genera), and pointed ta the ohataoter t the ministers and to th3 circumstances under vhicl they entered into power. The motion did not poiut t any particular individual of that ministry, though som choosed to think so, and which might bc a very con venient course to take when they had a point to carry and were in opposition. That the resolution was 4 general one in its bearing, he repeated distinctly, ant he bad a right to take an independent course, and tc treat the motion as general, and in that point of view ht should address bis remarks to the honorable gentleman at the head of the government. He looked to him principally, as the head of the governing body. He was not disposed to say a word more tuan was necessary with reference to the qualifications of ono honorable member of that government. He did not desire to moke any contrast between the former and the present govern- ment. If he could not maintain hi» position -without trumpeting his own fame he was content to fall. In re- ference to one question which had boen much debated, and which bad taken a personal turn-he wished to make a few observations, not with reference to any in- dividual but ns to its principles. They ought to beware that they did not desert principles which thoy ougbt to assert. There ought to bono question as to the character of a member who hold a high position before tho house. He thought that even private charactor was a proper subject to be brought forward. (Hear, hear.) With respect to public or private character lie would only look as to its future effect upon tho confidence of tho public in the administration nf government. In his opinion there was not much difference between public and private character. For instance, he would not have as a minister of religion one who was known to bo irre- ligious, nor fer a minister of education ono who was illiterate ; nor for a finance minister one wlio bod been insolvent, even if it were proved that, despite his insol- vency, he was as honourable as could be. Ho thought it was inexpedient for the public good, that any ono res- pecting whom there were any doubts, even if bis insolvency had been the result of misfortune, should be trusted in an administration. Ho would not _ put those into any position who wera unlit for it, or who were not likely to command tba confidence of the country. (Hear, hear.) He should make no reference to the honorable and learned member (the Attorney-General) except upon a matter mentioned in his late address, and to circumstances that resulted in an act of insult not only to himself, but to a lady, when cards of certain gentlemen and ladies were thrown across the table of that house. It was trim that some years ago cartis had been left at mat nonoi able and learned member's house. Thoso cards wer inscribed with the names of himself and his wife. Ther had also been cards left by tho honorublo menabci ("Mr. James Macarthur and lady) and another honoi able member and his niece. He avowed that those card had been left with his consent, as he desired to do an ac of courtesy and he might add of kindness, to tho hooorab] and learned member and his lady. I3ut because ho di. that, was it right that because he assumed that he (Mr Manning) should vote aguint him on this motion although ho had not yet spoken-that ho should bi treated with ingratitude, and an insult bo com wittel not only on himself but on a lady. (Hear, hear.) Hi would alvo say a few words ubout tho black-balling nt thi club. On that occasion ho was not present a the club, and therefore lind not voted one wa; or other, but if ho had been there, and had votec for him, ho never would have told him so Ho had not been at the Club but once or twine wher elections bad taken place, but he had alwnys carried oui the rule of not ever informing gentlemen when he hud voted for them, for such a system was opposed to the spirit of thoso institutions, and if pursued, gentlemen who were proposed would make enquiries lirst of one and then of another until at last tho individuals who had used tho black bull would bo found out-(hear, hoar.) Ho had a right to say something also in refer- ence to thc ground of the late administration's retiring " »rom tho stultiferous paradise of olfico"-(bear, hear, and laughter.) It might be remembered that some merabors of the lato council when measures wero put oft', expressed themselves much dissatisfied, and experi- ence would now show them, that before a government could be in proper working order, it would be necessary to have an amalgamation. Thero wore many things to be learned by the change thut had taken place, and which he had in view, and which ho believed would end for the public good, whether tho ministry remained in office, or the old ono returned. Ono thing that was absolutely necessary, was to get rid of that opposition : it was known to nil honorable members who had watched the feelings and conduct ot" tho old Council, that every effort was made to deprive tho government of assistance, and so those who formed the late opposition were remarked to huvo uvnilcd them- selves of failings forgetting they were now under a now stnto of things. When public opinion was progressing toward responsible government, he could understand honorable members carping at a government as such, but when it was established on different principles there ought to be an end of that conduct. Until ono ministry had resigned, and another had come into nower. and botli had tested their capacities, there conloi be no traits of responsible government, liy one party coming into power for a long or a short time, somo lesson would bo learned of mutual forbearance. He trnated when honorable gentlemen opposite felt tho diflienlties of government, and the difficulty to ensure a combination of supporters, that when again it was their fortune to go upon tho opposition benches, they would know hov to make an allowanco for their successors, and to for- bear when it was proper to do so. The converse was equally true : those used to govern might know the diffi- culties and tho temptations of power, and would comport themselves differently when in opposition. Tho conduct of the late government in going out, not having a majority, shewed they did display a tenacity for office. It had boen said they had shown too little, perhaps they had, but they had erred on tho right side. He thought also they might leam tho duties and responsibilities of opposition, which bo held in their sphere and degree to be equal to the responsibi- lities of government. (Hear, hear.) Though somo honorable members might think the discussion a waste of time, ho thought it would do public good. They would learn further the principles which should guide un oppo- sition, when thoy turned out a ministry, and combined to form an administration. One most important lesson they would learn, would be the necessity of combined action, and honorable members would learn to seo that even a battle-field was adopted as a cause of <j uar rel when it was not the real cause of opposition. An ingenious opposition would bring forward nn open question, not because they really felt the principles of the particular motion should ho decided by the house, but on some abstract proposition. Thus, on tho abstract question about the judges in thc Upper House, they would seo an attempt of a party to put the Ministers in a difficulty that might lend to a resignation, and would see that it was a party contest. Theso lessons it was important to leam, and no doubt the course nursued had tended to tho miblic unod, bv making tho theory of government not only -well understood, but by increasing the pro- babilities of its being reduced to practice. Kow, this kind of consideration had had great weigh I with him in influencing him in the course ho pursued, They were the considerations he had entertained nnd expressed from tho first meeting of tho house, and ol which, from that time, he had never lost sight. It might be possible that the desire he had for the ultimate bene, fit of the country had swayed him in tho course bo had taken ; for he frankly confessed that, with him, such a desire was paramount. It might, therefore, have been that, from this reason, ho and his colleagues-who showed the desire with him-were too ready to resign the reins of power. But, if so, it was to carry out a greet principle-and was a mistake on thc right side. (Hear, hear.) It was to corry out a principle of incomparably more importance, than whether a few political measures-of more or less value-should, or should not, be passed-measures, indeed, regarding which very little difference of opinion prevailed. He had looker! beyond all that. Ho had lost sight of the minor considerations of the present, and bad looked forward to the future-(hear, bear)-and taking that broad view, he believed the course he had adopted was correct. At all events, if he had erred at all, he could safely congratulate himself, as he said, in having erred on the right side. (Hear.) If the course which was taken had been tho cause of introducing some little delay into the progress of public business, the ultimate results would, ha wa3 convinced, moro than counter, balance such a slight and temporary evil. (Heal-, hear.) If their resignations at the particular time they were tendered would have led to the indefinite postponement of any great public measure, then, he had no hesitation in saying, their course would have been wrong. Bat when the measures they had brought forward were approved of by all in that house-when even the honorable gentleman opposite (Mr. Murray), -whom, from the way in which he was talcing notes, he (Mr. Manning) imagined was going to answer him- declared they even out-liberoiled the liberals-the honorable gentleman being himself a liberal-it would be readily seen that the course the late government took was not calculated to imperil the welfare of the country. (Cheers.) There wa3 one other consideration which, in some degree, combined with the other influences to which he referred. It was said-although he disagreed entirely with . the justice of the remark-that the oironmstanoes, under -which, fte lata t^mirdsWn,, waa called ima power were? irregular and xwoquaThn: i (ional. That objection, to th«)r tenure of otfjce, »i, repeatedly urged, and although, ha was satisfied, tw T, wa? entirely without foundation, still he tho«Bm was, nevertheless, daairable that th» administration should-if merely for the sake of the individuals com prising it-go on without the possibility of any reason' able doubt existing on that bead. AVith this considera! tion operating upon tba minds of himself and bis col leagues, it was thought desirable-if no evil conse! quencos should result-and none had or would result-! that they should adopt a course which would preeluZ any one irom twittiug them with an unconstitutional possession of power, it was manifest, if they resigned and came again into power, that particular cry at least could not be renewed against them. The history of England necessarily furnished no precedent in support of their first step ; but, in justification of their return they would be in a position to adduce any ntuabergf precedents which might be required. (Hear..) Andie -would confess that he was by no means sorry to relieve himself from the indignities sometimes cast upon him und others by those who did not understand tho force of language when addressed to men moro sensitive tina themselves. Ho trusted there would, in this respect kB a better tone,evinced tban hitherto.' (Hear, hear.;, H9 boped such would be tho rosult whether the honorable gentlemen in office remained in power, or others took their p »ces. At all events, so far as bu was concerned it should bo so. He also felt-and this was tó him one of the strongest inducements - tha evils of a government, apparently weak, con. tinuing in office, lt appeared to him that, it a ministry were not strong, the inevitable result would he that no great principle could be advanced with bold, ness ; and he, for one, would not belong to any adnunis. tration, unless he felt be could take his own course asa man of independent feeling-as a man who, in however bumble a degree, could assume the character of u states- man-and maintain an independent bearing both in the bouse and out of it. If a government were weak there .would always be a great anxiety whether this vote or that vote could be passed-or wliPther this class or that class should have a Bop thrown out to it. Although ba acknowledged that, under responsible govern, ment, every administration must be prepare! to submit to a majority in the honw still there should not be such a sense cf weakness as would prevent great and _ important measures lein» brought forward, owing to this uncertainty of äupport The result of such a Btate of support would be either that a Ministry disposed to be bold would resign, or th.it a false compliance would be held out to tho house in order to catch votes on minor question*. (Hoar, hear.) Now, a great deal had been said -and much time taken up-with reference to the meeting which hud been held at the house of an honor, able inomber ; and an honorable gentleman opposite wa3 very anxious to know the names of those who had attended. (Mr. FXOOD : "Hear, heart I was.") Was ho? (Laughter.) Ho (Mr. Manning) did not know whether his point was to ascertain if any members of tho Into government were at tho meeting. At all events he (Mr. Harming) would say, that he wa» not, and bad nothing whatever to do with it. Ho know ho should be borne out, when ho informed tho house that on the evening when it was proposed bj tho late ministers to tender their resignations exertions wore made to prevent that step being taken ; and that he, for one, refused to have anything to do with the matter. (Hear, hear.) In the face of a fact like that he thought the honorable gentleman at the head of tie government need not have been in such great haste ta fonn a ministry, und that he might have devoted hil Sunday to religion and repose;-(" Oh I oh ! ")-rather than in taking steps to form an administration. He (Mr. Manning) begged to assure the honorable gentle, man that he, for one, would not have interfered wita him. (Hear, hear.) Leaving that portion of the sub- ject, he would next address himself, for a short time, to what appeared to him to bo the duties and responsibilities of an opposition. He took it, then, tbut an opposition ought well to consider before they opposed a government on matters of minor importance. He thought, too, that ia genernl an opposition should be preparod with at least i nucleus of a government. Ho imagined there should bo such on ascendency of principle between a sufficient number of their members as would admit of the forma, lion of a government of their own in tho event of com- manding a majority against minister*. And this brought him to the question of the formation of the present administration. He was quite ready to admit that wheo the late government resigned the honorable gentleman now the Colonial Secretary, was a proper person to be sent for, mid be (Mr. Manning) would not bo one to deny the honorable gentleman's talents; but would say, on the contrary, that lie thought him a useful man in a government. Ho certainly would not tuko the Colonial Secretary as a leader, although circum- stances might arise in tho history of the country which would render it not impossible for the Colonial Secre- tary and himself to act toscther. He contd only act with the honorable gentleman, however, as an equal and could never serve in his administration, lt w very much to be regretted indeed that the course whit had been pursued by that honorable member had bee ot' such a nature as to widen the differences alroai existing between those who, in many respecl evinced considerable congruity of principle. Tl result of that course was, that strong feelings hi boen excited ; and bo now felt there wos a gu created, which he, for one at least, was not able to pas: It appeared to bira, as he had remarked, that when o opposition was conducted in a manner calculated to lea to possession of the ministerial benches, the leaders ¡ that opposition should be prepared with tho nucleus of government. Wa* that the caso in the present instance ?\Vas it not the fact that with the exception of the seen tary for lands and public works, tho honorable gentle man (the Colonial Secretary) was unprepared with single member to assist him to carry on the govemraenl ho (Mr. Manning) admitted, in all candour, that to som .xtent this might be explained, because it was probabl the honorable gentleman did not anticipate, so speedy resignation of the late ministry, and cons.quently hi arrangements were not so far advanced as would othei wise have been the case. But although admi'ling this ho could net see that it was any the less reason why h should bavo paused before assuming the reins of govern ment. (Hear,hear.) If ho felt ho was not surrounded b, the colleagues he should bavo desired, that was a reasoi why he should have admitted ho was not prepared ti undertake tho responsibility that waa held out to bim A necessary ingredient which ought to .be included ii the question ot the formation of any government wai tho prospect of being able to command a majority Now, had tbn honorable gentleman any expectation o that kind? It seemed that he could hardly have sud expectation-though even here he (Mr. Manning) nouli soy that the honorable gentleman might have expected that a large mensuro of stn port would have been extended to him after be was in power. (Hear, hear.) But theis was another, and very serious objection, which seemed to him quite suflicient to condemn the honorable gentle- man for his ossuraptioa of office. It did not appear that at tho time the ministry como into power they had any principles of government which entitled them to im a distinction between themselves and the late adminis- tration. (Cheers.) Therefore, so far as he could see, the distinction was one of men not measures. (Hear, hear, hear.) Another ingredient certainly necessary in tho formation of any government was to see that those who caine together as a ministry should, so far ns practicable under the circumstances, be men of congruity of opinion on subjects of public interest, f Hear, hear.) He under- stood the " hear 1 hear I" of tho honorable member, and he (Mr. Manning) was quite ready to adroit that in many respects, thsre was some incongruity of opinion among the membeis of the late cabinet, and had therefore guarded himself by using the words " so far ss practi- cable under the circumstances." (Hear, hear, hear.) He thought, therefore, that it came with a very iU-graco from the opposite benches to jaunt us . with a want of uniformity, especially as there was a tenfold greater want of congruity among themselves. He admitted that since ministers had taken office there had been some miraculous conver- sions amongst them. fXaughter.) Ho admitted-judg ; ing from tho expression of opinion which had emanated from them-that almost tho instant after they had taken office, a remarkable cbange was apparent. Could a stronger case in point be instanced tian that of tia Attorney-General? That honorable and learned gentle- man's views on education had always been in favour of thc national sj-stem. He bad, on every occasion the matter was brought before the house, protested against money being granted towards the maintenance of the denominational system. So decided, indeed, had been his views on the subject that he (Mr. Wanning) had although in favour of the national system-felt compelled to protest against the honorable and learned gentlemans attempts to deprive a large class of bis fellow-subjects of tho assistance which was granted them. Bnt what did they now find? Why, at the last moment tia honorable gentleman went to a meeting of his electors and announced his conversion. How that conversion had taken place it was impossible positively to say although it had been brought about in so significant a manner,1 that one could have no hesitation ia suggesting it was - not a conversion iron a feeling of principle, bot simply in snbr mission to the head of the government. He_would not dwell on various other matters of opinion in which « appeared to him there had hitherto been a line of dentar ¿»»ia betteen. th.« members of Ora mw «dminiMrsUq?] »ach more bradly marked, th»n tienen the memUern ol the old, One honorable gentlenun had already alluded ts tiifi Protectionist principies of one member of tile Urernment, and. tiren the Free Trade principles ol ¡Jtbers. N°w> this w** nst * Wiling matter. The Free Trade« and Protectionists had been two great parties in 'the British legislature : Free Trade or Protection had leen the great question of the day. And yet, this being OTi both viens were held by different members of the cabinet. ("Hear, hear.) It might be that, in this country, the effect of this diversity of sentiment in this particular matter would be the production but slight of evil; but tho fact itself should be lorne in mind by those honorable members woo bad taunted the late government with contrariety of opinion. The leading point ef difference between the'members of the previous administration was the New Constitution, jîut the same remark applied with equal force to the members of tho present government. The honorable gentleman at the haad of the government was always in favour of an elective upper house- while the honorable gentleman next to him (Mr. Campbell) was in favour of »n hereditary house of lords J[r. CAMPBELL: On an elective principle. 3Ir. MANNING said, perhaps tho honoruble gentle, man was in favour of the hereditary scheme so long as there was a chance of him. becoming Lord Sydney Cove. Jlr. CAMPBELL desired to correct the honorable member in what he was saying. Ho (Mr. Campbell) bad been anxious to see privileges conferred on this tountry, and had consequently voted for the Constitti. non. He was always, however, in favour of an elective lome. Mr. MANNING said, ho was BUTS thc honorable ccntleman spoke in favour of the hereditary principle. Mr. CAMPBELL was equally confident he had spoken against it. Mr. MANNING continued : Another honorable mem- ber-the honorable und learned Attorney-General-was ia favour of an elective upper house-but his proposi lion was of a nature to create great political differences, end set class against class, by putting the power of election into tho hands of the free- holders of the country. On the other hand, the Secretary for Lands andfWorks, he (Air. Manning) thought was favourable,to the bill as it stood. Mr. MURRAY denied this. He supp rtcd both pro- positions which had been mado for un elective upper house. He was always in favour of the elective prin- ciple. .Ur. MANNING would Tenture the remark, that thc honorable gentleman was not prepared to tay what par- ticular kind of elective houso he proposed. (Oil 1 oh !") At all events there was great diversity of opinion on the subject. And thia naturally led bim to the po si lion tbat with respect to this constitution the late government would bear a contrast with the new. The present cabinet bad done nothing whatever in the matter, while the old had at all events ihown that they were determined to get rid of the two-thirds clause in order that legislation on tba matter might bo carried oat by simple majorities in both housos. The Colonial Secretary, however, had prepared no measure whatever on the subject Tho COLONIAL SECRETAIT said the bill of the honorable member for the Sydney Hamlets was on tho paper. It was no uso having two bills before the house to effect one object. Mr. MANNING said it appeared to him that when the honorable members took ot Hoe they should hare been in a position to present somo line of policy of their own to the house. That, however, they had not done. They had no measures whatever prepared when they went before their constituents. Ho had before him the £mpire newspaper and would quote from that because it was tho organ of the party. (" No 1 no 1" from Mr. Parkes.) Mr. MANNING: Did the honorable member belong to that paper, then ? (Laughter.) .Mr. PARKES : Not in that house. Mr. MANNING : If tho honorable member objected to be connected with it in that house it would be ns well it' he did not contradict him. He judged from tho paper itself, and repeated that it was the paper and organ ol' the present administration and, therefore, it was that he thought the reports of the speeches of members of the government ongoing before their constituents could not be objected to. The honorable gentleman at the head of the government in a speech ho had delivered to his constituents, had-if he were correctly reported-mado eenuin remarks which be (Mr. Manning) would read to the house. He spoke on the subject of the public prosecutor which he did in explanation- and particularised the honorable gentlemen nominated to the office of attorney general-that it was proposed to introduce somo changes in regard to that office, and to appoint a nublic prosecutor, lío said : I think a new ofiico might bo established, and liv this mean8 every objection respecting Mr. Martin as tho (,'ranil Jury would be removed. I admit that in going over tba bends of the barrister*, I was taking- a bold step ; but desperate ripeasen require desperate remedies, anti there was no otlior alternative left me. Xow from that it would appear that tho matter was not on general principles but in reference to a particu- lar individual in the position of attorney- general. Now, in reference to that matter in the late debates he men- tioned that ha thought the position of attorney-general and public prosecutor were incongruous-that a public officer whose position depended on a majority of that house should not discbarge thc dut}' of grund jury. But the late government abstained from bringing in n mea- sure-unless the country expressed an opinion on it to saddle tho country with nu additional otflcer. Ile said- and he hoped, with all due humility-that as he had been tor twelve years in the public service there might not be felt tho same difficulty as with some other gentle- men; but with referenco to himself the difficulty wa* great. Now the honorable gentleman adopted that course only in reforenco to ono particular individual. Now, w«s that a great principle to bring before the country. Then, on tho subject of a nominuted upper house-on which tho honorable gentleman had expressed his opinion before-he suid on the same occasion : I believe the illfliculty oí the case will be got over «Hen tu lej-'iilaturc give their attention to the Mtbject, nudBetubuut th cüu^tructioa of an upper house ou u proper ba-sis. Tile honorable gentleman expressed no opinion fo himself, at nil events ho did not say what hi course would he, but that it might be settled b, experience. Now, that was in fact what lie himsel had said-that he was pvepared to seo Iio\ the existing institution worked ; and that the legislatur should have a free course to remove all obstacles to th proper government of the country. 'With reference h the subject of land, there was no great principl announced either ; though to bira it seemed thnt tba was a subject the honorable gentleman should have bcei prepared with a principle to lay down ¡ because it wa one of the subjects that had" been much before tin country, and had been much discussed ; anil also because the Act of Parliament accompanying the Consti tution Act surrendered the public lands to the control o parliament, and so was one of the subjects that firs demanded their attention, and also, because the lati ministry had introduced and read a first tiene a bill or tho subject of the crown lnnd3 of the colony ¡-So that it was a subject the honorable gentleman nod they wh< took office with him should have been prepared t< express an opinion on. Now, in reference to that, tin honorable gentleman said : The administration of the Crown lands and the finances o the colony also cull for immediate attention. Those were almost the very words used in the addresi cf the Governor-General on the opening of th« parlia- ment. Mr. F. RUSDEN : Why find fault with them then Mr. MANNING : He did not find fault with them The honorable gentleman misunderstood his reference What he meant was, that when the new ministry tool office they should have been prepared willa some prin ciples of their own to enunciate. Now in regard to thc gold-fields regulation,-an important subject for theil consideration, a subject in regard to which tho latt government had obtained leave to bring ia a bill, und on which they had declared their policy-what did the honorable gentleman at the head of the government saj about that. He spoke in answer to the question-" Ho» about the gold-fields? The honorable gentleman replied : I will soy a few words on that point, having another victory lt claim even in this matter. It was determined by the Int« minti" try to adopt for the legislation of tho guld-fields of this colon) the policy of Victoria-a policy which 1 believe to be os liberal as could be devised. JJut I may mention on this point Hint some S eers ago I tried to get a committee appelnted in oilier that the management of the gold fields of Victoria might be taken imo consideration and, if approved of, he introduced here. Jim I could not get a seconder to my motion-Mr. Wentworth express, lng at the tune the deepest condemnation of tile policy ot » letona, which we aro now about to introduce into our ova "tony. The late Government, asl say, brought a bill before the house on this matter, and although the measure may require «eme modifications mill lt is In accordance with the evsteni I have all along supported and which works so satisfactorily in the neighbouring colony. Now he admitted that on that matter the honorable gentleman was prepared with a principle, though he hud since abandoned it ; but the principle did not differ from that of the late ministry, and therefore in respect *o that matter there was no reason why they should support them. He hoped he did not do the honorable gentleman any injustice in the ?way he had made those quotations ; but those were the sentiment» uttered by him on that occasion, and in hi* ..peech at the hustings, immediately after taking; office. Now, he came to some further principles the honorable gentleman announced, on his returning thanks at the declaration of the poll, and the first thing he would notice there wa« onoto which, he wquM ben the hmm to give particular attention. Three honorable members of ihe existing government had expressed, their opinion in respect to the price of land-anil they each -were in favour of a reduction. One honorable member, in the presence of the Premier-who did not contradict bim Faid be thought the price of land should be reduced to Os. an acre. Tho COLONIAL SECRETAIÎY : It would have been di (li cult to obtain an opportunity of contradicting the honorable gentleman when he expressed that opinion. . Mr. MANNING : No doubt it was difficult at that particular time-it might not have suited his purpose. Well, the honorable and learned the Attorney-General spoke on the subject before his constituents at Hartley on the Ord September, and on that occasion he said, he thought the price of land ought to bo reduced, as much of it was not worth twenty shillings an acre. Then, at the hustings, the honorable gentleman at the head of the government said, alluding to tho honorable gentlemen opposite, Mr. Hurray, he said was to hold the office of secretary for lands and public works Ile is prepared to Ki ve Iii» entire attention and bis great energy to grappling with the Important question* that will come liefere him, anti uo doubt the public will find before long that if lie ix permitted to curry ont tbe pluus contemplated great advantage will result from bis services ia tte government. Now, tlie honorable gentleman stated what the plans were-a reduction in the price of land. It seemed to him very much ns if the honorable member at the head of the government was awure by that time w-hat wero tho plans contemplated by the honor- able member for the Southern Boroughs, in reference to the land question. Now any one hearing those opinions and reading what was said by Afr. Campbell at the hustings in Sydney, and by Mr. Martin at Hartley, could not for a moment doubt that tho reduction of the price of land was a ministerial measure. He needed not to refer to tho expressions of opinion of the other three honorable members in regard to the re- duction of tho price of land. The honorable member for Sydney, tbe honorable and learned the Attorney-General, and the honorable member for the Southern Boroughs all expressed the same opinion. Now it seemed that such was not the policy of the Government ; but that it wns only the individual opinion expressed by three out of four members of tho Government. This, however, was clear, that at tho time office was assumed by those gentlemen, they had not formed any opinion on this, particular and important subject. Then, in respect to the gold fields, tho honorable gentleman at the head of the Govern- ment, on the first occasion lauded the policy of Victoria; and praised the policy of tbe lato Government in pro- posing that it should'be adopted in this colony, but the honorable gentleman took credit to himself, because he bad anticipated the late Government in making such a proposal. This policy was to have been a miner's right at Xl per annum, and a produce duty collected either by exportation or at tho Mint, of 2s. tid. per ounce. Now, ou thc -1th September, the honorable the Colonial Secretary said : It was decided liv the late government to adopt the Victorino policy-although hitherto I wits nppotunl when I cuunwlled that policy and th« legislature were couteut thal we H lj o ul rt remain a Menoiul-ruto colony while Victuria advanced to a lirst. Xovr. the uew government will take the whole matter iuto oonsidttrfttluu, ?uni so far na tiley se« the policy of Victoria ia good they will adopt it, und, I may add, no furtJinr. Mr. COWl'KU did not think it fair to make extracts from the papers. The reporters were liable to mako a mistake. Mr. MANNING admitted the reporters were liable amidst the noise of a hustings meeting to make a rois, take ; but he found inherent grounds in the speech, and in the conduct of the ministry for believing that the report is in this particular finite correct-that that which was said was taken down. First of all the policy of Victoria lind been adopted-almost blindly adopted. Tho honorable gentleman admitted that there might bo some modification, and that modification was to charge £2 for u miner's right, and have no export duty. Tho honorable gentleman might bo right in his policy, hut he (Mr. Manning) did not think so. His opinion was decidedly opposed to that ol' the honorable gentleman. However it showed that at tho time ho assumed office he bad no decided policy on the subject although the matter had boon brought before tho public by the late government, [ and therefore ought to have engaged« their immediato attention, ns the public looked for immediate legislation in regard to it. Now, the honorable and learned thu Attomey.Generul expressed his opinion in respect to tho gold fields on tho 7th September ; after having on opportunity of hearing what was said by the honorable gentleman at the head of the government in Sydney, bo said in bis address ut Hartley Willi respect to the policy under which the gold fields shall ho regulated, sumo difference of opinion exists. TIIB diggers tliPiit selves generally, I believe, uro favourable to tho introduction of the system which »ow prevails in the «i«ter colony of Victoria. * * *The sy-tieni huta is dítlerent, und doubtless hus some defects, while there appears to be nl»o somo objections to tho svHlem in force in Victoria. Tho ministers, however, are uot wedded to uiiy bystam. It was very easy to say tuero were soma defects in one system omi some defects in another ; but nt nil events it .'?cerned, if they might trust to thoso reports, the ministry had no disiinct opinion on the Subject. He now came to the subject of education. He thought he might say that tho ministry, us such, when they took office were not prepared with nny distinct principle on that im- portant subject, and if they bud lind the good fortune to suggest-or to have suggested lo them-come plan by which the principles and prejudices of all classes would be overcome it was a matter that lind occurred sinco their ncceptniteo of office. On the ground, therefore, of great principles of nolicy of their own, the ministry wer« not justified in taking oflieo when they did. Now, with respect to ministerial arrangements the honorable member nt the bead of the government would be found np to tho very last-even the otfierevening-to have expressed nothing decesivo in regard to minis, terinl arrangements. Tho only thing they had expressed decisively, was about tho public prosecutor, which he himself (Mr. Manning) ind his colleagues brought under the notice of tho house;-und the establishment of n minister of public justice mid education. Honor- able gentlemen would remember that on the lust occasion he (Mr. Manning) addressed tho house from tiio government side, he said it was necessary there should bo some member of tho government in the upper house ; and ns it mipht be found necessary to appoint n minister of justice and education, that oflioer might be the representative of tho t'overnment in tho upper house. Now, that wns n leading feature in tho ministerial arrangement* of the new ministry ; but it was one for which they could not claim originality. The honorable tho Attorney-General, at Hartley, alluded to tho ease of destitute children. The institution for destitute children had been in a rather languishing con- dition for somo years past in consequence of the honora- ble and learned gentleman failing to bring in a bill respecting it, as he had promised. The matter had been spoken of for two or three sessions past. The honorable gentleman, therefore, in this matter was only redeeming ii personal pledge-there was no new principio in this matter. Now, on the subject of taxation. At the timo of their taking olfice, the present ministers I were not prepared to express any definite policy, but had I since screwed themselves up to prepare a financial scheme. Tho honorable and learned the Attorney Genpral said at Hartley, that he hoped the ministry would bo able to go on without any new tax. Now they had got « tax on goods in bull;, which would enable them to raise .£75,000. The honorable and learned the Attor- ney-General said r hope ive will he abie to co on. o-ithont any ne-.v tar, and 1 believe we aludí certainly be nble to do so, with, the exception ol tile expenditure for public work*. Kow, lie dill not recollect what other honorable gentle- men, member» of tho G-ovemnient, said in reference to the subject of taxation, bitt be thought that on the !Jrd September the honorable gentleman at the head of the government said something on the subject. How- ever, it seemed to bim (Mr. Manning) there was no great principle on which the present ministry were prepared with anything new; while, in respect to some matters, they avowed that they had formed no opinion-such as in the case of the gold fields-though legislation in regard to them must go forward, and required immediate attention. "With reference to the Crown lands, the honorable gentleman at the head of the government said to his electors that the government was not prepared with anything decisive on the subject, but in Iiis speech in the bouse he proposed that remission tickets should be issued for the purpose of encouraging immigration. Now, if the honoiable gentleman would recollect, he would admit that the bill tho late ministry brought before the house on this subject, contained a clause expressly with that view, and he called the particular attention of the house when he moved the first j reading of the bill, to the fact that there was provision in the bill that remission tickets on immigration should I he received in poyment of land. Now, that was the only new principle in the land scheme of the new minis- try, and it was a borrowed one. The majority of the ministry were, it seemed, in favour of a reduction of the price of land. The ministry of which he bad the honour of being a member bi ought in a bill for the purpose of continuing the old price of £1, and sale by auction. Now, though he was not one who ad- mitted that the purchasers of land would have injustice done them by the reduction in tbe price of land, yet it appeared to bim that there were great principles involved in the policy that might be adopted with respect to the sale of land. The question was not one peculiar to any of thc colonies. It was on Australasian question ; and, U did not become, ona oolony to tamper with the price of Uni 3 hut U aught ta he settled, by the combined notion of tho several colonies, Hut he went decidedly against any one, colony competing hy tho reduction of thepriceof land to attraotalarge immigration. It was a huckstering principle, and altogether unwor- thy of any government. He would not dwell on the effect that might be produced on the public credit by the reduction of the price of land ; after proceeding in their transactions on tho assumption that the upset price of land was to remain as it had been for several years past. He thought the honorable gentle- men now forming the government had lost sight of one most important matter, and that was their not taking care not to express any opinion in respect to the price of land until they had agreed on a definite plan. Now, the late raiHistry before they referred to the subject in public, discussed it among themselves and came to a decided opinion on it. They felt that to let the public suppose the price of land was to be tampered with-or was to be reduced-that its price was uncer- tain-would be a dangerous course, nnd might put a stop to the land sales, because intending purchasers would wait till such reduction took place-they felt it their duty to form their opinion and announce their policy before any one of them expressed any opinion upon it. Now. he took it that the first effect of the opinions that had been expressed by severul members as to the price of land, would be that the land sales must be stopped till it was known what was to be the policy of the government in the matter. Three honorable members bad expressed their opinions on the matter. One considered the price should be reduced to Ss. an acre, and two others that it should bo under 80s.,-and the honorable member at the head of tho government expressed himself us concurring in the opinion of the honorable member the minister of the department. Now, there was a want of statesmanship in that. (" Hear, hear, hear," by Mr. Murray.) Mr. MANNING : Tho honorable gentleman seems to bo sleepy. Mr. MURRAY : I think I have good reason to bo sleepy. (.Laughter.) Mr. MANNING : With reference to the gold fields, ho objected that the ministry had agreed on no particu- lar policy when they took office. He objected to the fact, that in the course of a few short years tho honor- able gentleman at the head of the government had shown a disposition to depart from thc line of policy on that subject which he had advocated for years,-that in the course of so short a time he had changed his mind, and proposed to do away with licenses altogether and substitute for all charges a miner's i-ightof ¿'2 perannum. Now, ho objected to this policy tu itself. He objected to the course which had been pursued, for two reasons. In the first place he saw that the honorable gentleman at the hoad of the government had said the other evening-he (Mr. Manning; was not present, and there- fore trusted to the report, although he did not quoto from it-be saw that the honorable gentleman had ex- pressed himself then to the effect that this new policy should be adopted, and all th« observation he made was, that he hoped it would be acceptable to tho c'ess of diggers. Kow, that, bc thought, was not the trne foundation of any policy. (Hear, hear.) The question was, what wa* right towards tho general body of the public-(hear, hear)-not what would please one cla«s, however much thoir views might influence tho popularity of the ministry. That, at all events, was not thc ctiume of policy which had guided bira or his col- leagues in the late administration. What he objected to still more was this. He had said before, and he enid ng'iin, that the true policy upon this subject, was that the pnltey of tho sister colonies should be alike-that there should bc n fuir field and uo favour; and not that ono colony should nutter-sell tho other by offering advantages not common to them all-(hear, hear)-a principle which he wholly repudiated. The true principle appeared to him to Ue tins-not that they should ho wedded to tho Victorian policy, hut that- if alterations took place, they should take plneo with tho concurrence of tho two colonies; and in regard to this Bubject, as well as to alterations in the tari tl', and some other measures, there should he somo means by which the two colonies should have concurrence ; so that, as far as possible, the policy of each should be alike. (Hear, hear.) He was reminded just now in reference to this question of tho gold fields, that when the honorable nm.über at the head of the govern- ment stated that ho opposed the policy of Mr. Went- worth, ho must have been under some misapprehension 1 that the policy ho opposed was the policy of A'ietoria. Th ,t policy was not tho policy of Victoria, which was a policy which had been ndopted since. (Hear, hear.) He should not, however, go further into thi subject now, ns it might come heforo the house in committee. Now, some bills had been brought for ward by tho present govern- ment-at least notice of them hud been given-which appeared to bo measures, as far as ho conceived, like those tho late ministry had proposed. For instance, with reference to municipal institutions about the country, he (Mr. Manning) saw that the honorably gen tl oman at the head ot' tho government said the Inte administration and tho ministry nt which he was tho head, agreed about them. In this particular there was no difference of policy between the two. Ho thought also thc same honorable member had stated Unit the present ministry were not ngreed ns to tho particular mode in which tho policy wus to bo carried out. Then, as regarded the recommendation of municipal institutions for the city of Sydney, a bill was prepured by the late administration. Then, thero was the one about the investment of trust moneys in public securi- ties; tbut lind also been agreed upon hythe late ministry. There was another nieusure, that for increasing the salary of the judges. Now, instructions had been given by tlie late ministry to thu parliamentary draftsmen for tbe preparation of a bill for that purpose. He ad- mitted thero was a difference in tho bill with regard to the amounts respectively proposed. In the bill proposed hy the luto ministry, it was pro- posed to give tho puisne judges .ÊiiOOO, and tho Chief Justice, .£':>,liOO ; whilst by tho bill proposed by the present ministry the puisne judges wore to have £2000, whilst the Chief Justice had 4,'löOmore. Ho did not consider, however, that this was a principle of much importance. He did not think there was a measure of importance on which the prosent ministry were agreed, when they took office, that differed materially from what had been proposed hy the late ministry ; and ho did not think that, except with regard to two measures, those relating to the gold iieldR and to tho price of land, thero liad now been nny great measures brought forward by the present ministry in which they expressod any mate- rial difference from tho measures of thc late ministry. And in the measures in which they thought they lind introduced something new, they had been grievously deceived, and had adopted tho principle of under-selling the neighbouring colonies. (Hear, hear.) A very few words now about tho bar. Ho would observo that when, on a former occasion, it was proposed that tho honorable member for tho Nortliumborland Boroughs (Mr. Nichols) should be appointed Solicitor-General, he (Mr. Munning) took objection, and bo wrote that houornblo gentle- man a note in which he st.ited it ought not to bc ; and without expressing an opinion about the right of ap- pointing nny one not a member of the bar, lie stated that it appeared tn bim that the practice of confining such appointments to the har had been established s-n long, that it ought to be -regarded as a feature in the policy of government; and that ho for one could take no part in the formation of a ministry in which this principle was disregarded. He bad taken this course with referenco to a gentleman who was one of his own colleagues, and there- fore his opposition to such appointments could not have arisen from nny personal feeling. [The honorable and learned gentleman here proceeded to refer to a conversa- tion which had taken place between himself and Mr. Campbell with reference to the appointment of n gentle- man to tho otlice of Attorney.General in the new minis- try, and which conversation Mr. Campbell had held to bnve been confidential. He (Mr. Manning) lind not considered the conversation to be confidential. Some explanations of little public interest were made, after which the honorable and learned gentleman pro ceeded.] Tho great ground of his (Mr. Manning's) objection to the assumption of office by the present ministry was, that they had done so without sufficient grounds, and not oa any principles of policy ; but on a principle of men and not measures. He thought the honorable gentleman nt the head of the present ministry had misunderstood the circumstances in which he was placed when called upon by his Excel- lency to undertake thc fonuntion of a ministry. He seemed to have thought that it was his duty to form a government ; but he (Mr. Manning) did not think the honorable gentleman was bound to do that duty. (Hear, hear.) Perhaps the honorable gentleman would allow him to remind bim that when in the course of a con- versation it had been stated that it was necessary that he should have the presunt Attorney-General in his ministry, he received for answer what was said by Napoleon to the soldier who had said, " Il faut vivre," to which Napoleon replied, " Je ne vois pas Ia nécessité." He (Mr. Manning) thought the question was whether the public interests demanded the assumption of office by the present ministry. He thought that as there was no particular difference between tbe measures of the present ministry and the last, and as they had not made up their minds on several great questions of policy, there was no necessity for that assump- tion. The honorable gentleman at the head of the present ministry might have thought, perhaps, in the words of another French sovereign, " L'état c'est moi," He (Mr, Manning) 4M not impute ta the honor-. «hie gentleman wy unworthy motives in tho course he hud taken, Hut, whether from the course ho hid just alluded to, or any other cause, tho honorable gentleman had an exaggerated idea of his being the one to form an administration ; and putting that necessity instead bf the necessities of the state, he bad formed an adminis- tration which otherwise he would not have desired. Apologising to the house for the time he had occupied, he mnst allude in conclusion to the threats which appeared to have been held out thnt a dissolution would take place in case the existing ministry should be beaten upon this reso. lution or upon any of their measures. For his own part, he had no particular desire that they should resign ; for if he (Mr. Manning) could be out of office with a conscience void of offence, he should b<i most happy to be so. But it seemed to him that they hud to learn many constitutional lessons ; and that it was necessary those lessons should be learned, and that they should pursue a course superior to that which had been pursued since the inauguration of responsible government, or otherwise res- ponsible government would be a mockery and a snare. (Hear, hear.) So that it was his opinion that if the ministry were beaten upon this motion or upon their measures, their course was to tender their resig- nation. (Hear, hear.) Tenacity of office under such cir- cumstances, supposing them to arise, was, he contended, against tho principles of the constitution. (Hear, hear.) That a dissolution should take place upon a question of this sort, when no large principles were involved, when it could not be tai I that the confidence of the people was with the presi nt ministry more than with the last, and whan there was such an equality in the measures proposed by oach,-was, it appeared to him, agtinst right constitutional principle. And in reference to this, he begged to quote from the words of the late Sir Robert Peel, on a comparatively recent occasion,-in the yea» lH4(i,-on the occasion of tho resignation of his ministry. Ho quoted from the leport of Sir Robert Peel's speech, in Hansard's Parliamentary Debates for 1N-10 : We have advised lier Majesty to accept our resignation nt once, without adopting that alternative to which we might have re. sorted, namely, recommending to the Crown the exeiciee of its prerogative, aud the dissolution of the present Parliament. I do not hesitate to avow, speaking witli a frankness that I trust will offonil no one, Unit if her Majesty's government hail failed la carrying, in all their integrity, the main measures of com- mercial policy which it was my duty to recommend,that there ls no exertion that I would not have made-no sacrifice that I would not have incurred-in order to ensure the ultimate suc- cess of those measures, or at any rate to give the country an opportunity of pronouncing its opinion on the subject. Tor such a purpose. I should havo felt justified in advising dissolution ; because I think Mi« continuance of doubt and uncertainty on such important matters, would have been a greater evil than the resort to a constitutional mode of ascertaining the opiuion nf the nation. But there has been, fortunately, no neces- sity for il dissolution of Parliament upon that ground Those who dissented most strongly from our commercial, policy, withdrew all factious aud unseemly opposition, aud, pro- testing against our measures, they have dually allowed them to pass. Thous measures having thus become the law, 1 do not feel that we should he justified, for any subordinate considerations, for the mere interests of government or party, in advising the exercise of the prerogative to which I have referred, and the dissolution of parliament. I feel vary strongly that no adminis- tration is justified in advising the exercise of that prerogative .unless there be a reasonable presumption, a strong moral conviction Indeed, that after dissolution they would be enabled to administer the affairs of the country through the support of a party sufficiently powerful to carry their measures. (" Hear, hear," from the ministerial benches.) Honor- able gentlemen opposite cheered this passage, but would they cheer the next ? I do not think a dissolution justifiable for the purpose of merely strengthening a party. (Heur, hear, from the opposition.) l'itt did so when he knew ho had the king of tho country with him. (Mr. FRANCIS HUSDF.N : " We have tho king with us-we have the Governor-Generul.") Sir Robert Peel went on to say The power of dissolution is ft great Instrument in the bands o the crown, and it would have a tendency to blunt the instrument if it were employed without grave necessity. If tho purpose were to enublo the country to itecide whether ministers had been jus. tilled in proposing tho measures of commercial policy brought forward nt tho beginning of tho session, those mea. sures having passed into a law, I do not think such a purpose alone would bc a siillicient ground for a disso- lution. There ought also to be a strang presumption that, after n new selection there would bu returned to this house a party with 'strength sufficient to enublo tho government, by their support, to curry on that system of publiu policy of which it approved. I do not mean a support founded upon mere tempo- rary sympathy, or a support founded upon concurrence in cue great question of domestic policy, however important. Wo ought not, in ruy opinion, to dissolve without a full assurance that we ehould havo tho support of a powerful party united with us by nccoidauce in general views and principles of government. In tho present state and divisions of party, und ofter all that has occurred, I do not entertain a con lldent hope that a dissolution would givo us that support. I think, too, that after the excitement that has taken place-after the stagnation of trade that ho3 necessarily followed our protracted discussions on tho Corn Laws and the 'larill', it is not an advantageous period for a dissolution, but that tho country should be allowed an interval of tranquillity and repose. We have, therefore, on these several grounds, preferred instant re- signation to the alternative of dissolution." (Hear, hear, from the opposition.) Now, he quoted this, and ho would ask tho honorable i gentlemen now forming the government to consider well before they took this courso ; for ho most unhesitatingly i expressed his opinion that there were no circumstances existing now to justify a dissolution; thero were no particular principles involved upon which it was necessary to appen 1 to tho public. He lind, he believed distinctly shown that upon the question of measures there was very littlo to choose between tho lato ministry and the present, when they took 1 office ; and what difference there was now, with regard to the alterations in the tariff, tho gold I fields policy, and tho reduction in the price of lind, he hud no doubt tho honorable gentleman at the' head of the government would abandon. At tho snme time, he must also express his conviction that tho honorable gentlemen, if they did proceed toa dissolution, would find that they did it nt their cost. (Cheers from the opposition.) He would express his clear and decided conviction that if they were to havo a general election tho honorablo gentleman at tho head of tho government would not bo so strong as he was now. (ITonr, henr, from the opposition.) Re it so, however, or not, if tito result would be to strengthen a party, that was not a ground for dissolution. It would be to ash her Majesty's representative to abuse tho pre- rogative, to call upon him to dissolve tho assembly upon such a ground ns thnt. And if he were a member of the honorable gentleman's administration, he should cjuit it the moment such a courso were advised. (Hear, hear.) He had only further to remark that ho considered the review he had token of the policy of the ministry, as enune.iated at the hustings, went to establish tho posi- tion he hud taken, nnd wont to show thnt his honorable friend the member for the Sydney Hamlets wos pretty nenrly right when he said tho Tories were bathing, and tho Whigs had stolen their clothes. (Hear, hear.)] Mr.MUItRAV: In rising to address the houso ho would endeavour, ns fur as circumstances would permit, to avoid any repetition of tho personalities which had been indulged in in tho courso of the debate, and also anything like the spirit which had been attributed to himself by two honorable members in the course of tho debate. It was well known to those who had watched his course in that house that ho was a plain-spoken mun, and accus- tomed to express his opinions boldly and freely. When- ever he had anything to say against another person ho did so openly to his face, and he defied any man to say that he lind ever (injured his character by means ef private slander. He had thus been so fortunate ns to obtain a character, in the estimation of certain members ot lenst, for having uniformly supported thoso measures ! which he thought most conducive to tho publio welfare and the best interests of the colony,-sufficient to protect him from the imputation that his course in opposing j the late ministry was to be attributed to anything like disappointment. Although he was in office, he hod i resolved that on no occasion would he take ollice for a permanency ; he would not because he had taken office j give up his country pursuits. He might in the course of timo aspire to a more elevated position in the country; but if he ever did so, his course would be that of the eagle who soars not like the reptile that crawls. (Hear, hear.) He would seek for that position openly and honourably ; he would not sneak into it by vile intrigue. (Hear, hear.) It would be too tedious a task to go through the extremely discursive discourse which had just been delivered. The burden oftbat discourse appeared to be similar to tint of the old fable, where every man brought forth his goods, each maintaining that his own were the best-the currier eon tending *' there's nothing like leather." (Laughter.) In that discourse a comparison had been drawn between everything tho present ministry had done, and what the late ministry did. But he would ask whether they had had a fair trial, whether they had had it in their power to give anything more than a slight sketch of their intentions. On a recent occasion in that house he had mRde use of strong language ; but he did so because he felt indignant, as s member of the legislature, as appointed to the commission of the peace, and as an English gentleman, that he was accused of republican- ism. Tba provocation was great, and if he answered it warmly he did so in the terms which it deserved. With regard to the measures which the honorable and learned member (Mr. Manning) had adverted to ;-at all events, so far as he could speak as a member of the cabinet and he believed he might answer for his colleagues when they had hnd the time to do so they would come forward with measures which in all probability would command, if not a majority of that house, would be approved of by a vast majority of the colonists out of doors. And if the event which some bad anticipated were to happen, if a dissolution of tbe Assembly were to follow, the return of members whose principles wore identified with the meanurei proposed by the ministers would enable them to carry those measures with t nweeping majority, (No, no, and cheers,) He had. received roany communications from gentlemen in different parta of tito country expressing their high admiration of the course which tue ministers, had taken, (Cheers.) He appealed to the publio press throughout the colony, which hud almost uniformly declared that their recent opposition had not been a factious opposition. The late ministers had assumed office by what he conceived to be an unconstitutional mode ; and in opposing them be brought author after author to bear upon the question; and even the honorable and learned gentleman (Mr. Manning) admitted the force of the argument in respect of their unconstitutionally taking office, when he stated that even their going out had satisfied tho public upon that point. They had got into office when the parliament hud not even met, and members were not even sworn in (No, no, from Mr. Donaldson) j-got in as he firmly believed by means of intrigue., Mr. DONALDSON* : The honorable member states what is not the fact. The late ministry did not take office before the houso met. Mr. MUlUiAY : Uut they wero members of the executive council before the house assembled, and had everything cut and dry for the occasion. It was against I that course his opposition bad arisen ; and he hud con* I tended that they hud no right to be iu their places, and that the Governor-General of the colony hud exceeded his powers ; and it had been since shown that he was correct, a» precisely similar views were expressed in an article in the lust number of the Edinburgh Review. The ministers possessed a majority in the house, and he waB quite prepared to give them a fair trial. There was not a singlu act which they could point to in the course he had pursued, and with propriety designate it us factious. Ho would have given them a general support, although on the land question and on the Constitution Bill be would have opposed them, and perhaps on these questions they might have had to go out. But they met with no opposition sueh as would justify their retiring from office. And he believed that the remarks he made in the house on the occasion ot' their announcing their intention of retiring from office had been fully justified by the course they had since pursued. He then stated it as evidently their wish to return again to their offices with increased strengt)),-that their resignation was n mere mock resignation. And oven the visits which had been paid by the honorable and learned member for Argyle (Mr. Plunkett) to Government House, in order seemingly to ask his Excellency " whether it was joking he was" (laughter), proved that he at least did not believe it to be true. What convinced him (Mr. Murray) of this more than anything was, the admission hy the honorable and learned mom ber for South Cumberland that Mr. Cowper was in no manner whatever justified in taking office, that he lind no party to support him, and that he had no grounds for assuming his present position ; and therefore that the proper course was,-as indeed one honorable member had suggested, for-Mr. Cowper to have invited the ministers to come back again to their offices. Even their own champion who now went through thick and thin in supporting the measure before thu house, and whose arguments be would soon have the pleasure of answering,-even he had great doubts about the resignation, and went to thu fountain-head in order to ascertain tho fact. Tho other honorable gentlemen had voluntarily taken their pre- sent position, and had no doubt considered nnd recon- sidered the coarto they should pursuo, having had a meeting at Kellet House, from which, fortunately, the invisible reporter of the Empire was not excluded. (Laughter.) Numbers of other meetings were held which we had not been able to got at,-tho result of which had been, that the present motion had been con- cocted und brought before the house, for the express purposo of damning and blasting tho character of one member of the ministry. (Hear, hear ; No, no.) He heard only two days before tho honso met, at n meeting at which some gentlemen now on the opposition benches wnro present, one of the honorable members for the Northern Districts informed him that the policy of tho opposition would be, tn raise a tierce and violent-and as it had been proved an un- manly, ungenerous, and diabolical-nttack on tho honor able and learned Attoruey-Genoral. (Heur, near, anil No, no.) Their intention was circulated the day before tho house met, and ho had sinco hcurd that their tirst scheme, but which they had abandoned, was to carry a resolution condemnatory of tho wholo ministry, lint it seemed that although the resolution which was intended to apply to tho honorable Attorney-General was so modified as to apply to the ministers generally the speech which" was concocted for tho purpose of destroying tho ministry was made uso of to destroy Mr. Martin alone. With regard to tho honorable mem- ber for Murrumbidgee (Mr. Hay), ho admitted that he had lately in the course of debato used language in speaking of that gentleman which ho was not at all justified in using (hear, hear), and he regretted thnt he had down so. He (Mr. Hay) was a gentleman of whom ho had formed a very high opinion ; he had brought to that houso a great amount of gentlemanlike bearing and ability coupled with such advantages of education ns rendered him a valuable acquisition to tho counsels ol' the country. But »ll tho abilities, nil tho good qualities he possessed would bo of no use whatever unless he had a greater amount of independence than ho had shown in tho course ho had hitherto pursued (oh, oh) ; ho had uniformly supported the lute government, and on the only occasion on which j the present administration wore attacked he was ! the attacker. The houorublo member might have been deceived in tho course ho had pursued, for he had been under tho secret intluenco which he (Mr. Murray) for one had himself seen exercised upon honorable members on the other sido of tho house. (Hear, hoar.) Ho knew this ns a fact, for tho ¿oils were attempted tn be east upon himself, but he was not ono to be taken so easily, and when he found that such intrigues were at work, and when one of the most activo of the party in concocting all these arrangements hud tho temerity to ask bim whiit part lie wus going to take,-ho tolil him that it was his intention to give his support to those mensures only which were identified with the permanent welfare of tho country, whoever might introduce them. And ho would now say, that holding as ho did, a scat in the cabinet, if any measuro should he proposed in that cabinet which he could not support, that moment he should resign. The course that had been taken hy tho honomblo mem- ber opposite (Mr. Hay) in référença to tho honorable l^ttorney-Genernl wus wholly unjustifiable. Ho stated Wiot ho had been convicted of having made a false de- claration some years since. Now the state of thu rase was this. Mr. Martin, on being elected a member of tho lato logisltttivo council, laid ti certain qualification on the table of the house, and ho had since admitted that there were many things incorrect in ir. A tribunal was appointed to enquire into its trtte na turo, but Mr. Martin objected to tho constitution of that tribunal, and never appeared, never mado any defence before it. A number of e\rparte statements were made against him ; n report was drawn up declaring his election invalid, and on Air. Mnrtin making his appear- ance in tho house the Speaker ordered thc Sergenni-at Arms to remove him. Mr. Murtin at once brought an action against the Speaker and tho S>crgeant-at-Arms and placed his case in the hands of a barrister. The counsel did not manage the case well and Mr. Martin took it up himself, and argued tho caso in court with extreme ability, and gained a verdict and damages. Now, if the honorable gentleman opposite had fairly enquired into the circumstances of the case-which he was bound to do by every consideration which one honorable member ought to have for another,-he would have been more cautious in bringing forward the charge. When ho heard the honorable gentleman speak on tho occasion, the course he pursued involved so great a departuro from the uses of civilized life, that he ( Mr. Murray) could compare it to nothing than the torture the Red Indian was in tho habit of inflicting on his cap- tive at the stake. (Laughter.) But when tito opposition had found all their acts to recoil upon themselves when they found the honorable and learned member they had attacked could so well defend himself, and that the feeling of the house and the country was in his favonr- then it wns that they changad their tactics and had recourso to the cowardly expedient of moving tho adjournment. Mr. MACLEAY denied the position of the honorable . member. Mr. MURRAY said the first thing that was done on the house meeting tho next day was for the honorable member for the Sydney Hamlets Mr. DONALDSON had distinctly stated in the opening lines of his speech that he would not, and had never intended to allow himself to be drawn into a discussion on the character of tho Attorney-General, to tho neglect of the main question. Mr. MURRAY said it did not much matter what the honorable gentleman had said. It was apparent to him and he believed to the house that the opposition hud changed their tactics. (Hear, hear, hear.) Mr. DARVALL objected to the assumptions of the honorable member. He was making statements which he was not in a position to prove. The honorable member was gauging other men by himself. (Hear, and confusion.) Mr. NICHOLS called on the Speaker to preserve order. If the honorable member were allowed to throw out these personal imputations, the consequence would be that the place would be turned into a bear garden. So fitr as he (Mr. Nichols) was concerned, be was not a " mere tyro," and wa« not to be intimidated by thc honorable member. Mr, MURrUY had regretted having used that woiitv M tyro," in doing so, he Ua,d no intention whatever of attempting to deter young members from taking part in the debate, I Mr. NICHOLS was not aware tho honorable gentle- man had expressed any regret on the subject, or ho should not have mentioned it. Several honorable members having offered a few words on this point of order, and Mr. NICHOLS press- ing for the derision of the chair. The SPEAKER said, the duty of his position, as ho understood it, was to keep order in particular ; but it was no less the duty of every honorable member to do all ' he could for the attainment of thc samo end. Mr. PARKES said, the honorable member for tho Hamlets had, in the speech he had delivered on tho previous day, said the present ministry had grasped power for their own selfish objects. He could not con- ceive of a mere unparliamentary expression than that. Mr. NICHOLS said, except the remark of tho Attor- ney-General, that anyone who ventured to oppose him. . should be exposed both publicly and privately. The SPEAKER suggested that the best plan to adopt would be for every honorable member to keep order himself. (Hear, hear, and loud laughter.) Mr. MUItltAY said the honorable member for the Sydney Hamlets had used expressions quite us oU'cnsivo aa any which had fallen from him. Mr.* DONALDSON wished to know what expressions ? Mr. MURKAY said the honorable gentleman had com- pared the Colonial Secretary to a sleek cat, tho Colonial ' Trensurer to a magpie, the Attorney-General to a rat, and himself ("Mr. Murray) to a solemn owl. (Loud ' laught r.ï Mr. DONALDSON denied that ho had instituted tho comparison. He had expressly guarded himself by say- ing that he did not draw any analogy between "full bellies and full salaries." If tho honorable member had ever been in Trul'algar-snuare, he would know that the cat, the magpie, the rat, and the owl, were pro- minent objects in the cage. Mr. MURRAY said the imputation was as clear as possible. He begged, however, to tell the honorable gentleman, that the members of the present government cared as little for the emoluments of oQiee as their predecessors, f Cheers.) As ho had before said, it was not his inten- tion to remain in office longer than might be necessary . to enable his honorable friend to bring forward some great scheme of policy. He would not giro up his country pursuits just now for anything the country could give bim. The time might come, however, when hu could do so. (Hear, hear.) The honoruble gentle- man had referred to the differences of opinion existing between certain members of the new administration, and bad alluded to the Colonial Treasurer and himself sitting side by side after some remarks ho ( Mr. Murray) was said to have made about bunk directors. Now, hu (Mr. Murray) denied that he had used the observation attributed to him by the honorable member. Mr. DONALDSON : .' I heard you." Mr. MURRAY said, the remarks were simply to tho effect, that tho colonial banks should be encouraged in preference to those of comparative foreigners. Tho honorable gentleman's colleague (Mr. Holt), bad him- self acted on the same principle. Mr. HOLT rose to order. His proposal wasto-negotiate loans so as to obtain interest on (tho balances.. No - chandu whatever was made between tho colonial and .' English banks, and ho believed tho present Colonial ' Treasurer could bear him out in that statement; Mr. CAMPRELL : Being appealed to by tho honor- - «hie member, lie begged to state that tho lodgment* of <. tho publia money used to be put in other banks besides . those of the colony ; and that there was a letter written > by tho Chairman of the Bank of Australasia to the then . Colonial Treasurer, complaining of the fact, and tho answer was that the ministry bad only time to got checks drawn up for those establishments, and that as soon as - possible other checks would be drawn out for English banks. Hut that was not done. Mr. HOLT rose to make further explauation. Mr. MURRAY rose to order. Mr. JUNES complained of the interruptions of honor- able members on the opposite sido of the house. Ho - thought they were most unseemly and ought not to bo . allowed. Mr. DONALDSON : Tho honorablo gentleman ought-, to have been more cautions in tho statements ho mado than to have said the deposits were withdrawn. Tho . deposits were never made, and could not, therefore,. . have boen withdrawn. The cheques wero not drawn up. Mr. MURRAY : Tho fact at all events scorned to bo that at the particular time referred to mutters wero just as he had represented them to be,-that cheques were . presented by tho chairman of tho denominational board of education, Mr. Cowper, and by Mr. Plunkett, tho . . chairman of tho national board, nml thoso cheques were dishonoured. He could not nllow himself to bo so far misrepresented as that he had snid he would not walk on tho .«nine side of the street with a bank director, or would not offer the hand of fellowship to a gentleman - because he was a bank director. Now, what ho said at that particular time, which was several years ngo, was - this-and it was to be borne in mind that nt that peiiod rnuch excitement prevailed amongst tho public respect- ing tho failure of tho Bank of Australia. Some colonists .? were brought to ruin by tho losses they sustained on that occasion. At that time ho suggested it would be proper to put their money in colonial banks instead of the English banks ; and he said, that when ho saw ono of the officers of tho 13anl; of Australia ho felt inclined to go to tho other side of the street. Honorable members would seo there was a difforonce between what he said and what was attributed to him. The honorable gentleman must hnvo been seeking for something to duinnge tho character of ministers when he went so far buck for that charge against him. Now,, th* honorable member said that a good ministry would be ono on whoso measures both parties might agree. For his own parue was utterly impossible ho couldonterinto neoalition with any distinct party. The contest between different pnrties in this colony must be on principles, and when gentlemen idcnlilicd themselves willi great principles of policy, it would be impossible for them to compromise their views without sori ously damaging themselves. In tho mntter of the waste lands or the constitution, ho would mnko no compromise from his views-ho would no: depart from them, but would maintain them to the last ; and if there woro n party so rtrong ns to put him in office or keep him in otlice he would do what ho oould to support his opinions on those points. Hut, whoever the gentlemen might bo lie would not ngreo to a compromise; nor did ho believe his colleagues would do so. They trusted they would bo able to identify themselves with great principios by which they could stand or fall ; and tho time was coming when their principles would bo camed out for tho welfare of tho country ; becauso Vhf y would be supported bj' tho«-:e out of doors. He regrotlei the honorable gentleman had committed n compromis j of that kind. The position he had been placed in hud been obtained by an abandonment of some of those great principles. (" No," " no.") Tho honorable gen- tleman deserted the party ho worked with ; but bo ( Mr. Murray) still adhered to tho policy ho always held when opposed to the honorable gentlcniun. But tho honorable gentlemun had left those honorable mem- bers he hod always been associated with and mme over to those to whnm, formerly, ho lind lieen the strongesi opponent ; nnd he believed tho honorable gentleman had tlamnged his position materially thereby. Tho honorable member fur the .South Kiding had stated that' theirpolicy was ubsurd-that they lind nothing so good to offer the country as he nnd his colleague had. If not, tbey.did not, nt nil events, commence their administra- tion by having their portraits taken-(laughter)-and exhibited. Tlipy had no desire to show tho country tho expressions of their countenances-and how liku some of them were to th« grandees in the mother country. (Laughter.) ile had heard: naturalists declare that animal lifo could * not esist in this country in the sumo perfection ns in . the mother-country ; and he thought these who enter- tained thnt opinion would be confirmed in their opinion-, by what they saw of the first ministry-for he believed copies were now half across the sons to England. (Laughter.) Mr. NICHOLS : Yon have got thc handsomest man - on your side, t Laushter.) Mr. MURRAY: The honorable member for Argyle . alluded to some remarks that fell from him respecting tho ? appointment of Attorney-General. The hoiiornhln mem- ber expressed his astonishment nt his (Mr. Murray's) . declaring thnt according to his notions it wns competent . for the Queen to have appointed him (Mr. Murray.) to - the otlice. In consequence of his having made that assertion the honorable und learned member doubted« whether he (Mr. Murray) was n proper person to hold n position in any ministry. Now he never had the pre- sumption to sny that he was himself a proper person fur . the office. He merely said that the Queen, if she chos->, might appoint him to the office. Thus the honorable nnd learned gentleman (Mr. Plunkett) nnd those other. barristers who had joined in ttie protest against Mr. Martin's appointment, had shown themselves to be inferior in the knowledge nf the law to some laymen in that house. lint if her Majesty did appoint him to the oUice> of Attorney- General be supposed he should be animated by a desire to discharge his duty as honourably as he ; and in three weeks might innker himself as well Mquainted with the law as the honor «feta awl learned gentleman-which, aoqording to some wrtúorities, would not be doing «won, for he had heard soma geptlenw» question the soundness oí the honor, able and learned gentleman's legal opinions on some occasions. But he would now contest another point in the speech of the honorable and learned gentleman. He denied that the English bar had been the best shield and barrier against tyranny. Now, some of the greatest tyrants in English history had been those who held the office of attorney-general, and had been the tools through- out Ufe of bad governments, who lent themselves to destroy life. Those who destroyed the liberty of the honorable gentleman's country were those who adopted a course the reverse of what he had taken. Mr. PLUNKETT: His argument was, that the bar aa a body-the order of barristers-were the best oppo- nents of tyranny. Mr. MURRAY knew nothing in the history of England which justified the assertion that the bar as a body was the greatest obstacle to tyranny ; but on the contrury,numbers of gentlemen, holding the posi- tion of barristers, bad been the instruments of the black- est tyranny. He would allude to the case of Coke, when he was attorney-general, in prosecuting Sir Walter Raleigh. What was the honorable gentleman's opinion of that? The honorable gentleman's high feeling and liberal spirit would revolt against the bruta- lity of that man. And lo years afterwards who was it asked that the sentence against Sir Walter Haleigh might be carried into execution-who but the attorney-general. Who was it, in the time of Charles H., sought to destroy the charter of the city of London but the attorney-general of the day. (Hear, hear.) Who was it in Ireland that inflicted such evils on that country in 17H8, they would see from the extract which he would read to them from the Memoirs of Curran : The soldier having done his own work, and that of the nssassiu and brigand, loo, the civilian began to labour. Tho General's sword yielded to the bow- string of the Attorney-General. Courts martial hanged those tukeu iu battle; and now courts-civil slaughtered the prisoners. In tbe case of tbe four men who bad been innocently sent to this country- through whose instrumentality bad these innocent men been sacrificed he alluded to the case of Muir, Palmer and others. He would read the following eloquent passuge to show whnt was done by the law ° To what other cause oan you asoribe what in my mind is still more astonishing, iu auoli a country as Scotland-a uution cast in the happy medium between the spiritless acquiescence of sub- missive poverty und the sturdy credulity of pampered wealth_ cool and Ardent-adventurous and persevering-winging her eagle flight against the blaze of every sciouce, with »ii eye that never thinks, tind a wing thnt never tires; crowned, as she is, with the spoils Of every al t, aud decked with the wreath of every muse, from the deep nud sorntiuizlng researches of her "Hume,'' to the sweet and simple, but «ot less sublime and puthctlo, morality of her Burua j-how, from the bosom ai a country like that/genius, and character, and talents, should be banished to a distant barbarous soil, condemned to pine uuder.the horrid com- munion of vulgar vice aud base-boru profligacy for twice the period that ordinary'calculation fixes to the continuance of haman life? He defied tue honorable* member for Argyle to adduce* a' single instance in which the bar of England took any par tin tho .great public movements. It had been'said'that the bar "(lid riot discharge their functions for emolument but were content with the honorarium of doing nov-Dut he (Mr. Hurray) could adduce an instance where a barrister would not defend Palmer unless he got JL'1000-a man-who' never returned the fees in cases which be was not able to undertake, although he wus .always ready to undertake the casos. (Laughter.) Not- withstanding, however, he was quite ' willing to admit that that class hud also produced some of the greatest ornaments of society. (Hear, hear.) He for one had disregarded the claims of the bar in the late ministerial arrangements ; choosing to break through those distinctions rather than lose the services of a man like the present Attorney. General, who was a sound lawyer and a man of distinguisheil ability. He denied that tho course which had been followed by his honorable friend at the head of the government would be the means of making res- ponsible government a mockery, a delusion, and n snare. Ho denied, also, that the honorable member's conclusions were correct with regard to there being less check upon the attorney-general than upon .any other law officer of the Crown ; he denied that it was in the power of tho attorney-general to put any man upon his triul without having some reasonable ground for doing so ; in fuct, he could do no more tima .any magistrate can who exercises a sound discretion in the commitment of any one. "Where then was the dan- ger to the State from the present appointment to that office. Why when a roan was put upon his trial by the attoruey.generul, were not the public watching the proceedings ? How, therefore, could he exercise the unlimited power which had been said to belong to him by the honorable member for Argyle. Were there not the judges watching him 1 How, therefore, could danger to tba country result trom suoli aa appoint ment. It was bis opinion that tho appoint- ment was n safe one, and that it had been entrusted to the right man, and what gave an additional guarantee that his honorable and learned friend would discharge his duties fearlessly and uprightly was thut he had .always borne an unsullied character in private life ; hu had always been a mnrlced man, and had struggled against the greatest possible opposition. It was useless now to go back to circumstances which had transpired years ago ; since it was his opinion that the appointment was ?a good one, And the honorable and learned gentleman would maintain the honour and dignity of that position -and would be ^identified with the progress of the country. With regard to the honorable and learned gentleman'« qualification for the office he would mention that he (Mr. Murray) had heard of a judge, n member of the bar, who hud been appointed to >it on the judicial tribunal in Van Diemen's Lund, but was so drunken and profligate, that the governor of thut colony would not ?suffer him to fill the office. He (Mr. Murray) denied that they wero at all bound to make a selection from the bar, and that they hail made a good selection the coun- try would prove. (Hear, hear.) The honorable und learned member for the South Biding of Cumberland had strongly deprecated a dissolution of the house. He (Mr. Murray) believed that a dissolution must be resorted to, sooner or later, since tho parties in that house were so nicely balanced that it would be impossible to carry on the government of the country without a working majority. The true test of the principles of tho ministry would be an appeal to the country, and he for one had no fear for the issue in the event of such nn appeal. He, however, would be guided by the opinions of his colleagues in the matter ; but so far as his own wish was concerned he was in favour of a dissolution ns soon as possible, and he believed the great body of the people would vindicate the policy of the ministry at the next general .election. "With regard to tho cards of invitation, it ap- peared to him (Mr. Murray) that so far as the matter went privately it was of little importance to the house ; ?but when they heard such terrible condemnation dealt; out against tbe honorable and learned Attorney-General they of course, were anxious, to he put m possession of the ciicumstunces of thu case. He himself knew that it was the case, for he remem <ber<*d some some time ago, in company with the honor- able member for West Camden, who he believed was the bearer of the invitation to him (Mr. MACARTHUR: "NO, no")-being at the house of Mr. Martin, where they dined together. He did not exactly recollect when, but they did dine at his house on some public occasion ; and he remembered that when they left the house, he (Mr. Macarthur) »poko of renewing bis visit. AVas it right that on a party question like this before the house, thut, in order to get him (Mr. Mar- tin) out, those personal matters should be touched and abuse heaped upon bim. (Hear, hear.) Ha was sure that uil that had been said nf him in that house hud bad the effect of raising him in tho opinion of the publia at large. (Cheer«, and counter cheers.) Now, a grunt deul bud been said us to bin ( Mr. Murray's) views on the land question. Of course, the opinions or ?conclusions which thu present ministry had arrived ar, would-if they remained in office-nppear in a few days. But he himself bad maintained certain .opinions.on the land question for a period of thirteen or fourteen years past. Ho defied any person in tho house to show that when that question had been brought beforo them, he hud «ver wavered in his opinion, or di tiered in the slightest degree. The honorable member for Parramatta (Mr. Parker) bad said it was a peculiar crotchet of his (Mr. ; Murray) ; but his views had been participated in by : some of the greatest and ablest men who had been in that house. He had worked hand in hand with Mr. "Lowe; and be trusted that be should always be able to have a bund in this matter. One of the greatest considerations, and tho most impor- tant to the colony, was to people the country. He maintained the opinion time there should be a system adopted by which cvory man might obtain a lana. (Hear, heal4, from all sides). One of their «¿reatest olyjects should be to induce different classes of -immigrants to come and settle in the colony. (Hear, hear.) Where mts tho opportunity now ? At all oventB, numbers of men engaged in "the service of the army and navy would bo discharged before long. Where could they Und men of better chnracter than ¡ those who have btea in the service of their, ?country ? . and, many of them perhaps men i who had signalised themselves. Their population j had been doubled, if not trebled, within the last eighteen years. About fifteen years ago-within five years, end- ing 18*11)-no less than half a million of acres of lund .were sold. Within tit-? last fonrtocu years there bad been, notwithstanding tba gold discovery, the increase of the population of the country, nnd the increase! #neau; ut the commaad of the people, only US,0U0 aeres of land disposed of, In the year 1830 alone, the quantity sold waa 380,040 acres, Now that showed thai «rt ali events the «eWeroent pf the country did not keep pace with the increase of the population and commerce. And. again they were going headlong into debt; all the debt of the country at this moment was -t'80,000. To carry on for the next year they would require £12,000. In three years, the debt of the country would amount to three millions. If they went on at the same rate, in five years they would be five millions in debt, and the country would eventu- ally be overwhelmed in debt. "Without stating what the policy of the government would he-they bad not been able, on account of the elections, to complete their arrangements-he would refer to the fact that in the nineteen old counties of the colony, were contained nineteen million acres of land unsold. If the price we re-reduced to anything like a fair price, they would have, at all events, a half million of acres bought before twelve months were past. The sub- ject was one of great importance. But be confessed he bad had no faith in the course intended to be pursued by tbs late ministry ; there bad been nothing in the bill put before the house. They (the present ministry) would make some improvement in their system. He thought that in a short time they would show the honorable member for Parramatta (Mr. Parker) that the public credit would be in a better position than ever before. With whatever policy or government he was connected, he should never make any compromise of his own views. He had certain opinions with regard to the land regula- tions of the colony ; with regard to the taxation of the j colony ; and with regard to the alterations in the New Constitution. Mr. NICHOLS : What are they ? Mr, MURRAY : He would never ? depart in no way whatever from the course which he thought was a correct one. With the great exp6rience'of the Colonial Secretary, and with the sound views of his honorable «olleagues, if they had the lime-which he thought they would not have-to carry on and get' the confidence of the country- ' ' ' Mr. DARVALL : If the honorable member was desir- ous that his views should go before the country ho might take this opportunity of explaining them. They (the opposition) were prepared to support them, if tho-u measures were of a character ' to merit their support. (Hear, hear, and cries of" Question.1'¡r ?'. Mr. MURRAY : They had given' notice Of the intro- duction of a number of bills ; but the motion before the house deprived them of the . opportunity of doing' that which the honorable member (Mr.-Darvall) asked them to do. Those honorable gentlemen opposite were acting in reality upon '.. what he had no hesitation in terming a factious .opposition. (Hear, hear, from the ministerial benches.) He suw, as .clearly as it was possible for any man to see a coming event, that the time had come when all the old institutions in reference to the government of the country would be exploded ; when the people must virtually,' if not in name, be the governors of the country. He wished to identify himself-if he had the opportunity-with some of those questions ; bnt be thought it was impossible, under tho circumstances, having a resolution of this nature brought before the house-to enter upon a development of any policy. But they had been met by factious opposition. (Hear, hear.) Apart from nil other considerations, as a colonist, bringing up his family-as one intending never to quit this country, which was his home, and should be his home as long as he had life-he asked for no revolution in the country, nor would , he wish to see any falling ott' from that aile glance which they owed to . the mother country. But he wished to see some great change in the government of the country, that its affairs might be faithfully and prosperously conducted. He did not fear but that he was able to take his share in conducting that government; and if he should be permitted to do so, he had the honorable the Attorney-General associated with him in it ; ho believed there was no man in the country more capable than him (the Attorney- General) of dealing in a most statesmanlike manner with nil affairs connected with the government of the country, (Hear, hear.) It was not essential that he should say anything of the high abilities of that gentleman. When Mr. Wentworth, who was the idol of many honorable members on the other side of the house, wus leaving the colony, he (Mr. Murray) asked him who, in his opinion, would take his place in the legislature. Mr. Wentworth-who, he repeated was the very idol of his own party-pointed to Mr. Martin as the only man who could take his place, or nt all likely to succeed him as a leading man in the affairs of the country. (Hear, henr.) The time would come when the Hays, the Macleays, the Mannings, and the Macarthurs, and when-if ho must uso the name though he could hardly use the plural-the Murrays had all passed away and were forgotten, Mr. Martin's name would live and be respected in this country. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MACARTHUR then spoke at considerable length in support of the resolution, and condemned the course the ministers lind tnken, and more particularly in tho appointment of the Attorney-Ocneral. He was followed by Mr. PARKES who opposed the motion, and vindicated the action of Mr. Cowper in his acceptance of office, as constitution!!1, and declared that the unanimous feoling of the country was in favour of him and his ministry. Mr. WILLIAM MACLEAY then moved tho adjourn, ment of the house till 3 o'clock on Tuesday, and was supported by Mr. DARVALL, Mr. MANNING, and Mr. NICHOLS. An animated discussion ensued on points of order, and upon the necessity of finishing the debate, to allow the business of the country to be proceeded with. Ultimately tho House divided upon tho motion for adjournment with the following results-Ayes 25 Noes 23. Ayes, S3. Noes, S3. Mr. Brenan Mr. F. T. Rusden Mr. Egan Mr. Marks Mr.Thompson Mr. Wilshire Mr. Hargrave Mr. Oxley Mr. Darker Mr. Martin Mr. Pye Mr. Oakes Mr. Hay Mr. Jamison Mr. Suttor Mr. Campbell Mr. Parker Mr. Forster Mr. Darvall Mr. Arnold Mr. Buckley Mr. Piddington Mr. Lee Mr. Osborne Mr. Sandeman Mr. Murray Mr. Plunkett Mr. Scott Mr. Laug Mr. Flood Mr. Howman Mr. Cowper Mr. Hely Mr. Parked Mr. Macarthur Mr. Jones Mr. Holt Mr. Weekes Mr. Garland Mr. Itlchanison Mr. G. Macleay Mr. T. G. Rusden Mr. Manning Mr. ltobertson lTJI"" Mr.Donaldson Mr. Gordon J 1«Uere* Sir. W. Macleay 1 fallers Mr. Nichols / lellen AUSTRALL4N TRUST COMPANY'S BILL, i Mr. BARKER to move-1. That the Australian Trust I Company's Bill be referred for the consideration and report of a Select Committee. 2. That such committee consist of Mr. Nichols, Mr. Jones, Mr. Gordon, Mr. Har- grave, Mr. Hay, Mr. Osborne, and the mover. The motion being seconded, was then put and passed. The Xotices of Motion and Orders of tho Day on the business paper were then nil postponed. The House adjourned at 20 minutes to 1 o'clock, till Tuesday next at 3 o'clock with the understanding that the debate should take precedence of all other business. 