Cjje Jitgister. AI»::L.V!i-:': TUESDAT, DECEHBKR 30, 1S50. OPENING OF THE GAWLER TOWN RAILWAY. Yesterday morning, a special train, con taining between 400 and 500 ladies and ecntlemen, including a large proportion of the most influential colonists, left the Adelaide Railway Station on an experimental trip to Salisbury. The journey was performed with great comfort and safety, at an average speed ofabout twenty- five miles an hour, no deten tion occurring, except for a few minutes at the Dry Croak Station. On arriving at Salisbury, tha township wa3 found to be literally enve loped in bunting, suspended from every prac ticable point, whist the whole population, evidently reinforced by many persons from surrounding localities, were gathered in masses about the Station. The goods shed, hung inside and outside with the flags of all nations, liad been fitted up a3 a temporary refreshment room, and afforded to some 300 or 350 persons excellent accommodation for par taking of a capital luncheon, for which the unusually keen breeze of the morn in' had doubtless awakened a suitable appetite. The repast being ended, the speeches began, and the several toasts were arranged with immediate reference to the object of the gathering. It may be thought by some that the various speakers painted the advantages of railways couleur de rose, and that in their en thusiasm for locomotion all difficulties were gallantly overlooked. To some extent it wa3 so ; but excuses may, under the circumstances, be charitably made. So far as the Crawler Town Railway is completed, no doubt it has Kun «lr- in aiih«r:int,iillr PtVWOUlieallv. and rapidly ; and although we may not at present achieve anything very great in the shape of returns, yet there is every reason to believe that when the line is earned out to its present assigned limits, a largo amount of the northern traffic will be brought by its means into Adelaide. It will be ob.-erved, in our report of the meeting published in another column, that several of the speakers gave great prominence to the necessity ex isting for carrying out a railway system to the north, the Chief Secretary leading the way by the assertion, that 'the colony of South. Australia was northward of Adelaide.' In the course of his speech the hon. gentleman addressed himself with much energy to the demolition of an anument founded upon the consumption of com by horses as a reason m favour of tramways over railways. But we do not remember having heard such an argument advanced, in any direct form, as an argument against locomotives, although it may have been said that if, on other and distinct grounds, horse traction lines were found most desirable, it would bo a collateral advantage that farmers could grow provender foi* the horses. As an objection formally brought forward against railways, we have certainly never heard it propounded; and we cannot help thinking that the Chief Secretary, on the occasion referred to, was raising a ghost for the mere pleasure of laying him. The desirableness of having m2an3 for the cheap conveyance of wheat to market is al ways a manifest proposition; but with the low nriccs now rulins in the Adelaide market, the absolute necessity of cheap carriage must force itself irresistibly upon the agricultural mind. Unless farmers can, at a small cost, get their produce conveyed to market, it will ba altogether useless for them to think of making a profit by wheat-growing. We refer, of course, to those who live at considerable distances, as from all such remote growers the cost of carriage must take away all hope of profit, with wheat at us. per bushel. But if grain can be carried a distance of fifty miles or more for 6J. a bushel bv rail, low prices will be no longer the terror they have formerly been to agriculturists in the outside districts. Tho meeting at Salisbury was characterized bv some little deviations from the routine wencral'y observable on such occasions. Mr. Justice Boothby availed nimseit oi tne oppor tunity of denouncing the clause in the Consti tution Act which prohibits Judges from sitting in Parliament, and took occasion to state that a Judg?, of all other men, was most fitted for a legislative position, and that he, per sonally, had always hoped to become a mem ber of the Legislature in this province. We scarcelv like to discuss this juestion in con nection Wltn tne convivialities ui a runway luncheon, although if we were, .in this place, to comment upon the observations of the learned Judge, our remarks could scarcely be more out of order than wa3 his own refe rence to the question. Mr. Boothby contrasts the rule which declares a Judge ineligible to sit in Parliament with the permission accorded by law to a man who has just served his term Df transportation to be returned at a represen tative of the people. But there must surely 03 a 'Teat fallacy in this method of reasoning. Because a formerly -convicted felon may sit in Parliament and a Judge may not, we are not to understand that the Legislature consi aaml tho, .Turltre to be Ies3 qualified, either mentally or niorauy, lor me siiuauuu. xuc exclusion of tho Judge is enacted in order that in the administration of the law he might be heldfree from theimputation of political or party bias. A Returning Officer may not vote at an election, but it is not because the Legislature regards him as personally unfit or unworthy to exercise the franchise. A J udge tills an ex alted sphere, and he ought to ba content with the sphere that he fills, without censuring the Legislature because a limit is assigned to his circle of duties and privileges. But we must apologize for having so far followed a doubtful precedent as to discuss in connection with, the n.wnW of a railway the question of a Judge's right to sit and rote in Parliament. We shall return, therefore, to the subject with, which we started, and wish succsss to the Crawler Town Railway. _^^_____— 