: GIOVANNI BOCOACOIO'. ' :t : . ; : ; t. Tnr. language: of; Italy, had reached its perfection . aB...th0:;,.laiiguage:. of poetry, beneath thq .plastic bands . of Dante qn d of Petr'ai'ch. ' As. tlie ybliiplo of prose, .its nnvif,\r was 'inatoiftlislVftfl liv' ATolnRnirih. " nnrl tlio older Villarii. Tliefo yot ivanted ono who should, give, to : tlidprosb'of 'Italy the grades of sprigbtliness and familiar freedom/ which suit not thq musb of history.. - In a word, thqqbvolist was yet ..wanting; and with'' tlie exigency of- tlio hour oamo tlio man. In thq, Tuscan . 'territories at. Oeftaldo; some: twenty. miles from Flnroneo, was/born; ; iiino .years .-later than/ Petriireli, Giovanni Boccaccio, tlio last of the noble , triiiniyirato of tho k tereento," tlie father' ' of Tuscan prose,!' lie " who formed the Tuscan's sy reii tongue." The son of a rich merchant, his iutlior destined him for "Visiting one day tlio tomb. of Virgil, the genius foci worked' upon liim— the spirit of poetry roso. -within: his breast.-. J The en thusiastic youth Icnolt at tho foltib of the /Mnntaun/ond took a vow to bid ah oternal .farewell to the beaten- -track of eomuiereu. .and to follow' the wandering: steps of the Mtfsos."'.: At. this timo Robert, King of Naples, was ono of tho greatost patrons ol- 'literature; 'and his court tho. most brilliant apd learned in' Europe. .' Its nttraetions naturally drew. young Bocoa'ceio within ita sphere, and his. love for tho Muses was still further developed, and finally fixod, by his ardent nttnehment to /tho king's natural daughter, whoih ho lias made ; celebrated under the name ofFiuuimotta. Bocoiccio, .aspiiou io uu a pooc ; no lmiiaceu - jjanto, aud, wro.tq in. ierza rinia; ho composed epics in oitava rima ; lie wrote ballads and sonnets, .yet nbne of these were) calculated to-raiso him to a position approaching that of tho two great poets whom we' have ul- ready. notieed. ! ;:His di3tanoe ' froin" Dante was. immeasurable; and he was far below Petrarch; indeed-so truly was ho sensible of this, that ho is isiiid'tb have committed his minor -poems. ' to' the' flames, on., reading Petrnrek's. It was ns the aiitlio'r of the "Oento Novcllo" that floocaecio ostabli-hcd. his great reputation: in his own times, and has retained it to tho -present.' "In this composition lurrais'ed the Italian language to a pitch of perfection before unknown., '' He-not only invented,".' says "a higlk authority, "a how stylo, hut founded, or certainly .fixed, . 'a '- iibwT; language. '/ Every Italian .scholar is acqtiiuhtod' "with the plot of the ' Decamerone." A-t the tiiiie' of. the great plague in Florence, in .134:8, , seven- . young ladies' and. three young gentlemen retired ,.to a, beautiful villa iii the neighbourhood of the city, where tliey spent ten days ; a lady was elected alter- 'liatcly queen of tlio day, and each member related daily a story. Those stories arc varied with, infinite art- ! By turns gay, tender, passionate ; with every varying -color the stylo is varied/ with exhatis'tloss power and eh arm. of. language; while the description of the plague, which serves rs tin introduction to the tales/may, says M. Sismondi, t- be ranked ivith tho iiiost eolc- .brated: historical descriptions which' have descended to ns. Do Foe afterwards gave a description ns true and as terribly life like as Boccaccio's' and ono scarcely,, less powerful has since appeared iu the "Promessi Spbsi" of 'Manzoni. That tho Decamerone" . lias faults; '.'and grave on'-s too, cannot ho denied ; that tliey aro full Ul llUI,IUtUMO OUU ULU UlllUU: 111" delicate in language and imagery, . is, to be regretted ; and' we must admit, that mora lity.. aud, religion are often' : treated with levity. Yet in judging of tho " Decame rone," or its, author, wo must not apply the same standard of criticism which wo would to ii work ov a writer of our own time. AVe miist romenibcr that .the morals of the age and the country in which lie lived were: fur- from strict; that, the court of Naples was tho most' dissolute in Italy ; and that the lady at .whoso request the-" Cento Novcllo" were written was not herself unaffected' by the depraved and light tastes: of /the court, Let it, too, be remembered that -tlio work was written wlieu ho was yet a very yottug man, and that iu after years hq not only . regretted ;its appearance,, hut "endeavoured to 'suppress: it/ ' But above all,' let .it not he '.forgotten, that lie devoted himself .with indefatigable assiduity and zeal to the pro- inutiou oi iiiernture, ami especially to tlie introduction of tlie Greek language ; and in the words of an-eloquent apologist, "he exhausted' his little patrimony in tho ac quirement of learning, and was ainqngst the ' first',' if not : tlio first, . to allure the sciences and the poetry of Groeco to Italy." Gpon-:the- whole, had tlie priests and monks, .whose immorality and not the religiou'they professed ho assailed, succeed ed in suppressing "tho " Decamerone," as they sought' £o do, posterity . would have stiffered more from 1 its loss th.m tliey can e/ver do from its errors ;- and we feel oohfi- dont,thnt, , despite of its faults/ the' brilli ancy of its style, its wit, naioetc,- and pic turesque .power, will, insure it admiring readers tis long as the Italian tongue en dures. 1 " ' ' ' '' ; It has heen observod by Donina that tire "/Decamorone'': of Boecaccia, although' less gravq . thnp the ." Divi!ia..,Conimeaia" . of Danto',.and less polished than; tlio poetry of Petrarch,' lias liovertholess done much more than bilhor of: thdni in' fixing the, Italian langtiagot1' Tlie writers of tlio sixtoonth century' never speak of ."-the "Decamerone" bat. with an enthusiasm almost religious. But setting, aido whatever of .exaggeration' there may / he in thqir praises, one cannot, avoid 'acknowledging' that in addition -, to ike skill ih; the conduct of tho whole com position, /which is ' indeed marvellous', aiid has never been equalled -/by 'any ; other writer of tales.or. novel, eithor in.Italiau or in any other tongue, ..there is ...to. ho scon: also most faithfully represented, as in some, vast galleiy, tlio niahners aiid usages of his uuuyiiijTu tlio vninawmia uuu - sonages which' aro purely his invention, but also .in a great-number of;liistorical. sketoh- os whioh are , touched with the hand of a master.- —Dublyn .Jjnmersity Magazine. ... '// : Letter ' viioii : A Frencih / SoEniEii,— Dear Parcin Is/— -Since I write, you see / 1 am not 'killed/ I' liavo" heen sliglitly mauled, for . \vhen? tny regiment 'iribuhted' to tho nssnuit I. was . in ono of tho : threo: bonipahie's that / blazed / away for upwards ; of tjvo hotirs on a 'gang of ,Ru3sians ,who ohstinatoly 'dbfeniled a mortar battery. . We. wore .till flthsy-wliilo ovor' a itiine, and did/ not know;/it.' At liist tho devils set fii'b'to the niino, and: blow us up'.- Several of us, and,I. among . tliera,: .weut up . eight feet into, tlio air, and when. we. came down again somo '200 moil found themselves up to their middle in the earth. I found myself buried under somo eight or ten toa'on on tho.lef t.shonldor, and- another on .Uio, right .:ahn,. :Yflu'; see /it!-'ikf.nqthing, since l oan do. my ; duty'/and. write )' but it will be carricft to the account .,ofo.my ser vices' in the. rogiinenfal booksV /'Well, at last wq ha'vo- taken /this Sebastopol, so desired.. ; It lias cost' u8rdbar,Vhut' i pro- miso you we liavq / paid r.off, , the /Russians well. Wo did as wo liked withtthem, and. if any one among. us, .has not killed at least his four 'men, it is because he; did not choose to do so. You should liavo seen 'how they' rail away :in ; closely -"' packed masses, and did not daio to look . behind, them. -We icnoeked'them' about with our butts, our bqyonqts, .and kicked them be- sidos, tfll we, were, so .tired that/ we' did not anew wmcu way to nave tiiem. Wo1 lmve boon down.into the town ; ' it isr hahdsome. Wo have seen the theatre,, tho bqfe,.'ahd all tlio storehouses, and /wo '.have/'/ b'oiugh't some fowls - and/ cabbages /wonderfully 0 cheap. The shops were all open, 'and /thbro were no shopkeepers, s6!/ybu 'mny//gub'ss how cheap we bought piir.. poultry. n/'This is enough for to-day ;, I yjll fell .you more in another letter. .. . Thank God for having preserved and protected . ine ! „ . I-, embrace yo'u with ail my hear't/-Your sonimsii . DARino . and ,'; besponsinilttyihow ago can unnerve a main ! - and whati nh'/vast difference: there is'//hi2tw.eeh:,q3hysicali, and moral courage /,! . ,M(inj/ who, despisedcideath and faced eyofy /dang'er;inh the.':battl'ef.field, have been known to' fan '"'aw.Tfom//rat ; they- call' that co war di ce / by/ the / ;h'amo of antipathy./ ' It is , hojy,. many, years /'ago that' a -midshipman/, oifio .qf.tlibsodareidsvil Boys whose nerves were stfuiig ' to "any danger, mounted the'CToss on the top of St. Peter's,, and. actually j. stood erect''- upon it.. A;: gust.of ;wind might have kurleaZ/him ' liOHillong to incvitablej death ; 'biit fhore'lie stood in spite of the giddy , height, and afterwards descondedj in perfect safety, leaving his handkerchief ns a record of his daring; there was 'niV pickpocket of /the church or tlie Oorso h'old enough to'/take that. This midshipman rose through the diffiront grades of the/service, ., performing many and many a. gallant actiohA/ifor few men saw more fighting, and lioiie exhiliitcd nioro courage— untill, he beeame;an.: admi- ral. The penco.had'cbanged his 'life from scenes of activity and ' 'danger to domestic quiet and a wife V: but// lie atill/y Siglietql/Fpr employment ; and at last, as" the garden of Eden, the Admiralty, had exhausted the standard fruits, this., gallant, oxcellont, kind, and barve officer acquired a command. The war broke out ; , there .wastoQ:, man llllllU IUI IYUlll| UU LUlVll U1ULC vUgwt LU IUWO the' enemy, and. in conjunction with some ships of our ally, . Wappeared off a Russian port. There lay. two: frigate's) of the / enemy, tho . fortifications were not very imposing, the place was reconnoitred, /.and it was resolved to attack it.' - Nowy eame : the necessity of moral , courage ; "tlie physical - had been beyond /doubt.// -He was the' commander-in-chief of the station/; ho might- fail ; his ships might be crippled by the batteries, or sunk, for /'anything, may /occur in war, and then our trade might have severely suffered. ; ; At ; tliis moment lie had no resolution ; lie /had neitlior the requisite courage' to face / the. danger, nor withdraw from it; 'and/'/he. committed . suicide the very night before- tlio attempt was to he made. One /would, suppose that,' , at any rate, lie would , have; made the attack; and there was plenty of/ time, if lie failed, to oom'roit the rash, Vaqf,:; if ho feared that bugbear, " responsibility.". :vnu lie is not aiono. ; many .omcers — Collingwood, for instance — as brave as a lion in tho fight, are moro afraid of "res ponsibility". than a child - of a ghost. — My '\ Travels, by Qaptain' Chamier. ;... ./ Auaqo's First Examination.— At the Polyteolinie Sqhobl, Arngo prepared him-:- self for tlie eourso of. the artillery service'.; ntid at his examination : at Toulouse, M; ' Monge, tlio/ examiner,,. .was not a- little struck at his proficiency, and. independence... Tlio antohiographor gives the following re- _ port of his first introductory, conversation m with: tlie examiner If you are going, ., to answer like your comrqde, it is usolessr( for mo to question you." Sir, my oom- .< rado knows much more than lie has shown ! // I hope to be more toriuuate than him : but /i what voti have ins't said to me micht ..well- " intimidate nie aiid deprive me of all my. ;t 'pojyqrs."; ."Timidity is; always the- exouBe-w of tho ignorant ; it is to savo yon. from tho shanio'of a defeat that I; make you tho pro posal of not examining you."-": " I know of no greater .shame than that .which you now rr inflict upon mo. VYilLybu .he'so good as to question me ? it is your .duty," " You carry yourself yery" high, sir 1 )Ve shall, seoc, , /presently wliqilier" /this/tob: "a .'legitiriiato " 'pride." , " Proceed,/ sii- ; I .waitvfor you.' ' M./Mongo then put, to 'me a ge'ometricaT question, -which I answered' in' such . a way as'to'diminish his'/ pi-ejudicesV From , this lie passed oil . to ,,a .question in-algebra/ to' " tlio resolution of a numorioal equation: ' ; I had the .work of a Lagrage-.at my fingers ,qn'dj I analysed, all , tlio, known: methods, pointing out their bdvanta/ges and defects ; U«1Y,IUII a titUkUUU, tuo UllihUUU Ui . I'QUUlTLUg series/ - the method of depression, the me- tliod of continued fractions— all were pas sed in review ; the answers had laded an 1 ' entiro liqur. : Monge). brought over now to. .. feelings ofgrcat kindness. said tome, "I could from this moment, consider the exa mination at an end. I will, however, tor my . , own plcasure)'hsk you 'two more questions, ' " AVliat/are' tlio/ relations of a curved line .to. - the' straight line- whioh is a tangont to its' ,1 looked upon this/ question as a partiohldr- . caso 'of the theory- of oooultations which If had studied in Lagrange's 'Foiietions Ana-? ' : iytiquos,' 'Finally,' said/the examiner to: uio,'" How do you determine the tension of tlio various om-ds of which a; funicular /, nwcjiina is ooinposed?" I treated this, problem according- to the method expoun ded in the ' Mo'.-anique Analytique.' It is' clear that Lagrange had supplied all the resuni-ces of my examination. I had heen 