. DAULINGHUBST NEW CHUUUH-LAHJNtr TttJü FOUNDATION STONE. The interesting ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new church at Darlinghurst took place on I Saturday Afternoon, ia presence of a large and highly respectable assembly, including the fjord Bishop of : Sydney, nearly all the city clergy, and the leading mern ; bers of tho-oily, in the Darlinghurst district, j After engaging in the usnul preliminary devotions, the stone was duly »laced and fixed, tho Bishop assist- ing, and afterwards pronouncing-"I lay this os the i foundation-and corner stone ofn church, to bo built in . this place, to bo named St. John tho Evangelist's . Church ; 'and to bo set apart for tho preaching of the i: pure Word) of God, and administration of the Sflcra ! monts according to tho order of the United Church of j, England and Ireland, in the name of tho Futhoii, and of tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost." j After engaging in prnyer, Hiä LORDSHIP then spoke as follows :-My reverend brethren, especially Mr. Allwood and Mr. Hayden,.nnd my friends of tho laity, I congratúlalo you upon this happy commencement of a work so evidently necessary for this neighbourhood, und ono fraught, as I trash and believe, with so many spirittuil blessing for this increas- ing parish of Darlinghurst. AVe have this day laid; tho first"stone of a building whian will hereafter be- dedi- cated to. tho service and worship of Almighty God-, as tho Church of the Evangelist St. John, nnd we have done this in n manner becoming so great an occasion, with prayer and praise. If in all our ways- wo aro taught to acknowledge God, if whether wo eal Gr drink we aro to study His glory, there cannot surely bo any impropriety, but much that is becoming and needful, in our acknowledgment that excopt the Lord build tho house, in vain do wo l*y the founda- tion, and in vain will any hereafter build if* We con- fess that not in our own strencth but in His. not for our own glory but for His, clo wo begin and earry on this work. If wo had only followed tho dictait» of natural reason we should have done this, but we follow tho example of holy men in oil ages. It' he does well who lays the foundation of a house for himself and his children, with such nn expression of his dependence upon God and acknowledgment of His goodness as | pruycr supposes, ho surely is much moro strongly en- gaged to suoh an act of acknowledgment whoso " end ! (in tho quaint languago of Hooker) is not tj rear up a kitchen or a parlour for Ins own use, but the building of an house for the God of Heaven." Wo give to this Church the name of St. John tho Evan ¡ gclist, as well for tho sake of distinction, ns that -we moy I keep in remembrance the love and zeal, tho faith nnd patience, tho holy life, and the glorious immortality to which his doctrine and example invite us. On this doy set npnrt, by the Church of England, for tho continual remembrance of tho disciple whom Jesus loved, giving to tho church that nama which is linked with so many hallowed associations, wo commença this work in tho hope that the blessed Gospel of St. John will always be preached within its walls-that the prayers which we neither ofl'or through him nor to him, but to the Father through the Son, will be heard and answered, and that multitudes will be led by bis cxamplo to follow tho steps of his most holy life ; to follow hi:« ns ho followed Christ. The learned Hocker, when vindicating a ceremonial of this kind, and writing in an ago when many churches had not been recently erected, says, " It cannot be laid ts many men's charge at this day living, that they have been so curious ns trouble Bishops with placing the tirst stone of churches to be built." I have not been much "troubled" (to use his phraseology) willi services of this kind sinco ray arrival, but it is curious and may he interesting to observe that this month is tho first in which I have had an engagement of this nature, and that this is the third time in tho present month that I have been so engaged. The fir&t; time was m the bush near George's Uiver, where a weatherboard building, which I assisted to commence by driving the first nail, is now rapidly approaching its completion, and will soon ho ready for tho accommodation of a body of worshippers who, for all practical purposes, had hitherto boen deprived of the ordinances of religion. The second WAS in the fertilo valley of the Hawkesbury, where, nt Pitt Town, taking the samo namo and under hippy auspices, we laid the first stone of a church, to be called St. John's, not loss necessary for the settlers in that thriving district than creditable to the zeal and energy which has raised so largo a sum for the erection of tho church. And now neither in the bush, nor in the cultivated agricultural district, but in this suburb of the pity, which is in trnth a part of tho city itself, wo are assembled for a similar purpose. In the first instance, the Church Society gave Ijr"e help ; in the second, the Government gave a grant soma years ago which will partly help to build the church, and now as is becoming and practicable the people who require the church will build it ; they for whose benefit it is intended will supply the means by which this benefit is to be conferred. And in this voluntary effort T reioice. If any one lays hold upon tins as proof that voluntary efforts can effect all that is required in religion, I reply that it by no means proves tins; but it proves this, that the reception of State aid does not paralyse the energies of members of the Church of England, and that thev can, when the occasion demands I it and the circumstances are befitting, make large and liberal volun'ary efforts. I congratulate the gentlemen whom I see around me upon their having made this begin ning; I congratulate the secretaries, Mr. Bae and Mr. Wise, and the treasurer and committee, that they have begun this church, undeterred by tho proverbial difficoW We» wfaiot« beset such an uodertakinc, uadinnayed bj the larg« «mount of money stilt required, They heyi begun well, and I have no doubt ol the result They know their pastqr and have confidence in lum; they know the liberality of the people of Sydney, and may well have confidence in them ; above all, they know that He in whose name and for whose sake they have I commenced this work will bless their undertaking, and bring it to that Fafe and happy issue which will be the best reward of their labours. That this may be vouch- safed to them is my earnest heartfelt prayer. His Lordship then bestowed his blessing on the assembly, and the proceedings terminated. A pleasing feature in the assemblage was the presence of. the boys and girls attending Darlinghurst School. The appearance of so many children showed the rapid increase in the population of the locality of late, and the necessity for an increase in the means of religious in. struch'on. The new church will consist of navo, aisles, chancel, tower, and spire at the wost end, porch on north side of chancel. The following are the dimensions :-Extreme length, ISO feet; breadth, SO feet; height to roof nave, 40 feet; height of tower and spire, 110 feet. It will furnish 700 sittings, and provision is made in tho plans for the subsequent erection of ? transepts, by which an additional 300 or 400 sittings may be obtained. The style chosen is that of the middle period of English church architecture, and judging from tho drawings and plans exhibited, the' church will,'when completed, be an ornament to the locality, and reflect credit on the architects. 