MISCELLANEOUS. Mew PotrncAti Fautt. — Although there are no external evidences of intriguing activity \- in the caaips of. the rival political parties and ; factions, the public must not b& deluded into tho belief that, tbe-lcading spirits among the contending aspirants for power are altogether idle. It is determined that Lord John Eussell and his oligarchical Followers shall be reinstated once more in office. To ensure this, the grand project in Contemplation is the fusion of the old Whig Rump with the £hilo-Russian and Manchester parties* As soon as peace is pro claimed, Lord John Eussell, Sir Janccs Graham, and Mr. Gladstone, and Messrs. Cobden and Gibson— who, by the way, have Blready betrayed : symptoms of their future concert — will act together in the advocacy of liberal measures. The rare instincts of the navigator have warned Lord John to arrange his sails^Sgainst the approaching sh'ange in the weather-. i)he introduc tion of the Education Bill disclosed skilful seamanship. He could not have made a better tack in the then uncertain state of the hori zon ; and as he always, in such emergencies, has the weather eye open, we may look for some bolder stroke when the opportunity ar rives. The Conservatives are also understood to be preparing their programmes ; the ques tion of the leadership is still, however, the great obstacle to their organization. In the present dislocated state of the party, Lord Derby, we believe, could not retain office for a day, even if he had the temerity to undertake the formation of the Ministry* The marriage of the Princess Koyal with the Prince Eoyal of Prussia having been definitively settled, Par tiarnent will be shortly asked to vote the dower of the bride. The sum, it is said, will be £70,000 per annum. Lord John Russell has frequently hitherto been the organ of making similar demands upon the Parliament, and it is considered possible that he may recover office In time to be able to make the present. The King of the Belgians still continues to draw £50,000 per annum, the dower of the beloved ind lamented Princess Charlotte of Wales. Will no member suggest that the occasion of roting a dower to the Princess Royal would be in opportunity for him to surrender magnani mously (hat which he has so long enjoyed from this* heavily-taxed country? — Morning lldverlisfy. \ Peace.— Every one repeats that peace is Made, that the Powers are in complete accord, and that the formality of signature has only i waited the presence of Prussia. A great many :ircumstances, no ioubt, corroborate this opinion ; but if it has really been thus hastily joncluded, it is a peace which must leave many important points undecided. Those points ire to bo left, we are now told, to subsequent settlement $ but if peace be proclaimed while they are left uncertain, the parties who resist mist finally triumph over those who demand. ?eaca cannot be broken when it has orlco been iroclaimed ; and against claims of justice inert -bstinacy must finally prevail. — Examiner, March 22. \- The Duke of CutimiDGE and Mb. Glad stone on the Peach. — At the Mansion House lianer, on Easter Monday, the Duke of Cam jlrige, in responding to the toast of ' The iSiH7 an(^ ^av7-' hoped and trusted, though S^K-kc without authority in the matter, that IJfl&re; now on the eve of an honourable ieacjt; but he said that, if peace were estab lished, the country ought not to irevert to [hosts limited establishments which existed Previous to the outbreak of the recent war. tie trusted, that the lesson in this respect would not be thrown away, and that they would henceforth look on the maintenance of the army and navy as one of those necessary evils without which a great empire could not possibly maintain its position in Europe. Sir S. Pakington proposed ' The health of the Lord Mayor;' remarking that the important 'duties of the ancient office were never fulfilled in a more .honourable and dignified manner than by the gentleman who then occupied the fchair. Mr. Gladstone spoke on behalf of tho House of Commons. He trusted and believed the whole country was of opinion that jlhe House of Commons had been justified in voting freely and liberally those large suni3 of money which had been required for war un dertaken with no purpose of aggrandisement, but to serve the ends of a policy of humanity and j ustice. Ha did not think he went bayond ?what the truth of the case would justify when be stated that this war, which they now trusted was happily concluded, would stand in no small degree conspicuous in history for tho purity of the motives from which it originated, for the fidelity and honour of the great alliances by which it had been carried on, and he ventured to add, also, for the rapidity with which the political and moral objects in view had been achieved. But returning peace would bring for the taxing power difficulties scarcely se condary to those of war. It would be the duty of the House of Commons (said Mr. Gladstone) to consider how the heavy burdens imposed upon the people could be wisely alleviated, to insti tute a thorough, systematic, and searching Hnvcstigrtion into the state of the public estab lishments, and to make wise, circumspect, cautious, but at the same time bold and vigor ous efforts to bring them back into the state in which they ought to be, so that during peace, whle making adequate provision for the security of the country, Parliament might be able to grant to the labouring population that relief which they had a right to expect, and at the same time, if unhappily we should lire to see ije day when it would again be necessary forTSngland to buckle on her armour and to draw the sword, her establishments might be found in a condition thoroughly fitted for the work they were expected to per form, and the heart of tho country might sot again be wounded and torn by calami ties which could not be relieved, but which it was felt might in great part have been avoided. The Moslem akd the Feank.— The great Turkish reform is to be rapidly folfowed up. ~We do hot despair of seeing Constantinople Tendered habitable by colonists from London and Paris. We shall soon hear of a metropo litan Board of eminent Turks meeting to con sider the Bosphorus drainage question, and the appointment of two-legged scavengers in lieu of dogs, and the necessity of making camels keep their own side of the way instead of walking over people. The paper lanterns which one carries at night, to avoid tumbling over the above-mentioned dogs, have had their day — a company has been formed for lighting Oriental cities with gas, and some of, its directors are on their way to Constantinople, with all sorts of credentials, and with the view of obtaining a firman which will give them an exclusive pri Tilege. A Turkish Gas Company ! How the ?old-fashioned Turks will growl as they watch ?the lamplighter bring fire out of nothing, and Tjroach their theories — for they are very Cal ?vinistic-r-that the process will be hereafter re peated upon his unbelieving soul ! A Protes tant church, too, is talked of, which, it is to be hoped, will advance faster than the. one at Alexandria. And as the Sultan, according to Mr. Leech, has learned the polka from some of ** the deep-bosomed daughters of the Frank,' and has acquired a taste for fancy balls, the Eefuge of the World and Manslayer may ere long signify his royal wish for an Oriental Alraack's, with six of the Lights of the Harem as the first ladies patronesses — vouchers to bo exchanged at the Serai Bornou. Are not we Anglo-Saxons converting the world? — Illus- trated London News. The treaty of amity and commerce between this country and the Swiss Confederation, which -was signed at Berne on the 6th September last, and ratified on -the 6th of the present month, has been issued. The articles which bear on our trade with Switzerland are the 8th, 9th, and 10th, which provide that the subjects of both countries shall be placed on the same footings regards the importation, warehous ing, transit, or exportation of any article of lawful commerce ; that neither of the contract ing parties shall impose upon any article, the produce or manufacture of the territories of the other, any other or higher duty than is or may be imposed upon the like article, the pro duce or manufacture of any other country; &nd; that any favour in -matters of commerce ?which either of the contracting parties may ?hereafter grant to any foreign power shall be also, and at the same time, extended to the other. The treaty is to remain in force for 10, yesxi from the date of ratification, and further until the expiration of 12 months from the date of notice to terminate it being given by either of the contracting parties to the others The treaty between the XJnited States and Denmark which regulates the amount of Sound dues to bo paid by American vessels will expire on the 14th of April next ; but as the United States Government has determined to prolong the obligations of the treaty until the 14th of June next, the risk of a collision which might again involve Europe in the calamities of war is thus postp-raed ; ' for it was well-known,' remarks the Times, ' that the Danish Govern ment were resolved to maintain by force rights which have exipted for so many centuries, which have been ratified by so many treaties, and on which loans contracted by Denmark in foreign countries have been solemnly gua ranteed.' The oppo 'tunity for a compromise is thus afforded. Tae last offer of Denmark was to capitalize the Sound dues (in other words to abolish them) for the sum of 35,000,000 rix- dollaru, and, as they at present produce 2,300,000 rix-dollar3 a year, she thus consented to a sacrifice of 1,000,000 rix-dollnrs annually. The whole amount now paid by American vessels is about £4,000 a year. British shipping pays £70,000 ; and the in terest of the sum which it is proposed that England should pay in the way of capitali zation would be £45,000 a year. The Times recommends this scheme for adoption, as it will secure the political freedom of Denmark, and throw open the Sound to the shipping of all nations. ' Surely,' says our coutemporary, ' this is a burden on British shipping well worthy the attention of the Board of Trade ; though its recent efforts to abolish those dues levied in our own ports do not promise much success.'* Query — Why does the Times recommend our Government to purchase the dues levied by Denmark, and to confiscate those levied by Liverpool ? On Monday night, the 17th March, at 11.45, the King of the Belgians arrived at Dover, and he and his suite slept at the Lord Warden Hotel. On the next day His Majesty proceeded to Windsor Castle, whither the Queen and the Royal Family had gone from Buckingham Palace. Baron de Manteuffel, the Prussian Plenipo tentiary, reached Paris on Monday; In a day or two, therefore, if not in a few hours, we may possibly receive the official announcement of the great fact that A definitive treaty of peace has beeft signed. A MtoTbey Explained. — People wondered at the promotions of Lords Lucan and Car digan, but perhap3 the following piece of intel ligence from the Morning Post may help to explain the matter : — ' Approaching Marriage in High Life. — We are enabled to announce that a marriage alliance is arranged,, and will shortly take place, between the Lady Lavinia Bingharn, daughter of General the Earl of Lucan, and niece of Lord Cardigan,' and the Honourable Charles Hardinge, M.P.; eldest son of Field-Marshal Viscount Hardinge.' M. Kossuth. — Walter Savage Landor has addressed to the Times a plea for M. Kossuth. He states that the illustrious exile is in strait ened circumstances, and, without having con sulted him on the subject, proposes a public subscription on his behalf, trusting that 'the most eloquent of statesmen since Demosthenes will not refuse that public tribute which ano ther o: much celebrity accepted.' The Times answers the appeal in anything but a generous fashion. Death of Sib H. Pottingeb. — The Times reports the death of Sir Henry Pottingcr, at Malta, on the 18th March, in the 67th year of his age. The deceased baronet is said to have been 31st in descent from Egbert, the first Saxon King of England. Our contemporary observes, ' we only fe;echo public opinion when we say that we seldom have had occasion to regret an officer who has rendered greater service to the Crown and the country.' The election of a member for New Ross, to supply the place of Mr. Charles Gavan Duffy, took place on Monday. The candidates who went to the poll were Sir T. N-. Redington (Whig), and Mr. Tottenham, a Derbite Con servative, The number of electors is about 330\. At 2 o'clock the poll stood thus :— Tot- tenham, 8 1 ; Redington, 65 ; and a subsequent despatch states that the Tory has been re turned* The Imperial Baby-Linen.— A letter from Rome, of ths loth March, states that the Pope was getting everything in readiness for the satisfactory performance of his share of tho ceremonials destined to salute the opening career of the infant member ef the Napoleon dynasty. A complete and magnificently adorned set of baby-clothe3, with all the re quisite apparatus suited :to tho first wants of his imperial godson, were being prepared, by the Pope's orders, with all possible dispatch ; and, after much discussion, the eminent Cardinal Patrizi, Ticar- General, has been chosen to represent the person of the Pontiff at the baptismal ceremony at Paris. It is a customary thing for the Pope to present a set of baby-linen to Catholic queens or empresses on their accouchement. The Rpgeley Poisonings.— True bills have been found at the Stafford Assizes against Wm. Palmer for the murder of Cooke, and for thtt murder of Ann Palmer. The bills Were ignored in the case of Walter Palmer. The Rugelby (Postmaster.— Samuel Che shire, the postmaster of Rugeley, was tried and convicted at the Stafford Assizes, of opening & letter addressed by Professor Taylor to Mr. Gardiner, a solicitor employed to prosecute the poisoner Palmer, the contents of which the postmaster communicated to Palmer. He was sentenced to one year's imprisonment. The Sadleir Tragedy. — The inquest upon the late Mr. Sadleir has resulted in a verdict with which no one can quarrel, but which is seldom found in these days, when almost any act of crime is held to imply a state of mind incompatible with moral responsibility. The verdict is "Felo de se." What will be the verdict upon the poor Irish woman whose hus- band "beat her to death," in his rage at the loss of some of his money sacrificed by the Sadleir operations — money which the poor creature had dissuaded him from taking out of the Tipperary Bank ? What will be the ver- dict in the case of many a heart that will be broken through the "speculation" of the devil- driven adventurer ? It is stated that one way and another the amount of ruin may be calcu- lated at little under a million. The other "speculator," Sir John D. Paul, has been before the Bankruptcy Court, and looked as "dejected" as any of the honest men whom he has sen- tenced to hard labour for the rest of their natural lives. The liabilities of the Tipperary Bank (the late Mr. Sadleir's) were recently stated by the Master of the Rolls to amount to £400,000, and the assets to only £35,000; but the Dublin Mercantile Advertiser states that in quarters likely to be well informed it is believed that the liabilities will not exceed £300,000, and that the assets may, with careful management, produce £100,000. Even this favourable estimate, however, would leave £200,000 to be made up by the shareholders, besides all the expenses of winding up, and as there is no hope of extracting so large a sum from the respon- sible parties, there is some talk of a compro- mise. The amendments to be proposed in Com mittee on Sir W. Clay's Church-rate Bill by Sir G. Grey, on behalf of the Government, have been printed. By these new clauses it 13 proposed that, on the discontinuance of a rate for five years, or at the expiration of two years after a formal refusal of the vestry to make one, the obnoxious impost will cease in that parish. Again, a conscientious objector to church-rates has only to declare, in writing that he is not a member of the Church of England, and he will be ipso facto exempt, but then he will be disqualified from voting at ves tries on any question touching church- rates. This disqualification, however, is simply a civil one, and is not to partake in any degree of a religious character. Where rates have ceased, the incumbent and churchwardens arc authorized to let such pews as the church wardens have power to assign to inhabi tants, at yearly or half-yearly rents, ac cording to a scale to be fixed by them, but to be approved by tho ordinary. Rent-charges may also be given by will to incumbents and churchwardens in trust, to defray churches now provided for by rates, notwithstanding the enactments of the Act of George II., chap. 36 (the Mortmain Act), but no rent charge or charges given to any one church must exceed £100 a year. For tho above purposes, the rector and wardens shall be a body corporate, with perpetual succession. An 'extraordinary movement in the Church ' is recorded by some of the metropolitan jour nals. It seems that several meetings have been held within the last few weeks at the rectory house of St. James's, Piccadilly, which have been attended by Lord C. A. Harvey ; Mr. T. Chambers, M.P. ; Mr. Henry Hoare, the banker ; the Rav. J. E. Kempe, rector of St. James's; the Rev. Dr. Burgess, rector of Upper Chelsea ; the Rev. Prebendary Haw kins, B.D., and other clergymen and laymen — tho object being to consider 'what inea sures it may be expedient to take for pro moting union with the Church of England on the part of Christians not at present in active communion with her.' A Committee was appointed, who directed their attention to the Wesleyans— 1st, because the Wesleyans generally disclaim the designation pf DiB I centers j 2nd, because Wesley expressed him self to the last most strongly against any separation from the Church of England ; 3rd» Because the apathy of the Cihurch Of England in the eighteenth century contributed to their estrangement; 4th, because there existed, dn the part df several Wesleyan ministers, a wish1 for Episcopal ordination; arid, 5thj because the reconciliation of so influential a body seemed to be an important first step towards general religious union. The recommendations of the Committee have been embodied in a petition to Con vocation, which will be presented at the forthcoming meeting in April. They ex press an opinion that the retention by the Wesleyans of their system of class-meetings need not be an insuperable obstacle to their union with the Church; propose that the usual probationary course shall be reduced, no longer time being required than may be neces sary to enable the Bishop to satisfy himself as to the qualifications of the candidate ; that the property and patronage of the Wesleyan body shall remain intact ; and that} if possible, the Wesleyans be induced to revert to the princi ples of their founder, by receiving the sacra ment df the Lord's Supper in the parish church only. The petition, after getting forth the advantages which would result from Wesleyan ministers receiving Episcopal ordination, calls upon both Houses to take the matter into serious consideration. It is stated that this movement has been set on foot by some well known preachers of the Wesleyan body, who desire to become ministers of the Established Church, but who are at the same time disin slined to sever their connection with their pre ?ent congregations. The Church in the Colonies.— The friends of civil and religious liberty, if they be consistent with themselves, will be glad to learn from Mr. Labouchere's statement in the House of Conmons on Thursday night, that at length the Colonial Church is to be put upon a level, in respect of its interior affairs, with the various dissenting communities existing in our colonies. It has now been decided that mem bers of the Church of England shall not be the only religious people who have no religious liberty. What is due lo every one of the Queen's subjects is now accorded to them, and they are now.as free to meet and settle where they shall build a church, and how they will support their minister,, and at what hours they 3hall have service, and how much they shall pay for sittings, and what shall terminate their minister's engagement, and what rules shall be made against scandal, and for the promotion Df discipline, and the removal of an immoral jnd unruly member, as if they were Romanists, Baptists, Wesleyan3, or Independents. The »reat wall of partition that bound down the Churchman, and let the Dissenter go free, is summarily abolished, and the diocese of Mel bourne has received tho highest authority known to the constitution to manage its own iffairs. Henceforth the Bishop can convoke bis Bynod and proceed to business. The Ghurch bas a voice — a means of action— an organiza tion — by which to carry on its usefulness;. We jhronicio this as a great fact.— Morning Post. The Dissenters' Marriage Bill.— The new Bill brought in by Mr. Pellatt, Mr. Cheet bam, and Mr. Hadfield enacts that no notice 3f marriage under the provisions of the existing Acts shall be read or published before the Poor Law Guardians, »r be transmitted to their slerks by the Registrar. Every notice of mar riage must be accompanied by a solemn decla ration by one of the parties that there is no lawful hindrance thereto. Notices of marriage without licence must be affixed in the office of the Superintendent-Registrar 21 days before the marriage; but where there is a licence no notice will be required, and in this latter case notice to the Superintendent-Registrar of one district will be sufficient. Notice of marriage without licence may be given in Ireland if one of the parties reside there. Licertces t6 mat' ry may be issued by the Registrar one day after the notice of. the entry of the marriage, with a certificate of the notice. Marriages may be solemnized in registered buddings either by a minister or without one ; in the latter case the party will declare, in presence of some Registrar of marriages, that 'he (or she) calls on all persons present to witness that he takes A.B. (or CD.) to bo his lawfully wedded wife (or husband, as the case may be)i' The giving of a notice to the SuperintendenfcRegistraf, if the marriage is td be solemnized according to the rites Of the Church of England, will supersede the necessity of publishing ' bami3 ' to all intents and purposes. The presence of .a Superintendent-Registrar at a marriage in the Register Office is to be optional, provided some District Registrar be present. If the former officer be present, he will receive a foe of 10si if there be a licence, and 5s. if there be none. The marriages of Jew3 and. Quakers may be solemnized by licence, according to the usages of the sect or persuasion. Marriages under this Act are to be ' good and cognizable.' The Act will take effect from the 1st January, 1857, and will not extend to either of the two sister kingdoms. The New Zealand Chief and the Cos verted JeWs. — Probably there never was a mow peculiarly solemnizing religious meeting held in this metropolis than on Thursday evening .last, when the 'converted New Zealand chief, ?HoaniWiremu Hipango, now as a depu tation to Her Majesty in this country, od» dressed a number of believing Hebrews at the house of the Rev. Dr. Ewald. iVorri tho time Hipango wis brought lo tiie knowledge of Christ lie felt deeply interested in the Jews. After his arrival in London he ' went in search of them, and visited tho synagogues ; but hearing there were Jews who believed in Jesu3, he greatly longed . to ice them. He was introduced to Dr. Ewald, who, in order to give Ihe chief an opportunity to speak to some believing Israelites, convened the meet ing. The room was crowded, and he was listened to by the Hebrews with intense in terest and much sympathy, when he was rela ting to them how the light of the Gospel had illuminated his mind. . After flie meeting, Hi pango begged to shake hands with every believ ing son arid daughter of Abraham present, and when he did the same with Mr. Grcvier, for merly Rabbi Grevier, and learned that he had studied at the Malta College, and was now on the eve of proceeding to Tunis as missionary to the Jews, he was much affected, and wished him the blessing of the Almighty., — Morning Herald, March 8. . Abyssinia.— The Trieste Gazette has an account of a new Ethiopian kingdom, which one Theodore, a native Christian, is founding by conquest, and in which neither slavery nor polygamy will have place. The Irish Phess. — By the orders of Arch bishop Cullen, the Nation, the Tablet, and the Weekly Telegraph hare been excluded from the reading-rooms of llie Catholic Young Men's Societr— that is, all the Roman Catholic iour nafe in Dublin, edited by Roman Catholics, have been interdicted by the Roman Catholic Archbishop. Rising Stabs. — Among young musical and theatrical artistes about to rise Oft tho horizon, we (Atheiucum) hear of a younger Miss Keely, from whom wo are bidden to expect good things. We are told, too, that a Signorina Puzzi, the daughter of the professor so long established in London, is about to appear. Covent-Gakdex Theatre.— It is proposed by the Duke of Bedford to convert the site of this edifice into a poultry market ! It appears there has been a sort of Muscovy monomania for ducks and drake3 in this directidn among the Russells for generations. They would rather hear the cackle of cocks and hens, the gobble-gobble of turkeys, the gabbling of gee3e, and the Californian shriek of Guinea-fowl, than the jag-jug of the Nightingale herself; the difference to their auriferous auriculars being this, that one is merely a note of exclamation — vox etpreterea nihil — while the other is a note of admiration — a vox that rhymes with cash box. Tho time has at last arrived for effecting this design — a consummation wrought by fire. The rebuilding of the pile is out of the ques tion; no phoenix can ever spring from that pyre ; but in its place there is to be — oh, ghost of the nincTVIuses rolled into one ! — a wholesale chicken-butcherie. Gold is the Isle of Man. — A correspon dent of the Liverpool Albion writes as follows : — ' The immense wealth which this beautiful island has developed in copper and lead mines (those of Laxey and Foxdale realizing an enor mous premium upon the original shares) has oftencalled my attention duringmy frequentgeo- logical rambles most particularly to the quartz rocLs of Greba, and strongly impressed upon my mind that those strata were rich in aurife rous deposits. I have just returned from a visit to a highly scientific friend of mine, Wm. Novell, Esq., of Fancy Cottage, German, to whom I had often communicated my impres sions, and find that he has taken the matter up most energetically, and is at the present sink ing two shafts upon Ids adjoining estates, one in the parish of Kirk German, the other in Marown. The quartz bed of both prove as auriferous as many I have examined in the Aus tralian diggings, and I am certain all this en terprising gentleman now requires is some ex perienced rriners and a powerful crushingma chine to realize his most sanguine expacta tions.' M. Cabet's Communist Colony in the United States.— The Independence Beige states that the Communist republic of Icaria, established at Nauvoo, is in a 'state* of dissblu I tionj The President, M. Cabet, is represented as meditating trcoup d'etat against the mino rity of his adherents, . who are in the habit of questioning the expediency of many of hi3 acts, and are impudent enough to dispute with him as if he were but a. common mortal like them selves, M. Cabet declares iri his official jour llal,, that ' Icaria' is, in danger iri consequence of the audacity of some ungovernable men plunged in vice ;' lie then proposes a new con^ stitution in ten articles, by which he is to be in vested with absolute authority. A Gigantic Pictuee.— A correspondent of the Daily News says that the famed German artist, Cornelius, has just completed a work which has occupied him for some years in Rome. It is a picture representing the Last Judgment, and i3 to be executed in frescoe at Berlin, in the church attached to the cemetery of the royal family of Prussia, in colossal di mensions, the total height of the composition being 98 ftbfc, arid that of the principal figures 17 feet. The artist has treated the difficult subject with great power and skill, and has introduced 128 figures in every possible variety of grouping. Without going into the endless allegorical allusions contained iri the picture, it will suffice to say that it is a noble work', and well adapted to add to the artist's already great renown. Mb. Fjlder's Reply to the CbimeaJT Com missioners.— Mr. Commissary- General Fil der's remarks on the portions' of £Ke report of Sir John M'Neil add Coldriel Tuilddti whicTi relate to the duties of the Commissariat have been laid before the House of Commons. They extend to great length, and embrace a great variety of topics and details. The fol lowing are the positions which, at the conclu Bion of his reply, Mr. Filder claims to have es tablished:— 'That although some partial defi ciencies in the established allowance of food did unfortunately take place, they were caused by no want of effort on the part of the Com missariat to prevent them, and were not of sufficient amount, a3 is, indeed, admitted by the Commissioners; to ' have any important effect on the health of the troops. That the nature o£ the food supplied to the troops in no degree depends upon Commissariat regulation, and although it, may in the present case have been a source of disease greatly to be lamented, it was ndt owing td any defect 6f practicable exertions or arrangement on my part that the injurious quality of the food was for sometime incapable of being remedied ; and also that, during the period when the troop3 were with out those articles, such as vegetables and lime juice, which might have corrected the delete t-iouseffects of thediet, the Commissariat had not been ordered to provide them ; and that, when afterwards it became the duly of .the Commis sariat to do so, the issues of both were regularly maintained as soon as the necessary arrange ments could be brought into operation. That I have never maintained) as alleged by the Com missioners, that the men when in the field were not to be supplied by the Commissariat with fuel if they were so circumstanced that they could not provide.it themselves j arid that there wdsrieitherneglect nor indisposition on my part to provide the supply, but that it was fur nished as soon as I had* the necessary orders to that effect to the full extent to which the means Df conveying it could be procured. That the measures necessary to ensure a sufficient supply of fodder for animals wera taken by me, and only failed of success through causes which it was not in my power to prevent. That, although the land transport was for 90me time inadequate to the want3 of the army, and the insufficiency; unfortunately, became a source of suffering, the failure was attributable to causes beyond my control, which could neither have been foreseen nor guarded against by me. And, finally, that however unequal may have been my ability to cope with the un precedented difficulties of my position; I did not neglect or overlook any nleans of overco ming them which were within my reach, and certainly did not allow any consideration of mere form or usage to interfere with the fullest application of those means.' The War Department has ordered that for the future all recruits proceeding to India and the colonies shall be supplied with rifles. An Admiralty circular, which has been issued, says :-^' It i3 their lordship's desire that officers of the navy should not. wear beards or moustaches oii board Her Majesty's ships. By the regulations of the service men are expected to b8 properly shaved, and it is essen tial that a good example on this point should be set by their officers.' The Moniteur of 8th March contains an imperial decree, calling out 140,000 men of the contingent of 1856, agreeably to the terms of the law of July 11. MacaUlay Burnt is Efjigy!— The Highlanders df Glenmore, in Inverness-shire, feeling aggrieved and indignant at the slan derous charges brought by Mr. Macaulay against their predecessors, in his last volume of the 'History of England,' assembled together, and, headed by a pjper playing the '.Rogue's March;' proceeded to the Black fiock, near Glenmore House, and there burnt in effigy the distinguished historian! The assembled crowd gave threo shouts of execra tion as the effigy was consuming. Macaulay, when in the Highlands, resided for a consider able time at Glenmore House. — Glasgow Daily Mail. ' King Tom' of Cobbett's tt^ister\ Dhomas Attwood-, df B^irniirignarii, conspicuous for the part he played in the stormy times of the Reform Bill, when he founded the Birmingham Political Union, ha3 passed away. Long the victim of paralysis, Mr. Attwbod died on Thursday morning, March 6, at Great Malverri; 