HOME TOPICS. FbY 01TR. LONDON* CONTRIBUTOR.! Constitutionalism. Liberty is a thrilling name and a sacred fact ! yet what so fertile in cants, pedantries, hol lowest semblances as Liberty! ' Foremostr - among the quackeries that walk abroad over tlio earth as Liberty's representatives, and juggle with their jargon the credulous ears of men, is' Constitutionalism. I11 spite of mere speculative reformers, tho mass of tlie people care nothing. and never will care, for theories of government. What the people demand from their rulers is promptitude, energy, and justice ; they are perfectly indifferent to forms ; and that indif ference is a signal proof of their wisdom. They will gaze without a murmur or a regret 011 tho downfal of the most venerable institutions; they will not lift up their hand to resist fie most flagitious usurpation, if the usurper has the courage not to look 011 the steps by which he ascended to empire,— tho courage to mako rapid resolves and effective agencies, to realise the mandates of Everlasting Right. Richard Cromwell fell so suddenly and so unregretted from a lofty position, not because the English nation was royalist, but because he wanted his father's vigor, valor, and genius. It did not take more than a generation to accustom the Romans, who had been republicans for centu ries, to the sway of Emperors, and to a-total revolution in all their political organisms and arrangements. And yet if we are to believe the babblers about Constitutionalism, there is aomo vast and mysterious influence in constitutional principles, and their application, apart entirely from tnc forces which transform at every hour a nation's existence. Edmund Burke, whom it is the fashion enor mously to overrate, botli as a thinker, and a writer, was the High-Priest of Constitution alism, and it is to his lumbering works, that the Pseudo-Liberals of our days go, when they are ambitious of playing the hocus-pocus, which has for some years in England been acccpted as statesmanship. And Constitutionalism 111 Ed mund Burke's mouth, means the minimum o reform, and the maximum of ddai/, and profuse eulogiums on the wisdom of our ancestors. But since it has been discovered that the British Constitution is simple a fiction, like the Lion and the Unicorn that support the British Crown, a glib gabble about Constitutionalism is not quite so potent as it onco was, in concealing chicanery and imbecility. Evenvmen who do not meddle much with politics, have a huge suspicion that Constitutionalism means medio crity at the head of affairs, manikin measures, incorrigible bungling, aud a weak and dilatory Executive. In our own land, Constitutionalism is on its last legs. Peel smote it under the fifth rib, by his contempt for precedents,— the gods which tlie old parties so lavishly worship, and which are dragging them down to ruin. But abroad, Constitutionalism has worked immense mischief. What but Constitutionalism has handed over Europe to the grasp of tyrants? When one country after another, roused by the downfal of Louis Philippe's throne, rushed bold. and exulting to the battle with despotism, and scattered and crushed it3 Jesuits and its Janis aries, instead of pouri ng a plenitude of life into some colossal machinery, as quick in its move ments as comprehensive in its aims, — those countries began to hunt ghosts which they were pleased to call Constitutions. This seemed to the millions who had no sympathy for systems, a most unprofitable occupation. And the Despots were brought back to put an end to tho farce. We see this at tlio present hour in Spain. England has never interfered in continental affairs except for the purpose of supporting despotism or imposing Constitutionalism upon the people. The latter, especially, is one of her crotchets, and Spain has been a favorite field for carrying out tlie experiment. But, in so far as it is imposed, it is unnatural, and has taken 110 root in the soil. The fabric is artificial, and, though the labor of years, it may be demolished in an hour. What England should do is simply to secure for each of her continental neighbors freedom for self-development ; but, instead of this, she seeks to impose a system. I see from the papers you send that Constitu tionalism is a great cry, also, at the antipodes. This is a great mistake. You are in danger of importing political _ systems aud_ instruments, just as they are beginning to be discarded here. Why should you be mere imitators i Why not secure for yourselves the conditions of a free, spontaneous, development of your own 1 I do not say that you should adopt novelties for their own sake ; but allow yourselves, at least, the chance of exhibiting a new phase of national life. Atticus. 