I ST. PAUL'S CHURCH, WEST MAITLAND', j From the Maitland Mercury of Yesterday i I THE ceremony of laying the foundation stone of this church was performed on Tuesday afternoon, by the Lord Bishop of Newcastle, the Rev. J. R. Thackeray assisting. The weather was very favourable for the outdoor portion of the proceedings, to witness and take part in which a large number of the congregation, and residents in Maitland generally, had assembled The evening service having been read by the incumbent, the Rev. J. R. Thackeray, in the temporary church, the grammar school, which was filled on the occasion, the congregation followed the Bishop and Mr. Thackeray to the site of the intended building, where the stone was slung in preparation. Some appropriate selections from Scripture were then read, and amongst the prayers offered was the collect for the conversion of St. Paul. A bottle containing copies of the Northern Times and Maitland Mercury, with the usual outline of proceedings, was next placed - in a cavity for the purpose. His lordship then went through the customary formali- ties, and on the stone being lowered into its place, said I lay this, the foundation and corner stone of a church, to be called the Church of St. Paul's and to be dedicated to the service of the Catholic faith, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." After a short prayer for the Divine blessing on the undertaking, the Bishop proceeded to offer a few words . of course in reference to the carrying out of the work begun that day. It was the teaching of Scripture, he said, that our duty was to pray that the blessing of God might attend such works at the beginning, during their progress, and bringing them to a happy completion, to render them blessings to those around. The work then commenced, was, indeed, one that required the aid of God's Holy Spirit." It was a great work, and a work of necessity. Those who had for years past resided in Mint land, and had been attendants at St. Mary's Church, must have been painfully sensible how necessary it was and now that the advantage of a temporary church in the grammar school had been felt, and a congregation had been collected there, the necessity of new accommodation was still more clearly shown. After some remarks suggested by the psalm read, showing the earnestness of David when contemplating the building of a house for the Lord, the Bishop proceeded to the consideration of the kind of spirit in which such a work as the one then commenced should be entered on referring to incidents in the life of St. Paul whose name was attached to this Church for an exemplification. That apostle, by the exceeding value which he placed upon the gospel and its premises, and by his low estimation of earthly things, which led him to give up all, and count all for loss, for the cause of Christ, set an example it were well to follow. And with regard to the use to be made of the Church, when erected, the life of St. Paul afforded much instruction also. His first utterance in his conversion, " Lord, what wilt thou have me to do ?" taught, us a lesson of activity ; his conduct when it was said of him, " Behold,' he prayers," was worthy the imitation of all who should hereafter enter this building, and then it would, indeed, be made a " house of prayer." It was his fervent wish that it might be found by many to be " the house of God, the very gate of Heaven."-' '> - i - After the close of his address, the Bishop pronounced the benediction, and the assembly dispersed. 