THE WESTERN GOW* F1EUDS, (From the Bathurst Free Frets, of Saturday,) STONEY CHEEK. On Wednesday morning we received a visit from a gentleman who had just returned from Stoney Creek, bringing with bim upwards of two hundred ounces ol gold which he had purchased at that place. He also informed ns that a party connected with the Bank ol New South Wales, who came ever from the Meroo, pur- chased upwards of £2000 worth, on Saturday last, and but for want of money could have purchased a consider- ably larger quantity. This account given by our friend is on the whole of a very encouraging character, and in- clines us to believe that there is a fair prospect of the richness of the gold fields in theWellington district being properly tested. Though the number of fresh arrivals is by no means so great now as it was a few weeks since, there are fewer leaving. The population, including about 330 Chinamen, numbers about 2000, who are scattered over an area of at least twenty miles, and now that the drones and the waiters on Providence have taken their departure for places more suitable to their peculiar habits and temperaments , consists principally of men able and willing to work until success attends their labours. From the absence of any escort, and the unwillingness of the miners to sell more gold titan requisito to supply their immediate wants, no estimate can be formed as to the quantity obtained from this field ; however there is reason to believe that a much larger quantity has been found than the public are aware of. Everything at the present is very quiet, robberies or outrages of any kind being of rare occurrence. Tbis may be perhaps owing to the presence of police who have been stationed there lately. As if with a full determination to make the present obnoxious license system the means of checking tbe development of the gold fields of this colony, notices have been issued that tho. law would be strictly enforced, ondit has been so in several instances. In consequence of tbis a bod}- of Chinamen, who were either unwilling or unable to pay the license fee, have shifted from the field to some unknown quarter, in the direction of the Mookerwa. The increased demand for Hour at Molong has raised the price to JU0 per ton, with the prospect of a further rise. Provisions generally, are, however, very reasonable, owing to the large quantity on the ground. ?VYe have been furnished with the following com- munication from u gentleman who has recently visited j Stoney Creek. The Stoner Creek diggings have for some time past attracted considerable attention. The various contra- dictory statements, which from time to time, appear in your journal, afford but little hope of arriving at the truth in any other way than by visiting the scene of action, and when there, to devise the best means of obtaining correct information. From the very straight- forward and temperate manner in which you have treated the question at issue, I am induced to give my reasons for visiting the place, and the impressions formed, after using every available means to get at honest truth. The accounts in circulation appeared to mo so extravagant, and, on the other hand, BO directly counter, that I determined to visit the placa, and make it my sole object to get all the informa- tion possible, and so far as practicable, to ascertain the opinions of the best informed miners upon the various matters which the question involves. On my way up I met from ten to twelve return diggers, the majority of whom appeared physically unfit for the toil and drud- gery of gold digging. I passed about a like number on their way up, but not to tbe land of promise, because they were already disheartened by their returning friends, and from that moment had made up their minds (although they would fain persuade themselves other- wise; not to dig a second day unless they could at once hit upon big nuggets. The field around Stoney Creek is admitted to be very extensive, even by tho most sceptical. Tbe decidedly happy appearance of the people bespeaks prosperity and contentment, and the numbers who are accompanied by their wives and families portend good for the future progress of the diggings, as they may be considered in most cases as fixtures. The mass upon the creek and within, say five square miles, are, I think, truthfully estimated nt about 2000 souls, and they appear to con- sist of oona fide diggers, the place has been weeded of the " ne'or do wells." Every party I applied to had gold to sell, but would not part with it at less than a tip-top-price. Onco a week gold is sold, but just sufficient to cover current expenses. Ex- treme caution and secrecy are apparent in all the diggers' transactions; yet, any known, respectable person, may easily satisfy himself that three-fourths of thc miners are doing well, and many of them saving money, whilst others are making fortunes. On tbe Creek it is undisputed that almost every day large quantities of gold are sent across the country. One of tho fortunato diggers, in reminding a party of the risk of carrying down his own gold, expressed himself quite at ense about it, affirming, that begging a meal at one place on the road, and offering part of r. swag for sole nt another, aro the best means yet concocted for taking a large nugget to market in safety, adding, that he kuew of two lots, one 28 lbs., nnd another weighing upwards of ¿0, which had been dispatched in likemannerthe week previous. The same was stated by several parlies to bo a fact, and tbat one man lind then in his possession 1:100 ozs., the result of five weeks' labour. Tho truth of these statements admits of great doubt, and not until an escort is provided can wo expect nny reliable or authentic in- formation of the quantity of gold actually produced. A great many of the claims, known to be rich, aro in the bands of parties who only work part of ono or two days in the week, this amount of labour producing sufficient to keep them at the grog-shop and gambling table for the remainder of the time. Secrecy is the miner's only present protection, which renders tho task of getting information reolly difficult ; yet I cannot imnginc the possibility of any unprejudiced person, after a care- ful investigation upon the spot, coming to any other conclusion than that Stoney Creek bids high to become tho most productive gold field that has yet been dis- covered in New South Wales. It must alwajs happen that out of the mass that usunlly ru»h to a newly dis- covered gold field, there will be soma unfortunates. Disappointment to a considerable extent must result nt Stoney Creek, where the gold is so irregularly distri- buted, but a decided majority are doing well. Those who represent themselves as unfortunate diggers, are composed of the following-the penniless, who are starved out before having n shadow sf chance to rea- lize anything ; tho physically weak, tho incapacitated from other causes ; the lazy, the worthless, the drunkard, and last not least, the loafer figure conspicu- ously in bringing up tho reor. Out of the above lot, tho Stoney Creek ghost of misfortunes may have had its resurrection. 