, THE NAVAL ItEYIEW. Britannia had a grand exhibition, last Wednesday, of what she can , do on her own favourite clement. The .28 rd of April — St. George's Day— has been looked' ..forward' to for several weeks past as the great day of the season nan j<,ngiiina nas crowneu ciown to rortsmoutn, Southsea, Portsea, Gosporb, and other ndjiiccnt ports of Hampshire; Royalty has coinc forward specially to rale Hie waves'; Lords and Commons, forgetting Parlia mentary business and fashionable etratH, have fluttered about the gigantic, armament, like the merest satellites Of its strength ; and all the Mrs. Joneses and Mrs. Smiths, who let lodgings , in the favonred'localities, anil all the Mr. Browns, arid Mr. Robinsons who are licensed to " victual" man rind beast in 'the same, have made small extempore fortunes liy what are called " fabulous prices"— the ' fable being a very solid fact to those who held to pay the amounts claimed. The sight was, in truth, of unparalleled magnificence and grandeur; and, considering that every Englishman, has a natural taste for the sea, and a native-born lovo for the huge yet graceful evolutions of those floating castles which are the most palpable evidences of our might, it is not to be- wondered at that Wcdnesdny was a great success. An immense number of visitors arrived at the various towns along the coast on Tuesday, when the demand for accommodation became so great that three or four guineas were obtained for beds ; and it is asserted that at some places the lodging-house keepers; absolutely asked as much as £15 for sleeping accommodation. Hotels were gorged till they overflowed, and the super- fluxwns shaken -into the streets, where many persons passed the night; but all was willingly borne for the sake of what was to coinc. The dawn at length broke gloriously, and the fair promise was maintained throughout the day, though bore in London east winds and the ghost of a November fog haunted the , half- deserted town. . ... . " Her Majesty's train arrived at the . Royal Clarence Victualling yard at 'five minutes to twelve o'clock, being above three quarters of .an hour . after ' its time. On alighting, her Majesty was received by Admiral "Sir William Parker. G. C. 11, ; principal naval aide-do canip ; Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons,. G.C.B. ; the Marquis Townshcnd, aide-de-camp ; ' Sir Charles ' Wood, Sir Maurice Berkeley, Rear- Admiral Peter Richards, Rear- Admiral Eden, Captain Milne, Sir Robert Peel, &c.;, forming the full board of Admiralty : also by Admiral De la Graviere, of the French Imperial Navy, Captain Superintendent Daeres, Muster-Attendant Davies, Storekeeper l'inliorn, R.N., Mr. Godson, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Scott, and other officers of the railway company, arid a guard of honour. The Court immediately em barked on board the State barge,, and was steered by "Captain the ;Hon. Joseph Denman to the Victoria and Albert, lying in the harbour stream. Her Majesty was accompanied in llie yacht by Sir William Porker, Sir Edmnnd Lyon3, the Marquis Townsbeud, Admiral De la Graviire, and Mr. Osborne, Seretnry of the Admrality, After a short interval, the trumpeter stationed at the Pier Battery announced the approach of the Royal Yacht. The guns of the Platform Battery instnntly confirmed the intelligence, and in a few minutes the Victoria and Albert rapidly steamed out of the harbour, and glided swiftly towards Spithead, amid the enthusias tic acclamations of the assembled multitude, the bands ashore and afloat striking up the National Anthem, while every vessel dipped her ensign." ' Some hitch ocurred in the arrangements for the accomodation of her Mnjesty's faithful Lords and Commons, whereat they grumbled loudly, and with some reason, considering that they had to wait at Southamp ton for more than an hour for further arrivals from London before they could he conveyed on hoard ship to the scene of tho review — a delay which prevented their beholding some of the most, interesting portions of the . ceremony ; hut for the most, part the day'B business i seems to have gone off well, " Tt was not till a few minutes after twelve," writes I one of the Daily News reporters, " that the 'Royal yacht, ; preceded by the Black Eagle, and followed by the Elfin | and Fairy, came out of Portsmouth harbour, and rapidly I traversed the channel, parallel to Southsea beach. As this occurred unexpectedly, the whole multitude on shore 'started up, moved by one impulse, and gazed, earnestly on tho after-deck of the Victoria and Albert, where her Majesty, with the Prince Consort, and Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons, were immediately recognised. In less than ten minutes, the Queen had passed round tho Spit Buoy, nnd got into tho roads. Then, from tho broadsido of the Duke of Wellington poured forth a cloud of white smoke, and loudly pealed out tho notes of loyal salutation, repeated byevery other ship along cither lino, like innumerable echoes from shore to shore of the straits, and the fleecy masses of vapour rolled together, bo ns for a few minutes to conceal tho fleet from sight When the scene cleared, the royal squadron had turned towards the north-west, and was swiftly crossing the hay to Gillkieker Point, behind which it was presently hidden. For about half an hour, tlioso on shore were deprived of the sight of it. Then tho three raking masts of the Victoria and Albert, each" with its gorgeous pennou, were again perceived between tho | frigates of the fleet : tho royal yacht -and tenders wcro I by that time rctnrniug, in a south-easterly course, | through the roads whore the fleet lay at anchor, having j had to go to the remote extremity of the position then | occupied by the gunbonts, us ahove described, in order | to enter at the roar between the double line of vessels, and so- from rear to van of tho whole fleet, beginning with the gunboats, next passing the brigs, corvettes, anil smaller steamers, then the frigates, and so to the greater ships of the line. Her Majesty and suite steadily advanced, until they reached the flag-ships, the huge three-deckers, Duke of Wellington and Royal George, and emerged from the lines at half-past one o'clock. Every ship as the Queen passed by manned oil the yards with admirable celerity, and acknowledged tho royal presence with a joyous hurst of English and sailor-like cheering. " At a respectful distance behind, a couple of miles or so, the Royal squadron was followed in its progress through the fleet by all the flotilla of gunboats, which had left their anchorage behind the station as soon ns the Queen's yacht entered between the ships of the line. The gunboats now came on, two and two — that is, in. double line, similar to the order in- which , the large ships, were anchored— proceeding .towards- the flag-ships at the head of the fleet in a very steady and regular manner, and keeping on tho prescribed path between tho two lines of first raters arid frigates, in comparison with tho size of which they looked quite boyish. The gunboats being more than a hundred in number, it was necessarily a matter of time to bring the last of thorn to tho cud of a five mile course. It was nearly three o'clock before the entire flotilla got out of the lines, and, dividing into two squadrons, to the right hand and to the left hand, (or ns it is technically said, to the starboard and to port) turned round the flag-ships, each on its own side, awl went to their appointed positions nearer the shore. By this time, other arrangements for the combined operatiou to be thus represented wore in progress. Two or three of those grim iron-mailed monsters, the floating but teries, had been detached from the rear of the fleet, and, together with the exercising brigs, a mortar vessel or two, and tho M rounder and Belleislc, sailing vessels, formed a stationary line across the hay, just outside the site of the sandbank, and near enough to be well ex amined By the people on shore. One squadron of gun- . boats took up its place beyond tliem, so ns to command Fort Monckton and tlnit pitrt of the coast. A squadron of sixteen or twenty gunboats (perhaps more, for it was difficult to get .ah. .uninterrupted . view of the whole lino of- them at once) oniric Straight ! in towards Southsea Castle, just eastward of the -'Boy no buoy, and anchored about a mile "off, with all their broadsides hearing on tho fortress ; hut no preparations were made in the castle to return their amicable fire. "The fleet, an hour or two t later, returned to tho anchorage which they at first occupied, . and the Royal squadron was saluted, ns in the morning, upon passim the Spit buoy on its way back to the harbour. The gunboats stationed against Southsea Castle filed six rounds at half -past four, giving the people on the heaclr an opportunity of observing how their guns are worked. Her Majesty's yacht then returned into Portsmouth, and tho entertainment of the. day was done." A novel and very beautiful effect was produced at niglit by the sudden and unanticipated illumination of the fleet. This was obtained by simultaneously lighting up the yards and port-holes with blue lights. " At nine o'clock gun fire," says -the Times, "the whole fleet at anchor burst into light as by magic, the jets being one above another ; and the ports of each vessel opened at once, showed a vivid glare between decks, causing an unusual roar .of cheering from the shore, which was echoed and given back with interest from the boats of tlio legion afloat. From nine to ten, rockets were then sent up- thickly from the ships, and rained a golden sliower upon the " floating capital." The amount of crowding on Wednesday at the stations; of tile various railways which run in the direction of theishow proved, as may ho expectod. Something terrific, and there was, as usual on these occasions, a goodly sprinkling of the " roughs." The arrangements, liowevor, were all well carried out. According to the official . statements, the number of carriages sent doivn, anil composing the ' various trains to Southampton and Portsmouth, wore 807, conveying upwards of thirty thousand persons.— Leader, April2Q. , % . , : — Butter prom SroxEs.-r-Tt was Swift, if we mistake not, who, ridiculing the bubble undertakings which spring up about the " South' Sea" time, proposed, among other things, to obtain "butter from beechnuts;" but it remained for the villainous ingenuity of modern trade to discover butter in fliut-stoncs. Shakspeare speaks of " sermons in stones the adulterator finds something far more profitable. - " Butter," says the Doncaslcr Gazelle, " is ad nitrated with' flint-stones. : This wicked fraud is especially practised in the low kinds of buttei usually sold in' large manufacturing towns to the poorer anil industrious population. The flint-stones are ground and then chemically manipulated, until they are reduced into a soluble substance, which is known by the denomination' of ' Roluhle siljca.' When this latter preparation is dissolved, in : water, it becomes a stiff gelatinous liocjy. somewhat resembling strong jelly. This jelly is mixed to a considerable extent with butter of low quality, to which fresh salt and colouring matter arc added. ' The product of this villainous adulteration is a comnound which resembles a verv trood- look inn- dairy-made butter. "- —Leader. Law and Order. — Said Lord Bacon, " So great is the accumulation of the statutes, so often do thoso statutes cross each other, and so intricate are they, that the certainty of the hi w is entirely lost in tho heap." Lord Bacon said this'when the number of our public statutes was two thousand one hundred and seventy-one. Thus, the profoundest brain that ever a wig covered pronounced , itself to be lost in the maze of a law constructed of two ! thousand one hundred and seventy one disjointed ' statues Fpoiri, his day to our own, the maze has been incessantly "in progress of enlargement, We have actually made siriiple addition to' the statues since her Majesty's happy accession of a number actually greater than the whole Rum known in Bacon's time, One hundred and thirty-four public acts were passed only in the .very last Session of Parliament. The pre sent number of our statutes— leaving private bills and Scotch law: out of calculation — is no fewer than eighteen thousand two hundred and ninety, which are inscribed in five-and -fifty volumes upon somewhere about fifty thousand pages. If, therefore, two thousand statutes perplexed Bacon, what sort of a legal genius must lie he who can feel easy with eighteen thousand on his mind ? It is manifest that, 'in these law- making days, it should need nine Bacons to make one Judge. The Union Jack. — The British flag consists of the crosses of St. George St. Andrew nnd St. Patrick, united ; but the etymology of the term " Uuion Jack" has never, it is presumed been explained, for it does not occur in any lexicon or glossary. The word "Union" obviously arose from the event to which the flag owes its origin (the Union of Ireland in 1801, the only difficulty, therefore, is as to the expression "Jack." As the alteration of the banner of St. George occurred in the reign of James 1., it may with great piobability, be supposed to be a corrupt-ion of " Jacques " If how ever, this hypothesis be rejected, the following is submitted. English soldiers wore formerly accustomed to wear the cross of St. George on their upper garment ; and, ns it appears from early writers that the upper dress of a horseman, and, according to others, a coat of mail, was called a " Jack,", it admits of the inference that a small flag, contained the cross in question, was termed " a Jack" when used at sea; after the" banner, which, more properly confined to the field, fell into comparative disuse. The former of tlieso conjectures appears, however, the more probable, 