$Uscdtauams. The Wolf's Attack. — It is no less cu rious than amusing to witness their ingeni ous mode of attack. If there is no snow, or hut little on the ground, two wolves approach ia the most playful aud caressing manner, lying, rolling, and frisking about, until the too credulous and unsuspecting victim is completely put off his guard by curiosity and familiarity. During this time the gang, squatted on their hind-quarters, look on at a distance. After some time spent in this way, the two assailants sepa rate, when one approaches the horse's head, the other his tail, with a slyness and cun ning peculiar to themselves. At this stage of the attack their frolicsome approaches become very interesting; it is in right good earnest; the former is a mere decoy, the latter is the real assailant, and keeps his eyes steadily fixed on the hamstrings or flank of the horse. The critical moment ia then watched, and the attack is simulta neous; both wolves spring at their victim the same instant, one to the throat, the other to the flank, and if successful, which they generally are, the liind one never lets go his hold until the horse is completely dis abled. Instead of springing forward, or kicking to disengage himself, the horse turns round aud round without attempting a de fence. The wolf before then springs behind, to assist the other. The sinews are cut, and in half the time I have been describing it, the horse is on his side; his struggles are fruftiesi: the victervis won. At this sig nal the lookers-on close in at a gallop, but the small fry of followers keep at a respect ful distance until their superiors are gorged, then they take their turn unmolested. The wolves, however, do not always kill to eat; like wasteful hunters, they often kill for the pleasure of killing, and leave the carcases untouched. — The Fur Hunters of tlicfar West. By Alexander llosst A Woman's Reason, — Three or four times a couple appeared before a clergyman for marriage: but each time the bridegroom was drunk, and the reverend gentleman re fused tc tie the knot. On the last occasion he expressed his surprise that so respectable looking a girl was not ashamed to appear at the allar with a mm in such a state. The poor girl at last burst into tears, and said she could not help it. ' And why, pray?' ' Because, sir. he wontcomewhenhe'ssober.'' Nev/ Subsiakixe Machine for War. — Mr Mauer, after being refused by the British Government, has obtained great encouragement from the Russians, who have been at tlie expense of erecting one of his machines at a cost of about .£15,000. It is said to be a clever invention, and to be spoken well cf by the most intelligent en gineers at St. Petersburg. It is to be pro pelled by two screws, and steered to any point under water, where it may remain for eight hours without requiring fresh air to be pumpsd. Tha Russians ostentatiously profess to congratulate themselves that it was not adopted by the English, as it might have bten efficacious in enabling them to remove the booms and mines they have put under water to prevent the approach, of ships of war. Why theue is no Rain in Peru. — In Peru, South America, rain is unknown. The coast of Peru is within the region of perpetual south-east trade-winds. 1 hough the Peruvian shores are on the verge of the great South Sea border, yet it never rains there. The reason is plain. The south east trade-winds i:i the Atlantic Ocean first strike the water on the coast of Africa. Tra velling to the north-west, they blow oblique ly across the ocean until they reach the coast of Brazil. By this time they are hea vily laden with vapour, which they continue to bear along across the continent, deposit ing it as they go, and supplying with it the sources of the Rio de la Plata and the southern tributaries of the Amazon. Finally they reach the snow-capped Andes, and here is wrung from them the last particle of moisture that that very low temperature can extract. Reaching the summit of that range, they now tumble down as cool aud dry winds on the Pacific slopes beyond. Meeting wiih no evaporating surface, and with no temperature colder than that to which they were subjected on the mountain tops, they reach the ocean before they be come charged with fresh vapour, and before, therefore, they have any which the Peruvian climate cau extract. Thus we see how the top of the Andes becomes the reservoir from which are supplied the rivers of Chili and Peru. — Lieutenant Maury. Daring and Responsibility. — How as:e can unnerve a man! and what a vast difference there is between physical and moral courage ! Men who despised death and faced every danger in the battle- field, have been known to run away from a rat; they call that cowardice by the name of antipathy. It is now many years ago that a midshipman, one of those dare-devil boys whose nerves were strung to any danger, mounted the cross on the top of St. Peter's and actually stood erect upon it. A gust of wind might have hurled him headlong to inevitable death; but there he stood in spite of the giddy height, and afterwards descen ded in perfect safety, leaving; his handker chief as a record of bis daring; there was no pickpocket of the Church or the Corso bold enough to take that. This midship man rose through the different grades of the service, performing many and many a gal lant action — for few men saw more fighting and none exhibited more courage — until he became an admiral. The peace had changed his life from scenes of activity and danger to domestic quiet and a wife; but he still sighed for employment; and at last, as the garden of Eden, the Admiralty, had exhaust ed the standard fruits, this gidlant, excel lent, kind and brave officer acquired a com mand. The war broke out ; there was no man more forward, no man more eager to face the enemy, and, in conjunction with some ships of our uliy, he appeared off a Russian port. There lay two frigates of the enemy, the fortifications were not very im posing, the place was reconnoitered, and it was resolved to attack it. .Now came the necessity of moral courage; the puysieal had been beyond doubt. He was the com mander-ia -chief of the station; he might fail; his ships might be crippled by the batteries, or sunk, for anything may occur in war, aud theu our trade might have severely suffered. At this moment he had no resolution; he had neither the requisite courage to face the danger, nor withdraw from it; and he committed suicide the very night before the attempt was to be made. One would suppose that, at any rate, he would have made the attack ; and there was plenty cf time, if he failed, to commit the rash act, if he feared that bugbear, ' respon sibility.' And he is not alone. Many officers — Colliugwood, for instance — as brave as a lion in the fight, are more afraid of ' responsibility' than a child of a ghost. — My Travels, by Captain Chammicr. 