JEtoUmffsofi. Kebuchadnezzae's Hunting Diaby!—A correspondent of the Northern Entign says a book is shortly to be published by Colonel Rawlinson, upon till her discoveries he has made. " He found Nebuchad nezzar's hunting diary, with notes, and here and there a portrait of his dogs, sketched by himself "with his name under it. He meniious in it having been, ill, and whilst he was delirious he thought he had been turned out to graze like the beasts of the field. Is not this a wonderful corroboration of Scripture? Rawlinson also found a pot of preserves in an excellent state, and gave some to the Queen to taste. How little Nebuchadnezzar's cook dreamt, when making them, that twenty- five centuries after, the Queen ol England would eat some ot the identical preserves that figured at her master's table!*' The Crow's Nest on St. Paul's.—A recently -published *' History of the Corps of Royal Sappeis and Miners" gives the following particulars ot"the c ow's nest crested on St. Paul's, during the ordnance survey of the metropolitan district:—"That above the cross of St. Paul's, from the dexterity with which the construc tion of the cradle at that dizzy height was pursued, supported only by the architectural ornaments of the ftrueture, excited much curiosity and wonder. The scaffolding was of rough poles: the stage, 10 feet square, formed of planks which supported the observatory, rested on the golden gallery ou the top of the great cone. The four lower posts. 29 feet Jon/, stood upon 6l-Grt planks, bedded on the stone footway; and the top supported the angles of lour horizoncal planks, each 23 feet long, bolted together at the angles. From these planks a screen of boards was erected to prevent materials, &c.;, from fa'ling. The base of the four upper posts,'53 feet long, rested on the augles of the above planks; and the scaffold, in addition to th'.sc posts, consisted of four sets of horizontal and four sets of transverse bra-cs, on each of the four sides, the whole being fastened together by spikes and ropes. Fifty six of the uprights were double poles, placed base and poiut, and bound together with hoop iron and wedges, and with bolts and hoop iron at splices. The height from base to floor was 82 feet, and to the extreme top of the observatory 92 feet. A railing, roughly but securely put up, surrounded the 'crow's nest.* The ascent was by the inside of the tower or lantern to the circular opening, then to the outside of the foot ladders . set at the north- east corner, parallel to the noith-east principal post inside the scaffold. The whole of the materials were drawn up from the floor by a permanent windlass erected in the tower, to the golden gallery, , and then passed to the outride, horizontally, through j an aperture 32 inches wide, and finally were drawn | up and put into position by purchase erected for the j purpose. The whole construction weighed about five tons, and, though designed by Sergeant James Steel, was i erected by Sergeant James Beaton,?the most succesful buil der of these aerial fabricr, assisted by Privates Richard Pesible and John Portcons, and some civil labourers, under the direction of Captain Tolland. The time occupied in going up the ladder was about seven minutes, but the descent required only four or five. ! On ilia 2nd November, the last piece of scaffolding was i removed and carted away. In the hazardous and iiitrii-ale operation of building and dismantling it, not the slightest accident to human life or limb—not even the breaking of a single pans of glass—occurred.— Builder. Architecture of Paris.—At a meeting of the Architectural Institute of Scotland, held on the 17th Dec. last, Mr. David Cousin, city architect, read a paper on "Domestic Architecture of Paris," in tlie course of which, after describing Paris houses, he said, the French deal greatly less in dinner- parties than the people of the same class iu this country, and, as a rule, they sit a much shorter time at the dinner-table. The dining-room, therefore, in the middle-cla«s houses, is a less important room than it is with us. The saloon or drawing-room is the living room of the family, where they recede their evening social parties. The floor of the dining-room, often without a carpet, is either glazed tiles or polished oak boarding. The kitchen is generally a very small apartment as compared with those of our own houses, and but sparingly supplied with closeis or scullery accomodation. From the peculiar construction of the kitchen range, little heat, dust, or smell is created in cooking. The cooking apparatus of ordinary houses consists of a series of stnal V choffers, heated by charcoal raised on a platform about the height of an ordinary ! table, on which kettles or pots of various sizes are placed for boiling or ttewing meat. They have besides a small portable fireplace and oven, so light as to be easily lifted about, for roasting meat, which is placed on the same platform when in use. A projecting hood envelopes the whole platform, aud carries off all vapour or smoke into the chimney. Charcoal is always u*ed in the kitchen, and generally wood for the room fires, though coal is now getting more into use than iormerly. The elegance of the interior decoration of the cafes and restaurants of Paris must have struck every one who has visited that tasteful capital. The same quality of dteoiation per- 1 varies the private dwellings, varying in extent according : to the meanB of the occupants. The wood-work of the 1 drawinc-room is generally painted in a light shade, nearly white—the smaller members of the mouldings being gilded, oil paint is seldom used for the walls: ! when it is so, the shades of colour arc generally light, of a grey drab or green hue, formed into panels, and orna mented with stenrilliiig in a light shade. More fre quently the walls are pr.percd, which i6 generally of a low tone; the ornaments flat, of the same shade as the ground. Green, grey, or French white are the prevail ing colours, finished with an ornamental geld border. We rarely find those gaudy papers, with garlands of roses and other imitations of natural flowers, which pass here for |French papers. These gaudy designs arc, I fear, prepared by the manufacturers to m- et the demands of tbeir customers on this side of the channel. The ceilings arc generally white, the plaster ornaments hatched with gold, the smaller members of the enrich ments being done iu solid gilding, which is distributed with great judsmeut, so as to bring out the detail of the ornameut, rather tlura to obscure it by a dazzling display of gold on the prominent features. Mirrors are intro duced in great prolusion. Mr. Cousin alluded to the multiplicity of royal palaces iii and around Paris. These stupendous architectural works, lie said, all serve as the repositories of the kindred arts of sculpture and paint ing ; and ail are freely thr- vvn open to the people. The gilded halls and corridors of these imperial mansions are crowded with the artisan and the peasant, on their oft recurring holidays, enjoying the highest works of the chisel or the pencil. There is no crowding, no jostling, or elbowin? past each other. The greatest politeness prevails. The art education thus afforded to the masses has done its work effectually in refining the manners, and inducing that outward decorum which in this country is looked upon as the characteristic of the upper classes only. The amount of rational and elevating enjoyment thus afforded to the great bu»k of the people by these places of public recreation is cheaply purchased ! if Ihoy have in any degree aided in leading to those j tub its of politeness and sobriety which form such a ' marked characteristic of the French people. In com parison of the treasures of art everywhere displayed in and around Paris nothing whatever lias been done by the Government of this country for the encouragemeut of rational amusement, or the refinement of taste in the gieat body of the peop'e. Activity of Bieds.—The activity of birds when they have young is most ^uprising. Br. Macgil livray records the observations made by a friend on a pair of blue titmice when rearing 1hcir young. The parent birds began their labour of love at half-past 3 o'clock in the morniug, and did not leave off till after 8 o'clock in the evening, after being almost incessantly engaged for nearly 17 hours. Mr. Weir counted their various returns to the nest, and found : them to be 475. Up to 4 o'clock, as a breakfast, j they were fed 12 times; between 5 and 6, 40 times, I flying to and from, a plantation more than. 160 yards ' from their uest; between 9 and 10 o'oclock they fed them 46 times, and they continued at their wo< k till the time specified, sometimes bringing in a single large caterpillar, at other times two or three small one. The number of d structire insects removed by birds when feeding their loung must be astonishing, if they were in any degree as active as the two blue titmice so patiently observed by Mr. Weir on the 4th of Julv, 1837\. Great as the number of returns to the nest seens to be, it certainly does not exceed that of the common window swallow.—IVhite's Popular Huiory of Birds English Eog.—The logs of England have been at all times the complaint of foreigners. G011 domar, the Spanish ambassador, when some one who w. s going to Spain waited on him to know if he had any commands, replied, "Only my compliments to the son, whom I have not seen since I came to England." Caracioli, the Neapolitan Minister here, a man of a good deal of conversation and wit, n-ed to say," That the only ripe fruit he had seen in England were r.-anted apples," and in a vivacious conversation with Kins George Il.he took the liberty of preferring the moon of Naples to the son of England, Cookery and Curiosity.—The French modes of cooking fish are very numerous, as during Lent the dishes in msny houses are composed of fish and vegetables, or what are called nets maigres. On this subject, however, we must net be too curious, or seek to pry into the modes in which some people reconcile jours maigres with fastidious appetites. At a splendid dinner given by the Legate of Avignon to the Prior of Charfrerix, a superb fish, cooked to perfection, and likely to have tempted the Pope himself had he been present, was hanoed to the prior. He helped himself, and was on the eve or eating, when one of the brothers said to him, "My brother, do not touch that, it is not maigre. I went into the kitchen, and I saw things there would make yon shudder; the sanee that yon fancy is made from carrots and onions is made from ham and rabbits." 'My brother, yen talk too mnch, and are too curious," replied the prior; " the kitchen is not your place; and curiosity is a grievous sin." Sovereigns oe Europe.—The European sovereigns, commencing with the youngest and proceed ing according to age, are:— Birth. Ascension. Portugal Pedro V 3837 1851 Austria Francis Joseph ... 1930 1848 Turkey Abdul Medjid 1922 1833 Spain Isabella II 3820 1833 Sardinia Victor Emmanuel 1820 1918 Britain Victoria 1319 1S37 Hanover George Frederick 1819 1851 Russia Alexander 1818 1S55 Holland William III. 1817 1819 Greece Otho 1815 3833 Two Sicilies... Ferdinand II. ... 1810 1830 Denmark Frederick VII. ... 1S0S 184S Sweden Oscar 1S0S 1841 Saxony John 1801 1851 France Louis Napoleon... 1801 1813 Prussia Fred. William IV. 1795 1810 Borne Pius IX. 1795 1818 Belgium Leopold 1790 1831 The Holly-Tree Inn.—The following sketch is from the "Christmas number" of DickenB's Household Words:—"It was still dark when we left the Peacock. For a little while, pale, uncertain ghosts of houses and trees appeared and vanished, and then it was hard, black, frozen day. People were lighting their fires; smoke was mounting straight np, high into the ra-efied air; and we were rattling for Highgate Arch way over the hardest ground I have ever heard the ring of iron shoes on. Aa we got into the country, every thing seemed to have grown old and gTey. The roads, the trees, thatched roofs of cettages and homesteads, the ricks in farmers' yards. Out-door work was abandoned, horse-troughs at roadside ions were frozen hard, no stragglers lounged about, doors were close shut, little turnpike-bouses bad blazing fires inside, and children (even turnpike people have children, and seem to like them) robbed the frost from the little panes of glass with tbeir chubby arms, that their bright eyes might catch a glimpse of the solitary coach going by. I don't know when the Bnow began to set in; but I know that we werechan-ing hoescs coraewherc when I heard the guard remark,' That the old lady up in the sky was picking her geese pretty hard to-day." Then, indeed, I found the white down was falling fast and thick. The lonely day wore on, and I dozed it out as a lonely tra veller docs. I was warm and val ant after eating and drinking—particularly after dinner; cold and depressed at all other times. I was always bewildered as to time and place, and always more or less oat of my senses. The coach and horses seemed to execute in chorus, 'Aold Lang Syne," without a moment's intermission. Thty kept the time and tune with the greatest regularity, and rose into the swell at the tegnhirgof the refrain with a precision that worried me to death. While we changed horses, the guard and coachman went stumpirg up and down the road, printing off their shoes in the tnaw, and poured so mnch liquid consolation into then seller with out being any the worse for it, that I began to confound them, as it darkened again, with two great white ca-ks standing on end, Onr horses tumbled down in solitary places, and we got them np—which wis the plcasantest rariety I had, tor it warmed me. And it snowed and snowed, and still it snowed, and never left off snowing. All night long we went on in this mancer. Thns, we came r. und the clock, upon the Great North road, to the i er form an ce of 'Auld Lang Syne" by day again. And it snowed snd snored, and still it snowed, and never left off snowing. I forget now where we were at noon on the second day, and where we ought to have been: but I know that we were scon s of miles behirdinnd, ar d that onr —was grow ng worse every hour. The drift wrs becoming prodigiously deep: landmarks were get- I ting snowed ont; the road and the fields were all one, ' instead of having* ferities arid hedgerows to guide us, we went crunching on* over-an unbroken surface of ghaitly white that might sink .heileath us at any moment and drop us down a whole hillside. Stilt the coachman and guard—who kept, together, on the box, always in council, and looking well about them—made out the track with astctilSmng sagacity. When we came in sight of a town, it looked, to my fancy, like a large drawing on a slate, with abandonee of fiLate-pcucil ex pended ou the churches and houses where the snow lay thickest. When we come within a town, and found the church clocks all stopped, the dial-faces choked with snow, and the inn-signs blotted out, it seemed as if the whole place were overgrown with white moss. As to the coach, it was a mere snowball; similarly, the men and boys who 'ran along br bide us to the town's end, turning our clogged wheels and encoaraging our horses, were men and boys of snow; and the bleak wild solitude to which they at last dismissed us was a snowy Sahara. One would have thought this enough; notwithstendirg which, I pledge my word that it mowed and snowed,and still it snowed, and never left off snowing. We performed *Auld Lang Syne' the whole day; seeing nothing, out of towns and villages, but the track of soats, hares, and foxes, and sometimes of birds. At 9 o'clock at night, ou a Yorkshire moor, a cheerful burst from our horn, and a welcome sound of talking, with a glimmering and mo ving about of lanterns, roused me from my drowsy state. I found that we were going to change. They helped me out, and I said to a waiter, whose bare head became as white as King Lear's in a single minute: "Wbat inn is this?'—'The Holly-Tree, Sir/ said he. ' upon my word, I believe," said I, apologetically to the guard and coachman, ' that I must stop here." Now the landlord, and the landlady, and the ostler, and the postt>oy, and all the stable authorities, had already asked the coachman, to the wide-eyed interest of all the rest of the establishment, if he meant to go on. The co chman had already replied, ' Yes, lie'd take her through it/—meaning by1 her" the coach—'if so be as George would stand by him." Geerge was'the guard, a\d he had already sworn that he would stand by him. So, the helpers were already getting the horses out." The Geeat Mes. Hashim Question.—The origin of the present war was a qucst.on about the ens tody of a church key. The Kaffir war was about a lmtchet The troubles in New Zealand all turned upon a certain flagstaff. If we shoald be embroiled with the United States, it will be abont Mosquitos. If wo quarrel with Persia, it will be for a Tlelen in the person of one Mrs. Hashim. When Mr. Murray arrived at the Persian Court he found one Mirza Hashim under the protection of the British embassy, tbe said Hashim. being highly obnoxious to the Persian Minister. Mr, Murray docs not seem to have troubled his head to as certain whether the Mirza was entitled to the protection he bad obtained or not—whether an unoffending man or a scamp. English diplomacy delights in protection, for it shows the power of the British envoy in d- fiance of the national authorities. So the sentiment as to the worthy Hashim was— "i know not, I care not, if guilt's in thy heart; I know I'll proLcct thee, whatever tbou art." Hashim was accordingly to be removed out of harm's way to a post at Shiraz. The Persian Minister ^protested, claiming Hashim as a servant of the Government, and threatening to seize him if be left the bounds of the mission. For a material guarantee, meanwhile, the Sadi seized Mrs. Hashim. This was a violation of fc^e sanc tity of British protection. Mr. Murray demanded Mrs. Hashim. The Minister refused to deliver the Helen up, and insinuated that Mr. Murray was her Paris. Upon tliis Mr. Murray struck his flag, and broke off all rela tions with the Persian Government. Could there be a prettier quarrel than this ? How dignified all the cir cumstances ! Surely Hashim was born to make a hash : for Mr. Murray? Such ib the diplomatic disservice. And who is Mr. Murray, will now he asked. Mr. Murray is a man of good friends, who showed some knowledge of the West, for which he was sent to the East, with the fortunate result we now witness, and for the end of pro tecting Hasliim coute gu'il coute.—Examiner. Thames Esplanade a>d Railway.—A Company has just been registered under the title of the "Biver Thames ^Esplanade, Bail way, and Sewage Company." The promoter, Mr. Wieland, of Glasgow, proposes to construct river walls on both banks of the Thames, extending from London Bridge to Westminster Bridge, with the view of improving the channel and navigation, while increased wharfage accommodation would be given by meanB of quays and archways extend ing inwards from tbe river a depth of 120 feet. On the north side of the river the quay is to be 40 feet wide, and 80 feet in depth from the quay is to be covered by a double row of groined arches, 35 feet span, and about 35 feet in height. It is proposed to raise a road or esplanade on the top of these arches 80 feet wide, running parallel to the river on the level or the various bridges from London Bridge to Hungerford Market. On the river side of the esplanade is to be a parapet and balut rades, and on the land side a row of of handsome^shops, warehouses, or offices. Underneath would be a scries of warehouses communicating with the quays. On the south side'of the river it is proposed to adopt the same plan, with the exception that the esplanade would only be 40 feet wide, and ou the greater portion of it the warebouBi s above the shops would give way to private dwellings, built in fiats, on the Scotch una Parisian plans. The esplanade on elth'r side of the river ie to form junctions with the" bridges and leading streets. It is also proposed to form an additional railway under the arches of the railway on the Middlesex side of the river from London Bridge to Hungerford Market, Another feature of the scheme is to prevent the pollution of the Biver Thames by conveying the sewage from the mouths of the present sewers to convenient spots, where it may be deodorized and converted into manure for agricultural purposes. The importance of the object is admitted on all hands; what is wanted is a practicable modeof affecting it, and tliis the Company will have to show by details. The Thames ought to be embanked, and it will be, we have no donbt; it is simply a question of time and the right man.—Builder. The Uoboner and the Quaeebs.—Ac cording to the Manchester (frarrfMrnsomeludicrousscenes hove occurred between Mr. Driffield, the coroner, and the Quakers of Warrington, owing, it is alleged, to the former's objection to have a Quaker as lorcman of juries, the affirmation they take bring nrore troublesome to administer than the usual oath. "The coroner ordered the constable to put no more Quakers at the top of the list, as he required to vary the oath to the jury in such, a case. For a little time the coroner carried his point, but the Quakers mustered in force, and stood up for their rights. Ajurybeingimpannelled, the Quakers took care to have one of i heir party at the top and bottom ofthelist, so as to ensnre the election of one or the other as foreman. The coroner opposed this, said there was no jury, and broke up the court,thc bodyreqmringln quest remaining unboned. Two days afterwards a fresh juiy assembled, and, by the Mayoris orders, a Quaker was again put at the bead and bottom of the jury list. The coroner ob jected, and claimed his right to select a foreman. He requested that all of the gentlemen summoned might be sworn, and then he would choose a foreman. The gentlemen assembled, however, would not be sworn, as they considered the coroner wished to trick them. They wished the foreman to be chosen first. The coroner thereupon informed them that he could indict them for misdemeanour. This threat had no effect. The coroner then retired into another room, followed by all the juror*, and half-a-score of lookers-on, bis threat to keep out strangers being ineffectual, the jurors declaring it was an open court, and Mr. Mcllor, a solicitor, engaged on behalf of the Quakers, saying he would l;ke to seethe man who would keep him out of the court. On A promise that he would not make them foreman, the coroner here succeeded in inducing several of the jury to take the oath. While doing so, in consequence of a remark made, the coroner ordered the chief constable to tarn Mr. Mellor out, but the latter refused to leave. The lest of the jurymen having refused to be sworn unless the coroner made the same promiso as with the others, the coroner, gathering up his papers, returned to the first room, asking those who wonld take the oath as he of fered it to follow him there. Once more all the jury and spectators followed him. The room bring very crowded, the landlord was told to clear the room, bat protested he was unable to turn out so many. The coroner again appealed to the chief constable to do so. The chief constable said he could not. A scene of tonfurion and uproar ensued, and after going across the street to another house, where things were 110 better, the coroner then announced that he would not hold the inquest; and that the authorities of the town were to blame* The coroner then marched oBj with all the jury after him, and on getting opposite the Lion he missed his top coat and returned for it, followed by his faithful jury, who kept asserting and re-asserting that Tub conduct was unlawful, and that tbey would not leave him unless lawfully discharged. Having received his coat, the coroner again headed the procession accompanied by one of the Quakers, Mr. West, who, like a priest accom panying a malefactor to execution, kept reading from a book the duties of coroners and privileges of jurors, every now snd then exhorting Mr. Driffield to repent, and let the jury have their rights. But all in vain. When opposite the Bridewell the persecuted coroner asked the chief constable if he conld have a private room. A room he conld have, but, alas! no privacy. Mr. West declared that until legally discharged, they wonld follow him into any room. Finding that Sergeant Pre was going to Padgate, he volunteered to accompany him. Then once more: Away went coroner, and away Went jury at his heels. After a bracing walk the boundaries of the borough were readied—a good mile and a-half from the starting-point, and here another confab took place. Each side; how ever, refused to badge an inch. The coroner would swear the jury, but would make no conditions, and the jury would not be sworn unless they had leave first to appoint their foreman. In the meanwhile no inquest was held on the body of the deceased, and it could not be interred without a certificate.—Liverpool Albion, An Italian newspaper states that a native of Savoy, who was condemned at the age of 41 to the French galleys for life, lias , just been liberated at the age of 121. ft is said that he has a little property In Savoy, the interest on which has been accumulating exactly 100 years. The old fellow enjoys perfect health, although he stoops so much that his face nearly touches his knees. P3HTXLEGES OF THE ANTIPODES.—Johnnj Bobson, who is now learning "the use of the globes," was reading the Port PldUip Patriot, and found that "a dish of sweet strawberries smothered in cream" was to bs had in Mell ournc, in the month of November, for next to nothing. " Oh, mamma!" cried the jarenile geographer, " I've been bom on the wrong side of the world!" Pbogbess of Ibon in Natal Abchitec tctsb.—The relatire advantages of iron and wood masts for a ship of 1/00 tons are stated in the Birmingham Journal as follows:— . . Iron Mastp. Wood Masts. Cost 1*00 — 0*75 Duration ... •« ... 1*00 — 0*25 Strength 1*00 — 066 Wright ... 1*00 — 1-40 Taking cost and duration together, iron mists are about one-third the price of wood, while they are one-third lighter and one-third stronger. ^ This harnpjrbeen da-... monstrated, It appears, in the'case 6f tbe~Aerolite> built by Mr. Lamport, of Workington, the patentee of iron masts. This vessel was furnished not only with masts but bowsprit of iron. After a voyage to Australia and China, In which she experiea ed severe weather, her masts and bowsprit were examined, and found to be in as good condition asthe day she started. Intentoe of Gab Lights.—The inventor of gas lights was a Frenchman, Phillippe Le Bon, an engineer of roads and bridges, who, in 1785, adopted the idea of using, for the purpose of illumination, the gases distilled during the combustion '-Of wobd. He laboured c for along time in the attempt to perfect hiscrudo inven tion, ana-it was not until 1799. that he confided bis dis covery to the Institute. ■. In September, 1800, he took out a patent, and in 1801 he.published A-memoir con taining the result of his researches. Le Bon commenced by distilling wood, in order to obtain from it gas, on, pitch, and pyroligneous arid, bat his work .Indicated the possibility of obtaining -gas by distill^on-ironi fiity or oily substances. .• From 1798 "to -1802, Le Bon made numerous experiments. ■ Ho established at Havre his first thcrmo-lamp^ but the gas which he obtained bring a mixture of carburetted hydrogen and oxide of carbon, and but imperfectly freed from its impurities, g&ve; only a -feeble light and" evolved an insupportable odour, and the result was that but liltie riavour was shown to the new discovery. The inventor ultimately died, ruined by Ms experimenis. The English soon put in pracice the crude ideas of Lo Bon. In 1604, Windsor patented and churned the credit of inventing the process of lighting by gas; in 1805, several shops in Birmingham ware illuminated by gas manufactured by the process of Windsor & Murdock. Among those who used this new light was Watt; the invriilor of the steam-engine. In 1816, the first use wasmade of gas in London, and it was not until -1818 that -this-invention, really of French origin, was applied in France.—Haitf* (New Fork) Jferdhznh' Magazine, A Hungry Wit.—A gentleman diiiing at a fashionable hotel, whereservants were few and-fkr between, dispatched a lad amangthemfbr a cot^f beef. After a long time the lad retnroed,and, placing ft hefiwe the faint sad hungry gentleman, was Asked, " Are vou thelad who took my plate for this t>eef£*^~ -Yea, Sir." * Bless me/' resumed the hungry wi^ how yon have grown I" 