I AN ENGLISH WINTER SCENE. ? These' items) do Oranges Dickens. the m left in? Chambers at five o'clock night or monies, I had BRaved my mind's ÄS1,""1 was miserably cold, and gone To,, hatlGn.cra,1 all-Pervading seem ffnX iT,n?iulit0 be 1,imßecl>which x haT ITlff inseparable from untimely Hon m Mendl olIc«ß>stnnces. pressure, LlolnQrmbeL the forlorn aspect of enemy LleUlSftmc OUT of the temple!, »orlho^IT!1'8 fluttering in the gully starving, girl d8*u the, Ve'y T wore 001 Pi "leak north ', Äe wWto-tojiiwd houses at (S S; a"Äteds\ty; lhom.-ketpropio >latetho,r i y Before, brought', to ch-! m&, wt fTzenbl00Q; the hospi know if the few coffee-shop faCe, iäf that, will open for such high t.. ''a hard, dry, frosty lime with Nnady fcZ, up charged the wind had fichus , ring, and?, every crevice), and It is yfacelikeastcelwhii). Moresi nine days to '190 MIld of the the 1 to Leiml of r% year and I had no IMaih I ,? a Visit to a certain spot F^aofYoik.líire Game) at tUc' furHwf ^.?1minm.,noiNo'rAhorn EnUway at St < generally and myself, in coin in on! with some other people, affecting to lament row, but which everybody dreaded as a very serious penance then. I and secured the box ' e lit on the fastest of these, and my business in Fleet-street was to get into a cab with my portmanteau, so to make the best of my way to the Peacock at Islington, where I was to join this coach. But, when one of our Temple watchmen who carried my portmanteau into Fleet-street for me, told me about the huge blocks of ice that had for some days past been floating in the river, having closed up in the night and made a walk from the Temple Gardens over to the Surrey shore, I began to ask myself the question, Whether the box-seat would not be likely to put a sudden and a frosty end to my unhappiness? I wnsheait-brokcn, it is true, and yet I was not quite so far gone as to wish to be frozen to' death. When I got up to the Peacock where I found everybody drinking hot pull, in self pi efervntioii-L asked if there were an inside sent to share? I then discovered that inside or out I was the only passenger. This gave me a still livelier idea of the great inclemency of the weather, since that coach always kneel particularly well. However, I took a little purl (which I found uncommonly good and got into the coach. When I was seated they built me up with straw to the waist, and, conscious of making a rather ridiculous in rearance. I began my journey. It was still dark when we left the Peacock. For a little while, pale uncertain ghosts of houses and trees appeared and vanished, and the n it was a hard, black, frozen day. People were lighting their fires; smoke was motint ii g "straight up, high into the rarefied air and we, wore a attling for Highgate Archway, over the hardest ground I have ever heard the ring of iron shoes on. As we got into the country, everything seemed to have grown old and grey, the roads, the trees, at pitched roofs of cottages and homesteads, the ricks in farmers yards. Out-door work was abandoned, horse-trough at roadside inns were frozen hard, no stragglers bungeet about, doors were close shut, little turnpike-houses had blazing fires inside, and children (even turnpike-people have children, and seem to like them) clubbed the frost from the little panes of glass with their chubby arms, that their bright eyes might catch a glimpse of the soli- tary coach going by I don't know when the Miowbegnn to set in, but I know that we we of changing horses somewhere when I heard the guard remark, " That the old lady up in the sky was picking her geese pretty hard to-day." Ellen, indeed, I found the white down falling soft and thick. The lonely day wore on, and I dozed it out as a lonely traveller does. I was warm and vnliantaftereatingandehinking-paiticularly after dinner; cold and depressed at all other times. I was always bewildered as to time and place, and always more or less out of my m nsi'S. The coach and horses seemed to excite in chorus, Auld Lang Syne, without a moment's intermission. They kept the time and tune with the greatest regularity, and rose into the swell at the beginning of the refrain with a precision that worried met of death. While we changed horses, the guard of drachmas went stumping up and down the road, printing off their shoes in the snow, and, poured so much liquid consolation into themselves without being any the worse for it, that I began to confound them, as it slackened again, with two great white casks Ft i riding on end. Our horses tumbled down in solitary places, and we got them up which was the pleasantest variety I had, for i' warmed me. And it snowed and Snowden, and still it snowed, and never left off snowing. All night long we went on in this manner. rJhns, we came round the clock, upon the Great North Road, to the performance of Auld Lang Syne, by day again. And it snowed and i snowed, and still it snowed, and never left off 1 En owing. ¡ I forget now where we were at noon on the second day, and where we ought to have been; but I know that we were scores of miles behindhand, and that our case was growing , worse every hour. The drift was becoming prodigiously deep ; landmarks were getting showed out: the road and the fields were all one instead of having fences and hedgerows to guide us, we went crunching on, over an unbroken surface of ghastly white that might sink beneath us at any moment and drop us down a whole hill-side. Still, the coachman and guard who kept together on the box, always in council, and looking well alone them-made out the tract with astonishing sagacity. When we came in sight of a town, it looked to my fancy, like a large drawing on a slate' ? with abundance of slate pencil expended on the churches and houses where the snow lay thickest. When we came within a town, and found the church clocks all stopped, the dial faces choked with snow, and tile inn signs blotted out, it seemed as if the whole place were overgrown with white moss. As to the coach, it was more snowball ; similarly the men and boys who ran along beside us to the town's enel turning our clogged wheels and encouraging our horses, were men and boys of snow and the bleak wild solitude to vihichtheyat last dismissed us was a snowy Enharah. One would have thought this enough ; notwithstanding which, I pledge my avoid that it snowed and showed, and still it snowed, and never left off snowing, i We performed Auld Lang Syne the whole day ; seeing nothing out of towns and villages but the track of stoats, hares, and foxes, and sometimes of birds. At nine o'clock at night, on a Yorkshire moor a cheerful burst from our home, and a welcome sound of talking, with a glimmering and moving about of lanterns, roused me from my shows State. I found that we were going to change. They helped me out, and I said to a waiter to 1,060 bare head became as white as King' liar's in a single minute: "What inn is this?" " The Holly Tree, air," said he". "Upon my word, I believe, said I, apolo- getically to the guard and coachman, "that I must stop here. Now, the landlord, and the landlady and the ostler, and the postboy, and all the stable authorities, had already asked the coachman to the wide-eyed interest of all the rest of the establishment, if he meant to go on? The coachman had already replied, "Yes, held ' takes her through its meaning by her the C(. see-" if so be as George would stand by him. George was the guard, and he had already sworn that he would stand by him go, the helpers were already getting the h'isesout. Wy declaring myself beaten after this parley y shot an announcement without preparation is deed, but for the way to the announce" n not being smoothed by the purley, I more" t) no doubt whether as an innately bashful man, I should have had the confidence . t. make it. As it was, it received the an proved even of the guard and coachman II encore, with many confirmations of mv Henning, and many remarks from one by Hi order to another, that the gentleman could in for and by the mail to- morrow, whereas It night he would only be froze, and where was the good of a gentleman being froze all he alone buried alive (which latter clause ii f fielded by a humorous helper as a joke of it ) expense, and was extremely well received) I saw my portmanteau got out stiff, like a fi oxen body ; did the handsome thing by the ' suited and coachman; wished them go all' night and a prosperous journey; and a little ashamed of myself after all, for leaving them to fight it out alone, followed the landlord landlady, and waiter of the Holly Tree at-' stans. ___________ Discovery of Title to Valuable Pno lJäitTY in New Your City and New Jersey -Two of our citizens (says the Oswego Palladium, have recently discovered titles to a large estate in New York city and in New Jersey of which they have remained in bliss- ful ignorance all their lives. The property in 1,1 w ,jkJ.8 now claimed by the discovery of some, old title-deeds which have been lost since the time of the Revolution, The circumstances are, that about the time of the blocking out of the Revolution an old lady feeling upon a farm now embracing the most central part of New. York city, and unwilling to encounter the troubles incident to the approaching struggle, returned to Hyland, her native country, to remain till the war was over, leaving. daughter in New A oak; and sons in the country. But unfor- tunately, a year previous to the close of the year she died suddenly, and when search was made for the deeds to her farm and other property this country they could not lay mind, and remained undiscovered until a few weeks ago. In the meantime her family . lvnB scattered, and her personal effects hous uphold furniture, &c;, were distributed with a hem. Among other articles, a relative came into possession of an old bureau that had been in her family forty years. It had always been noticed by the possessor of this old hefty loom that upon the under side of one of the >l drawers was nailed firmly square piece of n . * " was supposed to have been placed there to cover a hole or defect in the drawer A few weeks ago, however, (he lady who por tcBf eel the article was side-on overhauling its sentry and »?H«»iB out the drawer ww complet. Ty sound-to remove this piece of tin in doing so what should she discover hit the long missing documents consisting of seven title deeds, on parchment in the Dutch language all in a perfect state of pi reservation of course this discovery was at once made known to the relatives and heirs-among the number two well known citizens of swine and the proper stops for recovering the property most of which is now held by the Cor I i elation of New York are about to be taken But this is not all The discovery of the e ejectments has led to the discovery of title t) I i valuable property embracing, some fifty tho i s md acres of land in New Jersey In tin-. c see it set in an ancestor of these heirs who was a large landholder nearly one hunch 1 years ago leased a large quantity of land in New Jersey in small farms to different in 1 V i duals for a term of ninety nine years These leases are now about to expire and the lie] city will revert to the head above name 1 1 um Tem and her New Huon AND An ong the events of the week is the third n range of Mrs Sara Paybon Eldndge so widely and popularly known by the morn I 7 li me of Fanny Tem The happy had groom is Mr Thomas Barton who as a Ittcratcur first became prominent as the big imphee of Philosopher Greeley Fanny his lien the occupant for some time past of ii so one of rooms at the New York Hotel being known as Mrs Payson and her husband there successfully wooed her. She is about three years the senior of Mr Parton and as she has two half grown daughters Mr P may be said to be reaping the fruits of autumn in the early summer of his life. The courtship was not a protracted one and the appellation "pa" with which he will hence forth be addressed by the little Eldridges doubtless will strike him as an incongruous novelty. The lady is looking remarkably well - in fact, she is the duplicate of N P "W Ellis bet brother in petticoats in I found Sand any one who know c in and at once recognise her I the Description The ceremony was conduct I was much secrecy but gossip says tin, of Mr Walter as he is called in li 1 c k South Hall - Olive Dyer or 11 i I actionable scarecrow editor of the Music in review as his acquaintances call him - A said, had he not already possessed 11 ¡ unable wife, have become the third bye h of the redoubtable Fanny Fern As he \ each Patton has always been upon am and not to say intimate terms with Nat Willi and oh Tunny bates that individual with a 1 steel surpassing the hatred each of worn in (the strongest team at my command) of marriage will of course estrange the fine ship of these gentlemen As you are aware Fanny hut. a second husband now him in "Wisconsin Mi barrister- who obtain" a divorce from her because she refused elton company him when he removed from the east to his present residence She basically 1 about twenty thousand dollars from the sale of books and her pen lenders her people i h independent of the world Success to her - N Y Correspondent of the child Mr and 1 RFUICTIONS OF THE 1 EMPEROR NICHOLAS IN 1841 The Indianapolis Journal gives the following extract from a lecture given by Hon R W Elsworth late Minister to Sweden but, the language of the late Emperor of Russia used in an interview with the lec- turn - So said the Emperor Nicholas in a memorable day) lomatic interview I saw him and your sinker during those he revolutions that struck down Bungil j i modelled France and broke the bond of union between Denmark and her devoted Duchess emiMiig nearly every monarch to tumble to his throne- Sir I new calmly all the i station Ku it is untouched and will not b mingled with it He hour is notict com though her destiny cannot be long delayed 1 She will soon be involved in 1 retracted contest in which England J i rd France will be for open events those nations so long and so naturally hostile to a rib other will be arrayed in unison again her ' And what your Majesty will be 11 is out of this great contest ' I avoided Inonel doubt, to Russia I shall use supers it to nil reverses anclpiotract the contest will T Y i ly out my enemies But their is noth i i i looming in the distance-a struggle I ten con intentional and restrict done a chain which nearly all Europe william c 11 owed to Russia while Turkey has made in army with Persia and Assn will be fighting I her side And how is to visit this s send conflict J Still several 15 to cross in on it will be bloody and protracted But a third and still mightier contest is in preaching in which the world while in- volved-a struggle between what is call d turning many form and freedom Late I struggle your nation will be forced on i t- present police and compelled to taken 1 ding party It will be a struggle such as 1 story never has recorded " V Tier son Mr Macauiai-Di Tu shin, on state 1 in the Admiralty Court on his c p that for ty years" ago he was counsel in for relating to the very ship which 1 touch AA William III to that country The J cedr Virgo v tells a story of a work is of man -are really destitute committing Hiictdem that town by forcing a reel flagpoles in his throat The Austrian Consul at Jerusalem has i ( ned from his Government a very large sum 1st the election within the wills of the tow c i consular buildings in hospice and a pair in the Archbishop of Vienna The Later 1 spinach is building a palace for himself an n ci Rego at Both Sale near Bethlehem The railway between Cairo inclA!c\anl i i t ear open to general traffic and pits en, i i m clown in seven hours the only 1 reau. > fl a line being;, on the Rosetta branch of th I is where the fire is not yet complete 1 The arangements on the railroad neglect t dissection The changes are very superior 1 on rest £400 for King or PoitTumr - Many favorable planes may be drawn from the habits of this gang king He uses invariably it sixain s d studies till eleven This concluded he pi which is to put the business of the day II d main studies till he hears the ominous I the dinner held After the men! he usually i des or weeks but it is said that his M i-f} lines drawn up a very excellent cold v i relations and arrangements for a match of b heads of primary instruction we rib is s i i eli needed throughout the coming i) mi 111 he is resolved upon their estates) ment '-LiriNci Even in Swam- It may not I 1 near Picton 1 a very narrow circle that ft x of It piled and expensive machines are in his be of op ration in setting type in the est i 1 ailment of Mr flow in this city 1 her i believed to be me in use to some extent ii I up in Hi tine exception those the the ch m innes actually working for this pin are within our knowledge These five go in] for month to ten large and an equal sum 1 i of small cells with a foreman towels c and one additional female to supply the machines with a pe '1 to come shots after a few relieve each other just setting and it justifying a quantity of matter which the Rinnlh r attendants busy themselves in still alive; and arranging the types for turn machines Thieethoiisuiidenis of longtime: Jue leon "< t her home on turns six thou and in a day of ten hold of by one our ha i t eli deal ends of crime on the skill of the minor Ihcextiemo capacity of the ma flame h ten thousand per horn equal to 1 in a column and a half of this ft) of in the Times 1 lit this limit will probably behave in a ch c The machine is driven I A Caban c in a | alley and the labour of setting consists in a ages are a set of 1 orb like a piano Ead kind is can put forward on a separate band and deposited continuously on a single tape u anning diagonally across the line of those 3 John this second taps they are dropped into a wheel which in turn leaves them standing in single file on a long gallery from which never taken and made up into lines of 1 paper length The enterprise has not until quite lately been made to assume a form in a which it appeals pecuniarily profitable and even yet must be reckoned as a hopeful ex 1 element rather than a compliant success A w York Tribune 