DESTITUTE BOARD. ASYLUM, PARK LANDS : MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4. Present — The Very Rev. M. Ryan (in the chair), the Rev. R. Haining, the Rev. J. Gardner, the Colonial Sur- geon, Messrs. W. Giles, 3, Stocks, and M. Moorhouse. APrOUTMKNT. \Zr* \vin=t ininv n-'ij nrmiiMifi-d ffomnnmrilv) Aetimr N'urse; the anointment to give 'her no claim ta ths permanent situation. AVERAGE COST OP l'AUPER ItTKEnALS. J!r. Stocks referred to the report or the Comptroller, published in the last Gazette, wliich gave the gross amminis csjiended on pnupcr funerals, in various loca lities, without s'SMifiir.sr the number or funerals in each K-ality. He th'o:islit }i import nit to specify in future reports Jhc number of funcraJa in each place, that the average cost mi;iht be ascertained. Mr. jlc.oauoi.-s!-: said deaths frequently occurred at a diutanccofsMiieiiiiks from the point indicated, which in Fit-jii ciscs would mtail increased expense. It was rcsolwd to give in future the average C'st of funerals at each locality specified in the report. I.tSCOP JJSSEKTKD r.OiII.Il!S. Mr, Stocks thought the nominal list of deserted fami lies rcceU'tfiV relief from that Board1, as published in the last G'isefle, s-l!o«M bs published in the local pvpcH. 5Ir. ilo.iimopsi: said tho Government had been in tho habit of publishing those lists hi the Meloourne rnpers, and :il jo by hindbilU circulated en the cold-fields. Ho mi^ht remark tint three eases had occured latcly_ in wliicli men Jr.'J been shamed into returning' and taking chatsjc ef their fiuni 'Uf. Mr. Stocks wag strongly of opinion that many men who lia-l abandoned tlicir families were living and ob taining £ood wanes in this colony; if so, and the local papers printed grain the names of families abandoned, it minht do {rrcnt Rood, The Re?. -Mr. Gakdwbr thought thej; should, if thoy determined on publishing the list, pay lor it iu tho ordi nary way. A conversation followed, which resulted 3n a resolution to publish the list of families receiving assistance from that L'uard in consyqiuncc of their desertion by husbands an;l fathers in the Adelaide daily and weekly papers. HUMBLE INDIGENCE. Miss Hart submitted to the Board a piece of beef, which she condemned as unfit for her use, and not such as had been ordered for her that morning by the Colonial Surgeon. The COLONIAL SURGEON said he had ordered Miss Hart a pound of good beef that morning. He confessed he saw nothing wrong in the beef produced. The Board unanimously approved of the qualify of the meat. Miss HART, who walked into the Board-room with all the insolence of a workhouse revolver, said she would have justice ; that she would insist on. She would not take that meat ; she would leave it there. She would have proper support, or none at all. They had robbed her from first to last, and she would let them know it. She would let them see whether the Colonial Secretary would support them or her. Standing in the doorway, retreating, she held up her arm like the ghost of Caesar, and said, in a voice that would have been solemn had it not been cracked — Remember, justice ! The Board resolved that Miss Hart shall in future be treated precisely the same as any other pauper. OUTfiOOB RELIEF. A letter was read from Mr. Bowman, of Hie Pine Forest, requesting assistauce for a woman who had three L'faiidch'ldren left with her by her daughter, who i.~,i ,. .nn tn flio irnlrf.fifllda in spurch of her husband. The poor woman ha-! twoeluiurcnot nerown toiupporr. The Board resolved to continue for three months the single ration alrci.ly granted t - this woman. A' letter from Mr. J. ll.Shepherdion, of Mount Barker, applied to the Board for aid to a destitute woman with four children and her aged mother; also, lor an infirm female, aged 70 j ears. ,.,,,. ., The Board ordered continued relief for three months to those women. Another letter from Mr. Shepherdson referred to tho ca=c or a man named Ryan, who had been reaping for five days, whin lie fell ill. Ho was now lying in Mr. L. McFarianc's barn, and, although recovering, was com pletely destitute. .,.,,,. The Uev. Mr. Rvak said the man arrived with his family in the Afiincourt, ho believed; as to his illness and indigence, the statement was quite correct. Ths Board pnbrcd the man to be removed to the Adclaiuc Hospital. MACCMtSFIBLD. A letter from the police- officer in charge at Macclcs field reported that the young man, Thoma3 Hawkins, au immigrant hy ths Victoria Ucfria, was recovering under the treatment of Dr. I'ergtuon, called attention to tho (xpmse incurred, and asked for uiloraiauon as to hew the'writer shonld proceed in similar cases. Jt appeared .tint the question as to the payment or medical men in the country is under the consideration of the GoTcrnmcur, and this luattcr must await its CA*ictter was nad from Mr. Anderson, of Morphctt Vale, asking relief tor a poor woman with a family, who has been le!t destitute by the death of her husband, a late arrival. ? ' Rations ordered for three months. .... A letter was read which reported an accident to a young German immigrant, who was injured by a horse while in the service of Jazper Kruss, Grunthal, and ask ing the Board to pay the medical expenses. Refused. A leltcr gent to the Colonial Secretary, and by tha officer referred to tho Board, was considered. It referred to the case of a young woman who, in passing the City Waterworks, was suddenly seized with Jabour-sickness, and, having been humanely sheltered at that establish ment, was delivered. The letter implied a charge of neglect against the Relieving Officer. Mr. Tapley stated what he did in the matter, and The Board, having fully investigated the case, re solved that, while it is the duty of the Relieving Officer to attend promptly between Board days to all urgent .cases of distress, there was no cauae to censure ms con duct in that particular case. . , An old man, accompanied by three daughters, applied ^ThtcnAiBJTAy said the females would be entitled to shelter in the Depot, were it not that their father was in the colony. He thought them fit : s?1^* for re llcf' M they Kcrenot more than a fortnight in the colony. Mr Gasdsiii thought it would, be sufficient to give 'fc^i^-Wbat are those girM.d.do? They P°ThehCptofiALSraVsoW considered the girls should ^t.^tSs-nv have already had a .night's rations; but urged on them tho necessitj for exertion to obtain employment as the relief could not bo .Soveral cases whero relief had been granted were struck off, and others after full enqniry were put on the ration list for a short time. - ' (h'o decision appeared harsh. A poor woman rrom the Port, with a child in. her arms, which in cooler weaiher would havo been a heavy loid for a strong man, stated that she had no food for her childrcB, ana tnat !,--» Vnotinnri had deserted her. Sho was ordered to iroduce a noto from Dr. Duncan. She said he had re fused to give her a note, and urged in tears her absolute want of food for her children. Tho Board ordered her to withdraw, and obtain a noto from Dr. Duncan. We saw this poor creature outside, bewailirig her destitution, and frantically declaring that rather than see her children starve before her face she would put an end to them and herself. 