THE BANANA IN AUSTRALIA To the Editor of the SydneyMorning Herald. Sir,---Among the Moreton Bay news in your issue of to-day, your correspondent announces the discovery at Rockingham Bay, by the shipwrecked crew of the Reindeer, of a "river of considerable size, on the banks of which wild bananas were growing." With respect to the discovery of the river, I may mention that the Bay was surveyed years ago, and that several rivers sure laid down upon the published Admiralty charts. For allusions to these rivers, any one tolerably well acquainted with the progress of Australian geographi- cal discovery, would recommend your correspondent to look again at the published " Voyages, &c;," which he alludes to, and further refer him to Carron's account of Kennedy's expedition, where he will find frequent mention made of the difficulties experienced in crossing them. Your correspondent looks upon the discovery of the banana upon the mainland of Australia as a novelty, and speculates accordingly. The "island at a con- siderable distance from the coast," as he erroneously considers it to be, he will find to be expressly men- tioned as Dunk Island, Rockingham Bay ; and in the same work, from which he probably mis-quoted this piece of information, he will find the banana recorded as grow- ing wild at Cape York. It is also mentioned by Carron as having been met with by him upon the mainland. But there is no need for hunting up modern records when we find that so far back as June 1770, the banana was found by Captain Cook and his people at Endea- vour River, as recorded in his " Voyages," &c.; These matters are, I am aware, of little interest to most of your readers, still there are many persons who like to see the credit of any and every discovery, how- ever trivial, bestowed upon the right person. I am, Sir, yours, &c.;, THE GHOST OF COOK. February 4, 1856. P.S.-When is the long-talked-of monument to my memory to be seriously thought of? I was in hopes that G. V. Brooke had stirred you up a little, but, alas! the enthusiasm in my behalf, raised by him, has died away, and what with electioneering and the "New Constitution," the discoverer of your country is quite forgotten. 