The Masked Ball. BY PLEESMAN X. If my eart is sad and dreary, And my sperrits very low You wont wonder, kertchus reader, Wen the moanful caws u know. Friday last came Sargent Downin, And he most perlitely said— "Youre appinted for to go to Mister Jacobs' maskerade." And I went; I weni widi, Such a dismal lot of dummies, Dansin speechless, dansin lifeless, Much the same as Gypsum mummies. Ive beheld at exekooshuns, Jack Ketch draw the fatal bolt; I have seen the crookback Richard Done to death by Clarence Holt. I have been to sollem berrins; I have read a five act play; Ive indoord in spongy England, Many a raw November day. In the galry of the kounsel, For two mortal ours I sate, Like a marter, while the members Holmeses contrakt did debate. I have even read the leaders, In the Errald which appear; I was once injooced to drink a Pint of thick coloneyal beer. But the licker brood by Murphy, But the Errald's 'eavy lore; But the talkin in the Kounsel— But the fog as made me frore, But the play, and all the berrins, But the murder on the boards Of the play-house or the skaffold, Not a faint approach affords To the dismal, dreary dolor Wich my feelins did oppress, Wen I seed them gloomy people, Dancin in their fancy dress. Silent as a quaker's meetin' Or a hundertaker's moot, Or a haged howl as can't not Raise a sollingtary hoot. Gents in nite-gowns, likewise some as Did appear in female dresses; Likewise sum in Turkish garments Wearin beerds and krimson fezzes; Likewise femails dresst as pages; Likewise some in skanty muzzling,— (Where the skirts was, is a kwestion Apt to rise, but very puzzling;) Howsomever Turks nor feemails, Gents in nite-gowns,—no! not one, Did appear to comprehend as There was any caul for fun; So they went throo all the figgers,— Letty, passtorell and pool, Poker, shottish, walce, and gallop, Jest like pewpills in a skool;— Sulling, stoopid, glum and gloomy, Hawkerd and without a spree,— (Pleese to make a-spree italics,) Sich a site I never see. Thorts of sooiside oppresst me, Pistil, pison, razer, rope;— For sich wicked thorts, deer reeder, Yure forgiveness may I ope? Worter's sorrows, Stern's dead donkey, Desdymoaner suffikated, Never could my feelins so ave Arrow-head and hagriwated. And, when I went ome to supper, Sarah says, says she to me, "X my deer, what is the matter? Youre a halterd man," says she. For a wait was on my sperrits, And my joys seem'd berried all, By the melankolly seen, I Vood at Jacobs' Fansy Ball. And all nite I dremt of ghostes, Dansin in a ghostly ball, To a ghostly band a-playin' Handle's ghostly March in Saul. So all nite I tosst and tumbled; And, wen I got up next day, I went strait to Sargent Downin, And to him I thus did say:-- "Don't not send me never no more Untoe such a maskerade; For my brain will never stand it, I am very much afraid. "Such another nite as Friday, And my reason's at an end; And Perleesman X is bookt for, Doctor Bowie's, Yarra Bend." 