THE LEEDS POISONING CASE. THE trial/of William Dove for the murder of his wife by strychnine, commenced at York on the lGth July, before Mr. Baron Bramwell, Thc High Sheriff had made precautionary arrangements to guard against the expected crowd, \ by ?? causing barriers to bo erected at the entrance to the court, and a strong: body of police to bo in. attendance, in addition to tho ordinary javelin men. On being placed at tho bar, Dove pleaded " Not Quilty," in a firm and collected tone of voice. In appearance (says one account) ho is a young man ' about 30 years of age, respectably dressed and intelli , gent-looking, without anything remarkable about him ' to attract observation. Another reporter states that he has a twitching of tho eyelids, which gives a sinister expression to'his face. ; Throughout the day, he ap I pcored perfectly.collected;-and self-possessed, juid oo~ I casionally looked indifferent ' ' :.- %> . Mr, Overend, vQ.C, Mr. Hardy, and'Mr. Ii. H. Bayley, appeared for the prosecution j and Mr. Bliss, Q.C., Mr. Serjeant Wilkins, Mr. Hall, and Mr. Mid dleton, were for the prisoner. : The facts of this case were so fully narrated in this journal at the time the case was before tho magistrates aud tho coroner's jury, that it would be unnecessary to repeat them hero. The chief testimony with respect to motive had reference to tho prisoner's drunken habits, his violence to his wife, who upbraided him for his intemperance, and his threatening to " do her job for her," if she did not " mind her own business." _ A suspicious fact came out with respect to the obtaining of poison. Two or three days before Mrs. Dove's death, Mr. Morley's groom came out of the anteroom to the surgery, and he met Mr. Dove going into the surgery. At that time, there was no one in the sur- gery ; and after he had watered his horses, the groom saw tho gas at full height in the surgery. He then went into the surgery, and found Mr. Dove with the gas up, putting it down, and looking very much flurried. Ho said, "lhavo come to light my pipe." He was there twenty minutes alone, and he knew where the poison was.. Ono or two other additional facts were brought, for- . ward; as that, during his wife's illness, he osten- tatiously asked some of. his friends if they< had not noticed that he was obliged to quit the sick-room, overcome by grief. On the night of the death, he told a Mr. Young, a confectioner, that his wife was çone, and that he wished he could weep, he was so excited ; adding, " Oh, that last look of hers, how it haunts me ! " After that, he went to a public- house, got two glasses of brandy-and-water, and said his wife was dead, and the doctors had told him she could not live; which was not true, . The object of the cross-examination was to show that Dove was under the influence of delirium tremens, and insane, and that he fancied himself haunted by fiends, and talked of having bartered his. soul to the devil. The case for the prosecution closed on July 17; and on tho. following morning Mr. Bliss ad- dressed the Court for tho defence. His'speech occupied five hours and a half in delivery, nnd waa not so much occupied with the facts of the case as with a variety of facts in the life of the prisoner, tending to show that he had long been of unsound mind. This view was supported by reference to the interpretations laid down in the works of medical men as to what it was that constituted insanity. A number of witnesses were then examined, who had known the prisoner at different periods through his life. They all deposed to circumstances which went , to show that he was weak, silly, and irresponsible, and they all declared their belief that he was insane. \ The Court adjourned at a late hour. Ontheresumptionof the trial on the following morn- ing, 19th July, the Court- house, as upon every former day, was densely crowded. The demeanour of the prisoner remained unaltered. He still preserved the most perfect coolness and self-command. He was dressed in a new suit of black, and appeared either unconcerned at his awful position or unconscious Of it. ' vi Several witnesses were examined to the same effect as those who had given their testimony on the day before. Mr. Thornton, a schoolmaster, who had known the prisoner since 1852, deposed to the fact that his conversation had always been wild and incoherent, that he could not speak rationally for more than a minute pr two, that he was afraid of ghosts and gob- lins, that he employed a wizard to charm hislandlord's Bte ward, sb that he might leave him in possession of his farm, &c; , and mentioned several strange and ec- centric things.-Dr. Caleb Williams, the medical at- tendant of the Retreat at York ; Mr. Kitchen, one of tho superintendents of the Retreat; and.Dr. Smith, the_ proprietor of a lnnatic asylum, testified to their belief that the prisoner was of unsound mind-a con- clusion to which they were led by the fact3 elicited at the trial, and by personal examination of the pri- soner. Tins evidence closed the case for the defence, upon which Mr. Ovorrcnd replied atgreat length, contending that the defence of insanity, was merely an after- thought ; that the prisoner had always been vicious and cruel, which was no proof in itself of insanity ; and that if a criminal who had committed so cold-blooded a murder, was allowed to escape on such ground, no hearth in the kingdom would be safe from poison. Mr. Baron Bramwell commenced summing up the evidence at four o'clock. His charge to thejury occu- pied six hours. At 10 o'clock the jury retired, and after an absence of 35 minutes returned into court. The foreman announced that the jury had found the prisoner Guilty, but recommended him to mercy on the ground of his possessing a defectivo intellect. Baron Bramwell then passed sentence of death iii tho "anni fr>rm. Tho «nmitinn nffl.n annfnnne Will depend in a great measure upon, the opinion which" may be expressed by his lordship, upon forwarding to the Home Secretary the recommendation of the jury. ' 