THE DRAMA; Royal VioroniA Theatre. — The fame of Mrs. Sinclair as an authoress and' actress has long preceded her, and expectation was on tip-too when her name was announced in Beatrice, in Shakespeare's comedy — Much Ado about Nothing, a piece which undoubtedly requires a ! thoroughly intellectual audience to be fully appreciated. Whilst Shakespeare was for a while banished from tlie London theatres, and even 'now, only flourishes in two or three out.of the many in the great metropolis, it is highly creditable to Sydney taste that he is ever welcome and warmly greeted when represented by accomplished artistes. 'i'hat Mrs. Sinclair is one ot the highest class cannot lie doubted for a moment; her impersona tion of Beatrice bearing nature's mint mark of tho purest gold. ' To a graceful form and expressive face are added intellectuality —(most precious gift) and a pure and musical voice. If these be not the combinations of excellence we are at a loss to know what are. We have no hesitation in saying that Mrs. Sinclair is one of the finest actresses who ever came wiihin our ken, and tlie warm plaudits which she received throughout her per formance satisfies us that ours is not a solitary opinion. Mr. Sedloy is by no means unworthy to act the Benedict to snch a Beatrice ; and that, by tlie way, is not, indifferent laudation : he understood the author and embodied his creation with fidelity. Mr. Vinson, of whom we have frequently been called upon to speak .in favorable terms, did not deteriorate- from his dramatic reputation by his personation of Lconalo ; and Mr Dunn added another feather to his cap by his rendering of Dogberry. .It exhibited the breadth of comedy without vulgarity.. We have spoken, as in duty bound, first of the new-comers, but in justice to the stock company, wc feel it an" equal duty , to remark that their efficiency helped to produce the perfect picture, which was ex hibited on Monday niglit. As artists we earnestly hope to see a whole gallery of such. The comedy, was repeated on the following night with equal success On Wednesday . a dramatic play, of considerable interest, was produced. It bears the. title of Madelaine, or the Foundling of Paris. Mrs. Sinclair sustained the princi pal character, in Which she furnished additional evi dence of her great 'Thespian capacities. 'The piece was well cast throughout, embracing, as it did. the names of Miss Wnrde, Mr. Sedlcy, Mr. J. II. Vinson, and Mr. Hoi- lowav. The drama was succeeded liy Nan the Good for Nothing, in which the clever Miss A M. Quinn appeared once more, and was warmly greeted. Her acting wus good as ever. Unseal Jack afforded Mr. Dunn an opportunity of keeping the audience in a roar. Miss ltosa Dunn, his daughter, played Lucy, neatly and piquantlg ; she is a very promising actress. Th e Blessed Baby cannot have better parents than Mr Dunn and Mrs. A. Torning. The Baliy is likely to run — not alone. 'The houses have improved throughout tlie week.' English Opera House. — If success commensurate with tlie merits of this theatre lie not obtained, it certain ly cannot be ascribed to the want of talent, excellence of management or spiritedness of the Lessee. 'The operas ot" La'Sonnlunliula" " Lhcia Di Laminermoor" and the " Bohemian Girl" have been repeated during tho week. On Tuesday there was an admirable Musical Melange, in addition to the 2nd act of the " Bohemian Girl." " Bound the Pibroch" was sung with much sweetness and power by Miss Julia Harland ; tlie full band accompaniment made it warlike. "The Desert" a descriptive scene, was beautifully rendered by Mr. Farquharson. Itwns most enthusiastically received, as was " Simon tlie Cellarer." 'The magnificent voice and taste of this gentleman were never more fully developed. Mr. Walter Shurwin- -sang' "We msiy be happy Yet" most pleasingly : whilst the " Laughing Trio" " Va da si via di qua" was most efficiently rendered by these accom plished artistes, who we regret to say, are about to hid us farewell. Mr. Hoskins, who now officiates us stage manager and director) relaxed tlie risible muscles of the audience by his impersonations of Colonel Jack Delaware , in "The Fust < rain" and Mr. Wyndham in the "Hand some Husband" Arcades ambu — capital bits of acting both. In the latter puico lie was ably supported liy Mrs. Guerin. A splendid organ of Leviathan size is in the c'ourse'of erection upon the stage of this theatre. This will afford most powerful assistance to tlie musical department. Our Lyceum, — The performances of the week opened with Hamlet, which, of course, exercised a "magnetic influence " over the community. We do not mean to somniferize th'c'ui, but to draw fhem in. Mr. Brooke's representation of tlie Prince was grand in. the extreme. It might be -''termed faultless, had it not been for tho length of the pauses, and the slowness of delivery iu certain passages. It was nearly midnight ere the tragedy was concluded. Mr. Heir played the Ghost with due solemnity. Of Mr. Lambert's Bolonius, and Mr. Stephens' Gravedigger we have previously recorded our opinion, which recognized their merits. Mrs. Heir s Ophelia is a chaste and sweet performance ; one upon wliiuh there is a delight in lingering. On Wednesday, Buhvor's Richelieu introduced Mr. Edwards to a Sydney audience in tlie charm-tar of Barudas. lie is likely to bo an acquisition to the company. Thursday -was especially set apart for tho followers of Democritus — 'The Angel of the Attio, Tub Irish Attorney, and 'The Laughing Hyena, constituting tlio- card. Mr. Brooke in Fierce 0'IJara was inimitable. The last piece was admirably filled by Mr. Craven, Mr. Stephens. Mrs. H. T. Craven and Mrs. Crosby. We are glad to perceive that Lovolt's play of Love's Sacrifice is in rehearsal, and will shortly be produced. Wc look forward with tlie utmost anxiety for the rich treat, which the Matthew Elmore of Mr. Brooke will afford. The Sydney Amateur Dramatic Club. — On Tucsdny evening the members of this -club performed nt " Our Lyceum" in aid of tlie charities of the City. Tlio pciccs selected wore tlie comedy of the " llivuis" and the furco of " .Slasher and Crasher." His Excellency, the Governor General, Lady Denison and family were present, together with a large portion of the elite of Sydney, and tiie house shortly after tlie rising of the curtain pivscnted :iu animated and pleasing appearance. It would tinder any circumstances be unfair to wield tho critical pen too severely .against amateur actors, hut doubly so when their exertions were made in . the cause of charity. Nevertheless these gentlemen need not shrink from criticism .is their performances evinced throughout considerable talent, and no inconsiderable knowledge of stago tact, in which amateurs arc generally deficient. Tho best sustained character was that of Sir Anthony Absolutely Mr. J. Robertson. The petulance and Irascibility of the hasty hut kind-hearted old Baronet were well pourtrayed : and Air. Robertson seized tlio salient points of tiie character with aptitude and discrimination. Mr. G. Simpson played Captain Absolute in a. dashing off hand manner, anil Mr. Seuly sustained tlie part of Sir Lucius 0' Trigger, tlie fire eater, with spirit. Mr. H. Con noil's Acres was sufficiently funny to excite the risibility of the audience; this duel sceno in particular was uncommonly racy. Mr. E. 0. Hey wood read Faulkland well, anil the little bit of Fug wris by no means ill done by ' Sir. C. Goodchap. Tlie feinaic characters were sustained liy professional ladies, namely Lydia Languish, Mrs. H. T. Craven, Mrs: Malaprop, Mrs. Lambert Julia, Mrs. Winterbottoin an 1 Lucy, Mrs. .Crosby, it is almost iinucessury to remark that these parts were most efficiently represented. The farce went of " Shisliingly" and tlio evening's entertainments, aided by several concerted pieces played most admirably liy the orchestra, were successful and praiseworthy. 