THE PORTLANiD GUARDIAN AND NORMAN.DY O Ern.1L ADVERTISIR. Published every M1onday, Weudnesda; aind Friday-. b Protect our Iigqh t.-Ne'r` to Isfrinryo 51poit those. ,/ o her." NiONDAY, JULY 1i, 18i0. THE PATCII-WORK OF PEACE. IT is all very well to observe holiday, on bccasion of the I roclarnations of Peace, But whilst rejoicing at the present cessa tion of blood stained hostilities, we Inatur ally send our thlouglhts into tlhe future, and speculate on the question. "Is the peace likely to be a permanent one ?-Aro the na tions of Europe at last united by a lasting friendship ?" We fear not. 11However we might desire a permu nent peace, yet we can hardly indulge the expect:,tion that the peace lately concluded by tie Pleni potentiarios at Paris is of this character. Itdoes not seem to bo a peace with which the British nation is sntislied : it is looked upo' as hollow, and but. littlh hIrnou:al:e, in the circumstances of the case, to lBritain, 1Thi? Iritain gained by the wa-u, as yet, what she fought for? Was not a very ;pilnipil object of the war to hunrble a'n i ltious and aogreeisirg Russia ? but now so far from this having really been accom :pilished, it is made a boaut by thep I'Plnipo tentiaries that the Peace is, in their sense of the word,-lhcnouralle to all and humi liating to none. Under treo circumstances of the case, it does not appear how a peaee can he honourabic to England, which is not hunmiliating to aggressivo to Russia. And the peace is not looked upon as sa tisfactory by the British people. They ara disc'r;aing enough to see that England has not attained the object for which she ontered into the war, however it may suit the spirit of diplomacy to affect to consider Br-itain has received satisfaction sufficient on which to patch up a peace for the present. England has been thoroughly aroused to resent inrjustico aggression and insult, ned at the moment when she is, after a doubtful struggle, jus:t in the corn manding position to deal the decisirve blow, and secure for herself full satisfaction, the affair is, in a manner taken out of her hands, and the unblumbled enemy's pro position to discontinue hostilities, is, to be dealt with and acquiesced in as the propo sition of an unoffendmrg gentloman of strict honour and integrity. The unsophistieate 1 mind of the British people recoils at the idea of a peace with the great Russian bully, on, we may say his own terms, and at the British nations cost ~atisftectionL has not been givrn by Russia, in the terms of the present pec:e, and the British nation refuses to be sa;thiied. 'But even if Brita.in were satisfied, and the nation were fully to acquiesco in the present terms of peaca-ye the state of the European untions would not admit of a peace in tihe present rtato of affairs. The present peace settles nothing in Europa except merely removing an unpleasant enemy from the door of Russia. Various elements of di:-coniternt and hostility still remain at work nmnon?gst the Ei]uropearn na tions. The wrong:s of Ilungary are urlu dressed; the ghost of Poland still haunts the rntions. The Italian question is re vived with fresh earnestness in the very Peaco conference itself. And ]russia 'is leftat fill liberty to push her scheme of onlquest into our Indian possessions, and that one of the articles of peleo which .ecures the noutralization of the Black Sea puts it-out of the power of Blritain to siend a fleet into the Black Sea to check attempts at Indian conquest on the part of lunn-ina. Can the Peace be considered asbstanitial one? Can we wonller at the I'itihl nation being lissat.isfiued with tlhe terms of peace? If this peacen were rati Sfled by the publio opinion of 'llritain,it f would only shew, L.cw easily John iull is : 1amloned or gulled. There nro none of Sthose oljects of general European welfare which were expected fromn the war. yet attaineild by the present pere'. There is nothing g'ained forliberty,for cooutitutional yg'er: ,nnt, for the repression of despotisNI The i?inj:ries of ruin:e:d nations have not been redressed. The lussianu despot has nlat been duly h.umbled and re:trained. Humanity has not been secured in her righ s ,and the peace is not on such a basis as can be considered permanent. 