? LITTLE DORRIT. [In this chapter Mr Fancies details to Mr Arthur Clennam the various steps by which he traced out the i connection of the Dorrit family with the ownership of a large unclaimed estate of great value in Dorsetshire. This part of the story is very interesting.} CHAPTER XXXV. WHAT WAS BEHIND MR. PANCK8 ON LITTLE DORRIT'8 HAND. It was at this time that Mr Pancks, in discharge of his enmpnet with Clennam, revealed to him tho whole of his gipBoy story and told him Little Dorrit's fortune Her father was heir-at-law to a great estate that had long lain unknown of, unclaimed and accumulating. His riuht whs now clear, nothing interposed in hia wav. tho Marshalsca gates stood open, the Marshalsea walls were down, a few nourishes of his pen and ho was ox tremoly rich. In his tracking out of tho claim to its complete establishment, Mr Pancks had shown a sagacity that nothing could baffle, and a 'patience and secrcsy that nothing could tire. ' I little thought, sir,' saidPancks, ' when you and I crossed Smithfield that night, and I told you what sort of a collector I -was, that this would como of it. I little thought, sir, when I told you you were not of the Clennams of Cornwall, thutJC was ever going to tell you who were of the Dorrits of Dorsetshire.' He then went on to dotail how having th:it name re corded in his note-book, he was first attracted by the namo alone. How, having often found two exactly similar names, even belonging to the same place, to in volve no traceable consanguinity, near or distant, he did not at first give much need to this; except in the way of speculation as to whit a surprising change would be made in the condition of a little seamstress, if she could be shown to have any interest in so large a pro perty. How ho rather supposed himself to have pur sued the idea into its next degree, because there was something uncommon in tho quiet little seamstress which pleased him and provoked his curiosity. How ho had felt his way inch by inch, and ' Moled it out, sir,' (thnt was Mr Pancks's expres sion), grain by grain. How, in 'the beginning of tho labor described by this new verb, and to render which the more expressive Mr Pancks shut his ojei in pro nouncing it and shook his hair over them, he had alter nated from sudden lights and hopes to sudden darkness and no hopes, and back again, and back again. How ho hod made acquaintances in the Pr'son, expressly that ho might come and go there ns all other comers and goers did ; and how his first ray of light was un consciously given him by Mr Dorrit himself, and by his son : to both of whom ho easily becamo known ; with both of whom ho talked much, casually (' but always Moleing you'll observe,' said Mr Pancks) ; and from whom ho derived, without being at all suspeotcd, two or three little points of family history which, as ho began to hold clues of his own, suggested others. How it had at length becomo plain to Mr Prancks, that ho had made a real discovery of the heir-at-law to a great fortune, and thnt his discovery had but to be ripened to legal fulness and perfection. How ho had, thereupon, sworn his landlord, Mr. ltuRg, to secresy in a solemu manner, and taken him into Moleing partnership. Plow thoy had employed John Chivery as their sole clerk and agent, seeing to whom he was devoted. And how, until the present hour, when authorities mighty in tho ? Bank and learned in the law declared their successful labors ondud, they had confided in no othor human being. . ' So if the whole thing had broken down, sir,' con oluded Panoks, ' at tho very last, say tho day before tho other-day when I showed you our papers in the Prison yard, or say that very day, nobody bat ourselves would have boon cruelly disappointed, or a penny the worse. Cleunam, who had boon almost incessantly shaking hands with him throughout tho narrative, was reminded by this to say, in an amazement which oven tho prepa ration he had had for the tauin disclosure scarcely smoothed down, ' My dear Mr Paucks, this must have cost you a great sum of money.' ' Pretty well, sir,' snid the 'triumphant Pancks. 'No trifle, though wo did it as cheap as it could be done. And the outlay was a difficulty, let me tull you.' ' A difficulty! ' repeated Clonnam. ' But the diffi culties you have so wonderfully conquered in tho whole business! ' shaking his hand again. 'I'll tell yo i how I did it,' said tho delighted Pancks, putting his hair into a condition as elovated as himself. First, I spent all I had of my own. That wusn't much. 'I am sorry for it,' said Clennam; 'not that it nutters now, though. Then, what did you do ?' ' Then,' answered Pancks, ' Iborrowcda sum of my proprietor.' ' Of Mr. Casby? ' said Clennam. ' He's a fine old fellow.1' ' Noble old boy ; an't he ? ' said Mr Pnncks, enter ing on a series of tho dryest of snorts. 'Generous old buck. Confiding old buy. Philanthrophic old buck. Benevolent old boy ! Twenty per cent. I engaged to pay him, sir. But we never do business for Ios3, ut our shop.' Arthur felt an awkward consciousness of having, in his oxultant condition, been a little premature. ' I said to that — boiling-over old Christian,' Mr Pancks pursued, appearing greatly to relish this descrip tive epithet, ' that I had got a little project on hand;' a hopeful one ; I told him a hopeful one ; which wanted a certain i mall capital. 1 proposed to him to lend mo tho money on my note. Which ho did, at twenty: slicking tho twenty on in a businoss-like way, and put ting it into tho note, to look like a part of tho principal. If I had broken down after that, I should have boon his Rrnbhor for 1I10 next seven years at half-wages and double grind. But he's a perfect Patriarch ; and it would do a man good to serve him on such terms — on any terms.' Arthur for his life could not havo said with confi dence whether Pancks really thought so or not. ' When that was gone, sir,' resumed Pancks, ' and it did go, though I dribbled it out like so much blood, 1 had taken Mr. Ilugg into the secret. I proposed to borrow of Mr. Kugg (or of Miss Itugg ; it's the same thing ; she miido a littlo money by a speculation in the Common Pleas once). Ho lent it at ten, and thought that pretty high. But Mr Itugg's a red-haired man, sir, and gots his hair cut. And as to the crown of his hat, it's high. And as to the brim of his hat, it's nar row. And there's no more benevolence bubbling out of him, than out of a ninepin.' 'Your own recompense for all this, Mr Pancks,' said Clennam, ' ought to bo a largo one.' ' I doa't mistrust getting it, sir,' said Pancks. ' I have made no bargain. I owed you one on that score ; now, I have paid it. Money out of pocket made good, time fairly allowed for, and Mr Rugg's bill settled, a thousand pounds would be a fortune to mo ; that matter I place in your hands. I authorise, you, now, to break all this to. the family in any way you think best. Miss Amy Dorrit will be with Mrs Pinching this morning. The sooner dono the better. Can't be done too soon. This conversation took, place in Clennam's bedroom, while ho was yet in bed. For, Mr Pancks had knocked tip tho houso, and mado his way in, very early in 'he morning ; and, without onco silting down, or standing still, had delivered himself of the whole of his details (illustrated with a variety of documents) at the bedside. IIo now said ho would 'go and look up Mr Rugg,' from whom his excited state of mind appeared to require another back ; and bundling up his papers, and ex changing one more hearty shako of the hand with Clennam, ho went at full speed down-stairs, and steamed off.' Mr. Clennam then proceeds to communicate the astounding intelligence of her good fortune to Littlo Dorrit : — Clennam, of course, resolved to go direct to Mr Casby's. Ho dressed and got out so quickly, that he found himselfatthecorner ofthopatriarchal street nearly an hour before her time, ; but he was not sorry to have the opportunity of calming himself with a leisaroly wnlk. When ho returned to the street, and had knockod at the bright brass knocker, ho was informed that she had come, and was shown up-stairs to Flora's breakfast room. Little Dorrit was not there herself, but Flora was, and testified tho greatest amazement at seeing him'. ' Good gracious, Arthur — Doyco and Clennam!' cried that lady, ' who would have over thought of seeing such a sight as this and pray excuse a wrapper, for upon my word I really never and n faded cheek too which is worse, but our littlo friend is making mo a, not that I need mind men things as a skirt, and having arranged that a trying on \- should take place after breakfast is the reason though I wish not so badly starched.' 'I ought to make an apology,' said Arthur, ' for so early and abrupt a visit ; but you will excuse it when I tell you the cause.' ' In times for ever fled Arthur,' returned Mrs Fin ching, ' pray excuse me Doyco and Clennam infinitely more correct and though unquestionably distant still 'tis distance lends enchantment to tho view, at least I don't mean that and if I did I suppose it would depend considerably on tho nature of »he view, but I'm run ning on again and you put it all out of my head.' Sho glanced at him tenderly, and resumed : ' In times for ever fled I was going to say it would have sounded strange indeed for Arthur Clennam — Dovce and Clennam naturally quite different — to make apologies for coining here at any time, but that is past and what is past can never be recalled except in his own case as poor Mr F said when ho was quito in spirits Cucumber and therefore never ate it.' She was making ths tea when Arthur came in, and now hastily finished that operation. 'Papa,' she said, all mystery and whisper, as she shut down the tea pot lid, ' is sitting pro singly breaking his new laid egg in the back parlor over tho City article cxactlj like the Wood pecker Tapping and need never know that you are here, and our little friend you are well aware may be fully trusted when she comes down from cutting out on the large table overhead.' Aithur then told her, in the fewest words, that it was their little friend he same to seo ; anil what he had to announce to their little friend. At which astound ing intelligence, Flora clasped her hands, fell into a tremble, and shed tears of sympathy and pleasure, like the good-natured creature sho really was. 'For gracious sake let me go out of the way first,' Baid Flora, putting her hands to her cars, and moving towards the door, '? or I know I «hall go off dead and screaming and make everybody worse, and the dear little thing only this morning looking so nice and neat and eood and yet so poor and now a fortune is she really aud deserves it too ! and might I mention it to Mr l'.'s aunt Arthur not Doycc and Clennam for this once or if objectionable not on any account.' Arthur nodded his free permission, sinco Flora shut out all verbal communication. Flora nodded in return to thank him, and hurried out of the room. Little Dorrit's step was already on the stairs, and in another moment she was at tho door. Do what ho would to compose his face, he could not convey so much of an ordinary expression into it, but that the moment she Baw it she dropped her work, and cried '? Mr Clen nam1 What's tho matter.' ' Nothing, nothing. That is no misfortune has hap pened. I have como to tell you something, but it is a piece of great good-fortune.' ' Good-fortune? ' ' Wonderful fortune ! ' They stood in a window, and her eyes full of light were fixed upon his face. Ho put an arm about her, seeinu her likely to sink down. Sho put a hand upon that arm, partly to rc3t upon it, and partly so as to pre servo their relative positions as that her intent look at him should bo shaken by no change of attitude in cither of them. Her lips seemed to repeat ' Wonder ful fortune ? ' He repeated it again, aloud. ' Dear Littlo Dorrit ! Your lather.' The ice of the pale face broke at; tho word, and little lights and shoots of expression passed all over it. They were all expressions of pain. Her breath was faint and hurried. Her heart boat fast. Ho would havo clasped the littlo figure closer, but he saw that the eyes appealed to him not to be moved. ' Your father can be free within this week. He does not know it; wo must go to him, from here, to tell him of it. Your father will bo free within a few days. Your father will be free within a few hours. Remember \re must go to him, from here, to tell him of it !' | That brought her back. Her eyes wore closing, but they opened again. „ 'This is not all tho good-fortune. This is'not all the wonderful good-fortune, ,my dear Littlo Dorrit. Shall I tell yo'i more f ?' , Her lips shaped ' Yes.' ' Your father, will bo no beggar when he is free. Ho will want for nothing. Shall I toll you more ? Ko member! He knows nothing of it; wo must go to him, from here, to tell him of it? ' ' She seemed f) entreat him for a littlo time. Ho held her in his arm, and, after a pause, bent do -vn his car to listen. ' Did you ask me to go on ?' 'Yes.' ' Ho will be a rich man. He is a rich man. A great sum of money is waiting to bo paid over to him as his inhcritanco ; you arc all henceforth very wealthy. Bravest and best of children, I thank Heaven that you are rewarded! ' As he kissed her, sho turned her head towards his shoulder, and rnised her arm towards his nock ; cried out, 'Father! Father! Father!' and swooned away. Upon which, Flora returned to take caro of her, aud hovered about her on a sofa, intermingling kintl offices and incoherent scraps of conversation in a manner so confounding, tnat wlistncr sno pressed tno Marsnaisca to take a spoonful of unclaimed dividends, for it would do her good ; or whether sho congratulated Little Dor rit's father on coming into possession of a hundred thousand smelling bottles ; or whether she explained that she put seventy-five thousand drops of spirits of lavender on fifty thousand pounds of lump sugar, and that she entreated Little Dorrit to take that gentle re storative ; or whether sho bathed the foreheads of Doyco and Clennam in vinegar, and gave tho lato Mr F. more air ; no one with any sense of responsibility could havo undertaken to decide. A tributary system of confusion, moreover, poured in from an adjoining bed room, where Mr F's Aunt uppoared, from tho sound of her voice, to be in a horizontal posture, awaiting her breakfast ; and from which bower that inexorable lady snapped olf short taunts, whenever she could get a hear ing, as, ' Dalit believe it's his doinu; !' and 'He needn't take no credit to himself for it !' aid ' It'll be long enough, I expect, before he'll give up any of his own money !' nil designed to disparage Clonnam'.i share in the discovery, and to releivo those invctcrato feelings with which Mr. F's Aunt regarded him. But, Littlo Dorrit's solicitude to got to her father, and to carry the joyful tidings to him, and not to leave him in his jail a moment with this happiness in store for him and still unknown to him, did more for her speedy restoration than all tho skill and attention on earth could havo dono. ' Como with mo to my dear father. Pray come and tell my dear father!' wero tho first words she said. Her father, her father. Sho spoke of nothing but him, thought of nothing but him. Kneeling down and pouring out her thankfulness with uplifted hands, her thanks were for her father. Flora's tenderness was quite overcome by this, and sho launched out among tho cups and saucers into a wonderful flow of tears and speech. ' I declare,' she added, ' I was never so cut up since your mama and my pipa not Doyc-i and Clennam for this once butgive the precious little thing acupof tea and make her put it to her lips at least pray Arthur do, not even Mr F's last illness for that was of another kind and gout is not a child's afl'uction though very painful for all parties and Mr F. a martyr with his leg upon a rest and the wine trade in itself infl-iminatory for thoy will do it more or U-ss among thcnuelves and who can wonder, it seems liko a dream I am sure to think of nothing at all this morning and now Mines of money is it really, but you must you know my darling lovo because you never will bo strong enough to tell him all about it upon teaspoons, mightn't it be even best to try the directions of my own medical man for though tho flavor is anything but agreeablo still I force my self to do it as a prescription aud find tho benefit, you'd rather duty, everybody will congratulate you some in earnest and some not and many will congratulate you with nil their hearts but none more so I do assure you than from the bottom of my own I do myself though sensiolo of blundering and boing stupid, and will bo judged by Aithur not Doyco and Clenuam for this onco so good bye darling and God bless you and may you be very happy and excuse tho liberty, vowing that tho dross shall never bo finished by anybody else but shall be laid by for a keepsako just as it is and called little Dorrit though why that strangest of denominations at any time I never did myself and now I nover shall.!' Thus Flora, in taking leave of her favorite. Littlo Dorrit thanked her, and embraced her, over and over again ; and finally came out of the house with Clonnam, and took coach for tho Maishalsea. It was a strangely unreal rido through tho old squalid streets, with a sensation of being raised out of them, into an airy world of wealth and grandeur. When Arthur told her that she would soon ride in her own carriage through very different scenes, when all these familiar experiences would have vanished away, sho looked frightened. But, when he substituted her father for herself, and told her how ho would rido in his carriage and how great and grand he would be, her tears of joy and innocent pride fell fast. Seeing that tho happiness her mind could realise was all shining upon him, Arthur kept that single figure before her ; and bo they rodu brightly through the poor streets in the prison neighborhood, to carry him tho great mews. When Mr Chivery, who was on duty, ndmitted them into the Lodge, he saw something in their faces which filled him with astonishment. He stood looking after them, when they hurried into the prison, as though he perceived that they had come back accompanied by a ghost apiece. Two or threo Collegians whom they passed, looking after them too, and presently joining Mr Chivery, formed a little group on the Lodgo steps, in the midst of which thero spontaneously originated n whisper lhat the Father was going to get his discharge. Within a few minutes, it was heard in the remotest room in tho College. Little Dorrit opened tho door from without, and they both entered. He was sitting in his old grey go. vn, and his old black cap, in the sunlight by tho window, reading his newspaper. His glasses wore in his hand, and he had just looked round; surprised at first, no doubt, by her step upon the stairs, not expecting her until night ; surpised by seeing Arthur Cllennam again in her company. As they came in, the same un wonted look in both of them which had already caught attention in the yard below, struck him. He did not rise or spoak, but laid down his glasses and his news paper on tho table bciido him, and looked at them with his mouth a little open, and his lips trembling. When Arthur put out his hand, he touched it, but not with his usual state ; and then ho turned to his daughter, who had sat down close beside him with her hand upon his shoulder, and looked attentively in her face. ' Father ! I have been made so happy this morning !' ' You have been made so happy, my dear ?' ' By Mr Clennam, father. He brought me such not, with his great kindness and gentleness, prepared me for it, father — prepared me for it, father — I think I could not havo borne it.' Her agitation was exceedingly great, and tho tears rolled down her face. He put his hand suddenly to his heart, and looked at Clennam. ' Compose yourself, sir,' said Clennam, ' and take a littlo time to think. To think of tho brightest and most foitunate accidonts of life. We have all heard of great surprises of joy. They are not at an end, sir. They are rare, but not at an end.' ' Mr Clennam ? Not at an end ? N$ at an end for ? .' Ho touched himself upon.^f.^ breast, in stead of saying ' me.' ' No,' returned Clenuam. . ' ' What surprise,' he asked, keepm his left hand over his heart, and there stopping in his speech, while with his right hand ho put his glasses exactly level on the table : 'what such surprise can be in store for me ?' 'Let me answer with another question. Tell me, Mr Dorrit, what surprise would be tho most unlooked for and most acceptable to you. Do not be afraid to imagine it, or to say what it would be.' lie looked stedfastly at Clennam, and, so looking at him, seemed to change into a very old haggard man. The sun was bright upon the wall beyond the window, and on tha spikes at top. He slowly stretched out the hand that had been upon his heart, and pointod at the wall. ' It is down,' said Clennam, ' Gono ! ' Ho remained in the same attitude, looking stedfastly at him. ' And in its place,' said Clennam, slowly and dis tinctly, ' are the means to possess and enjoy che utmost that they havo so long shut out. MrDoirit, thero is not the smallest doubt that within a few days you will be free and highly prosperous. I congratulate you with all my 3oul on this change of fortune, and on the happy future into which you are soon to carry the trea snro you liave been blest with here — tho best of all the riches you can have elsewhere — tho treasure at your side.' AVith these words, he pressed his hand and released it ; and his daughter, laying her face against his, en circled him in the hour of his prosperity with her arms, as she had in the long years of his adversity encircled him with her love and toil and truth ; and poured out her full heart in .'gratitude, hope, joy, blissful ecstacy, and all for him. ' I shall see him, an I never saw him yet. I shall ice my dear love, with tho dark cloud cleared away. I shall see him, as my poor mother saw him long ago. 0 my dear, my dear! 0. father, father! O thank God, thank God! ' He yielded himself to her kis38S and caresses, but did not return them, except that h§ put an arm about her. Neither did ho say one word. His stedfast look was now divided betwoon her and Clennam, and ho began fr- shake as if he wero very cold. Explaining to Little Dorrit that he would run to the coffee-house for a bottle of wine, Arthur fetched it with all the haste ho could use. While it was bejng brought from the collar to the bar, a number of excited people asked him what had happened ; when he hurriedly informed them, that Mr Dorrit had succeeded to a fortune. : [On coming back with the wine in hre hand, ho found that she had placed her father in his easy chair, and had loosened his shirt and neckcloth. Thoy fillod a tumbler with wino, and held it to his lips. When ho had swalljwed a littlo, ho took tho gla»s himself and emptied it. Soon after that, he leaned back in his chair and cried, with his handkerchief beforo his face. After this had lasted a while, Clennam thought it a good season for diverting his attention from tho main surprise, by relating its details. Slowly, therofore, and in a quiet tone of voice, he .explained them as he best could, and enlarged on tho nature of Panck's service. ' Ho shall bo — ha — he shall be handsomely recom pensed, sir,' said the Father, starting up and moving hurriedlyabouttheroom, ' assure yourself, Mr Clennam that everybody concerned shall be, ha, shall be Inobly rewarded. Noone, my dear sir, shall say that he has an unsatisfied claim against me. I shall repay the — hum — tho advances I have had from you, sir, with peculiar pleasure. I beg to bo informed, at your early conveni ence, what advances you have made my son.' He had no purpose in going about tho room, but he was not still a moment. 'Everybody,' ho said, ' shall be remembered. I will not go away from here in anybody's debt. All the people who have been— ha — wcll-bohaved to myself and my family shall bo rewarded. Chivery shall be re warded. Young John shall bo rewarded. I particu larly wish, and intend, to act munificently, Mr Clen nam ' ' Will you allow me,' said Arthur, laying his purso ?n the table, ' to supply any present contingencies, Mr Dorrit ? I thought it best to bring a sum of monoy for the purpose.' ' Thank you, sir, thank you. I accept with readiness at tho present moment, what I could not an hour ago havo consciontiously havo taken. I am obliged to you for tho temporary accommodation. Exceedingly tem porary, but well timed — well timed.' His hand had close upon the money, and he carried it about with him. ' Be so kind, sir, as to add the amount to those former advances to which I have already referred ; being careful, if you please, not to omit advances mado to my son. A mere verbal statement of the gross amount is all I shall — ha — all I shall require.' ho stopped for a moment to kiss her, and to pat her head. ' It will be necessary to find a milliner, my love, and to make a speedy and complete change in your very plain dress. Something must be dono with Maggy too, who at present is — ha — barely respectable, barely respectable. And your sister, Amy, and your brother. And my brother, your uncle — poor soul, I trust this will rouse him — messengers must bo despatched to fetch them. They must be informed of this. Wo must break it to them cautiously, but they must bo informed directly. We owe it as a duty to them, aud to our selves, from this moment, not to let them — hum— not to let them do anything.' This was tho first intimation he had ever given, that he was privy to the fact that they did something for a livelihood. He was still jogging about tho room, with tho purse clutched in his hand, when a great cheering aroso in the yard. ' Tho news has spread already,' said Clen nam, looking down from tho window. ' Will you show yourself to them, Mr Dorrit ? They are very earnest, and thoy evidently wish it.' ' I — hum — ha — I confess I could havo desired, Amy, my dear,' ho said, jogging about in a moro feverish flutter than before, ' to have made some change in my dress first, and to have bought a — hum — a watch and chain. But if ic must bo dono as it is, it — ha — it must bo dono. Fasten the collar of my shirt, my dear. Mr Clennam, would you oblige me — hum — with a bluo neckcloth you will find in that drawer at your elbow. Button my coat aero3s at the chest, my love. It looks ' — ha — it looks broader, buttoned.' With his trembling hand he pushed his groy hair up, and then, taking Clennam and his daughter for supporters, appeared at tho window leaning on an arm of each. Tho Collegians cheered him vtry heartily, and ho kissed his hand to them with great urbanity and protection. When ho withdrew into tho room again, ho said 'Poor crea tures!' in a tone of much pity for their miserable con dition. Littlo Dorrit was deeply anxious that ho should lie down to compose himself. On Arthur's speaking to her of his going to inform Pancks that he might now appear, as soon as ho would, and pursue the joyful business to its close, she entreated him in a whisper to stay with her, until her father should be quite calm and uv r-2sii iiu iiuuuuu uu hcuuuu uiiLruuty , uuu t-uu pre pared her father's bed, and begged him to lie down. For another half-hour or more ho would bo persuaded to do nothing but go about the room, discussing with himself the probabilities for and ugainst tho Marshal's allowing the whole of tho prisoners to go to the windows of the official residence which commanded the street, to seo himself and family depart forever in a carriage — which, ho said, he thought would be a Sight for thorn. But, gradually, ho began to droop and tire, and at last stretched himself upon the bed. She took her faithful place beside him, fanning him and cooling his forehead ; and ho seemed to bo falling asleep (always with tho money in his hand), whon he unexpectedly sat up and said : ' Mr Clennam, I beg your pardon. Am I to under stand, my dear sir, that I could — ha — could pass through the Lodgo at this moment, and — hum — take a walk ':' ' I think not, Mr Dorrit,' was tho unwilling reply. ' There are certain forms to be completed ; and although your detention here is now in itself a form, I fear it is one that for a little longer has to be obierved ;too.' At this he shod tears again. ' It is but a few hours, sir,' Clennara cheerfully urged upon him. ' A fow hours, sir,' ho returned in a sudden pas sion. ' You talk very easily of hours, sir ! How long do you suppose, sir, that an hour is to a man who is choking for want of air ?' It was his last demonstration for that time ; as, after shedding some more tears and querulously complaining that he couldn't breathe, ho slowly fell into a slumber. Clennam had abundant occupation for his thoughts, as he sat in the quiet room watching the father on his bed, and the daughter fanning his face. Little Dorrit had been thinking too. After softly putting his grey hair aside, and touching his forehead with her lips, she looked towards Arthur, who cams nearer to her, and pursued in a low whisper the subject of her thoughts. ' Mr Clennam, will h« pay all his debts beforo h* leaves here ?' ' No doubt. All.' ' All the debts for which he hosbeenimprisoned horo, all his life and longer ?' ' No doubt.' Thero was something of uncertainty and romons traneo in her look ; something that was not all satis faction. He wondered to detect it, and said : ' You are glad that ho should do so ?' ' Are you ?' asked Little Dorrit, wistfully. ' Am I ? Most heartily glad !.' ' Then I know I ought to be.' ' And are you not ?' 'Itseomsto me hard,' said Little Dorrit, ' that he should have lost so many year3 and suffered so much, and at last pay all the debts as well. It seems to me hard that he should pay in life and monoy both.' ' My dear child — ' Clennam was beginning. ' Yes, I know 1 am wrong,' sho pleaded timidly, 'don't think any worse of me ; it has grown up with me hero.' The prison, which could spoil st many things, had tainted Little Dorrit's miud no moro than this. Engen dered as the confusion was, in compassion for the poor prisoner, her father, it was tho first speck Clennam had ever seen, it was tho last speck Clennam ever saw, of the prison atmosphere upon her. He thought this, and forbore to say another word. With tho thought, her purity and goodness came before him in their brightest light. Tho littlo spot made them the more beautiful. Worn out with her own emotions, and yielding to the silence of tho room, her hand slowly slackened and failed in its fanning movement, and her head dropped down on the pillow at her father's side. Clennam rose softly, opened and closed the door without a sound, and passed from the prison, carrying the quiet with him into the turbulent streets Advertisiimf.jit. — Advice Gratis. — l)r L.L.Smith, legally qualified medical practitioner, member of the Medical Board, Melbourne, gives advice gratis before eleven o'clock in the morning, and between six aud nine at night. 197 Bourke street east. Dr L. L. Smith's vegetable pills sold by all the cheiaiats and storekeepers . throughout the colonies, 1 