MR. HANLON'S PLAN OF QUARTZ - CRUSHING AND AMAT.fîATVfATTnM To the Editor of the Aram. Sir,-There is a trite old saying, "you should never take a book by the cover," that is most curiously applicable to the slender force given to the public by Mr. A. Hamon, from St. Lucie, on the cover of which the dis- tended eye is arrested by the all-absorbing interrogatory, " Can all the gold be extracted from the quartz ?" and the enchanted imagination flaps its wings in ecstatic glee on reading in the next line the quick afnrinatory answer of the author, who furthermore, - combining practical with preternatural knowledge, - promises in the succeeding line " a plan for new port able machinery to effect his purpose, " price one sixpence." Oh! how my poor heart thumped and bounded, in mimic imitation of the crushing and amalgamating process, as I took the little pamphlet in my hand and imprinted a smacking pass on its violet colored cover, breathing at the same time an earnest aspiration for the exaltation of the disinterested individual who could reveal such a portentous mystery at the marvellously low price of " one sixpence." I was nervous to a degree as I ventured to take any first peep inside this manual of fortune, and unreservedly vowed I should not even recognise " any of his inaccuracies of expression of he would only, as he promised, make his method intelligible." Turning over the leaf from the deprecatory " Notice, any excitement was, if possible, quickened on being confronted with the striking said all-assured heading, "Can it be done?" " Can all the gold be extracted from the quartz." " Yes," with a Y the size of a waggonette pear, and the E and S to match. If before there was the smallest scintilla of misgiving, that gigantic .' yes" put it ignominiously to flight, for what sceptic could resist a eyes of such Titanic dimensions ? So I most implicitly launched myself in that glowing tide," which I religiously believed? would lead to fortune ;" but. to ! John Bunyan's ghost waylaid the skiff and changed my destination to the " slough of despond" where, chin deep in the mire, I pro- pounded to myself this question, " Can sixpences be extracted from the public?" "Yes, with a plan of new portable pamphlet machinery by A. Gammon, from St. Lucie. Price one sixpence." In plain parlance, I never recollect being so completely humbugged to the " top of my heart" as in purchasing Mr. A. Hamon's brochure. I remember making one of a crowd who went to see a gentleman towed in a washing-tub by geese from London-bridge to Vauxhall, and again to witness the swimming match between the web-footed nigger and the pet salmon ; but there is this difference betwixt those cases and the present one that in them we were gulled gratis, while Mr. A. Hamon makes us pay for his foolery. His first two pages are for the most part made up of such valuable and original information as the following "That the sun across quartz of Victoria is attracting the attention of the public generally ;" indeed ! 2' That he has been at all the diggings, and saw numerous engines, every engine differing more or less from the others ;" not being like boots made for the same person, on purpose made on the same last-a very curious mechanical phenomenongtao doubt. " That the opinion that quartz is the primitive matrix of gold appears to be now universally admitted," quoting the Rev. W. B. Clarke, of Sydney, and Mr. Evan Hopkins in support of an admission which is patent to every suck- ing babe in Victoria. He then gives us a dose of secondhand twaddle about "the adherence or adhesiveness of every matrix to its fruit," lugging in a most incomprehensible simile, comparing " the growth of gold to a tree-the globules or specs, or nuggety gold not touch- ing the quartz, are to be considered as the parts of the tree above ground ; but that the parts in more immediate contact with its native quartz can be viewed as the roots of the tree, whose trunk falls well to the ground when the workman with his axe fell. it." There's a St. Lucie simile for you which I admit is a pop above my comprehension ; the appositeness and applicability of which is, I suppose, solely intended for the metaphysical acuteness of super-scientific geniuses. But passing over such undiluted rubbish with a Hello, how, I would ask, are we to encounter deliberate statements like the following: " The great quantity of quartz enclosing with matrix power so small a portion of gold has till now baffled all mechanical means to put asunder the two component parts, one from the other." " We will only say regarding crushed quartz, that the produced powder will keep its two component parts of quartz and gold at least as powerfully united as before. So that, according to Mr. A. Hamon, from St. Lucie, it was only the day before yesterday that mechanical means were discovered for crushing quartz, and nevertheless this wonderful and long- desired invention 3s wholly nugatory, inasmuch as *' the component parts of quartz and gold in the produced powder are at least as powerfully united as before ;" so that the more we keep crushing the more they will keep uniting, like the hard-headed Irish servant, who the more we kept scolding him the mere he kept neVer minding us. Is the man having, or does he imagine the Victorian community are a set of addle-pated nincompoops, to receive such stilled balderdash as valuable and instructive information? I wonder if this St. Lucie luminary has ever heard of such fabulous countries as Mexico, Russia, or California ; or of the mode in vogue in them for counteracting the affinity existing between gold and its matrix ? I will pass over his borrowed illustrations touching the laws of specific gravity, as well as his dam descriptions of the various machines at work on the various diggings, which he endeavors to prove without comparison, are one and all frightfully defective, and infinitely inferior to his-recommending the fit" visible portable machine to every miner, "to cause, being portable, if a miner fails on one reef he can immediately remove it to a better one." But I would beg leave to suggest that if better ones are to be found in such an off- hand manner, that the minor should not expose himself to failure at all, but settle down at the outset on a better one, and thus avoid the expense of removing even this very port- able engine. I will now lay before you most extraordinary and entirely new information on the tangled subject of amalgamation: "Through centuries mercury has been found the best working agent, its affinity to gold goes to a most remarkable degree, and has not to our knowledge been superseded by anything. When the amalga- makers have done their work never explained] of extracting every possible part of the gold from the auriferous quartz, they obtain a paste or mixture containing every metallic part which was enclosed in the auriferous quartz. This paste does not contain all the mercury used in the process-to collect all the mercury used is a great point. Mercury being a dear article, every particle of it which may be lost works in a financial view against the pecuniary success of the operation, and to collect these minute globules of mercury which are pushed aside and are hidden in the packed wet quartz powder is a task to be effected." The Lord knows how ! for Mr. Ha- then is mysteriously silent on the process but hold your breath, gentle reader ! for " the paste containing the gold with the mercury needed to amalgamate it is now to be operated upon, with a view to collect out of it the mercury, and consequently to obtain the gold alone. This is to be done by heat" what do you think of that, you set of bo nighted ignoramuses !-" distilling the paste in some iron vessel prepared for that purpose ;" while we, poor deluded costive headed dolls, have been using a ruinous retort. " The evaporated mercury is collected in water." I wonder what sort of grog it would make. " The gold remaining in this iron vessel, to purify it so as to become marketable, it must be melted in a crucible" what! did ever anybody hear of such a wonderful utensil,-" which operation gives at last the result expected by the digger." Here is some precious information, never " dreamt of in your philosophy ;" and what is more, too, made as plain as a pikestaff to the meanest comprehension. Such information as Caleb Quotem would not hesitate pronouncing " prodigious." But with all his profound acquirements, Mr. A. Hamon, from St. Lucie, is a self-sacrificing man, dauntlessly bent on serving the colony, even by adopting the Curtius like resolution of plunging into the profession of lefreshmcnt- tent-keeper on a diggings' high- way, which, I would venture to assert, were Mr. Weller, senior, still in the land of the living, he would at once rank, with abhorrence, as next to that of 'pike-keeper. But listen to the worthy man himself:-" Highly anxious to have the benefit of such working, I had a refreshment tent on the road to raise the sum for working silently this plan " (what it is deponent saith not) ; " but, as can be seen by the Argus of 8th January last, I was in less than one year robbed there and in a boarding-house in Geelong." Then follows the usual appeal:-" Thereby, not being in a position to bring out my plan by myself, I resolved to expose it to the moneyed men of the community." I have only to remark on this wind-up, that it is high time I should think of winding up also; but before doing so I cannot help observing that Mr. Hamon must have been surrounded by a very clumsy set of thieves, who spent a year in robbing him he either must have taken a deal of robbing, or his minute property must have been most ingeniously enclosed in itsniatrix.tobaffle Victorian artist for such a length of time. Perhaps it resembled the poor Irishman's coin "which, like a wild crowd, had to be chased into a corner before you could catch it." However, if at any time compunctious visitings should induce the tardy robbers to make restitution, I hope Mr. A. Hamon, from St. Lucie, will re- fund the numerous sixpences which he extracted from the matrix of a deluded public. Your obedient servant, WILLIAM KELLY, Bendigo Quartz mill, Sandhurst. Easter Monday. 