SYDNEY HAMLETS ELECTION. ^ THE NOMINATION.* THÉ nomination of candidates for the seat vacated i the representation! of the Sydney' Hamlets by Mr, S. I Donoldson'8 acceptance; of the office of.Colonial Souri tn'ry.itoolt place yesterday, at' the uú^lng*,¿Gébrgef.8troe Redfern. The attendance was very largo, thero bein between 1200 and 10.0 persons present. The procoot ings wore marked by a considerable decree of exciti ment, and frequent and noisy demonstrations of feeling took place. I : ?' . J T } ,'. ! ' At 12 o'clock tho ministerial candidate, with1 what i sporting circles would- be-termed-a-"-sty]iBh-turn:out drew up in front of the hustings,- and on ascending tb platform was loudly ohBered by his:friorids;'."Tbe' otht candidate; and tho more, immediate friends of, both pa: ties, having also in a few minutes. taken their,places.o the hustings,.' .». ' '.-i:-u ......'....';. , The BETUBNINÖ OFFIOEB, Mr. Bowand 'Ronald, cam to the front of the hustings and said : Brother, "elector it is now 12 o'cloqk, and therefore, time i to initiate i tl proceedings of the doy. You have all, doubtless,' see the' advertisement, convening this meeting, and I wi now reád to you the writ under the authority ofi which: am this day acting (the.writ!,was accordingly read,),--, will presently introduce to you the proposer'and'seconde of either candidate ; ' and I, trust the. olootors. of. th Sydney) Hamlets will maintain that oharaoter for goo order and impartiality which they have hitherto mOritet If, ' however, tho opponents of either candidate .desir to express their disapprobation nt the - sentiments of tb various I speakers, I hope they will do so in such a-wa; as not tb interrupt the business- of. tba.meeting..'il.not call upon tho.proposer and seoondor of Stuart Alexnndo Donaldson, Esq. to address you. r . ' ,-',-'-.;?"'Vf .r Mr. T. C. BnErixAT then came forward to, : propos. Mr. Donaldson. ! Ha soid,,>he was no - Stranger-t< the electors of the Sydney Hamlets ;.'soma throi months ago he had had tho honour of appearing 'bofon them in the same oapaoity as that in ' which heappenrec that day (uproar). He "would only detain them a fbi minutes (uproar). His duty was'a formal ono-thi duty of introducing to thom ono of tho candidates (Uproar.) Ho would allude to the difference'botweéi that and the,! former occasion when ho (Mr.,'Breillat had bad the honour of addressing the eleotors (uproar) On the former occasion; tho electors had met' to doter mine what trien and what principles they'would'ehobs'e but they (tho eleotors) were now assembled for. the pur- pose of Í deciding ' upon * the1 measures 'which should ht carried out by tho Government.: Already had1 tho elco, tors of the Sydney Hamlets declared their determination to have-liberal men" as' their représentatives; -but thoj did not want republicans1 br''democrats-to-represent them (uproar, groans, hisses'and cheers); . -They 'lind already docidod,'by !a verdict bf 800 or OOO votes; in favour-of progressive reform r and he doubted not but that their opinion was the same . now-. as-it'.had been three months ago. Ho (Mri Breillat) entertained those opinions, and therefore carno: forward again to propose Mr. 'Donaldson. ' (Cheers; 'groans,1 and hisses;) The meeting of that day reminded him of a little anec- dote (groans)' which7je_h"ad- hèard(grbans)ymany years ago (groans and confusion) ; at an auotion bf, Mr. George Robina's, in London ; that celebrated auctioneer had put up for salo a valuable piece of property for which ho one appeared willing to bid ; ; nt length,' a gentleman in, tho room began to 'find fault with it ; 'the auctioneer re- marked that'.many people would And fault.,with _tb'e querulous gentleman; but as for himself he felt delighted as he (Mr. Robins) know-that ho was'a buyer. (Uproar.) No doubt they .wanted to got rid ? of him (Mr. Breillat) ns they were eager to hear Mr. Donaldson. '(.Uproar.) He hogged.to congratulate thom apon the prcul position whioh they oconpied-a 'position never-known before in tho annals of history. ? (Laughter.) , They had,returned at the former election two representativos who attained tho highoBt-pinnoclo- of-honour.-Ono of these; gentle- men had boen eleotud by tho Legislativo Assembly to bo the Speaker of that body ; tho other gentleman Had boen olinscn by her Majesty's roprosontativo to bé,| Primo Minister of the colony/Had they (tho electors) thoroforo, not causo to bc proud of those distinctions? (Uproar and three ? ohoors'for Campbell.) Ho (Mr. Breillat) now called upon them to, ratify ana confirm the appoint- ment, of ' Mr., Donaldson as prime minister.,- (Cheers, hisses, groans, and confusion, - lasting for about, half-n minute.) Ho would only detain them a few minutes longer. : (Uproar.) , They, wero only prolonging what .he had to say by, their interruptions. (Uproar.) Much had -been said of thoir late reproson tativo (Mr., Donaldson); and he (Mr. Breillat) would venturo to affirm, from his long knowledgo .of ..Mr. Don- aldson, that that gentleman would be found to bo equally efllolentas a man of busirioss -in tho offloe of.tho Colo- nial Secretary ; equally! ofilciont in theSonatq; equally, \- efficient in the writing of a despatch1; and equally ofllcient in the Legislative Assembly. . Was . ho (Mr. Donaldson)' not, therefore, an ofilciontbandidate that day? (Groans, cheers, hisses, and uproar.) . They had now,a,ministry which would . be rarely -matohed, and - they ought .to - bo proud of "it. , (Uproar.) . Ho bogged to thank thom for tho potionco with which they hod listened to - him-(laughter; - and would, in conclusion,- propose Stuart Alexander Donaldson, Esq., as a flt and proper person to represent tho Sydney Hamlets, in tho Legislativo Assembly. (Cheers, groans, and hisses.).--? -:-- - -. Mr. LUCAS, on rising to second the nomination ofMr. Donaldson, was grcoted with cheers, hissos.'nnd groans, and occasional crios of "Whore's the dog-cart?" Order' having been, in n measure, restored ho bosun by .inform- ing'the mooting that,if they would .not hear him he would be compelled. ; to - stop .there until they'did, (Cheers, hisses, and 'groans.) -If thoy would hear him ho would keep closo to tho point. (Uproar.) - Ho remembered that'it was only a few months ngn since Mr. Donaldson had boen brought forward by'Mr. Robert Campboll to represent'that electorate. (Cheers, hisses, .and groans.) They must hoar .him. ¡ (Uproar.) ? Mr. Robert Campbell had stated, on the occasion just alluded to, that ho had much ploasnre in seconding tho nomi nation of Mr. Donaldson. ' (Uproar, and a Voice,'" What about the dog-cart; ?" He would read to them what Mr. Robert Campbell had said on that occasion :- 1 ' NoMisvnoK ron'THU HAMI.KTÍ.'FKnnuXnv'in,'IBM.-" Mr. Robert Campbell, M.T..O., unlit thnt ho had much planaire in soooiidliitf tho nomination of Mr.-Don»Id»on,lnnninuoh HS, In tho Uni ptnon, he poaaeasod a qualification 'for tho Sydney Hamlets, whilst hi« appellant did not ponió»» onn. . . . Tlie politlón! position of Mr. Donaldson liml nocmliitfly bonn forgotten In tilts election. Thnt gontlomiin hint boon foremost In nppoaliiR th« exlrnvnffant Inoroaao In tho untarlos or tho Colonial Secretary, awl tho Spanker of tim Leglnlnttro Council, nnd, hts Arm mut doalded »tomi whnnovor quoatlonsofflnnnoo woro brought under annalderntion of tho Counoll could nat «uroly Ii« diarefrnnled. He (Mr. Campboll) rognrdc.l Mr. Donaldson an tho true friend or proR-rans nnd llborty. l'orlmpn lia (Mr. Cnmiitiell) mlulit damage a anuna Ulta tho prosont, -bceaus*.ho might bo doomod nn ont and out radical, lint when ho fourni Mr. Donnldnnn opposing tho. «ham olnotornl roll of ISM, tinonuse lt wns Inoompntlbln with tho danmnda af New South Walog Iii lav,, ho wi riotermlned-to mtpport him. .(Ohponi.l . * . Aa lo tho siiunltlnjj iiueatlon, about willoh no miioh hnit boon antd lu re«pnct to Mr. Donnldaon'a opinion»; whv, that gnntlomun had actually rofuaed a pro omptlvo right." Well, after that, Mr. Robort Campbell with himsel and others lind paid the expenses nf thnt olention. Mr. Cnmpboll had paid Ü30,' nnd ho (Mr. Lucas) had paid 422 towards defraying tho, oxponsos of that election j and what was moro In tho prosont oleotion, Mr. .'Donaldson should go in froe of expanse, for ho (Mr.1 linea's)'was' both, nl>Io_ and willing to nsBist in tho defrayal of the oxpensos contingent upon tho prosont oleotion. (Uproar.) Wlion Mr. Donaldson was hoforo that constituency on a former occasion he had answered satisfactorily all tho qitostlons which had boon put to him. (Uproar, and cries nf " No, no,") On tho land quostion, Mr. Donaldson had oxpressod his vlaws tho other night at a mooting, and ho would now rend to thom what he lind said :-. ' Tn roforonoo to tho lund <|uo»tlon, Mr. Dnnnldnnn Mild, ho lind been completely mlautidnrntooil In roforenon to this qitoatlan, .Tte .whiled the Inuit to pana the hnmmer In limo Mooka-too large for prlvnto piirohnin-willi tho vlow to it« nnlo nfl"nvnnl« In nninll lota, at tho upae-t iirloo. (Clioom.l He « nu iivvnro tho auction nvntom WM linfavoiirnbln to the humble purohnnor, but ho wlahed lilm to linvo n, fnlr olmuoo. (Cheon,.} Ho ulan donlrcd that exten- sive nnrvnyn ahould bo mndn : thnt nvory dlalrlnt nhonld hare ll« lnnd ofllon i Hint thoro nhonld be lithographie pinna of every dlntrlot tn lie houßht for nlxpnnoe or n nhlllltig nnoll, BO ttmtn purohnaor might nt onoo soe tho truo position of lils property, or plnoo hi« finger nt ouoo upon land he desired to buy. (loud alieern.l Ile thoiiRht fiirms of.IA or in acron would hon colive. «lent »lie. Ho wnn not prepared to «ny that ho waa ronily to lower Hm price af laud. Thero woro tinbin tobe paid. If In power, ho would onilpnvour ta oarry out thia nyaloni within a lew months. (Olieera.l (Uproar.) Ho would bo hoard. (Uproar, laugh tor, and cries of "read tho Empire of this morning," "rend Purkos's letter." \ Now they: would soo that it wns Mr. Donaldson's opinion that tho waste lands should bo put un in such largo blooks that tho rioh man could not nfTord to buy thom. (Laughtor, groans, anil hlssos.) Mr. Ponnldson lind at tho last oleotion answorod satis factarlly all tho questions which had boon put to him what, then, had ho dono sln'oo that period, whioh should oattso him to forfeit tho frlondshlp of tho olootors? Tt was for hts (Mr. Lucas's) interest, nnd lt wns for tho Interest of tho olootors gonornlly, to put Mr. Donaldson into tho Assembly again-they' should eleot tho man who wns ohio and willing to do thom good.' (Uproar.) They would soo on roferonoe to tho 19th olattso of Ihn Gnvornot's Spoeoh, that Mr. Donaldson had their Intorost at heart, (Uproar.) What was tho state of their stroots nnd ronda? Why they woro paying tnxoB and had no Hühls, and their stroots woro unropalrod. Mr. Donaldson was in n position nnd wat nnxlous to do thom good. (Uproar,) As ho hail said already, thoy ought to return Mr, Donaldson far li ivlna lnsortod tho 13th olattso : In thajvloe-reanl npeooti. (Confusion, uproar, and cheers for .Campbell,) Thou thoro was n mensuro whioh Mr. Donnldson was about to introduce,-th? Gold l'lolds Mantigctnout Aot by wbioh it waa contemplated to throw tba gold.fleldi open indittcriroinstely, and without reserve. Why war« noiour gold-naldi mora,extensively wi riled T He wool' tell them why-because there was a tax of 10s, par monti impased on each digger, and that tax had driven UK diggers away from our mines and had compelled their to betake themselves to tho rioh raines of the' siatei colony of Victoria. (Upronr.1 With reference to thi Speakership, he would inform thom that he (Hr, Lucas was ono of the first who asked Mr. Donaldson to vott for Mr. Cooper (laughter),* 'hut' Mr. Donaldson" hot informed him that be hod pledged himself to; voto foi "Mr. Í Parker arid could hot, therefore, accédé to bi; (Mr.- Lucas's) - request.-(Uproar¡ -and-cries o "it's false!") Mr.,^Cooper ^ was^ the first-person and he;(Mr, Lucas) was tho second; whom Mtv Donald son, had toldlie" "could not vbte'-for- Mr. Cooper in tht matterjof., tho Speakership. (Uproar.), AU that Mr. Donaldson'required at tho hands, of the eleotorB was a clear stage and,ho favour. (Uproar.) Mr. Donaldson would go to the poll to-morrow confidently relying upon the just and impartial judgment of j the eleotors of thc Sydney Hamlets. (Uproar.) , He hoped that they, his countrymen ('* we nre proud of you," ironical langhtei and uproar), would not let party, feelings bias thom in giving their votes, but that they would acquite themselves of the liigh trust reposed in them in an upright and dis- criminating manner. (Uproar.)..--Ho most cordially seconded, tho; nomination of Stuart Alexander Donaldson, Esq. . (Ch'eors, hisses; and groans). . ;. ? Tho j BETUnNiNO? : OmoBn ; then ' í called upon the propoBor-of Mr. John Campbell to address tho electors, upon which ''"The jRev._Dr.' 'LAko-' came forward! and was reoeiyed with mingled-his'ses^o'groonsji and .''cheers, which lasted for several minutes. Some littlq: degree- of order having ¡with iliiDehlty-been obtained, he said "Mr. He 'tirrning Officer and gentlemen ; I have-tho hononr to .appear boforoy'ou^nt tho instance' bf a'great number of tho elootors of this district, to propose as a fit and proper[person to represent the . Sydnéy:Haralets, John Campbell, Esq., ,of the Wharf. (Loud 'cheers, his's'os, and grdarisi)'- Arid: b'ofor'e'I say anything further on the subject,! I have to contradict,'a false and unfounded statement7, that 'hos'-} been' put 'forth'by the other side namely, that Mri' Gnmpbell; is niy nominee, or that of the " Bunch;*'-' (Hisses,'1 cheers,- and cries of" No,, no-," 'r' Yps, yon.") Gentlemen, the fact is, that at a numerous 'meeting of the electors, who took into consideration the omorgoncy of tho casein meeting which I did not) attend^-som-o person-whom11 do not know -proposed \- Mr.' Campbell as a fit and proper person to represent this constituency: (Hoar, hoar, " No, no.") Two other gentle Imenhad been named before Mr.'Campbell. They had both' been members of the late' Legislative Council. But one of them:declined coming forward; and it was found that 'the;.other could not oarry along with him tho liberal portion of tho electors ; under these 'circumstances the electors hot! another meeting, and Mr. Campbell was proposed as the person who would combino'the support of .tho grentor number of tho liberal portion of the electors [Cheers, hisses, and interruption, a diversion being urinsbd by tho friends or the opposite party hoist ing on the top-of an omnibus in front of the hustings an aborigine; with-a oard, b"ariijg'" Donnldson for ever," stuck ,in. his liât,''and his dress ornamented with rib- bons. . Tho laughter and confusion excited having some- what subsidwd Dr; "Lang proceeded.] A deputation was accordingly proposed to wait upon Mr. Campbell. That deputation did vnit upon him, and they got his virtual promise to stand ; and, gentlemen, it was onlynfcer this amputation lind boon appointed and' had waited upon Mr. Campbell-lb Was only aftor that, that I heard for the first timo that MT. Campbell had boon proposod as one of tho candidates for the vacant seat. (Crios of oh I) When the deputation bad wnited upon Mr. Campbell, they callod upon mb bh'thoir'retürh, and askod ino to' co-operate with them to secure his return. I did so with all!my heart. (Cheers and! groans.) I also attondod threV I meetings of tho . electors in throo different districts ; but Î did so at tkoexpross instance and request of . a numerous body of electors. (Hisses, groans, and a cry, " Oh, you old peaco-makor I") And it is only, gentlemen, at the eupross instance and request of a largo committee of the electors thnt I stand hero on those hustings this day.... (Cheers, hisses, groans, and renewed interruption from, a re-introduction to public notice , of the aboriginal supporter of Mr. Donaldson.) Gentlemen, I believe not-one of tho mombers for the city, was- ever consulted about bringing forward Mr. Campbell,-any more- tlian- myself. ("Oh, hear the Dootor 1" " Throo oheers for Donaldson," groans for the ?'Bunob," and groat confusion.) It is utterly, contrary to the fact, that-Mr. Campbell in-in any rcspoctthe nominee, either of myself or of the " Bunch." Mr. Campboll is thc 'nominee of a largo-mojority of tho electors of this con- stituency. '.(" No, no," YOB, yoe," cheers, and hisses.) And they, will provo,it-they will provo it to you to morrow, by returning- bimi by a large majority at tho hoad of tho- poll. (Ohoers and groans.) " That's tho day, and that's the hour"-to-morrow, at four o'clock. | (Renewed cheering and: groaning.) And if "coming ovents cast'-their shadows before,"- I think wo havo a pretty good' intimation of Mle result of this contost. Tho Sydney Herald is dead ngninst ns ; and you oro aware, gentlemen, that that journal always bots upon the losing J horso. . (" No, no,". "? Yoavyes," choers and hisses.) In every contest for popular rights and privileges, that paper has been against tire popular candidate. ("No, no,". ." Notât all,"' " Yes;yes.") So strongly was that paper engaged on tho othor side that they could not oven do us the justice af reporting my speech in favour of Mr.-Campbell. ("-Oh, on") Mr. Silvester sat with -his arms akimbo all the timo-1 was speaking, as if thoro was ?nnt'a steel pon in Australia. (Laughter and confusion.) Ho sat with his head upon his hand all tho timo like " Pationco upon a monumont, smiling at Grief." (Husos and cheers.) ? I suppose, gentlemen,' ho was humming to himself tho old Scotch song Sie a be' my grannie was. (Confusion.) Gentlemen, tho question before you is ono of transcendent importance lt is not any such minor question as, who. shall bo the representative of any particular district, but who shall be tho primo min- ister of this great colony. (Cheers and hisses, and arius of " Cowper.") Tho question,' gentlomon, is not who ls to be tho representative of tho Sydney Hamlets, but who is to bo tho prime minister, (dries of " Donaldson" '\Cowpor,",. "A man of -ability," "No Muffs.") Tho question, gentlemen, is, what policy have we to oxpacl from tho Donaldson ministry, if you allow lt to continue. (Cries of " Liberal," " Every thing," " Nothing," " Good Government," hisses,and-cheors.)-. Gonilotnon, I con- sider Mr.. Donaldson unfit to represent this constituency. (Uproar, crios of-"No, No,"- Yes, Yes," "Ho's second to.no gentleman in tho colony.") I do so, from.bis de- clared pojloy, again and again, on the two great questions of importance to this constituency and to tho whole of the country-the : equalization of the- repre- sentation, and, the ;propor.. apportionment of the land. _ iThoso, ' I repeat, are tho two.". great questions-tho equalization of the representa- tion, and.the proper disposal of tho public lands. (" You can do that, dootor," " Doctor Lang.. Treasurer," and laughton) Gentlomon, the population of tho city of Sydney and tho Sydney Hamlets, is ,not loss than one fourth bf that of this wholo colony. And what propor- tion hfivo wo-with one-fourth of the population of Now South Wales, and a far higher proportion-nearly, I think, one-half- of its wealth. What is tho proportion wo have of its representation? .Why, we have only one ninth port of" tho representation. ("Sliomo, shame.") And to whom aro we indebted, more than ,to any other man in,the late Legislative Council, for this infamous distribution of the representation? Why, to Mr. Donaldson. (Groans, hisses, and onnfuslon.) The question was decided lu tho yoar 1801, On that occa- sion Mr. Donaldson voted against six members (br Sydney, and then against four j and ho voted against a: second j rnombor'for this. oleotornl distriot, the Sydney Hamlets. (Hear, hear, " We've hoard all that boforo.") And, gentlemen;;,under tho new Constitution, which is morely; n second edition of tho Hlootoral Aat as .'/ar as the: representation His oonoornod, .'wo hnvo ; preserved tho samo proportion OB Mr. Donaldson and others prootirod for IIB in 1801-namely, one-ninth af tho representation to ono-fourth of tho wholo population and far moro of the wealth, (Crios of *? Quostlon," and uproar.) 'Gohtlómoh, the city of Mel-' bourne with its Hamlets is about the samo Bino ns Syd 'ney and its Hamlets, and Instead of six members as we havo for both, they have fourteen there. (Hoar, hoar.)' And to whom aré we indebted, I ask again, for the Infa- mous arrangement of 1801? To'whom but'to Mr.' Donaldson? (Hisses,' cheers, arid confusion,) ' Mr, Donaldson was more opposed to the proper distribution of tho representation on that occasion than even tho Government of tho day. f" No,"no," ,r ros, yes,") For when it was proponed to (livide tho conn ty of Camden, and tho Government aooodod to tho proposal, Mr. Dbiinldson. opposed .lt. (Groat confusion; ' 'and orlon, " Olva, tia something about Moroton Day, Dnoto".") Then, again, gontlomon, the groat quoatlon of tho land, Will you trust a gentleman who has marlo such exhibi- tions on tho land .question as Mr. Donaldson, with tho mnnngemont of your affairs for tho futuro ns Primo Minister of tho colony?. Tats ls tho most important question, after the othor to willah I havo just alindad, for you, tho olofltor*of¡th*Sydnoy Hamlets, to oonsldor. And what likelihood is there, from,tho antecedents of Mr, Donaldson with regard to tho land, of your getting such a measure as you require ? (Hear, bear,) ' We aro not only required, to consider Mr, Donaldson's qualifies.' tHons personally for tho representation of this distriot) we havo alsa tc, wolaU lu the baUauo tho DoojUibjon, «'?',? ' ' í1;;, .-f.-"--" i » Ministry.??: (Cheer*, hisses, and'groans.) We have to ascertain ! what is to be expected from that ministry for the good government of ibis colony, And when wa repd in "the public papers-in the letters that have passed between, one and another-when we see the repeated declarations of this, that Mr. Donaldson agrees entirely with Mr. Thomson, the' late Colonial Secretary, in his political opinions, I ask what prospect have we from this Donaldson Ministry but the repetition of the old sham. (Cheers, and hisses.)__ Gentlemen, _Mr.. James Macarthur.'who has been the soul of this Ministry, has been the very personification of antagonism to popular interests all along. (Confusion, and a cry " We have nothing to do with Macarthur,") -I suppose, gentle men, that the new Solicitor-General has been appointed to give something like moral character and respectabi- lity to this Donaldson Ministry. (Interruption.)' It is quite sufficient for us, the electors of the Sydney Ham- let*-(a voico ". To put in tho best man")-that tho par- ties who are most strongly in favour of this Donaldson Ministry are, the Sydney Herald and Mr. George Macleay' (Cheors and hisses.) Gentlemen, whatever we may think of the character of tho Upper House as a political measure', it is quite evident that it has been used for electioneering purposes-(" Yes, ros," " No, no," " How, how ?" and great uproar,)-that it hos boen swamped already; and in tho event of our candidate suc- ceeding,: as I am sure he will, and of tho Donaldson Ministry being subverted,. ('.'. No, no,!' .". Yes, yes,") that House will be tho great house of obstructionists, in consequence of its being packed before by tho Donaldson and Macarthur Ministry, By tho New Constitution Act, ministers' of religion were excluded from the Lower House (hisses and oheers), and what aro wo to think of the doors of tho other House-for I cnnnot call it tho Upper House-being thrown open all at" once to admit nb* fewer than four of this' objectionable class ? (Cheers and confusion.) But, gentlemen, that appointment is not noarly so bad as the appointment of tho three judges as members of the Upper House. That, I maintain, was an unwarrantable and unconstitutional appointment, (" No,' no," " Yes, yos,"J and dotrimontal in the highest degree to the rights and liberties, of the people. Perhaps I have found tho judges political judges already, but they aro declared so now by the Con-l stitution. (Hear, hoar, and confusion.) But whatever we may think of the present ministry as to its eharnctor and 'as to tho prospect of good government which it affords tb this colony-and I consider this prospect very blank and dismal indeed-whatever, I say, we may think upon that subject, there can surely be no differ- ence among candid men ns to the way in which they havo got into office. Gentlemen, it is as clear as daylight that the Constitution pre- supposes tho old heads of tho departments to inaugurate tho new system, and to transfer the government into tho hands of tho new men who "might be indicated by tho Legislative Assembly. (Cheers.) But this .'Donaldson Ministry has not entered into tho political. fold by the door, tho only propor mode of entrance,-but has climbed up some other woy, has literally sneaked and stolon into omeo (groans, hisses, and great confu- sion). - It is a serious inroad upon bur rights and privi- leges, tho way in which office bas been taken by the first responsible ministry of New South Wales. It indicatos anything but bright hopes- and prospects for tho future ; arid I trust you will bo ready, as I have no doubt you will, to pass your sentence of condemnation upon the whole farce to-morrow.. (Cheors, and hisses.) Gentle- men, the electors of the Sydney Hamlets require on the present occasion to return, as their repräsentative, a thoroughly honest man, (cries, " We have one" and cheers)-a man who, although ho might not be a bril- liant orator, or a claptrap speaker, would always voto on tho right sido, and for the interests of the people. (Hear, hear.) And I, für my part, ara entirely in accordance with the opinion of the numerous committco who- have- called upon Mir. John Campbell to como forward.. I havo no doubt upon the point. I am> quito suro he is tho right man for the placo wo want to fill. (" No, no," " Yes, yes," and great confusion.; lam quite sure ho will always bo found voting on tho side af tho people, on the side of honest mon. (A cry " Whoso sido is Donaldson than ?" and great interruption.) It indicates very little confidence in the justice of their cause, or in their prospects of success, on tho part of so many gentlemen around. me of the opposite side, when they will not allow me freedom of speech ; but it is not at the hustings, but at the poll, that tho battle is to be fought and tho- victory won. (Cheers.) That is the place where you will record your votes for tho right man, and carry him-in at the head of tho poll by a large majority to-morrow at four o'clock. (Hear, hoar.) Gentlemen, it would be a dismal prospect for this colony indeed, if its bright future were to be darkened by tho continuance of such a ministry as we have at present-a ministry that is constantly harping about democracy. (Mr. Don- aldson: " Not a-word about it," and cries of "No, no.") Gentlemen, democracy is tho system unfolded in tho New Testament; it' is the system which has for its motto ".Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye unto them." Lamartine, tho greatest writer in France, says tho Gospel is democratic, and I think that is a very respectable place to find such doctrines in. (Groat interruption.) The general principle of unity among men is to do to others as we would wish them to do to us. (Hear, hear.) That is tho golden rule ; and will any man dare to tell me that the men who gave tho inhabitants of Sydney and the Sydney Hamlets, number- ing as they did one-fourth of the population of tho country, and a far larger proportion of its wealth-will any man dare to tell me the men who fixed down so enormous-a system upon tho colony as far as they could, were doing to others as they would wish others to do to them ?' (Hear, hear.) We have been branded on our foreheads by these gentlemen as unfit for political pri- vileges. (" Yes, yes.") They have robbed and cheated us of our rights ("no, no;" "yes, yes," and a great up roar)>; and we must put an end, by our votes to.morrow, to tho ministry that is likely to continue this grand fraud upon tho constituency. (Confusion.) All I want, gen- tlemen, is- good government for this my adopted coun- try ; but 1 cannot expect this from a ministry whose antecedents, ' individually and collectively, have been such as those of tho other ' can- didate and his coadjutors. (Hear, hear.) Tho great poet and historian Macaulay points out to us in. one of his " Lays of Ancient Rome," tho state of things that I hope one day or other to see in this colony. He says, For Romans in Rome's quarrel Spared neither land nor gold, Nor son nor wife, nor limb nor life In the brave days of old. Then none was for a party; Then all were for the State; Then the great man helped the poor, And tho poor man loved tho great. Then lands were fairly portioned : Then spoils were fairly sold ; The Romans were like brothers In the brave days of old. (Load cheers.) I don't think we are likely to realize any such system under the Donaldson Ministry ; but I think we shall make a great step towards realizing such a system, under which the people will have their rights and the land be fairly portioned as in ancient Rome, by the return of Mr; John Campbell as our representa- tivo (groat interruption). Gentlemen, I repeat it, lt is not here tho battle is to be fought ; there is a great array of force against us, and it is no wonder that, with tho strength of tho Government and tho votes of their officials on tho other side, an attempt should have been made to prevent public discussion on this question'. But it will not succeed. ' You will say, by your votes to morrow, that tho days of sham are at an end. (Cheers and groans.) I will conclude, Mr. Returning Officer and gentlemen, by doing what I have been particularly requested to do by a large committee of the elcators of this diitrlot-I will now propose John Campbell, Esq,, as a flt And proper person to represent tho Sydney Ham lots in tho Legislative Assembly.! < (Choers, bisaos, and groans.) ' Mr. HuatrnnEY RioitAnnsoN came forward to second the nomination. Ho said : When Mr. Dnnnldsnn last presented himself . before ? the electors of tho Sydney Hamlets, he had supported him, and ho would toll thom why. -Mr. Donnldson catho boforo thom and told them ¡that ho had had the chance of forming a Government, but he had failed, and therefore he lind given tho seats baok and bis hands wore Olean t and i on that account ho had professed to have their interests at heart, (Cries 11" So ho ' hos," " No, ho hasn't.") Ho (Mr. Richardson) had than boen willing to forgot all Mr. Donaldion had done, and fake his word for tho futuro. But thora was a vast difference now. When Mr. Donaldson presented himself before them before, he wished to booorae thoir* representative; now,' ho onmo bafore thom and said', " Lot mo bo your mästen." (Cheers, hlssos, and greftb confusion,) There was a vast differ, once between a representative and n primo minister ¡ nnd while Mr. Donaldson might be fitted for- tho ono, it did not nt all fellow that ho was qualified for tho othor, Ht did not dony that Mr. Donaldson possessed a great m my tnlonts) he should bo sorry to fteo him out of thc House. ' Me inokod lipon htm as one of our most usoful mombors-(oheerS)^-nrld when ho toted for him boforo he regarded him ns a sort of Inspector Singleton in tho House-(Lnitghtor.)-a man' who, would watoh about and wottld prntook their interests. (Hear, hoar.) Now he caroo before-them In n different nhapo altogether, (" No, ho doos not.") And was he fitted nt presort to bo the primo minister? ('J-YBS, yos,u' "No, no," and tremendous uproar.) Mr. Donaldson said, 11 L*t by. f¿ct»'j bo ufanea i dei'ut talk «bout what was. Uoforo 1851; talk about what is now." Well, ba would judge bim by wbat was now- whether be waa fitted for the office of prime minister. How, then, did ho come before them in bis addresses T As tho primo minister would not they havo expected something in tho simpo of un explanation of his policy, to prove that ho was going to be their benefactor, and that be bod their interests at heart ? (" Wo have had it," '* He bas," " No, no.") But what did he do ? Ho carno before them like a mon. .straus lette«!I._.Ha said, OJ. am.going to do thin ;-7 am going to reform tho other ; I have done this, and mean to do moro." He meant to , reform Ï everj-- " thing, and forgot that ho had colleagues. It was, 'JI the -Prime Minister;-/ the Treasurer, "J the Auditor,-x" everything. ( Cheers and laughter.) The man had very great talents, but they were spoiled by an ambition which the electors were called upon to cure. Put him in his right place now, keep him there for five years, and then he might make a prime minister. (Hear, bear, and laughter:) But, as the Scotch people say, "-He's no the man to mak' a minister, o' noo." The electors had asked at different times at tho meetings for an ex- planation of his policy, as to what he had to say about the lands. And what did he say ? ' Mr. Donaldson told them that if they wonted a bit of land, they should hnve a second chance. (Hear, hear, cheers, and hisses.) But' ho (Mr. Richardson) would tell them when they oould got tho chance- when there' was not a pound in tho banks to be borrowed by.capitalists to buy land with. (Hear, hear.) When all the land available on tho banks of tho rivers had been bought up by land-jobbers, then they should have that at tho back.. That was when, they would get their land. (Interruption.) Well now, it-\ ,was useless for him to bring forward, that ridiculous ! creation tho Upper House,: beeauso they had heard enough of it ; but Mr. Donaldson had received, he should think, a very severe "out," in constituting that House, when tho clergy refusod to take their seats. Ho thon learned that he had mada ono. false step. -Bud what did he next? Ho then put in tho judges. Andi what did he say when the electors told him he was wrong ? Ho said, " Look at the House of Lords." This colonial Sir Robort Peel said, " Look at tho House of LordB.!' Woll, were oil tho judgoB in tho Houso of Lords? (" No, no.") Yet, Mr. Donaldson put tho wholo of them-in the Legislative Council. Our judges wore men of irreproachable character; but was it not paving tho wny for a Judge Joirnes ? (" Yes, yes ; " " No, no.") . And now tho electors of Redfern and the AVotcrloo Kstate, : bow did they help Mr. Donaldson at tho last, election, and why? Beeauso bo was sup. ported by Mr, Coopor. ("'No, no." " Yes, yes.") . How many of thom had come to .tho hustings, and when it WOB explained to them that bj- plumping for Cooper they would do no good, were- induced to vote for tho man Mr. Cooper supported? And, consequently, to a certain extent, in that hamlet, Mr. Donaldson walked in on tho shoulders of Mr. Coopor. (" No, no," nnd great uproar,) And what did Mr. Donaldson sny of Mr. Cooper? Ho said ho was a most valuable'man-aman fitted for any ollloe-a man whom he should like to soe Colonial Treasurer; and yot, when ho was nominated for tho office of Speaker, Mr. Donaldson opposed him, (Hisses, groans, and cheers.; The man lind delicate health,' and could not take tho Speakership, but a man of delicate hoalth would do for Treasurer t Well, take Mr.Donald son on another took. They hud asked him whether ho would support, the' ballot. He said,' no, he didn't want tho ballot. (Hear, hear, and a cry-" It's only cowards that want tho ballot.") He said, you aro all free Eng lishmen, and bold enough to voto with- out tho ballot. But why did not their legislators do away with tho ballot ? Did he not know well, that from the Club in Bent-street to tho sraollost society, they did not give their members credit for having sulticient courage to speak their mind ; but that if they want to black ball a man they got the ballot. (Hear, hour.) If they wanted to set their houso right, let thom begin at the parlour, the kitchen could be cleaned afterwards. Mr. Donaldson had been very abusivo towards différent parties. ("No no," and hisses.) Ho told thom that their candidate was nomi- nated by Dr. Lang and the Bunch. (" No, no.") He /Mr. Richardson) could give that assertion a direct "contradiotiou. Ho was the first porson who proposed to Mr. Campboll to give his assent, and to ask Dr. Lang what his opinions wore as to the matter. (" Oh, oh" and hisses.) Would they not expect, from a man who took his »tand upon his honour, and scorned to utter anything that was untrue, that ho would not mako use of such un assertion unless he had some grounds for it? (Cheers.) Yet ho (Mr. Richardson) would a III rm that the inssortii n- was incorrect. Mr. Donaldson had talked to the electors about being lod by demagogues. Demagogues wore leaders o6 rabbles ; and oh I what a rabble the voters for Campbell must bo. (Confusion.; . Was it not patent to the whole of that hamlet, that every influence had been used short of downright bribery, to get votes for Mr. Donaldson ? (No, no," great uproar, crios of " Turn him out," Seo.) Large contractors had had moorings of their men, and directed their overseors to toll the men that they wero expected to vote for Donaldson.. (Cries of " Name, narao.") Did they wont tho ballot ?. Most of them wore workmen ; most of thom lived by being employed by other pooplo ; and what was tho offbot of being told tbot they were expected to,vote for one candidate ? They understood it in n moment ;: they said, " We must eithor bo silent and not vote at all, or run tho risk of losing our employment. ¡ (Cries of "Name, tiamo," "Randie, Raudle,'" and great confusion.) Ho might bo told that they could got lots of employment ; hut could they ?. How tunny hundred men were walking about tho streets now out of employment ? And suppose a man to. get into employment, anti n woek ofter wards to bo told to givo his veto in a certain manner; must ho not for- feit his employment? (Interruption.) Now, thero were many of them who wished to support Mr. Donald-, son. (Crios of " all, ull't" and great' confusion.) Only let them consider wliat_ they wero doing; They were causing a man to kill himself before he was half worn ont. Poormnn't Ho had to carry tho iron box. Now. what did they suppose tho iron box was.. Did they think it was like the large boxes used to contain deeds ? No, it was a box some eighteen inohes long. (Confusion-) They wore taking him from his family. Ho would! be able to enjoy that "littlo jewel moro precious than the gold of rom." (Great uproar.; Lot them taite another tost. Look around at tho liberal institutions of the city. He had hunted about to seo Mr. Donaldson's nemo amongst the supporters of thoso institutions, but he had not discovered it in connection with one of them. But be would tell them what they would find-they would find Mr. Campbell's nnmo ' ns' o' 'supporter bf theso institutions. Mr. Donaldson' "ran ' down" Mr. Camnboll, and called him ' dummy. Now, liston. At tho Paddington meeting ho said, " Campbell is a dummy." ("So bois," and confusion.) In the next sentence ho said ho put him in tho Uppor House as an oxponont of nubile opinion. A dummy an expo- nent of public opinion I (Cheers.) Taking Mr. Donaldson's addresses, did any groator trash ever issue from tho lips of a man than what . Mr. Donaldson bod said. (" Yes, what you aro saying," hissas and cheers.) They were called upon to havo pity on tho man, and not drivo him mad with conçoit, that had already brought him to tho borders of madness. (Laughter.) If tho pinnacle of worth woro as easy to bo attained ns ' tho pinnacle of wealth, lui would say, support Mr, Donald sou. He had no doubt tho timo would como when ho would gain tho second pinnnolo ; but lot them koop him back till that timo. (Interruption.) 'J o-inorrow was tho dny ot ni'tion, and thoy would, ho lind no doubt, be able to oloso. the poll to tho tune of "-The Campbell's ore Coming." (Laughter and oheers.) And in tho face of every ono of Mr. Donaldson's supporters they would then read bis initials, S. A. D. (Laughter.) In con elusion, ho begged to 'scoond .tho nomination of Mr. John Campbell ai a fit and'proper person'to reproBent the constituency in tho Legislativo Assembly. ' (Great uproar.) ' Tho ItRTunxiNo OFFICE» then called upon the first eandidato to nddres tho electors. Mr. DONALDSON (who was rocoh'od with loud and con- tinued cheers fi om his friends,' mingled with some disapprobation from tho opposite party) said, " out of tba fulness of tho hoart, thoinouth sponkoth." (Uproar.) But tho rcooptlon ho hnd met with that day, coupled with that ho hud received ab all the ward meetings ho had attended, made bis heart so full that ho folt sonroely able to address there*. (Groans, oheors, and muoh con- fusion.) If they would hear him, ho would speak to thom ( but if not, he certainly would not address thom, Ho lind same respect for them, bocnuso they wore hit constituents, but. at tho same timo, ho had some raspea! for himself, (loud ahoers.) lt was not a faw noisj boys who would put him down. (Ohoors, nnd laughter.] Nor would the small number who differed witt, him keep him Bil sut. (Cheers,, nnd hisses,) If they would hear him, bb oould assuro thom not one of his fnlondf would intoirupt Mr, Campbell, but ho (Mr. Donaldson would I nst, go on tintil ho was llstunod to- will tho patience, dooorum, and nttonbion worthy of th« oeunsloH.. . Tho time was ona of the groatosl irnpotfcinao not onlv to (IIOHO who attendod there-that day. bat to the oountry generally i and if they would no listen to him attentively- if they would no» behr, tot « short time, óttá so oloBely oonneotad with the proson position nnd oxigénelos of tho colony, whot. ho worth i ask, could bb oxpootod of thom ? (Cheers abd groans. 1 Ho wished to sneak to them beeauso he was doslrpui they should Judgo o( him, »ml tho ooitrse ho hat adopted, »nd glvo him tho verdict oC puhllo approval o pululo Idlttappiovnl, , They were the court of,- appoal HM onmo from ilia Assembly to thom with tho most per > fees «wMüguoo, aa to what wattUl ho the diolaiou tho; recorded. (Cheers, groan», and bifes.) Ha trusted they would keep quiet, and give him their attention . Ha had a good deal to say, if thoy would bear him; bu Ut voice waa not capable of making itself heard again* the voices of a thousand other persons. Ho waa conti dent if tbey heard bim, be would even make friends o those who were against him ; and, until they did heal bira, tbey would certainly not bo in a position to judge o bim impartially. (Uproar.) If they thought they wen going to the poll without him being heard, ho oouli assure them they wero muon mistaken, and tba thoy would have no poll. (Groans and cheers. If he had not had some courage of his own if he bad not possessed an independent will of his owe -ho could not have been there that day in the charade of the Premier of New South Wales ; and that courag and that will would ever preponderate over ten time their number,-moro especially when reason was on hi side. (Cheers and confusion.) Tbey might as wei expect him to fight against them all as to speak agains them all, if they had made up thoir minds not to hea him. He was only the individual among a number, and hy the - glorious principle of our Constitution, appearei before them in the character of a representative man It was for them to say by their votes on tho morrov whether he was their particular representative mai who should, under present circumstances, sit for then In the Assembly. (Cheers and interruptions.) Now, hi assured them he would he as short as he could, but tin . moro they- interrupted him, the longer he must neoes sarily be.' (Hear, boar.; It was not his intention, then to go over tho history of tho few bygone weeks; indeed it was not necessary. The Press,-that palladium o liberty and groat protector of publia men-even .whet opposed to thom,-(" Do you mean the Mornint Herald ?")-he meant both papers-had suppliée plenty of information in connection with tin political history of tho country, for the las few weeks; so that little remained to be said He would only say this at the commencement; that st far from tho remarks being just, which had boen deal out in certain quarters,'and which accused him or bring guilty of presumption when be felt it to be his duty t< take the helm of affairs, at a time of tho greatest diffi . oulty-so far, be repeated, from that being just, he as i public man, worth anything at nil, would, lind ho de dined tho treat, have been fairly chargeable witl cowardice and pusillanimity. Ho would not detail them, just then, by entering upon matters whiol had been already discussed ; but would, in pro ference, call to their recollection that his opimoni and principles were not, by any means, now to them He bad come before them yoars ago as a candidate foi the Assembly ;. had been six sessions in tho Council and had been looked upon as a friend, even by mer .opposed to him, from tho first. Because tho Hamlet! was a large constituency ; because it comprised sotno o: tho most important districts; because it contained within its boundaries all thoso di fièrent shades 01 wealth and iniluence which tended, in the aggregate to make up the prosperity of the colony-was lu bo anxious of being considered their roprcsontntive He had always been proud of being returned a mcmhoi for this constituency. In tho Hamlets would bo found a large proportion of the wealth and intelligence whiel: govern the country,-nnd when be said wealth and intelligence, ho meant to put them on precisely thc same footing,-and not to elevate one ahovo tho other (Cheers.) But when both wealth and intelligence com . binad in favour of a public man, it gavo him a kind ol moral consciousness,-a kind of self-support, so tc speak,-«f which all the noisy meetings on earth could not deprive him (choors and groans) ; and if, in addi tisn to this consciousness, ho felt convinced within him- self that ho was right-knew that his sincere desire was to do his best-then that consciousness, that conviction and that desiro would always stick to him and bethe moans of carrying him into tho highest positions. (Cheers.) He would not detain them, he repeated, with an historical account of all those matters which had boer gone over before, and with which they had been made conversant through the columns of the publie papers. They all knew the country was left by law without any Government at oil. (Loud cries of " No.") They must know that was a correct statement. Put tho case how thoy likod it came to this : that tbe country was left by law without a Government. Tho Governor was, as he (Mr. Donaldson) bad put itonapreviousoccasion, virtually sitting at the helm of Stato surrounded, liko tho ancient marmor, with ghosts. Now bo (tho honorablo gentle- man) would not toko to himself credit for any superior knowledge or ability,-be would not take credit to him- self for any superior labour in tho public service. But ho would tako crodit for this : that when the Governor received back his commission from Mr. Thomson, ho (Mr. Donaldson) did not shrink from undertaking the duty which was requested of him ; nnd ho consented to try to form an administration simply from a desiro to benefit his country. Could he gain anything by taking office? Certainly not; nnd dospito of all that had been said on that subject, he was confident they must seo he was right. In the words of an old Latin proverb, " Truth is great, and must prevail." In taking office ho had nothing to gain, though ho had a great deal to lose. He had endeavoured to form a Covernment solely and sim- ply from a sincere desiro to do good and to serve thc country whero ho had lived from boyhood to manhood, and to whioh he hod always felt ho owed .o much. So far from having any personal or pecuniary end in view, ho would say that had he wonted to leave the colony with the fortune which, thank Ood, ho had been enabled to make, ho supposed he could have gone. Ho had been eallod n " bird of passage ; " but how a bird of passage, when ho might have left the colony ; when ho had it in his power to livo in ono of the capitals of Europe, and when even a place in tho Senate House of England was open to him. (Cheers and laughter.) These wero no vain boasts ; but having chalked out a career for himself-having determined to lend bis assistance to the country-having determined to give his aid to tho dovolopmcnt of its resources, and to oxtend those social and educational privileges to tho pooplo whioh would mike fortuna and position as frae and open to them ns to him,-it was not for him to have declined the position of trust which was offered him. (Cheers.) Liberals, as soma called themselves, ho should liko any of thom to compare thoir careers with his, and point out in which particular ho had boen moro illiberal than they. ("You shut out tho Catholics 1") Ho never did; but would allude to that matter presontly. ("Yes you didi") No he did not; tho statement was utterly false. (Cheers.) It was vory true, as th« rovorond proposer of Mr. Camp boll bad said, thnt in the year 1881, he (Mr. Donaldson; took a different view of tho question of the representative system of tho colony to that willoh tho rovorond gontleman himself entertained. He would frankly admit that he did ; nnd if thoy increasod tho harm ho was supposed to liavo dono thorehy, by tho number of times tho reverend gontleman hod spoken of tho matter-which numbor was somewhere about twenty, for it was the stock and staple of all his attacks upon him (Mr. Donaldson)-it would amount to nothing more than that on that particular question-as on nil othors-ho (tho honorable gontleman) hnd voted accord- ing to his conscience. ("Cheers and hisses.) And bo might embrace that opportunity of saying, that the opinions of philosophers, tho knowledgo of statosmon, and tho experience of thoso who governed greator coun- tries than this, wont to show that universal suffrage and vote by ballot wero not tho origin or safeguard of free- dom-(loud obeors, and louder groans)-wont to show, moreover, that a despotism of tho worst character, and an oligarchy of tho most disastrous and tyrannic kind might exist co-ordinate with tho two principlos -which, however much they might appear to bo popular advantages, woro in reality popu- lar evils, and virtual encroachments on the popular will. Voto by ballot and universal suffrage wore fraught with more dangor to tho people than tho law undor which they wera now living. Tho sum-ago ho had always supported might, in ronlity. bo callad universal; although it was not so Indiscriminate in its notion as that which was advocated In certain quarters. He was In favour uf a suffrage which shonld ba so far universal that only manhood, rosldonco, and eduoation shonld bo rogardod as qualifications. This bolng his view, ho would, if roturned, go on increasing tho moans of éducation,-so as to bring mon up to a suflVngo as simple as.thnt ho proposed, rather th n bring so slmplo a suffrage down. There was no doubt-no ono would attempt to deny lt-that political power in this country must bo vested in tho poople ; and, consequently, if they had a Government worth a farthing-at all events If they lind a Government like that he belonged to at tho pro sont timo-raoasuros would bo oarriod out caloulatod to giro suoh educational and other advantages to tho pooplo os that «heir march would be necessarily upward, Those wero his prinoiplos with regard to tho suf- frago. (Choors and disapprobation.) Thoy all knew his opinions rospooting tho ballot. They woro told that it would bo n protection to thom-that lt would onoblo thom to exoroiso thoir great popular rights in tho manner they pleased ; but, in tho face of all this, he would not nornplo to sny that it would mado cowards of them. Talk of bribery ! Why, lt was Impossible undor tho proHont system-mid in n oountry of so many free- holds and so muoh imlonondonao, but onoo adopt the ballot and it might flourish and grow until it booomn a most noisomo plant. So far from tho olfeot of tho ballot belng to got rid of bribery, ho was of opinion that it would go fur to Ineronso it; for, after its adoption, it would ba oompotent far voters to tako bribes from oil parties and vato for none, It would bo impossible to seo that they did what they had promised. They did'not want tho ballot. They Iud iatolltgoRao enough to know what they wanted, and were brave enongh to come forward and tall' it. He would beg, at that moment, to take the opportunity of explaining how it was that he so frequently alluded to himself, without mentioning his colleagues. The fact was, that having formed tho ministry himself, he hod fallon into tho habit of speaking of it in the roannor which had boen pointed out. This was certainly a mis take. He wished it to be understood that when bo spoko of himself ho meant to includo his colleagues, and that whon he said " I " ho meant " thom." (Laughter.) With regard to tho ministry, and tho measures they proposed to carry ont, he need not go into these matters, he thought, nt any length. (Hear, hear.) He declined to accept tho challenge of thoso who would, at that stage, urge him into a long discussion of politics and a lengthy defence of a policy which had already received the sanc- tion of a largo majority of tho people's representatives. That was not the placo fitting for such a discussion, which should take placo in the assembly of which ho was a member. Whatever ho might have said at the ward meetings, he bad always satisfied moro than he had displeased, and taking that as a ward mooting, on a monster scale, he hoped that day to please moro thnn be dissatisfied. The exposition of ministerial policy he held in his hand was too long to read to them ; but he bad little doubt they wero ono and all acquainted with its contents. Thoso who agreed with' the policy, laid dawn in the Governor's speech, should feel it: their duty to voto for him ; but, on the qthor hand, those who did not agree with that policy, could not, he imagined, support him. All ho asked of them was, to read tho speech attentively, and then to come te a calm and dispassionate decision upon it. Ho would allude to ono or two parts of tho policy laid down in the doonmen', before proceeding further. And what, he would ask, wns tho first step tho Government proposed to toko? Why, to efi'ect important popular obanges in tho Now Constitution. Tho first thing ministers proposed to do was, to repeal tho two-thirds clause, so that the wis- dom of Parliament can, after the abolition of the' pro- vision, mnke any alterations, and effect any reforms, by means of simple majorities. ("The Government oouldn't help itself in tho mattet I ") The Government could have helped itself; hut it was thoir ' con- scientious opinion' that the clause ought to bo repealed, fCheers.) In tho next place, !they proposed material changes in thc administration of the publia service ; and next, departmental reforms were in contemplation. This, all must admit, was absolutely necessary. The Government of tho country had been, too long, a Government of bureaux orany ; its departments had been managod undor a most complicated system ; and it was now thought that much of tho machinery might bo dono away with. Nothing could bo moro detrimental to the public service than tho manner in whioh tho departments had been hitherto managed. The mixing up of accounts had tendod not only to koop moro mon employed than were actually required, but to koop tho publie creditor waiting fur his monoy. Under the present arrangements much delay and confusion prevailed. This was something which muf-t oomo home to all. Tho public creditor had to apply for payment of monoy day ofter day ; to be told thu Auditor-General had not prepared tho warrant, or that, from some cause or other, tho Treasurer was unable to make payment. Now, the Auditor- General, under the now system, would bo an Auditor-General in tho fullest sense, and not a mero stop-gap to prevent or delay payment. The Auditor- General would receive nnd examine tho vomhers, and as soon as ho had passed them-whioh would bo os speedily as possiblo thoy would be handed over to tho Colonial Treasurer for immediate payment. Tho next matter alluded to in tho speech was the urgent necossity which existed for de- vising a comprehensive system of education. It was woll known that ho had tho honour of being a member of tho Sonata of the University-that noble fane which roso before them in tho distanco-which was open to them all ; which was not at all narrow in its basis or restricted in its operations; and whioh,ho might add, was managed by tho most ablo and tho most worthy men. (Choors.) Tho system of education adopted there was tho system to which ho was favourable; and whiuh ha would do all in his power to extend, until every ono could partako of its advantages. Ho would liko to knew undor what other system greater advan- tages could be obtained. In fact, in this country, every- thing was founded upon so liberal a basis that tho high- est functions were open to any man who chose to aspiro to. them. Thoro was no man who might; not bocomo a member of the Legislativo Assembly; there was no member of the Assembly who might not be Speaker; -or risa in such a manner as tobo called upon at any moment to take tho reins of Government. ("Gammon !") It was tho truth ; if not, how could he bo there that day. Ho was in the position of most of thom whon ho first came to tho colony. He had become a member of the Council by tho suffrages of his fellow citizens ; he had, owing to what power or ability lie may havo possessed, risen in public estimation until he. was sont for by his Excellency tho Governor-Goneral. What ho had done since was well known, nnd judging from tho majority of 30 to 8 recorded in the Assembly in favour of his polioy, ho was justified in assuming that he was tho right man in tho right place. Having reached the highost position- having obtained a majority of the vote« in the Assembly-it only remained to come for- ward and receive a verdict of approval from the consti- tuency that bad returned bim. (Cheers and hisses.) Doforo proceeding further he was desirous of removing somo misapprehension which appeared to exist as to the bearings and issues of tho present oloctlon. It had been said that it was not mordy nn eleotion for the Sydnoy Hamlets, but an eleotien for a premier and for n ministry. Now, ho desirod them to undorstond that the election was to decido whether ho or John Campboll was the flttor person to roprosont them-and nothing else. They might bring fifty mon against him if they likod although to judgo from tho oxporlonco of the lost few weeks they had found it difficult to bring one-and ho could stand only on his own morlts. The party anta- gonistic to bim had put up one in opposition oqunl in position and oharaotor to himself. Ho was ovidently tho best man they could get, and ho (Mr. Donaldson) would ask thora who of the two thoy would have ? (Loud cries of " Campboll I" and counter eries of " Donald- son I") By interrupting thoy would lead him from tho thread of his discourse and would tempt bim to say something about his friends. To return onoo moro to tho Vioo-Regid spoeob. It said i-" The management of tho pnblio lands and the oontrol of tho revenues derivod from that source, having boen surrendered to tho local Govornment, and tho Imperial Aots for the dis posai of thoso lands having boon repealed, it will bo your duty to givo your immediate attention to this most im- portant subjoot." The same olattso went on to soy : "I confide on tho wisdom of the Législature to aid tho Govornment in the ennotment of moasuros by whioh, without violating tho publia faith or sacrificing oxistlng interests, greatly inoroased fnollitios may ho ofTurdod for tho acquisition of land by persons of all olasses, and tho sott lemont of tho country promoted." That was tho pro gramma of polioy, and it romainod for ministers to show them how thoy intended to oarry it ont. Tho paragraph proocoded : " arrangements are in progress for surveying nnd proparlng for salo a very large oxtent of available land, and for tho improvement and moro prompt issuo of doods of grants." Whilo on this subjoot, it was only fair to hlrasolf that ho should remove an imputation whioh had boen urged against him, so far as his opinions on tho disposal of tho land wero concerned. It had beon said that he was in favour of a system which should give the first clioloo of the land to tho rich man, and tho sooond oholoo to the poor man. Now, this was untrue; and ho desired most emphatically to deny it. His proposal, in contradistinction to tho plan at presont adopted, was to survey large portions, and then to put it up in blocks of from 3ft to 10 acres in alluvial flats, and in larger portions whon not alluvial. Tho gontleman who lind sooondod tho nomination of his opponont bad noon sod him (Mr. Donaldson) of being anxious to glvo tho poor mnn tho " second ehance." This was an unfounded ocousntion-an accusation that any gentleman should havo boon very careful in making, Ho (Mr. Donaldson) denied that it was truo; and re- gretted that, Inasmuch OB his proposal was, at first sight, somewhat complicated, it should bo tho causo of so muoh misapprehension and misrepresentation. Surely if tho land wore put up in large blocks, it would not bo fair to tho poor man. But ft was of no use explaining what ho meant if the people were so silly that thoy would not understand him. (Loud groans, and a cry of " What steo would ba tho blocks ?") That would dopond entirely on tho quality of tho lona; somo of which was not worth a. shilling nn aero. That, thon, was what tho programma said. If thoy wore not truo servants of tho public, If they had put forward a dolli sion, thon there woro two tests thoy had to undergo. In tho first plaoo tho Assambly could tost thom ; for thoy did not hold thoir seats upon proscription, and would doolino to hold tho reins of power without thoy pos- sessed tho oonfidenco of tho Houso and tho country. In tho sooond plaoo they oould bo tested whon thoy como again before tbolr oonstltuonolos and oskod for thoir support. Thoy could not for a moment suppose that the Assombly would support a corrupt ministry, and that, if it did, tho oonstltuonolos would support olthor tho ono or tho othor. (A cry of '. What about tho Uppor Houso t ") A gentleman asked, what about tho Upper Houso, and ho (Mr. Donaldson) would with great pleasure go into that matter. (Cheers,) It had beon said that they lind fallad in tho Uppor HOUM) principally because thoy. had plaoed.tho judges thoro. In auswar to that ho should tako tho oppor- tunity ot reading to them a few words from a speeoh of V man who waa known .to be ono of the beat lawyer», one of the beat bint/>riann, and the gréaient orator of bi« age. Ho meant Thoma« Babington Macaulay, On the occasion when Lord Hotham proponed to exclude a judge-tho Master of the Rolls-from the Houso of Commons, Mr, Macaulay showed that not only should the Master of tho Rolls be in the Houso, but that be had boen there OOO years. He soys : Of tba it ntl on of n Legislative Assembly, tba noble lord und some of those gentlcmon wno support lila bil), neem to mo to bave formed a very Imperfect notion. Thoy argue a* if the only buslnens of tho Hanno af Commons wan to tura ono sut of men out of pince, and to bring in another set Into place, ns if n judge contd find no employment hore but factious wrangling;, Slr, it In not so. Thoro aro exlemiivo and peaceful provinco» of parlia- mentary business for removed from tho Heids of battle when hostile partios onoounter each other. A great jurist seated among us might, without toking any prominent part in tho strife betweoo the Ministry anti the Opposition, rondor to lils country most valuable »orvlce, and ear» for himself an imperishable nome. Nor was there ever a time when tbe assistance of such « jurist was more needed or more likely to bo justly appreciated than at present. No obinrvunt man can fail to perceive thal there ls In tho publia mind a general, a growing, an earnest, and at the same time, I must nay, a most sober and reasonable desire for extensive law reform. I hope and beliévo that, for nomi time to come, no year will pass without progress in law reform; and I hold, that of all law reformers, the bost is a learned upright, and largo-mimlod judgo. At suoh a time il ls that we are oalled upon to shut the door of tub House against tho last great judicial functionary, to whom tho unwise legislation of former Parliaments has left it open. Ic the meantime the other House ie open to him. It is open to ai the other judges who are not suffered to sit hore. It ia open tc tho judge of tho Admiralty Court, whom the noblo lord, twelvi or thirteen yoars ago, prevailed on us, in au unlucky hour, tc exoludo. In the other Houne is the Lord Chancellor, and sovera retired Chancellors, a Lord Chief Justioe, aud several retiree Chief Justices, Tho Queen may place there to-morrow tho obie liaron, tho two Lord« Justices, the threo Vico-Chaneellors, thi very Alastor nf the Rolls about whom we aro debating : and we as if wo wore not already too weak for tho discharge of our fune tiona, are trying to weaken ourselves still more. Now, Slr, if thii argument proves anything lt proves that tho Master of tho Holla and, indoed, all tho other judgos might, to be exalnded from thi House of Lords, as well as from tin' lluiinu nf Commons. Hut] dany that the argument is of any w.-iulu. Tin- division of laboa; has its disadvantages as well ii» its advantages. In operation; merely mechanical you can hardly carry the sub-division too far but you may easily carry it too far in operations which require tho exercise of high intellectual powers. It is quite true, as Adam Smith tells us, that a pin will be best made when one man does nothing but cut the wire, when another does nothing but mould the head, when a third does nothing but sharpen tho point. But it is not true that Michael Angelo would have been a greater painter if he had not been a sculptor: it ls not true that Newton would have been a greater experimental philosopher if he had not been a gnome trician : and it ls not true that a man will be a worse lawgiver be cause he is a great judge. I believe there is as close a connection between the functions of tho judge and the functions of the law Ílivor as between auatomv and surgery. Would it not be thi leight of absurdity to lay down the rule, that nobody who die sected the dead should be allowed to operate on tho living! Tho effect of such a division of labour would be, that you would have nothing but bungling surgery, and the affect of the division of labour which the honorable member for Mentrose recommends, will be that we shall have plenty of bungling legis tation. Who can bo so well qualified to maka laws and to merni laws ns ninan whoso business lt is to interprot 1awB and to ad minister laws? As to thia point, I have great pleasure in oitini an authority to whioh the honorable member for Montrose will, J know, bo disposed to puy tho greatest deforence-tho autliorilj of Mr. Bentham. Those were, tho opinions of .Babington Macaulay, and, according to that authority, of Jeremy Bentham-an able writer and the greatest jurist who over lived-and they wero a direct answer to the attacks whioh had been made upon him with regard to tho appointment of the judges. Tbero was, indoed, nothing in tho appointment of tho Upper House which ho was not prepared to defend from the beginning to the end. He was prepared to say that the Uppor House is a most liberal institution, com- prising, as it does, men of all opinions ; men of all functions in life; men of all sects, and men from all districts of tho; country. Ho was no friend of only elevating an aristocracy, as such,, to places of dignity and honour ; but preferred to see men exalted who were respected for their abilities and character. He had formed the Upper House of men who had received the public approval, and better men could not be found if they scoured the country round. (Hisses.) So far as tho number of the members of tho Upper House was concerned, he thought thoy would all agree with him when he said that twenty-one members were not enough. They would see this all tho clearer when they recollected that there would bo four paid servants of the Crown as mombcrs, and that seven would form a quorum. If they took tho matter calmly to heart ho was confident they must approve of tho larger number appointed, He kuew many who wished that there should have been fifty membors-and who considered that a Houso composed of a small number might on occasion have the appear- ance of an oligarchical institution stnnding in the way of the popular will. The Lower House, ho had no hesitation in saying, contained men of tho greatest influence in the colony, representativo mon, who would bo an honour to any country. Tho Lower Houso might reasonably object to an Upper Chamber, consisting only of 21 inombers, attempting to interfere in, or revise the legislation of fifty-four representative. (Hear, hear, hear.) He was so well satisfied with ibo appointment of tho Upper Chamber, that it was no idle vaunt when he said futurity would, in this matter, do bim justice, when all party- fooling'had died away. Ha would not forget his promise, and on an occasion like that enter into any political disquisitions; and he trusted, more- over, that ho should rofrpin from making personal obser- vations on gentlemen not present to defend themselves. He had boen acousod of stating at ward - meetings that which was untrue about bis opponent. Now, Mr. Campbell was thoro beside him on tho hustings ; and he (Mr. Donaldson) would, in his presence, 'say that the story of tho mutton and the red currant jelly was too true. (Cheers and laughter.) But thero was another matter on which he was anxious of saying a word or two. Ono of tho supporters of his opponent occupied the double position of a member of the Assembly and editor of a newspaper-(loud cheers and groans)-and consequently had full powor-a power of whioh bo had not scrupled to make good use-to oxpross his opinions of him (Mr. Donaldson) nnd his administra- tion. Not content, however, with inserting in his paper all kinds of criticisms upon the Donaldson Administra- tion, as it was called-in tho shape of leading articles, letters, and otbor contributions-ho bad come out that day with a lotter signed with his own name. (Cheers.) In that lotter tho honorable gentleman complained that he eould not come thero that morning to givo uttoranco to his opinions, as his name was not on the electoral roll. Now ho (Mr. Donaldson) thought ho had no cause to complain. Thoy bod no such "utterance" as ho had. They had no newspaper at their backs, like Mr. Parkes, fChoors and hisses.) But if ever ho saw nn exempli- fication of tho old fabio of tho wolf and tho lamb, it was in Mr. Farkas's lotter of that day. (Laughter and groans.) Tho honorablo gontleman complained that he could not bo heard- that he had no powor of expressing hlmsolf on this matter-while ho had a paper at his baok filled with diatribes against him and his colleagues. He (Mr. Donaldson) held a high opinion of Mr. Parkes : ho rospcotcd his oharactar and talents-indoed, no man could do otherwise-blithe would toll Mr,'Parkes just this ono thing : Publio opinion was net represented in his porson alono. But it seemed to him that Mr. Pnrkos would mako a kind of Juggernaut car of his paper, and would not be satisfied unless they all threw themselves under its wheels. Mr. Parkes was like many others; Uko tho sculptor, he was fond of working in plnstio clay whioh bo could mould and figure to his own liking ; and because ho had not found him (Mr. Donaldson) plastic day he did not like him, Ho (Mr. Donaldson) might say that, Uko tho King of Babylon, Mr, Parkos had sot un a gobion imago, and that ho (Mr. Donaldson) had, UKO a modern Shndraoh, deoliacd ta worship lt, and was, therefore, to bo oast into tho flory furnace. (Choors,) Ho did deoline to " worship tho image whioh Nebuchad- nezzar tho king had sot up I" (Lnughtor, cheers, and hlssos.) Ho was publio property, and so was Mr. Parkos; hu respected publio property, and respoctod Mr, Parkes and respected him all thc moro when he remembered that ho bad gainod his prosont position through hts own exortions; but at the same time he would toll Mr. Parkos that ho could not bow down to his diotatlon, or to the dlatation of any man whatever. With regard to tho party opposod to bim, ho thought they had ployed their cards very badly. They had been, as it were, play log at whist without remembering the tenis. Ho had a great respect for Mr. Campboll, and he was sorry ho. had allowed himself to bo mado the cot's" paw of his friends. Ho was sorry Mr. Campboll allowed hlmsolf to bo mado a kind of stalking horse from behind willoh tho " stag of ton" was to bo " Shot down, amt dono to death," Mr. Donaldson was sorry to soe Mr. Campholl made a oat's paw, to take chostnuts out far n monkey cleverer than himself. If, on tho othor hand, Mr. Campbell asp red for tho post which he (Mr. Donaldson) hnd tho honour to hold, and was going to form a ministry of Ids own-(laughter)-he (Mr, Donaldson) would leave it to tho publio to oxpross their opinion of him, and Would only ask that constituency to judgo whioh was tho right man in the right place. Ho could not help remember. lng a lino or two of n poot well known to most of them, Ho meant " Tommy" Mooro, nnd which woro ns fol. lows i " Whilst other Sensalen« things appear, To know tba limit of their spliore ; And not a our on earth romances 6o muoh ai to conceit «ho dances, His honorable friend did not take a lesson from tho brute creation, but was making himself a popinjay : that that all tho world would laugh at. (Crios of" Not") Soma blamo had bean cast upon him (Mr. Donaldson) for having allied hlmsolf with men of different political opinions to hlmsolf, and to each otbor j but tho prinol plo whioh had governed him in this matter was not to loan so muoh to partisanship-not to run away with the Idea that nil who differed with him wore oligarchs and aristocrat*, bat to, endeavour to get men of ability «nd ehsrocttfr, who would work together for tlie publié good. Tili« he. bad succeeded in doing, and he could not refrain from saying that nil of bis I col. leagues were abler than himself. (Laughter.). What system ' of Government eould bo bettor, . than ono in which tho best conservativo and best liberal ele- ments were brought together as in his own administra- tion, in tho cases of himself and two of, bis ?? col- leagues? That was a system of government which would bo found in accordance with the spirit of the times, and of all wise legislation-it would be ever found advancing and reforming, and advancing and re- forming in the right way-that is as the occasion de- manded it. , (Cheers.) . There had been a good deal of talk about necessary organio changes taking place in the whole system of the administration of the country.. On that point he would moke them a confession-although it, might bo pabulum to his opponents-and that confession was, that he did, not like these hasty and ill-considered organio changes. He looked upon them, indeed, with apprehension. - Organio reforms looked all .very well on paper. They were all.very well in theory ¡- floe things for those who ; sought to lead the people by . strong , writing and violent diatribes. Practically they, were of little good. There was .nothing in theories,that would bring bread to tho poor man's door ; there wits nothing in theories that would ' make roads and canals ; there was nothing, in theories that .would give ' education to their children, ;; thqre was nothing in theories that would benefit the State or, promote their own .interests. ¡That was only to be donó : by sound practical legislation. (Hoar, bear, nnd laughter.) In tho present condition of this country, perhaps .above alt othor countries-and at this time, beyond, perhaps, nil other times-when they had, not more than fourteen miles of railway-(loud ories of " Charley Cowper.") ' Mr. " Charley Cowper", did not make thé railway. (" Oh I but bo did I" and uproar.) In a country where , they.were labouring under-great physical disadvantages,, where;, from , the absence of navigable rivers, they'required railways to bring every- thing to their doors ; , whore they were impoverished from the bad order'of things under which they had heretofore.existed ; where they wero struggling tinder a heavy debt; where even their system of accounts-was so faulty tbat.it rieéded.imrnediate reform ; and where tho very system of tho settlement of the country-tho land system- was complicated and unsatisfactory; in a country like this, practical legislation was imperatively required.. His prayer was, that truth and justice.i reli- gion and piety-(laughter)-should bo established among them. (Cheers and bisses.) That was something worthy of boping for, nnd whatever his enemies might soy against'him, he still had the right to wish-to offer his earnest prayers-for the prosperity and happiness, of a oountry to which ho owed so much.. It rested with them to say whether they considered that prosperity and happiness would bo producod by his election, or by that of his opponent. It was for thom to judge whether ho ; (Mr. D.) was fitted for the, position which:had been entrusted to him or not. He had . not been engaged in business for a numbor of years without gaining expe- rience; and bo was anxious to devote nil Iiis abilities to tho service of the country. He had never shrank from mooting them. He had stood seven contested elootions fur the Council. Thero was,nothing in his political lifo which ho was at all desirous to conceal. Ho had no doubt plonty of faults might be found, but still ho had had no hesitation in boldly coming once moro. before thom to solioit their suffrages. His only wish now wos to serve his country. , (Loud groans.) ? Thoro was , no sincority in groans like that, they were condemning a man for. tolling tho truth, and came from thoso who did not liko to hoar either reason or truth. His opinion was that any ministry-whether his own . or not-that undortook tho arduous duties of offico,with a fixed determination to bo useful to tho oountry, was worthy of fair and con- siderate treatment. Tho affairs of the country should not bo conducted in a party spirit, but in a manner which would; roflect a lustro on thomsolves, and which would be productive of results which would remain as moraontoos or monumonts to their honour.' He would appeal to tho public on tho morrow to, say whether thpy beliovüd what ho had said or not. If they did bellevo him, then would bo bo once moro returned ; if not, then thoy would reject him. It was for thom to doit. Ho .was their servant, and, placed himself in thoir bands. It had been attomptcd to bo shown by tho gentleman who had ' seconded the nomination of Mr. Campbell-the samo gentleman who had made the unfounded' state- ment about his (Mr. Donaldson's) desire to give the poor man tho second chanoe in the loud-that he: (the honorable gentleman; was not their servant, but their master. This was as falso a statement as the other. To make such assertions was scarcely fair. He only wanted justioo nt their hands. Ho did not oome forward as n supplicant. Ho carno before them ns an English gentleman desirous of serving them in tho best mannor ho could ; and of advancing tho intorests of this country. That ho would do if: returned. Ho had just one thing against whioh to caution them. ' He hopod thoso - prosont - that morning would not fall of oomlng on tho morrow. Ho hoped nono of thom would sit down and contont tbumsolves with reading something or othor in the paper, and. coming to the conclusion that " it was all right," and that thoy need not trouble themselves on tho matter. If, on the other hand, thoy did their duty to him as ho was dotormined to do his duty to them, he was confldont they would by 4 o'clock on the morrow return tho right man-and was as coiiildont, moreover, that that right man was himself. (Loud cbcors and groans.). ' Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL thon came forward and was received with mingled ohoors and hootlngs. Ho snid that in coming boforo the electors candidatos ought to follow the advice of tho old Roman Cato, who said thnt mon should never como forward to ask for Btiffragos. (Cheers.) For himself he . could say that whon tho deputation carno to him to ask his consent to be put in nomination, ho told thom ho could not and would not attend meetings for tho purpose of getting votes. Their answor was that thoy did not ask him to como out as a candidato soliciting votes, hut they would taka him as ho was and put him in for tho Hamlots, (Chocrs and noise.) Could ho then. rofuso. the request of a respectable deputation of tho electors of tho Hamlots and say ho would not sit ? Ho had accepted thoir ofter ' and ho had no doubt they would put him in. (A Volco: "Who woro the deputation ?" and chooring.) Ono reason why ho had novcr attended tho mooting» was, that ho did not consider himself equal to the turmoil attendant on such proceedings. Ho did not pretend to tho gifts of Mr. Donaldson. Ho was not endowed with oin quenco, but ho thought there were many moro valuable qualifications than éloquence Demos, thenos, tho Athenian orator, the most eloquent mnn with perhaps tho exception of Cicero who had ovor Hvod, had by his orations porsundod his countrymen to mako war upon Philip of Macedon, but in tho first battlo, tho oloqttent Demosthenes throw away his sliiold nnd hid hlmsolf. (Chcors and laughter.) Ile thought tho Governor bod modo a great mistaho in Bonding for Mr. Donaldson tho second time. Wbon her Majesty oonfldod the formation of a Ministry to the Tories and thoy failed, she did not Bord for tho sanio party twieo, but would sond for the Whigs. (Chcors and noise.) Ho thought thora must bo somo springs bob i nd whioh pull od tho bell rnpo. (Chcors and noise.) lie thought tho Q o vor nor would not havo sont for Mr. Donaldson tho second timo, if bo had not hoon told of tho dangorous obaraoter of tho opposition. (Choors.) Ho could not speak well but ho could seo things, (Cheers.,) Ho was not sn blind hilt what ho oould soo. (Choers and Interruption,) Rospmislblo Govornment would bo of no uso if they woro to havo tho same class of people and tho »anio moasuros as tim old govornment. (Cheers. A Volco» " You ? want all tho Campbolls In.") In standing for tho Hamlets he was putting himself to some inconvenience, but ho wantod to alleviate tho condition of tho lower olnssos. (Cheers.) It was said that he wan 'wonl thy : perhaps that was best known by hlmsolf. (Noiso and confusion.) Tho people did not find their deserts, (Interruption.; Look at tho othor side and they found all tho wealth, but on his side all tba pooplo. (Choors.) It was for them to say whothor tho aristocracy Bhonld havo all tho powor. or whether somo of it should bo glvon to tho pooplo. (Cheers and boatings.) In this small population of 000,000 «f whioh tho colony consisted thoro ' was ; raised/' tho onormons ravonuo or Xl,800,000. (Ohcors and interruption,) lt was monstrous, nnd thorn must havo hoon groat mismanagement on tho pnrt of tho former Government, for what had they got to show for it. (A Voloo s " Ay, tho formor Oovornroont, not Donald son's.") Thoy had two railroads-tho Sydney and Parramatta one nnd the Newcastle and Maitland ono but both hnd boon begun nt the wrong end. ' At prosent they only snvod hnlf-an-liour in going to Parramatta, whoroas thoy should havo begun nt Parramatta and geno into tho Interior. It was tho samo at Now. castle, whore thoy hod mndo tho railway along tho river, willah they could go up by tho ntonmor, whon it should have started whore it now ended and boon oarriod on to Slngloton. Rut it nnpoared that overy min hnd lils own intorest at boort ana not tho people's. Ho was afraid they woro very solflsh. (Clinors.) Mr. Donaldson had spoken In glowing tormn of tho honoflts to bo dorivod from tho University. Ho himself lind boon fovotirnblo to lt, ns ho thought it rather nn ndvnnco to tho colony, A few days «go ho had visited tho sito of tho University to soo what progross they woro making with tho building, and ho saw tho anns of Mr. Donaldson and Bovoral othor members of tho sonnto oarriod upon tho stonowork. . (Oheors and uproar.) Now ho would ask whothor tho public money should ba spent In that way whon they woro In want of Immigra. lion ?,. (Cheers sad noise.)- Then there was the exton. «ion of the railroad to Pyrmont, of what ose waa tbatf (Interruption. A Voice : " They ought to make you prime minister.") Yes. he thought the Governor aught to send for bim. (Cheering ana noise.) He held, cer- tain opinions and lie must be allowed to teil them what they were. Mr, Donaldson bad said that bo was not in favour of universal suffrage or vote by ballot. Now there ho differed from that gentleman for he had always been BO, and now more than ever. (Cheers.) At the last election at the Gipps Ward polling booth ho had seen a young man give his vote, for the " Bimoh," too, by the way. After the man had done so he heard two or .three per- sons say to him " We'll servo you out-how dare yon vote for the " Bunch ?" ?' (Cheers and groans. A Voice : ?' That's a good one 1") In another casa be had known a master turn ono of his servants away because ho bad voted contrary to his wish. (Cheers and noise.) Ha was quito sure the ballot would have a good effect, though Mr., Donaldson did say it was un English-it would save bickerings. (Cboering and hooting.) At the last election he himself could not help fooling a little hurt at the opposition encountered from those in his employ, and he hod no doubt that persons of malignant and malicious mind would have turned them adrift.' He was quite sure that any man who stands upon n fair position need never fear the ballot. (Cheers and noise.) As to tho public lands ho thought they ought to bo put up at a nominal prioo so that any- body could buy a portion, soy at two shillings and six- pence on acre. They - hardly over saw any lands sold now, and why was it so? Because tho price was twenty shillings an acre, and this was put on beoausa tho squatters had got most of the lands. (Cheers. A Voice : 41 How many squattages havo you got?") He had ono or two squattagos, but thero' wero some which poid well and others nothing. (Noise.) Ho happened to have ono which was worth nothing. (Con tinned hooting .nnd interruption.) They would require more funds to carry on the Government, and ho would propose that the squatters should be taxed first. (Cheer- ing .and "hooting.) They would got tho honest truth from ..him. (Cheors.) Thero' were many squat- ters who made from £2000 to £3000 a year, nnd they 'could afford to pay a tax-say ten por cent, income tax. (Cries of " Oh I oh 1" and interruption.) £100 was nothing to mon like Mr. Donaldson or himself, but to a . poor man MU was a great doa). (Choors and noise.) Thero was no uso in raising tho duties as it would not increase tho revenue. People would not pay' very'high duties and they : would have to fall back upon other means of raising1 a revonuo. (A Voice : " Thero would be less drink.") No doubt of it. He thought that an inoorab tax with lower duties would be much better. (Cheers and interruption.) Ho would not waste : time uselessly, but bo trusted ero to-morrow's sun bad set he would be put in as member for the Hamlots. (Cheoring and groaning.) . . Tho RKTURNINO OFFICER then called for a show of hands for Mr. Donaldson, when about two hundred wero held up. Tile show for Mr. Campbell was then called for, and'about two hundred and-fifty woro bald up. Tho Returning Officer tbon said, he could not count tho hands, but the polling would take ploco Several gentlemen here - suggested that it was the duty of the Returning Officer to doclaro in whoso favour tho show of hands was. The RETURNINO OFFICER said ho could not tell the numbers,'but bo would declaro the show of hands to be in favour of Mr. Donaldson. .(This dooision elioitcd loud disapprobation on tho part of great numbors; who insisted tbat the show was manifestly in favour of Mr. Campboll.) Mr. JOHN CAMPDEI.I. then demanded a poll. Mr. DONALDSON came forward and proposed a vote of thanks to tho Returning OHIcor,- which was seconded by Mr. CAMPBELL, and carried by aoelamation. Tho RETURNING)' OFFIOP.II then announced that the poll would take placo to-morrow (this day), at nina o'clock. . . j \------?--m^-mm. 