COPPIN'S OLYMPIC. JUI.IUS C.IJSAll. ' Ifow manv aces hence Shall this our lofty scene bo noted over, In states unborn, nnd accents yet unknown 1' Casca's words appeared to possess an unusual sig nificance last night, when uttered for tlic first time upon an Australian stage. At tho time tlie prophecy, attributed by tho dramatist to the 'conspirator, was uttered, a horde of naked savages occupied a group of remote islands, lying somewhere the other side of Gaul : tlio eagles of victorious llomo were everywhere predominant, and universal empire appeared to liavo teen dccrccd to tho dwellers in the soven-liilled city. It exists at this moment as a stupendous ruin : Its people have passed away : its national history belongs to a far distant past : its language is dead : its glory n tl adition : and its power crumbled into dust. But from tho remote islands where, in Ciesnr's time, tho rude s ivage offered up his burning sacrifice of human victim - to tho gods he worshipped, have poured forth streams of population, compared with which the old migrations of tho Tyrrhenes, Pclnsgi, Phoenicians and Siouli, dwindle into insignificance. A continent unknown to tho haughty rulers of imperial Rome swarms with millions of the descendants of thes' rugged islanders : and in nil occnn which was never ploughed by tho gallics of tho ujiivcr.sal subjugator, the same adventurous islanders linvo discovered another continent, occupied and made it habitable, and select ing for their recreation tho sa'ue forms of dramatic entertainment which Greece invented and Rome adopted, nsseinble, nineteen centuries nftor the fnll of Cscsnr to witness tho representation of his murder, and to listen to tho popular harangues of Brutus and of Mark Antony, uttered in a language which the author of tho commentaries would have pronounced to be a barbarous jargon, but which, in tho evolution of human events, is becoming tho predominating language 'of tho world. Here is a text for n homily ! But wo will sparo our readers tlio infliction of a sermon and pass on to speak of tho performance, whieli suggested tho foregone remarks. Mr Brooke was received with great enthusiasm when he first appeared upon tho scene, and a cordial greeting was likewise bestowed upon Mrs Brougham, Mr Youngo, and other established favorites, as tliey suc cessively crossed tho stage in Ciesnr's train. Tho accuracy of Mr -Brooke's conception of the char acter was evidenced by tho delivery of tho first few sentences of tho dialogue between himself nnd Cassius. Tho reflective and philosophic habits of tlio great Ro man's mind nppenrod both in tho calmness of his tono and the deliberation of his language. Insensible to tlic impetuous importunities of Cassius, ho replies with steadfast dignity to tho artful counsel of tlic hitter— What you have said, I will consider ; what you have to say I will with patience hear ; and find a time Both meet to hear aud answer such high tilings. In tho second net, the settled purpose of the tyranni cide imparted additional grandeur to his language, nnd greater dignity to his manner. . It was in the spirit of no vulgar conspirator that tho actor uttered the in junction: — ? ' And, gentle friends, Lot's kill him boldly, but not wrathfully j Let's carve him as a dish ilt for the gods, riot new nun us a c.ucusu m iui- . And tho spectator obtained ah insight into tho warmth as well as the nobleness of Brutus's heart iu the burst of affection with which lie addressed Portia: — ' You arc my true and honorable wife ; ? As dear to me as nro the ruddy drops That visit my sad heart.' The splendid harangue to tho people in tho Forum was us fine a picco of elocution as wo over heard on any stage (and let us observe, parenthetically, in passing, that Mr Iluir, in tho arduous character of Mark Antony, delivered tho no less magnificent orations assigned to liim with marked ability), while in Messrs C. Young and Murray tho mutable Roman mob found excellent mouth pieces. In tho hackneyed quarrel scone tho self command and consciousness of superiority evinced by Brutus, was brought out by tho power nud intelligence of the actor, into strong contrast with the impulsiveness nud rash humors of tho choleric Cassius. The sudden transition from the serene and lofty port of dignified nnger maintained throughout this colloquy, to the tenderness with which the widowed Roman speaks of Portia's recent death, thencc passing on to discuss tho plans of the approaching campaign, was finely marked. Nor did tlic actor fail to enter into the spirit of that exquisite 'touch of naturo' with which tho dramatist lias relieved tlio sombreness of the ghost scene, whon he makes Brutus so kindly and com passionate towards the boy upon whom slumber has ' laid its leaden niacc.' In the following act, while taking his farewell of Cassius, the stoicism of Brutus's philosophy was exhib ited in conflict with the strength of his emotions as n man : while these latter again obtained the ascendancy as ho hung over tho dead body of Cassius : to be oneo more subdued by the power of philosophy, as, in tlie hour of his defeat, ho resolves to die by his own sword and perish with tho Republic, whose cause tho Gods appear to have renounced, nnd with which he 'ends his life's history.' At the fall, of tho curtain, Mr Brooke was called before it to rcceivc the plaudits of tho house, and the samo honor was awarded to Mr R Youngo. , The play (which is not a good acting picce) was well cast, and a 'Mr Edwards mnde a favorablo impres sion by his' intelligent rendering of the character of Julius Cicsnr. The house- was full in every- part, and tho pit and stalls appeared to bo crammed. Tho Theatre is now lit with gas, and the effect upon tho sccncry of so bril liant nlightflungupon it from nbovo was such as naturally to enhance its beauty. This was particularly manifest in the view of the Forum, painted expressly for this piece by Mr W. Pitt, and in which (thanks to the im proved method of lighting), there was something, for tho first time, really icriel in tlio perspective. After tlic tragedy came the comedy of Frederick of Prussia, of which it is only necessary to say that it combined in- its representation the humor of Messrs Coppin, Rogers, C. Young, and Murray, amlMesdamcs C. Young and Rogers — with what side-splitting effect our readers may easily imagine. 