fWv op the Petition referred toi i To- Hfs Excellency Sir William Thomas Denison, Knight, Governor General of all her Majesty's Australian Colonies. The humble Petition of the undersigned, who had a right to vote at the late election for members to- represent the city -of Sydney in the Legislative Assembly of the colony !. of New South Wales, Shewetb;:— -That in pursuance of the Act of Parliament, 18th and 19th Victoria, chap. 54, commonly called the : Constitution Act,writ8 'were issued for a General Election, to "return members to serve in the New Parliament, tor the : several Electoral Districts- of the said Colony. That among others, a writ was issued for the election of four members to serve for the City of Sydney, i That accordingly the nomination of candidates to represent the said city took place on the twelfth day of March last past, ' when the candidates nominated were Robert Campbell, Henry ParkeH. James Robert Wilshire, and Charles Cowper, John Hubert Plunkett; and Thomas Russell Duigan. Thata poll was duly demanded; and the polling accordingly took plaee on. : the thirteenth day of the said month of March. That after ; the close of the poll; on the same day, and subsequently on ' the nineteenth day ot the same mouth, the Returning Officer declared the majority of votes to be in favor of the following 1 four candidates, Charles Cowper, Henry Parkes, Robert : Campbell, and James Robert Wilshire. That the majority so declared in favor of each of the said four ; candidates was but I a colorable majority, and was procured by undue, illegal, ' fraudulent, and unconstitutional means. - That: persons voted, jfor one or more of the said four candidates twice; and, in some instances, oftener. That voters who were absent were personated by other persons, who gave in voting papers in' favor of the said four candidates, or one or more of them, and fictitious votes were thus recorded in their favor. That voters who were entitled to have their votesjtakteiidenif. ' votes for John Hubert Plunkett, 'bfitweiirejhoted vbntSj&e; ground of other persons yhiiving pmyibD81y:.:mfiatdi, tj|m,' and who voted for each of the four candidates lak£ mentioned,, or for one or more of them, and thereby jyotes were .iilejjily lost by the said John Hubert Plunkett, and were fillegaily recorded in favor of one or more of " the said fqifr - can didates. That invalid voting papers in favor of one ormore of the said candidates . were . receiyed and recorded. That persons fraudulently voted for the aforesaid four Candi dates, or for one or more of them; in the names of pefsons deceased. That persons fraudulently voted for one or more of the said four Candidates who- had ho qualification toeqtitle them to vote, and who were disqualified by law. That persons fraudulently voted for one or more of the said four Candidates in the name of persons who- ceased to have any right to- vote by 'reason of the loss of qualification between the revisions of the Electoral Lists and the day of election. That persons who- ceased to have any qualification to entitle them- to vote at the said Election, fraudulently and illegally voted for one or more of the said four Candidates. That persons entitled to vote, and who intended to vote for the saM John Hubert Plunkett, were obstructed by the agents of one or more of the four Candi j dates before mentioned from to the Poll to. deliver their voting. : papersv That persons gave their votesfor one ormors of thosaid- four Candidates under the influence of bribery and corruption.- That one of the said Candidates, namely, Robert Campbell, . was guilty of bribery and corruption by supplying electors with a conveyance whilst at such election; and whilst engaged in coming to- the election, and for the purpose of voting for him. That the petitioners will give evidence of, and prove before, the Committee of the Legislative Assembly, the several- allegations and statements herein made. That jour peti- ' tioners insisting upon the particular matters and things" herein stated, your petitioners will further insist upon, and contend for all things as shall- be necessary for shewing that the aforesaid Robert Campbell, Henry Partes, James Robert Wilshire,. and Charles Cowper; or some or one of them ought not to have been returned to represent the said city of Sydney r . and will obiect and contend on all Doints to which they may i be entitled under the clauses- and provisions of a certain act known as the Electoral Act of New South Wales, passed in- ' the fourteenth year of the reign of our present Majesty, numbered forty -eight, and intituled, " An Act to provide for the division of the Colony of Nets South Wales, after the separation of the District of Port Phillip therefrom, into Electoral Districts, and for the Election of Members to serve in the Legislative Council ." Your petitioners, therefore, humbly pray, that the said Charles- Cowper, Henry Parkes, Robert Campbell, and James Robert Wilshire, or one or more of them, may be adjudged and declared not duly elected, and that John Hubert Plunkett may be declared duly eleeted in the place of some one of tho said four candidates. And that the Honorable Committee and Legislative Assembly will grant such further relief to your 1 petitioners as the merit of the case may, according to law and 1 justice require. And your petitioners: as in duty bound, will ; ever pray. (Signed) William Brady, Dwelling House, Pitt — street; Qualification — Macquarie Ward, Sydney. Timothy Maher, Pitt-street ; Qualification — Freeholder, Macquarie Ward. J. Canty, Pitt-street ; Qualification-— Leasehold,. Macquarie Ward, Royal Victoria Theatre.— The reappearance of Mr. and Mrs. Stark at this theatre has given, an extraordinary impetus- to the drama. Thege highly, talented performers- have played ; throughout the week to excellent houses, and nightly received the most enthusiastic marks of approbation. This , fact' testifies most strikingly, that, notwithstanding the '' present tightness" of the money market" (to use a financial expression) the masterpieces of the -wondrous Shakespeare, and best pro ductions of modern dramatists when represented with ability will command success. Throughout the week The Lady op Lyons, Richelieu, Hamlet, TnE Stranger, and Ingomar liave been placed before the public in a pure and finished style.. We have not space enough to enter into a detailed criticism, of ' the long line of excellence, but must confine ourselves to afew words upon Hamlet. The character of the moody, wayward,, and philosophic Prince has, perhaps, caused more discussion amongst critics, and received more different readings amongst actors than any other in the whole range of the drama. The- ; Kembles and Mr; Charles Young, one of that school, read it similarly ; the great Edmund Kean — " Though small in stature, of a giant mind." broke through the classical and stately trammels of the Kemble ; school, and rendered Hamlet in parts so brilliantly as to dazzle the eye- and conceal- many faults. Macready suc ceeded, and formed a school of his own which found an infinity of followers, who readily discovered the beauties of this admirable actor. Amongst these was Phelps, one of the best of English actors, whose genius prevented him from. ' sinking down into- a mere imitator. He honored the master,. profited by his example, and then relied npo-h himself. Amongst these- representatives of Hamlet, we must con scientiously yield the palm to Mac-ready,, whose portrait of the Prince seems- nearly the perfection of light and shade, colour, tone and finish. We- now turn to- Mr; Stark's Hamlet, and can record without flattery that it is most excellent delineation In- the- calmer scenes his- declamation was particularly clear; each word was distinct, yet, without mannerism. Whilst in his- interviews with the Ghost and his mother, he was dignified, grand, and terrible. The whirlwind of horror,, passion and revenge in which he was enveloped, were delineated . most impressively and without exaggeration. Mrs. Stark sustained the character of Gertrude in a right regal manner, whilst the Ophelia of Mrs. Guerin was tender and touching. Mr. Lambert,, whose delineation of old men has gained for him. a world-wide ' reputation, evinced a thorough perception of the cunning, bowing old courtier; It was a finished piece of acting. The Ghost by Mr. Holloway was a solemn and subdued performance, and added another plume to the cap of this talented performer. The other characters were for the most part well cast, and the tragedy was unexceptionably placed upon the stage. A variety of clever farces waS. added to the tragic attractions; in fact, the spirited management by this present engagement and general attention to. all the departments of -the theatre, has- kept up its strong claim to, public ; patronage; - | I Ethiopian Serenaders. — Wc understand that tnis talented' company purpose- performing at Wollongong this evening, and on Monday and Tuesday next. - Madame Anna Bishop.— The Farewell Benefit of this cele- bra,ted cantatrice is' positively fixed for Tuesday evening, the 29th instant, at ,tbb Royal Victoria Theatre. Mr. and Mrs. Stark wit-li delicate kindness relinquished that uight of their engagement for that especial purpose. The opera selected is Bellini's "Norma" which is of itself a most powerful attraction, hut when it is considered that on Tuesday evening, the public are called upon to listen to the Farewell Song of Madame Anna Bishop, can we doubt that hundreds upon hundreds will avail themselves of this last opportunity of paying homage to . 'talent such as hers. | Malcom's Royal Amphitheatre.— The equestrian, miscell- I an eons and nondescript performances at this place of popular amusement are of a first- rate description. The nightly bill of fare may really lie termed an ollapodrida for the quantity -and quality of the articles produced for the palate of the .people. Independently of the excellent equestrian perfor mances, the proprietor has lately secured an extraordinary .novelty,. Signor Bolenio, with the affix of " the nondescript." Never was a name better deserved or more appropriately -given. The Signor goes through so many startling, extraor dinary, difficult, and whirling evolutions and involutions as to complete a whole circle of astonishment and delight. We strongly recommend the "public to pop in at Malcom's and -participate in the pleasure which we enjoy at each visit. Sailing Match. — A sailing match for a sweepstakes of £25 each, came off on Thursday between the Sylph, Peahen, and Midshipman, ketches. The course from Darling Harbour round the Sow and Pigs twice over. On going down the Harbour the first time the Sylph was the last boat, hut soon after rounding the light-ship she passed her opponents in good style, and .preserved her position throughout the remainder of the distance, and came in a " pretty, particular, considerable" winner. The Pcalien was second boat; Midshipman mowhere. Aquatics. — We observe that a " Stranger" has offered to row Richard Green, "the Native Wonder," for from £500 to £1000, the same course as last pulled. We are not in the " Mysterious Stranger's" secret, but can state with a tolerable . degree of certainty, that if he means pulling, he will not find the slightest difficulty in being accommodated by Green. — There is also another announcement that Fred, the Gravesend Pet, is open to pull Charles Reed, the Dorking Slasher, for £50 or £100 a side, in wager boats; a distance not less than five miles. The sports on the waters of Port Jackson appear 1;o lie increasing — and when we add to them the approaching North Shore Regatta, we may describe them as being in a . highly nourishing condition. That this last will he fully -equal to its predecessors there cannot he the slightest doubt. The names of the officials are a sufficient guarantee for that -assertion, and we trust that the public will respond liberally to their call. Cremorne Gardens.— This delightful place of relaxation -and amusement is going on swimmingly, the steamers included. On Monday last, another grand gala took place, which had ihe enlivening effect of producing very crowded gardens. , "There was no lack of satisfaction expressed by the visitors , -during the day, and at six o'clock the votaries of Terpsichore . /commenced the dance and kept it up to the closing of the .gardens with unabated vigour. The musical accompaniments were good, and in addition, Mr. Wheeler played some solos on .the cornopean with great taste, expression and power. The entertainments of the evcuing concluded with a brilliant display of fireworks, which assumed a variety of novel features by the constant changes in the devices which were .. extremely beautiful, and on a gigantic scale. The weather was fine,and the gala went off without a single flaw. The gardens have also been Well attended throughout the week. ; The : Cavalry.— A general meeting of members of the New \- . Soiith , Wales Cavalry Corps was held on Wednesday at the Exchange Hotel for the purpose of receiving the report of the sub-committee appointed to revise the rules and regulations of the body. The commanding officer (Major M'Lerie) was in the chair. The report having been considered, and sundry emendations made in the rules as sent tip from the committee, it was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Ross, seconded by Mr. Newman, "That a representation be made to his Excellency the1 Governor-General, through the inspecting field officer, that a considerable number of men in the county of Cumberland are quite prepared to join the Cavalry Corps of New South Wales, provided that the uniform and the forage were supplied by Government, or they were allowed a fixed sum in lieu of them ." Bakehouse Dinners. — Some good natured correspondent . has sent us a communication, in which he lays down several . heavy charges. against the party in whose Oven our friend has . for many years been in the practice of having his dinners cooked. He states strongly that there is not above two- thirds . of the potatoes sent home, that were placed under the meat ; thatanylittleprojectingcherryb.it is sure to be cutoff; that j -idle pudding dwindles away in the most amazing manner, and . ; ..thiat however fat the joint may be, there comes no fat home, except just as much as to assure you that the gravy is actually and truly only salt and water, with a few slight globules of the , right thing floating on the surface. He asks what remedy he can have recourse to. All we can say is, that the scandal is a i rather general one, or people must he seriously mistaken in . . their; reckoning. We heard the Clown in Malcom's Circus, the .other night, giving his reasons for invariably sending his pig's head to the Baker's with the eyes open, in order that he might r watch how many potatoes were purloined from the dish. 1 That was the Clown's plan. But we would recommend every . fainily to procure a cooking stove of their own, and keep their . meat at home. r . Marriage Regulation Act. — Their Honors have appointed the undermentioned Justices of Peace to give consent to the marriage of minors, under the late Act for regulating mar riages, in the several registry districts comprised within or extending over, the Sessions (or Petty Sessions districts) mentioned opposite to their names respectively : — Central District. — Sydney and Parramatta : Christopher Rolleston, Sydney; Kiama. James Macliey Gray, Omega Retreat; Gos- ford, Boyd Horsburgh, Green Point.; John Moore, Avoca; Campbelltown, William Howe, Gleulce; John Bray, Denfield. Maitland Circuit. — M'Leay River : William Henry Kemp, Christmas Creek ; John Warne, The Wharf, M'Leay River. Bathurst Circuit. — Sofala : Joseph Watford. Sofala ; William Johstone, Sofala. Goulburn Circuit. — Goulburn : William Chattield, Cowper-street, Goulburn ; Edward Maitland, Goul burn ; Yass, Allen Campbell, Yass; Isidore Maurice Blake, Yass ; Queanbeyan, James Fizgerald Murray, Woden ; Henry Hall, C'harhwood. — Tuesdays Government Gazette. The New Ministry. — Many rumours have been afloat during the week as to the gentlemen who are to form the New Ministry, and a variety of names has been mentioned. Up to last evening nothing reliable was known. The last version we heard was as follows: — Premier and Colonial-Secretary, Mr. % Donaldson ; Treasurer, Mr. James Macarthur : Attorney- . General, Mr. Manning; Solicitor-General, Mr. Darvall; Auditor- General, Mr. G. R. Nichols. Of course we give this- only as a- rumour. . - Sydney Vandalism.— We thought when we told our readers that the architects in this hemisphere preferred wooden steeples to stone ones, that there could be no greater retrogade towards antipodean vandalism. We were mistaken,however. To the utter amazement of the inhabitants of the city, and the pass ing stranger, a couple of clever chaps were discovered on the steeple at Christ Church, suspended by ropes from above, ham mering away like good ones — shingling the steeple ! The poor fellows see well from the elevated position they occupy in the world what the world thinks of their job. If roars of laughter from the street, can carry any signification beyond the elevation of the bells, the shinglers must enjoy the fun ! But think of the disgrace this piece of pig-headed judgment brings on the character of the city. A shingled steeple in the year of our Lord, 1856 ! Incomprehensible. An experienced shingler — a shingler from his youth — assures us that the structure could have been covered with substantial copper at one-third the cost of shingling, and in two-thirds less time. Whatever the people, having any say in this matter, may think of their conduct, there is on the part of the jiublic, hut one feeling, and one expression of unmitigated disgust at the shocking taste which could have suggested the erection and design of one of the most barbarous specimens of vulgarity, ru ilen ess, ignorance, and ugliness, that could disgrace a city. Court of Requests. — A spare moment when well applied elicits curious facts. As usual our reporter visited the £30 Court in Bent- street, where the Commissioner had been dragged from a sick bed to spend a whole week in this department of his labours. It must be consolatory to the extra economical to learn that he has only got through one-half of the bundle, the rest having to take its chance on some future occasion, as the Commissioner must take the Quarter Sessions chair on Monday first, at Darlinghurst. — On the; Monday following he has a treat before him. He has to take up, between remands and new cases, no fewer than 600. That is, he has to get through this if he can, between the 5th of May and the 9th, for on the latter day he has to be in Bathurst at the Quarter Sessions. How he is to manage to get there either by steam or by the serial machine, is a mystery hidden to all except himself. The Bunch's Back Door Work. — We have been given to understand that Captain Bendigo Brown has a work in hand wherein he intends to elucidate the mechanism of that most extraordinary confederacy — or Banditti — as one of the dis- comfit-ted derelicts of South Cumberland calls them. The work will appear (after it does appear) upon the plan of Pickwick — giving small doses at a time, but taking large prices for as long as you like. We have , no doubt it will be one of. the brightest gems that we shall enjoy before the Queen's Birthday. The Captain intends, however, to ask why Mr. Ross did not pay £110 to the Plunkett Committee's expenses ? and, why he should demand £10 10s., for horse hire at the election ? Correct Timekeepers. — There are five clocks — it is, all fudge to call them timekeepers — within the city of Sydney. Not two of which were ever yet known to keep tally against the others. For instance, a person walking from the Hay- market will find in getting up Bnckfield-hill and rounding the Police Office clock that it is almost exactly the same time as it was when he started from Campbell-street ! Fact. Every bussman and passengers along the route, will swear to it. It was not always so. These two did' once Ke.ep time. The old Corporation folks took caie of that. They; themselves, used to sacrifice a power of time in the making of speeches ; but they took good care that the clocks should., tell the truth, and have, at least, some pretensions to common sense, by occasionally rattling off the hquvs so as to remind the " Lower House" that— "time was on the wing." However, the time arrived at last; as Mr. Lowe said in the Legislative Council when he saw his Corporation Abolition Bill about to get its quietus — " 'twas, certain ; the time might not then be: yet ; but when the liaivest was ripe the reaper With his sickle would come !" Law ! What a crop we have got — a crop of Com missioners! Fairly knocked out of time ! False Pretences. — Numerous charges against defaulteis for obtaining money under false pretences, are brought under the notice of the Police Courts, and in many instances, the proper punishment is meted out, on proof being adduced to , bring the charges home to the accused. It strikes us, however, that few cases of that nature are brought forward, that might he brought forward. If any poor ignorant creature, commits such an offence, the harpies of the law clutch him at once, and forthwith lock him up. Do we ever hear of the Attorneys or Barristers being brought before the Bench for obtaining money under " false pretences ?" And is there any class of people in the colony, as guilty of the crime, . as these gentlemen undoubtedly and notoriously are? We hold that it is the duty of the first sufferer, who is choused out of his money, paid beforehand to an Attorney or Barrister, who neglects to attend his client's case— to bring such men up, and have them signally punished, in order to suppress what is admitted by all men, to he nothing short of an organized system of 1 swindling. Robbery and Hocussing. — George Froctor. publican of Chippendale, Ann Hammond and Stephen Thomas who were ! discharged from custody on Wednesday last, were again appro bended on the same charge of being accessories to the robbery of James Hunt of 192 sovereigns, the full particulars of which will be found in our columns of this day. -Elizabeth, the wife of the prisoner Proctor was likewise placed in the dock with them on suspicion of being one of the parties concerned. The evidence taken on Thursday occupied the whole of the day when it was adjourned till yesterday. A Youthful Offender. — On Tuesday, Julia Murphy, aged 14 years, was brought before the Central Police Court. " charged with stealing money. Emily Cook, wife of Edward Cook, a baker on the South Head Road, deposed, that the prisoner had been in her employ as nursemaid : she had been- in the habit of putting money in a box, weekly, which was called, " the baby's bank." ijn Monday week last, there were seven sovereigns in it. On Imday, she saw that the lid of the box had been removed, and upon examination. discovered that six of the seven sovereigns had been stolen ; as no one hut herself, her husband, and the prisoner, had access to the room in which the box was kept, she suspected her ; without saying anything to the prisoner about the missing money, she marked the remaining sovereign and some silver, and shortly afterwards shefound the sovereign gone, as also 4s. of the Silver, and she gave her into custody. Sergeant . Rush deposed : that he searched the water- closet and found the portcuionnaie produced ; and he also produced a quantity of dresses, gloves, bonnets perfume?, &c; r winch she had pur- chased at various shops in the neighbourhood. The Bench fonnd the prisoner guilty, and. ordered her to find sureties to he of good behaviour, or to be imprisoned for 14 days. Obtaining Money and Goods under False Pretences— George Knowles was brought up on Tuesday, upon the above charge. Charles May of Hunter-Street, Outfitter, deposed: that about the middle of last month, the prisoner came to his shop, and purchased a few trifling. articles, for which he paid-; he came again, and selected goods amounting to between £7 and £8. which he said he would pay for in a day or two, as soon as he procured cash for some hills, which he had received from Melbourne ; a few articles of- the value of £1 19s. 10d., he took with him, leaving the others to .have some alterations made; lie called several times and promised to pay hut never did so. Henry Nixon, a tailor, deposed : that about the middle of March, the prisoner called and ordered a suit of clothes, stating that he had £8,000 in the Union Bank, and that he would call next day and pay for them, hut that he wanted the trousers at once, which were supplied to him upon the faith of his statement. George Cranny of Parramatta, pnhlican, deposed : that in March last he knew the prisoner as a resident in Fulton's Hotel, Parramatta; on the Thursday before Goo-'l Friday, prisoner come to him and said that he had money in the Bank, and teams on the road, hut was short of money, and asked the loan of £5 until next day, saying that although he was a relative of Fulton's, he preferred asking a favour of a stranger, to a relative ; he lent him the money ; the next day he said, that he had been to Sydney, hut it being a holiday, the banks were closed, and he wanted £3 more : ho declined to lend him the £3, hut lent him 5s. to pay his fare to Sydney; he had since ascertained that the prisoner was not related to Fulton. The prisoner, who pleaded total ignorance of the charge, saying that he must have been drunk, was fully committed for trial at the Central Criminal Court. Forgery By an Attorney's Clerk. — Henry Martin Larkins, clerk to an attorney, was charged at the Police Office on Thursday, with having uttered a forged cheque for £67 9s. upon the Commercial Bank, purporting to he the sig nature of Mr. John O'Heliir a publican living in Bourke-street. The prisoner was apprehended by Inspector Singleton, who upon searching him found £11, 7s." 6d. Peter Cook a waterman at Pyrmont deposed that he hod known prisoner from eighteen months to two years ; he was a clerk in the office of Charles Lowe, lately the Marshal of the "Vice- Admiralty Court in this city ; yesterday forenoon prisoner met him in Market- street, and asked him to go to the Commercial Bank with a couple of cheques, and to bring him the nionejr ; in reply to witness's question why he could not go himself to the Bank, he said that he had an appointment to meet a gentleman, and should be too late if he delayed any longer ; as he said the cheques were good and it would not take a long time, he consented, and went ; prisoner gave him two cheques— one he said for sixty (odd) pounds, and the other for about ten pounds ; npt being able to read writing, lie could not tell the exact amount of either, nor could - he. identify the cheque produced by Mr. Singleton asone of the two; handed iii the.larger cheque first hut did not get cash for it— it was doubted by the Bank clerk ; ho showed the smaller one which- proved to be Correct,, but did not present it for payment ; the clerk detained the larger cheque, and desired witness to point out the party of whom he received the cheque; took him to the Albion Inn, Market- street, where they found prisoner ; witness gave him (prisoner) the other, cheque, and told h'im%;id¥. Henry Abbott; ledger keeper in. the Commercial Bank; deposed that the last witness presented to him for aymentva cheque purporting to be drawn for £67 9S. by John O'Hehir, who keeps money in the bank ; the handwriting very much resembles O'Hehir's but the signature is not after O'Hehir's manner of signing his name to cheques ; he saw at onee it was a forged document ; Cook said that a man he did not know, but was a lawyer's clerk, asked him to get the money" for the cheque ; witness thought it a suspicious affair and directed Mr. Richardson, a clerk in the Bank, to go with Cook and make enquiry into the matter. Tottenham L. Richardson, clerk in - the Commercial Bank, deposed that he proceeded with Cook to make inquiry in reference to the cheque produced ; Cook took him to a public-house, and pointed out prisoner as the person of whom he had received the cheque, and which he admitted was the case ; prisoner said he' received the cheque from its drawer as a loan ; told him that he must accompany witness to O'Hehir's on the subject ; the three went in a cab to O'Hehir's, where, it appeared, prisoner was lodging ; Cook remained outside, while he (witness) . accompanied prisoner into the house ; O'Hehir was not at home,' (ind prisoner asked witness to go with him upstairs ; they went into a parlour ; prisoner went into the next room, liis bedroom, and presently witness heard a report of fire-arms, and went into the bed room ; prisoner had a pistol in his hand, and a scar or, graze upon his forehead ; he dropped the pistol, which witness took up, and put into his pocket; the pistol produced is the same ; one barrel is still loaded with hall ; prisoner had a scar or graze on. his forehead, which he had not when he went into the bedroom; witness spoke to him of the folly of sUch conduct, and asked him what he could be thinking about to act in such a manner ; to which he replied that he had been going a-head, and had a lot of money to meet that day,- and that had made him do itr; whether he referred to the forgery or the shooting, witness could not say, hut he understood it as referring to the forgery ; O'Hehir not being at home, they then got into the cab, and returned to the stand at Market- street, where he left Cook and the prisoner to go their way, and he proceeded to the Bank ; he reported to the Manager, who sent him to the Superintendent of Police; John O'Hehir of Surry Hills, publican, deposed that prisoner had been for some weeks lodging at his house ; yesterday morning he said he was going to Dapto to be married and reside, and asked for his bill ; witness made it out, and prisoner drew out and gave him a cheque upon the Union Bank for the amount; that cheque he had presented, hut it was not- honoured ; he (witness) bad an account at the Commercial Bank ; he never gave prisoner a cheque on that bank ; the cheque produced was not written by witness, nor by any other person with his authority ; the writing is veiy much like witness's. The prisoner was committed for trial "at the Criminal Court. The prisoner was brought up again yesterday, charged with forging the signatures of Messis. Holroyd and Chalders, Road Trustees, of which tlie prisoner was secretary. Tho cheque which had been duly paid, wfs produced in court, when upon the examination of the signatures, they were declared by the parties, scarcely to he distinguished from their own writing. The prisoner, who made no defence, was committed for trial. Ho was then charged with obtaining the gum of £100, under false pretences, which , case was, however, remanded to this day. 