HALF-HOURS WITH BRITISH STATESMEN. Mr FRANK E. FOWLER delivered the first of a series of orations entitled Half- hours with European States- men, on Tuesday evening last, in the Lecture Hall of the Mechanics' School of Arts. About 300 ladies and gentlemen attended, including many influential citizens, among whom we noticed seven or eight "honourable members" The immediate subject was Benjamin Disraeli. The lecture was well delivered and well received. It was not, however, confined to a delineation of the character and antecedents of Mr. Disraeli alone; other statesmen were passed in review before the audience, and their peculiarities pointed out in a racey style. Mr. Fowler possesses considerable mimetic power, and his illustrations were loudly applauded. The lecture occupied an hour and a half in delivery; it is, therefore, too long to print in extenso. The following is an abstract of that portion which relates more particularly to Disraeli himself:-- "Why perpetually among the tombs? Why with the bones of the past to the neglect of the blood of the present? Why with ancient obelisks? Why with dry seeds from the Pyramids, which may prove de- void of the germ of life, rather than florists with living blossoms? Why down in the Tiber bed, dig- girg for Roman swords? why, in short, in dead and fossil cities, when living London, Paris, Constanti- nople, Petersburgh, and Sydney claim us? The question had often suggested itself to him, but the answer was very simple: We can dissect the dead better than we can operate upon the living, and feel far more at ease in the catacombs than in the laza- retto. Even the philosophic Hamlet talked more epi- gram with the skull of Yorick in his palm than at any other time. Small men in the grave, like flies in amber, are precious. In the graveyard we may ex- aggerate to any extent; next to Baron Munchausen in point of vertacity was a collection of epitaphs. He thought it time to refrain from building the temples of our sons from the tombs of our grand- mothers; it was time to look at the great living men around us who are, as it were, the pulses of the nations, and who must indeed be looked to if we would know the state of the nation's health. Benjamin Disraeli is the son of Isaac Disraeli--a tender, gentle, whitehaired old man, who has left a monument or two destined to outlive our time. Ben- jamin is such a son as a great man should possess, but the Iast we could imagine a great man of Isaac's pe- culiar order would produce. True genius, like Joseph's golden cup, lies at the bottom of Benjamin's sack; the searchers, however, have not yet come to the bottom, being blinded by the stubble which overlies the treasure. A feverish, fitful, showy arabesque kind of individual, a man of the "Owen Jones" school of colouring--of red, blue, and green--nervous, restless, spasmodic, energetic, untiring.--walking through lobbies with fists clenched, always well screwed up to the point--the sublimest "fagger" in history--such is Benjamin Disraeli as he at present exhibits himself to the world. To the mind of the lecturer he was both great and little as a man, a statesman, a speaker, and an author. To-day he seems fit to rule in Brobdignag, and to-morrow the veriest Lil- liputian would disdain to do him homage. In speaking he is sometimes stately and sometimes clumsy; now be uses a Damascus blade poisoned at the point, and now an old Scandinavian stone hatchet. There is the same peculiarity even in his dress, the lassitude of his gait on entering the House would be worthy of Sarda- napalus, but before he leaves it he will speak with a vigour and bitterness thoroughly Ciceronian. As he "ventures to crave the indulgence of the House" pull- ing down his elaborate wristbands and striking his palm vigorously against the little steel-bound box before him, his intonation is remarkable. He is of middle stature, but, owing to the looseness of his dress and his peculiar manner, looks tall and attenuated. He is generally dressed in a dark blue frock coat, the cuffs of his shirt reaching to his finger-ends, a double- breasted waistcoat and wide trousers well drawn over the shoe, and his hat balanced on the back of his head. Disraeli, although generally pale, on great nights is somewhat sallow-- he (Mr. Fowler) used to say it was the rising bile, and they might look out for a storm; but Farquhar Tupper, alluding to this pecu- liarity, said it was the glory gilding his features. His face is as smooth as a girl's, long glossy ringlets bear- ing out the comparison, except that they cluster like ivy about the sublime head of Bacchus, The pallor of the forehead is brought out in striking contrast--like Parian and ebon;--his mouth, like Coleridge's, is rich, large, and voluptuous; the eye of the largest and brightest description. The head is very fine; the features expressive and versatile. Sometimes the House is not stately in its bearing, On such occasions, however, Disraeli is quiet. When the Opposition benches, however, have been loudest in their clamour the honourable gentleman might be seen to turn impatiently round and call out "order" with the authority of a master. With the exception of taking occasional notes, he exhibits no interest in the discussion going on. He generally sits with his arms folded, still, sullen, and stolid, with his chin almost resting on his breast. "There's a pelican feeding on his own breast," says Sherley Brooke, of the Chronicle, to Reach, of the Daily News; who, not being, however, an admirer of Disraeli, says "Bah! he has too much respect for his waistcoat." With the exception of taking occasional notes, few and far between, it is never known when Disraeli is about to speak. Not so with other great orators. Glad- stone, before addressing the House, may be seen sitting on the edge of his seat, looking solemn, and smooth as silk; Macauley bites his nails; Palmerston buttons up his coat, beginning at the waist, and continuing up to the throat; Russell grows restless, as if conning for an apothegm from the great Lord Somers. Disraeli uses parliamentary satire brilliant as it is deadly; sentences follow each other like showers of ærial lights; classical allusions follow each other as thickly as Greek fire. Some men might make as good speeches, but few with the same effect. Two men may pile altars stick for stick, but upon one of them only will inspiration descend, and, like fire, kindle it into a blaze; give one man in the streets a piece of quartz, he may look at and examine it curiously, but he leaves it as he found it, a stone; present it to ano- ther, he shatters it and shows you the sparks of gold within; give a thought to one man and he returns it as he received it; give it to another, and he emblazons it in a prism of rich words. Every single thought sug- gested to Disraeli he will presently return with nine or ten others clinging to it, adorning it and conserving it for ever. A hand- ful of stray leaves cast about in debate he will weave into chaplets for his friends, a few thorns from the ministerial benches into thorns for his enemies. The last time he (the lecturer) saw Disraeli, it was in the Lords, lolling on the steps of the throne, and he could not help thinking how much more like a lord he looked than any of the real live lords around. One great merit of Disraeli as on orator is in his style, which is always adapted to the minds and capacities of his audience; he never says a good thing in a bad place, as less artistic orators do; he understands locality and audiences. He is a rollicking farmer at an agricultural dinner; he is a stately D.C.L. at a university banquet; he regulates his speeches to the understanding of his hearers to a nicety, and is always listened to in conse- quence with pleasure. He was brought up in a good school, and through the influence of his father's name and associations he mixed with nearly all the great men, certainly with all the great poets of that literary epoch which has just closed with the death of Samuel Rogers. Disraeli knew Byron well. One might put it that as Tancred commenced his first, crusade Childe Harold had completed his last pilgrimage. A. strange assembly of great men (said the lecturer) rises before me: Isaac Disraeli and young Benjamin, both pale and ambitious, appear as centre figures; there stands Scott, curiously examin- ing a helmet and cuirass; there Wordsworth smelling some violets; there Byron, reclining on a bed of poppies, like the Pontic monarch feeding on poisons; there, too, Coleridge, gazing dreamily into the clouds, and pouring out laudanum as a libation to the gods; there Moore, with a shamrock in his button-hole, dallying with fair women; there Shelly, building paper boats with children, and fancy- ing that he looks profoundly wicked; there Crabbe, standing with paupers and felons, looking like Wordsworth in a town dress; there Camp- bell, leaning on a golden anchor, like En- dymion; there Keats, with his pale face pressed against a Grecian column--with a shattered urn at his feet; there Rogers, writing with a golden pen and perfumed ink, on his own bank cheques; and there, closing the picture, Hood, with smiles on his lips, while his eyes are bedewed with tears, and yet the man who mixed with geniuses like these is in his manhood a plagiarist, as Blackett, of the Globe asserts, and proves it most conclusively. But all are plagiarists, with this distinction, that one plagiarizes fine thoughts from fine authors, and another plagiarizes mere words from twopenny spelling books; the moon plagarizes her light from the sun, and so on through the whole of creation. Butler was right when he said that some literary thieves were like Italian robbers; they never committed a theft without follow- ing it up wiih a murder to prevent detection. It has been the custom to attack Disraeli in another way; he is accused of inconsistency, shifting and changing his principles for mere party purposes and political ob- jects; but the question still remains, has he been guilty of very great amount of inconsistency? A one- sided and single-idea'd individual should not be ele- vated above the many and protean-minded statesman. Those heroes who have been most praised in the world of politics, were generally the most censured for so- called tergiversation, while other men are simply con- sistent in their inconsistency. The never-changing obstinate kind of men are as the American thinker described them, like men trying to keep up with their own shadows on the wall, and who would place to-morrow'a light under yesterday's bushel. There is a wide and healthy difference between political consistency and party obsti- nacy. The man who thinks and cares most about the people is the very man who cares the least what people may think of him, and he laughs to scorn every cry of inconsistency raised in opposition, knowing well that those who are loudest in their shouts against him to-day will follow him the most submissively to-morrow, just as the noisy ripples of the ocean follow the light of the moon \--which they cannot extinguish. A great man makes the world wear his livery,--the mighty moment is born of the mighty mind,--where Cæsar sits there is the head of the table. It his been said that Disraeli has no conscience,--perhaps not; and, judging by the theory laid down, there is no fine specimen of sainthood about him. What a pity it is that statesmen will not admit, like all other men, the geometrical problem to be correct that the nearest way from point to point is by a straight line. Disraeli is the best abused man that has ever appeared in the political world. O'Connell said that he was a de- scendant from the impenitent thief. There was some- thing to be admired in abuse of that sort. The Queen abused him--called him impolite. There was a fine joke with reference to the occasion: Disraeli had ben summoned to kiss the fingers of his Sovereign on taking the keys of office, but because he was unused to that sort of thing, and perhaps forgetting all eti- quette in the hurry of the moment, and pre- senting himself in his blue coat, of course he was voted impolite, and has been since out of favour with royally. That was the reason, when the Aberdeens, the Derbys, and the Russells were invited to meet the King of Sardinia, Benjamin Disraeli was not included. However, they could not all be antique cupids like Palmerston. Though dress was necessary at times to distinguish the man in office, for Ludobicus Rex was no better than John Smith or John Brown without his robes, and crown, and sceptre. What would the sign of King Charles hiding from his foes be if his crown did not appear at the top, and his sceptre be seen well thrust out through the leaves? And what was Disraeli, though Chancellor of the Exchequer, in a blue coat and brass buttons? Men like Disraeli are voted impolite even by their wives. Mrs Disraeli says her husband is impolite because he shuts himself up in his room reading Bolingbroke. Lady Byron voted her lord mad because he used to get out of his bed at night to scribble rhimes. It is charged against Disraeli that he is un- social, that he very rarely visits his friends; it is true he is seldom seen at the opera, nor does his name figure on a list of fashionable arrivals. A great man would exhaust the whole soul of fashionable life in a few months, and if Disraeli did not visit his friends, it was not to be expected that he would visit his enemies. A man could not well cut up a minister's venison on Monday and his speech on Friday. He has no wish to be the fool of the drawing room--a writer in albums--a figurer in sketchbooks, or a mere shred of newspaper. For all this he (Mr. F) admired the man. Having carved his way hitherto, it was not likely he would now follow in the rut of others. Storms which would have overwhelmed other men had been as refreshing showers to him. He had cast off misfortunes as the lion dewdrops from his mane. He elevated himself step by step until in four years he or- ganised a more powerful Opposition than Sir Robert Peel did in ten. He took the exchequership of the richest and most monetary-entangled nation in the world. Tnere was a thoroughness, a manliness, and a heartiness about this which, in these pulseless days, made us lift the hat and bend the knee. But did not Disraeli, say some, protect Protection until it was be- yond even his protection, and then turn round? He did; but did not Sir Robert Peel do precisely the same thing? Did not the Duke of Wellington fight against the Catholic Emancipation Bill as though it had been drawn up by Napoleon, and afterwards support it? Disraeli's ultimate suc- cess followed original failure--the crescendo came after the diminuendo. Had his first speech been listened to it is probable he would never have sat on the right hand bench. After his defeat by O'Connell they met again at Phillippi--(that is, the Great Hall of St. Stephens, where the ghost of ambition is often stopped)--where he was nearly defeated again. He admired Disraeli for his faith in himself. This faith had been evinced on too many occasions for chrono- logical arrangement. He said, "I will write a novel that shall make me famous." He produced the Sybil, and awoke and found himself famous. He said, "I will marry and become a member of Parliament." He did so; he said, "I will sit on the Treasury Bench," and he became Chancellor of the Exchequer. He said to the House when it was crying him down, "the time will come when you shall be forced to hear me." The house has been listening to his explanations in reference to his budget at five o'clock in the morning. Disraeli's speeches are generally cold with satire--glit- tering like hoar- frost with classical allusions; at other times they are enthusiastic, impulsive, and blood warm. He is best in reply; the colours of the dol- phin do not come out until it is struck. It was true Disraeli had been guilty of a great many party dodges and political tricks and shufflings, but who in the world of politics has not? He believed the time was not far distant when he would forsake the worn-out party now clogging his efforts, when he will no longer be like a rusting blade, but will place himself in the front rank of the progressive school. Although he would not become the man of the time he would at least be one of those who could breathe a fresher life and vigour into the history of the mother country. He sleeps, Ulysses-like, to-day on the deck of a sailless vessel, to-morrow he may place his hand to the helm, and guide the ship to the fabled coral realms. At the close of the lecture Mr. Fowler expressed his intention of delivering his second series of orations as soon as practicable. 