LOCAL LYTELLIGEjYCE. . I ? ? «5 ? Contracts Accepted. — The following contracts are notified as ncccptcd: — 1. (New series.) Colonial Storekeeper.— For the supply of forage during tlie year 1S3G, at Woodford,— Uny, 0,-f. per ton, straw, 5s. ditto,- oats. Si. por bushel, bran, 3s. ditto, W. llutlcdgc and Co. ; 2. Mail service, 185G.— Convey- ance of mails between Melbourne and Geelong, daily, £1(100, 12. Armstrong; 3. Ditto. — Between Ilillavat and l'itllcld, weekly. £600, M. II. llaird ; 1. Ditto. — Between Geelong and Colac, bi-weekly, £700, Thos. Gib ion. . Titu Gakiuck Ci.vn. — This literary and dramatic association, which now numbers about one hundred and twenty members, held its half-yearly meeting at Hockin's Hotel on Thursday evening, when the following officers were elected for the cur rent year: — President, Mr 11. II. Home; Yiee-t'i-csident, Mr James Smith ; Ilcn. Secretary, Mr J. E. Nicld ; Treasurer, Mr James Coates ; Members of the Committee— Messrs Cartrcv.n, Sinnctt, Gilbee, l'avey, Fox, Thomson, Bag.ster, and Edwards. Steps are being taken, we understand, for the immediate or ganization of a Debating Section in connexion with the Club. We learn from the half-yearly report that the sum of .C101 10s. 0d., the proceeds of tlie' am item- performance at the Theatre lloyal, has been handed over to the Treasurer of the Melbourne An Owsr.it Wantkd ron Lands in Avstualia. — At the Exeter Police Court, in September last, tlie Mayor said that he had received a communication from New South Wales, that tho heir-at-law or Johanna Lot Wliitllcld, who left Exeter in 171)0, and went to Australia, was entitled to 1,200 acres or laud ir lie would claim it. Tim Gahdkneus' Maoakini:. — The January number of this periodical is of more than usual intei-e.it anil value from the fact of its containing ample and practical directions for the cultivation of the vine. The rich volcanic soil nnd fine climate of A'ictoria peculiarly qualify it for becoming a wine-producing country ; and apart from the value of tho grape as an article of commerce, wo are anxious to witness the general cultivation of this fruit, ns a picturesque addition to our dwelling-houses. Much of the charm which attaches to tho scenery of tho South of Europe is attributable to the universal prevalence of tho vine spreading its green foliage and purple clusters over the cottage walls and cottago roofs, and weaving a fantastic web of leaf, and stem and fruit, above tho trellises erected in front of the habitations of the peasantry. , Tiik Fi'tuju: of Guklono. — 'The Geelong Adrertisrr, ill urg ing the formation of a Hurbor Trust, writes : — ' When a King or England threatened tlie merchants or London that lie would remove the Court farther inland, if tlioy did not supply him with more money, the spokesman replied, ' Your Majesty may hold your Court 'where volt please, but you cannot take away the Thames from your laithful citizens.' So long as the ships or the world come and go upon the Thames, laden with rich and paying cargoes, the London merchants can do without the Court, better than the Court can do without them. But there is a danger that the shipping trade or a port may fall off, more imminent than the loss of a kingly favor or the absence of a Court. Those amongst our mercantile readers wlio can recol lect the changes which have occurred within their own time between the maritime standing, of Bristol and Liverpool, are well aware of the Tact. Bristol was, within the period men tioned, the mart for the West Indian, American, and Irish trade. Tho trade lias since passed to Liverpool, making her the largest commercial port in the Old World or tlio Now, whilst tlie City of Bristol lias sunk to a sccond-rntc port. For this tlie Bristolians are themselves to blame. The obstructions of their channel were suffered to remain, accumulate, and intensify till, what with tho dangers of tlie neglected channel, excessive harbor dues, and want of general accommodation to tho shipping, tlie trade of Bristol roll away to Liverpool, the inhabitants of which town, wisely putting the natural advan tages of the port to account, and making use of artificial means, as the formation of ample docks Tor craft of all sorts, sliipbuild ing, slips, wharves, quays, or warehouses, large enough to store the treasures of the East. Such a trade is a fruitful and never-failing source of prosperity, and if it cannot be said that the streets of Liverpool are paved with gold, it can be truly averred that the tide in her water-way is afloat with golden merchandise. Geelong may become to Australia what Liver pool is to England, or sink 'into a worse than second Bristol, as the Gcclongites shall determine their own late, and that speedily, for time, tide, nnd opportunity wait.for no one.' Salt- of Books. — We are requested to call attention to a sale of an interesting collection of books, to be held this morning nt Mr. W. J. Heniiingliam's Australian Auction Mart, Collins street west. Tiikatui: Royai,. — Mrs. Chester takes her benefit this even ing, and puts forth a bill or rare so varied in its character, as to contain the promise of gratification to all tastes. The enter tainments will include operatic selections, dancing, tho spright ly farce or the Lilyichites, and tho lively little comedietta of the Married Hake,' in which Mrs. Dcaclc and Sir. llenson, — an actress and actor of considerable repute in the Indian Presiden cies — will make their first appearance before the colonial public. With so much to attract and please, Mrs. Chester may fiiirly anticipate a full house. Vaccinatoii. — Ilis Excellency the Senior Military Officer in Victoria has been pleased to appoint Cnv-ar Kiesar, M.D., to be a public vaccinator for the District of Mount Blackwood, rice Mr. 11. Bunco, resigned. — Gor. Gaz. IIousi: Ri:.vr. — The following remarks on this subject, which occur in an article published in the New York Times, apropos to the high rents in that city, may bo perused with advantage by those who are interested in house property in Melbourne : — ' We wouldn't ho vulgar for the world, but vulgar or not, we mnst say that our friends, the landlords, have bitten tho:r noses off nnd no mistake. They stick high prices on their houses to let, nnd let them go 'vacant. They ask enormous rents, nnd get them for about three iquarters of their property, while the remaining fourth goes unoccupied, save by rats, roaches, ghosts and so forth. The Ileal JCstatc Journal says that there is more vacant property to let now than there has been since the great panic in 1837. In Brooklj-n it is about the same ; property fetches about half its value when forced to a sale, and yet, unwillingly holders cannot rent at the rates that were current two years ago. Sir Isaac, when liis boots were burning, rang tlie bell for a servant to remove tho grate — never dreaming it was cheaper to haul up his foot. Our landlords arc or tho same philosophic family. That a reduction of rents to suit the. times would take their vacant houses off their hands, has not occurred to them, nor that half a loaf is better than no bread.' Aid to tiik Mohavian Mission to tiik AiionmiNi'.s £500. — In page 75 of the Estimates of Expenditure for 1350 appears tho item or £538 to tho ', Moravian Mission to the Aborigines.' Who are they ? Where did they come from ; » Here is the scene or their labors ! AVho authorised them to dip tlicir hands into tho public purse 1 Until we saw the sum of £500 set down in the Estimates for the Moravian Mission, wo plead guilty to being ignorant or its existence, ir there be a mission fVom the Moravians, having for its design the conversion of Australian Aborigines, let it stand on its own bottom ; but we do protest against State-paid Missionarvisin, or sly dips into the revenue, as though it were a lucky bag at a country fair. Is there a Moravian Mission at all ! If there be, and we re quire a demonstration of its existence to believe tho tact, a Moravian Mission to tho Aborigines, to what portion of them is it confincd 1 Is the Mission «t the Ovens, or nt tlie Hopkins, nt the Murray, or on tho Barwon ? If.therc bo a mission, who started it, who compose it? IT it bo undertaken to convert to Christianity the Heathen, by Moravianism, why make Mo ravian Missionaryism chargeable on the Victorian Revenue J What has the Stato or Victoria to do with tlie propa gandism or a German scctl We are ignorant or what they arc doing, or have done, whence tlicy li^ve sprung, where they aro operating, and their authority to put in n claim on tho public purso for Missionaryism. Under the head of ' Aborigines' there is a guardian £000 and contingencies £G50, or in all £1250 for the poor blacks for pro visions, stores, and incidental expenses. Then comes the Moravian mission all tlie way from Germany, £500, not paid by the mission, not pnid by the German?, but made chargeable on the Victoria revenue. Moravianism is nearly equal to tlio Stato charge for sustentation of the aborigines. It is not tlie amount we look at, so much as tho fact of such an item appear ing at nil on tho Government Estimates. We do not under stand its justice, aim, or object , nor aro we acquainted with the existence of a Moravian mission in this colony for the pur poses set forth, beyond its monetary character ; and it seems to us, 11 passing strango' that nil espress sum should be appro priated to Moravians, in excess of the £50,000 set down in i'ai t. 8, or Schedule D for Public Worship. We shall bo glad of any enlightenment upon this subject, for confessedly we arc in the dark, totally benighted. — Geclony Advertiser. [The above very pertinent questions occurred to ourselves when the item in the Estimate struck our eye ; for we also are in blank ignor ance about this so-called Moravian mission. We doubt some sensible member ot Council will ask the above questions when the item is proposed in committee or the whole House. — Eli. A'/e.] Tiik Eaiu.y Closing Movkmknt.— In reference to this move ment, wo extract the following observations from n London contemporary, as they apply with equal force to the movement in Melbourne : — ' The object which the public arc called upon to aid is one or too great magnitude to be treated with indiffe rence, while it is worthy of tlio most active and zealous support which can be given to it by all who are disposed to lend a help ing hand to a good and humane undertaking. If it should be said, in reply to appeals of this kind, that people cannot afford to shut up their shops much earlier tliaa at present, and to lose their necessary profits, for the sake of yielding to the outcry of sickly sentimentalists, the answer is easily furnished. Wo refer to men at the head of very large, as well as smaller estab lishments, in all parts of London, and we learn from them that tlie profits or late hours will scarcely pay for tlie gas consumed ; while, on the other hand, they have the advantage of rest for themselves or those who superintend their business, and the verv important benefit or hearty and diligent service rendered to them by those who nre in tho enjoyment or their health and energies, and are anxious to serve their employers under the influence of grateful feelings.' Confession of Muiiiikii.— James Monaghan, a seafaring man, native of the city of Cork, was brought heroic the Bench charged bv one of the mounted poliec with having made a con fession, whilst in a stato of inebriety, of murdering a man in Liverpool, England, some years ago. The man underwent a vnrv lnnn-thenod nxinnination at tlie hands of the l'olicc Magis trate, by which it appeared that he arrived in Australia ns far back as the vear 1823, and came over to Victoria at tho com mencement of the Gold Diggings, since which time he had been precariouslv employed in driving sheep up nnd down tho country for the settlers ; lie denied being conscious of baring uttered the expressions attributed to him, and which he^ said if ho did utter were totally unfounded, as he had not been in England thoso 30 years. The Police Magistrate ordered liinl to be dis charged, after cautioning him to keep sober, and thereby avoid making use of such dangerous expressions as thoso now attrib uted to him, which .might cost him his liberty for six or nine months. — Geclnng Advertiser of yesterday. Bam.aiiat Escokt. — Gold received at Sub-Treasury, Gee long, 3rd January, per escort tram Ballarat: — Gold. Cash. 07.. dwts. £. s. 1 'or Melbourne, from Ballarat ... 12,030 0 S,152 0 For Melbourne, from Crcswick... 2,010 0 — For Geelong, from Ballarat ... 157 10 770 0 For Geelong, from Crcswick ... 22 15 — Total' ? ? 1-1,829 5 5,031 0 — Geelong Advertiser. 