POLITICAL GHOST-WALKING. Macbeth, when alaniicd by Bttnquo's ghost, very properly deprecates tlie habit of. dead people "revisiting the glimpses of the moon" to " push us from our stools," and says that the time was when the breath was out the man would die, and there was an end of it. Now, we are in somewhat of a similar position with respect to Mr. Sullivan, who has been called back into political life as the late candidate for the boroughs, and who has been going through some evolutions, the result of a galvanic vitality. The time was that when an election was over, the content was done with, and that the defeated candidate—especially when de feated by so large a majority as in the present instance—would quietly consent to extinction so far as that struggle was concerned. But here for the last two or three days, we have had the ghost of the late election stalking abroad through the township, and disturbing quiet- disposed peppfe very much by the unearthly yells and cheering which characterised the election, but which we were in hopes were all over and done with. Is there no one who can lay this ghost in the Red Sea for five years ? Now we wish to refrain from saying anything offensive about the absurdity of perpetuating the political divisions of the township by any such meaningless shows as that of yesterday. We simply put it to the common sense of all concerned if it is not high time that all electioneering de- monstrations should be done with. Mr. Sullivan is a very respectable man, and although a defeated candidate he carried with him the esteem of a large number of his opponents. Now we tell him that he has done more to weaken that esteem by lending himself to these useless exhibitions, than he would like to believe. It should be his part to conciliate opposition by a becoming modesty, and to acquiesce in- a defeat signal and .decided.. "What does he..gajn by traversing tho. township with a body guard of personal friends annoying the quiet portion of the community by the'ir noisy cheers. It can mean nothing now. It is only crowing after the fight and after the rival has retired. It is only rekindling the fires of opposition and reviving antagonism. The public are not fools, and they will make their own estimate of the man who consents to such umylsq proceedings. The contrast which the forbearance of the majority presents is striking, but if the partisans of one candidate persist in such demon- strations, they must not be astonished to find that they have provoked counter demonstrations, and the community to witness a second edition of the excitement of the election. 