legislative assembly. Thursday. 11 th December, 1856. The SPEAKER took the Chair at live minutes past j four o'clock, when there few members in attendance, j but the numbers gradually increased to about forty. the iiai/laahat riots. j n_ p:\lULlNG presented a petition from Mr Morgan 1 ,.t- the destruction of certain property SSn' o him, by tie burning of the Eureka Hotel, at Ba?laa°rat, and praying the House to take st, sps to in mlmkted that the piayer of the petition was in fact a money prayer, and the speaker intimating that under aueh circumstances it could not be received, tho hon. member withdrew the petition. ; export or 00LD. Mr I-I VMM ILL gave notice that on Tuesday noxt he would move for a copy of the Quarterly Returns made bv the several lianks in ihe Colony, on and from the fiMt nuartor of 1852 j also, for a return of the declared value of the imports to and exports from tlie Colony ni inch year, commencing with lSo-., and distinguishing the value of gold exported, nnd of., coin imported or exported. ^ 1UK tiuuutory. j Mr BLAIW gave notice t hat on trical S^rv^v of'the Territory , setting forth the proposed nio nf thn trianirulation ; ths proposed scale of topo trnnlii cal maps t ob era a d e from it'; the means to be j graphical map general base line and bases of :f? i a ioT; the gextent to which the preliminary of *erilic.iiion vcv already been carried; a detailed list of tho staff now employed on the operations witli the salary and allowances of each person ; a table of tho full staff proposed to be employed, with a s .al rtf salaries and allowances ; the estimated time within i T u survey can be completed ; tho actual expen duire to the present date , iind the estimated total cost { tho 6Ulve-v.'0CK VDES AX the digoings. jr. pyICE -rave notice that ho would this day ask Jlr. 1 1 ^ r Public Works if he was aware that the Stockades recently orectod at Castlemaine and Bal de^gners or to the contractor, and if to neither, then 011 whom does the blame rest. the escorts. Mr BAHAGWANATH gave noticn that he would thfs day ask th,. Chief Sectary if the Government intended placing an escort between aranga Hoathcote, and il so, when . priiLicAXtf, runuc pounds, wateii and SKWKHAOB SUPPLY. \fr V.DEX ffave notice that, on Wednesday, 17th ? ^ he would move the House resolve itself into a committee' of tho whole for the purpose of considering ibe following rooliitions : ?? !l'li-.i llrV'.ur'®,' , a.) ,re. '?-?I, «Ui.ttld 'JO paW Into the i;on-ul:dai^ r^eiute. 3\. That the fees btfing from public pounds be paid into the , Con»oHdat'«d reveuue, the charges of su«h pounds to be de- } r yed therefrom. I 4\. That t.i*- m.-tt revenues i-ccived by the Commissioners of j Sewers aud Water Supply should be paid into the Consolidated revenue. * . 5\. That t^e amounts veceivert for the labor of prUoners unr'er the r^uu'atioim of thr» Governor in Council, should be pal i into the Consolidated revenue. ? 6\. That B lis should be brought in for thecc purposes, and j to amend tie laws relating to PubHcan*, to Public Pounds, ; and tn the Sewerage and Water Supply of the City of Mel- j bourne. ' i I GUVr.H.VMEXT l-KJir..VTUUKS. 1 I ! Mr HAMHLLli ^a^*c notice, that, on Tuesday next, ' he would ju'ive for a return of tho amount of Deben tures issued oy tne government mat nave uceu muuc 1 payadC.'1 JVKOIIS PRES. , -I Mr. FELLO WS, in aMOrdance with a resolution ot tho House upon the previous day, brought up a BUI to regulate the fees payable to jurow, and moved tti?t H)e same be read a first tim.-?; be printed, qnd read a sccond time that day week. SANDHURST. - , Mr OIJ.4WT presented a petition from the Loca Court at Sandhurst. The petition, the lion, member stated, was respeitfully worded, but prayed that tne sum of #20,00) might bo placed on the estfmatsa for a ccrtaii) purpO'0. and under such circumstances lie nail some doubt whether jt poilld, in accordance With tne rules of the House, be presented- f The SPEAK said that if such were tlie p.aypr ot the petition it Lcrl^iril v could not be received, and --lr ii-.Ii M-fthdraw it. ^ MR oi'SH.tNASSVj \r, r A TOT!. ,ir,-^ nttoulion to the fact Qf an hon. Mr LALOKdrt ,uv(n„. hoeit elected fpr two member of that House ?-« that the hoa. member places, and expressed an opinio^ ousjht to resign either one oi* the other. , ? The SPEAKER was i-ndeistood t? fa7 that the hod member could not resign till a pptitipii '^-'1 ceivod upon the subject. , ™nm. Mr O'SHANASsl' begged to inform the lion. her, who did not appear to be well informed 'I'?''11} point, that there was no such thing as resignations 111 the matter. TUK HAV.VKST. f Mr HAINES presented a petition from a number ol landowners, farmers, and others resident in the parishes ot Moolap, Bellerine, Paywit, and Barrabool Hills, suggesting that in any contracts that may be entered into between this date and the termination of the har vest, provision may he made for the non-prosecution o the works during the period already inaicated, viz., one month. ESTIMATES. Mr SLADEN gave notice that, on Thursday next, lie would move the House resolve itself into a Com mittee of Supply, for the purpose of considering the supplementary Estimates for laoti antt tno jvsuiua^ of Expenditure for ,1857 . PllOVEllTY QU A LIVI CATION. Mr DUFFY saia perhaps the Chief Secretary would allow him to ask a question without notice. \V as it the intention of the hon. gentleman to submit to the Uoii'e a Bill to abolish the property qualification *or members of the Legislative Assembly ? _ Mr HAINES, in the lirst instance, misunder stood the question, and stated that he thought the hon. member was rather anticipating a matter which was likedv to form the subject of debate in committee, but subsequently stated that he had no intention of intro ducing any such measure. Mr. DUFFY then gave notice that, on Frida) next, lie would move for leave to introduce a Bill abolishing the property qualification for members of the Legislative Assembly. ' VOTES AND PROCEED IK OS. Mr. BLAIR drew attention to a slight error in the rotes and proceedings. His name appeared amongst the aves upon a motion of Dr Owens, but the fact was that ho was not in the House at the time the uivision took placc. THE COAL 1'IELHS. Mr GUILDERS brought up a return, moved for on the previous day by Mr Hughe?, in reference to the im portation of coals. tup. TAitirr. Mr CPILDERS laid 011 the table of the House, by command of his Excellency, documents relative to an assimilation of tariffs in tlie Australian colonies, and moved tliat the samo be printed. Carried. rmiLic HEALTH. Upon the notice of motion standing in the name of Captain Clarke, for leave to bring in a Bill for the better promotion of public health, being called on, the hon. gentleman stated that a shoit time since the Cen tral Board of Health addressed circulars to the various local boards in consequence of the failure of the Act _ at present in force. It was determined fo amend that Act, aud tho local boards had been asked to lay before the Central Board any information likely to prove valu able in framing the now Bill and bringing it into opera tion. He regretted to say that replies from tho various local boards had not reached tho Central Board ; in fact, with one or two exceptions, no replies wliaterer had reached the Central Board. In consequence of not having these replies, and trusting that much valuable information might yet reach the Central Board, he was desirous of postponing the introduction of the intended Bill, and asked leave to postpone it till tho requisite in formation had reached him. The notice of motion was, in consequence, dis charged. banking in victoria Mr SLADEN, with the permission of the House, postponed till Wednesday, 17tli inst., the following notice of motion Handing in his name To move for a Select Committee to report upon the laws affecting Banking in Victoria, and the issue of I-otes payable on demand, with power to take evidence ; suoh Committee to consist of Mr Brooke, Mr Cbildcrs, Mr Fyfe, Mr Goodman, Mr Griffith, Mr Iluincs, Mr Hammill, Mr Henty, MrM Culloeh, Mr Moore, Mr O'Shanassy, Mr Palmer, Mr Syme, Mr Mere, and the Mover. THE OUNPOAVDER ACT. Mr CHILDERS moved that the House resolve itseli into a committee of the whole for the purpose of consi dering the following resolution : — That it is expedient to amend -the Act 11 'Victoria, ^ 0. 50, intituled, ' An Act to regulate the keeping and carriage of gunpowder in that part of the colony of -*ew South Wales called Fort rhillip.' _ The House went into committee, Mr Aspinall officia ting as chairman, when ... . ? Mr CHILDERS stated that the Act ot present in force was passed at a period when this colony was in a very different state to what it now was. Ho appre hended that at the time the Act was passed there was no suspicion on the part of the framers of the Act that gunpowder would over go to any othor port than Mel bourne Tho present Act proposed to extend the pro visions of the former Act, and would, m fact relate to the importation of gunpowder to any part of the colony. The Act made provision for the storing of gunpowder at the gold- fields, a large amount of gunpowder being required for mining pur poses, and it was intended that the municipal bodies should have the control of the places at which the stor age of gunpowder was permitted. f he Bill also made provision for the conveyance of gunpowder, in which considerable traffic wns carried on, and for which it had hoen considered desirable to mnke provision. It was „i«„ niwiKiirv to have somo provision respecting the conveyance of gunpowder by railway, and this wns pro vided for by the Act which it was proposed to mtro lllMr B Alt AG WAN AT H was exceedingly glad that the Government had seen the necessity of bringing 111 such a measure, and he was also glad to find they had become aware that gunpowder was used m the mining districts, for it was only the other day that lie brought forwnrd a motion, wht n the Government professed not to kiuw that such a thing as gunpowder was in use at the irold-ficlds. He could inform them, however, that at the cold- fields there was such a thing as quartz-reefs, and an enormous quantity of gunpowder was used in extracting the gold. The Government appeared blind to these matters a few days ago, but now a wonderful change had come o'er the spirit of their dream, lie begged to sccond the proposition of Mr. Ghildcrs. Sir CHILDERS said that so far from the Govern '^Upon'thcMnothm'of Mr?* CIIILDERS it was resolved thut a Bill be introduced, and the Chairman of Com mittees having reported tho resolution to the Houso, the report was adopted. CLAIMS AGAINST THE GOVERNMENT. Mr ST A WELL moved for leave to bring m a Bill for the relief of persons having chums against the Go vernment. The hon. gentleman stated that it had loiv been held absolutely necessary tliat some means should be afforded by which subjects should have the same redrew against the Crown as one subject lia) against another The object of the present Bill was simply to confer that right. Disputes frequently arose m reference to contracts which had been entered into with the Go vernment, and the Government were then placed 111 this position that they must act as judges in their ow n case or refer the matter to arbitration. 1 o refer a mat ter to arbitration was rather a circumlocutory mode, and cenerully speaking, so far as his experience had gone, mrties adopted extreme views either on one side or the other and generally speaking, he must say, adv erse to thr Government. Itwasdesirable, he thought, thatdisputesof th s character should be settled in tho same way as dis putes between private individuals namely, by a jury 0 the country. Ho apprehended tlicro would not be a dissentient voice to the proposition, that it was most de irable a Bill should be brought 111 for the relief of persons having claims against the Government. Mr GRANT was quite willing that all peisons ha-- inf claims against the Government, i.respectively of j all claims arising from the occupation of public lands , n^tlefin tho way proposed, but he wished to ask tliehon. members opposite what difference there was lietwe»n the measure which was now proposed and that . 1 eh was formerly introduced. It was felt then by al clas ci of the community that the bill proposed would I 'ivo a right of action to all the Squatters of the conn- , m-. ( Hear, hear ) There would be no question .that tl?e obiect of the present bill was to get nil of th the ooju.t n i' 1 ^ Jt app^red to him th-iUhc attempt of the Gove/nment on this occasion was pree^elv similar to th.U of the Solicitor-General on ! u tunnel- occasion, and which frustrated b) 1 1 e i House, mid oa that oeca-ion too, tiie Attoruej opposed the Bill. Ho believed that the Government I generally paid 'n per cent, more than private inilividu- j ah, for the simple reason that people did not like to 1 trust them. (Laughter.) He saw no objection althounh j lie helonged,to.the legal profession, to matters in dis- I pate between the Government and the subject being | referred to arbitration : but he should like to know who I were to pay the costs if the Crown should be shewn tn hi wrong:' It appeared to liim that the Government wanted the community at large to pay the costs of the Crown should they be shewn to be wrong. Mr MACDOUGALL begged to ask the Attorney General if the avowed object of the Bill was to include the claims of the Squatters ? Mr STAWELL : Certainly not. Mr MICHIE was sorry when his learned friend on the opposite sido said 'Certainly not,' because he could see 110 possible reason why the Bill should not contemplate un adjustment of the claims of the Squat ters if they had an v. He coull see no rea son wl(y Any attempt should bo mado to ex clude tho full and ample operation of the Act, so far as the squatters were concerned. (Why by any artificial iftpajlS attempt to prevent the squatters from resorting to tlie ordinary jurisdiction of the pountry. So far as he understood tho question, there could be no objection to their being admitted to a remedy to secure their lights in a pnurf of law. He was sorry, therefore, to hear liis learned friend deplore that it was nqt in tended to include them, for it appeared to be jumping at a cor elusion that tlie squatter had claims which the Government- were uiuvilline to recoznise. II ^ did npt wisl? to bo hypercritical, 'but woilltfVy th'-t this Bill was a step in tho right direction. So far indeed from being hypercritical, he would say frankly that ho re jjieea irlorp over ope sinncjr \yho 'refleqtetj tfyan ninety and nine just persons, tla should support any measure to sepiirp the mhts or equity of the squatters just as he should to secure any qMtpv flights flf property. + lie rmhts of the squatters weie like the ghost of Banquo ; the Houso. were scaring , themselves by a figment of their own brains, and the very question wlucli had ;,ccii put, VBoes it inplr.de tl-e snuatters r' implied a foregone conclusion ihat'the squiAters really had some faiv claims which were pertinaciously and ingeniously excluded from the cr,urt; of the Colony. If tho squat tor.i had claims, let them be satistfed. Iju mu,.h de sired that the whole question of the squatters claims should be brought before the country and thoroughly sifted, which it never had been, si) tl^t Uey might see what was tho precise measure of damages which the ^natters were CRtjtled to, if they were all collected, and could bring an action to- riiofroiy ai)d secure judg ment by next term. ... 1 Air STAWELL said that he l-eallv could not under- 1 jtnnd the present mode of procedure. Instead of voting for tho second reading, honorable members chose to discuss the merits of a question when it was simply put to shew whether it was expedient to introduce | such and such a measuro. With respect to tho present measure, the honoriible member for Sandhurst bad twitted him about his sudden conversion. He admitted iliat in the Into session he had strenuously opposed a measuro introduced by his honorable colleague, to whom he did not at the time impute motives ; but he lid not know whether the honorable gentle nan had been used merely as a cat's-paw, and as it appeared to him that thiJ bill' then introduced was in fact to get rid of a question wiiioh ought to be brought before tilt Legislature, he opposed the proposed measure, aud threw out the bill. That so far disposed of the question, but it was now before the Legislature of the colony, ana when he was twitted with being a convert, he replied that the position of the House was very different to what it was -yhen the previous measure . was brought forward, for now the legislature had power to deal with the question, which it had not then. There was no desiro to burke the most full and ample discussion of the question. The entire management of the crown lands was now vested in the Legislature, and such being the case, he had not thought it neecssary to make any allusion to them in connection with the present Bill. The simple faot was, that ho was not a convert, but circumstances had altered, and tho House now possessed a power which it did not at the period illuded to by the I1011. member for Sandhurst. When he stated that the Bill did not include the squatters, he did not mean to say that it cither included or excluded them. It 111 faot had no reference to them, and the ? .-.I ? nt tliot mimlinii ? nnn lw. nrlmlftnrl nf COUMUCIUliU't w. ........ j-rave and serious importanco— should not enter into the discussion of the present Bijl. So fur as he was concerncd, he was not desirous that the squatters should be turned either one way or the other by a technical point of law. After the House had heard the claims of the squatters supported, it would be for thom to pro claim what their rights wero. Mr MACDOUGALL said that he had asked the question whether tho avowed o'ojrct of the Bill was to enable tho squatters to sue, not from any unfriendly feeling towards tho squatters, hut from a conviction that the squatters had 110 confidenco in obtaining justice by appoaling to a court of law. Mr BARAGWANAl'H considered that Govern ments, like individuals, should bo bound by oontracts. If there were no way at present by which parties could obtain redress from tho Government for a, viola tion of contracts, all ho could say was that he thought there should be. If the measure before the house simply proposed that the Government should sue nnd be sued he would most willingly support it, but he confessed that the Bill ? nnnArnrl tn Tutti vnrv il ill bifii nil R and in its nrpspri t otatn he felt bound to oppose. Mr STAWELL agreed with the last speaker that tho Government should stand in the same position as sub jects, and it was precisely that object which tho present Bill proposed to effect. The CHAIRMAN put tho question -which was carried, and the resolution having been reported to the House, the report of the committee was adopted. THE ARTILLERY. Capt PASLEY said that before the orders of the day wero called on he wished to draw the attention of the House to a matter perhaps not directly connected with its proceedings. On Saturday at half-past 2 o'clock, at the Sandridge Battery, there would be a trial of the field guns and heavy artillery of tbe Volunteer Regi ment. He should be glad if hon members would take the opportunity of seeing their efficiency. BULLA I1ULT..V. Mr FOSTER presented a petition from a nuciber of the residents of Bulla Bulla, Bolinda and the neigh borhood, complaining of the injustice and injury to which thoy were subjected in consequence of there being no road from the Deep Creek to tlie Emu Ceeck. The prayer of the petition was that a road might be formed between the two localities. Tho petition was received. THE CHINESE. Mr HUMFFRAY presented a petition from a large number of Chinese resident at Ballaarat, praying that the capitation tax upon Chinese Immigrants might bo abolished. MR. GREGORY. Mr IIUMFFIIAY presented a petition from Mi Gregory complaining that in February, 1851, lie had purchased two allotments of land from the Government, which now refuesd to give him the grant. Captain CLARKE : Oh! we've had that before. Mr HUMFFRAY said that a former petition had been presented upon the subject, but that he had been induced to present another in consequence of the peti tinnpr havincr brought forward new facts in support of his claim. Tl-e petition was received. iikntiey's hotel. Mr HUMFFRAY presented a petition from William Bentley and wife, sotting forth that property to thu value of £20, 750 was dostroyed by the burning of Bentley's Hotel, at Ballaarat ; anil that as Bentley had been punished for an alleged crime, he contended that he had no right to be deprived of his property, and prayed an enquiry into the matter. The petition was received. CUSTOMS LAWS CONSOLIDATION' DILL. This Bill appeared upon the paper for the secmd 'upon the motion of Mr CHILDERS tbe order of the ; day was discharged. FINANCIAL POSITION OF Tin: COUNTRY. The further consideration in Committee of the finan cial position of the country appeared as an order of tho d'iy upon the paper; but upon the motion of Mr Sladen, the order nf the day was discharged, the hon. ?'entleman remarking that he had that day given notice he would move on Thursday next that the House go into u Committee of Supply. THE CENSUS IlILL. Upon the motion of Mr IIAINESthoHousewent into Committee upon this Bill, Mr Aspinall officiating as Chairman. The lirst clause, as follows, was passed without discussion : — I11 the interpretation of.this Act the word 'dwelling house shall, unless inconsistent with, or repngnant to t.ie have the meaning hereby assigned to it, that Is 10 s,ij -it shall include house building, buoMi, tent, an.l any 0 her erectio. m or under which ii'iy person usu illy sleeps, and also all sh.ps and vessels within Victoria. Tn the sccond clause March wis substituted for February, at the suggestionof Mr. Haines After some little squabbling upon a point of order, u- the discus sion of which the time of the House is too .frequently ^Mr.'jdYLES moved that tho words ' and every third year afterwards' be introduced after 1857 ill tho clause, which was as follows -. — in account shall tie taken' in the nunner hereinafter di rected, of this number of persons who shall be within ^ lct!'ir.1'; 011 the firs', ilav of March, in the voar one thousand tib'!' hundred and fifty-seven, and of the several matters and parti culars mentioned and specified in the form of return contained in the first schedule to this Act. ^ | Mr. HAINES declined adopting the suggestion of 1 the hon. member. . Mr MYLES considered it quite unnecessary that tlie Government should be so frequently coming down 1 to | the House with a Census Act. This would be the third , census which had been taken during the last four years, ? and lie considered it unnecessary that the countij should SO frequently be put to the expsnse, particularly I as very little changes could ta,!.e place in tlio number j of the' population without such being .tnown from the customs returns of the passengers arriving and dc '' 'nr'f/u'.'E V E5, nfler complaining of the difficulty 1 o' hPttrin' in consequent of lion, members persisting : li'k' tho last spwkcr. iu approaching the table to address the House, instead of speaking froni tlicir scats, — said tliat the census of the whole British Empire was only taken once every ten years, but still he thought the matter should be left entirely in the hands of the Legis lature, and be felt bound to vote again-t the amend ment of the hon. member for Grant. Mr Myitis' amendment was lost, and the clause was passed. Mr HAINES iu proposing the third clause, which was as follows : — ' The fi ivenior with the advice of the Executive Council shall for the purpose of taking sueli account, appoint, as many per sons as are needed to be and be called enumerators, and shall define tho districts for which they shall respectively act, and the number of sub-enumerators and distributors to be cmpbyed by each enumerator as herein mentioned, and the. rates of re muneration of such enumerators, sub- enumerators, and distri butors. Said that the gentlemen forming the Commission ap pointed by the Government, were not in favor of distri butors ; but the Government had thought it bettor that different parties should collect tho papers from those who distributed them, in order that there might be a check upon tho distributors. Mr O'SHANASSY quite agreed with the necessity of there being a check upon tho distributors, but lie thought the clause so acting upon the subject was not suflii'iently distinct. It would be observed upon refer ence to tho olause to which ho referred, that certain parties were requested to do a certain thing, but they were nqt directed. There was a provision by which I panius appointed to carry out the Act could be punished for wilful neeliuonoe. and suoh bninc the ease, it was the more necessary that their duties should be defined. If there lyere to be a punisment for non-performance of duty, that duty should be properly defined. Distinct directions should be given, to tho enumerators and sub cnu:iK')\'Hof= p,s jq tne|r duties, He believed the present would bo n great iii\proyement upon any Census Act yet passed, but it was impqrtantof course that the appoint ments should Se impartially made. He mentioned this because he was aware that somo of the appointments which had been previously made were not of a proper character. UreaV care slioijld he taHen by the Govern ment in the selection qf persons to carry out tho Act, anil he would suggest that the sub-enumerators be directed IP ask the questions contained in the schedule. Mr HAINES said tho sub-enumerators would be directed to make every enquiry. Dw GIlEKVljS desired to know whether tho ques tion had been well considered of the possibility ol tho police acting as distributors, by which measure a con siderable s^yjng woi\ld ljo eflboted to the country. Tho plan had been Adopted iu England, and he believed in Ii c'iinu where the police were similarly organized to what they were here, Mr IIAJHlsS B^lil tho police had been employed on somewhat an ilngou's duties, but they had not been per formed so satisfactorily usoould be desired. Ho would, lio.vever, consult the Commissioner of Police to nee if any urrnngemeiu couui uu uuuiu uy nurai i|ic pu^u coul I perform the duties. Mr O'SHANASSY pointed out that the 7tli olause wa- extremely vague. It ooutained the expression as soon after as practicable, and as he presumed the officers to carry out the Act would be paid by the day, they might not have any distinct ideas as to how long a time should actually be consumed in the woi 1;. Mr DUFFY said tlie hon. momber for East Bourke was quite right in stating that in Ireland the census was taken by the poli-.o at a very trifing expense, and there was ft greater security tlwt the work would be efficiently performed, lie saw no reason that the sug gestion of hi« hon. friend could not be adopted hero. The men would be amenable to punishment if they mi-conducted themselves, and there would bo no diffi culty in inducing the men for a trifling con ideration to perform tlie task, but there would bo great difficulty, he appvohended, in getting efficient men for temporary offices. Mr HUMFFRAY thought that although the sys tem might succeed in settled distrlots, . it wonld not work at the gold- fields. He did not wish to dispara'' the police, but in support of his asjertion-, ht might refer to the unsatisfactory manner 111 which tho electoral roll had been prepared. Dr. EMI1LING expressed similar vlows. Mr CAMERON corroborated the statement of the lio-i, member for Ballaarat in reference to the electoral roll, which had been made up by the police. Not half the persons who wero ontltlcd to be upon the roll ap peared there, and ho believed it would be perfectly im possible that the police could perform satisfactorily tho duties under the Census Act. Mr O'. SI IAN A.SS\r asked if tho Government had calculated the number of persons to be employed, and tho cost of taking the census ? Mr HAINES said, so far as he was enabled nt present to judge from information which hail been placed before him, tho oasts of taking the census would he .6 In, 000, but ho had not been informed as to tho number of persons to bo employed. The Government had appointed a Commission, and felt bound to defer to the opinion of tho members of that Commission ; but I10 should mention to tho House that tho Commission I wero not in favor of employing distributors. It would, however, be for the House to decide which course was most desirable. Mr BLAIR asked the Chief Scoretary to what ex tout tho staff of the Registrar General's department could be made available for the work. It was unde sirable, he thought, to call into existenco a number o . temporary officers ; indeed, he had found by experience that much mischief frequently accrued from such ap pointments. Ho wished to know if some existing de partment could not be made available for these periodi cal takings of tho census ; if so, it would be infinitely better than appointing temporary officers for temporary purposes. Mr HAINES thought it would not be desirable to keep up a staff in the Registrar General's department to do tho work. It was proposed that the enumerators should appoint the sub-enumerators and distributors, and that the commissioners should suggest tbe gentle men who wore to act as enumerators. It was not in tended by the Government to exercise any dircct patro nage in the matter. Dr GREEVES hoped that honorable members would be afforded another opportunity of expressing their opinions in refercnco to the employment of the police upon tho work, and again stated that the system had given entire satisfaction in Ireland. As these were the days of retrenchment, he trusted the Government wouhl have no objection to a scheme of retrenchment coining from his side of the House. Mr O'SHANASSY suggested, in reference to tho objections which had been raised to tbe plan proposed, that the polico might be employed in the thickly populated district, but that other parties should be em ployed where the population was scattered. Mr BROOKE understood that the suggestion of the committee had not been entirely carried out, and asked the Chief Secretary if he li.id any objection to lay the re port before tho Houso. Mr HAINES said he would lay the report before the House, but it was very short, and merely enclosed the draft of a bill. Mr O'SHANASSY asked if any correspondence had taken place upon the subject. Mr IIAINliS slid that the. various Municipal Coun cils had been corresponded with, in order to facilitate the work. Mr MYLES moved, ' That tho Chairman report o^nirrnac thu [fo vsc not beins in possession of sufficient information to enable them to proceed.' Mr SARGOOD considered the matter of too much importance to postpono. Without wishing to disparage the police experience had shewn that they were not the best agents which could he employed. There were many objections, indeed, to their employment, for he believed that many were so afraid of a man in blue, with white buttons, that the/ would be absolute ly afraid to give him truthful information. Mr MYLBS regretted that no provision had been made for obtaining it return of the number of persons who attended Divine Service on the Sabbath Day. It was desirable' they should havo information upon this point, as motley was granted to each denomination ac em-ding to its numbers. The clause was then carried. The 'ith and 5th clauses, as fallow, were passed without discussion IV. The several enumerators shall with all convenient speed after their own appointment select and appoint subject to the aoproval of the Governor the numbar of suhranme rti'nrs aiid distributor* to bo employ jd by each of them and ?shall assign a sub-diitrict to each sub-enumerator and dis tributor and shall deliver to each distributor a sufficient number of the saiil forms. V. Every person who shall accept tho office of enumerator shall make and subscribe the declaration contained in the second schedule to this Act befue some jestiee of the peace f'/hich declaration such justice is hereby authorized and re quired to take) and shall keep the same to be transmitted as herein mentioned and every person who shall accept tho o'tiee of sub- enumerator or distributor shall m.t'ie and sab scribs before the ennmrrator by whom ho shall have been appointed the like d.'c'.aration which declaration such enu merator is hereby authorized and required to take and to !; ;.op until transmitted as herein mentioned. Clause 6 was amended and carried. Clause 7 was postponed, 011 the motion of Mr Haines. Clauses 8, 9, and 10, wero adopted with amendments. Clauses 11, 12, 13, and 1-1, were carrried as they stand in the bo.dv of the Draft. The schedules appended to the Bill passed, but the preamble was postponed. ELECTORAL ACT AMENDMENT HILL. Mr GAVAJI DUFFY called tbe attention of the Government to the inconvenience of going into Com mittee the day after a Bill had been read the second time. Tint Houss would certainly be at a serious dis advantage if it were called upon forthwith to entertain the consideration of amendments at this crisis. He hoped the hon. the Chief Secretary would uppointanother dry for going into committee on this Bill. At present hon members had not time to confer together as to the amendments which might be deemed desirable to intro duce : and were such accommodation allowed, it might save considerable inconvenience to the Ilou-e, by pre venting two or three propositions from clashing with CaMr°II AINE3 responded that after the appeal of the hon. member for Viliiers, he should certainly be very sorr'y to see any measure of suoh a character as the -/resent Hill precipitated through the House ; and he 'n-oiild, therefore, in deference to tlie wishes of tlint h -11. member, consent to its postponement until Wed nesday next. punnc BATHS. Dr. EMBLING moved as follows : — (2.) Tiiat a Committee be appointed, consisting of the Honorable Captain Pas'ey nnd Captain Clarke, Mr .'Moore, Mr D. S. Campbell, Mr M'Culloeh, Mr Rutledge, and the Mover, to consider upon and to report as to the . most suitable method of supplying this desideratum The hon. member was aware that he was laboring under some difficulty in bringing; forward the present motion. He know the general opinion obtained that it was not the duty of the Government to attend to this business. lie thought, however, that any measuro which embodied a sanitary tendency, -was deserving of consideration. It was the glory of ancient Rome that she had provided public baths for the accommodation of her people. If other countries knew that the Colony of Victoria possessed gold-fields but no public bath, although they might consider us princes, they could never believe us to be cleanly, lie was prepared to say that tlicro were two or three very eligible sites for such a work, and he considered that one site in particular might be pointed out, near to Captain Lonsdale's paddock, which would provo most convenient for the inhabitants of Melbourne. He conceived it to I10 the duty of Government, as a Muni cipal measure, to provide such sanitary appliances ; and he held it to be their duty to grant a supply of money for carrying out this object as speedily as possible. Cleanliness wns next to godliness : and recog nising that principlo, he would, with confidenco, leave tho motion in tho h inds of the House. Mr SNODG11ASS could not agroo with tho wording of the motion. It appeared to him that tho motion was brought forward for tho purposo of obtaining a supply of baths in the city of Melbourne alone. He (Mr Snodgrass) considered that the people of Mel bourne were sufficiently wealthy to provide baths for themselves without coming to the House to obtain them. Captain PASLEY said lie had no objection to a com mittee being appointed to enquire into the matter, leaving out any particular allusion to the city of Mel bourne. Dr EMBLING amended his motion accordingly, nnd a committee was empowered to consider the suggestion of that hon. member. CHAIRMAN OP COMMITTEES. Mr MICHIE brought forward his motion for the ap pointment of Mr B. C. Aspinall, as Chairman of Com mittees of the House of Assembly. Should the House affirm this motion, ho (Mr M) was aware that tho Op position would loso an extremely effective, amusing, (hoar, hear,) ablo, and useful debater ; and therefore I10 must sav thnt ho did not make the motion without soii^e considerable regret, and to somo extent, appre hension that he slio^',-i tucceed hut toq well. (Hear, hear.) Ho 'was well aware of the many difficulties which \\\ ere attached to tho office, and he was well aware that, to a oon»idoruble extent, Mr Aspinall was inexperienced ; hut I10 (Mr Michie) was happy to say flint sinno hn first pavo notice of this motion — aud since ho first saw the candidate with his face suffused with blushes — 110 (Mr A.) had passed that pant asinorum of debaters— ' that the words proposed to bo omitted stand part of tho Bill' — and ho had now becomo sufficiently conversant with the duties of suck an oflloo as that pro'- posed to bo conferred upon him. Mr FELLOWS seconded tho motion most cordially. Mr FOSTER on behalf of tho hon. members who sat upon tho Cross-benches, supported tho motion ; and hoped that the hon. member for Talbot would not spare liis side of tho Houso upon any future occasion. Tho motion was affirmed. Mr AS1 HNALJU said that, having been lor so short a time a member of thnt House, ne should soarcely ' have ventured to allow himself to be pluood in l'^'mi- ] nation at all, but he had applied his attenti'-^ to the ! duties, and lie hoped to meet with tho - encrous indui. genee of the Houso m his diso--- tho3o duti ? until he hail acquired so'^ further practical experionce in the offlco. r_UIV-.TE APPROPRIATION OF PUBLIC PROPERTY. ;vlr SYME rose to move, pursuant to notice, for a return of the following particulars relativo to the pub lication of the Acts of Council — (1.) 'i'S-c number of copies printed, and the expense of printing the same. (2.) The date when they wero ready for sale ; the number of copies disposed of to the trade or the general public up to tho present time ; and the amount spent by t\ fJnvnrnmnnt in ndvertiHintr them. (3.) The number of copies furnished to the various judi cial tribunals throughout the. country, and the date at which they were furnished. 1 1.) The date at which Mr.Travers Adamson was furnished with the 250 copies presented to liim by tbe Chief Secretary, and the proportionate cost of printing and binding tho same. (5.) The copy of the agreement between Mr. Travers A '.unison and the Chief Sec etary, with respect to this mode of disposing of the public property. (6.) The opinion of tlie Attorney General as to the autho rity of tlie Chief Secretary to dispose of public pro perty without the sanction of this House. (7.) A statement of the mode in which the public docu ments printed by Government have been ordinarily disposed of hitherto. (8.) Copy of tho letter from the Secretary of the Mechanics' Institution to the Chief Secretary applying for a copy of the Acts of Council, with the Chief Secre tary's reply. The hon. member said he was induced to bring this subject again before tho Ilouso in consequence of the reply mado by the Attorney- General the othor day to a question which he had put to him. That hon. gentle man stated that 250 copies of tho Acts of Council had been presented to Mr Travers Adamson, in consideration of having edited them, the hon. member opposite (Mr Stawell) replied to that ^nnat-,*nn in n. manner not tiartieularlv pleasant, and which seemed to intimate that this was not a question which he (Mr Syme) had a right to put to him, or to the Government. He (Mr Syme) now wished, in self defence, to say that he put tho question strictly on publio grounds, and he now asked for the information stated in his motion also on public grounds. It was a puhl!c question. Here wns a case of private appropria tion of public property. The hon. member opposite (Mr Stawell) had stated the case the other day with a seeming unconsciousness of what it involved. Tho House, no doubt, would be taken by surprise if the hon. tho Surveyor-General had stated that he had rewarded a surveyor in his employment by presenting him with a largo slice of tho land which he had surveyed. Yet the present case was exactly parallel to this supposed instance. Here was a person who had become possessed of public property without the authority of this House. Mr Adamson would have been amply remunerated for the work at £50, while by selling this property for his own private benefit he would receive about £1500. The mere amount, however, was nothing; and had it been even double that sum he would not have called the attention of tho House to it, had not an important principle been involved, namely, tho principlo of privately disposing of public property by a member of the Government. If such a precedent «s the one now before them were to bo allowed, why might not tho hon. the Commissioner of Public Works make 11 present of some public building to tho architect who designed it ? Ho was induced to call for this information, in order that the full facts of the caso might be brought to light, aud he could assure the House that when the returns asked for were laid 011 the table, as he anticipated they would bo, thoy would see that ho was justified 111 bringing the matter prominently before them. He begged accordingly to move for tho returns referred to in his motion. Afr IfATNES said the affair between Govern mnnt nnd Mr Adamson, in the editing of the Acts of Council, was a mere matter of contract for the performance of certain work very necessary to be performed. (Hear, hear.) He had no objection to furnishing the informa tion, but he certainly objected to certain terms in the motion, such as the term ' public property.' In his mind, tbe real question appeared to be, had Mr Adam son been overpaid ? He (Mr Ilaines) would, however, furnish the information, merely taking an objection to the language in which tho motion was embodied. Mr SYME observed in reply, that wero he to omit the term ' public property,' there would no longer be any ground for asking for these re turns. If tlie 250 copies of the Acts of Council wero the private property of the Chief Secretary, that gen tleman would have been at pcrfect liberty to dispose of tliein as he thought proper : but considering that thej were printed at the public expense, ho (Mr Syme) con ceived them to bo public property, and considered him self justified in calling for an account of them. As to tho transaction being a simple matter nf contract, ho would repeat that the hon. tho Surveyor General might on that system pay bis employes by grants nf public lands. Ho must, therefore, adhere to the terms of his motion. Neither 011 the previous occasion, nor now, had ho used any expression which could even be con strued into offensive. Were not a principle involved, be would readily alter what was objected to, as his desire was simply to get the information with a view of laying itbeforo the Houso. 'This Speaker then put the motion, when tho Ayes and Noes appeared nearly equal. The Speaker declared that the Ayes had it; but this was disputed by the hon. gentlemen 011 tho Government benches. Whereupon, Mr SYME called for a division. Mr ADAMSON here rose to speak ; but the Speaker ruled thnt I10 wis too late, lie (Mr Adamson) stated that lie had 110 objection himself to have tho returns given. The SPEAKER put the motion again, and declared it carried. CIIOSES IN ACTION HILL. Mr HAINES withdrew this order of the day from the notice paper. CLAIMS AGAINST GOVERNMENT. Oil the motion of Mr STAWELL, a Bill for the relief of persons having claims against tho Government, was postponed to next Wednesday, ADJOURNMENT. The House rose tit seven minutes tn eight o'clock. 