THE COURIER. MONDAY AFTERNOON, NOVEMBER &tccmu; tt Ijh'bsip-Tr. THE NIGHT SIDE OF JOURNALISM We propose in the present article to admi- nister, after long forbearance, a chastisement to our morning contemporary, which we trust will be of some use to it, but which we more than trust will bc of benefit to the public, by exposing to their view public imposture and political immorality. To make the matter formally coherent and compact, we must avail ourselves of several remarks already published by ourselves and our contemporaries. When the Daily News was first established a very general impression soon began to pre- vail that it wan a great improvement on the colonial journals. Several articles appeared of undoubted merit; the igneus vigor juventce that glowed in its columns captivated num- bers, and thus tho. youthful print soon swelled its list of subscribers. Speedily, however, a falling off was very visible in the style of its leaders, people began to imagine that'after all it was but a flash in the pan, when, lo! it constituted itf elf magester morum, by coming out with a series of action- able articles against several officials of the Convict Department by name. Now let us not be misunderstood here. Wc are bound to be grateful to the man who comes forward and exposes a public abuse, if we are satisfied of the purity of his motives. But he who thinks himself bound thus to come forward must be prepared to submit to thc most rigorous inves- tigation into his own character, that his motives may be fully understood. ' We are not grateful to a Queen's evidence who ex- poses another's crime to secure immunity and, perhaps, material recompense for himself; neither should we be grateful to a journalist j who exposes malversations in order to sell his paper. We shall endeavour, before we con elude, to furnish the public with some means of judging as to what amount of gratitude is due by the community." to the Daily News. One of the presumed delinquents was affected by a disease which mental excitement or per - turbation is ever certain to. aggravate. His medical] attendant, .on being consulted, gave bis conscientious opinion on his state. That opinion made it compulsory on a just Governor to grant .leave' of absence. The medical gentle- man was Edward Bedford, of. whom it is not too much to say that a nobler speci- men of the surgeon, the gentleman, and the citizen the Australian do not contain. Personal honour and professional skill alike have dis- tinguished bimi during his long residence in Tasmania, thc first of which alone should be supposed capable of security, immunity from a charge of culpable deceit; but the union of the two qualities renders their possessor unassail- able and inviolate in bur eyes, as we take after Homer's hero in estimating the skilled physician as "equal in value to many men." Such weakness, however, cramps not the Daily New?. Not daring as yet to splash forth all its yenora~(for there is & feculent malignity which disgusts, and so repels; we should gaze with some interest on a stinging match between a wasp and a spider, but we fly far from the arena wherein a. polecat is com- bating)?it deals in insinuations against the professional integrity of Dr. Bedford in giving the opinion to which we alluded, and thus endeavoured to make him particeps criminis with Hampton. ' ??? " Hie nigra focus ofiginis, hac est JBrago mers.'1 . This isthe very venom of dark detraction? this is pure malignity.; ' ' ¦ Not long afterwards'a sanguinary miscreant was seized, as the Scotch say/* red hand,' that ip,,in the act of attempted murder.' He was at once-brought before the senior, magistrate of the colony; An investigation, took place in the usual form, which varied in rio single'item from the ordinary routine. A most ferocious attack was made on the magistrate, and (will it be believed ?) a circumstance was waked up from its slumber of twenty years to show that Mr. Mason, who has acted ever since as a magistrate, is unfit for the bench! ':''/ A' meeting such as the Midland District has rarely seen, comprising almost all .of its wealth and intelligence, was held shortly after in consequence, and the Daily News by it was branded as a calumniator. , Even then (creditc poster!!) it persevered in the libel, and maintained that it had only published the truth! In a manner equally reckless it assailed another, magistrate, Mr. Walpole, and was met by ail! address to that gentleman from the district similar to that, which had been pre- sented to the former. Now what greater refutation could)possibly be given than the statement of mdepbndent gentlemen who %bre on the spot, and have all possible means of ascertaining the truth ? And yet?will our readers believe it ?~ on Thursday last the following expression occurred in the Daily News'ijaiir; *\i'k (tieAdvertiser's)consistent advocacy at all times of the conduct, however oppressive or illegal, of every peraon'rettivrVig public pay or holding Governmetit office-*: it's vindication of Hampton, Mason, Walpole, and others.' We deliberately assert that a viler instance of moral insensibility?of a total disregard of truth and principle?never was afforded by a public journal. Thc next memorable attempt was that. on Mr. Ellibton, the Mayor bf Hobart Town ; the accusation directed against him was tanta- mount to a charge of pecuniary embezzlement. Promptly and effectually the libel was put down, but more' hypocritical meanness was never witnessed than that which was dis- played in the guaw-apology for the slander. We have not stopped to speak of the viru- lent venom that was sported forth on the two chief law ofKeers of the Crown, because they, to thc best of their light, acted up to a sense of their duty. But duty, eave what self-interest exacts, seems a slight obligation where moral sense is completely deadened ; and hence the attack on. these gentlemen. The next onslaught was on Mr. Champ for accepting the bonus. Now we are free to-con- fers that two very opposite opinions exist in the community respecting the righteousness of the bonus affair; but here again we are called upon to scrutinise the character of thc de- nouncer. Han that character meanwhile ap- peared to. advantage ? Be it remembered: that there is no medium. A public denouncer is actuated either by the highest motive's or by the worst; and so the Daily News assailed the Secretary, either through the patriotic wish to bene'fit the colony, or through the despicable desire to blast a reputation which in some men is a passion. Surely, for the sake of morality, it is worth while to (find out the real motive, since it must be tine of the two, and consistent virtue and, coherent knavery being generally of easy recognition, we shall not long be at a loss to measure the Daily News. Xct us first view its consistency.. Mr. Horne, a Government officer, Mr. Abbott, a Government officer, Mr. Gregson, junior, a Government officer, become candidates for seats in the New Parliament.??. The Daily News advocates their claims with,.perti- nacious energy. Dr. Bedford and Mr..Nairn, men superior in education to . two out of the three, and in every other respect, supe- rior to all three, enter the same field. ;Will it be credited that the Daily News, day after day, assailed these two gentlemen for pre- suming to come forward while in the. employ- ment of Government? Of Dr. Bedford we have already spoken; we shall now say a word or two of Mr. Nairn.' Independently of the fact, that he is a graduate of an Eng- lish university, that he is a gentleman by birth, and of standing in' society, wc beg to call our readers' attention to the fact'that while the Daily News was tearing to pieces the character of the chief convict officials, Mr. Nairn alone, although second in rank, did not incur the slightest taint even of suspicion. Ho possessed precisely the same opportunities of self-aggrandizement as his brother officers; the same temptation existed for him to strtsll his means, he had a family to provide for/and entire, impunity seemed to attend those who surrounded him. Now,.we confess that the sight of a man living intact in an atmosphere of moral pollution .is one. which ? invariably3 enlists our sympathy and wins our highest respect. We really must plead guilty.to a weakness here, which we trust will not be entirely condemned, except by that portion of the community on whom the flexible ethics of the Daily News have had an insalubrious effect. The unscrupulous peculators were chased from the island, and Mr. Nairn was put in the room of his dishonest chief. There seems to be a little of poetic justice here: rascality defeated, and integrity triumphant. But what says the Daily News, that type of purest morals? It strives to blast his prospects in consequence of his not having "informed against his superior officers 1" ri ? Aud this is the conduct prescribed by a British journal for a gentleman in Government employ! Take the Army and Navy-^the models of graduated subordination?and see whether subordinates are encouraged to take steps against their superiors. It is not sq, and for three reasons; 1st, Because it might lead to subversion of order and discipline; 2ndly, Because a chiqf is a chief precisely because he is expected to know his duties letter than his subordinates can know them; and, lastly, Because as inferiors fall into the berths of their superiors when the latter retire," they might be tempted, or considered tobe teiripted, by unworthy personal motives. And we doubt not that had Mr. Nairn set forth.tb the Government that Hampton was peculating;' the Daily News would have been the first tb cry out that one rogue had chased another for the sake of the loaves and fishes. ¦ .: < ? But bur contemporary has reached s climax by; its spiteful, stupid, and most u^Mtriotic attacks' Upon Tasmania's best'patriot,.Thoma* Daniel 'Chapman. Hitherto, with the exception of the Mayor, we saw that Government-officers were ifs targe*.;?; indeed, dowto-;W "diking constables, theseurifortunate functiotartes wej-e shot at right' and left. Hardly, aii impression came out that did not contain some dirty epistle from "A Looker-on," "Fair Play/' &c;, until at length the journal has become a Cloaca Maxima, into which are flung all the filthy excretions of slanderous rascality. Now, we beg our readers' earnest attention to the following remarks. According to the admission of the Daily News, tut man has deserved better at the hands of this commu- nity than Mr. Chapman. It is not then for the past he is assailed. His union with Mr. Champ, which can only become operative when Parliament meeta,, can now be doing no possible harm. It is not, therefore, notwith- standing the tone which the 'Daily News assumes this morning, for; the present he is assailed. The future only remains. And it is for his coming career that the prescient luminary has so fiercely attacked the leading member for Hobart Town. The shallowrpstotl scribe makes the Champ union hil battle-word, bat what, han Mr. Champ done ht his new capacity as Responsible Minister to deserve reprobation? - ¦ ' Nay, we shallnot even leave the ghost of a. loop-hole for escape. All along ht* the Daily News preached up the notion ,that we should give:tho:Sebretary a.foir trial as Responsible JJinister, notwithstanding Mb Antecedents. Sbrbry, a fortiori, it Bhould batnfelined to give a fair trial to Thomas Danial Chapman, in con Sequence of his antecedents; abd yet the ground on which it attacks him is his union with the Very mali to whbm ft consents to, give an opou'and unembarrassed field! Does not this consideration afford ;us -another -essay? ing element of the character of eur contempo* rary? ,. ¦'?*»¦?? V' We next proceed to speak of Mr. Maxwell Miller, the member for our metropolis. This young roan has apparently gained a vast deal of political influence in Tasmania; and as » matter of deep interest it behoves, us to look somewhat sharply into the business. It is riot two years since lie came" to the colony* 'His previous character' is utterly unknown, except from his own statements. What great deeds has he achieved, one might ask with justice, to get himself elevated to the important post of Member for Hobart Town? Suclv civic rewards are not elsewhere given except for a long career of beneficent citizenship. We have never read of a parallel'case in -airy'biri lised country. The answer would bethe started a daily paper, the chief features of which are detraction and slander and personal malice—the better class being, invariably-the assailed. The inquirer has only one more question to ask: " Does any political element exist here which is not in England ? Have the lower classes greater privileges ?" The answer is affirmative; to all intents and pur- poses, universal suffrage prevails; also the ballot. Putting all these things together, the earnest inquirer will find much food for thought. The lower classes of every country are dis- satisfied. Man loves not toil, and loves not his taskmasters, which the lower orders foolishly suppose the better class to be. The former has consequently a shy, sullen dislike to the latter; and along with this there is coupled a vague feeling that Governments could make them all rich and prosperous if they chose. Nothing then so thoroughly cap- tivates the mass as a vindictive onslaught on their superiors, and when that onslaught pro- ceeds from a member of the privileged class, he becomes a mob-idol. Now Mr. Maxwell Miller fulfils both conditions of the proposition. He was aa unscrupulous assailant of the Government and of respectability, and became what he is, the idol of the mob. It was n committee of the lower orders that secured his return, and thus far, and no further, does his political influence extend. Let him not be mistaken : the numbers that he polled form no criterion of his real political status, for the lower orders form the bulk of every land. Had there been universal suffrage at home in 1780, the crack- brained fanatic, Lord George Gordon, could have polled the greatest number of votes of any man in England. The same might be said in France of the butcher Marat, and more recently in England of the madman Feargus O'Connor, and of the rebel Hunt. Can anything show the extraordinary con- fidence of the community in Mr. Chapman so strongly as the fact that, although no Pub licola, no mob-courtier, no popularity-monger, he stood at the head of the poll in which Mr. Maxwell Miller was second ? It seemed as though the lower orders, or at least many of them, through fear of having made a false step, had determined to elect a counterpoise, and the weight of Mr. Chapman's -character fixed their choice. A word of warning to Mr. Miller in conclu- sion. No canaille ever yet succeeded in effecting a permanent change in the institutions of a country. They often tried and failed—headed at one time by lofty and devoted men, at another by fools and impostors. And the fateofthe.se leaders may perchance make you entertain some misgivings. Spurius Cassius, the framer of the agrarian law on behalf of the plebs, lost his head. The Gracchi were assassinated. Think of Rienzi, and if you wish for ignobler examples, think of Wat Tyler, Jack Cade, Massaniello, Lord Edward Fitz- gerald, Marat, and Emmett, all plebicolæ, and all consigned to a bloody and dishonoured' grave. Presume not too much on present appearances, you little know the ground you tread on. We candidly admit, however, that what we have said is not so much by way of advice to you, as to clear up some matters that were dimly perceptible to others. 