BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH. -LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL Friday, February 8. Mr KGanTr gave notice that, on Tuesday, he would move for production of correspondence respecting site for cemetery at Belfast. Mr Gas,?r gave notice that, on Tuesday, he would ask the Attorney General several ques tions, the purport of which are, whether the New Constitution Act possesses the force of law, it having undergone alterations and additions in the British Parliament, and which alterations have not yet received the sanction of this Legislature. Dr Ow.as gave notice that on Tuesday he would ask the Chief Secretary the reason why the survey paddock at Tarradale had been yielded up to the miners to work for gold, and whether it was the intention of Government to give up to the miners all Government reserves proved to be auriferons. The motion character ised such proceedings as tending to complicate the difficulties attending the question of private mining. Mr CHoease gave notice that on Tuesday he would renew the following motion, which lapsed on Thursday in consequence of his absence. Tht an address be presented to his Ecellency the Oflcer admniinistein the Government, prayin that his Excellency will anse to be laid on th table of the House an account ofll sums ofnoney epended on the Great Dandeun road (commonly cfid the three chain road), in 1853, 185, ad 1855, A similar return of all sums expended on Morning ton during the same yer. n sccount of the proceeds of land sold on the Dandenong road during the se period. An acount of theprooeeds of land sales in Morington during the usme period. Mr. Gaz.T gave notice, that on Tuesday he would bring in a bill relating to the d ministration ofjustice. The motion standing in the name of Mr CaIY feo was postponed till Tuesday. "To:ak the Chief ecretr the reason why cer tain rules of the Local Court at Beehworth, sub mitted for the approval of the Government were disallowed by letter from the Assstant Colonial ecretry dated 23th December last, on aecount or the d "lumping" and " shepherding" havin been used in framing neb rules, while on the 3d o October last rules o another Lssal Court contain ing the same phrseaiogy wern pblthed in the Government Gaetts a anetaoned by theovern. ment." Mr PrI, pursuant to notice, moved, "That in the opinion of this House it is desirable that (in accordance with the recommendations of the commission appointed to inquire into the state of the gold-fields) the document termed the miner's right should be composed of parch. ment and entitle the holder to the free use of the escort." The Cosmsssionszor TzaDE AND CUSTros, a an amendment, moved the omission of the portian referring to remission of escort fee. It was clear that thte recommendations of the Commission of Enquiry regarding the goldfields did not recommend or contemplate giving free use of the escort to holders of Miners' Rights, as stated in the motion; but the recommendations distinctly stated that all gold at the mines in tended for exportation should be conveyed free of charge, and on such recommendation the House had framed and passed the Gold Export Act, which it would be necessary to amend if the motion was tarried in its entirety. The question was put and the amendment carried. Mr Humra?A, pursuant to notice, moved that an address be presented to his Excellency the Officer admininistring the Government, praying that his Excellency will cause to be laid oa the table copies of all correspondence with the Government relative to thejumping of a quartz claim occupied by Merfa. Syme and Co., of Mount Egerton, including the corres pondence with the Resideat Warden and Mr Lane,$ the local magistrate, together with the opmaion of the Law Officers of the Crown re specting the same. Agreed to. Mr K aNIHT, pursuant to notice, moved that an address be presented to his Excellency the 0fficer administering the Government, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause a complete Survey of the Coast from Cape Otway to Lady Bay to be made. The SoUavBoa-GENERAL moved, as an amendment, that an address be prepared and transmitted to the British Government request ing it to undertake a general survey of the Coast, towards the expenses of which this colony would contribute. The amendment was adopted. Mr MI. La, pursuant to notice, moved that the Collingwood Bridge Company's Bill be now read a second time. Passed, and House went into' Committee. Its further consideration was postponed till Tuesday. ODERas OF THE DAY. CocMON LAW PRACTICE BII.L.-To be further considered in committee. Several clauses were passed in Committee, and the further consideration of the remainder post poned till Tuesday. The second reading of the THISTr Bill was fixed'for Tuesday. GlRAT roR PonLic Woasrrs AcT BxPEAL Bni -Secoad reading. FASSa?ru a ATr. AmaMaxXzY BILL Iscond reading. Both bills were read asecond time. ESTIMATr S ro l1856-To ,be farther c sideril in Committee. ; Postponed till Wednesday -. - AUInsTRlTno .or miica ACT AUrmo aNT BILLe.Seoond sreding.. Postponed tillWedneday. VOLaUNTR sCOX rA coInsidrU o BIoL' . Veeo TAd oeft..-C Thebllll was iead a seoodoi "amCnmai t ro fo.rm , and its further oonsideration poet. podls till Tuesday.d ^A UGlowd &h;# »gshag MA t0@ B19 d QIIw a Tim statement of.the Colonial Treasurer, on the fianial position of the colony, is falr" and simple. There is nothing in it of statesman ship, but there is an absence of all pretence to that quality, and a business-like, plain style pervading the whole that smacks of honesty. There is a deficiency to be met whiehmustbemet. All Governments run into debt as much as possi ble. Some Governments devise means of extrica tion. Others take an easier prices., and trust to Providence. Victoria adopts the latter, and as there is always a balance from some depart ment or other, and revenue is continually flow ing in, such balance can be looked to to meet whatever may arise. Certain liabilities ought to be paid off; but possibly payment may be deferred; and if so, credit for that amount may be taken for a time. Government may have estimated Customs' revenue at a very low figure; admitting the possibility, the next step is to assume its probability, which is another step to make it a fact, which is then assumed, and the deficit is lowered. At one time according to figures, there is a deficit of £164,000, which a few minutes afterwards is got rid of, and, by some transpositions, it is demonstrated that the revenue will be in excess of the expendi ture. And this, exclaims the reader, is fair and simple-and praiseworthy; to which we answer-Yea I so far as those absolute qualities can be applied to Government account-, of a Victorian Government. Mr Sladen will do his best, that we do believe. If he be no conjuror, he is no mountebank; and if the estimates be not doctored, we would prefer them as they are, to a skilful preparation of them. But there is one subject not adverted to-which will affect the revenue more than any other item,-that is the Land, which is set down at £755,000. Again, there are Publicans' Licenses, and Transfers estimated at L120,000, dependent on the fate of the amended bill now before the House. The sum set down for steam postal communica tion at L50,000 in the expenditure, has been since reduced to L25,000, on account of recent dispatches received from England, the contents of which render it possible that steam postal communication will not be established whilst tile swar lasts, so the whole sum might be safely excised from the expenditure for 1856. Other items have been fully entered upon before; and whilst doubting if the year current will terminate so favourably to the Government re venue as prefigured by Mr Sladen, still there is a prospect of improvement. But the system mast be revised before permanent good can come of it. ELgCTIro of Councillor for Villamanta Ward, vice Lang retired.-The poll was opened at 9 am. yesterday; the voting was as follows: So'clock Maon...... 11 antes ... s 11 o'clock f Msont.. 3. Nantces 1... 12 o'clock f Maun...... 1 4 o'clock as..... 1 i Nantes ... 51 The poll closed at 4 s.m. with amajority of 115 votes in favor of Mr Peter Mason, who was there upon declared duly elected to represent the bur gesses of Villamanta Ward in the Town Council of Geelong. Erratum.-The 1290 acres on the River Werribee, sold by Messrs Ogilvie and Robinson, brought L.5 15s per acre, not L.2 15s as stated. MUSICAL ESTERTAIN3SENST.-- The Mu sical Entertainment which was to have been given at the St Paul's School Room, in La Trobe Ter race, on Thursday evening, was postpaned, in consequence of the rain,to Monday evening net, when it is to be hoped that more propitious atmospheric phenomena may prevail. Tows IPxroxraex Ts.-We have within the past few days become acquainted with circum stances which indicate a tendency amongst our townspeople to initiate improvemnts of some extent in business premises and private dwellings. One architect from Melbourne, who recently paid us a flyi visit, was rewarded with some orders of considerable magnitude. Amongst the sires which have been elected for the erection of a superior class of buildings, we believe we may mention that portion of Yar-stretbetbtween Southey's Hotel and Little Malop-street, where it is pro posed to place a very neatly designed estabhsh ment adapted to the drapery trade. We have sees the desia of this building, and can safely say that its aubsutution for the present woodenbuildings in the locality in question will be a great improve ment. AcCIDENT.-We regret to state that iMr Boney, the police magistrate, on returning home on Wednesday evening, ran foul of a stump in the road, and was thrown out of his converance, meet ing with a severe bruise upon one of his knees, which has rendered him unable to attend his public duties since. INSOLV?.ST Count.--The following meet ings will be held next week-Monday, 11th Feb ruary, inst., It am., John Hanlon Knipe, second meeting 11.30. am., Charles Cutts, second meeting 12 noon, John Frimell, second meeting ; 12-30. pm.. Joseph Tat, first meeting; 1 p.m., Frederick Charles Hebert. special meeting. Tuesday. 12th February, inst., 11 a.m., Pringle and Lewis second meeting; 11.30. am., Elexius Sheldon Woodin, third meeting; 11.40. a.m., William Bourton Whittlesee, first meeting 12 noon. Henry Rose, first meeting ; 12.15. p.m., John Walkey. first and only meeting.-Wednes day, 13th February. int., 11 a.m., Frederick George Bailey, certificate meeting; 11.15. a.m., Joseph McCarthy, certificate meetinmg. Ox GOOD EEDING.-A good cook were society properly enlightened, would rank high as a physician, and the preparatios of a meal become respneted duty. Deep are the mysteries of the " cuisine." vast the difference between the common greasy stew, and the steaming artistique combina tion of delicacies that salutes the olfactory and delights the palate. Ascetics or men with ostrich digestions, men who would munch a carrot, devour fat beef, greasy mutton. "ndjunks of damper, may difler with us, and smile at the epicureanism and intense. pleasure derived from theactive, deli berate trituration employed, and intense gusto aris ing from the expressed asparagus, suffusing the palate with delicious juices ; may regard as efl'emi nate the treatment of meats by anymode but the vile pot, the barbarous frying-pan, or the roasting- jack as unnecessary. There are men sunken so low and withappetitesoo depraved, that they cannot distingulsh between the flavor of a rump steak fried, and a rump- steak grilled. It is a lamentable fact, a sheer want of taste. Let us raise the cook to his proper dignity, and defer to the ladle as to a diploma, and then we shall etradi ate Itmtose that accepts equally, brocoli fol cauciflnwer, onfounds "soupe a la Jutli" with "soupe sla Jardiniere," and cannot discemrn calli msah from callipee. Great cook., thou minister of bodily comforts, sustainer of the vital fluid and alimenter of life, what multitudes of ailments could'st thou prevent if properly encouraged. Bile and jaundlice, and indigesion would vanish, and the sale of pills cease. lEliminator of juices redolent of flavor, and divested of grossness, had thy art, and powers of manipulation, been duly regrededr--hat misfortunes might have been avolded, --aye, and political revulsions . saved. Broken appointments, bad speculations, torture of ntind and body may be trsaable to a globule of fat, or an incautiously devoured a slice of under done. Was not the obstinaney of. Oeorsee the Third traceable to his daily devourings of legs of mutton-and was not the national debt enormously increased through the mutton propensities of the saume monarch. Had George Rex been a 'gourmet," the generous inflaence of good living_ would have caused him to revolt at the slaughter he encouraged, and would have saved England millions. load cookery was the cause of Naps leon's overthrowhis mighty intellect fell under a basin of ?ra?y. soup. Depend upon it that mentality is mflueneod.by food, and the delicacy of eeption of the beautiful, or the abstruse Is difiirentin the man who devour a gross chop, and he who p?rtakes of a" eatelette a s mralntenon." Imbued with these ~sd truths, the philan tropist will regard wtnh thanfulnes the good things daily supplied at our "hostelries" to tire deninens of Geelong.-Mark the distinetios be tween the " Goumand" and the " Gourmet,"-. we advocate the lntter. The gourmet is a tem perte man, imbued with fine amculties of appre ciating the beautiful in eating or drinklng,-the goumud is lan excessive partaker of1 good things, and by no means an admirable character In eneral. Gourmets are on the increase. riELANS5COLY OccuaENCEc.-The Inver ness Courier has the following :--We regret to announce the deahofthe Hen. Mrs Mnthesat, wife of our burgh member, MIr Matheson of Ardrss, under very painful and distressing etl cimstannes. It appears that Mrs Mathenso left the house at Inverlnate, on Mr Matheson's pro perty r 1,ochalth (where the family was residing), err on lSunday morning last, in order that she It walk leisurely to church and saunter along the picturesque coast by the way. She did not aPear at church, and no returning to Inverinate, t alrm .wu given and rareh made in the nei hbourhood, but without effect. Early nest moring. however, as Dr .l'ean was apdroaching nLmr ate, he obseraved a bonnet and eIl on the wa, an furthe searh having been made, the bod-y he unfrut?OtitU lady was found in the sea climd to enjoy the fno e wewl .oflochich which It s. lieMarha 55 5wU ast-.AdraO, but ,-. Th ms enls ol y' event ha oecesloned th-e deees smpa and regret over the whole north, The deceiasedlady wa sister to the late Lord Beaumontt wan maried in 1803 to M, athahcon, and hts two ehldu,.teyoungest ony a fw. WmPlh ed,-yItnD I C-satQr. T- aHATr .-It was almost painful last even- a ng to atch the attempt on the part of really good , actors to make something brilliant out of such a mas of insipidity as the "Drama" of the Rob- at bet's Wife. nMr Chapman did his best to make a smart rascal of a very stupid rogue, and Mlr. Ramsay as Lary Ogry was thoroughly Irish and t energetic, and did the shillelagh twirl with all due B effect; but it was all to no purpose, and even Mlr It Simmons as Sawney could not make the whole p thing less Sawneyfied. The ballet, however, re deemed all; the scenery was very good, and the a performance altogether very clever and pretty. p. All the dances were much applauded, and the ghost scene ene enacted by the two essrs Chambers caused especial amusement. Many a "Father Hamlet" might take a useful hint from Henri in this ballet of the " Ghost of the Village." The q Backus Minstrels are announced to make their c appearance on Tuesday next. Meanwhile, the d programme continues attractive, and the per- a formances deserve better support than the thin m houses of the last two nights can have afforded. Mr J M Wolfe and Air Charles Walsh will ap pear this evening. a Tlrr GEELONG RACEs.-l'Ve are glad to a perceive by a notification in our advertising columns that measures are about being taken to get up a race meeting at an early date. We do not require to know that this sport, which has long formed a distinc.'ve character in British commu nities, tends to the material advantage of the coun try, in order to regard it with favour. As a t healthful, manly, and thoroughly English source Ii of recreation, it possesses sufficient claims to ensure n our support. The Derby day in the old country, si notwithstanding all the scope which it affords to pickpockets and thimble-rig men and rogues, and I vagabonds of various grades, is stilla great day for England. To many thousands hard-toiling, never resting Londoners, it is like the feast of lanterns to the population of China-the solitar oasis in the desert of the year. Many upon that agle day inhale more fresh air than in the remaining three hundred and sixty-four, and lay up in their minds i a recollection of enjoyment which affords many a pleasant hour afterwards. The veriest drudge in y the great metropolis is linked by his Epsom ex- n periences to the sporting world,and tastes some- t what of the pleasuresof high life as he stakeshis , half crowns upon his favorite, or the field, as the t case may be. His Grace's footman participates t1 for a time in his nob'e master's pursuits, and watches with equal excitement the contest which a compres-es within the limits of some brief moments the anxieties of a year. Nor are more harmless 8 means of enjoyment wantang for those who find is pleasure in them, as we trust most of our readers can do. Let us therefore by all means make the best ofour miniature Derby day; and if any of us should have cause to regret our part in the mat- b ter, we must only console ourselves with the - reflection that any drawback onour pleasure must have been swing to ourselves. THE ESCORTs.-We learn by electric tele graph from ,Melbourne that the quantity of gold received by escort, inclusive of Ballarat. is 42,630 ozs. Cash, £28,844. THE MELBOUBRNE HUMANE SOCIETT.- i It occurred to us some time ago to inquire into the meaning of the item "' Humane Society," charged under" GasNTs IN AID" at £200 on the revenue of the colony. An article in the Argus yesterday, entitled " Brute Emancipation." re leering to a police case, introduces Mr Le Soue's name, and something about a Humane Society. This looks very suspicious, coming out just as t the Estimates are coming on. .'hat is this Humane Society ? To waom is the £200 paid ? If the Humane Society of Melbourne be what it pretends to be by its title why does it make a charge on the public revenue for its support? Humanity surely does not require State aid. Com miseration for brutes might be on the voluntary principle; or, if it be a government paid society, avow at openly, and dismiss the hypocritical twaddle about " services of a needful, but underrated kind." If four pounds a week be paid to a secretary to prosecute brutes for maltreating brutes, let the secretary do it; but, let it be known that he is paid out of the public revenue for doing the duty of an ordinary policeman. If private societies parade themselves as humane they night be just, but to charge benevolence on the revenue, outvies worship of the Almighty Dollar. MIORAVIAN .IIxssto. TO THIE ABORIGINES. -When this item is brought on it is to be hoped that some member will make inquiry into the in stitution, aim, authority for instituting it, when introduced, by whom, and at whose instigation £500 has been placed on the Estimates for its support. THE HERALD AND MRa O'SnAA*ssY.-A sweeping attack on Mr O'Shanassy appeared in yesterday's Herald, charging that gentleman with implications and collusive ails, which must evoke reply. Certain of the digging members are overtly called in question, in language that cannot be mistaken, nor passed over, if there be manlines in the world. MIADAltE CAILLY.-It is a matter for sincere regret that the very recent arrival of Madame Cailly, and the inopportune closure of the opera season, should have so seriously curtailed theop portunities of listening to the vocal performances of this gifted artiste. What Melbourne is about to lose, however, Geeleng is to gain, and we con gratulate the inhabitants of that town on the acquisition of a musician and vocalist of thehighest order. During the short time Madame Cailly has been here she has taken part in the production of Norms, the Barber of Seville, Paer's operatic sketch of the Chapel IMaster. &c.;, with such success as to have ensured the certainty of her becaming a prime favorite with the Melbourne public. We learn that Madame Cailly will be assisted by Ml.M. Coulon and Barre, whose im personations in the same operas scarcely leave any, thing to be desired.-Age. GEELONG INFIRMARY AND BENEVO LENT ASYLUM: In-patients remaining 31st. Januaryfi7 ,, admitted since ............... 9 71 discharged .........7 died ..................... 1 \- 8 Remaining 7th February,.... ............ [ADvERTnESENTr.1-Attention.is requested to the unreserved sale of the Nugget Hotel, on the Melbourne Road, and between the residence of J. F. Strachan. Esq., M.L.C., and J. 3yles, Esq., M.L.C. The sale will take place this day, Saturday, at one o'clock, on the premises. Full particulars in advertising columns. Terms easy title pertect. J. B. Hutton, auctioneer: [ADVERTISMENT, - LAND. - Land for everybody.-Davison, Macdonald and Co. I will sell by auction. on the ground, on Monday first, the 11th iast, at one o'clock, r at the foot of Manifold's Vineyard, New Town Hill, nearly the whole of the unsold allot I ment in the Kilkenny Estate, (see advertising columns). Conveyances to purchasers of L.25 and upwards will be furnished at a cost not exceeding £3. 10s, including registration. 