DI^L^TTr^?^ THE government, AND DUTI OF THE OPPOSITION. ' hen the Devil was sick, The Devil a saint would be : But when the Devil got well The Devil a saint was Ire !' To be br not to be V' That is the ques tion whicn now acritates tlia Onvnrmn.nf. shape our creed to suit the tunes ? Shall the Bavrabool Hills stand 'where they were, or shall cheap Jolui pound them into a popular programme?' Unless they are greatly belied by their own friends, tlie Government have de termined to throw their own principles over board and go with the tide. Their old clothes are to be cast aside ; and they are to be rigged out in a new ready-made suit obtained under rather equivocal circumstances from their neighbor's wardrobe. Their case is precisely that of the Jack-daw in borrowed feathers ; and unless mankind have greatly changed since tlie time of jEsop, their fate is foreshadowed in that instructive apologue. 'We, of course, go upon the hypothesis that what everybody says must have some truth in it ; and, as we hear it on all hands that the Government will go greater lengths than the Opposition iu courting popular favor, it is reasonable to conclude that there is some foundation for a belief so prevalent in political circles. The Government organ chuckles over the defection of popular progrannnists from the Opposition ranks, but is indignant at the imputation of corruption. How then does it account for the defection upon which it spe culates with so much certainty as to tabulate it in the most imposing form of statistical in formation 1 The popular programmists must have men amongst them who have either yielded to corruption, or abandoned their prin ciples j or the Government have abandoned theirs. One or other of these conclusions must be correct ; and the most charitable of them is tho last. 'VYe fear, indeed, that tliey are all capable of a certain amount of substantiation ; and nothing is more sus picious on that head than the indignant dis claimer of our contemporary, couplcd with the confident manner in which it announces the exact number who will support the Govern ment on a trial of strength. Does it but guess, or is it in possession of ' exclusive informa tion ' .? If the former, then is the wish father to the thought % If the latter, liow comes it that tlie Government have the precise informa tion to communicate ? Has Mr Duncan Longden, in order to do something for his three guineas per diem, been taking a census of the Govern ment members ? Or is it merely in the gamb ling sense that their books are made up i Whichever it is, there is one book which neither our contemporary nor the Government seem to have referred to, and that is the book of public opinion, on the first page of which they will find it written, ' Thou can'st not dupe the people of Victoria.' The long and the short of it is, that if the country distrusted the family oli garchy as avowed obstructionists, much more will it distrust them as professed reformers. The people feared Air Stawell as an angel of darkness : they will be somewhat suspicious of him as an angel of light. We have a good authority for stating that it required his six colleagues in the cabinet to keep him out of mischief in tho former capacity : it will take the whole sixty in the legislature to watch his movements in the latter. No confidence can be placed in men whose lino of action or of policy is opposed to the known current of their actual opinions. They may obey a temporary necessity ; but neces sity is a hated master from whom they will revolt at the first opportunity. If they adopt the popular programme, we shall be glad to have their support in making it law. We shall be glad to sec the Opposition and the Government united in carrying mea suresjwhich, under other circumstances, might not be carried at all. Nevertheless, in order to achieve this very result, the Opposition must stand sternly by their principles ; and the people must rely for success upon those whose support of these principles is not a shift of expediency, but the result of a long, tried, and stedfast attachment to the cause of progress and reform. ' ? vows made in pain, Ease would rccant as violent nnd void.' The dilemma of the Government indicates the duty of the Opposition. If the programme of reform should be adopted under the com pulsion of the cudgel, we must take care that the cudgel to whose awe the concession, is made, loses none of its weight and potency. Whattever is gained by the sword will be lost if the sword be thrown away. In other words, to get any good out of Her Majesty's Government, there must be unity, strength, and purpose in Her Majesty's Opposition. Whoever objects to the organisation of an effective Op position proclaims himself, ipso, facto, the enemy of good government and the friend of corrup tion. Moreover, if the strength of the Oppo sition forces tlio surrender of reform, that strength must be maintained unbroken in order to command the full effect of the desired reform. Those who are now desirous of organising that Opposition, may have many prejudices to con tend against, and may render their actions liable to misconstruction (which only time caii remove ;) but unquestionably, their conduct is compatible with, the purest motives and the noblest spirit of disinterested patriotism. W/i therefore, we are willing to accept whafr measures of reform the present go ven/nt arc prepared to offer, we repudiate all ^npathy -with the ' fair trial' gentlemen. Incepting the promised measures, we shall ha'greater distrust than ever of the altered men. Tpe ' wise as serpents,' is necessary even for iii of the most apostolic mould, much more f men who take part in political action. We, Irefore, in this case, [commend the policy | the snake in the fable, who, having been ounded by the hatchet of a woodcut /r with whom he lived, moved himseit Iff, saying, in answer to the man's promises of fetter behavior, that what he professed might ?e all very true, but he had made up his mind lot to live with a mnjiJ,;^p. ,kept . Jiatchet. laving had experience of the Government latchet, we are against any further trial of heir house. Such a trial of its quality — as he people have had already is surely quite jnough for them. We say this ' without pre judice' to the prudential policy we have before irged. Mr Stawell's promises of bettor behavior luring the election no doubt made a great im pression upon some ' well-meaning' people. The fatted calf is killed for the prodigal son, while no fuss is made about the son who had never been a prodigal at all. But we have no faith in his penitence, aud still less in the sin cerity of liis alleged conversion to liberal prin ciples. Shall we trust the advancing steps of Reform to the guidance of the hand that would have strangled it in the cradle ? If he designs the adoption of those principles which he has hitherto characterised and resisted as mis chievous, to what miraculous influence is the conversion to be attributed 1 Is it unfair to recognise here the miracle of the loaves and fishes ? What would be said of his opponents under similar circumstances? — — j — nrinn.inles were the help you to the fruit.' He will — so say his trusty and well-beloved Janeissaries — give us liberal measures — of. what? — of what by liis own showing is jioisoii / . No man was ever cramped in so close a ? dilemma. Again we ask, what prodigy has converted him ? — what thunder from a serene sky ? — what warning spirit ? It needs no ghost to tell it was the love of officc — the lust of power. There be those who love to seek office ; and there be those who love to keep it. There be, iu the peculiar phraseology of a contemporary, ' uncompromising place-seekers,' and there be ' uncompromising ' place-keepers. There be those who trim to manage the one object ; and there be those who trim to manage the other. The sum of our current political morality is this : to be ' in ' is a virtue — to be ' out ' is a crime. What a temptation to ' Scamps ' — who wish to be virtuous .and respectable on cheap and easy terms. 