How to Open Oysters without a Knife.-—"Oysters there are in Ceylon; /but here, alas! there is a sad falling off in the comparison of our well-rememhered 'native.' Instead of the neat little shell of the English oyster, the Ceylon species .'is; a shapeless, twisted, notty, rocky look ing creature, such as a legitimate oyster would be in a fit of spasms or convulsions. In fact there is no vestige of the tine breed about it, and the want of flavor equals its miserable exterior. There are few positions more tantalizing to a hungry man than that of being surrounded by oysters, without a knife. It is an obsti nate and perverse wretch that will not ac comodate itself to man's appetite, and it requires a forcible attack to vanquish it; so that every oyster eaten is an individual •. murder in which the cold steel has been plunged into its vitals, and the animal finds itself swallowed before it has quite made up its mind that it has been opened. But take away the knife, and see how vain is the attempt to force the stronghold. How utterly useless is the oyster; yoii may turn it over and over, and look for a j weak place, but there is no admittance: j you may knock it with a stone, but the | knock will be unanswered. How would you open such a creature without a knife ? This was one of the many thing's that had never occurred to me until one day-when I found myself with some three or four • friends ancl a few boatmen on a little is land, or rather a rock about a mile from the shore. This rock was rich in the' spasmodic kind of oyster, large detached masses of which lay just beneath the wa ter, in lumps of some hundredweight each, which had been formed by the oysters .clustering and adhering together. It so happened that our party were unani mous in the love of these creatures, and we accordingly exerted ourselves to roll out of the water a large mass; which having accomplished, we discovered to our dismay, that nothing but one penknife was possessed amongst us. This we knew was a.useless weapon against such armour; however, in our endeavors to perform im possibilities, we tickled the oyster and broke the knife. After gazing for some time in blank despair at our useless prize, /a bright thought struck one of the party, and drawing his ramrod lie began to screw it into the weakest part of an oyster; this, however, was proof, and the ramrod broke. Stupid .enough' it. may appear, but it was full a quarter of an hour before any of us : thought of a successful plan of attack. I noticed a lot of drift timber scattered upon the island, and then the right idea was hit. We gathered the wood which was bleach ed and dry, and we piled it a few feet to windward of the mass of oysters. Strik ing a light with a cap and some powder, we lit the pile. It blazed, and the wind blew the heat strong upon the oysters, which accordingly began to squeak and hiss, until one by one they gave up the ghost, and, opening their shells, exposed their delightfully roasted bodies, which were eaten forthwith." 