DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. THE IPSWICH HOSPITAL MEETING. (From a Correspondent ) HAVING chanced to see in the North Australian of Tuesday, the 15th inst., that there would be a meeting of Householders, at 5 o'clock of that day, to consider the propriety of establishing a Public Hospital at Ipswich, I attended, and found about two dozen persons present, including the consta- bles. Mr. MACALISTER moved, and Mr. W. GRAY seconded the motion, that Colonel GRAY be in- vited to take the chair. Which having been done, the Colonel introduced the business by ac- counting for the very small attendance of house- holders by the circumstance of the shortness of notice, and expressed his opinion that if the no- tice had been longer, the room would have been insufficient to contain the assemblage; and then recommended the establishment of an Hospital as an Institution, which had now become necessary in consequence of the increase of population, and the inconvenience and obstacles experienced in sending our poor sick persons to Brisbane Hospital. He enumerated several sources of funds which would be applicable to the support of an Hospital at Ipswich, beside that of private liberality, and mentioned that a memorial had been forwarded in January last to the Government, praying for a grant of land to be used as the site for the pro- posed building, which memorial he was assurred would ere long be favourably answered, and con- cluded by saying that he would aid as far as lay in his power the object of the meeting. Letters from Messrs. Panton and R. J. Smith were then read, each expressing satisfaction at the prospect of the establishment of the Hospital and the latter requesting that his name be put on the list of subscriptions for £10 10s. Mr. FAIRCLOTH rose to propose the first reso- lution, and said he would not have come forward if the objects of the meeting had been political, but as it was in the cause of charity, he came for- ward to assist in the establishment of an Hospital, which was so much needed for the labouring classes who were not so provident as they ought to be, but should nevertheless be assisted with such advantages as an Hospital here would afford. In proof of the necessity of the Institution Mr. Faircloth related a case which came within his experience about eighteen months ago when a poor man was hurt by a dray about five miles from the town ; the medical men were applied to, none of them would go to the poor man because he had no money—that time was lost in trying to pro- cure an order on Brisbane Hospital ; he Mr. Fair, cloth having exhausted his right of recommenda- tion, and that the man died by the way or on his arrival, and after this telling tale of the inhuma- nity of the medical men only eighteen months ago, closed with the not altogether logical although "complimentary assertion," that he had not the slightest doubt that they would now be happy to attend to the patients in the Hospital Gratis. Mr. Faircloth, after a reference to the probable sources of support, and some minor mat- ters, proposed, and Mr. W. Gray seconded, the first resolution :— "That the want of a Public Hospital at Ipswich having been long and much felt, the growing im- portance of that town, and the increasing popula- tion of the squatting districts beyond, demand that the establishment of such an institution should be no longer delayed." Dr. CUMMING addressed the chairman and esti- mated, that before the motion should be put, he was desirous of offering a few observations to the meet- ing-and began by alluding to the shortness of the notice, when Mr. Walter Gray burst forth with No, no, no—haw, haw, haw ! You've got as much notice as I had, and I'm sure I'm of as much importance as you ; I'm of more importance than you, haw, haw—you're a fool, a fool, hi, haw, haw. Dr. CUMMING requested the chairman. (Colonel Gray) to call Mr. Gray to "order," but instead of doing so, he muttered—"I don't see the use of the interruption ! Are the remarks you wish to make an amendment on the resolution!" Dr. CUMMING—No. But I consider it proper that they should be made. Colonel GRAY—They can be made after the motion has been put. Dr. CUMMING—Very well. Sir. The motion having been put and carried— Dr. CUMMING recommenced his observations as to the shortness of the notice, when Mr. Faircloth rose and said, that he had never stated that he was aware that a grant of land had been applied for previous to the meeting. Dr. CUMMING — Nor did I say you did ; but it was mentioned, and I stated that I had never heard of the application. Mr. WALTER GRAY, whose excitement he either did not wish, or had not the power to control, broke out again with his haw, haw, haw ! "What does it signify whether you knew it or not, you had as much notice as any of us, he, haw ! he, haw !'' accompanying his discourse with various appropriate deminstrations and gestures, which Col. Gray did not take notice of in the way of correction, but remarked, that " he did not see the use of the "interuption." The interruption being the attempt of a householder and member of the medical profession to speak about the hos- pital which he is expected to do duty au gratis, although the, profession is inhumane enough to decline to ride or walk five miles and back again to attend for poor charïty's sake a suffering fellow-creature without the request of a banker who has not charity or self-possession enough in a great emergency to recollect, that if Brisbane Hospital is far off, little papers called cheques, are lying on his own counter, by adhibiting his signature to which, any of the medical men would have rendered forthwith the needed assistance. A similar ? harowing tale is, somewhere told of a "Samaritan," »ho finding a man lying by the wayside hurt-" Poured wine and oil into his wounds, and set him on his own beast, and brought him to an inn, and took care of him. And on the morrow, when he departed, he took out two pence, and gave them to the host, (Doctor?) and said unto him, Take care of him ; and whatsoever thou spendest more, when I come again, I will repay thee, (with detraction ?) Go, and do thou likewise " The interruption I resume, being the attempt of the speaker to consider with the meeting the sub- ject on which he was called to meet and consider the propriety of, and it might be, to offer some better arguments to excite the sympathy and assistance of the public, than the inhumanity of the profes- sion which Mr. Failcloth calculated paradoxically on employing gratis, on his invitation to ''Come and be whipped gratis, for nothing, because I ! have $...> ->.,,-J - n.. -,. *_r_ u- -».»i. for CHARITY'S SAKE" When Col. Gray spoke of the interruption, a wag who favours every public assemblage with his jests, whether it be a "sale at auction," or a '' meeting of householders," call- ed for a vote of thanks to Dr. Cumming for at- tending the meeting, which proposal, like the funeral baked meats, did "coldly furnish forth the ghost of a laugh" to the audience, while the wag, waggishly sneaked out at the backdoor. And here it may not be either useless nor im- proper to remark, although it may be an " inter ruption" to my report, that as that wag has lately been christened the "father of Ipswich" by a great authority on the subject of the deriva- tion of names, and being now a " father in our Israel," he had better put away childish and pointless jesting in public, and demean him- self as becomes a "most grave and reverend Senior " of so large and increasing a family of (some of them very) rough jokers. But "to our tale." Mr. Jones moved the second resolu- tion, as to the appointment ot the Committee, which Dr. Cumming did not oppose, as incorrectly stated in the North Australian, but requested that his name should be " omitted from the list," which set Mr. W. Gray in extacies again - grinning and grimacing, he called out, "I'll se- cond that." However, the Colonel hesitated to accept of him as a seconder, when Dr. Cumming mentioned that he heard Mr. Gray second his motion, which was then necessarily put and car- ried, of course. After the third resolution had been passed, Mr. Walsh, solicitor, moved that the chairman should leave the chair, and that Mr. W. Gray be called upon to take it, which Dr. Cum- ming opposed with the remark, too true alas ! that it was superfluous to put him in the chair then, as Mr. Gray had been in it all the evening. Mr. Gray was, a little posed, but soon advanced to the charge again, shouting, "I will take the chair then, I'll take the chair," and rushed up to the bench, favouring Dr. Cumming with his opinion by the way to this effect : " Aye, Dootur Cumm, you'l never be in the chair ;" and when he did get into the chair and the vote of thanks was passed to Col. Gray (which the said Colonel did not deserve for his conduct in the chair was nei- ther correct nor impartial)-Mr.- Walsh again came forward and proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Walter Gray, which Dr. Cumming said he was not entitled to, as he had behaved during the meeting with the greatest rudeness and partisan- _ ship. The vote was, however, carried amid mer- riment and cheering, while Mr. Gray rose up, and with rolling eyes, and inflated visage, commenced. roaring at Dr. Cumming, and bullying with vio- lent gesticulations ; and when the Doctor request- ed him to desist, as he did not come to the meet- ing to argue with the chairman, he roared out "Argue with you-I'll argue with you anywhere. Come outside (threateningly) and I'll argue with you ;"-and so saying, he rushed out of the room, and the meeting broke up amid the merriment of the persons assembled. These proceedings have not contributed to re- lieve the character of our town, or at least of some of its inhabitants, from rudeness and thorough- going eliqueism, The inaugaral meeting might have been con- ducted with a " little more" decorum and fair play, not to sneak of consideration and good tase. I believe that Dr. Cumming had good and sufficient reason for adopting the course which he took, and at all events the rude conduct of some of the chief promoters of the institution, shows what kind o bear-garden tbe Committee ist likely to be, and the kind of slavery which he vvould have had to submit to in exercising his profession in favpor of our poor patients under the patronage of the Com- mittee, when it had exercised its power of adding to its number the polite " Csar of all the Ipswiches, Little and Great,'' and one or two others of that stamp. Dr. Cumming is not such a fool as to walk into that trap, and can perhaps afford to "bide his time." As to Mr. Gray's prophecy that Dr. Cumming will never be In the "Chair," it may be remarked, that the wish was father to the prophecy; but such progeny, do not always thrive. Prophecy is a dangerous article, to deal in. I have more faith in " Murphy" than Gray pinioned prophets. It is to be hoped that Dr. Cumming will never be in such a chair, or earn such votes of thanks as were voted at the Ipswich Court-house on the 15th of April, 1856. Colonel Gray may sometime or other understand the meaning and value of the great John Milton's words--"This is true liberty- when freeborn men, (householders ?) having to advise the public may speak free."-And both chairmen may yet attend meetings where votes of thanks are not so cut and dry as these were, and not of the Gray colour, and where Mr. W. Gray's self-importance may be weighed in different, and not so clumsy scales as those of the wharf-or store. Have political and party objects and feelings, and a determination to oppose Brisbane in all haste, and at all hazards, and to see or hear no- thing that may for one moment seem to be in our way, no influence here? it such be the feelings of some of us-it may perhaps moderate our self- portence and make our charity yet more cbaritable to try over two or three times the following read- ings of a passage not unknpwn to some of us - " He who builds a church to God (an hospital to charity) And not for fame (and not for spite.)" DRAYTON (From our Correspondent.) THURSDAY, APRIL 18 -The following is the posi- tion of the two candidates for tbe Clarence and Darling Downs, as far as is known to me. No return has yet been received from the Clarence and Richmond, but, as these districts are known to be favourable to Clark Irving, the return of that gentleman is beyond a doubt. In the mean time our little town has settled down to its usual quietness ; the flags are struck, and those who have been political enemies for the last month or two, now meet again as friends. I have not yet heard what day has been fixed for deciding the suceessful candidate. The following is the ac- count :- ........C Irving. C. J. Mackenzie. Warwick....... 37 ..... 5 Drayton........ 35 ..... 27 Dalby .......... 6 ...... 34 Wambe ....... 2 ...... 11 Callandoon .. 2 ...... 12 Canal Creek . 5 ...... 8 .........87 .........97 THE LIGHI HOUSE AT CAPE MORETON. -We stated some since, on what we considered most un- questionable authority, that the Government had decided upon accepting the tender of our towns- man, Mr. Petrie for the erection of the Light House at Cape Moreton. the source whence we derived our information appeared to us so reliable that the well grounded suspicions we generally entertain of the faithlessness of the government were for the moment lulled, and we thought that for once, it would act towards this district with goodwill, and in consideration of our just claim to have our own townsmen employed in effecting our local improvements, the powers that he had resol- ved upon placing the works in the hands of a gen- tleman president in the district, and one, too, who is well known to the government as possessing every qualification to carry on the work in a most eficient and satisfactory manner. We have just learn- ed from Mr. Petrie that he has received an official no- tification that his tender was not accepted. We are still of opinions that, at the time we published the paragraph relating to this matter, it was the in- tention of goveinment to give the tender to Mr Petrie. When the lnformation was given to the gentleman who communicated it to us, the autho- rities had just considered the tenders, and arrived at whst they considered no doubt a just conclusion. But not having made any formal decision, the in- formation communicated to us probably reached the ears of some of the Sydney competitors also, who could most likely adduce SATISFACTRY, rea- sons to induce the parties in whom the power was vested to give the contract to a Sydney man. We do not say that unfair means were used by any of the gentlemen that tendered for the building, but it seems to us inexplicable that the government hav- ing once decided on a certain tender should change its mind and reject it. It will, we think, be within the province of our representitives to see that the government fail not to see the terms of the contract fairly carried out ; and we shall not neglect once the works are commenced, to advise them from time to time of the progress making. TITLE DEEDS.-The deeds specified as under have been transmitted to the Surveyor General to be forwarded to the Colonial Treasurer for delivery to the grantees :-Town Lots--Richard Burnett, Warwick, 2 roods ; Wm. Craig, do, 2r 10p ; Markus n»,.i»- ~ If . °- r, ', . u - > Brisbane, 36p ; F. E. Roberts, do, 5 lots, 36p each, Stephen Mehan, Drayton, 1r. Country Lots-Amelia Berkman, Merival, 1r 32p ; do, do, do , Moses Walmsley, Stanley, 3r 24p , John Carmody, Bris- bane, 60r ; Henry Dangar, Brisbane, 33r ; do, do, 52r ; do, do, 33r ; do, do J3r, do, do, 33r, do, do, 100r ; do, do, 42r, Michael Edwards, do, 42r. DAILY v. LEWIS.-A correspondent in Syd- ney writes as the Boomerang was leaving on Tues- day weel :-"The case of Mr. Jeremiah Daly of Moreton Bay, against Patrick Irwin, late of Cockatoo Island notoriety, has this afternoon been decided in the Supreme Court. Daly sued for the amount of a promisory note, purchase money of a house at Foprtitude Valley, and has recovered a verdict with £300 odd damages " SCHOOL OF ARTS LIBRARY - The recently elected President, W. A Duncan, Esq., has lately presented to the Library a valuable collection of Books. This is the third contribution of a similar nature, made to the library by this gentleman. DEBATING CLASS-SCHOOL OF ARTS.-The winter session opened on Mondayv evening last under favourible circumstances. The question discussed was "Has the Government of this colony done its duty to the aborigines ?" The President W. A. Duncan, Esq, occupied the chair. The Rev. W. Ridley opened the debate in the negative, and was supported in the discussion by Mr. Thos. Dowse and Mr. R. A. Kingsford. The affirmative was supported by Messrs. W. Brookes and J. Innes. The debate was adjourned till next night of meeting. BRISBANE GAOL.- State of the Gaol for the week ending 20th April. Prisoners committed for trial, 11 males ; sentenced to confinement without labour, 26 males and 2 females ; sen- tenced to hard labour, 11 males ; imprisoned in default of paying fine, 1 male ; of finding secu- rity to keep the peace, 1 male. Total-50 males, 2 females-52. PROPERTY SALE.-Mr. Alford sold, on Tuesday last at auction, Montpellier House and grounds, Kangaroo Point, to Capt. T. Collins, for the sum of £1600. 