DARLINGHURST NEW CHURCH.-LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. The interesting ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new church at Darlinghurst took place on Saturday Afternoon, in presence of a large and highly respectable ' assembly, including the Lord Bishop of Sydney, nearly all the city clergy, and the leading mem- bers ot the city, in tho Darlinghurst district. After engaging in the usual preliminary devotions, the stone was duly placed and fixed, the Bishop assist- ing, and afterwards pronouncing-" I lay this as the foundation and corner stone of a church, to be built in this place, to be named St. John the Evangelist's Church ; and to be set apart for the preaching of the pure Word of God, and administration of the Sacra- ments according to the order of the United Church of England and Ireland, in the name of the. Eather, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." After engaging in prayer, His LORDSHIP then Bpoke as follows :-My reverend brethren, especially Mr. Allwood and Mr. Hayden, and my friends of the laity, I congratulate you upon this happy commencement of a work so evidently necessary for this neighbourhood, and one fraught, as I trust and believe, with so many spiritual blessings for this increas- ing parish of Darlinghurst. Wo have this day laid tho first'stone of a building which will hereafter be dedi- cated to the service and worship of Almighty God, as the Churoh of the Evangelist St. John, and we have done this in a manner becoming so great an occasion, with prayer and praise. If in all our ways we are taught to acknowledge God, if whether we eat or drink we are to study His glory, there cannot surely be any impropriety, but much that is becoming and needful, in our acknowledgment that except the Lord build the house, in vain do we lay the founda- tion, and in vain will any hereafter build it. We con- fess that not in our own strength but in His, not for our own glory but for His, do we begin and carry on this work. If we had only followed the dictates of natural reason we should have done this, but we follow the example of holy men in all ages. It' he does well who lays the foundation of a house for himself and his children, with such an expression of his dependence upon God and acknowledgment of His goodness as prayer supposes, he surely is much moro strongly en- gaged to Buch an not of acknowledgment whose " end (in the quaint language of Hooker) is not to rear up a kitchen or a parlour for his own use, but the building of an house for the God of Heaven." We give to this Church the name of St. John the Evan- gelist, as well for the sake of distinction, as that we may keep in remembrance the love and zeal, the faith and patience, tho holy life, and the glorious immortality to which his doctrine and example invite us. On this day ' set apart, by the Churoh of England, for the continual remembrance of the disciple whom Jesus loved, giving to the churoh that name which is linked with so many hallowed associations, we commence this work in the hope that the blessed Gospel of St. John will always be ? preached within its walls-that the prayers which wo neither offer through him nor to him. bat . - to tho Father through the Son trill be heard and answered, and that multitudes wil be led by his example to follow the steps of his mos holy life ; to follow him as he followed Christ. Th< learned Hocker, when vindicating a ceremonial of this kind, and writing in an" age when many churches bad not been recently erected, says, " It cannot be laid te roany men's charge at this day living, that they have been so curious as trouble Bishops with placing the first stone of churohes to .be'built." I have nol been much "troubled" (to use his phraseology) with services of this kind since my arrival, but it is curious and may be,interesting to observe that this month is the first in which I have had an engagement of this nature, and that this is the third time in the present month that I have been so engaged. Tho first limo was in the bush near George's River, where a weatherboard building, which I assisted to commence by driving the first nail, is now rapidly approaching its completion, and will soon bs ready for the accommodation of a body oi worshippers who, for all practical purposes, had hitherto been deprived of the ordinances of religion. The second was in the fertile valley of the Hawkesbury, where, at Pitt Town, taking" the same name and under happy auspices, we laid tho first stone of a church, to be called St. John's, not less necessary for the settlers in that thriving district than creditable to the zeal and energy which has raised so largo a sum for the erection of the church. And now neither in the bush, nor in the cultivated agricultural district, but in this suburb of the city, which is in truth a part of the city itself, we are assembled for a similar purpose. In the first instance, tho Church Society gave large help ; in the second, the Government gave a grant Borne years ago which will partly help to build the church, and now as is becoming and practicable the people .who require the church will build it ; they for whoso benefit it is intended will supply the means by which this benefit is to be conferred. And in this voluntary effort I rejoioe. If any one lays hold upon this as proof that voluntary efforts can effect all that is required in religion, I reply that it by no moans proves this ; but it proves this, that tho reception of State aid does not paralyse the.energies of members of tho Church of England, and that they can, when the occasion demands it and the circumstances are befitting, make large and liberal voluntary efforts. I congratulate tho gentlemen whom I see around me upon their having made this begin- ning ; I congratulate the secretaries. Mr. Rae and Mr. Wise, and tho treasurer and committee, that they have begun this church, undeterred by tho proverbial difficul- ties which beset such an undertaking, undismayed by the largo amount of money still required. They have begun well, and I have no doubt of the result. They know their pastor and have confidence in bim; they know the liberality of the people of Sydney, and may well have confidence in them ; above all, they know that He in whose name and for whose sake they have commenced this work will bless their undertaking, and bring it to that pafe and happy issue which will be the best reward of their labours. That this may be vouch- safed to them is mjyjavnest heartfelt prayer. His Lordship then bestowed his blessing on the assembly, and the proceedings terminated. A pleasing feature in the assemblage was the presence of the boys and girls attending Darlinghurst School. The appearance of so many children showed the rapid increase in the population of the locality of late, and the necessity for an increase in the means of religious in- struction. The new church will consist of nave, aisles, chancel, tower, and spire at the west end, porch on north side of chancel. The following are the dimensions :-Extreme length, 120 feet; breadth, SO feet; height to roof nave, 40 feet; height of tower and spire, 110 feet. It will furnish 700 sittings, and provision is made in the plans for the subsequent erection of transepts, by which an additional 300 or 400 sittings may be obtained. The stylo chosen is that of the middle period of English church architecture, and judging from the drawings and plans exhibited, the church will, when completed, be an ornament to tho locality, and reflect credit on the J architects. _ 