KOSSUTH. Whatever .diSerence of opinion may exist with regard to tli£ character and mission of Kossuth, there can&ot;, we should think, be anv difference of ODinion as to bis natural genius and eloquence. We have occagionally ' published extraete from the remarkable speeches .of the Hungarian exile, and we think our readers will not be indisposed to peruse the following extract, explaining the reason why he was then making a tour of Great Britain and addressing popular audiences : — . ' 'There is something surpasiingly touching in my relations with the British people. When, with my nation, the advanced guard of Liberty had fallen, ia conscious self-sacrifice for Europe, that her fall should have created an intense in terest 13 but natural. The moral world has its magnetism, like as physical nature has. Some call its manifestations conscience— some, call them instinct. Call them as you choose, the heart of, mankind is its electric chain, often convey ing, in the sparks of a lively sympathy, a pre sentiment of the sad logic of human events. You have had some revelations of that inexo rable logic of events these last two years ; and the end is not yet The earthquake that pros trated my country shall have many a sad after vibratioa in future events. While the emotion of the fall of Hungary was yet fresh, one ray of the halo of her mufortune alighted on my own humble head, and it gave me a share in the sympathies of the British people — not by my own desert, but for my country's sake. Time, however, went on, fraught with, other sorrows, rich in new cares, and men had other things to do than cheer the solitary exile and thunder hurrahs of compassion for Hungary. Thank ful for the past, I accepted the present, such as it was, and sat silently down; in the retired shadow of my own obscurity. And, while thus sitting, malignity came and exclaimed in derision — 'Lo ! how the object of so many sympathies went down, like a stone in the water I' I have not felt offended at the remark. Time is a merciless dkenchanter : it deprives even mis fortune of its poetry.: (Cheers.) The Bccnt out lives theflo wer fora moment after its faded leaves fall to the ground, and the broken chordhangs already loose, when the echo of its dying har mony still vibrates -through the air. I had ray share m the scent and ia the echo r — what right had I to expect that, in my case, sym pathy should escape the icy fingers of the merci less disenchanter? I had no right to expect it; and when the cares of the father began to accumulate on the patriot's lasting afflictions, I said to the dear companion of my sorrows, 'We have rested our head on Albion's hospi table soil for nearly four years : let us be thank ful for it, and. carry our household gods to some distant shores.' Never have I coveted any glory; but the sad glory of Belizar— standing an object, first of commiseration, then of derision for- the passer-by — this glory have I dreaded. Had it depended on me, no mortal man would ever have heard this tale from mv lips. Be it fragility, be it virtue — one pride 1 have, one only in. all the recesses of my heart— and that is, that I am man enough to bear my. fate whatever it be. I have stood low in the vicissitudes of life. I know what it is to wield power at the head of a gallant nation, amidst dangers of awful historical grandeur; and I know what . it is to struggle for the mise rable Babaistence of tho next day ; but, humble as I am, thus much I dare say — prosperity and power never have dazzled my eyes— ad- versity and want never have bent my soul, nor ever shall. I take for my symbol the rock, not' melting in the blaze of. the tropical sun, not quaking under the fury of the dashing waves.; But the mysteries of the sacred domain of my domestic circumstances have oozed out some-; how; and the noble-minded Walter Savage Landor — (loud cheers) — the Briton -ivith the ancient Roman soul—the venerable -old tree,; Btill teeming! with rioh life— was left by the exuberance of his generous impulses to publish - a certain appeal, which I honour and respect, bnd fed.^rateful for, though, consistently With my Principles, I %1 bound to decline. Tfpon this, without waiting to know whether I iam' so presumptuous' as to sanction the plea, spine malignant remarks of venomous scpra happen to be poured -onmy head— and, lo! tile British people's great heart is seea Tevoltiag at the iaiquity; and the eve£fr*sh. sources of its liberal sympathy overflow in generous mani festations, «s sweet, as hearty, a3 general, as if the merciless disencbanfeeiy Time, n^ver had dimmed the halo my owuitry's honoured name once cast on my undeserving head.- j There is something sublime ai this revelation of a people's great heart.. Tours, amongst these widespread manifestations of sympathy^ has' a very high chum on my gratitude, ( for that ' enamel of noble delicacy with which you, coloured the pare gold of your liberality. Do you imagine that I do not under stand the real meaning of your1 invita- , tion ? Is =it for the very questionable pleasure of hearing the language of-Shakspeare outraged by my jolting accents, feat I hat«e %een invited? Certaidh not. Is it to hear-of principles 'from me ? Why shosld you want me to teach you principles? Or is it instruc tion — eloijsence-^-you come to hear? But there are men by scores in this very hall who can give.you a. nobler treat of both than fei the brightest moments t-f my inspirations ;I could have dreamed to impart. Ko, no! lander stand the meaning- of your invitation perfectly well, and can only regret that I cannot hope to offer you, in return for your kindness, snch satisfaction as you would be well entitled to , expetit. If my sorrows were but private sorrows — my grief private grief— your generous sym-j pathy might act on me like as the steel acts on iluat, when, with its electrifying contact, it calk forth the sparks that ky hidden within the cold stone. But upon these shoulders here, tkat begin to bend, the sorrows of ;& people are1 weighing. I am a tree, the roots of which are fer off, within the soil ef my native land. Show, me a field ia this country wherein i could hope: efficiently to serve my-ountry, anSI shall- call : from this cold stone those sparks wnich steeled, tlie-sinews'-of my people in crushing one Em peror and- braving the power of two. But this is no such occasion. The ice of despotism is not yet melting on the soil of my native land ; ' and, while that ice there remains, the tree here,' not dead, 'but sleeping, is leafless, and blossom-' less, and dry. To- day I 'stand ? before you per forming =a plain, honest labourer's work : as such, and nothing more, please- to accept me.' - In May last Kosauth delivered a lectureun' Newcastle-upon-Tyne on the resent Concordat) between Austria and the Pope, and on Pro-, testantism in Hungary. The ?Chairman was'r Mr. Mather, of SocthShields, whose son was.j a short time since, -so shamefully insulted and; maltreated by an Austrian officer. Before pro-! ceeding to the immediate subject of his lecture,' he delivered himself of the following exordium.^ — 'J feel very grateful to you, Mr. Chairman, ; for the kind and delicate attention which you have shown bj ysur introductory remarks,, giving me time; to.recover from the deep emo tions which the unexpectedly wcrm reeeptioa I have naefc with from the people of Newcastle could not fail to ? impart in my heart. (Ap plause^) When the fall of my poor country was yet fresh before the conscience of mankind, I should have understood those manifestations i of sympathy ; but new that that merciless dis- j enchanter, Time, fraught with great sorrows, and events, has dimmed the histre of my coun-j try's micfortune, and by depriving it of ite: novelty tas deprived it of its poetry, that Ij still should meet with such a reception, is a. fact which cannot fail to impress my heart : with deep emotions, .which I scarcely can find words to express. (Loed cheers.) .And, besides, there are several circumstances to increase the' interest which I. feel, in this my firsfeintercourss with the people of Newcastle. Sir, ^allow me, before all, to thank yon for coming.to take the' *chair on :tte present oecasion. Let^our mo desty not take offence. I know your noble benevolence and comprehensive liberality, but' really it. must have cost ^ou some resignation to consent to act this part, because it most bo painful to your feelings tobe reminded even of the existence of Austria. /(Laughter and ap plause.) — [M. Kossuth was here alludmg to the brutal conduct of an Austrian officer, a £evr years ago, to a aon of the Chairman.]— I can not iielp reminding you of it. Wherever S^rise befo*3 an assembly like this, ihe bloody appa rition of Austrian tyranny must rise by my side. (Loud applause.) Wherever a cheer of sympathy salutes the poor Hungarian exile, the curse of Austria finds an echo. (Laud ap plause.) Whoever blesses me curses Austria ; and wheevcr looks #n me must think of Austria. I, the ghost ef Banquo— Austria, the Macbeth-— thus do we stand before you. (Ap plause.) Sir, there is an affinity in our mutual .eircumstanees. I have had to grapple with the Souse of Austria. It has been the Goliah in .power, and I the poor shepherd boy ; but, ?strong in justice and rigkt, I have grappled with the Croli&h;, I have MS him lo?, I have traatpled upon him, and hud his power in the dust, and sent him to the footstool of the Czar, there to mendicate aid—to howl, x Help me, or I sink.' (Loud and prolonged applause.) You know, Sir, and all present know, what fury he has displayed against my magnanimous nation. It was an act of nameless shame — Fabtaff ^tabbing the body of the galjant Percy— (applause)— or the long-eared animal kicking the dying lioru (Renewed applause.) As to my f*mily, he has hunted my wife, the dear companion of my life; sick, brokenhearted, dying as she was— he has hunted her, up hill and down dale, ]£ke as the hounds hunt the deer. (Sensation.) My faithful servants, who each of them afforded glorious, examples of fidelity in theliour of trial, he has tortured to learn where the poor deer might have sheltered her head; and he has hunted up my infant children and driven them into his prisons— a boy of five years, a second not yet eight, and a girj six yeara of age — and has tortured them by Ion? cross-examinations, ia the hope that some inadvertent word of the child would betray the mother, and bring bis bloodhounds on the scent of the hunted deer. (Sensation^ and cries of f shame.') But the God of mercy has cast his shield over my wife. The humble hat of the village labourer, and the modest cottage of the artisaa, became the stronghold of her security; and the noble care of the: poor people's . great heart was to her, what the fabulous ring pf the fabled hero, which made him invisible, was said to have been to him. .She passed unseeu through the packs of bloodhounds surrounding her; and, thank God, she is , with. me-^(applause) — and all my children are with; me— (applause)— growing and thriving and saved. (Loud applause.) And when the patriot in the long agony of his grief seeks 'consolation in num bering the heads of his dear ones, not one is wanting of all his beloved one3. (Loud cheers.) I thank thee, 0 my God ! The worst has been averted by His mercy— let us be thankful for it. But, Sir, I sav again^ there is an affinity in our sentiments. The hand which I tender to you — [M» Kossuth here grasped the Chair man's hand]— is a pledge that if this hand of mine— £here he stretched forth Ma arm}— is ever allowed to corns to a settlement of ac counts with Austria, the recollection of your name, Sir, will weigh in that account. (Load and. prolonged applause.) But, ladies and gentlemen, our worthy Chairman is not the only man in this hall with whom I have an affinity of sentiment! : I dare say I feel 'an affinity with you all. (Loud cheering.) I fed a3 if, treading the soil of Newcastle, I were treading congenial ground. (Applause.) In 1849, when, upon the ranks of my noble countrymen, the Czar of Russia was pouring his barbarous legions to complete the destruc tion of Hungary, my people gathered around me to hear what I might think, and I thus spoke to them: — 'From this moment the battle we shall have to fight is a battle, not for our freedom alone, but for the independence of Europe; and that battle we have to fight forsaken and alone. To be the liberators or the martyrs of Europe — such is our des tiny. Nations sympathize with us, but aid and assistance we are not to expect from any of them. Those who have the power have not the will ; and those who have the will, tram melled by their GOTernments, have not the power. (Hear, hear.) But let us not be angry with ihe nations for thus forsaking us. It is their misfortune rather than their fault. But now, my people, forsaken as thou art, wilt thou accept the conscious liberty of self- sacrifice — to vanquish if thou canst, or to die if thou must — for the freedom of Europe ? ' And my people uncovered their heads and 6aid, 'We accept the conscious liberty of self-sacrifice — to vanquish if we can, to die if we must — for the liberty of Europe.' (Great cheering.) I said ' Amen ' to their sublime resolve. . (Applause.) Well, Sir, we fought and we fell, like as heroio Kara has fallen — not by the arms pf the enemy, but by the craft and intrigues of secret diplo macy. ? (Hear; hear.)- Yes, we felL I went into exile; and, before a free nation here and another across the Atlantic, I held up the bleeding image of my poor down-trodden country, as- a warning to all those who have their freedom to guard— to all those who are basking in 'the rays, of liberty, whilst the clouds of despotism are rushing onward in the sky.; I' spoke to' them 6f the unity which exists in the destinies of nations ; I told them thai one nation crushed is one bulwark of liberty broken — (hear,' hear)— that no crime had ever escaped punishment, or ever would,; and that to allow Hungary to fall was a fault, and to allow Bussia to triumph: was a crime. (Hear, hear.)- I told them that retributive justice was approaching fast ; and they asked -f:1 Where ?V I answered, in Turkey. Some four years «go that question w»3 put? and some four years ago I ?'answered it; The inex-. orable logic, .of events brought about the first act of that retiibution-; for England soon after fought, with' many sufferings and ma&y; sacri fices in blood -and money, and hist, not least, with a precariouB issue. (Hear, hear.) It was a grand moment in history. The Eternal Dispenser of justice and of right has presented theJGrovernmeats of Europe withopportunities of sealing the future by the traditions of tho past. The first opportunity was that of Poland. That was the first of the three sybilline books. (Hear, hear, «nd applause.) Then Hungary— that was Ae . secoad of the three sybiliine books. And finally, Turkey, the last of the three sybilline books. But' tho Governments were heedless of their opportunity. They did not buy the books, and all are burnt. (Hear, hear.) The time may come when high prices may be offered^; but all are burnt. JSenceforth the nations of the continent will take the settle- \ menfc of the future in their own hands. ? They ' maybe vanquished— they may fail; Vat one thing I know— the/wiilnot compromise. (Applause.) I speak of thb Continent, of course :— England is 'the mistress pf her own destinies. (Ap plause.) May Wisdom guide her decisions! nay her determination be as 'we'll chosen as the instinct of her people is sound ! (Loud cheering;) Well, during the trying period when :tho Governments were presented with the last of the three sybilline books, Newcastle was among the most consistent of those in Great Britain who knew well how to appre ciate aad value all the sybiline books. New castle has firmly maintained the ground of her ' better understanding. The time-serving wind of political expediency has whistled around the _ natien until they have forgotten the three magic words of Roebuck— ^Poland, Hungary,' and Italy. (Hear, hear.) Newcastle saw that war was the inevitable result of Russia inter fering with Turkey, and fliat the real question at issue could never ba brought.to a definite solution without those three magic words. Secret diplomacy willed otherwise. Peace is restored, anfl some Tejoice in it. Tliat ijoy is miie'l with some disappointment; but of one .thing I am. sure, and that is, that when the -second act of expiatory retribution comes, as come it will — when many a patriot will look back with regret on what has been done and what has not been done in our days — Newcastle will always take a noble part in the cause of the patriot for the future, aud will have ns cause to look back on the past -with remorse. (Applause.) And. when the time comes that regenerated Europe shall have to decide her policy towards Eng land, it may be that the recollection of the attitude Newcastle has maintained in our days : may serve as a redeeming feature in the act of conciliation about which the England of to-day did not care, although they seemed just and. generous -aEd sound. (Hear, and'-apjilause.) ; I have thus explained the affinity between Newcastle end myself. Many a man has felt in Newcastle as I have.felt in my troubles and sorrows. Even in illusion and disenchantment we have had our equal «hare ; and the warm reception I have met this evening entitles me to say that, though illusians have vanished, we still meet hero on congenial ground. -(Loud cheers.) Let me then, with the familiarity of brotherhood; ask you to listen while the Hun garian father, in the position of an humble English lecturer, performs his honest work — (applause) — for such, and no more, is my ca pacity among you.' . ' 