" Ï SHORTHAND REPORTING.* " I (From tlie ScattUh Fret», December 21.) Tho importance of tho stenographic* art can hardly bo over-ostlmnled. It is daily becoming moro and moro a «ooossityof tho ago. Few would bo! disposed at first night to attach' much importance !te thc functions of a roportor for-tho .pross-j yet-by tho united labours ol those who follow that avocation, thousands, ny, millions in, Groat Britain .alono aro ovory day 'suppliod with food for Instruction and amusement. '. Thoso emissaries of tho broad-sheet aro spread like a network over'tho land, clustering in small groups, like' stellar .constellations, amid tho seats of population. Not nn occurrence of any importance can- escapo thoir cogla, eyes. Everything calculated .. to'interest,- instruct, or amuse;'is faithfully rceordod, and circulates freely through tho publio prints. In this'way tho reader of a . well-conducted journal may got information regarding any momentous event which may tnko pince, not only in his own immediate neigh- bourhood, but in remote districts. To collect and des- cribe facts and roport speeches is tho chief business of a repórter ¡ 'it is tho' part of an editor-to comment upon these wets, and discuss .'principles'with the view ol diffusing throughout tho community sound and intelligent views on nil subjects-of interest and importance; As facts constitute i the only safe foundation on which tc build theories and speculations, it is obvious, that'an accurate knowledgo of theso on tho part of.those who profess to enlighten the publio'is a tine qu& non. Food for editorial thought and remark is mainly contributed by reporters in somo corner of tho fiold, and the obliga- tion resting upon thom to ' glean "accurate Information, conncots tho disohargQ of this department of thoir dutj with a degree of responsibility-which it is difficult al firstto'realisfi. ' " ?? . .. .. . Tho ability to write short-hand,, and that oxportly, bas now become an indispensable requisite- in these functionaries; Without tins qualification they scarcely deserve the namo.' No doubt-thoro'aro laborious scrib- blers who, by dint of extraordinary exertion, cnn pro duco what lias nil tho - appearance of a report,- but on n comparison it will, bc found thnt.tho -ipshslma verba, ol tho speaker havo been cruelly mangled. . Nor is this to bo wondered "nt,' considering tho clumsy machinery which they employ;' Timo* will only'allow thom to take thc principal ..words of each sentence oven jn n contracted shnpo," BO', that when they! como to transcribe their notes a great deal is left to bo supplied by tho memory and, imagination, which are generally moro than suffi- cient for the task..- Thomemory.mny suggest tho writor's notion of tho ? speaker's . ideas, his-imperfect long- hand notos ! supply 'some of tho words, and as in the hurry of transcription for'tho.cómnositors, no timo is to be lost; tho imagination is sot vigorously- to work to fill iip; the interstices. Principles onunciatod on tho platform aro.often twisted'out of all shape, words nro mado uso pf whioh. do injustice to tho moaning actually convoyed, - and not unfrcqtiontly sontoncosnro so muti- lated, and out up into fragmonts,- or so unduly length- ened, that it is difficult to rocogniso tho printed speech as a representation of. tho spoken ono. Thoso long-hand devotcos of tho broadsheet oro fast wearing ont of date. Tho " winged words" of stenography" aro'rapidly sup- planting those of tho.old stylo, and it is right thoy should do so. An editor, with any regard to accuracy and tho character of his paper; would hesitate to comment upon an address which was reported by means of long-hand, especially if ho meant to criticise it pretty sovoroly. Tho thought would'naturally occur that ho might possibly bo administering nn aimless castigation founded upon statements which lind no oxistonco snvo in tho reporter's imagination, that tho weak points he meant to attack wera not thoso of tho spoken, but of tho printed speech, and that in this way ho might bo lcd into tho perpetra- tion of nn injustice. ' This is hot a moro fanciful'picturo. 'How often doos it happen tbiit public men find it necessary to issue dis claimers, repudiating words erroneously put into their mouths, and mado tho subject of strong animadversion ? Lot it not be supposed that wo claim perfection for tho . short-hand system. of. reporting.. Errors, not however ./lowing from tho use of short-lrand, thoro always will be.. They may ariso from tho imperf oct articulation of a spenkor-from his remarks hoing par- tially inaudible owing to some noise in the meeting, or from other cnuses,; but these sourcos of orror apply with equal, if not greater forco,;;to tho long-hand system of noto taking,<> while .'tho siiporiority of stenography in enabling a person to-give tho exnet words - of a speaker, or whero condensation is necessary to give a faithful abstract, stnnds outin bold relief. Thero is little doubt that erroneous chargos aro some- times brought against reportors by thoso who cannot bo expected to recollect avery expression mado use of in tho bent and excitement of dolivery, so well ns tho party who pictures every word upon paper as it falls from tho lips of tho speaker. Individuals-unpractised in the extemporaneous oxprossion of thoir sentiments may easily bo pardoned for a .lapens lÍH¡iua¡ now and then if they would only acknowledge their mistakes; but instances will occur to tho recollection of - almost every ono, in which ' if unobecked at tho timo a party will stoutly maintain that ho never mudo uso of tho words afterwards imputed to him; bis only argument in defence being that ho could not havo said what was so contrary to his meaning. . In this way tho mistake, of a speaker is converted into n shartcoming of tho reporter. Short-hind characters are but ns Egyptian hierogly- phics to Ml except those who understand them, and what is thus so meaningless to tho casual observer moy bo supposed partially unintelligible oven to tho party who writes it. Were such tho fact thoro would neces- sarily bo a certain amount'of guess-work in transcrib- ing short-hand notes for tho press, and some may main- tain that tho uncertainty of stenography lends at least plausibility to any disclaimer put forth against n news- paper roport. ' Let none,r however, bo deceirod on this point; "Without at present expressing an opinion upon nil, or oven n few,' of tho short-hand systems put into requisition for reporting purposes, thoro is ono in which wo speak with confidence. To Slr. Isaac Pitman's iibonotio system of short-band wo shnll more particu arly nlludo hereafter. . Let us only say nt present that ' by its instrumentality tho ' utterances of nn ordinarily rapid Bpenkcr, overy- word and syllnblo, mny bo pictured in paper : by. a doxterous studont of tho art, with ns mucli facility ns a copying-clerk will tran- scribo in long hand, twenty words por minuto, nnd that theso symbols may bo interpreted with as much caso and certainty ns tho manuscript of tho clerk. And it moy occasion somo surpriso when wo stnto flint, tho ^ sbortdinnd system in' question is not only moro simple in its olemonts, mid moro perfect in its construction, but renell moro easily acquired, ns it is certainly a nobler art, than our present long-hand stylo pf writing. Tho1 English alphabot is so faulty and dofoctivo that no ono can tell how to pronounce any English word that ho sees' in a book but has nover heard spoken ; nor can any ona tell how to spell any English word that ho hears but has Hover seen -written. In illustration of this statement, wo need only mention thnt tho sound of o mny bo repre- sented, and is represented in our Inngttngo in nt least twenty different forms. It would bo difficult to nssign a reason why tho word no might not bo spelt in twenty différent ways willi equal propriety, according to-tho following oxnmplo ! Nob, nowa," wm,- nant now, ? not,-? non, nungil, , (M7 oire - 'lautour, liniitboy, srio, fufk, mould, iloi/yA, n't, uno, noo, nook, non, - non, now, nnob, aerier, bnweli, for, Cockburn, cont, Oroivunor, knew, FJiaruoA, nwo. neo, noan, notf. Iron!, yroinio, bMM, oyllo. Now, funoy a person asked to spell a word ho never saw before, in whioh . tho sound of o occurred. Ho would bo sadly puzzled to know whioh of. tho foregoing com- binations of letters to make uso 'of. Nor could ho say with oortnlnty, nflor ranking a solcotlon, thnt ho had mado tho right'one. Soin rognrd to tho pronunciation of words. Scarcely a lotter, ? or cluster of letters, but lias o (tifl'ercnt Round in' different words. -Toko tho first lotter in tho alphabet, and soo if it has. not ono sound in the Word at, quite n difTorent ono in tho word ate, and none nt all in boat. In Uko manner tho consonnnt b, though it gonornlly lins somo sort of sound, in frequently dumb. Tho lotter c at ono timo represents tho sound oft, atanofhor timo the sound of A-, and vory ofton no sound at nil. Tho lotter« augh givo forth no cortoin sound, as laugh arid caught can testify.- ' You' .have only to pro. lix tho lotter e to the word hanged and it bocomoB oom. plotoly changed I But it wero superfluous to multiply wamplos. Tho anomalies of English'Orthoepy aro so »amorous nnd grave that'tho spcoimons already given conroy no adequate concoption of thoir cxtont and mag. uitudo, The language is full of them, ns tho cxporlenoo of overy ohlld learning to road con. verify. To bring »bout a romcdy for this state of things by moans of »hat is appropriately doslgnntod tho writing and Print« lng lie form, is tho laudable objoot of-Mr. Isaac Pitman, of Bath, nnd his nsnoointos. Tito printing roferm, or .ystom of I'honotio printing, ia basod upon tho grand principio of having a latter to roprosont overy olomontory .ound in tho' language. ' Every such lotter has its own Bound, whothor singly ai in combination nnd novor any ftbor, BO that theheavy task of loaming to road nt prosent ls thus rondorod easy nnd pleasant. It will readily be nd. nutted that whon cnoh lotter has a distinctive sound, little moro is roqulrod by tho pupil than n thorough aa. qunmtnnco willi tho alphabot, which supplios him with » koy to tho pronunciation of ovory word. Tho ability to pronounco and spell correctly nocording to this system »»quired with equal fnolllly hoing drnwn from in. fallible rule. Abundant oxporiments havo 'Boon mndo »liloh provo satisfactorily thnt adults formorly Jnonpoblo Jj "«Jung, havo boon taught to read books prlntod in tn« 1'lionotlplo stylo in tho oourso of six weeks or two nii'i11!i,|>|,..Hl?uoi<r"l|h.v t a Skotoli of Hluirt-hiitiil Writing Jly A. WnlTllle IJeij, TWr/ljj,lJUou, Edliiuurtfli ] W, 1', Ktuiuoily. 1 months,' Nor is this nil,*.. Tho'paroo parties, by moans of Uio.steppingslona'of phonotypy,'hiivo boen taught to read hooks of tho ordinary typo in loss than half tho limo, and with half tho trouble that it! would otherwise havo token. Ono object,''therefore, of tho 1'honotio Society of Great Britain,: which now numbers mnny thousands f hav. for its President, Goorgo Dawson, Esq., of Birmingham, and Secretary,' Mr,<Isnnu Pitman, of Bath), is tho intro- duction of " an improved method of teaching to read tho Eresent-books by a courso; of instruction in Phonotlo ooks"-thoir ultimata aim j however, hoing tho reforma- tion of tho orthography of- tho English language upon tho principle now explained. Another design of the Society ' is tho ox ten sion of Phonography or Phonetic short-hand ; whioh has a basis similar to that of Phono typy.., According to Phonography thoro is'a Btroko'or symbol, or character to represent ovory simplo and dis- tinct sound-in tho language . Every such symbol has. its own sound and no other, and thoy aro all so mathemati- cally porfect in thoir construction,' so easily formed;' and capablo of so rapid and convenient combination in ardor to form.words, that it is mattor of gravó doubt whether iii' this- particular'' thore "is any room'; for futuro improvement. An assiduous student of tho art moy in tho course of six months roport a slow speaker verbatim at tho rato' of an hundred words per minute, and rood his notos aftor any length pf limo with facility and occu raoy. Witli zealous cultivation on tho part, pf ono who ,'can uso tho pan skilfully and swiftly in long hand, tho system is capablo of following a speaker, tho evolutions of whoso tongue onablo him to utter 180 and, oven 200 words pei*-minute. Perhaps not mero than ono in a hiindrod exceed thin roto of delivery,--tho nverngo being about 120.or 130 words per minute:, To bo nblo to write 180 or 200 words ooah minute roquiros long prac | tioe, . arid great fumiliaritywith- the art,1 and thero aro many incapablo. of ev.br attaining that speed. Phono- graphy, written in full, witlt all tho', vowel.marks, sup- plied, is an exact picture of Bpoken -Inngungo,- and, as usod in reporting, - a perfect and'intoUigiblo outline I How striking tho contrast botwixt tins' new system .of writing and printing -and- thnt-ono whoso anomalies wo havo shortly endeavoured to indioato. - -Tho;characteris- tics-of tho phonetic.ityló.' aro .'simplicity,'.; beauty, 'andJ precision;- those of tho Bomnnio, anomaly, confusion,' and disorder-teeming as it does with tho grcatost irre- gularities.. Tho vowels and consonants ' of tho ; latter, oven in its alphabet, are huddled together' iii. tho most picturosquo confusion; and with such radical-defects at tho root what could bb bx ped ted of tho stem and brnnohos ? Think of that monstrosity ¿fan English word apophthegm, mid reflect on tho ingenuity of tho person,-who, without provious knowledge, could assign to it tho pronunciation which tho capricious dictates of univorsal'prhctice'havo given it. Truly tho sooner our corrupt orthography is reformed tho bottor; but thc mass of ignorance, preju- dice, and.selfishness.willi whioh tho promotors of tho movement will havo to contend extinguish every' hope of a speedy realization. Among- other objections which hnve boon, taken lo tho reform-none of which it is necessaiy to dwell .'upon- it .has bean opposed on etymological grounds, but a little thought and enquiry will soon discovor that tho movement: has nothing to droad from this source Wo havo wnnderod n'littlo out of our woy for tho purpose .of drawing attention to tho desirableness of "a change, and must now resume our lino of, remark when noticing tho liability of public spoakors to commit mistakes,, and tho probability of thoir being frequently charged to roportors. Platform speakers aro subject to tho excitement of tho moment, in great part unpractised in oxtempo rançons dolivcry, often lamentably deficient in words as well as ideas,-and,- under terror of a break- down,, aro not unfrcquontry 'lcd into pitiless extravagancies of ! stylo and. sentiment, ' ns well as tho grossest violations of grammar and com- mon sense. Carried away perhaps by acclamation, or disconcerted by ndvorso manifestations, many aro tho strange things uttered hy adventurers for fame. Tho vehemence of passion being slopt otr, it is not tho fault of tho press if tho print of thoir rhapsodical hnrnnguo con- fronts" them next morning Uko Bnn^uo's ghost, to rouso tho latent conscienco and begot feelings of solf-roproach and condemnation of which they would fain, bo relieved. If any supposod flaw exists in. tho published account of their rhodomontndo, they- seek to apply a balsam, to their troubled minds by acquainting, all nnd sundry through the samo medium, nnd' in langungo as equivocal as significant, that words havo been put into thoir mouths of which they never mado use . It requires little consi- deration to porooivo who is likely to be tho moro correct -whether tho fame-huntor newly sobered down form the intoxication of excitement,' when tho memory, at all times treacherous, is undeserving of any ? orcdit, ortho reporter, with unruffled mind, whoso recollection is corroborated by a faithful 'and Aocurnto copy of overy word taken at tho timo ? There is no doubt that errors ara apt to creep, and often do actually creop into reports' through imperfection in the writer, os woll as in the systom of short-hand thoy employ; but making- full allowance for all those drawbacks,' it is notorious that public men aro moro indebted .to reporters and tho press than thoy are accustomed or inclined to acknowledge This consideration, howovor, does not in any way rcliovo newspaper representatives' front tho obligation of doing what thoy can to im provo their qualifications, and espe- cially to porfect that instrumentality which enables thom to accomplish so much. Every effort should bo mado to place tho sténographia art, if possible, abovo cavil or suspicion. . Tho length of thoso remarks provents our ontering on an inquiry, which of tho many systems of steno- graphy aro tho host calculated to Bubsorvo this ond. Wo rosorvo tho consideration of this inquiry for another number. - A YANKEE* TAKE;* IN.-An ingenious down-caster who has invented a now kind of " Love Lotter Ink," whioh he had been selling as a safe-guard against all actions for ' breach of promiso of marriago inasmuch as it entirely fados from tho paper in. two months after dato, was rccontly " dono brown" hy a brother down-caster, -who I purchased 100 boxes bf tho articlo, and gavo him his noto for 00 days. - At tho expiration of tho timo, tho inventor called.fur payment, but an unfolding tho script, found nothing but a pieco of blank papor. Tho noto had been written with his own ink.-American paper. A STtinnonN JunY.-Tho Portland Transcript tells a good Blory of Col. M-. living in Washington . County, Mo. wbo had a great nptitudo for serving ns a juror. When thus serving ho had a very great anxioty that his opinion should bo largely consultad in making up a ver- dict. Some years ngo, whilo upon a case, aftor many hours trial] to agrco, but failing ho marshalled tho delin- quent jury froin tho room to thoir soots in tho Court, whero tho impationt crowd awaited the result of tho trial. ." Have you agreed uponga verdict?" inquired tho clerk. Col. M-- arose, turned n withering glenco upon his brother jurors and exclaimed : May it picoso tho Court, wo havo not ; I have dona tho host I could do, but here aro' oloven of tho most contrary devils I over had any dealing with." 