POINTS. (from the Liverpool Journal, 22n4 Marek.) ifhionly objection inmi i» in vny UHOCIWH ?UWIH ,,h Iffird to the Peace seem« to be-that all the groat .£«»^will Immediately have to ranko war upon Turkoy, the i the ¡rt« Sublime Porte, about whom there bas boon all I (her 'appa*T to be ridiculously disBatisnod. It is I 'fi lútiolaiiian story of the poultry. and tho cook, nsisia attacked Turkoy for tho purpose of roasting her. Tho Allies' defendod Turkey for tho, purpose of boiling i ií ii .'There has boon a Conforonce, and there follows eompromiso. Tho Ottoman suggests that ho objoots in either prooess ; and the Plenipotentiaries are indig- ent, with diplomatic disgust,, at this heinous wandering fmm the question. Tho point is about tho Principalities. TVkeyhasno objection to the ' disfortification of the Alind Isles, (which affect her as muoh as tho Now Brinhton fort,) and the resumption of the. statu» quo nae in respect to the Black Sea, is very pleasing. But ¡,1,,'npens that the war was 'about ari invasion, of,the Principalities. Turkey entreated aid from the Allies, in order to enuble her to maintain her protectorate--equiva- lent to the possession-^f; tho Principalities; Good, said tbe Allies, and they , heat RuasiaV Russia they dooide, I jhjll not have tho: Principalities, i. The Principalities I «hill be an independent kingdom. The astonishment of tie Sublime Porté is just what ..that pf the Russians could havo been .had .Franco assaulted the. Rhine Provinces, nnd had the allied great powers (conquering Franco) constituted the Rhino Provinces a new German iinsdom. But, really, when' wo'liovo a Prince Imperial to bring up, and - a Prinoess Royal to-marry off, we can- not hove tho Conferences troubled with : mere Turkish ideas. ' The Empérpr Napoleon despises thè Turks, and-1 tho Turks couldn't/, keep, Kars ¡.and, altogether, the Jfaliommodan is so. rotten ¡that he 'Should ' consider lilmsclf a luoky fellow to'.bo. let off so: cheaply. ; So thorb «ill bo peace, unless ho is very contumacious and. unites us to Russia in correcting him; and wo shall leavo him ? to carry out tho last Haiti' Soheriff or edict; which gives absolute religious., equality; .'to all ' tho', .'subjects- of tho,Porto, Christians and. others;: for, bf course, it il well understood that _ we havo .long ago , set him óxómplós':;in this," civilized , fashion. ', . Doesn't Biron Rothschild . sit i securely, in bur .enlightened House of Commons, and is it not quite clear that if a Malibmmodari man"bf genius, though/with' a partiality for tlíó Prophet, settled ia England, o great oa'reor would be open to bim; and havo not the Ecclesiastical Titles Bill and tho Penal-Laws boen"'long erased from our Uglily intelligent statute book? If the Mahoirimedanis to continuo worthy of bur protection ho must bo oxpocted ' to exert himself. He must get rid pf his pilfering pachas, ' who left an army to be staryod out in that transmontano city,bf Kars. Weknowinothing.of British..frauds in ' mortars, British frauds ia provisions supplied to tlie ' commissariat ; and, obviously, all j that story,, that our ? British'army was nearly famished, arid totally diseased ' at Balaklava, in 1H!S4¿5, to ' that ' degree that plucky General Evans thouglit it his duty to_adviso an imme- diate embarkation, is a ludicrous fiction unworthy of | tho attention of 'any man' of' common sense; although '' there does appear to bo some foundation for tho story in thu fact that nextweok a great commission is about to \- (it in grand inquest on bur allogcd-tb-bo-saeriftced-by-tba eld-nobility, legions. It is very well known that our «omráission: from, oh high, as a people with á destiny, ii to' teach tho nations ' how , to live, and the fact is that we'shall never be, very'fond of tho Turks, : until, in the inevitable reorganization of their political injlitutions, " they . put up ' a House .of' Commons, m Constantinople, with a long lobby' Uko' our omi, for committees to try bribery petitions aftor general elections. Thoy must put down ' their harems, which are aboriiinablo to us. They roust,pitch into the* üosphoru-r their Koran, and relinquish the incessant I ; prayers and chronic teetotalism enjoined by that publica- ' tion, Thoy,must abolish bazaars and tako to shops, the horrible ideas of their House of Commons adulteration committees notwithstanding. Why, for that mattor, we could teach tho nations bow to dio too. " Scotland has a thief as good," roared the scrupulous Caledonian. Bat we'll back Palmer 'and tho 'Leeds Dovo-cot against anything any raoo cari produce br has produced. As to France, that civilized peoplo, with their electric telojraph annouaoirig'whbn the Empress's pains began, why france is just as much entitled as wo aro to set: tho Turks re-arranging all their Eastern Mufti- isms. And, at all events, tho French intend ' to hnvo. something to 6ay in tho conversion of tho used-up Ottoman into the refurbished fauteuil ol Gallican upholstery. Tho Holy Places business is not yet settled, and it is' not very likely that the Zouaves will round the Golden Horn before tho latch-key of those outhouses-they oro no more-is placed in tho custody of the most Christian Emperor in Christendom. Frenchmen will inundate Turkey, under tho new pro-Christian laws, get into the Sultan's service, jostle with paalms tb tho best places, tito to tho turban, if necessary, and create a vast French i nfl uenoo, to whioh tho general knbwledgo of the french tongue among bureaucratic Mahommcdans is ' highly propitious,' What,'with. tho ' moral foroo of EngWnd, tho educational force pf Prance, tho diplomatic | lowe oC Russin, and a crook new.' model state on the Danube, it will bo strange if the Turk doesn't reform with tho velocity of a nation of .Joe Humos. But, like ! the good, housewife who polished out of existence tho -dining-room tables, tho chanco is that tho Muhoromedan iii! be improved off the fuco of tho oarth,' which, undoubtedly, ovory one will bo very glad of, for he is as exhausted a raco as tho British aristocracy is an eihaustod class. But, amid all thoso simulations of peaco conferences and intornationnl congratulations, it would bo just as woll to recognise tho reality of things. It is supposod that tho peace, will not iriiprovo tho positions of our publio (political) men. A peace Heidorn does; and their only chanco now is that thero is no mili- tary celebrity to dlroot attention , from thorn. But we have ono undamaged man loft j Lord Dalhoiisio is coining home. When Cassnr was making for tho Rubicon, tho alarmed Romans snid that ho had a great ohanoo, lie had ! been so long away. Dulhousio comos homo with the fame of a great conqiioror and a great consolidator. The l'édites await him with impationco. Ho is uncommitted about tho war, and tho peace renews their opportunity, Thoy aro to turn ont Lord Palmerston (if, they can) on the Ainoricnn question. Mr. Buchanan waiting for tho Presidency, of whioh ho bas a good chanoe, and off to the Continent to lounge until sent for,' says that thore oro facts enough in oxistenco to blow up Lord Palmerston. Mr. Ballas, tho Mew United States minister, will ba otado the most of by Peolitos and by Manchester; end if tho United States and the British publio combino to rid us of tho old-lord règimo, and to creato for us a oommorcial nation,-a com- mercial government,-thoy ought to sucoeod. But there oro somo signs that tho old règimo does not rogard itself es endangered. Thora was tho pormanont Suero taryship of the Board of Control vacant by Sir Thomas Kcdington's insane resignation, Slr Thomas foolishly calculating on getting into Parliament for New Ross-a design thwarted by tho vory ghost,of Gavan Duffy. Did 'ÎS? tf°vornn<«'t send for on obló 'and vigorous man ? They Bout for Slr Gcorgo Clerk, a gontleman of about ninety, who retired from Parliament about ton years ago, <m tho ground of enfuobled hoalth, and who loft India he was Governor of Bombay Presidency- about twonty years ago, thoroughly exhausted. If old Parr wero allvo now, he would get a good offloo. Peelism, for tho asoendonoy of whioh tho wiso nro lookiiig, may benefit by the publication of tho "Lifo of SirRobort Peel," by Mr. Thomas Doubleday, (Smith, kider, and Co,,) just out. It is a rough but poworful «etch of English history from 1815 to this day, calen lated, Intone, style, and thought; to sustain tho reputa- tion which Mr. Doubleday bas acquired by a remarkable series of origliial.thlnking books. Ho does not Bervo to «ise tho opinions of Sir Robert's intolloot, but ho impresses tho cauviotion that ohoraotor-virility, honour, »Inglonoss . of purpose, solf.oontrol-wns. so strong in t eel as tp raise him to the rank of a great nnd honest tau iraan' a ü°riefn°tor t0 njg """n^y. Thoso defects which were his own inisory, in his otornal self- analysis, being fortunato for tho nation whom ho governed-by Jus^very want of foresight and memory, making him «tej more intensely practical and powerful nt the Jjght ; raqmont. Lord , Stnnhopo lins. nriuounoed Ä 81r 'IMwrt'a', own , ncoount of tho 1827. ma (Catholic Emnnoipatlon) , transactions will .itortly be given to tho world, undor his Lord »Hip« and Mr. Cordwells editorship. It is not way to oxplnln or excuso this delay i for Wellington is «.aa tboso four years, and whatis to, bo said about anning, the Royal Princes, nnd Lord Grey, could hnvo «eon safely snid when Peol was dofending himsolf in '4(1 .gainst the terrlblo nttnok of Bontlriok nnd Disrnoli, nnd »nea tho quostion before the Houso was, whothor the J .i ,hon?TOMo bnronet hnd " hunted Mr., Conning to mV»' ~t,mt «minent stntosninn hnvlng dlod of intlnra Pa i n ohest. For tho controversy whioh thoso ieel tapers will surely provoko, Mr. Doublodny has pro. Vared poHHonl colorios. A very diffident book, in tho politlcnl wny, is " Tho "evolutions or 1840," by Edwnrd Coyloy, a smart young im«?i i *nMt* through two jaunty volumes nt tho i«f.. . BïP,r«tlons of human nnturo. Cyniolsm is vory «musing but political oynlolsmin n young Tory is a weary ana olTunsivo adair. Thoso fllppnnt Consorvatlvoa nenM Com tn 1<llow l,mt for t,iro° ßonoratlons tho Tory «nt l *nio1" Wnglund wero in open or latont robolllou ni»."""""loulmiB tliiin that of tho Young Irelands, «« t ridl,ou,(,1'« than that of Young Italy,-for thoy Í? re?.nllltm ngnlnst tho Honovorian dynasty. I. »ii » m""< nnA vory curious, In tho way of Htoraturo, II. » i wro "fflwinn, n rollglous poem " in honour of ««o Itauiooulato Conception," ky a " Burrlator ot-law,1 Templa J" ? ?? Tbat'e . wonderful fact ; but more wonder, ful in it that tbe, poem is poetical, delicate, .mystical, mnilcal.' Catholics and others who. know thé, style nf Thomas à Kempi*; may ask for this singular canticle in the sliroy Strand,'at Richardson and Son's. > '"'lt 