... . .... 'poLpgOjflA. . : : the premier and his - constituents. ' 1 ' ! One would naturally have thought that' wheh the " Premier elect," as Mr. Doiialdson styles himself : appeared before the electors of the Hamlets, again to ask them for their' " sweet voices," in his favour, he would have " condescended," — to use Mr: Deas Thomson's word,— to have given them some kind of ' an explanation, as- to- nis views, on some of the vital questions of the day, which ; he and his colleagues have' deemed it necessary to shadow forth in- the Vice-Regal speech ; for as those questions now stand, they are hut dim shadows,1 unem- bodied ghosts, flitting before the public eye; unsubstantial . nothings-ready to he moulded into any shape or form, that the Premier and his friends may think proper to impart to them. But no ! Mr. Donaldson carefully eschews any avowal of principles, and contents himself with saying — " You know what my principles are, I told you but a few weeks ago." This may do very well for Mr. Donaldson and his friends,1 but we apprehend it will not do- for the; pu-bilc. Mr. Donaldson's political opinions, were never very much- on the liherel side, and' we opine they are less so- now, than they were before : — they are in fact, he tells us himself, " in unison," with the late Colonial Secretary's, and surely that is enough. In his speech at Redfern the other evening he said, " He was also accused of having expressed an opinion favourable to the- policy of Mr. E. D'eas Thomson : the- letters from him to that gentleman were- couched in gentlemanly language, but at the same time they were couched in the most cautious terms." Thank you Mr. Premier, we like you for that— cautious, no ; doubt you were, and therefore the surer we are that your-. . policy wpuld be identical with that of Mr. Thomson, under whom, however, you would" not condescend to act. Electors bear this in mind, and be you equally cautious how you place- at the head of the Government such- a man-. Donaldson in Alarm. In hie. speech at the Glebe the " Premier elect " admitted " that he might, with advantage, have been brought up at the feet of such an experienced Gamaliel as Mr. Thomson, but he could not stomach the proposal to be leader in the Lower House, and have to stand all the bullying, while his chief was quietly seated aloft beyond the reach of attack" — Elegant,, if not expressive-.. : This bullying and bandying I surely ne'er shall' bear. So- bring the- stomach pump- to me.— Oh dear!— Oh dear! — Ob dear !'. My old chieftansits aloft with a grim- and ghastly frown, And no help he'll give to me though he sees me tumbling down1. So at his feet I will not sit, nor from his wisdom learn,. The topmost seat,— the foremost place — will only suit my turn1. Donaldson's Labours. "If they (the electors)' hut knew the amount and nature of the business which during the last two- or three days he had been called upon to- consider and transact in Bent-street— if they had' but an- idea of what was contained m the blue box which be carried' home each evening, and the anxiety- which attached to the position he had. now the honour of holding they might wonder at his expressions of pleasurable excite ment." — Vider speech cd Redfern on Tuesday, evening. Poor man! if such are the toils of office aft the- very commencement, what will they be hereafter. Surely the electors of the- Hamlets, will be kind enough to relieve him of the blue box , although- they may have no idea &t; what it contains. It would but be an act of charity ; though,. perhaps; after alff ift may only contain bikes piMs or blue books. hi: Donaldson? s DREAD OF DR. LAS The-Pretoi'er is evidehtly afraid of the- mvineibfe-Dbctor; At the Redfern meeti ng the other evening he aslred the electors- to make a selection Between the- nominee- of Dr. Lang, and the Bunch, and himself." How this was altogether wnifeur,. and totally unbecoming the Prime- Minister of a country like this? Mir. John Campbell is no more the nominee of Dr.. Lang than? Mr. Donaldson is the- nominee of Mr: Boiroyd and Mr; George Hill, if, indeed, so much. The- Holroyds: the Macleays and! todeed all the- high tones in the- House; are strenuous in theiar exertions to secure the election of Mr. Donaldson, and as the- etdi adage says. 44 Shew me the company yew keep and I'll know what kind of at man you' are." Only imagine'— Donaldson, Badeay, Bowman, Macaathur; Holroyd, Thomson; Barker, and Osborne — what a company I If we are tb'have anybody's nominee; wo should certainly prefer one nominated by Dr;. Dang, before one nominated, as Mr; Donaldson is, by Arthur Todd Holroy.d and George HUl. Donaldson's Rashness:. If one thing more than another were, wanting; to> shew the unfitness of Mr.. Donaldson for the office- of Premier; it would' Be- found in his rashnessaiid precipitancy in making assertions regardless of consequences. During the debate on the Address,, he stated that if; only one- of the- ministers, meaning, we presume- himself,, weto defeated in the election; the whole of. the ministry would be' broken up- An assertion so- rash and; 1 absurd that it was; aft once rebutted by both sides of the House I!he his speech aft Redfern; he- said; the question which, the people of. New South Wales were- called upon more particularly . at this time to- decide, was, whether they would have republi canism or monarchical institutions. He took broad ground, But so= broad was the difference existing between' his- opinions , aad those of his adversary.. Could any assertion.be more rash and unthinking than this. 'Phis' is- not a eontest between . republicanism, and monarchy,, it is- a contest betweenthe rights f the labouring man, , and the so-called privileges of the rich. Mr: Donaldson is- too rash for the office he now occupies. A £ast minister should be- cool, calm, and collected,, and hazard mh expression without much forethought and reflection. Thomson's Well Faii> Services:. Says Donkldson to Thomsoriy Oh why should. you. aspire To-be Premier of New- South Walesj. k And rather not retire. Sitrely yovr have been paid enough For all that you have wrought 'r Ybur serviceSf however great, ' Haver been- but dearly bought. - ®iree;thmisand pounds; as all menkuow Wo gave to you at once ;.. . : And ihen tyyp thousand more you had,,. Whfoh proved the House adunco«__ Hfell aft'civthat we- kindly "gave " - ! y ' - You leave to toddle home J : A'adithenyouinothihg had to»do. l"! itethnjhtimwculdto>reai t ; At London, Naples, Paris, too, / . You .lived quite at your ease ; And when to us you came again, I . , We strove each whim to please. So now, dear Thomson, do retire, j .. . It is too B. A. D. , . That you should thus the hopes oppose. Of yours, — poor S. A. D. Donaldson's Address to His Constituents. Which does not go to the tunc of " The Campbells are Coming. " On yester morn I was sworn in Colonial Secre-tarry : That is; the ruling berth in th' House, from garret down to a-ry. Though Deas is a cunning boy, I think I have more nous, Sirs ; The proof is, that by dodgery, he is in neither House, Sirs. Bow, wow; wow, every dog must have his- day, Sirs, Bow, wow, wow. But by this most ambitious act to gain a goodly place, you" Must very clearly see that I am once more doomed to face you. j But this I really cannot fear, as my administration Is fitted well for Hamlets small, though not for a large nation. ' Bow, wow, wow, all our little strivings are but Bow, wow, wow Sir William- D: has placed before you1 all our lot of scheming,. To> carry out your interests ; and if you are not dreaming, 'Tis clear the greatest credit will be given to such measures "And Will and Me he looked upon as real Austral treasures: Bow, wow, wow ; happy, pleasant partnership of Bow, wow, wow.. Whom should I fear, with Stultz-cut coat and boots mad®- l>y aHol#y? 'Tis not a sugar hogshead like that fat and fussy Robey ; And Richard Driver has declined; in my side once a bramble'— A real thorn ! Whom should- I fear ? — Alas ! 'tis: one John Campbell. Bow, wow, wow, I tremble as I think of it, Sirs Bow, wow, wow. He is what Shakspeare calls " A man- of excellent bchav'r:"' But there's a saving clause—" T, I' can be your only saver." Though colonists agree In full, that John' is great in merit, Our' Constitution rats can never' cope with such a ferret.. Bow, wow, wow; very soon) he'd hunt us out, Sirs,. Oh! Oh!! Oh!!!' Rough'-and'-Ready: 