LATEST EUROPEAN INTELLI- GENCE. liv the arrival of the James Baines our files of English papers aro complete to the öth of Aprii. We subjoin our London correspondent's letter, together with copious extracts from the papers just received : (FROM OUK OWN C0IU1ESPONDENT.J London, 5th April, The signature of a Treaty of Peace at Paris, on tho alternoon of tills day week, is the groat news by this mail. It is nothing but what j ou will have expected, hut the formality is a large fact. Beyond the fact itself wc know nothing. Thore is a suspicious reservation lu respect to the terms, so far as the British Go- vernment is concerned, and the impression that they are not satisfactory to our natiou.ul pride is sustained by what is known of the dissatisfaction lolt by the Turkish Plenipotentiary. As to the French, who never cared about the war, and have not boen excited into any enthusiasm by any particu- lar glory gained in tho course of the war, they aro glad that it is over, the Parisian propating with fervor for the fûtes promised by the Emperor. Tho Emperor, in his mag- nificent egotism, regards tho peace as au epi- sode in the Napoleonian ej>e"e-something which adds éclat to tho hirth of his son. Tho Conference of Paris brings about the poaco: the fûtes of Paris aro lo celebrate the peace it is altogether a French affair. The Emparor is non, thanks to unscrupulous adroitness, the contre of the Europoan system. In tho coming celebration, Russians, Austiiaus, and Prussians will rank as his " cordial allies," as well as we. The pen that Bignud the neaco (¡ducked from a chained eagle in the Jardm des Plantes,^ perhaps the Boulogne Euglo) is sot with precious stones in golden fíame and presented to tho Empress Eugónio. Queen Victoria and Qrçat Biltaln aro subor- dinates and Bupdrnutiieiarles In tho Napole- onic drama. When thogrand military icviotw come off the heroes ol the scene will bo tho Eussian princes and nobles whom the Czar, Very politic, is letting loo3e from thoir loug confinement upon the gay Boulevards, whoso inhabitants have some while found out thal tho Russian rouble is moro plentiful than tho pound of the traditioual " Milord Anglais." There's Mouravieff and Tod leben that tho lUiss'iiins have to show as generals. Tho French havo Bosquet, Canrobert, uud Polis sicr. Wo havo no genoral that we should like to bonst of, and though our fleet is some' thing prodigious, our admirals, crea- tures of an aristocratic systoin, aro not altogether proportionate. In fact whilo the fêtes aro in progress wo in Lotidoa shall bo investigating by a Commission of Inquiry (it begins on Monday)-how was it wo made such a military mess of it at Bala- clava aad at tbe Redan V It would be a mietako not to note that all theso things aro quite well understood. Thoro has been no cheering, no Uluminuting, no rejoicing of any sort, But, for all that, the peace is vory acooptable to the British. -l'hcro will be somo coremonies,-nation ii thanksgiving, parliamentary oration, and a lucrative " Festival of Peace" got up by the speculatively moral directors of ths Crystal Palace at Sydonham. The blockades being removed, trade rushes into the loo long empty channels: prices fall, to the groat injury of many houses, but to tha great benefit of the public. Manufactures aro re-invigorated: tho not enormous bat Steady rise in the funds indicate contciit , mont. The statesmen, who called this fron tho beginning a statesman's war, baulk tho protests of the liberals, who had j hopes for|the " nationalities," by contending that they havo accomplished the objects of tho war,-in those objects the benefit of tin ' nationalities nevor having been included. I The Tory opposition, about, it is said, to oppose the peace, (whon the ratifications aro ' exchanged, and opposition can do no harm to i any one but the Government,) can only take tho ground that Turkey is dissatisfied; and to this the Government have to answor that ' Tui key must accopt tho conditions of that . state of things in which she cannot dofoad , ' Lcoiulf. It was not in Turkish but ia ' European-interests that England ami Franca went to war, and it is still ia European interests that English and French, armies will continue to occupy Turkish terri tory. We have not done with the Eastern question yet, and our public men will be cau- tious in committing themselves by any en thuslasm one way or the other in respect to the Porte. It is understood that a subie Îucnt conferenco was to sit to decido oa the oim of government to be fastened upon the Principalities, likely under any form to be the scene of perpetual commotion; while in Turkey proper there is such indignation in the Mahommedans at the concessions made by- the too liberal Sultan to tho Christians, that a revolution is certain at Abdl-Mejid's death, if not sooner. However, the British, always trustful in their governing classes, even in the midst of the blunders confessedly perpetrated, feel easy, meanwhile, at having got rid of a war which day by day became more and more illogical. Strange and shameful to say, thediapit» with the United States is not yet over. Mr. Dallas, the new Minister, in Loudon three weeks, has not yet done any business wlutovai with the British Government. Tho rcasoi assigned is that Lord Palmerston wishes iii a to wait until Lord Clarendon returns fron Tai is I And Parliament is withhold fro a discussion of tho subject by tho delays tlirowi hy the dextôrouB Premier in producing th " correspondence"-the Foreign Office bein openly and publicly represented as too buy just at present ! Mr. Gladstone conmlainei of tho delay in tho House of Commons las liight, and howasanswered by Lord Palmersto iuamanucrmostlnsulting,-thoHouse.tlioug ?\eiy quiet, very much shocked. Meauwhil the dispute, which Mr. Dallas could hiv settled, in an hour on his first arrival, becom exasperated by tho interchange of olfeusiv newspaper articles, and of speeches botwai the two countries-some now oiroumstanci complicating tho controversy. Mr. Cranipio will no doubt be recalled, and that will en the enlistment emestion difficulty. But i Central America the rillibustoring Gener, ?\Yalker is establishing himself, showing gro'i address and ability; and, according to ti Inst news, thoro is a triple attack about to 1 made on ,him, first by the United Contre American Governments, whom he has ou íüged ; next by the Feder.il Governmout, f having seized tho ships 1,1 tho United Stat eil izens ; and, thirJly, by some British nten-e war, whose captains have been appealed to I plundered British citizens. To tho la rumor it is added . that, ' ' Freni ships are with the British-"au A clo-Frcnch 'squadron;" and, if so, t Vi deral Government will bo doop eirended. Our press has talked too mu* about carrying tho Anglo-French «Ulan into all parts of tho world, as if the lillian ol France wert) niora natural than the alliau of our own ince of America. Mr. Dallas w inesented to the Queeu yesterday, and it U te hoped this means tho commenceraoul negotiation, as Lord Clarendon is likely to oiuing out in Paris for some weeks to co'j ii i. Dallas' is most desirous of peace anti frat lilly, he gays; hut an accidental shot e in the Central American waters might dr In very singular illustration of our de- nunciation, on ohc side against Russia fat aggression, and on the othor side against the Americans for annexation comes the- news that the British' Government in India have "completed" the "acquisition'' of Oude.an enormous state, it hoge "Prince is to travel to Englund to " ap- ical ;" and that tho French aro fitting out au oxpedition of ships and troops to seize and colonise Madagascar, whose Queen has givin offence by murdering some sailors of a French ship. The British press has very little to say about the scizuio of Oude, and nothing .whatever to say against this Gallic fllllbuv teilug on Madagascar, Madagascar, colo- nised, would be an awkward French fact in the Indian Ocean, in the event of tho Anglo French Alliance coasing, if one may be par niitted such a supposition. If tho Austra- lian postal routo is to bo via Diego Garcia aid Suez, the gold-ships would run souio risks ia nar; and if the Suez canal bo made, the ad- vantages of tho French would he greatly en- hanced. Tho superficial area of Madagascar cxcoetls that of France; and tho Interior, very healthy, is splendidly productivo, tha population being over 4.000,000. Surely the English Government will protect? Parliament; which reassembled on Monday, after the Easter recess, is but insufficiently occupied.' It is almost incredible, but it is ti ne, the Ministers have scarcely condescended jet to announce the fact of the peace. Au liish member, Mr. French, of no account ia the House, nsked Lord Palmerston in a by thc-byo way on Monday, was the news true, mid Lord. Palmerston answered in a jaunty unimpoitant way that it was ¡-the scone Icing fo ridicuious^the topic considered, that the all but empty House got up a hollow laugh. In the Lords the Opposition, perhapä waiting-- lor Lord Clarendon, ? whom thev will seTiously bully, havo displayed the samo «v undignified taciturnity, the ministers liiere being as carelessly uncommunicative. Parliament hears a great deni from Lord Palmerston,.in the conscious- ness that just for the presentíais master of the situation, and he makes thb most of their f j coplmnoy ; but the reaction will no doubt Le terrible Every one waits for the officially proclaimed peace, the debates and divisions the) eon. Till then o very on o conspires and intiigues. Tho private din about public com- binations-of Russell and Gladstone-of the Duke of Newcastle and Lord Groy-of Pal- merston and Disraeli-is ' incessant. In utility, nobody is very sure of what impends; niul Lord Palmerston said last Sunday that he considcrs.that the Minister for place is tho minister who brought about the peace. It U suggested that lie ought to be rewarded by a "stop in the peerage." But lu has no childron : his undent lins dies with him; and his unimpaired vigor is in favor of dying whoio hotter Irish lnen than ho have ambitioned to givo up the Celtic ghost-on the floor of the House of Commons. He will fight hard against tho toulitions, and, as ho has a friend In tha coi dial ally, may be able to manage his worst, but most cautious, enemy-his Royal Illili ncps Prince Albert. As for the country gon; rally, it is not thought of by the intriguers; but the country has no wish for one mau in preference to another at this moment ; and if Loid Palmerston dissolves ou a good pro- gramme of honest, national, non- aristocratic nu-asmes, ho would get the chanco of dyius Premier. But for a renewed squabble last night iu the Commons, between Sir James Grahaai and Admiral Napier, the Parliamentary weak would have been without interest. In their la-it light, these two mon of war parted, as ships have often done, equally disabled ; but in tin drift together again last night Sir Jamsä got worst off. On the formor occasion it w.n proved with equal distinctness, in rêferoti03 to the Baltio campaign, that Sir Jamc3 Gra- ham was a very bad First Lord of the Admi- ralty, and that Sir Charles Napier was aa exceedingly" used-up old Admiral. List night fcîir James, who is a gojd linter, with vehement venom, and who blunders us tho excessively malicious must, iu overdoing their spite, raised the ques- tion-Did Sir C. Napier really servo well at Aero in 1840? Ho said that ho was com- pelled to go into the inquiry, because, having before hinted that Sir Charles hod boasted too much about Acre, and Sir OharlcB having an- swered in tho papers that' there was not a word of tiuth iu tho hint, and that the hint was got up to injuro, ho was bound to dofeuu his veracity before the HOUBO of Commoa-f. Now, the House has a great respect for Sic James Graham as a debater, but It knowj that in his wily career he has not boon vory chivulric, and it did not see tho necessity for his dedicate souse of honor-bis touchinesi al out hisvoroclty. But it could not be helpau. Sir James, in his most suavoly soleara manner, solzod tho e«r of tho House sad kept it by his cunning rhetoric for an hour. He seemed to mako out bis coso against the Admiral, people having lately como to ma conclusion that tho Napicrs generally aw Tather Gascons, too loud about too little, ana seeing tho effect ho was producing, as wall m the expression of the HOUBO as In tho unconUL wrigglings of his victim, who Bat just bolow him, he was triumphantly sneering ano. savage. But he over-did it ; and, when he sat down, tho general feeling was that he hau not teen very grand in raking UP stones, sixteen years old, against a wretched old sailor whosa old ago had boon rendered sufficiently mläir ablo by the exposure of his Baltic abortions. As Sir Charles Napier, hitching his trou««, rose from a hundió of bandanna and papers, Sir James smiled down, on .lum hi) copious anillo of Pecksmffiaa pity, bir Charles, however, very soon altered ttuw smile. Very roughly, rathor incoherently, scarcely ever finishing a sentence, mixing u> his documents, general y flourishing the ban- danna and scattering.tho papers, the olanwi still told, with sufficient clearness, a piala story. Iii an hour ho had risen to his oil fame in England :-he had utterly destroy*! sTjamartcoBe: vindicated his own co. diet: represented himself as a hero. I on not icporting an individual opinion. He «t. down amid cheers from aJl parta of b House, these cheers led by thal truo geatli ¡u ufareiuts of Granby, whose deep toneä 't dsgùst felt at the conduct of l.m The brief debate sufficiently speaks Rims of the House. It was noticeable ,tff honorable gentleman edged away James Graham's corner, fsaw him, ,t was all °Tcr. «easing the lobby, 'lióme ? and I remarked thatgentleuim Û the customary greetings. ?" govcrnment have only three billa of Lcnce before parllamont, the Polio, Seh is to be strongly opposed, on anti fition grounds, both by counties and notwithstanding the alterations ra it; tho bill for rcfoinmig, in a very im,/ the corrupt Corporation of wind the bill (Lords) for using the Sv of the Poor Law Board for tha ilrtofobtaining " agricultural statistics " ¡hilliers are indignant at the notion of this 'mnmsitorial measure," but tho land i j» not much abet the opposition, if we íinñic from Lord Derby's condition.il Sec in the bill last night. Mr. Sashed Town Dues Bul is not yet in I lice the towns being again ready to Kunst the names Mr. Lowe proposas, i jft Lowe and Manchestor continuo to i »iib one another on the question,-was Lu ruined by Mr. Lowe's activity, or by Kr's want of activity ? Mr. Lowe, it li is not likely soon to forgive Lord Scon's insolent treatment, in dropping Ulsounceremonipuslj. k education debate comes oft next wielc. , rolnutaryists are agitating against it. Government are indifferent. The Tories '«lit up, one part following Mr. Henley, ft section Sir John Pilkington. Tho Sirlets oppose. What chance, then, has Hil' Lore! John has none of the personal ¡nice left that could weld together tho siding elements. teaoverriment, through Sir George Groy, » assented to a motion of Mr. Francis k [or a committee to inquire-as en «d by Sir George into the results of the «lion of the transpoi tatton system. The « of magistrates, unpaid and stipendiary, n come to the conclusion that the ticket laie system is a complete failure as ro- ¡ Á the convicts, and is a perilous nuisance wic|y; that is to say, England likes ,a|j just as little as tho colonies upon . maa forced convicts Hkcd them,-and «to to ended. But it is of extremo doubt ' ¡Itlic committee will report on that vary ¡Question—what the Binful country is to ,itli Its criminals. According to various ita iu the significant debate, the m of transportation must again bo ro- si to, unless England will double the mice to Government for keeping crirai confined. Mr. Labouchere said, with wigns of emotion, that no place was «t Western Australia, and that this last ¡e for the British convict was nearly ie Government hop, to some extent, n charge of a bill called the Medical citation Bill, brought in by Mr. Headlam, mstcr, and Mr. Brady, a surgeon, and on they are sure to undergo defeat. Its oh Is to enforce the registration of all the »lally qualified medical men,"-thoso 'being as medical men without orthodox ornas to bo subject to penalties and phment. It ÍB a hill to put down itki," in short, But it happens thit apathy is getting into laahion : it succeeded table turning and spirit png in high London society ; it likewise happens that lu :don there are several bone setting quacks, 1 enormous practice among the poor, who ie considerable influence with that over id SI.P., the nictiopolltan member. Ac iingly, Loid Boheit Grosvenor, on behalf eonjenial Belgravia, and Mr. Thomas ncombe, for the vulgar quacks, with whom naturally sympathises as the aristocratic ber for democratic Finsbury, lead in re m to the bill ; and it will fail, like all preceding attempts to organise tho com- tive profession. Free trade in physic m free trade in corn. Government will have to give way to ijilation for cheap wines. Lord Pal- lion lias suffered a deputation on the W, and in the Potteries there t leen open- air meetings of working ! who declare that they would pro ¡ood wine to adulterated beer, if the tcaii be got as cheap, which several ita of Parliament assure them ii le possible. Wo aro to be a less drunken airy when wo get wine from Spain and ince at one shilling a bottle. But climate iMiucthing to do with tho special London liney to gin and tho general British tau KI to that essential Saxon drink-ale. IheUnited States, it appears from a Om iiitl paper quoted in the London papers, (««sumption ofwino is increasing with idticlopment of the Cincinnati vinoyards. nug lias been heard lately about Austra-, ¡wines, about which somuoh was Baid in ttttion with the Paris Exhibition soino ti!« age. Iktold conflict between Young England Sfaiohester was resumed in the'House of usons this week on a bill brought in to informer acts (how British is that !) rogu tithe "fencing of machinery, for thopre lionofaccidents. Theformernctshavebeon unjustly, with too large an interpret a, says Manchester through the Lauca ?t member (Patten) introducing the bill. Half severely enough, as the freevuoncy of :tats shows, answers Young England, ¡tali Lord John Monnors. Government s between, and attempts a compromise, I loth parties are ongry_. The bitternesi mo in the slight discussion suggests that Tories fool their stiength in abetting the ans against the middle class employors ; but of that junction of lord and woavor, Iromc day como danger to lord, weaver, manufacturer. ii Malins has brought in a bill to give ried women piotection against husbaii'ls ases of reversionary property. The man's rights" question is being- not Wed but chatted-extensively by an flilion of strong-minded ladies of a moral enerism of view. Mr. Malins offers to ibrncnt the thin end of the wedge. What to »lill the wife-beater is a question still ?tilled by the House; and, ad interim, the ¡Mating cases multiply, 'f the large reforms to which we are ex- it«! to devoto ourselves in the opoch of ice,three nie on the "paper." Mr. Miall, '/onformibt chief, proposes the abolition k Irish Church,ba topic he has nelthor M strength nor Parliamentary position 'Mr. Henry Berkeley has a day fixed for ballot, and on the debate tho talked of ' non of the liberal party" will be dtitectod, tahua Walmsley, who inherits tho ques «from Mr. Hume, is to propose Parlin »tuy Reform. His bill consists of ono p,-that every male adult occupant of a Pi rated to the poor, whether In town I ronntry, so occupying for twelve fife, hhaU have a right to vote for tnoui Pdmembers. " Simple enough that, isn't I uks Sir Joshua proudly. Perhaps, if fohclly were tho point, even that might be ijtaed! What will be done in respect to t'iije extension greatly depends on the swLord Palmerston takes, and the bold Bo! tim Woburn Whigs; but, as to thai »lot,it has sonsibly progressed towards so- wn The Melbourne Parliament has 'Hil IIB in that direction, ln Houso of Commons, despite the no ?si debates, is busy. and with business. It »voted many millions this week. There »only ono noticeablo opposition to the ¡«ra division having taken place against 'imposed profusion for royal palaces and "ii on which hundreds of thousands aro .« ciery year, without any one over being '«lo find out howth i money goes. Thoro j (thirty-three unloyal members-gentlemen lowill never bo asked to court. Thoy wero What inflexible Catholic Mr. Bowyor. "capital punishment" question one of f«iany questions periodically agitating us fkn to the nation how to live-has baan '«need a stage. A gallows stagol The J'Uy lias been shocked by the hideous nar »e of tho dreadful scene occurring at the »hanging of Bousfield, the lunatic wife »ww, last Monday morning. It is not to abolish hanging because au went occurs in one case, but the îtt&ion; bas aided the abolitionists. we are five persons now waiting "oxocu »in England; and it is asked that this «0|>liei!, or, at any rate, that private ex »lions be adopted. Wh« "lustration of the social horrors °«'Jiiig our gorgeous public life:-Sir «6« Grey has stated to the House of Oom JT, that the police have at last taken "" *£ put a sto.P to the export tra lio Ä English girls devoted to foreign ««tution! A case at a police court ox ZJr? »Wtem, and the majesty of the f isii law declares that prostitutes shall exported they shall be detainel at ?eJ,°*yimiU<î0 °, the adulteration! of feg»¡i» to sit,! and to take alarji-, ¡ciu,i^ry '°J lliî 8a,tUoJr, fl.audB ta «wtjwt mt "fi «As tlle,lft8t indication of the W» i^T0?.00 he procured ovnr great C,* the motion in the House of T,lut night for "returns" of "his ^»t» 'U, tulh the Commissioners of tu Ii'rsh Encumbered Estates Court,"-grave . accusations being made by a memher that J radleir '"had the car" of one of tho Commis- . Fioners, and obtained undue advantages. James Sadleir, brother of the deceased, now I stands convicted by public opinion, of know- ledge of his brothers frauds, and as the in-, quiry goes on other names become polluted , by records of their participation in the foul villainy of tho man who was picked from thî lublic men of Ireland for the confidence | of the Roman Catholio hierarchy. That' eminent Sadleirite, Mr. William ' Keogh, Sadlcir's close political ally, < has, all these disclosures notwithstanding, bicorne a Judge, vice Mr. Justice Torrens, de- ceased. The outcry is, of course, great in Ire bnd. and it is said that the Tory party in Par] mmeut, whom Mr. Keogh has often < utraged, intend to move an address to the Ci own for his removal from the Bench. The ground taken is, his political perjury-an iu lonvenient accusation in a period when 1 ouis Napoleon is her Majesty's cordial ally. 1 ut the appointment is indiscreet, and sho .va v hat a reckless ftian is our Prime Minister. Lord Dalhousie is expected home in about ihree weeks, aud his presence, as the only fitccessful public man we have uncompro n.iscd by the war or by the peace, is likely to 1 loduce some chango in the calculations of ) olitical coteries. The statemont 'that the Princess Royal ii io be married to the Prussian heir-npparcnt I IF confirmed. The ceremony of tho betrothal v ill take place in the courso of tho summer. i1 he is very pretty, and will get a good dowry cut of Parliament. Tho Times was wroth with the rumor during the war when it was fbo cue to abuso Prussia, but the Thunderer is very tame now, on ascertaining what slight attention has been paid to his boisterous But harmless bolts. Kossuth has reappeared on tho political stage. That ludicrous classical radical, Savage 11 andor, wrote to the Times to Bay that he understood Kossuth is very poor, thit Here ought to be a public subscrip- tion, and that ho would be happy to Find £10. Kossuth replies-that his private affairs are his own,-that; ho declines public alms. But immediately after he is found lec- turing, and. the confession is inevitable. The subject he takes is the Concordat between the Pope and Austria. He somewhat spoils his theme and injures himself by treating it from the sectarian point of view-a point of view that may, however, be necessary to collect audiences. His argument ought to rouse the country. ' There are 3,500,000 Protestants in Hungary, tho Magyars having been Reformers before Luther was born, being John Huss Re- formers. By tho Concordat, signed by the Emperor of Austria, his Majesty places these Protestant subjects of his under the control of the Catholic Religion's police. They are deprived of civil and religious rights. They are where tho Huguenots were on the revo cation of the edict of Nantes. Will Englamd, which roared for the Madiai, Tuscany being a small State, and which intervenes for the Christians of Turkey, Turkey being a weak State, interfere in behalf of the Hungarian Protestants? Kossuth's lecture was one of the most eloquent human discourses ever pronounced. He lifts up his stately head with the solemn sorrow of an exile in the sunken cheeks and the hollow eyes, but with undiminished pride of port, with un- daunted confidence in the future of his cause, and with an eloquence mar- vellously exquisite. But his superb appeal is a satire upon us free and liberty-loving people, who yet are content to have Great Britain perverted to the purposes of a narrow governing class. It is reported that Lord Elgin will bo soli- cited to go as Governor to Victoria, but before 1 e could accept, the dignity of the Govern- ment and the emoluments of tho Governor (!) would havo to be increased. Sir Thomas Bedington has also been named, but you would soon send Sir Thomas home again. The event of the Ministerial crisis al; Mel- bourne is anxiously looked for. The press, both of London and the largo lowns, is agitating the question of postal communication with Australia. It was re- ported at the House of Commons last night that Sir John Pakington bad "scratched" his notice (to call the attention of the HOUÍO lo the Subjoct) because it was understood that the Lords of the Treasury would give way ; would riot await the decision of tho colonies nccoiding to tho terms of tho recent minuta ; 'but would putou some steam service imtna diat'ely.- Tho tenders Bent in aro four, tis I hear : ono from certain shareholders or debris of the General Screw Company for screw Fhips round the Cape, all tho way ; one from i he. Boyal Mail (West India) Compauy to convey tho moils to Panama; ono from the Peninsular and Oriental Company to go, as 1 efore, to Point de Gallo, with fast ships (at ["cubic their former charge) ; and ono from the old '"Australian" to reçoive tho mails from the Royal, via Panama, and carry them on to the colonies. It is also rumored that somo gentlemen of tho "Australian Association" in this city will propose to contract for their own Siiéü and DI. go Garcia route, WHO IS TO BE OUR GOVERNOR ? (From the Morning Star, April i.) " Who is to be our Governor ?" they are caking at present in the great colony of Vic 1oiia. The question is proposed with all thi nnxiety suggested by the knowledge that i.uually such a matter is settled in England with very little consideration of colonial in ifiests. The last mail left thom without a Governor Or a Ministry-a trying crisis for a colony but just bursting into solf government under a new constitution, There was every hope that' tho bold mon who carried tho motion for that "un-English," but now Aus t alian system, the ballot, would go wall thlough their work and form a strong ad- ministration. But the fact that tho Governor whom tho Colonial Office is now to send out will meet willi a strong Government on laud- ing, and that strong Government practisud, during the interregnum, in dispensing with nn " Excellency," (for the Commander of tlu Torces who fills up tho interval at Go- vernment Houso will be a very passive psr »onago,) renders it all the more importaut that the greatei-t circumspection should bo observed iu tho selection. Sir Charles Hotham was not succes3ful. Do was fussy and dictatorial. The colony, going through a commercial difficulty, aud in a constitutional transition, required in the Governor an experienced stutesman, of polished manners und steady volition, oi pable of governing by leading. Sir Charl a Botham's business was to take the position of the first subject in the colony, identifying himself with the colonists. Instead of thU he assumed all the airs of a procor.sul, au 1 he was a proconsul who had been educated on the quarter- deck. The man wanted was such a man as Lord Elgin, and if Lord Elgin could now be pjr ßundcd to proceed to Victoria, the choice would bo peculiarly a happy one. Lord Elgin carried the Canadas through thelt crisis, from dependence on the Colonial Cffice into perfect self-government, and all lils traditions, as a" Colonial-Governor, would sei ve him in teaching to Victoria the le330ii of responsible government. W hoover is to be the Governor of Victoria, the Government hore would do weU to let Lim take out, as a propitiation, a message that tho Lords of the Treasury aro at last convinced of their criminal neglect of the Sostal communication with tho Australlas. 'or seventeen months-that is, since the war broke out-there has beon no steam commu- nication with the second best market we have iu the world, although there never was any pretext in tho war for the lapso of the Penin- sular and Oriental Company's contract, and notwithstanding that steam communi- cation was tho wholo timo maintained to every other commercial point. In those seventeen months the service to Australia has beon performed by the clipper ship* of Liverpool, occupying on an average eighty to ninety days in the passage, whilo Australia Is easily attainable via Suez in thirty-five to fortydive days. The supply of Australian poid during that time lias saved EnglanJ from .the commercial crisis, threatened by thi war ; and tho Intorest of the money unneces earily delayed in the transit would, have built a fleet equal to the Canard line's six bast lioats. It is a shameful story, to which Bli John Pakington is this evening to call the attention of the Houso of Commons. THE TREATY OF PEACE. At ono o'clock on Sunday, March 80th the Plenipotentiaries of tho European Power, assembled in Paris signed the Treaty of Peace War was proclaimed on tho 27th of Mardi 3854, and has terminated juBt two years and two days from the period of its commença ment. The treaty is to take effect from tlu date of Its signaturo, and not, as usual, froo the date of its ratification ; BO that we hav< actually passed into u condition of |>2ae .without boing in the least aware of the gra dntions through which it was to be obtaino I The Times observes that the war has baot floiious and prosperous for the Western 'ewers, by demonstrating tho purity of tluii motives, the extent of their resources, theil dauntless courage, their inviolable goo: faith, and that stern and sti-adfast resolutiot which seems able to control even fortum heiFolf, and to bend to Its will th most adverse and threatening circumstattc It were invidious to enter too critically into the share of morlt to be awarded to either party. The brunt of the struggle at Alma aud Inkermann was borne by the English; the beat approaches to Sebastopol and the finally successful assault were W13 voile of the French; aud, if wo have abun- dant reasons to complain of our Goner.ils, France has as little reason to bo satisfied with the want of vigor which neutralised her great success of the 8th of September, The English army suffered most at the beginning, the French at the end of tho war ; and, if France has shown most skill in the conduct of hostilities, England was better able to continue them, for her r.- I sources woie only beginning to be dovolopad at the very moment when those of the other belligerents had perceptibly diminished. In a military point of view, the losses of Russia have been signal and overwhelming. Half a million of valiant soldiers, a vast fleet, arsenals of boundless abundance, her v hole means of internal transport, have van- ished in the course of two brief years, and the Power which would not condescend to re- turn any answer to our remonstrances in 1864 Is glad to seek for peace, with an admission of its absoluto necessity, in 1856. Her unjust claims are abandoned, her haughty tona is lowered : she has felt m her own vitals that tonsuming flame of war with which sho bos so often infested the roñoso of weaker States, and she has learnt that there is a Power as superior to her in that physical force to which she bos over been ready to appeal as in that justice and moderation which her neighbors have so often sought from her in vain. But at this heavy price Russia has undoubtedly I purchased gieat advantages. Sho has nwoke from the delusion of universal con- quest-from the dream that a Power resting purely on a military basis can for a momont successfully compete with those which add to military strength a highly-developed intorual organisation ; and, as it would seem, she has turned her attention to tho development of her internal resources, with the view, possibly, of renewing the conflict at some future date, but with the certainty that by raising up an internal material prosperity she will be on listing her own Interests most powerfully »gainst trie warliko spirit, which flourishes only among nations that believe they have more to gaiu by plunder than by commorco, The supposed conditions of the treaty of pence, and the public rejoicings conse- quent upon its signature, will be found detailed in our supplement. Tho Pays says, " The treaty of March 30 is as complete in tenor as in form, and will re- quire no new or supplemental signature on account of any of the points with which the Congress is at this momout occupied." It is also stated by the Pays that no new conven- tion, properly so called, has been made with regard to an extension of the armistice : the Commanders of the belligerent armies have been simply instructed not to renew hostili- ties until further orders. The Patrie, in an article dwelling upon the expediency, "now that the Eastern war is over, of developing, upon a largo scale, the French colonies in Africa, is kind enough io offer the neighborly hint that in case of a war between England and the United States (which of courso the Patrie hopes may be long deferred), Manchester might obtain its cotton from Algiers instead of from America. Such an eventuality the Paine considers would bo " a great stop lu the interest of the peace of the world towards a stable balance of power." THE CORONATION OF THE CZAR. A letter from St. Petersburg, of tho 25th, in tho Lord of Brussels, soys :-" The coronation will not tako place before the month of Au- gust, on account of tho extensive preparations which are required The 31st is montioned al tho day. The health of the Empress-Mother requiting a visit to somo of the baths of Gor lnany, it is possible that she will not bo pre- sent, The ceremony will be performed with the greatest pomp. Tho costumes worn on the occasion will rcsomblo as closely as possible» tho ancient ones of Russia. The armorial bearings to be displayed on the occasion have boen all submitted to the examination of persons experienced in heraldry. Eighteou carriages, richly gilt, have been ordered for the grand cortege. Tho war, as you may well suppose, has not allowed any ono hitherto to thinjc of all tho details of a ceremony so complex and so vast as that of a coronation in Russia." BRITISH RELATIONS WITH AMERICA. The, Times of tho 1st April concludes an article on the peace with these significant words :— Is it possible that any other empire in the world, especially that oinpiro which is ever matching itself with Russia and claiming tho benefit of the Russian examplo, should chooäo tliÎB very timo for assorting its most pre- posterous claims? AllTSuropo is nqw re- sounding with the grateful notes Qf peace. Every State rejoices for the event which secuios " the integrity and independonco"of a weak people against tho schemes of a powot,' ful neighbor. Wo trust the triumph will not be marred, the hymn of praise janed, and tho universal judgment defied by the ap- pearance of a new dictator in the Western hemisphere, as imperious, as egotistical, as resolved to give its own law to tho world, and as cortain to be brought under the world's law, as that which has just made its timely submission to a European Congress. CHECK AND COUNTER CHECK. It is agreed on all hauds (says the PaiiB corre- spondent of the Morning Advertiser) that Lord Claicndon has given proofs of his possossion of many of the rarest qualifications which are essential to tho character of a great states- man. His superiority to his fellow Plenipo- tentiaries ana Ambassadors was, from the first, remarked by the sagacious Emperor of the French, who has, from the first, treated him with marked distinction, whilst the Aus- trian and Prussian Representatives have boon severely snubbed. Adiplomatic duelhas taken place between tho Emperor and our Minister, and it is difficult to decide which is the victoi. When the Plenipotentiaries had agreed upon the very last article of the treaty of peace, Lord Clarendon rose and proposed to insert in tho preamblo of the treaty that it I was due to the Emperor Napoleon III. te state how largchad benn his share inbringing nbout the peaco, and that his preponderating influence had prevailed throughout the pro- ceedings. The Plenipotentiaries unanimously cxpiessed their readiness to introduce such ti paragiaph into the preamble. The Prusäian and Austrian MiniBtors could scarce couoeal theil chagrin that tho idea liad not originated with them, as thoy would willingly have propitiated the Emperor by the compli- ment. , Louis Napoleon ia, however, as sagacious as Lord Clarendon; perhaps even more so. A shuttlecock would havo no moro chance with a battledore than any diplomatist who attempts to copo witl: him. The treaty was brought to the Tullerioí by tho Plenipotentiaries. The complimenta^ preamble wai read to the Emporor, who in stuntly saw through tho flimsy veil: bode tccted Lord Clarendon in au attempt te throw upon him the responsibilityof making 1 , pence uuder cover of a compliment upon hi i preponderating influence, and mark ho« skilfully the Emperor pan ¡ed the blow. In 1 his address to tho Corps Diplomatique, the Eui peror said that the peace was the moro satis factory as it was founded on tho very pria ciples laid down by Loid Clarendon lu th; British Parliament. His Majesty know thal the English peoplo could never give their ap- proval to this treaty, that John Bull woutc not sign away his birthright for so miserable a mess of pottage ; ho knew that Lord Claren don would return to England, and throw upon him tho entire responsibility of the peace treaty, aud thus skilfully has ho traus ftrred to-hiß Lordship the compliment iu tended for lumsolf. - His Majesty topped up this clover ruse bj another: tho Plenipotentiaries came to thi Tuileries bursting with tbe desire to gol away, that thoy might telegraph the lou: Ëent-up nows to their respective courts. Thi Imporor detained them for a considerable time in conversation, that the news might b¡ telegraphed to his representatives at the Baid courts, that they might have the honor auc glory of being tho first to communicate tin intelligence. RUSSIA. Tho following interesting communioatioi Is from the Times correspondent at Berlin: It is regarded as a very significant proof 0 tho sincerity of tho Russian Government it its professions of reform that it does not hesi tate to publish intimations of tho many de facts and abuses of the administration in thi public journals. Thus the Invalide publlshui now in a month moro public censures thai wore ever known in former times to havo beer bjsued in a year. Besides the consuro pas3ec upon Gen.Marln and Major-GenoralvonBrunn for not looking bettor after the cquipmonti of the reservo division of tho 6th Infantry corps, the officers themselves whose dlreo duty it was to provide adequato equipment ard supplies aro handed over to a court mar tlal: in the first instance Major-Genera Wolkoff, and then tho other stall and sups I rior officers, according to their complicity ir tho various faults of omission and commis sion, are to bo brought to trial, and to receiv. tho punishments adjudged them by thi 1 court. It becomes now clearer and clearer every day thot it was theEmperor's trip to the Crimea, and the inspection of the troop3 thore, that contributed more than anything else to tho pacific course that Russia has entered upon. The losses sustained by the ti oops in their forced marches are by thii time pretty well asceitainedashaving reached a fearful percentage. The militia of Kursk and Kaluga, the two divisions of Grj nadicrB, and the reserve troops from Mos- cow were literally decimated before th»y reached the scene of action, and after the battle of Truktir the Commander-in-Ohief crucially declared that ho hardly felt himsjlf strong enough to maintain his ground in the fortified positions he had taken up. The pa- cific inclinations of Russia are clearly to b3 traced to these results, combined with the probability of the coalition against her iu cieasing in extent omd force. In spite of all the prospects of peace the military authorities ore compelled to resort to the greatest seve- nty to piocuro reciuits to fill up the enormous gaps the late war has made in the îanks. A lctki horn a Russian source dilates upon the alteied state of feeling that exists now I ctweon tho Emperors of Russia and Aus- tria. Formerly, whatever took place ia the political attitude of the two States, nothing could effect the natural and imposing influence exercised personally over Francis Joseph by his uncle Nicholas, who had so often dandled him on bis knee as an infant. Towards the Emperor Alexander, however, tho feeling is understood to be very different, and to have produced a sensation of disappointment and slight in the breast of the latter, which finds expression from time to time in words and in action. On the Emperor Alexander's mounting the throne it was intended and l ful friends would bo recognised and realised, but the Russian imperial family has seen with great pain that Austria bas been the causo of an unbroken series of em- barrassments and mortifications to Russia in the lato conflict, and there is every appear- ance that this will not be soon forgotten in Bussia. To begin with, the frontier inter- course between Russia and the Austrian Crown lands, which formerly enjoyed pecu- liar privileges and facilities, has been put under considerable íestrictions, and the lormer has cioarly intimated her intention of .withholding the support she had promised to ofloid to tho Austrian plans in connection with tho Danubian Principalities. A Ooitious SPECULATION- The Dublin Wa- lton contains a curious article, in which th¿ .writer declares his deliberate conviction that there exist reasons of a reliable character for behoving that Mr. John Sadleir has not com- mitted suicide, but has simply beon playing the trick so well known both in history and romance, of a pietended death and a suppo- sititious corpse. THE PRUSSIAN MARRIAGE.—It is understood that Prince Frederick of Prussia has formally asked and obtained the sanction of the King to his requesting in marriage the Princess BOA al of England. Tho publicity of this pioceiding is supposed to imply a knowledge that tin English Court will approve the union proposed.—Economist. HORRIBLE SCENE AT AN EXECUTION. The convict Bousfield was executed, or tortured to death for the murder of his wife and three children, on the morning of Monday, the 31st of March, at the Old Bailey. It is our most painful duty to lay before our readers an account of what passed on the occasion, and long may it be before a duty of the same kind may devolve upon us again ! Such a spectacle as the one which was presented yesterday morning to the eyes of some four or five thousand spectators has not been seen in England in our time. The facts of the case stand as follows :—For the two days preceding his execution the wretched murderer, Bousfield, seems to have sunk under the horrors of his position. As the fatal hour approached his strength and resolution entirely gave way. When the Sheriffs and Ordinary entered his cell they found him seated on a chair, sup- ported by two men. He neither spoke nor at- tempted to speak. Restoratives were admin- istered but without any effect, and then the Sheriffs most prudently and humanely re- solved to cut short the dreadful scene, and gave the signal for the pro- cession to move on. Bousfield could not stand. One of the turnkeys took hold of him by the shoulders and another by the legs, and in this condition, "near double up," the wretched creature was carried to the scaffold. All this while the prison bell was tolling—the Ordinary was reading the funeral service. A difficulty arose. How was the murderer to be carried up the steps which led to the platform? Some one suggested that a chair should be brought. A high backed chair was accordingly procured from the Governor's office ; Bousfield was placed upon it, and so carried up, and seated upon the drop. So far no blame is attributable to anybody. To the officers of the prison and to the Sheriffs the discharge of a most painful duty had been entrusted and they were bound to carry it through. When matters had proceeded thus far the executioner came forward to perform his part. It is said to have been remarked by the bystanders that he was under the influence of great nervousness and agitation. In a hurried manner he pulled the cap over Bousfield's head, adjusted the noose, and ran down below. It must be re- membered that all this time the doomed man was seated upon the chair. On a sudden, and without waiting for the signal, the exe- cutioner shot back the bolt, the chair foil through, and the miserable creature was sus- pended by his neck. At this moment began the unusual horror of the scene Scarcely had a socond or two elapsed when the wretched man's stiongth, which foi 48 hours previously had beon so completely pros- strated, seemed to return to him in a preter- natural mannor. His convulsions were awful. He succeeded in placing first one foot aud thoa then the other on the side of the scaf- fold. The turnkeys wont on the scaffold, and pushed his legs away. Again the effort was repeated, and with the like success. The executioner clung to the man's legs. As soon as he relaxed his hold the same convulsive effort was repeated, and again the wreathed creature regained his foothold. Again he was cast off, and a fourth time happily this was the last—he planted his foot on the edge of the scaffold, a fourth time he was cast off; and with a few more feeble struggles the horrid scene was brought to a close. SEVEN DAYS' LATER FROM AMERICA. BY the Africa, which arrived at Liver- pool on the 31st of March, we have news i'rom New York to the 19th of that month : In the Senate, Mr. Douglas reported a bill, authorising the people of Kanzas to form a State Government, preparatory to her admis- sion into tho Union, when she shall havo a requisite population. Mr. Clayton made a speech on the Olayton Bulwer Treaty. He alluded to tho course followed by Great Britain in regard to it ; to the proposed Paoifio Railroad ; to the importance of an intoroceanic canal across the Isthmus of Panama ; to the Tran- sit Company's difficulty, to the filibustering of General Walker. Ho expressed his grati- fication at the extraordinary unanimity shown during tho discussion in the Sonate with regard to tho construction of that treaty, and saw thot nil gentlemen had agreed in re- pudiating as utterly unworthy their regard the new construction put upon it by tho British Government. He entirely approved the conduct of the Administration relative the difficulties with England, and highly eulo- gised the State papers of Messrs Marcy and Buchanan. He was also gratified at the enorgy with which tho Administration had Sut down the filibustering sohomes, and he enounced General Walker as a ruffian, buccaneer, and pirate. He was no partisan of the President, but when their foreign relations were conducted with signal ability he was willing to give the Administration duo credit. In the House of Representatives the dis- cussion on the Kansas election had beon con- tinued. The New York Herald says "Our Washington correspondent states upon good authority, that Mr. CamptonwiU be ro called. It is intimated that he has incurred the censure of his Government by the course ho followed in the enlistment affair." A Baltimore schoonor had been seized at Now York, under orders of the United States district attorney, charged with being fitted out as a slaver. A destructive fire had occurred at Boston and destroyed 56,000 dollars' worth of pro- perty. A fearful accident had occurred on tho Delaware River. One of the Camden and Philadelphia fenyboats took fire when in the middle of the stream. The flames sprea I vi Hi gie at rapidity. The boat becamo un n-iuiageiiblo. The passengers, about OAJ bundled in numbor, panic-stricken, leapt into the water, to escape n terrible death by burning. Many of then were picked up, but some thirty were drowned. The sacrifice of life- is attributable to tho ferryboat being de- stitute of small lunts «nd life-preservers. Governor Reeder was elected United Statoj Senator of the that ballot for six yeaw, and General Laue on the Second, three years, by tho Legislature of Kansas, which remained in se sion. The George Law had arrived from Aspm wa'l vith the California mails aud tate news from the West Coast and Syd- ney, Australia: she had 1,219,053 dollars in treasure. An omnibus line in conjunction with the railway was about to bo started at Panama. The project was well supported by the people. The railroad depot waB com- pletely filled by the European and American merchandise waiting for transport to South America and California. The State debt, amounting to 10,000 dols., due to Señor Calvo, had been paid. Congress had assembled and was oigauisil at Bogota. The Death Penalty Bill had becu auolisiied. The Vice-President's Message gave a gratifying report of the Btate of tho country. We learn from Guatemala that General Cunera had returned to the capital after a tour in the interior provinces. Tue Legislative Assembly had dissolved, aud the Carnival was being observed. A general uneasiness existed in the public mind with regard to the prospect of a Walker Rivas invasion. The cochineal crop was damaged by a sudden fall of volcanic fuego ashes, which covered the ground for forty league?. The Panama papers stato that Hondura? was marching a force of 6000 men against Walker. Trade at San Juan was very dull. The French frigate L'Ambuscade hal teached Punta Arenas with strict Orders to put down any filibustering expedition she might fall in with on the high seas. Two valuable coal-mines had been dis- covered at Talcahuano. Flour had falleu ia Valparaiso from 10 dol. to 8 dol. 25c. In San Salvador, Don R. Campos had been iuauguratcd as President. He affixed his first official seal to a contract with the Panama Railway Company's agent, for the authorising of the steam communication spoken of be- fore. Coffee was being largely cultivated. The Costa Rioans wore determined to resist tho threats of the rejected Nicaragua envoys. From Mexico, via Havannah, wo learn that Puebla was besieged by 7000 troops, and was expected soon to surrender. Tho road to Mexico was unsafe for travelling. From Vera Cruz we learn, via Now Orleans, that General Comonfort left the cap- ital on the 20th ult., to put himself at the head of the troops to besiege Puebla : he would have 12,000 troops and 48 pieces of artillery. The officers who led the revolt at the Castle of San Juan do UUoa had been sentonced to bo Bhot. The departure of Nicaragua filibusters from New Orleans was openly proclaimed in the papéis. Havannah advices are to the 13 th inst. Sugar was slightly declining, and freights improving. There had been a grand reception at Mr. Crawford's, of Havannah, to which all the British officers in port were invited. Some of them got in- toxicated and insulted two Philadelphia ladies. An apology was tendored next day, and the affair was amicably ai ranged. Under date of the 10th inst., It is stated that the British ship-of war Powerful had arrived on the 1st with oiders to unite there all the English and French forces statiouo I in the Mexican Gulf, and to start immoll ately for Nicarogua. (most THE TIMES CORRESPONDBNT.) New York, March, 17. I am assured from Washington that the project of arbitrating the differences between Great Britain and this country eloes not find favor with the Government. Mr. Buchanan, as you Will have observed, placed his opposi- tion to arbitration upon the ground that "there is nothing to arbitrate." If the offei of arbitration Miourld be declined, it will be for reasons which are thus put forth by the Washington correspondent of the New York Evening Post. " 1." That we have so clear a right to insist on tho withdiawal of Great Britain from auj portion of Contrai America that no unpre judiced mind can deny it ; and that an indis putable light is not a fit subject for arbitra tion. Illustration-no one submits the ques tion of his propetty in the coat on his back which he has paid for at the tailor's, to the decision of a îeferco. If wo accedo to the proposition, It will imply a doubt as to tin justice of our claims under the treaty. " 2. Neither, party, if dissatisfietl, woulc submit to the award of the arbitrator, as pas experience has shown. ' 3. There is no leading Power Miosï. SJICC tion would he Satisfactory to both partiea Russia and Prussia aro the only Europeat: monarchs before' whom the Uuitea State Government wJH submit its case, and neitho Of them would betacceptablo to Grôat Bri tain. "4. The only case ever submitted to tin arbitiation of a foreignPower hy this Govern mont, bearing a likençs3 to tho present, wa decided to. the difitfatisfaction of both parties «nd not acpérJted. ' This was the decision b; .the Klag of tho Netherlands, January 1C 1831, ou .the ' North-Eastern Boundary,-i question BUbsoquontly decided in the treat; of 1842 by Webster ithd Ashburton." Mr, Benton is paid to havo suggested th piönriety of tossing up to settle the meanlni of the treaty. I am inclined to think tha such a way of determining it would be in har mony with the magnitude both of this ques tion and the enlistment affair. I ,The Government is troubled by privat letters informing it of a union of tho fou Central American States against Walkoi This piopagator of civilisation at the bayo net's point has lately unwisely exposed him self by annulling the charter of the Trami Company and by tho annexation of Mosqui tia to Nicaragua. The annulling of tho charter has an undei history which does not appear in the publi prints. Thcie have long been two rival lines t California-ono by way of Nicaragua, th other by way of Panama. Rivalry and \o\ fares have eaton away the profits of thes concerns till no dividends aro loft. At las the Panama people, who were the richer c the two, bought up enough of tho stock of th i other company to control it, and turned ou some of the old people. They had been friend of Walker in his hour of need : ho now reci piocatcs tho favor. It is said hero that England is ready to a. Bist the confetleracy against Walker by mono and military uid, and complaint is,made tha the in toi esta of this country In Central Americ have beon put in jeopardy by Walkei's move ments. Four treaties havo been successlvel negotiated with Central America, b this Government (without being ratified all veiy favorable to the United States. Bo it is now said that the course pursued b Walket has alienated from the United State the sympathy of tho Spanish populatiot and that Great Britain can make botte terms with them than the Uuited State can. You can judge of the coirectuo; of these viows quite as well as « in America. I am assured that Walker ht already ruado heavy exactions upon the com try. A friend writes me " In some cases li has taken as much as 12,000 dois., givin Government bonds iu return. Th makes thom interested in tho stability ( his regime with a vengeance " Tho Admini tration apprehend that the ropqrt of an inter tion on tho part of Great Britain and Frauc to increase their fleets is true, and ¿lint a po tion of their armies will also bo seut t Nicaragua. French and Sardinian meichau residing at Nicaragua have applied for til interposition of their Government in the behalf, to piocuro restitution from Walker e the money and goods exacted from them fe the support of his Govoinmehl. This Govert mont says yerv ¡iimurly that it has no rlgl to prevent sur'i i i interposition. SINGULAR O , .DUE or A BANKRUPT'S PRI PEiiTir.-A lo e : iys ago a clever capture wi made at thi oit of proporty belonging to bankrupt «'io had failed to surrender, j appeared lb .t in July last Aaron Marks an Nathan S daman, merchants of Sheffield au Australia, were adjudicated bankrupts in ti Leeds District Court of Bankruptcy. Marl surrendered, but Salaman, being in Au tralia, did not appear. By tho overlan mail the assignees of tho bankrup were apprised that Salaman had talc: his passage in the Emma for Englan which arrived in this port on Wednesda the 26th ult. The Leeds District Court in mediately forwarded a warrant to Mr. L. ' Gaskill, the messenger of tbis district, int mating that the bankrupt had considerab property on board, which the assignees wo anxious to secure for the benefit of the cred tors. Mr. Gaaktll Immediately placed pcrsoi on the look-out for the-Emma, then cxpecte dally. In the meantime, tho Lightning a rived three days before the Emma, and i lier ivas the bankrupt. The messenger havir ascertained this fact, made inquiry, and a certained that the bankrupt, after a short str at the Victoria Hotel, left town, taking wil him seven packages, supposed to bo valuabl The information was telegraphed to Shefficl whore, on the bankrupt's arrival, ho w, relieved by the Leeds messenger of thcsev\ packages. Mr. Gaskill thoa made a furth investigation, and discoveied on board ti Lightning 230 ounces of gold-dut< valued i £1200. This was stoppod by Mr. Gasklll's ordei ¡rubsequontly two Jews made applicatio 9 'to Messrs. Baines and Co. for the gold-dust, i but by virtue of tho messenger's warrant they j re fused to ' deliver it until an investigation bed been 'made into the circumstances of the caso. Au inquiry took place ou Saturday before Mr. Payne, the registrar of Sheffield, but the result has not yet transpired. Great praise is due to Mr. Gaskill for the activity and shrewdness he displayed in the matter, and for which he has received the thanks of the officials at Leeds.-European Times, Oth April. 