MINING INTELLIGENCE. BALLARAT. (FROM OUlt OWN COltllESrOXDENT.) Mav 12 th. 185G. TnE Mr.VEs. — Our weekly escort returns aro still keeping up well. That of last week took down to Melbourne upwards of 16,000 ounces of gold, anil nearly, £17,000 iu cash. Great activity prevails amongst tho minora, and although largo numbers of them are doing but little, still they persevere; and as it is said that ' perseverance commands succoss,' — U1U5U iwuuugBii uiu miuura wno uru uuiuriiiuutu, are sure to meet their just reward sooner or later. It is the hopo of this result which makes bo many clitig in the face oftentimes of ' mountains of diffi cullies' — to gold- digging, and it is surprising how in many instances it comes true. A party o miners, personally known to tnyself, have been on Ballarat for the lust two years, and it is only lately that they have been able to do anything worth speaking about. Iu the old workings on Ballarat proper, there are numbers at present doing first rate ; but I am sorry to add that thoy are a minority, of tho population. The rich claims on the Eureka - Black Hill Load, and the Gravel Pits, aro compara'o lively few and far between, aud to be within thff truth, do not compri-o much more than a third oy thoso that arc bottomed. There is, therefore, as you will see, nearly two thirds of the mining population working for a moro living, and macy of them can not even get that. Why should such a state o® things exist? The unfortunate miners generall t speaking toil as hard, lay out as much in sinkintl their shafts, and go to as great trouble as their morr fortunate neighbors do. What is the reason tline they do not get as much gold as them? Some wil say, ' because gold-digging is all a lottery.' Bue why should it bo all a lottery? Would it not be fa better to let every hard working miner have a shar of the golden treasures, than that a few should ge them all? But how arc they to get it? This ques tion is a legitimate one, and I wiil endeavor lo answer it in a few words : — simply by co-operating with ono another ; by establishing large co-operative bodies in tho different districts on this gold-field. By thia means all would bear an equal share in the losses, and equally so in the profits ; and instead of witnessing ou every side a great many poor, and a few rich men, thero would exist a community at once prosperous and happy, enjoying the fruits of their labor, and shariug alike in tho blessings of a bountiful Providence. There can be no doubt in the minds of intelligent men, but what such a state of things is much wanted by tho miners, however much they may differ as to tho agency to be employed in bringing it about ; aud if the truo ' friends' of the miners could only meet and have a conference over the matter, I have no doubt but that a great good would bo eil'ected. Only let somewise com prehensive scheme be devised which will secure tho ' mines for'lhj miners,' and not havo them as hitherto, for the most part toiling and working from day to day, and from year to year, like slaves, without proper remuneration. Unless this be done, the positiou of the great bulk of tho producing classes will si.uk to the same Icvol as those of their toiling brethren in the old country. Tho out diggings are attracting much attention amongst many of the miners at present. The Green Hills seem to be the favorite rush, and as n, conse-' quence, the population is very largo and still on the increase. A largo number are doing well, and from ail that I can learn the diggiugs are likely to prove pretty extensive, and very remunerative. Tilts grog shops, whether licensed or otherwise, are in abundance, and doing a rattliug trade, better than most of those now mining. The Chalk Hills have now become almost de serted, but th i Black Lead in that locality is still going a head, und contains a numerous and busy populat:on. Old Magpie is nearly giving up the ghost, and its former population, for the most part, are now the ' sippers nnd miners'' on Sebastopol Ilill — the- Frenchman's Lead. On tho White Horse Lead things are-' looking up.' A claim was bottomed on Saturday t-t 1-13 feet deep, and which, from the prospect obtained, is expected to yield its owners about £800 per man ; and it is also cxpeoted that the guitar will pay four or five chains wide. Should this latter supposition turn out true, there is likely to be strong dissatisfaction manifested against tlio birbariau system, which has been put iu force hero to a large extent. Be that as it may, tho miners who are enterprising enough to grapplewith tbe difficulties attendant on sinking a shaft ou tho White Horse Load certainly deserve larger claims thau those who havo none of those to contend with. At the same time, as thero is likely to bu a large rush to White Horse, care must be taken to guard aguinst a few monopo lising all the ground, which is expected to turn out exceedingly rich, otherwise serious difficulties may arise. A good many applications havo beou made to tho ncwly-elecled Local Court for largo tracts of ' worked ground,' bat with what success I am unablo to say. I understand that that body have been for the last few days engaged in revising the new rcgu lations, previous to their being passed ; wo therefore hope to see important^ aud ^extensive alterations madii iu them. Since my last wo have been visited by a heavy fall of rain, which has in some measure impeded mining operations, and left our roads in a fearful state. The oiouds however hive agnin cleared off, and wo may thei efore look forward to a few more fine days. . Gold, £3 17s Cd. 