SMUGGLING. . Smuggling;, there, is no doubt, sharpens the wits of the dullest people. A record of the various contrivances of smugglers would fill a volume with instances ot some of the subtlest efforts of human ingenuity. Ships seem to have been contrived on pur pose to defeat the revenue officers. The forms of vessels and the various contrivan ces to increase their strength afford im mense number of holes, cupboards, and recesses for stowing away contraband goods. A great quantity of articles are smuggled into the country inside the lining of ships—that is, between the inner ana outer planking of the sides; and, although Custom House Officers rummage a vessel all ov.er every time she arrives from a foreign port, they are deceived for months arid years together. An ingenious method of smuggling tobacco, has.: just been dis covered at. one of .the.outposts. .A space formed by the, lining of a mail, steam packet communicated with.a locker,. This locked,and space, were always; closely scru tinised,; the space .extended.a long way up tile,-side. of the- ship,jand it ;was obvious that;, it gradually (1 i minished .;to ; nothing. The. longest^arm^d revenue officer used to■ grope 5 about, ,andi finding.. nothing within reacli^jwas always satisfied .that. allhwas j ri^1it.:ViV^"stiang^,'liow.evei:, had been:passed through jthe,, top,:of; itliislspace, far beyornK the, veach.of the^pflicerls liarid and: ran for seyeral, yards along, thejliningvof the ship, w5iei:e'ithere;>vas.only.just rdonV-.fortitjpunf til it -wris ia'itene'drto,:tiie concealed: end of : a Joosened. Iiat;peg.;i5 When> uncbiledj;tlie; | stringy, by, nieans/ of^a smally weig'lit,'.drop-'1' /|)ed ^dOwn^ towards;, the locker/; a .quantity, oivtojjnccp ..was mrtached to jt, and; it Was Hliepj dragged, uf), with the itobncco,iput (of 5 tlie -way ,of", the ^Customs.;Qfficers'Migits.> ^h^lwi'e'-.cpnstoWias .cleaivthe string-was; Cuncoiled, ,and,down would drop ithe tobac-' . cpAwithin j;each,ftoibentaken away^ r/Largo quantities qiXspiritsjare>now smuggled into j the country^in sausage skins, i , These;skins 'containing.contra.bandieau-de^vie,; are also coiled round .the,;/waist. They;<>are • not completely filled ) then,.: so,t tliatuwhen a1 tide-waiter delicately (feels.s a ;waist, s• the liquid and ^skins. give way,.and.-thero is nothing tangible 01; suspicious to be lelt. ' A New Gem.-—A. new precious stone lins; :just been introduced toithei.worl&'by5 M.'^Brahay, ■>. the . ^aris;-jeweller, >which.is. exciting'.niuclijinterestj! both amongst men' of science and the; members of' the 'gentle era,ft of' lapidaries and; genvrengravei's: The.rubasse is a, ,]inrd-stone, and far ex-' ■ceeds; in brilliancy both the: amethyst .and topaz, both of\w)iich ,in, many .respects iit resembles. ^ It is a species,of quartz just discovered in Brazil, aduiitting'sof a high er ;|)olish", than.: the^iemei'ahlj t and .hard' enoughtoresist., the. file..;; Like theistopiiz, it, acquires .additional value by being sub mitted, to,.jthe action.of .the i fire,- and'the :most^.)eautiful:Cqlor;is,t]nis produced; with the most rare and; brilliant internal-, crys tallization, which gi yes the rubasse one ad ' vantage .over eyery.other stone ;.; as no art ban. imitate, this; play,of light within, which is called .the, " givre'' .by French ijewellers ^and^highly.ni'izerl by.them.! 1 The color of "tlie^stone,' then becomes, of ,a,,soft: liquid 'currant-,red,.something; between the.gnr , net^and. ruby, and i.most becoming, to-the complexion. Tiie Duke of Brunswick is, 'we,,understand,.the purchaser, of the lar gest rubasse yet ciit.by M.1 Brahay. It ii destined;for. the-monnting of an ivory cane. ;The/"giyre", in this stone is per fectly wonderful, seeming to reflect rays of sunlight fj;om:every point of the compass. f,Mi Brahay is'sole possessor of the mine wlience the rubasse is dug, and deserves much credit aud.perseverance. with. ^vhich lie has discovered its great beauty and :merit.' ' >t' " jl iBaby Show..., at! : Manchester.— The (Manchester, .public were, invited to a baby'.show,'! at,the ; Pamona; Gardens on. .Saturday, j-,when ^tiiere.; were; nearly. - 300 ' comjiei j toig^prrtjUe ntfd.- mvmatliiag , like $00$ ' jsejepas, wlio^kul iptaid.euti'ouoe-i fees of Is. and 2s. each to be present as spectators. The prizes were eight varying from £3 3s. to £14 14s., giving a total of rather over £60, so that the specula tion has no doubt proved a good one to the promoters. The children,were brought from all parts of the kingdom. One baby had obtained a prize at Boston, in Lincoln shire about a month ago. Many of the. Manchester public have expressed them selves ; disgusted at the proposal for such an exhibition; but it must be owned the patronage given to it by so many exhibi tors ana spectators will give much en couragement to future experiments of the kind. The grandson in arms of a late M.P. for one of the metropolitan bo roughs was the winner of a silver teapot;. The Ring Finqeh.—It is a vulgar1 error that there is a vein going from the fourth finger of the left hand to the heart, although it is said by Swinburn and others that therefore, it became the wedding fin ger. The priesthood kept up this idea by ■ still keeping it as the wedding finger; but <■. it'was got at through the use of the. Trinity; for, in the ancient ritual of' English marriages, the ring was placed by 1 the husband on the top of the thumb of the left hand, with the words " In the '' name of the Father;" he then removed iti to.: the forefinger, sayint" " In the name of ithe Sonthen to the middle finger,' adding; "And of the Holy Ghost;" ! finally,, lie Jeft1 it, as now, on the fourth , finger, with the closing word " Amen." VAn 'Adventure with Lions in TTN-iJiA.—On . the evening of the 14th of i .March two large lions were shot in the immediate vicinity of the cantonments at Deesa. At about 4 o'clock in the after noon- some natives brought intelligence that two strange animals had been near Old Deesa, and that ■ none of the people knew what kind of quadrupeds they were. They were, however, declared to be neither chetahs nor tigers. Captain "VVyville, of her Majesty's 83d Regiment—a dead shot —immediately started in pursuit, accom panied by three or four natives. - On reaching the place pointed out the captain found, to his astonishment, a full- grown lion and lioness. He, however, lost not a moment, but, taking a cool and deliberate aim,'.lodged a leaden pill in the carcase 'of the; i." monarch of the forest," which brought' him: at once to the gTound stone dead. ■ i 'The' lady, not being accustomed J to such scenes, immediately dashed off with:.; her new1 acquaintance, Captain ''Wyville,' in !full pursuit. On rounding a 'point, ini hopes of turning her' flank, our' gallant Nimrod found himself, at once, al "most on the ■ top of the infuriated beast.' He had only time to -jump from his horse 'before she was over his back, and' had fastened upon one of' the beaters. The"' poor..fellow's peril now became imminent; but his two companions with courageous hearts, came up to. his rescue, and attack ed the> brute with their swords. The spectacle' now became-awful, and inevita ble, death would have' overtaken one or more of the brave beaters, had not Gap tain Wyville raised his: rifle and shot the lioness through the head. The skill and' . dexterity of the shot was enhanced by the fact, that the deviation of a hair's breadth from the true aim would most likely have carried the ball to the heart of one of'his undaunted companions. Captain Wyville,' however, seems to possess the eye of the eagle and-nerves of iron. For courage and coolness the adventure has never been surpassed; and rarely, if ever Equalled. One of the beaters has sustained considera ble damage, the points of three of his fingers having been accidentally struck off by the sword of one of'his companions.; he is doing well, and is being carefully at-' tended to. The animals were brought in to the camp, and skinned this .morning: Captain Wyville, with a generosity coiv responding with his bravery, has ordered" the sum of 100 rupees to be distributed . among the brave fellows who accompanied | . him -. up •. expedition. -limhay pdvu^rapki''' 