LITEEATUBE. In the endeavour to present ft Concise and yet comprehensive view of current British litera ture to colonial readers, it ia extremely difficult to avoid both the extremes of conciseness and comprehensiveness. The amount of matter at disposal is so great-, that, in the attempt to give a place to everything worth notice, it becomes necessary to reduce remarks on each topic to bo scanty a limit, that but little information is conveyed. Too much, and yet too little is said —too much on the whole, and too little on each particular subject. In point of fact it is impossible to comprehend in our notices one tenth of the literaiy productions with which the press of England teems. Wc have before us a list of exactly 100 works published in London alone, in the week ending the 16th of January last. This is by no means an ex traordinary case, but may serve as a sample of the prolific energy of the British mind. It may serrc also to content our readers with brief notices of the more prominent works of the day, and of the more interesting facts con nected with them. Literary feme is truly a debatable possession. Let a man acquire celebrity, and some curious detractor or cynical hypercritic starts up to prove him an impostor and a thief. Long fellow and Scott, as we formerly showed, have suffered this penalty of lame; and now a countryman of the former, despising meaner quarry, strikes boldly at the reputation of the immortal Shakspeare himself. It was reserved for American temerity to attempt to dislodge this king of song from his pinnacle of fame. A. writer in Putnam's Monthly for January undertakes to prove that the dramas ascribed to Sliakspeare were really written by Sir Walter Raleigh and Lord Bacon. Whether he has succeeded in his attempt or not our readers shall determine. His argument is that Shaks peare was a peasant, a player, a fellow without learning, travel, or courtly breeding; therefore he could not have written the Merchant of "Venice, Hamlet, and Qthello. But Bacon and Raleigh were learned, courtly, accomplished, tempered by action, travel, great employments ;: they were, therefore, the authors of the Shaks perian drama. He who wrote the Essays might have written Hamlet and Troilus and Cressida; he who composed the History of the World might have written Lear and Julius Caesar. This is the sum and substance ofthis logical gentleman's argument. We cannct re sist the temptation of favouring our revelers with a specimen'ofliis style. "If we had ac cepted this suggestion," lie says, meaning the suggestion arising out of the fact of Raleigh's learning, and the assumption of Shakspeare's ignorance, " the time Shakspeare would not have been now to seek. In the circle of that patronage with which this player's fortunes brought him in contact, in that illustrious company of wits and poets, we need -not have been at a loss to find the philosopher who writes, in hk prose as well, and over his own name also, *" In r.at-irc's intiktte book of seslect A little I can read:' we should hare found one, at least, furnished for the last and ripest proof of learning which the drama, in the unmiraculous order of the human development, must constitute; that proof of it in -which philosophy returns from history, from its noblest fields, sad from her last analysis, with the secret and material of the ereatire synthesis—with tlio secret and material of art. "With this direction we should have been able to identify, ere this, the philo sopher who is only the poet in disguise—the philosopher who calls himself the New Magi cian—the poet who was toiling ana plotting to £11 the globe with his arts, and : to mate our common, every-day human life poetical—who would hare all our life, and not -a part of it learned, artistic, beautiful, religious. We shoud have found, ere this, o>'E, with learning broad enough, and deep enough, and subtle enough, and comprehensive enough—one with nobility of aim and philosophic and poetic genius enough, to be able to claim his own, his own immortal progeny—undwarfed, unblinded, undeprived of one ray or dimple of that all pervading reason that informs then—one who is able to reclaim them, even ■ now, ' cured and perfect in their limbs, and absolute in their numbers, as he conceived them.'" Our readers are now prepared tc appreciate the truthful criticism of the Lacsler on this ambitious scribe. That journal-says—"The writer in Lu.ir.ains Monthly has. not even in genuity to render his paradox palatable. He is deficient in the elementary qualifications necessary for such an enquiry, being incapable •of appreciating evidence, superficially informed, and infected with the worst disease which can beset a writer, the delusion that bombast is forcible. In the introductory paper his main position rests ou the assumpf ion tlut-Shakspeare was only a miserable player, a deer-stealing ap prentice turned into a money-getting manager, mid utterly incapable of being the .author of the plays attributed to him. Is theie any evi dence for such en assumptipn ? Not a tittle. And if the writer had but enquired he would have learned that the only dramatist .worthy to be placed on the same exalted pedestal as Shakspeara was also an actor, also a money getting manager, writing and acting for money, and yet acknowledged by all Europe as the immortal author cf ' Tartufe,' * Le 3lisan fkrepe,' and ' A'.-feore.' But not only is the ) assumption foolish .in itself—it has to make head against the plainest evidence. Shakspeare was well-known to his rivals and friends. He was cordially hated by some whom he sur passed; and if those who taunted him with conceiving himself 'to be the only Skake'cene of the country' had known he was incapable of Wintltt/r frallor? +l>r»i-v» r»wv-r- . •> }» writing the plays which galled their envy,-their taunts would have been bitterer and their up roar great. Ben Jonson would not have&een; imposed on by a vulgar actor, and belicve&iim; to be the ' star of poets,' or said of him— "'Lookbow the tattler's face Lives in bis issue; even so the race Of Sbakspeare's mind axdusonnerx brighilgrhZnoz In lus well-tonieJ and truo- filed lines:' which is-more to our argument tlian hia noli; line of eulogy— "■'Tfccu art a monument v.-itliout a tomb!' If or does the .American argument fail more completely in the attempt ito disprove Shaks peare's authorship than in .the utter want of critical discrimination displayed in its affiliation of the plays,on Balcigh and'Bacon. Of these writers we have ample specimens. "We know what they could do when all their genius was at the stretch; we have the avowed fruits of their labour and meditation ; if any single page of Raleigh or Bacon eaa be pointed out winch indicates, even vaguely, ;the peculiar constitution of a dramatic mind0 we will be lieve that Eolert Montgomery wrote the • Ancient Mariner,' that Macaulay wrote 'Pick wick,' and that Edgar Poo is the author of ' Bracebridge BAIL' " It is not to be wondered at that the right of ancient authors to the productions that bear their , name is sometimes seriously questioned, when we find that modern writers are occa sionally guilty of the trick of "fishing jrith a silver hook." In a recent number of the jLthenmam we find the following remarks on this topic, which, but for the high authority of that publication, would scarcely be credible-— A correspondent, whose name is known to us iis that of a diligent and deserving writer, speaks in severe terms against the practice— which, we fear, is not diminishing amongst uc —of persons publishing books as their own whieh they do not write. He says,' You have lately noticed with deserved .commendation a couple of lit tle books called , on the title page of which there appears the name of as author. Now I positively assert that this gentleman did not write a single page of cither of these books ; yet, because he buys another man's brains, he obtains notices in the Athenaum which would be a real reputation" to an actual author.' The case, 110 doubt, is a very wrong one; but it is a very ancient evil in the Re public of Letters. So long as X Y. Z. is willing, for a consideration, to write essays, poems, plays, sermons, leaders — anything, everything, in the way of fame—and A. B. C. is willing to pay money for the bubble reputa tion, we do not see our way very clearly to a remedy. Exposure might do something: but then accusations of 6uch a nature must be sus tained by the clearest legal proofs; and so long as X. Y. Z. observes the secrecy for which he is paid, and A. B. C. keeps bis own counsel, such proofs are not likely to come into the hands of D. E. E. or any other third party." Two of the most recent publications "have some claim to be regarded as Australian litera ture. One of them is a work whieh was actually written in Tasmania; the other a poem, the hero of which visits Australia in the capa city of a gold-digger. The poem is by Charles Mackay, the well-known "poot of the people," and is entitled w The Lump of Gold." It is a story, showing bow the heir of a noble but ruined bouse left bis young -wife, the daughter pf s country clergyman, Jo seek a renewal of hie fortune! itt th8g£>ld-fields of how he nearly murdered, a friend and fjlie'w-digger; how he fled back to England., Under the im pression that he was a homicide; lived a wretched, raving life in London for a long time; then returned to the village where his wife resided, and was comforted by the ghostly consolation of his reverend father-in-law, and still more by the discovery that the gentleman to whom he had given so shrewd a knock on the head was in tact alive and well, and had returned home. The story is told with sweet ness, and with pleasing descriptions of natural scenery. There is something, too, charming in the sketch of the kind, mild, unselfish, and charitable clergyman, and his equally excellent daughter. Part ths fourtli, however—or at least that portion of it describing tlic voyage of the emigrant ship, and its encounters with fogs and icebergs—is too staring a reflex, both as regards conception, expression, sentiment, and versification, of Coleridge's ' Ancient Mari ner.' In the same part, also, the feverish, frantic working for gold—the jealousy of others experienced by the hero—his murderous attack 011 his fellow-workman—and his sudden flight back to England, pursued by the ghosts of liis conscience—are singularly like the incidents and even the stanza of a poem published in 'Household Words" about three years ago, under the title of ' The Ballad of the Gold-Seeker.' " By way of specimen of Dr. Mackay's poem, we may mention that the hero, Aubrey, finds a nugget in the shape of a mail, and as larger— " The gold was long, and broad, and thick. As the statue of a man;— I felt a fever in my blood That through my pulses ran As I looked and wondered at the wealth All mine to have and hold 1 Alas! not so ; I could not move This thing so heavy and cold Jfor I nor twenty men could stir The fiendish lump of gold." If any one is anxious to ascertain the wlicre abouts of this extraordinary maggot, we can give him no further guidance than "may be con tained in the fact that Hescltine, Aubrey's mate, covered it up, fashioned the soil like a mound over a village grave, placed above it a cross of rude workmanship, and graved deep with liis bowie-knife this epitaph :— " Here lies a sinner—trouble not his hones." The book written in Tasmania is altogether •of a different stamp. It is a grave, philoso phical, reflective work, endeavouring " to pre sent a synoptical view of society, and a theory : of government, including generalization and details." The author is "William Smith O'Brien, and the title " Principles of Government; or, Meditations in Exile." The circumstances 1 under which this work was written are, of course, familiar to all who are likely to glance down a col ran devoted to literature. Every one knows Smith O'Brien, for 18 vears a member of the British Parliament—for six years a prisoner in a penal settlement. "He" had been a grand juror," a magistrate, a guardian of the poor, a political agitator, and a convict. His personal connections familiarized him with the aristocracy; his early career in ihe Senate laid bare before liiin the workings of the par liamentary system; liis subsequent alliance with O'Connell was a practical lesson in the art of agitation. "As long as lie trod in the steps of liis ancestors, parallel with the respect- , able file of Protestant Irish gentry, he was an j ! esteemed, influential, and mediocre individual. a parliamentsimsji by birtb, a justice cf the ! peace by et.itioB, a politician by ceurtasy. It I tbe very liour in wliicli, scanning the -world i from Daniel O'Connell's Pisgali, lie ventured ] upon a path of his own choosing, he ran into a labyrinth, the outlet of which was in Tan Die men's Laud. He became first an absurdity, til en a nuisance; lie was ridiculed; l-.e was j shut in the Speaker's Black Hole.: lie was transported: he suffered a graduated scries of j penalties, and now, a conditisnal amnesty Laving softened into serious regrets tlie last j feelings of bitterness in his mind, he jiublisr.es, with a preface dated from Brussels, two volumes of scholarly essays, moderate, argu mentative, even fascinating iu their dignity ] and composure." Having alluded to the cir cumstances under which this book was written, we hare told all that gives it any claim upon our interest. It has no peculiar merit of any kind: exhibits no trace of commanding genius, or even of more than ordinary mental vigour; shows nc signs of the varied experience and training which should liave raised'its author above the rank of common men. Walter Sayage Laudor was born in 1775, and has. consequently, overjiast the allotted "threescore years and ten" of humankind by more than another decade. Though liis history belougs to the past, his sympathies are entirely devoted to the future, and lie is, in sjiirit and in jiurpos<v perhaps the most j uremic cf our living poets. Two years ago he issued kis "last" work; and now he has published another, work later than the last. It is entitled " An tony and Octavius; Scenes for tlie Study." Of this -work the Examiner says :—" When Benedict-swore that he would die a bachelor, he did net know he should live to get married. Mr. Landor two years ago said the book he j then published should be His last, but lie did not know.be should live to write another, iso one who remembers the 'Last Fruit off ail Old Tree' will feel surprise that it proves not to be the last. The flavour of the fruit was so I good, and the yield so large, that age could not in that ease be taken to mean exhaustion or | decay; and few could doubt that the tree would again be seen putting forth its blossoms, and, obedient to a law of nature, not tc be re sisted. bringing more fruit to maturity. So far there is no matter for surprise in the off shoot of another poem from the mind of Sir. Laudor. The peculiarity is that there is in it 110 mark whatever of old age. There is no faltering iu power of expression: ncr do we find in it the trace of any one of those infirmi ties of temper or of judgment which are apt, with the advance of age, to gather in .upon tfce wisest heads..the bravest hearts. We are net sure whether-.this'Antony and ©etavius'. be not the first example in our literature of x. finished poem cf considerable length and ster ling merit written by one of our accepted authors at "fourscore years and .upwards." Much time may pass before another such achievement is .witnessed. ' Antony end Octa vius' is a complete dramatic poem having for its topic the last days of Cleopatra red An tony, and the munder of Cmsarion. It .regards, from a new point cf view, that ancient -story of the world at stake between gamblers .in love and in ambition .ivliicli has supplied tor so many ages a theme Tor the poet's song. The subject has been treated variously, and Mr. ; Landor's version diffess from the tradition of > his brethren mainly in the direction, of inter pretations better suited to his muse. From the strict history we are hound to say that he travels as widely as any. Her whom these | scenes exhibit dying with heroic feeling in the .pride of beauty at the age of about twenty-one. (history depicts guilty.cf .ignoble suicide whes (i woman on the verge of forty, with her last j crime, the betrayal of Antony to his death, \ fresh upon her eouL But doubtless we get our liistory from the Romans, who were eae mies to the luxurious Egyptian, and, except in cruel little points of date and age, the jioeis have.as good right to he believed as the his torians- The poetical rersiqu is at any rate a thousand times the finer of the two, being the only one with which for centuries past, and for all tune .to come, mankind ever has concerned or is likely to concern itself." The book is dedicated, with characteristic independence, to " Edward Capern, Peel, and Day Labourer, at Bideford, Devon." " Old Ebony" has no sympathy with the rising school of poets. Tire last number to hand of the periodical so nicknamed opens , with a slashing article on " Modern Light Poetry," probably from the pen of Professor | Aytoun. Tennyson's " Maud " is set down as j " one of the greatest impertinencies ever per petrated by a poet;" "Balder," as a " wanton i waste" of the reader's " attention and the | singer's power;" Alexander Smith's "Life] Drama," as a poem which might have answered ] ■well enough in manuscript for the two souls for which, as the poet says, it was only written; and " Hiawatha," as making one " sadly at a Igss to find any marks of a great or noteworthy poem in the "chant," and as being "fatally illustrative of a certain kind of life," but as containing " very little in itself of any life at alL" In these criticisms the writer evidently ; strives rather to be smart than just, though the school in question has undoubtedly per petrated some very grave puerilities. Thi? is a subject which demands more than a passing notice, and we will endeavour to recur to it. A very compact, tliick volume, jiublished by Messrs. Griffin, of Glasgow, is devoted to " Tbe J British Empire,"^ This work is a triple dic tionary. It contains first an extended chronO- i logy of Great Britain, then a dictionary of people, and then one of places; both the bio graphy and the geography being extremely well condensed. This is likely to be an ex- : tremely useful and available book; it is well printed, and, representing the British empire, it is bound with much appropriateness, the British Lion having his tail erected in a most impressive way upon the cover. The life and character of Napoleon the First have received further elucidation by the publication of a work bearing the following i title:—"The Confidential Correspondence of] Napoleon Bonaparte with his brother Joseph, j some time ■ King of Spain, Selected ■ and j Translated, with Explanatory Notes from the Memoirps Joseph." From the "Memoirs j of the pipers of King Joseph, the editor of these volumes has, with admirable tact and success, extracted a picture of Napoleon Bonapnrte as traced by himself. There was no other correspondent to whom Napoleon spoke so much of his mind frankly; an I it is especially interesting to observe that in his published correspondence with his brother Joseph, which begins as early as the spring of the year 1795, the story of ambition dates from the beginning. The youth is displayed mastering his family, as the man is afterwards displayed mastering France, and more than France. Of the two brothers, Joseph appears in the correspondence incontcstablv to be the better man ; the reader understands and likes him for his kindliness, and for the sense of right and wrong which is united, or comes into collision, with his genuine devotion to his brother. The impression of Napoleon himself stands out hard and clear. The volumes are in fact made up of his own exposition of his life, and their can be no doubt that they dis play with equal force the immense energy which made him to a certain extent master of his destiny, and the rare selfishness which also was, to a more limited extent, his helper, sinee it suffered no regard for any other thing earth to stand in the way that led to Ills own personal advancement." From the AihenrEu.n we learn that Mr. Allibone, an American gentleman of wide reading, is engaged on a Critical Dictionary of English Literature—a work very seriously needed. Lowndes is very imperfect. Watts is out of date, is also very imperfect, and is out of print. Mr. Allibone is said, on high Ame rican authority, to be well prepared for his task. His method, of which we can judge for ourselves, is novel—'.lis plan being to supply the facts about his authors liimself, and to : quote opinions about them from distinguished : critical contemporaries and successors. For example, under the title of opinions on Burke, : there are 40 brief excerpts from Samuel Jobr.-: son, Arthur Murphy, Lord Jeffrey, Professor Smyth, Dugald Stuart, James Prior, the Earl i of Chatham, King George the Third, Charles James Fox, John Roche, M. Cazp.lc-s, William Windham, Gerard Hamilton, Mr. Curweu, Rev. Thomas Campbell, Dr. French Laurence, Edward Gibbon, Richard Cumberland, William Wilberforce, Thomas James Marinas, Lord Thurlow, Rev. Dr. Samuel Parr, 'Henry Grattan, Oliver Goldsmith, Mr. Richards, the Duke dc Levis, Warren Hastings, R. B. Sheridan, F. Schlegel, Robert Hall, =George Crabbe. Samuel Warrest, T. 03. Mucauiry, Rev. Dr. C. A. Goodrich, Mix Shackleton, Sir James Mackintosh, Sir 'Robert Peck Lord John Russell, Lord Erekine, and Lord Brougham. This gives an idea of the work. By such a plan the rentier is presetted with a history of opinion en greet writers as well as a history of their works. If Mt, Allibone's " Lietionaiy" iiror.es to be as able in execution , as it is felicitous in conception, it will be wcl- j come to many librarics in Australia as well as ■ it America. To book readers then are few subjects more interesting than the history of "books, and the evidences supplied by it of an expanding thirst for literature. We make no apology, therefore, for quoting from the AiheiKCirn the following statement in reference to the sties of new books in England:— * The book-buymgpc*rer of England is. every yenr in- | creasing, as we see byl^ic increasing s"Je of'favourite j orks that are new. end by tlx advancing price ot favourite boohs that arc old. ?Ir. Dickens and Mr. Maeaulay have more readers ibis Christmas than -over. Tliiriy-five thousand-copies of the first number of 'tittle D.jrrit' have been cold; and there w?Jl soon beibirty five thousand copies cf the * History n f England" in the market. In. the proliaec to ' -Block K >usc,' 31 r Dickens told us that he had fonnd more read 21s for that work ! than for any other :a the long proec ssion uf his talcs— : ;tic circulation wc bilicve vr.v> thirty-two thousand. ' Little Dorrit,' therefore, begins her story to ati audience increased by three thousand pusehaserc. ; The first impression of 3!>. ' tf seanlay'-e fofrmer volumes consisted. wc believe, of Gvc thousand; -the first impression of the volumes just L-sced 5s.twep-ty fi\\*c thousand. But the work is ag air. £n the«ressa and ten thousand more copies wi!i«o->n L icready. These issues will amount almost to the roll sale of the olc volumes; the total sumoftkemanycdiiicasof tbeseZafctsr. including the unsnlc stock, being forty t nous iiid eopice. The his tory of the London book-trade oflbrs no esuimplc of sutih sales iu former limes, except, per liups, in tic case ^c-f Byron, whose boast it was that t) lirty thousand copies of one of Ills poems were scld in oi ie day. Mr. Murray1 s sale last week offers further evid ;nee of the -vigorous healthy state of the book-trad* ^ hi sprite of the 3e and 1 pressing influence of the war, his r. cw w<E-k-e feundrcaiy purchasers, as the following list of a few of Ike sales vill show:—Mr. Grotc's twelith volun ie «»f * Tfcc History-of Greece/ 1,200; Dr. Liddcll's *JioP ie.* €00- JUt.-Povost's 'Five Years in Danaseusj^COO; 3 Jean. MilmaiVs 'Latin Christianity,' 600; "Buss in Boo t%T 2,0004 ' The HSssr lishman in America,' 3,O00; iir. JTcrgusson'-s •Kar.d book of Ateliitecture,' l/^CD." From another source -we learn adililic-snl particulars respcc'-iug Mai saulay'e History. The 25,000 copies absorb 5,000 reams of paper, G tons of milled board bt and 7.000 y^rds of cloth * and. add £900 s berling to tliV .re venue of the country. 