ENGLISH EÍ¿'fKACTS. A FEW VALUABLE SUGGESTIONS. AT-the annual meeting of the Dundee Indus- trial Schools, the Rev. Norman M'Leod, of Glasgow, said, in alluding to the statements in the report as to the introduction of music into the schools :-" If we are to have singing, let us have good, hearty Scotch songs. I was lately in a child's school, and took up a book of songs ; in it was ' Scots wha hae' as the title of one of the songs. I was delighted at the expectation of hearing this noble Scotch song, and to my astonishment I found that the song was some inimitable twaddle, some horrid stuff about marching into an infant school. (Great laughter.) I turned to another, entitled ' Ye banks and braes o' bonny Doon,' and was again disappointed on finding that fine song banished, and another substituted, in which there was no poetry, nor even prose, but wretched, miserable, twaddle. (Laughter.) If We are to have singing, let us have good, heart; Scotch songs, such as those I may myself have sung, and may even yet sing. (Great laughter.) Give its 'The Arethusa,' 'Old Benbow'— (cheers)--something that will stir a man's soul, and not a horrid twaddle such as in these songs.' (Cheers) Then, an to our libraries, there are two reasons why they don't succeed. We give to working men desperate dry books that we would not read ourselves. (Applause.) It is almost hypocrisy that a man should, at his own fireside, read one of Dicken's books, or one of Scott's novels, but the moment they came to the working man, they must not en- courage him to read these books. Who does not rejoice,at his own fireside, if he can find time from the higher labours of life, to turn up his noble Shakespeare and Milton, to read these noble men of old ? Why not come for- ward, then, and say to our working men, ' Read these books !' (Applause.j If we begin to put these aside, and pick out the droughiest, driest books, you won't have them read. We are true to ourselves, let us be true to our fellow-men. And when you are honest in giving them good wholesome library, such as you have read yourselves, you can come with more boldness and say, with regard to other books, ' These are not wholesome reading ; they are miserable, wretched novels, full of paltry sentiment. Don't read these,' and the man will believe you. Be a little more liberal, a little more wide in the-books you give them. (Applause.) As regards your children» I wish I could feel now, in reading the best book that ever was written, the same intense enjoyment and pleasure as I did when I read Bluebeard and Beauty and the Beast (laughter and applause)-Jack and the Bean Stalk, and Jack the Giant-Killer. (Renewed laughter and applause.) The other day I began to read them again-(great laughter)-and I was delighted with them. J I will tell yon why I read them again. I wanted to give them dramatically to my children. I wanted them to enjoy what I enjoyed TV hen I was young. (Applause.) What are you frightened for in giving these books to your children ? I don't believe there is a man or woman here who remembers any book they rend in youth, and who do not recollect the pleasure with which these books were read. Very well ; do Îrou find they have done you harm ? Do you ook back with a grave face upon any injury they have done you ? I know they come into my soul like sunbeams. I have the deepest thankfulnesa that I have these books. Then give them to your ragged boys as well. (Applause). Give them your good books, but if you will have them interested, you must have a broader and more manly view about the books they ought to read. (Applause). As to the difficulty of getting people to read, he advised any who were good readers to embrace opportunities of reading to persons who did not themselves read, good, useful, and inte- resting books, and they would thus do a vast amount of good. Many a man would rejoice to hear a book read, who would get little good if the book were left to him to read it himself.' THE PRISON AT MUNICH AN account of this institution has lately been published in a letter addressed to Dr. Elliotson by the Rev. C. H. Townshend. It appears that the establishment " Is very nearly self supporting, the great source of ils revenue being a manufactory of eloth for the use of the anny-every branch of the manufacture, from the first entry of the raw flax to the final drilling and calendering of the woven article, being conducted entirely by the criminals themselves Besides the cloth making, other trades are also going on in the prison, such as shoemaking, tailoring, carpentering, bread-baking, &c;, partly to create objects for general sale, but chiefly (with the exception of the cloth) to supply the w ants of the inmates of the prison. 'When a criminal enters the prison,' said the colonel, * the first thing we do is to ascertain his former trade, if he had any, and to set him to work at that. In the case of his non- instruc tion in any useful occupation, we immediately take measures to have him instructed in some business that seems best adapted to his nature and faculties. Our lowest class of manual occupation is the winding of flax on reels, and to this work the least clever and intelligent are set. .A large proportion of the prisoners are employed in this business, which is so essential to our grand object, the manufacture of cloth. Corporal chastisement is here unknown. Neither have we any useless labour-anything, in short, which might degrade a man fiom his position as a human being. Our great moral object is to raise and to reclaim. Our basis of principle is the belief that even the worst criminal still remains man, and may be beneficially acted on by kindness, reason, and the skilful touching of certain human motives which we have found common to all. Convinced that all restraint is inefficient which is not accepted by the will of the criminal himself, we try to lead every one of our prisoners to a conviction of the ex- cellence of our measures and of the benefits which will accrue to himself from cordially embracing them; in fine, to produce self government.' " ' This must be difficult,' I remarked. " I have not found it so,' replied the gover- nor; * occupation in the present, an object of interest «et before a roan in the future, the idea of something still to be lost or still to be gained, these springs of action judiciously set in motion are adequate, we find, in every ease, to restore or develop the principle of self government. Of course the chief difficulty is at first. Many a new-comer is idle, brut- ish, ferocious. But this I have ever found with the woi st of criminals-once convince him of your interest in him and he is pervious to 1 your influence. The great source of crime (continued the governor) undoubtedly is the belief in the lower classes that they are cared for by neither God nor man. We try to re- move the unfortunate impression. The crimi- nal Bees much that is done for his benefit and reclaiming. In the morning every man has his task set him. Faithful to our princi pie of leaving the criminal to manage himself as much as possible, we do not secure, his attention to his work by constant supervi- sion. We leave1 the inmates as free and uninspected as possible.' ' But how then,' I exclaimed, 'can you possibly secure the proper amount of labour ?' * By a very simple method,' replied the governor-'we measure all the work every evening. We expect from each, according to his trade, so much flax Wound off, so many pairs; or so much of a pair- of shoes completed,-»* so many loaves baked.' " ' But how obtain the result,' I persisted, ' without supervision or punishment ?* "'We do not want,' replied the governor, ' either motive« or salutary fears to render our commands effective. I have said that We have here no .corporal chastisement, but certain punishments v» hich do here exist We find are more dreaded by the men than any amount of brute pain. For instance, we have pecuuiary fines, or rather losses, and penalties in the shape of diminishing a prisoner's allowance of beer, cutting him -off wholly from it, or excluding bun from the library. "You will smile when I tell you that one of oui most powerful engines of government-perhaps the most powerful, certainly the most universal-is beer I Per- haps you (know that ,the Bavarian loves his beer ? Well, then, w« take advantage of that1 love. 'We give ear prisoners (when they behave well) for. ml, «dead, 'the heavy ill i/l ,-t/fjfl t ! 1 " ' ' .Bo^ltpierTMitv^hatÄigliturJöoth« good which we strive.to effect." Nothing overstrong is allowed the prisoners ; but, while we abstain from heating our prisoners by Over-stimulating diet, we on the other hand take care not to keep them on a lowering regimen. For, strange to say, the two extremes in their results do reallv-meet j- and;we;bavefottod.by-experknce, and by examination of other prisons, that too low a diet actually stimulates the passions yes, the worst passions-of men. _î^'But^to return-to our beer. _îfot being exactly a'necessity of life, we can make use of it as a stimulus, physical and moral-useful in its place-which can be given or withheld, according to circumstances. We find that to cut a man off fronvhis modicum of beer, how [ ever small, is the most dreaded punishment we can inflict. Thus in beer we possess a mighty engine Some things become great by applica- tion. Is a man steadily improving in his con- duct ? From time to time we give him a little extra of thesmallheerwhichweuseiutheprison. Is a roan deteriorating? We lessen or with- draw his allowance of beer. To be struck off 'from, the beer list for -a long period is felt bitterly by the men. Our beer tally is a moral sign, and means more than the thing itself. We lay it down as A law that no punishment shall be inflicted which can possibly injure health. Indeed, we have no right to add such injury to the seutencaof the law. Thisunoplace of torture. Viewingt the .matter thus, we do not punish ill-conduct by more meagre or more stinted food, or by taking away the daily exercise which we find necessary to the well-being of our prisoners. Indeed, we should consider such punishments as a moral wrong ; for to restore the health of the mind through that of the body is one of our greatest aims. Yet as to food and exercise, we vary the quomodo though not the quantum. There is a table for the offender-a culprit's court certain signs of disappro\al-a certain segre- gation from the rest, when a prisoner has shown himself unworthy to communicate freely with his fellows. Throughout all, we try to make the men feel that whatever punishment we inflict is just and passionless. For the most part, I must say, the culprits acquiesce in our judgments.' " One rather strong proof of this Mr. Towns- hend giveB in a conversation with one of the convicts who had been five years in the prison. " Do you much wish your time here to be out ?" he said. " No, Sir, I am very well contented here," was the reply. "I was told," continues this writer " That in choosing the occupation for the man regard was had to his comparative health and strength, as well as to his particular turn for the handicraft, and also to his conduct ; thub, to be draughted on to the lighter and more amusing work was considered to be a reward. Etery one was anxious to be a baker, and no wonder, for I never saw a moro animated scene than the bakehouse presented. In this portion of the reformatory Erebus, there were bustling and laughter and joking going on. My attendant told me that none but the better sort of criminals, who had either been condemned for only small offences, or who had worked their way up to confidence by long good conduct, were allowed to form part of the baking establishment. So it was with the cooking department, over which, besides, presided servants belonging to the institution itself. Of course, I must taste a loaf and some soup. That is de rigueur in such cases. Both were excellent. I wish that all the Oliver Twists in the world might have as good in their workhouses." The Most Remarkable Actor of the Day. From a new periodical entitled the Tram we give a very graphic and most appreciative account of the genius of the Olympic Theatre, \- Yellow Dwarf Robson :-Go and see Robson in the " Discreet Princesses." In his antics and his caperings, his bellowings and chucklings, his monstrous gesticulations, bia abrupt transitions of voice, his outrageous caricatures of vehemence, his simple buffoonery and " mugging"-in the midst of your convul- sions of laughter at his most excellent fooling, there will suddenly come upon you a feeling sharp and thrilling as a galvanic shock, and very nearly akin to terror. There is method in the man's madness. All these uncouth gibes and mouthings, these nods and becks, mean something ; you roar with laughter at a superlatively ridiculous ejaculation ofT'Mmps;" you suddenly find yourself shuddering. Is the man laughing at yon, and himself, and all the world ? Is he showing you a parti- colored soul as well as a parti-colored body. Is this mountebank seeming actor, in fine, incar- nating for you, for a Christmas night's amuse- ment, the sæva indignatio of Swift, the froide raillerie of Voltaire, the sardonic merriment of Rabelais, overlaying bitter truths in gross buffoonery, dressing his satire in " gros sel," as Harmodipus dressed his steel in myrtle? Little children read "Gulliver:" they reck nothing of the mad rage that tore Jonathan Swift's vitals while he read it, and what burning sneers lurk like adders in those seeming good-natured lies. Little children sen Robson dance the Lancashire clog-dance I in the " Yellow Dwarf," and caricature Charles Kean's shins in the ghost scene in the ", Three Princesses," but who shall say-Bah ! am I to go to Wych-street for symbolism ? When Mr. Ruskin wrote " Modern Painters," it it said that Turner, glancing over the book, ex- pressed his opinion that the writer was an ass, and pretended to know a great deal more of his (Turner's) meaning in his pictures than he did himself. Why can't I take Mr, Robson for granted ? He may be, after all, but an eccentric actor making use of the best means at his disposal for amusing a holiday, audience; but of a surety he frightens me sometimes. The first time I ever saw Robson was, I believe, under the management of Mr. Farren, in the character of Shylock, in a tra- vestie of the ' Merchant of Venice.' He had played, I think, in a similar travestie of Macbeth, prevîously. I have seen and admired him since then in almost every character he has attempted, from Jem Bags, in the * Wan- dering Minstrel,' to the Blighted Being. It is my conviction that his last impersonation that of Pripce Richcraft in the Discreet Princesses-is as immeasurably the best I have yet seen him in, j as the piece itself J ia, juninjstakeapiy the worst I eyer wiiftfesedr I» ' !/'(!}/ I f HI \> I ' * w iii y .?"** d¿rrmity, Rob«» is ***!*..^1^ the . YeÙow.Dwarfkbe'wa» cramped and fet tered by the supernatural nature of the part. He had merely to play a'malevolent sprite-a mischievous little gnome-and he played it admirably; but it is In the man fiend that he excels; moral deformity is his forte. '«De- formed persons," wo read m -the Essays, « are commonly even, with nature"? for as nature hath done ill by them, so do they by nature, being for ¿be most part (as the scrip- ture saith) ' void of natural laffectionr' and BO they have their revenge of nature," Thus writes the "greatest, wisest, meanest of mankind." I do not suppose Mr. Robson to be a student, of Bacon (I only quote him myself, because I came upon the passage accidentally' in an odd volume I purchased for fourpenee at a bookstall, and thought the words apposite) ; but he has assuredly, though perhaps unconsciously, justified the philoso- pher's remarks. In Richcraft you see the unceasing longing to be " revenged on nature" for her ill-treatment; the life- long rage at his deformity, the fierce resolve to have change for the hump out of somebody-the abilities and energies perverted, to be able to retaliate on the world ; the boldness of the wretch exposed to scorn ; the industry in watching the weak- nesses of others, that he may have something to repay. The deformity pervades you every- where, without ita being insisted ore > It is scarcely apparent in his dress ; but the heart is hunched, the soul squints, the mind is bow legged, the feelings are wall-eyed, the passions high- shouldered. 