A PIOUS INSURANCE OFFICE. The inoasn Angin-Bengalee Company is beaten hollow by a society calling iselIf the Prottstant Fire and Life Iasnmee, and heading its policies by the pious emblem of an open Bible. Mr. Montague Tiag, our renders wll remember, was a sumptuous gentleman, got up wholly regardless of expense. sporting his cab, his tiger, and his motache, rejoicing inwaisteosat offibulous splendour, toontinuotiosa of the most unde?i able cat, and boots of matchless brilliancy. Mr. Tigg, however, flourished in days of comparative innocence. He had not our advantages. Pta.cality in his time had not grown religions. The " white choker sod Prayer-book" scbool of swindlingwasa in its n bon-age Sir John Dean Paul had not yet ounded his cpe, su?wcribed it i chat ties, and case the widow and the orphan under the ruins of his fraud. 'We know better now. We have learned that profes sions of piety are the safest cloak for pecnlation, and are ther-fore prepared to *doubt the integrityB of, a trading company .whichsadopts the' Bible as its emblem ant Protestant as its name. But to our story. The Protestant Fire 'and Life Insurance Company seoms to have been fSstlaunched on a gullible world in the yer 1 .. In the autumn of .hat year, at al events, we dod it duly established, with all the requisite apparatus for acting on the publi mind-prospectues, '" Bible" policie, an oflfie, a Chairman e ad Tr-oster (the real Co.), in the pert n of 3ir. G. Bait, and a Sereetary (the A.ngo-Blengalce also had one) of the name of Elderton. The- soon com menced taking premniums and eg-nt.ng poicies againoot los, by £re; and amongst others efoteed an i.,vrance o certain premises at iIul Lt!io:n to a 3Ir. 'liddl ton, ,e "fwh:Ch ul:imatrdv led to the proceedir.cson which we are atI ut to commen:. Noes, takin: prermiusrr ispkcan pastime enouth--r. 310n:z.-:e Tig?"t ed to tid it so; and, as we al no. , k-pt nn a hall pr':r and chan-.p.e lunchcrs -r many n;,,nth :,,,n . y f'Iendic c,:tribu ,"ins of a con::!;:._ - ,h!ic. ul*t par., . for os-s wa l- n r--.n:e ,per..n, i idas tieri a:Irý. will m : Imlyh pg=,c own is the -'t~r~~l to··-i ~~i;rk'-o~ to the \- - p:-olli Lr he tlk, of-tis coul~d r.ltaf -:·d:' to:c grlacsr.ibh about suchi a tr:!,- ?· Illopl::y·, and :hrey stzht, therc talc rnao . O.-r .o t: C'un to Lif Insuronoet y o t t:hat CA e to re-inort th~e djit~rcn:fire '-k?:the hlad :clen. Under this ar-ang rn -it the' Li't:r " p·,:icisr rf thep Prote-tant 0tF1 nr:e :rn fierred to t~e County Llie. . w:as:r. lovember.. 15%;. No prcmiurmr of r--ir.·lz--vr e wcre ·ti-n p-id bh tho tir-tvt: to t'' e -O nty oficr, and Corn that:1 t time, th h appiCti-oj I r't Co'o--t ottrtt:i n mde 1- the latter c0mpany, nd threa:- of legal prrce··Ier- rc;penedly~ eer b'e extremed fromp the PrTote:3nt (lf~ii. -rount ci t-e pr a bcihlf o'th- Proicstont Societ. Why wooal lioot Thcreasoo k £ VP simpIe Oa thq 19th of IDecenmber the manager of this Protestant and Bible Company heard that the Hull premises were burnt down, antd that they re conueqeontly liable to a tIe whole amount due on their own, policies, rwhile, n ot havig paid the premiums ofre assuran.et the could themseCos make no claimt on the County ise. lOn the 21st they paid an te eett their cheque; but t wa not till te 2d4th that they informeds the officers ofthe County Life that a lost bhd actually bete incurred onthe Hull n'poliies. Mr. Middleton, the owner of the Iull premisc, brought his action at the York ssizes against the rotestant Company. He oighrt of course, as well have sued the Anglo-Bengalee. The pioes office, amtong other detences. pleaded-and ofthc truth of this plea, at nlleseetst, there eanbenomanler of doubt-that thehad no money itn hand to paytheplaintilt Their defences failedand the diet went against them. They had yet ora ghost of a chance left. They might sae the County Fie office on their aoreseme? to re- insure. They did so. The trial came on at Kingston on Tuesday last, and - was reported in our impression' of Weddnesday. KEen Mr. G. Bain will probably not. soon feoret the exposure and defeat that ensued. Very few witnesses bave mat a less enviable i-gn-e in a court of justice than did this gentlemean nnder the s earehing cross-exami nation of the most powerful nisi prius edvocaste of the English bare. Wher pressed by Mr. Ioses as to the circumstances to.er Whichthe chequ of the 21st of December. was tseut, he at fest declses that he does not know whether it was after or before the fire at iull, afterw?s?s admits that he thinks he ud then heard the fire talked of, but persuists in declaring that the heque was not sent int consequence of the fire-a point in which he is distinctly contradicted not only by com meon ensebut also by his own secretary. With regoard to the fds of the rcoml any an t th s time, the following questions aed aetsweraretarnverbatim fiomthe report : Me. Tlaoes: As you were the treasurer, perhaps you can give us some idea what nomount of funds the eomtany possessed at this time? W.Witness '0o; I cannot, indeed. I have not got the books. M?r. James :Surely you can give us some idea what amount the company had at their bankir? ?-Witness: No, I cannot. Mr. James: Had they 49L -Witnesn s : Yes, I will sweoar they had 49L; bout I cannot mar hsow much more. HIe is afterwards asked whether a claim for 121\. arising out of a fire at Plymouth has not since been made upon the office, and whether the office has not proved unable to meet the clair. Hie cannot say; he is not certain about it. He admits tit when 3ilddleton brought his action against the Company at York they pleaded they had no money to pay him with; and he is in the next breath forced to admit that since this plea was put on the record, and within the last few days, several fresh policies have aetually been issued to the pubic by the protestant office, though he will not swear that the Company has beyond 01. or 100L at their bankers. Here Sir. Baron Alderson interfered with the remark that the "examination was verging towards a criminal charge," and that he thought it desirable to caution the witness that he need not give answers which mieht be afterwards uned against him as prooo fof gnflt.-Daily News. 