RUSSIA. coronation ceremonial. . The Berlin oorrespondent of tho Times gives the following sketch of tho ceremony which, is to tako plnco on the occnsion of tho coronation : " Tho emperor will make n solemn pntrv into Moscow; the nnciorit capital of Russia, some days boforo that on which the coronation is to triko place; when the custom of presenting bread and salt to his luujosty will tuko ' plarie; 1 Tho /bread and salt or chleh-sob, ris it is cnllcd! will bo presented ,t« him oil golden dis'i es by de putations of tlienobilitj and citizens, drawn up on tho open 6paco. in front of' tbo Uspenski Sobor, or. Ascension Cathedral of "the Kremlin, immediately after he leaves the ..-cathedral, ,nnd\ is about to eiitrirjliis: own'pulaco. 'The day 'of tlie coronotiori having arrived, t.hir empress mother will precede the intpertal procession as it pusses from the palitco . to .tlio. cathedral;. Then oolites forth tlie eriipei'o-, dressed in a full' general's uniform, walking in front of a canopy which is borne, over the empress b,' ,1G liciitennnt-goiior.ls and 1G mitjor-ge- n'eralB. The emperor- will bo sitrrounued by his sons and brothers.. The highest dignitaries of the oht'trclt receive the', im perial personages at the door of i lie cathedral;; the Metropolitan of Noyogonid" reaches thi-m the cross to kiss, the Moiropolitari of Kicff, fearing an aspersorium, .besprinkles with holy, water. the ground they are about! ;to tread. on, and the Metropolitan -of Mos cow, receives them witli an address. . " The ceremony itself consists of coro- na'ien nud anoiritmerit. .After on addresB has been delivered by the highest clerical person present, and/ a certain. Litany has been said, or sttng, with nll>duo responses, the emperor- : seated ;-.on his ' throne orders the Apostles' Creed1 to be bawled to ltiih, and having read ' it audibly to the end ho thon proceeds, accompanied by, the prayers and psalihs of the clergy, to indue himself with, tho .insignia of .the imperial power. The three highest metropolitans present fetch the emperor's mantle from the table mentioncd-ahovo, and, with' the assistance of certain members of his household, put it' round him with the words, -'In tho name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' At tho emperor's ootnmand the President of, the Imperial Co'iino'il/then brings him tho erown. The emperor. then, sots it himself on' his own bond! on which the Metropolitan of ihoscow aderesses him in tho following form, which has remained unchanged at , all . the Russian corona tions ; " Most pio'ttsi moat mighty, and great Emperor of All tho Rttssias/— This visible and palpable ornament whioh' now adorns thy. head is tho symbol of the mystorious act by' which' Jobus Christ, tho King of glory,- crowns theo ' at this' moment to bo the enpromo head of tho' entire Russian people, and confirms thee .by His holy blessing in thy most'high and unbounded power over thy subjects.' "After the sceptre anil the orb have been duly' hniidcd to tho emperor, ac companied hy nn appropriate address from the Metropolitan of Moscow, tho cmreror .scats himself in liis full robes on his throne ; his coronation is completed ; and the choir sings, 'Dotnine, salvnm fno Impcratorcm !' As soon as this is nt .nn end die emperor proceeds to crown the empross, who ap proaches and stnuds boforo his throne; ho lays nsido his sceptre and orb, and tiiking his ci'uwn nil his : head ho holds it a few seconds over hers, and thon resumes it himself; the smaller crown is then brought and in I'ustened on the ontprcsa's head by her indies, and nt tho siutie tiino.shu is in vested with tlie impcriul mantle mid tho collar of tlie Order of St. Andrew. As Bonn as she has rosmned her seat on her/1 throne tho chrrr commences sillying ' Domino, salvam fnc Imperatrioem,' all tho : bells-aro struok, and a salvo ot> 101 guns is fired. i ; " During tlio musio nnd tho' sttlnto tho empress/mother first (if -she is present) approaches the imperial couple and con gratulate them ; sho is followoil in this by the other members of the imperial family, nud at tho sumo time the clergy, the highest .military .officers, tlio corps diplo matique, and all present giro three cheers. ' Salvum fuo linpcrntorcm'. .follows then and is succeeded hy the Russian hymn, ' Muvgaja Goto' ('Give many long years,') ifec. When the congratulations aro at an end tho emperor, reads, aloud , a long prayer from a missal tlint is handed to him, after which all present kneel down and repeat a prayer after one of the deacons ; and this forms tho conclusion of -the coro nation, properly so called, and tho anoint ment then begins. "This is commenced by a Tt deum. The emperor removes tlio crown from his head, lays aside the orb and sceptre, and kisses tho Gospels, which are handed to him. A crimson carpet witk'gold bordor is now laid from between the two- imperial seats down the steps undor and behind the screen, or iconostass, into the sancttttn, and on tbo scarlet carpet a somewhat narrower one of cloth of gold. As soon as tho car- pots are laid tho doors of tho screen open, and the metropolitans, in th-ir mitres, ap pear at them, and a procession forms itself from tho thrones to the screen ; - tho high officers, who had brought tho insignia in procession to tho cathedral bear them now again, but walk on the crimson ninrgin left of iho carpet; the emperor and; empress nlpno walk on the cloth of gold. /'On ar riving at the screen every one steps aside, and tho emperor alone is left in the door way, whon the Metropolitan of-Nqvogorod, who holds tlio. vase with tlio Chrysmn, dipB a golden -twig in the holy oil and anoints tho emperor on the. forehead, the eyelids, the nostrils, tho lips,, tho ears, and the breast. While so doing ho utters tho words, ' Impressip: doni Spirilus Sahcti, and when lie hits oopoluded, the Metropoli tan of. Kioff, wipes .- off tlio balsam with a napkin. The empress is also anointed, but only on the forehend, and the Metropolitan of Moscow! offioiates with/ the innpkin. While this anointment is going on. all the bolls are' struck again continuously, and another scries of, 101 guns is fired. - " The three above- mentioned metropoli tans now oonduet the, anointed emperor through the doors of the scrcon into the sanctum and plnoo him before the' altar : the train of bis; mantle is now bornd by the1 metropolitans, as no layman is permitted to. enter.' The emperor now receives both elements of the' Lord's Supper at the hands of tho Metropolitan of Novogorod, .another 'privilege' that ib accorded only! to the oin-- peror. Tho ompress in ' tho " menntimo 'stands .outBido nt tho open dootv whore tlto sacrament is administered to her, but not : with tee actual elements, but simply in tho symbolical . manner - indicated -iii. the ! mass. ' This f latter part is the v. most ; impressive!' 'portion' .of the core-:;' mony ; "a puifcot silcueo reigns throughout1 the vast cathedral, brokeri-only by'tlio low - muttering of tlio / metropolitans, engaged arouml the sanctum; arid ahrit'otit'lrom tho siglu of tlio ''congregation; outside, how ever,, the hells arc clnnging loudly, >qnd tho 'windows of, tlio ,0a thedral rattle with the report of tho: artillery! When the cero-'. moiiy of the:anointiuent is over the impe rial eriuple' return to their thrones', resume their1 insignia, arid iho emporprarid empress ieave .tho' eaih'edral ty the northern gate, . ..which. leads to the graves of /the bygone. Czars. Tito empress mother, and all' the rest of the participators in -'the ceremony now leave the cathedral by the duor.at ... which they had entered, and repair to the palace, whore they await the return of the ompbror and. empress; 'tvhb' in tho mean time perform tlioir devotions at tlie.graves, ! and thence proceed to the Cathedral-of tho Annunciation. - /T t: ... " When the ceremony has concluded/ the/ emperor' show's himself To' the'niul.tititdd/' from a balcony, and then proceedei/'toThe:. banquet.".:., , ./ , - 11 