MISCELLANEOUS. DID THE EMPEROR NICHOLAS COMMIT SUICIDE?-At an inquiry recently held before Mr Wakley, into the circumstances attending the death of a person who had suffered from an affection of the pulmon ary organs, the disease to which the late Emperor of Russia's death was attributed, the coroner, in remarking upon the case, observed, " In the case of the Emperor Nicholas, his death was put down to pa- ralysis of the lungs and bronchitis, which accooding to the symptoms described, was known by us, as medical men,to have been stated onlv to deceive the public mind. The officiai document describing the em- peror's death stated that, at the last, he took leave of his family with a firm voice, a proceeding physically impossible if he was suffering from the disease stated in the certificate of death. The belief, there- fore, on the minds of the medical men in this Country was, that the emperor was poisoned ; and that is my own opinion not, at the sante time, that he was poisoned by those about him, but that he committed suicide." JÍUSSIA AS SBEK BY A MAJOR IN THE AMKMCAN ABMT.--A major in the Ame- rican army, formerly a Consul in France, [ recently spent three months in Kussia. He dined with General Luders, and found him a personal enemy of Gortschakotf. Cronstadt he describes as " quite as strong as it has been represented, but more so from its natural position than from any- thing extraordinary in the defences." Ni cholaietf he thinks can only be taken by a land force ; and though, When he left it, just before the Emperor's arrival, the de- fences were insignificant, the famous Tod iebon had commenced a series of new works. Cherson, he says, can easily be destroyed by the fleets ; w hile he describes Perekop as a filthy desolate place, with only three houses und two miserable earth- works, defended while he was there, which w^s in October, by 48,ooo men. Into the Crimea h?e vainly endeavored'to penetrate ; nor pquld he find any Kussiau officer who had seen the Tchernaya line of defence1, but he waa assured that the line was im and that only from Perekop and Eupato- ria wat< auv attack feared. This gentle- man cQnfirms, from the admission of .Kus- siau ofijtfers with whdm ho cottversed, an opinion .which baa already been expressed in letters from our camp, viz!, that Sebas- topol was Virtually taken after the capture of ;the Meelon on thé 7th ot Jtíiib, in dead, they told him that' several timed jihey were driven back fróín their works kofJ dispirited, that the allies, by pushing on, might have been' masters of the placé, His inference from all he coüíd leárnJ ree4-,' pecting the Crimea is, that the Búósianá will be obliged to leave it. His général ' conclusion with respect to the military power of Bussia is, that most exaggerated,, notions have been entertained respecting it. The Consol's observations, however, are chieflly noticeable for the strong con* trast which they prespnt in their tone and spirit to those of other Americans who, have made known their sentiments upon the same subject ; and if he does not com* . munica te much detailed information what he does furnish is the more valuable froth the impartiality with which he writes.~ American paper. TABLE-BVPPINO.-Sir David Brewster, whose name has been much used in con«, nection with those delusions of table-rap- ping, which are so capitally parodied by, the Wizard at the Lyceum Theatre, lisa written to the newspapers an account of hie sitting, from which we give the follow« iug extracts by way of record-M It is true that I saw at Cox's Hotel, in com- pany with Lord Broughan, and at Eating, in company with Mrs Trollope, several mechanical effects which I was unable to explain. But though I could not account for all these effects, I never thought of as- cribing them to spirits stalking beneath the drapery of the table; and I saw enough to satisfy myself that they could all be produced by human hands and feet, and to prove to others that some of them, at least, had such an origin. Were Mr Hume (the American medium) to assume the character of the Wizard of the West, I would enjoy his exhibition as much as that of other conjurers ; but when he pre» tends to have the power of introducing among the feet of his audience the spirits of the dead, of bringing them into physi- cal communication with their dearest re- latives, and of revealing the secrets of the grave, he insults religion and common sense, and tampers with the most sacred feelings of his victims." In another let- ter Sir Duid enters in more detail into what Lord Brougham and he saw done by " the spirits," and what they did not see -"It is not true that the accordion played a t air throughout, in Lord Broug- ham's hands. It merely squeaked. It is not true, as stated in an article referred to by Mr Hume, that Lord Brougham's ' watch was taken out of his pocket, and found in the hands of some other per. son in the room.' No such experiment was tried.At Mr Cox's house, Mr Hume, Mr Cox, Lord Brougham, and my- self sat dow n to a small table, Mr Hume having previously requested us te examine if there was any machinery about his per- son-an examination however which we declined to make. When all our hands were upon the table noises were heard-' rappings in abundance; and finally, when we rose up the table actually rose, As ap- peared to me from the ground.Be- sides the experiments with the accordion, aiready mentioned, a small hand-bell to be rung by the spirits was ploced on the ground near my feet. I placed my feeti around it in the form of an ungle, to catch any intrusive apparatus. The bell did not ring, but when taken to a place near Mr Hume's feet, it speedily came across and placed its handle in my hand. This was amusing. It did the same thing buHglingly to Lord Broughan, by knock- ing itself against His Lordship's knuckles, and after a jiugle it fell. The séance was more curious at Ealing, where I was a more watchful and more successful observer. I will not repeat the revelations made tp Mrs Trollope, who was there, lest I should wound the ieelings of one so accomplished and sensible I remember them wiih un mingled pain. The spirits were here very active, prolific in raps of various intolfa nntions, making long tables heavy or light at command ; tickling knees, male or fe- male, but always on the side next the me. dium ; tieing knots in handkerchiefs drawn down from the table, and afterwards tossed upon it ; and prompting Mr Hume when he had thrown himself into a trance, to a miserable paraphrase on the Lord's Prayer. During these experiments I made some observations worthy of notice. On one occasion, the spirit gave a strong affirma- tive answer to a question by three raps unusually loud. They proceeded from a part of the table exactly within the reach of Mr Hume's foot, and 1 distinctly saw three mevements in his loins, perfectly simultaneous with the three raps."»«Athe~ nonum. A GHOST DjCMONsTBAriK« HIS OWN IMPOSSIBILITY !-The Athenäum, in a re- view of an American translation of Henry Heine's novels, extracts the following clever story of the ghost of Dr Saul As- cher which appeared to Heine, at Goslar -" 'The highest principle is reason,* said I, consolingly to myself as I slid into bed. But it aviled me nothing. I had just been reading in Varnh'agen von Euse's ' German Narrations,' which I had brought with me from Clausthal, that terrible tale of a son who, when about to murder bin father, waa warned in the night by the ghost of his ' mother. The wonderful truthfulness with which this story is de- picted caused, while reading'it, a shudder of horror in all my veins. Ghost stories invariably thrill us wilh.additional horror when read during'a journey and by night in á town, in a house, and in a chamber where we have never before been. We in vpluntarily reflect, 'HowJmany hoprors may haye been perpetrated,on this very apot where I now lie P * Meanwhile, the moon shone into my room- in a doubtful, suspicious manner ; all "kinds of uncalled for shapes quivered on the walls, as I laid me down and glanced fearfully around, I beheld---. There is nothing so ' un- canny1 as when a man sees his own face by moonlight in a mfrror. At the same instant there struck a deep booming, yawning, bell, and that so slowly and wearily that I firmly believed that it had been full twelve hours striking, and that it was now time to begin over again. Bei tween the last, and hext to the last tones, there struck in very abrutly, as if irritated and scolding, another bell, who was appa- rently out of patience with the slowness of her friend. As the two iron tongues were silenced, and the stillness of death sunk over the whole house, 1 suddenly seemed to hear, iu the corridor before my chamber, something halting and waddling along, like the unsteady steps of a man. At last the door slowly opened, and there entered deliberately the late departed Doctor Saul Ascher. A cold fever driz- zled through marrow and vein-I trembled like an ivy leaf, and scarcely dared to gaze upon the ghost. He appeared as usual, with the same transcendental grey old coat, the same abstract legs, and the same mathematical face, only this latter was a little yellower than us aal, and the mouth, which formerly described two angles, of 22£ degrees, was pinched together, and .the circles around the eyes had a some- what greater radius. Tottering and sup- porting himself as usual upon his Malacca cane, he approached me, and said, in his usual drawling dialect, but in a friendly manner-'Do not be afraid, nor believe that I am a' ghost. It is a deception of your imagination, if you believe that you see me a ghost. It is a deception of your imagination, if you believe that you seo me a ghost. What is a ghost ? Define one. Deduce for me the conditions of the possibility of a ghost. In what reasona- ble connection does such an apparition coincide with reason itself P Season, I say reason !' Here the ghost proceeded to analyse reason ; cited from Kant's ' Critic of Pure Reason,' part 2,1st sec- tion, chap. 3, the distinction between phe- nomena and noumena ; then proceeded to construct a hypothetical system of ghosts, piled one syllogism on another, and con- cluded with the logical proof that there are absolutely no ghosts. Meanwhile the cold sweat beaded over me, my teeth chat- tered like castinets, and from very agony of soul I nodded an unconditional assent t to every assertion which the phantom Doctor alleged against the absurdity of being afraid of ghosts, and which he de- monstrated with such zeal, that finally in a moment of abstraction, instead of his gold watch, he drew a handful of grave worms trom his vest pocket, and remark- ing his error, replaced them with a ridi- culous but terriaeld haste. ' The reason is the highest.«....4 Here the clock struck 1, and the ghost vanished." " WE t COMB LITTLE STaAKaEE."-In rambling through a Dutch town you will occasionally see a small piece of paper pasted against the street door, and this, on closer inspection, you will find to be a me- dical bulletin, informing you of that day's state of health of some " little stranger " and its mother within. Should you hap Íien to pass the same way again on the bllowing morning, you will observe an- other such bulletin issued on the doorpost, and telling the world-"probaby-that "the mother and child are doing well." This mode of announcement is adopted, it is Bald, to prevent the necessity of ringing, and so disturbing the house at each fresh enquiry after the condition of the lady and her little one. In the town of Haarlem, however, the crown of a small lace cap, with a piece of coloured silk underneath, is framed and hung at one of the door posts to indicate an increase in the family within. The sex of the infant is marked by the colour of the sex beneath-if a boy is is pink, if a girl white. The house, moreover, which has been thus " blessed " is entitled to several privileges. Nothing calculated to disturb the rest of the mo- ther is permitted to approach the premi- ses for several days ; and troops, passing l>y on the march, are bound to silence their drums on entering the street. No soldiers can be billeted on the dwelling at such times, nor eau bailiffs legally enter it. This curious custom, and these peculiar ' immunities, owe their origin to an occur- rence during the Beige of Haarlem by the Spaniards in the sixteenth century. The town-so runs the story-being about to be surrendered by the Dutch, a deputa- tion of aged, matrons went to the Spanish General to beg that the women who were then in childhood should be protected from disturbance. The Spaniard ordered that some simple sign, should be affixed to the door of each house in which there was a female so conditioned, and pledged his .WordHihat suchr houses should be exempt from violence. The lace crown of a baby's \- cap wa* chosen j and to this day the little token continues a shield against molesta- tion to, the inmates.«- The Bhine and its picturesque Scenery, By Horace Mayhew. DAICGHB OF LEAENING GEAMMAB. To the Editor of the Missouri Democrat. Mr Editor,-I have been sendin' my dater Nancy to a school to a schoolmaster in this naborhood. Last Friday I wentjover to the school just too see how Nancy was gittia' along, and I sees things I didn't like by no means. The schoolmaster was larnin' her things entirely out of the line of eddycation, and as I think improper. I set awhile in the school house and heered one class say their lesson. They was a spellen, and I thot spelled quite exceed I ingly. Then cum Nancy's turn to say her lesson. 8he said it Very spry. I was shot, and determined she should leave that school. I have heered that grammar was an oncommon fine study, but I don't want eny more gramer about my house. The lesson that Nancy sed'was nothin' but the foolishest kind uv talk, the ridicles luv talk you ever seed. She got up and the first word she sed was, " I love !" I looked rite at her hard for doin' so improper, but she went rite on and sed : " Thou lovest, he loves," and I reckon you never heerd such a riggermyrole in your life-love, love, love, and nothin' but love. She said one time, " I did love." Sez I, " Who did you love ?" Then the scholars laffed,""butl wasn't to be put off, and I sed, " Who did you love, Nancy ? I want to know-who did you dove?" The schoolmaster, Mr McQuillistor, put in, and said he would explane when Nancy finished the lessen. This sorter pacyfied me, and Nence went on with awful love talk. It got wus and wus every word. She sed, " 1 might, could, or would love." I stopped her again, and sed I reckon I would see about that, and töld her to walk out ot that house. The schoolmaster tried to interfere, but I wouldent let him say*a word. He said I was a fool, and I nockt him down and made him holler in short order. I taukt the strate thing to him ; I told him Ide show him how hede lam my dater gramer. I got the nabers together, and we sent Mr McQuillister off in a hurry, and I reckon tharl be no more gramer teechen in these parts soon. If you know of any rather oldish man in your regreen that don't .teech gramer we would be glad if you wood send him up. But in the footure we will be kerful how we employ men. Yung schoolmasters won't do, especially if they teeches gramer. Its a bad thing for mo- rels. Yours till deth, THOMAS JEF- FERSON SOLE.-American Paper. SCENE AT A CALIFOBNIAN EKXEOUTION. -The execution, of two men, named Crane and Free, took place recently in California, which was attended by upwards of 5ooo persons. The Placewell gives the following account of the revolting affair : -"At 1 o'clock p*m., accompanied by Carson and his assistants, the prisoners came forth and took their seats quit« gaily in a waggon. Crane was elegantly dressed in a full summer suit of white pants trimmed with blue, a blue sash, with rosette or star upon his breast, and looked and acted the perfect Kentucy gentle .man. Free was also well dressed: light coat, trimmed with red ; a red sash ; black pants, trimmed with red ; an elegant low crowned black rowdy hat, which he wore a little on one side, and appeared not un- like an unconcerned jolly sailor. Arriving at the foot of the gallows, both ascended with a firm step to the platform. Free quite gaily (both being entirely uncon fined) skipped upon the drop and- around the platform, smiling upon the arrange- ment. They were now permitted to aa dress the assemblage. Crane in a very gentlemanly manner, and apparently with- out the slightest hesitation, read in a louu, firm voice his address. He seemed to re- gret nothing except that he had not been permitted to take his own life before; that he was soon to be with his beloved bride, but whom the world called his mur- dered victim, and continued to speak for nearly twenty minutes. Free said he had concluded not to make any remarks, as it would only excite the people present, and stepped back from the edge of the scaf- fold. Calls from the crowd to * Go on !' 1 Let us have it !' brought him forward. He then said, " I'll give you Micky Free's scaffold song." He commenced, but af- ter singing three lines stopped, saying, ' Gentlemen, I can't go through with it ; you must excuse me.' Crane came for- ward and commenced signing a hymn from manuscript, probably of his own com- position, in which Free heartily joined. Then being clothed in the habiliments of the grave, they stepped upon the drop without the slightest apparent reluctance. The ropes were adjusted about their necks, a prayer offered up to the God of heaven and of earth for mercy on their souls, and with 'Amen' fell the drop and the two murderers. The last words of Free were, ' Now, boys, 'see that this is done right,' Crane's last words were, *' Susan, receive me ; I will soon be with you.* Crane was tried and found|guilty of the murder of Miss Susan M. Newenham, near King gold, El Dorado county. He shot her with a Colt's revolver. Free had, accord- ing to his confession and the evidence ad- duced on his trial, led a career of crime." THE MAGICIAN AND THE MABKEI- WO- MAN.-McAllister, the famous magician, was passing through one of our markets, accompanied by a friend, when they sud denly passed before an old woman who had a few dozen eggs to sell. " Are these fresh?" inquired-Mac. "Taw, dey ish fresh," was the reply." "I may try a few I suppose, to prove them, if I pay for all I break ?" " Taw,* ' said the vender of eggs, and McAllister immediately proceeded to break one. " Good gracious !" he ex- claimed, with feigned astonishment, "what is this ?" and he picked out of it a ^20 gold piece. The woman started With sur- prise. McAllister broke another egg tho woman eyeing him closely-and to her increased surprise, out dropped a ¿8? IO gold piece. The magician took np an- other egg, which he broke, when out fell a 4?5 gold piece upon the stand. " I ra- ther like these eggs," he quietly remarked, breaking another, and picking up a quar- ter eagle piece from among thei ruins. By this time the Dutchwoman began to get excited, and taking her basket, exclaimed -" I doesh not like to shee mine eggs all prokes upon te ground !" "Oh, nonsense, my good woman, what is that to you, so you get your pay," returned Mac. " At all events let me have one more egg," and so saying he took another egg, which he broke and extracted from it another gold piece. The woman refused to sell any more at any price* Whereupon the ma- gician and his companion, paying for the damage they had done, continued on their stro'l through the market. After Bome little time they returned to the scene of the egg exploit, when to their utter as- tonishment, behold! the Dutch woman had a crowd around her, and was smashing her eggs as fast as she could, but looked in vain for the gold pieces. " Why, what is the matter, good woman," said McAllis ter. " Vere is de eggs mit the golt ?" shrieked the woman. " Why you don't know how to sort them-let me-I'll take this one"-"No you sha'n't," exclaimed the vender, snatching the egg and break- ing it herself but with the same mortifying result. " I guess the good ones are all gone," said the magician, "but as you haven't many left, 111 take the lot at your regular price." With a sigh the woman consented, and handed over the basket. McAllister at once began to break them one-two-three-four-at each time pro- ducing a gold piece ! The Dutch woman could stand it no longer, but seizing one Bide of the basket dashed her fist in among them, to the demolition of the entire stock. But alas ! not a single gold piece could she find. McAllister threw her one to compensate for her disappointment, and then slipped away-but not before the crowd began to get an inkling of who he was, and mention audibly the name of McAllister, the great magician. 