MR. M'KEATf BUCHANAN'S HAMLET. . It bun baeu often remarked by critics and lovern of the Drama, that of till the characters drawn by Shakspere, Samlet is one which has met with tho least success upon the stage, though it is as fre quentlv played as any other. This arises, no doubt, from the delicato and refined sensibilities which inform the character, and from the difficulty of finding an actor who can so far feel and think with tho being ho represent e, as, in his impersonation, not to display tho actor rather than the man. On Monday night, the 13th inst., we had the extreme gratification of witnessing this character performed by Mr. M'Keas Buchanan, on the occasion of his benefit. It was^a great treat to us, indeed, nnd allb'rded a moat intellectual feaBt. This truly grent tragedian failed not to delineate and pourtray all that we could wish in so difficult a performance. ITis first soliloquy — on his mother's marriage — was delivered with such depth of pal.hos.and variety of expression, that all we have heard of Kemblg in this passage, came out in most ugreeable relief before us, especially where he says — ' So excellent a king; Mint was, to this, Hyperion to a Satyr j so loving to my mother, That ho might, not beteom the winds of heaven Visit her face too mighty. Heaven and earth, Must T remember? 'Why, she would hang upon As if increase of uppctitc had grown [him, By what it fed on— and yet, within, a month Let mo not think on't i Frailty, thy name is— woman.' This passage deservedly merited the rapturous ap plause which greeted him on the delivery of the last line. His reply of 'In my mind's eye, Horatio,' to the lattcr's enquiry where he saw his father, so often quoted nnd so variously delivered, struck us as peculiarly and most appropriately modulated, for he seemed as if he wished to keep the vision for.himsclf alone. His murmuring.tropidation and pathetic weakness on fii'Et Beeing the ghost have never been equalled. The filial reverence for his ' father's spirit,' the submissive and anxious at tention he pays to its narration, his listening atti tude throughout, the fall of lm sword at the men tion of 'his foul nnd unnatural murder,' andhis outstrotched:hands and rivetted look when he hears that ' The serpent thnt did sting thy father's life, -' Now wettrs his crown,' struck the sympathetic spark through the whole, circle of spectators. Hamlet's assumed madness was admirably drawn, and his parting with Ophelia after meditating self-slaughter was one of the most -.affecting scenes we ever witnessed. We thought, indeed, that his heart-strings would have broken when he pronounced for the last time ' To a nunnery go.' ' O, what a noble mind was hero o'erthrown !' We could, if space permitted us, givo mo3t fuvour able comments upon every scene, and upon almost every feature of. this grand impersonation. The scene with the players on the platform was well wrought, and caused intensest interest, particularly where tho-poiaon is poured into tho car of the sleeping Duke, and Hamlet's violent exposition of its meaning, rends the conscience of the king, to his complete discomfiture and diaanpearanco from the scene. This first triumph of revenge elicits a wild and ironical burst of laughter from Hamlet, which told upon the audience' with thrillirigefTect. His subsequent interview with tho queen his mother, was perfect. His pathetic commentary on his father's picture, and the violently delivered des cription of his unclu's were in wonderful contrast.. Mr. Buchanan left nothing unprovided for our entertainment, for tho grave scene, the admirable arrangement of tho funeral procession, and to crown all, tho closing sccnoofthe play where he fences with Laertes — tho struggle — the murder of tho Icing— his- own death — 'accomplished all we could have anticipated. Mr. Buchanan has given us several new readings which we think a decided improvement upon the old text. Among tho rest . we noticed the following. In the passage beginning ' What a pieco of work is man, &c.;' (not ii. scene 2nd) he gives this rending — 'And yet to me what is this? Quintessence of dust.' The usual reading being 'And yet to mo what is this quintessence of dust?' Again, just before the Players come in, the King, being seated, nsks 'How fares our cousin Hamlet?' Tho following is Mr. Buchanan's reading of tho answer. Excellent! i'fnith of 'tho ' chnmeliori's dish I eat': the air, promise-erainm'd : you cannot feed capons so.' On tho enmo night, Mr. Buchanan appeared also in the character of Sir Charles Coldstream, in the comedy ' ' Used Up.' The adaptation of the pieco is his own. Ho was well received in it nnd very attentively listened to throughout. From the very peculiar character of Sir Charles, wo can not from it alone fully estimate tho .powers. of Mr. Buchanan, as a comedian. Take him though ' foi' all in all' we can safely say tbnt he is the greatest tragedian that lias come to visit us. His taste is of a higher order than is generally met with, and he is admirably qualified for raising tho ' LegitimateDrama' to its proper rank and plrico of excellence. Whether tho Sydney public appre ciate him or rot, tho judicious fow must ovor accord him their fullest approbation. H6 is every inoh the man ho desires to personate. No actor that wo have seen in these parts of the world, has over pourtray ed tho elocutionary powers of voice, in flection and action -with more correctness and pre cision than tho Btarthat now adorns our Australian metropolis. In hinv.KEMBKE'S; grace and dignity invite the artist's powers to delineate — Kean's physical energy you see before you, arid Nature's mirror in nil her simplicity of reflection you bohold in Mr. MoKean Buchanan. .V ;???.?' 'States fall, arts fade but Nature doth not die.'. Of him, both in countenance, in action, in his tout ensemble, it is true to say '-.-;?... . 'Love, transport, madness,' anger, soornj despair, And all the passions, all the soul is thero.' -? 