AMERICA. From the Times September , 2nd. Washington, Aug. 19. Tho ordinary session of this the 31th Congress of tho Republic terminated at noon. Having been assembled for eight months, both Houses were very willing to disperse. Some members had actually left, and tomor row would have seen most of them on the wing ; but a higher power intervened, and laid an embargo on thom They had scarcely quitted the Capitol when a procla. motion from tho President convened them for an extra session, to commence on tho 2lst. In this session an important measure is to ho reconsidered, tho vote or money lor tno support oi uiu uriaj ; il u«u been refused by the House of Representatives, and tho attempts to effect nn understanding were yesterday cut short by the arrival of tho hour of adjournment. Thin is of course a serious embarrassment to tlio Kxecutivo, and tho official summons to an extra session was forced from it by necessity. Rather unwillingly the members return immediately to their desks ; tho break-up has not been the preluilo to a holyday. This sudden step on tho part of the Government, though quite constitu tional, surprised tho members, as if it had been a kind of coup d'etat. The causes of this net of Stato necessity are, briefly, these : — The conflict between free labor and slavery in the territory of Kansas has required the interference of the Federal Executive ; its troops havo, by order of tho central authorities, suppressed the free Legislature there, or prevented its assembling, nnd othcrwiso aided tho rival body of the pro- slavery settlers. To chock this course of action on tho part of tho central power, which would inevitably make Kansas a slave State, the repre sentatives of the North dotennincd to ' sto[i tho sup plies' ' till many grievances springing from this conflict wero remedied. To several money bills, or appropria tions for tho civil and judicial services, they added ??riders,' or amendments, defining the conditions on on which the funds wero granted— conditions, of course, favorable to tho Free-soil interest. To the Appropria tion Bill for the Anny, involving many millions, they append a similar clause. After much negotia tion and many conferences between Honso and Senate in tho last few days, vrith somo concession ou both sides, tho amendments to tho Civil Supply Bills were abandoned by tho House ; but to that added to the Anny Bill tho members adhered firmly ; iu the words of one hon. gentleman, they would not pay for ' powder to shoot nnd halters to hang' tho free immi grants from tho Northern States into that unhappy territory. Through tho long day and night session of tho 10th tho Conforenco went on, no agreement being , possible ; many other bills passed and money was voted, freely enough, but not tho Army Estimates. Tho Senate struck out tho conditional clause ; tho House restored it, and the hill went back with the fatal ap pendix to it, tho ' black rider,' as it is termed, stick ing as closely as the dark trouble behind tho horseman of Horace. Could the Confer ences of Sunday have obtained peaco and concord, it would havo been a work befitting the Sabbath ; but they did not. Tlio attempts of yesterday equally failed. At tho last moment, both in the House and Senate, it was proposed to extend tho sitting till two o'clock, in the hope of coming to an understanding; but, during the discussion in tho House on this point, tho clock striking noon put an end to nil debato, aud both Chambers stood adjourned, the Execu tive twolvo millions short of its supplies, and tho power that could alono voto them dispersing to all tho winds. So tho proclamation from tho White House was suddenly launched, and in tlio extra session now ensuing tho dispute lias, if possible, to be settled. The measure is a very unusual one, and only adopted on great emergencies— a fact which gjtliciently proves how deep and strong aro the conflicting passions tho terrible question of slavery has infused into Federal politics. Though tho Presi dent, tho Senate, and tho Congress are all elected j powers, yet here is a collision similar in principle to ) those which have occurred where hereditary monarchs stretchcd their prerogative too far, and provoked the resistance of the purse, tho most inconvenient form an Opposition can assume. The President alleges in his proclamation tho peril the country is exposed to on various points of its immense territory from the In dians, with whom a fitful war is actually waging, and other dangers to the publio peaco, as the urgent reasons why the military forco should not be exposed to the risk of disorganization. Many years— a wholo genera tion, I believe— havo elapsed since this power was exercised by tho chiof authority. Tho following is the official document: — ' BY TIIE PllESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OP AMERICA. ' A PROCLAMATION'. ' Whereas while hostilies exist with various Indian tribes on tho remote frontiers of tho United States, and while in other respects the public peace is seriously threatened, Congress has adjourned without granting necessary supplies for tho army, depriving tho Executive of the power to perform his duty, in relation to tho common defence and security, and an extraordinary occasion has thus arisen for assem bling the two Houses of Congress , I do therefore, by this my proclamation, convene tho said Houses to meet attlie Canitoi. in tho citv of Washington, on Thursday, 21st day of August inst: ; hereby requiring the re spective senators and representatives then and their to assemble, to consult and determine on such mea sures as to tho state of tho Union may seem to requiro. ' In testimony whereof, I have caused the seal of tho United States to bo hereunto allixed, and signed tho same with my hand. 'Done at the city of Washington, tho 18th day of August, in tho year of our Lord 1856, and tlio indo peiulcnco of tho United States tho 81st. 'FRANKLIN PIERCE. ) ('By order, W. L. Mahcy, Secretary of State. | JAs this is ono of the blank days between the two ses sions, nothing is to bo ascertained but surmises and speculations ; on tho whole, tho probabilities aro in favor of an understanding. In fact, tho Government of the United States is in & singular — among the Governments of the world, tho very singular — position of being ombarassed by riches. It could oasily pay off its debt, but its bondholders will not sell, and tho Treasury is offering premiums of 10 and 10 per cent, for tho surrender of its own certificutci If creditors will not bo paid off, what can be done ? The Federal revenue increases far beyond the demands of tho exclusively Federal expenditure ; it is at this moment rising to a larger amount than ever, from tho enormous imports Europe is pouriny in through tho Customs. This pleasing fact is perfectly well known ; and thero is no lack of speculators upon it, quite pre pared to reliovo Uncle Sam of any inconvenient superfluity, boldly maintaining that depletion in Bucli a case is a work of charity. Tho question is, how tho Exchequer can be got at constitu tionally. Increase of pay to officials whose salaries wera fixed in simpler and cheaper times ; magnificent public works, new public offices on tho grandest scale, now wings aud n towering dome to the Capitol, till tho ollieial portion of Washington is wholly iu the hands of masons nnd architects ; books published at a scale of outlay that ought to make literature look up and bo proud, for £90,000 sterling spent on a single work outdoes the merely commercial spirit of ' tlio. Row; ' exploring expeditions, surveys, experiments, may all bo found opposite handsome sums iu tho estimates ; lastly, tho representatives have dono violence to their feelings, and doubled their own pay — a seat in cither House is now worth abuut £700 a year — all this expenditure is far from exhausting tho Treasury. But there other means of obtaining a hold on it, mdre affected by the predatory chus this wealth appears to havo called into existence. Never was a Government that had so many 'claims' on it; agency for claims is a regular profession. In all parts of tho world the Government appears, at some time or other, to have caused loss and damage to unknown persons, who, sometimes 10 years after date, turn up with their little accounts at Washington. Wo were once annually hauuted by a Parliamentary ghost called ' Danish claims, ' and another spectro of tho same kind thnt walked the house at midnight under the namo of the Baron de Bode. Similar spirits abound hero, and, with half the evidence in their behalf pos sessed by those above-mentioned, they aro sent to repose by payment : a full Treasury cannot refuse reparation even in doubtful eases so well as an empty ono can to all, good and bad ; and if anything like a fair case can bo made out, and the amount is large enough, there is a surprising readiness of payment. In some instances tho wish to do justice, or atone for long neglcct, has been very praiseworthy : pensions, compen sations, land grants, have been given to tho survivors and descendants of tho soldiers .of the revolution who fought through a period of poverty, and did not live into this golden age of wealth. But this amiable tendency of the legislature, like other good things, is abused. Sharpers of tho lower legal spccies make a trade of getting up ' claims,' and tho revolutionary period is not yet exhausted ; it is still made to produce demands on tho government. At ono of tho last sittings of tho Senate' a Dill of this kind, that would have relieved tlio Treasury of ton millions! was thrown out by an exposure of tho m.mhinery through which it was got' up. There are harpies as well as eagles hovering round tho Capitol. Tho bill by which the pay of the members of tho Senate and the representatives is increased niters also the mode of payment. It used t« ba eight dollars per diem — about £1 12s. — for the duration of tho session, with mileage to and from the district represented ; tlie travelling allowance could bo drawn in certain cases though tho mumher had not taken the jour ney ; he was supposed to havo done it, as in a i-2- election, and was entitled to constructive mileage ; for the distant States, like California, this amountod to a very liandsomo sum. Now, the payment 13 not daily, but in one sum of 6000 dollars for tho two years for which Congress is elected, or 3000 dollars a year, liable to deductions for voluntary ab sence. Tho allowance of mileage remains the same. The bill is retrospective, and gives the increased pay, about double the former rate, to tlio present Congress. It is hoped that the change to a yearly payment will tcn-1 to insure greater despatch of business. Tlie increased cost of living, it is said, quite justifies the rato of increase. It may be safely asserted that all tho expenses of tlio Government, salaries and allowances are on the rise. One bill that passed in the rush of tho 10th deserves to be noted, as it was on a subject likely to havo been crushed out of sight unless a disinterested friend or two had_ attended to it ; it _ had no party out of doors to back it. It is a bill giving to dramatic authors a copyright in their productions. Whether it will ul timately check the large importation of French pro duce in an English form, and of the scarcer original English nrticle also, remains to bo seen. Beforo there was no protoction whatever for tho writer, but, ai there are many cities and theatros, and a popular piece will now pay its author, it is possible American talent may attempt the drama. Tlio act will not apply to English wriUrs not resident in the country. South amton, Thursday.— Tho United States Mail Steamer Arago arrived here to-day, with New York advices, to tho 23d ultimo. Tho news by this arrival is rather interesting. Our Washington advices inform us that Congress had met for the Extraordinary Ses sion on the 21st ult. -?The Senate again reported in favour of tho Army Appropriation Bill, and in con nection with the President, endeavored to coorce the House of Representatives into voting money to enforce the Slave Territorial Laws of Kansas at tho point of the bayonet, to use the words of a New York paper ; but tho House was stubborn. Tho members, by a vote of 03 to So, passed the bill, but with tho IIouso's proviso, thus leaving matters as they stood before. Tho two Houses are at a dead look. Tho House of Representatives Have declared its readiness to vote all the money needed for tho support of Govern ment, but not to send federal dragoons into Kansas to execute upon tho peaceable settlers of that territory, tho inhuman code which tho border ruffians of Mis souri havo imposed upon them. Tho Senate refuses to permit tho Government to bo carried on upon such torms. It demands that theso lawn shall bo enforced — that tho House of Representatives shall supply the means for their enforce ment — or that tho wheels of Government shall stop. We have later advices from Kansas. Several sangui nary conflicts havo taken place. The Free Stato men appear to havo gained somo slight advantage. Notwith standing tho efforts made by the Emigration Board of Now York to stop tho plunder of emigrants by unprin cipled man-catchors, the nefarious runner system has of late been in full forco. Tho Board havo determined to put a stop to this state of affairs, and had consequently arrested several persons for omitting to obtain a license as emigrant runners or brokers. 