RUSSELL'S AUSTRALIAN TOUR." Mr. A.. RUSSELL, in offering himself as a candidate for the South Province, refers with just pride to his authorship of this very remarkable volume, and as Mr. PUNCH believes the work to be by no means so well known as it deserves to be, he proposes to make some extracts that will enable the electors to perceive what strong claims Mr. Russell has upon them as a literary man. Mr. PUNCH feels it necessary to premise, lest any similarity in styles might lead to confusion on the subject, that the author of the " Australian Tour" is not identical with the Timet correspondent in the Crimea of the same name. We know not whether most to admire Mr. Russell as a man of sentiment, as a humourist, or as a discoverer of new truths in science—particularly in mathematics and icthyology-or ae a general philosopher. Let us, however, consider him first as a man of sentiment. In that capacity, and in the journal he kept on the voyage, he makes the following entry on the 19th of January, 1839 :—~' " Have just anished reading a " part of ChiWo Hirold-I like Byron-one pas aege struck me ae particularly beautiful to-day-Bo far right, my lord. I read not much poetry, but could read more, did others write aB you have done , though dead, your works speak."—P. 28 This is true fame. Russell "likes Byron so far." What a blow it must be to the feelings of most poets tVlekrtf that Mr. Russell reads not much poetry. What an encouragement to the ghost of Byron that an exception has been made in his favour. But if the ghost has anything to complain of with respect to this very gratifying assurance, it is that the passage "all right so far" is not given, so that the world might' be better informed what to read, write, and avoid for the future! Mr. Russell not only appreciates written poetry, however; he loves the poetry of nature. Witness the following passage to be found at page 159, He describes a moonlight stroll from a bush hut— « The noise of my footsteps' awoke the watchful dogs which lay aboutin different places (to the vexation of the many native dogs who sometimes make a nocturnal attack on the flocks within the fold) but passing oy jlte . growl from those canine guardians, -1 reached a beautiful plain, finelyjnterspersea with tr.es enough to excite admiration in any breast; aKituationwhich many admirers of natSre would'have travelled far to participate betwixt the beauty and serenity of the night, the fleeting clouds casting their shadows ^ong the pUin likeathing of life. curved at times from the many broken boughsof tree which lay scattered about, while the howl of some native dog was heard as if far diitant." , We would not have had the effect of the above noble passage marred by prosaic explanations, but in a future edition perhaps a note might be added etating how many trees it takes to excite admiration m any breast, and why native dogs are entitled to the pronoun who while tame sheep dogs have to put up with "which. But the "thing of life, curved" &c; , is matchless. . Did the reader ever meet with anything equal to the following terse summary of the fate of certain classes of Australian emigrants:— " The agriculturist, the grazier, the ship-owner, the merchant,.and_tbe'tradesman have gained and lost fortunes in ways very similar to « «it at home ; the tide of fa'e in it's course «weeping into or out of it a vortex as u rolls along, receding from or following on to fortune " • A Tour through the Australian Colonies, in 1839, with Notes and Incidents of a. Voyage-sound the Globe, flailing at New Zealand and South America. By A. RUSSELL. Second Edition. To copy the style of our author, and we could not have a better model, the above words '' is" very similar to what iB daily met with in the addresses of Upper House candidates, but the piece about the tide which sweeps something, not mentioned, into a vortex, cannot be matched elsewhere than in Mr. Russell's own book. Out of that treasure-house we produce the following gem however, which possesses even a greater brilliancy. Speaking of the conduct of captains at sea, Mr, Russell observes— There can the man clothed with a little brief'authority, give a liliputian representation of the autocrat , despot, or tyrant, should Home unfortunates be in tiip power, by refusing what is even necessary for the preservation of health. Cabin passengers, after being seated at the table, have even waited the removal of covers till his Excellency got shaved, not from want of a previous opportunity further than the card table, or a ruffled temper produced at his opinion not being adopted on some subject. A thousand such ebulitions of bad taste and temper which is met with on board ship could be given much to the arfnoyance particularly of females unaccustomed to such treatment or fare."—P. 15. The author's modesty we think leads him a little astray here. Does he consider the above to be bad language?—if not, why shouldjgiving additional examples be more annoying to femaleB than to males? Perhaps it is not strictly accurate to say that "ebulitions is" met with on board ship or anywhere else, but there is nothing so indelicate about the expression so far as we see as to make it " mnch to the annoyance particularly of females." As we never heard of a man getting shaved from the want of a previous opportunity produced by a cardtable or a ruffled temper, we are less startled than we should probably otherwise have boen, at the announcement that His Excellency above referred to, did not get shaved from that want. If there is one thing which we admire more than anything else in Mr. Russell's journal, it is the sensitive delicacy of his mind. An entry for the 25th November, 1838 is " Spoke a vessel from America, bound for G " Now as the vessel in which Mr. Russell sailed had just left Greenock, we think it not improbable that that port was the one for which the American vessel was bound. But can anything be conceived more delicate than the attention to the feelings of Greenock evidenced in the suppression of the name of that sensitive sea port? We only hope that we now break no confidence in divulging that an American vessel was bound for Greenock on the 25th November, 1838. At this distance of time however, we think it can do no harm, ^ , Mr Russell is one of those industrious men who cannot bear to be idle, so he wrote th« following passage in his journal, for the same reason, that according to the Hibernian bard, " the stars BO bright t h - H a S lttttofSS' to do shall insert a few sea terms. WINDWARD from whence the wind blows. LEEWARD, to where it blows. STARBOARD, the right of the stern. ^RBOAM the left. STARBOARD HKLK, go to the left. HEUI A FORT, to the right. No HIGHER, too near the wind. LOTF YOU MAY, go nearer." -P. 104. Like John Gilpin, Mr. Russell loves a timely joke. Let us give one or two specimens, showing the readiness of his own humour, and his keen appreciation of the wit of others. The italics are Mr. Russell s T^hTvan Diemen's Land a rather laughable case occurred to a young gentleman mwIt arrived * * * * * He was out, in the common phrase^Epending an •veninfir WITH A FRIEND, whose hospitality became SATHER STRONG before his gu«st started onWsno^urnal course for the ship where be slept. On his march, either f^mrtar-Razing or from some top heavy subject, he must have become slightly obvious a W whether the length or the breadth of the road was the shortest wav home • bit on passing a guardian of the night whose notion of the power of halance^ere too contracted for our friend's enlargement, he was politely handed NT +N tL moKBY fcolonially called), sailors call itthe TRUNK, butetUl more gene- Slv kno^ a^he poUce office. There he was established till next day, when the usual fine was imposea, or if not paid a seat of exposure in the docks would have been the consequence. "—P. 190 and 191. Attain, what speech of Falstaffs overflows with such a sense of fun as the following passage a propos of certain land buying tricks Mr. Russell again indicates where the joke is with italics-a practice we believe very common and necessary among Scotchmen. "To check these practices it would have required a few of the inhabitants of a «rlain town wio AIE SATO TRADITIONALLY to have such an eye to business that trey sCp wit^nfof these organs open, in case of being deceived m their transactions, or CAUGHT asleep.''—P. 191. On the return voyage, Mr. Russell picked up at Bahia a bon mot, which he thus gives— \ . « On one occasion vre were much amused with a party in a rather extensive shop "On one occasion we several musical instruments, beating and no? t T they got red in the face, but till very black and excited. 5 '—P. 311. There was one joke which Mr. Russell fell in with however and which would not go down at all with a gentleman from Greenock. At Adelaide lie writes " We then met with a party of aborigines who have already acquired a good knowledge of money matters ; the first question being generally ' What name are • you?' 1 Give me WHITE money.' This was no doubt very amusing at first, bilt it soon became annoying in the course of a day."—P. 68. We beg to call the attention of the pilot board and harbour-master to the following passage. When going up the river to Port Adelaide, Mr. Russell writes— After crossing two bars or shoals, leaving another Bhip on one of these shoals, whicli had arrived a few days before us from London, we anchored about two miles within the creek or five miles below Port Adelaide."—P. 63. W-e knew that banks and shoals occasionally shifted a little, but w had no idea that they ever moved all the way from London to Australia. Indeed we believe it to be an entirely original discovery of Mr. Russell'? and we beseech him to give a detailed account of it to the Philosophical Society. It is the way with Mr. Russell, however, to make discoveries that would startle the whole scientific world, and having stated them, to pass them over as if they were of no importance. Such is the modesty of true genius. For example most of us, if we went to New Zealand and could prove the existence there of a real live dinornis, would think we had done Something worth making a little fuss about. See, however, how Mr. Russell recounts a much more remarkable thing:— " A few weeks before our arrival, a captain belonging to a whaling ship went ashore, trusting to 1he friendly disposition exhibited on a former occasion, but on proceeding up to a hill for the purpose of espying the whales, he was followed and killed by some of them and the body robbed."—P, 284. Nowhere else have we heard mention made of amphibious whales— still less of whales able to run up hill and make reprisals upon a whaling captain on land, for his attacks upon the whales afloat. What does Mr. Becker think of his Mai'supial tittlebat by the side of Mr. Russell's amphibious, vindictive, hill-ascending, homicidal, and felonious whales ? Mr. Russell is as great a discoverer in the mathematical field as in that of natural history. On the voyage home he saw some icebergs— " One of these we likened to a floating town from it's square block shape. On it's size we all agreed, considering- each side to ^e three quarters of a mile, or three miles square, and about 250 feet above the water leaving 500 feet under the surface."—P. 294. If Mr. Russell can establish to'the satisfaction of the scientific world that a square island with sides, each three quarters of a mile long, is three miles square, we unhesitatingly affirm that he will revolutionize mathematical science. Mr. Russell in the following graphic language describes the Emu, and the manner in which the natives kill it— " "We had previously been on the track of an emu, but did not come up with it- I had seen one the previous day however, which is a singular-looking bird, with two small wings, called flaffers. These it uses in running, to accelerate its speed, which is said to equal any race horse. It was the largest biped I ever saw, with a turn of neck like to that quadruped, the giraffe. The natives, however, circumvent it by a degree of cunning, setting its speed at naught. This is done by approaching it when feeding, undercover of a bush, which they carry before their person. The bird continuing to feed, unconscious of approaching danger, till the unerring eye of the native hurls the spear or some other instrument at it, with destruction in his aim." P The idea of describing the day, as a " singular looking bird with two small wings called Gaffers,"' is only one that could have occurred to a true genius. Mr. Russell stands alone to in having seen Australian natives hurling " spears or other instruments" with their eyes. We have heard of hearts pierced by darts from the eye of beauty, but we always coneeived that to be a mere figure of speech, and we had never any notion till we read the passage quoted, that the eye was ever used in hurling more material projectiles. Speaking of the way in which settlers travel through the bush, and having described the night's encampment, Mr. Russell says— 1 1 At break of day the stores are again had recourse to ; no traveller thinks of starting without first partaking of his morning beveridge (sic) DAMPER AND TEA It is almost incredible the distance often gone over on such fare as that described certainly temperate enough, but effeminacy or luxury finds no quarter in the, hush."—P. 153. To the word damper Mr. Russell appends a note, describing the nature of that "beveridge" :— < ( Damper is unleavened bread, mncb in shape to what it generally known as a soldier's loaf, though the damper i6 not quite BO thick ; this is baked on the hearth, being covered over with the hot ashes till it'is considered sufficiently prepared." We might add hundreds of equally brilliant extracts, but we have not space in which to do full justice to the work before us. As Mr. Swiveller remarks of beer, "it can't be tasted in sips." We have said enough to show the justice of that pride with which Mr. Russell refers to the great contribution he has made to English literature; and we leave it to electors to say whether be has not established an ample claim to their votes, when he refers to the authorship of " Russell's Australian Tour." 