THE VAMPIRE'S CAVE. A Highland Legend. I. Young Malcolm has gone to the haunted cells, Where the blood-sucking Vampire in horror dwells, The errand that speeds him, to ask if the maid Whom he plighted his troth to be living or dead. II. And he that would seek to converse with that fiend, His heart must be firm, and his courage be keen, For if it forsake him, nay, if he but quail, He will never return to tell the wild tale. III. Young Malcolm has reached and entered the cave, He paused for a moment beneath its dread nave, Ere he utter'd the spell which summon'd the sprite, From his dwelling below in the regions of night. IV. He has spoken the spell, for a moment no sound, Could he hear to disturb the silence profound, 'Twas but a moment, the next one a crash, Burst full on his ear like the ocean's wild dash. V. When it rolls its fierce waves through Staffa's dark caves, When the lightning flashes and the tempest raves, When pealing thunders so fearfully loud, 'T might have wakened a dead man in his shroud. VI. Young Malcolm shrunk back, for before him there stood The fiend whose delight is to gorge upon blood, His shape was gigantic, and awful to tell, His breath seemed as hot as if wafted from Hell. VII. And his eyes when they flashed had a fearful glare, That's even brave Malcolm's sank 'neath their dread stare. Arid his hair was entwined with numberless snakes, That wound round his shoulder their venomous flakes. VIII. Ha! ha! ha! yelled the Demon will you come to me now, Will you veil that proud head; will you stoop that proud brow? Fiend, spectre, or ghost, or what e'er you may be, Know-- young Malcolm M'Gregor will ne'er bow to thee. IX. At a waive of his hand the deep gloom passed away, And the cave seemed as bright as the noontide of day, And there lay fair Ellen in death's cold em- brace, The last and the lovliest of St. Clair's proud race. X. Oh, what were his thoughts as he drew near the bier, That supported the form he still loved so dear, They were thoughts of deep madness—soul thrilling despair— As he gazed on the havoc which death had made there. XI. For the bloom of that cheek and the fire of that eye, And the pulse of that heart that once beat so high, Had vanished away and there nought now re- mained, To speak of that beauty so deservedly famed. XII. Thou art gone he exclaimed, then break, break my heart, For never with life from thy corpse will I part, One grave shall contain us, my Ellen he cried, Then sank by her side, heaved a sigh and expired. R. S. WILLOCK. 