late items PUBLISHED DAILY.) I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." FRIDAY, 13th JUNE, 1856. THE REVISION COURT. THAT Mr. Sturt is great on questions of criminal law has been adequately demonstrated in the cases of the three squatters who created the disturbance at the Theatre Royal the case of Syme v. FitzGibbon -in the case of the stray goats, and in any number of other cases that it might be worth while to revive. But yesterday, for the first time, Mr. Sturt distinguished himself as an authority on Constitutional law, and by aid of Mr. O'Shanassy, who ought to have known better, and of some other gentlemen from whom perhaps no better was to have been expected, he-Mr. Sturt-accomplished the good work of disfranchising a very large number of the colonists of Victoria. We experienced a kind of premonitory shivering when we first learned that Mr. Sturt was to have a voice in the Revision Courts. We felt that prejudices and habits of thought would prompt him to fancy that any limitation to the power of popular election would be a kind of triumph to the order that possesses his narrow sympathies, and we were painfully well aware that in the parliament of his mind there was no competent upper house of reason to review the decision of the lower house of passion and prejudice. The question whether the removal of an elector (qualified by household suffrage) from one house to another, with- in one electoral district, and within six months from the period of registration deprives him of the franchise, has been decided in the Melbourne Court of Revision against the voter. Messrs. Sturt, O'Shanassy, and Co. have laid it down, that according to law removal from number one to number two, in the same street, deprives a man of his political privileges. The claim of Mr. Edmund Alcock was the one respecting which this ruling was given, and the letter of Mr. Edmund Alcock, published in another column, expresses very temperately what he not unnaturally, thinks of the matter. One would have thought that before giving a decision on a nice point of legal interpretation-and one on which the franchise of some thousands of our fellow colonists possibly depends-Messrs. Sturt and Co. would have had the grace to fortify themselves with the opinion of the law officers of the Crown. Yet nothing seems to have been farther from their thoughts. The case of Mr. Alcock, it seems dimly, though suddenly, to have occurred to the magisterial mind, might possibly affect more votes than one, and the Bench accordingly honored it by taking it into consideration for a few moments. But there was no hint given that Mr. Sturt Lad consulted any higher legal authority than his own, and it is probable that he would have regarded no other with equal respect and admiration. The magistrates apparently gave their decision, nothing doubting, " on their own hook, Now, though we claim to possess no great amount of technical legal knowledge, we are certainly not disposed on any legal question to bow down in reverential submission to either Mr. Sturt or to any one of the magistrates who aided him in arriving at his decision, or endeavored to look wise whilst he pronounced it. As far as Mr. O'Shanassy is concerned, indeed, we feel surprised at the course he adopted, but we are constantly becoming more and more aware of the operation of " wheels within wheels " in that gentleman's political machinery, and less confident in predicting what eccentric turn they may induce him to take. We are satisfied that he, like the rest of his brother magistrates, was wrong-wrong as to law-wrong as to justice wrong as to public policy. As to the mere legal question we content ourselves with re-stating, with extreme brevity, what we have stated before respecting the following words of the Constitution Act, the words in accordance with which, we presume, Mr. Sturt supposes himself to have decided : Provided that no person shall be entitled to be registered as an elector upon the electoral roll of any electoral district unless he shall have been seized or possessed of, or occupied, used, enjoyed, hold, or been in receipt of the qualification in respect thereof he shall claim to be registered for the period of six calendar months at least previous to such registration. Now, it is expressly stated that the qualification of an elector to the lower house is " Having been for six months a householder, occupying a house, warehouse, counting-house, shop, or other building, or ¡ premises, within the electoral district," but a man who continues uninterruptedly to he " a householder, occupying," so.', re. i mains possessed of " the qualification" I specified though he move every day. That this is the meaning of the act is recognised in respect to another kind of electoral qualification, with reference to which, in a circular letter to the collectors, Mr. Haines thus bridges the words of the act: i " Being resident within the electoral district, and having had for six months previous I a salary at the rate of £100 per annum, and continuing to be in receipt thereof." ' Here " a salary" constitutes the qualifica- tion as much as elsewhere a house does. But it is a refinement upon Mr. Sturt's yesterday's ruling which he has yet to make to affirm that a clerk at a hundred a year in the counting-house of Brown, Jones and P Robinson becomes disfranchised by being promoted to be accountant to those eminent merchants at a salary of three or four hundred pounds. He continues to enjoy a salary of the required amount, as Mr. Alcock continued to occupy a house of the required annual value. The two cases are parallel. To be characteristic and consistent Mr. Sturt should disfranchise accountant as well as householder-to be just and rational he should disfranchise neither. Apart from the mere question of law, the impropriety of the decision yesterday given displays itself in other lights. It needs no ghost to rise from the grave to point out that a man's removal from one house to another in the same street, or district, cannot, however remotely, affect his real capacity for exercising the franchise ; nor need it be urged in this place, and at this time, that it is desirable to extend the franchise to all who will not abuse it. But there is a species of " small law wits " possessing that amateur's love for legal technicalities that is most gratified when they can twist a clause so as to produce a public evil sufficiently conspicuous to attract attention to their own judicial consequence. To such minds it must have seemed a good morning's work to have disfranchised a few thousand men, whose real fitness to be electors has not for a moment been im- pugned. ^_^____^_^_Ê__m 