ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. 0HEISTMA3 CHARITIES. The present holy season is peculiarly adapted to an appeal, which wb have long contemplated maldngi in behalf of the several benevolent and philanthropic institutions in the city. That these institutions do an immense amount of good, is universally admitted j but that their limited means prevent them from doing as muoh good as we de sire, is an equally undoubted truth. 'We need not fill our columns with statistics to establish the as sertion just made. There is one class of institu tions m Sydney, in whose behalf wo earnestly make appeal — namelv. ' Houhbr nf TTnmJo dj,,m » . ,...-, There are two establishments of this class, one (House of the Good Shepherd) relying chiefly on the obarity of. Catholics; the other (Sydney Female Refuge) on that of Protestants. No man —possessed of eren a small portion of the true Christian spirit, who possesso* the means— can re fuse toaid these homes of his fallen sisters. Let us not forget our humanity — let us not do violence to the purest and holiest inBtincts of our nature, or ignore the universally admitted precepts of Religion. Whoever knows Sydney, knows well that there are many unwilling slaves to vice among the unfortunate who flit ghost-liko through the streets at mgnt. These creatures aro only half dead— they may yet be saved from the dark grave that is yawning before them. This subject brings some awful but suggestive thoughts of . . ' Hans Christian Andeesen to our mind, which, ??'?'?'? we are sure, the reader will thank us for repro ducing. 'We no longer,' he says, 'believo in' ghosts j we believo no longer that the dead in their white garments appear to the living at tho hour of midnight. * * * Ah ! we see them yet in the ?:.?-; great cities. By moonlight, when tho cold north v- wind passes over the snow, and we wrap ourselves v closer in our cloaks, we see white garmented fe male beings in light summer dresses, beckoning, float past us. The poisonous atmosphere of the ??:.-. grave breathes from those figures ; truBt not the roses on their cheeks, for the death's-head is , painted j their smiles are tho smiles of despair or of intoxication. They are dead, more horribly ? dead than our deceased ones. The soul is interred — the bodies go like evil spirits hither and thither, seeking for human blood like the vampire, that they may nourish themselves thereby. They, therefore, hang round upon iho poorest man, upon the coarsest churl, on those from whom women draw . . back. They are horrible, unhappy ghosts, which . do not sink into their graves with the morning twilight. No; for then they are followed home by the dreams of despair, which sit like nightmares on their breast, and tell them of the scorn of men, of a better life hero on earth — and tears stream down their painted cheeks. To chase away their dreams they live upon the cup— tho poisoned stamp of doath stands tho noxt night whoa thoy go forth, , ... yet more deeply impressed upon their countenances. * Save me, I am only half- dead ! These are mo ments in which I still feel that I have yet a soul living within me P is oftentimes the cry of such an unhappy being ; but every one flies away horrified who hears the voice out of the grave, and she, the half dead one, has no longer strength to throw from her tho coffin-lid of her circumstances and ,r the heavy earth of sin.' We cannot conceal the pleasure the very act of making a MS. copy of this ;; passage has given us. We hope it will make a stronger appeal to the hearts of men, than any words of ours. Surely, surely, there are those amongst us who will help to snatch tho half- dead one from the darksome grave into which she is sinking ! Such acts of charity and benevolence form the beautiful foliage of tho moral Christmas tree. Some extraordinary change has come over the spirit of our old friend ' Fotean'b' dream. What a strange contrast he makes in tho following stanzas : — A POET'S IDEAL AND REAL. ' 6-nothi seauton.' — Soion. Up, Poet Soul ! Be off to heaven ; For to thee is empire given I Rovol in tho rapturous vision, Flashing — glowing — all elysian ! Borne aloft on fancy's wings j Borne above all earthly things-; Bathing in tho rosy lakes, Which tho vesper sunlight mates:; Free from chaine, and locks, and bars, Springing to the kindling stars ; , Poopling space with mystic power, Living ages in an hour ; Bidding diamond mansions rise, Each thy palace in the skies ; ? ' . . Clad in robes of lambent light, Higher, higor, taking flight ; Join thee to tho immortal band, Tho Spirits of the glory land ! ? * # * ? Hah ! silly dreamer, simple fool, Imagination's wretched tool ! Your siok wife's sob destroys tho spoil— For weeks, you know she's been unwell. Thy children's noise is fearful, too 5 Thoy want some suppor— so do you. Poet, how happy is thy lot, Tho wind sings through thy chinJcey cot — In truth a sad iEolian lyre ! The night is cold and you've no fire t Ay, fling theo on thy wretoliod bod, And try to rest thy weary head. Poor dreamer, e'en in sleep you moan ! '? ! '- Where havo thy stars and glories gone ? 4 Where is thy nectar — whero ib lovo ? ? ' Say art thou now in spheres aboro t In glory land say dost thou reign P ; No, thou art wiso ? till fancy works again 1 FOYRAN. -?'!i ''?' Glen of Galway, near Yass, Dccombor, 20th, 1856. 'Mart of GaiiWax' wishes for a copy of ' Alonzo tho Bravo and tho Fair Iraogono.' Will ?ome gallant reader have tho kindness to send «? ? ' us a copy for that fair lady P ' O'Dwtbe.' — Put your sentiments into verse of a different metre, and wo shall be happy to imert them at a new year's gift to ' Maby.' 