ST. PAUL'S COLLEGE. AT noon yesterday, being the anniversary of the Conversion of St. Paul, a very large number of ladies and gentlemen assembled at Grose Farm to witness the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of St. Paul's College, by his Excellency the Governor- General. The land on which the building is to be erected is a portion of Grose Farm, and was granted by the Senate of the University of Sydney for that purpose. The site iis elevated, and a short dis- tance from tho University buildings, in a south-easterly direction. At twelve o'clock his Excellency was received at the entrance to Grose Farm by the officials and a large number of gentlemen, who proceeded in the following order to a spacious tent erected near the site of the College, the band of the XIth Regiment playing a march. Beadle Senior Fellows Registrar Principal and Professors Students of the University Senate Clergy Mace Junior Fellows Provost Warden Governor The Senior Fellows present were the Rev. Canon Allwood, B.A., the Rev. Canon Walsh, M.A., the Rev. W. B. Clarke. M.A., Sir Alfred Stephen, Mr. J. Macarthur, M.L.C., and Mr. R. Johnson. The Junior Fellows being the Rev. G. King, Dr. Mitchell, M.L.C., Captain Dumaresq, M.L.C., the Rev. A. H. Stephen, and Messrs. D. Cooper, C. Kemp, and C. Nathan. The Bishop of Sydney (Dr. Barker), and the Archdeacon (Dr. Cowper) were present. We also observed a large number of Epis- copalian ministers among whom were the Rev. J. Pendrill, Rev. C. C. Kemp, the Rev. G. F. Macarthur, the Rev. Dr. Steele, the Rev. Mr. Wilson, the Rev. Mr. Richardson, and the Rev. Mr. Gurney. There were also on the ground the Rev. J. Woolley, D.C.L., Principal of the Sydney University ; Mr. J. H. Plunkett, Attorney-General; Sir Charles Nicholson, Provost of the Uni- versity; Mr. S. A. Donaldson, M.L.C. ; Mr. E. Deas Thomson, Colonial Secretary; Mr. C. D. Riddell, Colonial Treasurer ; and a number of the leading families of the city. The procession havlug urnved at tho ,1'c of the college, his Ex cclloucy took up his posiUon lu front of tho fouodatlon-stonc, tee Bishop of Sydney, tho Waldon, and Fellows of tho Senate standing on eitnor eldo. Tho B shop of Sydney thon ongigcd In prayer, at the close of which, tho Warden presentid tho trowel to his Excellency-it was ol miii'ive silver, onusto lu workmanship, and clegaui lu ocstgn ; surmounted by his fcxcollesoy's oreti und motto, and bearing tho tullo« Ing inscription : '. l'reaen.cti to sir William Thomas Denison, Knight, Governor General of her Majesty's Australian Colonies, und Governor-in* Chief of New Soutn Wales, ou tho occasion of his Lxocllcnoy laying iha foanantion stone of St. Paul's College, within thd Uat« vcrslty of Syaney, on tbo 25th duv of January, A.D. 1856." TliuGo\MiNCR.lii,M.nu., buving instructed the menât the winch to " lowor away," laid the stono in tho usual manner, and spoke as follows: " I lay this as the foundation-stone of a collcro, within the Ualvereity ol Sydney, to bd called st. Paul's College, mr ino pro- motion ol »HUnd Icarulng una religious training, occordiug to the doctrino and disciplino of the United Cbuich of Unglaod and Ireland, in tho Hame of tbo Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Uis txoollcnoy then said : Having finished tho work of the day, ho might bo allowed to say a lew word» to thute around him. (fleur, hear.) Ile had luid the foundation-stone, und ho trusted lu God that ho might ha ulloweci to etc the day when tho coping-stone would be placed ou the top of me building, anti uleo that he might live to tie it filled to ovciflowing with ino youth of this oolony, who would rush to it to taKo advantage of tho benefits euc1! Institutions were calculated to alford, (lioar, hear.) lie had said that tho College waa instituted for ?. ino promo.ion of sound learLing and rollitious training." Those who carno to it thorefo o would be in a position ta take advantages of tho numerous openings which would b, afforded ta them within its walls for toe study uf those sciCDces for the application of which there Is such an extended field In this colony. (Hear, hoar.) lhere was here . wide open- ing for the pmatioil application of that learning the basis of walch thuy would obtain in tho Collogo of St. Paul. ( Hear, hear.) Kui it must be reoollcc ed that cha ability ot tho students to bene- fit by that instruction, und the use they might mukc of the educ- tion they would gain la the collcgo would bo as nothing-in fact, it would do tnem narin ratner tuan good hereafter-If tbey clu not take It as God's gift and with the intention of devoting it to Ills service. (Hear, hear) 'ino institution, iho first stono of which he hod n..w laid, wus ou lng parti) to tho liberality of indi- viduals, and partly to tho judicious munificence cf the Legislature ; and wo must look for its support und extension to th» wise fore tnou¿ht ol ihoac who would, uovoto a puttie n of their means to the endowment uf an Institution in which their children and their obi le! re D'S children might obtain in the colony a uiclul, sound education, and at the same time on advantageous one. (Hoax, hear.) To lue wanto! InsUtutton» ruch as this, uni kindred insiituuons- oneofwhicaho saw ilslng in the nelfth bjurbood (the Syduey University),-to ihe worn of suoh insti u llons, Including grammar schools, &c;, we owed much of the evil wnicu had in many instances beset this colony. (Hear, heir ) Iii hcrio parents had had LO ultimative bul lo »end their chit- uma to another country to completo their education, cr to give them an insufficient training, »ucb only a» could he imparted to them in iholr own homes, lhere wero great evil» attached to cacti of these mothoda. In reference to the first-sending chil- dren to another country to be couoatcd-his Excellency observed tb.t by such a course p-erents lost all check or control over their children , thoy CjUld not watch the development of tbeir minds, tho progress of meir ecuoatlou, the formation of their habit* and, above all, they could col foster the growth of those morul fo-Ungs on which ihe prosperity and future happiness of their offspring depended. (Hear, hoar.) riy sending children away from home, loo, their parent« could hsvo no influence la tho development of thoso d.mcsuc affections on which morality and religion wero principally based. Thoa wltb regard to education al home, his Kxaellonoy remarked, that by such acourse of training a yonth would lose thal " ruboieg oir of the edges," ro to speak, winch was We rcult of an cduoaiiou in a pubdo school. Ho would luvo a tendency to look Ui individual, and his hopes and thought* »ould most probably cintre In hlmscf alune. Ile hardly knew which course was tho worst of too two. Ils himself had been ob lged from the want of such institutions as thoso now in course oí crcc.icn In this colony, to lend his children,lo England to ne educated, but he would not have done so hau tin not been able to send them to friends and relations with whom they would live, and by whom thiy would bo cared for-«ho would lovo them and develop« their do- mestic »flections. (Hear, hear.) Bul he should not have Mut them at all, had tncie beoa any tuch woll.estubilsh«d educational insu ution as he hoped w see in this colony very shortly-ned lhere been a sohool of Wtll-eelubltehcd oharactcr to which he might have entrusted the training ef his children. (Cheers.) By iaying that foundation stone, ino second important step bau bein tukui-the first movement was made when the University was bcrfun, though perhaps it was something like build- ing the coping belora the foundation waa laid , at nil events the second important step had naw been tauen. Iho ih rd had yat to be taken. (Hear, her.) It was, however, In contemplation-soiuo progress Lai been majo, lie alluded io the formation of a Grammai behool. (Hour, hear) When all these steps were taken, be trusted thal he should won see not »nly a col- lege, but college»; not only a grammar school but grammar schools, throughout tho entire colony. (Hear, bear.) When i uch institutions wero established aad brought into actlv e operation ; when those educated in the o-liege a and uni- versities became interested in the progress of the grammar schools ; when lhere maoula be a chain of ie»p-nslbility from tho botum io the top. a belter state or things would be brought about, duoalioa would bo dlssamUa ed, lhere would be a prospeot for the youth of tho colony to devote themselves to the promotion of ii» best interest». (Cacera.) He should sincerely rejoice to hear or such a day, and no effort on his part would be w.nling to secure it« early dawn. (Cheers.) Be waa euro they icijht trust ihe logls laluro that bad mown such judgment and discretion, to assist in carrying out the scheme, (¡fear, hear, and cheers.) ToeBrsiior of SYDS«., advanced and addrcetd ma Excellency in the name of ali the friends interested in the success or 8t_ Paul's Collei«. He begged to teener their united, «notre, and cordial thanks to tbc Governor-General for the important service he had rendered, and alto for the kiodoe«» and cordiality with which lha service had been performed. ThiycouM not indeed have expected leas from une who had ever distinguished himself by the willingness, the activity, and the euc gy with wh oh he tuppor.ed every good design, as well as by the sincerity or hi» attachment to that church ef which he waa a fa Ihful and devoted memoer. (Hear, haar ) He felt sure that his tsxwlieney would mver have occasion to regret, aud ho traste i that he would live to bave many occasions of oongraanlaiicg himself on the part be had token in the proceedings of this day. (Hear, hear.) It was a day Indeed greatly to be remembered ia the ra s.ory ot education In this country. (Hear, hear.) Amore important work It waa not posilblo to conctiv , for it waa nothing less than laying the foundation of tha social order, the p osperity, and tru i well- being of ibis country, upon which »o muohdep naed, or if not, laying the fouadatUns, at least " extending" them. If wo lesiied the prevaleces of Intelligence-the love or law and order-or in aus.rr and sobriety-of honesty, and all the element» which con- stitute a nation'* greatness, ws mun seek for teem from thit morality which hu its true amrcc-Ita only source-In the knowledge or tho lova of God. (Hear, hear) A nation might, Indeed, oe wealthy,-it might, indee!, b« mighty,-it might in this sense be great, but it could never be permanently wise, nappy, and prosperous In the sight or God, unless it» Institutions were rounded upon that Caristlanlty whioh was fro a God ; and unless its young men were trained lu thst seurco of all true wis- dom, the knowledge of the Word of God. (Sear, hear.) It was, therefore, to be bailed as a happy oman, that ou tho eve of the celebration of the foundation t f this colony, the foundation stone of the college of 8u Faul should havabecn laid (a collegs in which the youth or this colony would, In great numbers, he trusted, bo henceforth trained), and that too upon St. Paul'« Day. Un this day tnoy commenced the establishment of an institution which wa» to bear the name of St. Paul, and in whlcn were to be perpetuated the doctrines and the godliness taught by that Apostle, and alao by his master-Jesus. (Hear, hear.) Ho did therefore hail the omen as a happy one, and he trusted that the future history of this oolony would be in accord- ance with the proceeding» of this day, and ihat the Urne might be lar distant when the big test authorities-alvll, legal, and eoc'e siastical (and he might also add, military)-should bo disassociated from the doctrines of that great Apostle, and from an interest in the collegs which would bear his (tit. Paul's) name. (Hear, bear.) There was great reason to congratulate the promoters of this institution upon the »ucoesi which had attended their labours in obtaining the fund» necessary for Ibc erection of the building, and he begged leave to congra- tulate the Chief Justice of the caloay, Sir Alfred Stephen, on the enecess which had crowned hi» abundant and »elf-denying labour« in the cause. Addressing the Venerable Archdeacon Cowper, the Bishop said he begged to congratu'ate his most venerable and ex- cellent brother In the work or the Lord. He (the Venerable Arch- deacon) had been hound np with the history of the colony : his name would ever be associated with ita earliest history. (Hear, hear.) He weuld be held in honour and reverencod when his immediate descendant» should have ceased to be. (Cheers ) He congratulated bim noon the site of the present building. A» he had witnessed so many changes In the colony, aud was présent at the laying of the foundation »tone of St. Pad'» College, he hoped he would live to see it prosper-that he would ever be reverenced for his integrity, simplicity of character, and godlices« of life. (Hear, hear.) He hoped the Almighty would continue Hi» blessing nn the labour» of the fr'ends in the cause, and that it would plea» Him in His goodness to send a warden who, i'l the language of the prayer which hod been airead y offered up, 6bould rule the college " in the fesr and love of God"-one who, himself taught In the school of iho apostle, might be au examplo "in word, in conversation, In charity, in spirit, In faith, in purity." It wa» »aid by a divine of Holland, lu the last cen- tury, that tho recollection of h>a preceptor always placed him in tbc presence of hi i God-that it waa nat possible for him to dis- associate the idea of his heavenly Master from the reoollcc Ion of his earthly preceptor. He hoped it might be toe bapplnes» of this college to receive within its wall» a warden who would be an honour to that name by which the Institution was hesceforth to be called, and If tuoh was the case I o trusted lhere would continue to be the greatest poaeib'e cordiality and unity of action. Affiliated college» doubtless were neceosary by reason of the unhappy divisions which prevail among us ; but »till, 11 might be said that there was one broad »ure ground upen which religious instruction might b3 imparted to the youth of this com- munity. If such was the case, and If tho Instruction to be given in this college was based upon the Word of God-H it sprung from and was assimilated and pervaded by th« spirit of those (¿rlnciples which were derived from ihe Word of Und, he knew of no bett-r thing which any parent oouid dodre for his son thin that he should receive the education, and, if he oouid, carry away all the rewards whioh St. Paul's College could afford him. (U.ir, hear.) In conclusion, he oeggod leavo again to congratulate his Excelleecy on the part be bad taken in the i ro ceeding» of the day, and to add the exprcs-ion of his own sincere thanks, with the hope that his Excellency's future course might be so ordered that he might see the desire» of bia heart abundantly gratified in witnessing the moral and religions. d vaneement of th« colony. (Cheers.) The asvrn^o«^Ewraxt.»3presscdhi» thanks for the favourable I icDUBtot» walch had laUtBAwtas Bishop of Sydney, but he oonfeased tbut he did not oonaldor ho bud any elalra to an expres- sion of thauka for merely peifiiroaicg that which he oonsldorcd to bo his duty. Hid he not been pro cat to-day, ho shoulo not have felt that ho had dlaohargcd hi» duty. (Cheers ) He conceived that morality and good principles depended upon such Institutions, and that ho should have bec» m ist ncgico.ful had ho not done everything In titi power In tho eatabllahtnent of suob. a building as tho College of St. l'aul. (Cheats ) The proceedings wore conclu l.d by tho Bisuir pronouncing the bcncdlotion. Having adjourned to tho adjoining tent, Sir Alfred Stephen solicited the honour of tho atten.ioa of tha atsombly. TUoCmrr Jusuci said hu tatt g'ut thu cjurso ho was taking won d cot DO osustdcrcd Inappropriate. The indica and gontlemon present had aestrabled to m leDritu the laying of thi foundation stouo of dt. Paul's Collego, bul porlmps It hid not been sufficiently remembered that It waa tho foundation mono of an institution 1_ connection with tho ireat and nob!» institution-the Univetolty of Sydacy. (Bear, hoar.) And ho rcaptctfully proposed, not merely that ntl promut should vltit tho nublo building to which he hod a'luded, and now in eour«e of erection-tbe University itself,_ but that three hearty cheers should bo given to denote their wishes for the prosperity cf tbai lnati'utiou-ofthe college, as forming part of It-and of oxpreaning their tuants to all who had been eoncorncd in the design, promotion, und ando «ment of both these noblo seminaries of learning. His Hovjn gave the Um«, uni the assembly gavo three beany cheer«. The Cimr TLSTICU then said (hero waa ODO moro topic upon whioh bevdahed to say afow word'. St Paul's College waa es tab iahed for the promotion of rell"lon and sound learning-(ss subordinate to religion) ; but one of tho dootrlnes to be tsught in it waa loyalty to thu QuocD. His Ilunur thoa proposed three heirty choors for her Majesty, Tho proposition was responded to with tho usual enthualism. His Hoton then proposid three oticora for his Excellency, who had that day honoured the assembly by his attendance, and who had clacharged his duty w.lh so much heartiness, und so well. Ho would not, however, attempt to malte a speeoh of duration, alter tho eloquence tbe assembly had heard from his Excellenoy, and bis lurdahlp the Bishop ; and it would ill become him on ruoh an tcosioa to speak of the olffl cultiea which the early projeotora of this inatllutlon had from. t.mc to timo to encouator ; a much moro grateful task was to thank those who had been supporters of the cause. Many of them had bean most liberal contributors to lbs funda, some of ihr- munificent d nora. But for tbe eubeuipttans le would have been Injudicious to hive udveed the uulcrtaking. It would have been impossible to euppuao that the legislature could be called on to extend their liberal aupporU Their thanks (he sooko as one of a body of six fellow«, in whom under the Warden would be vested tho government of tho College) were therefore duo to thoso friend* ; but the members of the Legislative Council must also be remembered-ejpcoially those who conceived and carrie 1 out the doslgn of addiug a must liberal endowment to the euoeorlpllont, rained by privato llburality. (Cheers ) But for tho combined offoris both of ind.viduuls und the legislature, it Was in \uln to suppoeo that the project oould be brought to a successful termination. (Hear, heir.) He oxpreeecd his hopo and oLlidence that ere long the n.olo building would bo completed, and filien with students. He thought there wouU bo so many that they might bo looked on as tho progeoitors of thosa by whom this grout country is to bo governed, and by e/hom an example would bo set to all lu inhabitants. He did njt wish to intrudo on political topics, but ho might be permitted to say that wo were sow caterlu»; upon self-government actually and really, and every man in tno oommunity must mako up his mind whether he loten tut to bu governed or to seek to laio a share in the government ; nail r. would be tho duty of those who were governed to see tittil thone abovo them were en- dowed with e pac ty for government,that they po ing, and thoso accimpllsbmenlawhich alone oculd make governors rcspccabiu and respected. (Comm) fbo consideration was an important one. Hu thought, however, ho had trespassed toolong, »na concluded by proposing throj oh-ors for tho Governor General, whicn waa heartily rctponded to, Tac GovKii.Non-Gi.NtiiAi, proposed ¡luco ohoers for tbe Provost, Sir Charles Nicholson, which were given with enthusiasm by the assembly, after wh eh Sir CHARL» NICHOLSON acknowledged the compliment, and proposed tbrcc obrer» for Lady Denison. Throe hearty cheers, and ono cheer mare, having boen given, A procession was formed, beaded by his Excellency, end most of tho ladles and gentlemen proceeded to »it» the University of Brtlncy, where they were rtcelved by Mr. E. T. Blieset, the stchi uct, (Bowral were dotcrred by a pawlog snower), and alter admiring tbo beauty of Its design aud the superior and artistic manner In whlci it is being carried into execution, the Govirnor Gcncral proceeded to his carriage ; and l\u assembly dispersed. 