COUNTRY COMMENTS ON PASSING EVENTS. BY PETER 'POSSUM. Groggee Groggee, March 24th,1856. I DROPT the Herald, as I once saw the chimpanzee in the Bristol Zoological drop a red-hot roasted chestnut, when I first read the tidings of Mr. Plunkett's defeat. Such a denouement to the election drama seemed in- credible. I had made a heavy "book" on the event, backing the favourite against the field. I have, how- over, good hopes of yet winning my bets. It must be gratifying to the Sydney people to learn that their contest excited so much interest in Hades, but dead men's votes are a very shadowy support. Ghosts dread daylight, as the "Bunch" will find when the Parliamentary committee of inquiry meets. A writer in a recent number of the Nelson Examiner says that colonists should "act on the principles of odd fellowship." Certain of our politicians seem to have followed his counsel, and exhibit themselves to an admiring--at all events, an amused--public, as very odd fellows, indeed. The Fitz Roy Hotel at Windsor appears to have been turned into an Eagle Saloon, at which the broadest of farces are produced; Mr. William Bowman doing the "heavy fathers," whilst Mr. Redman is engaged as low comedian. But the drollest thing in the way of candidate-facetious- ness I observed the other day at Maitland. Drawn thither, in company with scores of others, from the bush by the hope (doomed, alas! to be disappointed) of hear- ing the archiepiscope of Southern singers; I was walking along the street, when my steps were arrested by a crowd congregated before a shop, within which a musical-box was playing. Two customers inside were also listening to its strains: a New England squatter, and a would-be New England representative \--of the medical profession, whose dress is as eccentric as his address. Suddenly the box commenced the "Lancers." The temptation proved too strong for the up country gentlemen--evidently of great terpsichorean susceptibility. Turning the quadrille into a pas de deux, enlivened with sundry Hibernian snappings of the fingers, by way of castanet accompaniment, off they started, to the huge gratification of the mob without. The Doctor, sporting a pea-green Newmarket, purple tie, flaming red vest, white cords, and hessians, with terrific tassels, was a "vision of wonder," and, to the outside gazers, of undisguised "delight;" looking, in- deed, not unlike a gigantic king parrot, of cheerful disposition, recently escaped from ornithological Tar- ban. The dancers having finished the figure, or ex- hausted their breath, bowed gravely to each other, and then rushed simultaneously from the store; the medi- cus exclaiming (most needlessly) to the applauding throng--"Hurrah, hurrah, you dogs! New England for ever!" If names are of good omen, his candi- dature ought to blossom in success; for, surely, an Alexander should never know defeat. After the parvanimous petnesses of electioneering squabbles, Gavan Duffy's catholic, broad-hearted, and broad-sighted address at the Prince of Wales banquet, is refreshing as the first gulp of morning air to one who has just emerged from the mephitic atmos- phere of a sick room. Had we such men to make it of the Australian nation would soon be made--a nation proud of its present, and with a faith in a brilliant future so energetic and unwavering as to fulfil its own bright prophecy with unanticipited swiftness. But have we? Much, both mentally and morally, will have to be learned, and perhaps more unlearned, ere Australians become worthy of Australia's destiny. "Colonial experience" must cease to mean what it signifies at present--a dirtily- acquired power of guard- ing meum, coupled with infinitessimal concern for tuum, or peradventure supplement meum with ill- gotten tuum slices, before anything like patriotism can flourish on our shores. If not in crowded compression, yet in covetuous propensity, antipodal society too nearly resembles Carlyle's "Egyptian pitcher of tamed vipers, each struggling to get its head above the others." The "greasy cit" must be changed to the generous citizen; and the upstart usurper, Mammon, hurled from the throne, and taught to know his proper place as slave, before the reign of nationality can begin. Above all, intercolonial jealousy, paltry as village rivalries, must die. "Tapster Thomas's" last manifestation in this line tops all preceding outbursts. We had long given our Port Phillip neighbours credit for sufficiently republican tendencies; but to make sove- reigns contraband articles out-Melbourne's Melbourne. However, we will hope that the "good time" must come at last, and patiently "wait a little longer." We are fortunate in possessing such an apostle as Mr. Duffy. If he continue true to his evangel of charity and action, and, waterfall-like, fashion his own chan- nel, trusting in personal, instead of pecuniary "quali- fications," he will not only win prosperity and power for himself, but attain the far higher honour of purg- ing a young people of its dross, and proudly proffering it to receive the wide world's "hall-mark" of national nobility. I so greatly admired the Irish patriot's speech that I was vexed to observe in it one passage that struck me as exhibiting a sad lack of gentlemanly feeling and good taste. I allude to his reference to the despatch from Sir William Molesworth to the late Governor of Victoria; when it arrived, both dead. The absurdity of the thing might have been shown in a manner kinder and less coarse. It sets one's moral and æsthetic teeth on edge to see a witty period pointed with corruption:--"cheers and laughter" elicited by making the fact of a man's being "food for the worms" facetious! Such jests should be left to the grave-diggers in Hamlet. Fearless of the consequences of Mr. T. E. Lance's wrath, that mysterious "I don't know what," the "fell purpose" not to be shaken by "compunc- tious visitings of nature," with which he threatens all and any who may presume, without due regard for his dignity, to differ from him; I take the liberty of calling the theory on which he founds his "solution of the land question" something very much like nonsense. If the Crown has no property in waste lands as against its subjects, how can it assert any against foreign powers? What is to prevent a French brig-of-war from New Caledonia, or an American whaler from New Bedford, from landing its crew in some northern bay and taking possession of the contiguous unoccu- pied portion of New Holland? The naiveté with which Mr. Lance expresses his belief that were the present tenants of the Crown polled on the ques- tion of occupation constituting ownership, "their assent would probably be nearly unanimous," is most amusing. Of its entire unanimity I have not the slightest doubt. I have the misfortune to owe more than is convenient, and pay yearly a certain per- centage on my debts: most willingly would I release myself from my liabilities by the very summary pro- cess of ceasing to pay said interest. In times when there is, if not exactly, according to Solomon and Emerson's "languid Oxford gentleman," nothing new, still very little novelty to chronicle and comment on, newspaper scribes are powerfully urged to say the thing that is not, or to profess to see farther into a mill-stone than their less gifted neighbours. Often, in by-gone paste time, when I wielded sub- editorial scissors, do I remember having originated and terminated the existence of luckless individuals, with no other midwife or destructive weapon than my gray goose quill. Tempted by the devil--sent by the overseer with clamorous demand for "copy," I have rushed to American back woods, and there, with phantasmal bowie-knife and revolver, perpetrated some "Bloody Murder." Then fathering the "par." on mythical Missouri Mammoth, or Kentucky Screamer, I would emit it for the horrified perusal of a too-con- fiding public. Assassination was my refuge for edito- rial destitution. The ingenious writer of "Notes and Queries," in the London Spectator, finding a difficulty, from lack of straw, in completing his weekly tale of bricks, falls back on climatico-dietetico-æsthetico- vocational metaphysics; and thus vaguely vaticinates on vine-growing in Australia:-- "The growth of the vine, however, would cultivate in Australia something besides a pleasant and picturesque drink for the table. The land of the dreary eucalyptus would, at least for a season, be clothed with some of the loveliest foliage under the sun; and upon the arid soil of Australia, even upon the chain of pools that its rivers present in the summer, would be exhibited the same miracle which we see in the south of Europe--the juicy grape growing upon a parched soil. Fancy the change of character that must come over the English stock, habitually living in such scenes, under such a sun, with such diet! It will be an experiment some- what such as the world might have witnessed if the Saxon had been planted in Italy." The Saxon not having been planted in Italy, I can- not tell what effect its scenery and climate might have had upon him: perhaps, he would have taken to wearing knee-breeches and steeple-crowned hats. Any amount of vine-growing, however, would not, I fancy, influence the Anglo-Australian to abjure the traditional cabbage-tree and moleskins. As to the "pleasant and picturesque drink," should the trans- planted "English stock" get into the habit (as our fanciful philosopher would seem to prophesy) of making it their exclusive "diet," my impression is that the transplanted English stock would get pretty considerably drunk. Taken in moderation, in the place of the turpentine and vitriol, and other corrosive nastinesses, that, under various mendacious nomen- clatures, form our present beverages, it would be the salvation of the health and happiness of hundreds. Good wine may need no bush: but the bush sadly needs good wine. The Osiris who first makes vin ordinaire in Australia, will well deserve our worship; at least, such worship as we give in these un-"altar building days." THE CITY COMMISSIONERS' COURT.--There were several cases disposed of yesterday at this Court, which may be of interest to a certain portion of the public, especially to cab and omnibus drivers. George Pugs- ley, the driver of an omnibus, was convicted of strik- ing the conductor of a rival omnibus running to Pad- dington, named the Alpha, and was fined 10s. with 5s. costs. The quarrel originated in a dispute as to the proper time of starting. Three other drivers of omni- buses plying to Newtown were brought up at the instance of James Richards, proprietor of an omnibus running on the same line, charged with neglecting to have the names painted on the vehicles. They were all convicted, and sentenced to pay a fine of 10s. each, with 5s. costs. There were five cases of omnibus drivers not observing the stipulated time in starting from the stands ; each of the delinquents were fined 10s , with 5s. costs. Richard Douglass, the manager of the railway omuibuses, was charged by a cabman named Bosworth, with having hired his car- riage for the purpose of conveying one of the railway people to the Infirmary, and refusing to pay the legal fare. The charge was not fully sustained by the evi- dence, and the Commissioners accordingly declined to adjudicate. Dominec Connolly was fined 10s., and 5s. costs, for demanding the sum of 10s., as the fare for conveying a person from M'Leay's-lane to the Rail- way Terminus, a distance of not more than a mile, for which the legal fare is something like 1s. 6d. James Needham, the driver of No. 23 omnibus, was fined in a like sum for having the word "Newtown" painted on his vehicle, and refusing to convey Mr. Lewis Samuel to that locality. The defendant considered that he had performed his engagement when he had carried Mr. Samuel to the other end of Parramatta- street, whilst the latter maintained that the engage- ment could not be completed it until he was taken to Newtown. PUBLIC WHARF AT PYRMONT.--We believe there is some likelihood of this important desideratum being immediately supplied. The plans, we understand, were completed yesterday, and it now only remains for the Commissioners to carry them into effect. A con- siderable proportion of the expense necessary to exe- cute the work has already been subscribed by the in- habitants, and considering that Pyrmont, during the last few years has derived little or no benefit from the taxes contributed by it, we think the authorities cannot, with any show of grace, decline to furnish whatever balance of money may be necessary to carry out the work. At present the inhabitants of Pyrmont have not a single public wharf on which they can land oe ship goods; and as there now several import- ant manufactories in the locality, besides a steamer plying between it and King-street, on the Sydney side, the inconvenience is felt to be one of a very serious nature. THE attention of the trade is particularly directed to the sale at the stores of Messrs. How, Walker, and Co., this day, at 11 o'clock, by Chatto and Hughes.--ADV. PURKIS AND LAMBERT beg to call the attention of the trade to their extensive boot and shoe sale, this day, at 11 o'clock.--ADV. 