THÉ UNITED STATES^ {From the Special Correspondent of the Times.) WASHINGTON, August 10. The ordinary session of this the 31th Congress of the Republic terminated yesterday at noon. Having been assembled for eight months, both Houses were very willing to disperse. Some members had actually left, and to-morrow would have seen most of them OB the wing ; but a higher power intervened, and laid an ombargo on them. They had scarcely quitted the Capitol when a proclamation from the President con- vened them for an extra session,, to commence on' J.he 31st. In this session an important measure is-to* be reconsidered, the vote* of money for tho support of .the army ; it had been refused by the House of Repre- sentatives, and the attempts to effect on' understanding werp yesterday cut short by the arrival of tho hour of adjournment. This is of course a serious embarrass- ment to the Executive, and the official summons to an extra session was forcud from it by necessity. Rather unwillingly the members return immediately to their desks; the break-up has not been the prelude to a holiday. This sudden step on the part of the Govern ment, though quite constitutional, surprised the mem- bers, as if it had been a kind of coup ditat. Tho causes of this act of State necessity are, briefly, these :-The conflict between free labour and slavery in the territory of Kansas has required the interference of the Federal Executive ; its troops have, by order of the central authorities, suppressed the free Legislature there, or prevented.its assembling,, and otherwise uided the rival body of the pro-slavery settlers. To check this course of action on the part of the central powor, which would^nevitably make Kansas a slave State, the representatives of the North determined to " stop the supplies" till many grievances springing from this con fliet were romedied. To several money bills, or appro priations for the civil and judicial services, they added " riders," or amendments, defining the conditions on which the funds were granted-conditions, of course, favourable to the Free-soil interest. To the Appropria- tion Bill for the Army, involving many millions, they appended a similar clause. After much negotiation aud ninny conferences between House and Senate in the last few days, with somo concession on both sides, the amendments to the Civil Supply Bills were abandoned by the House ; but to that added to the Army Bill the members adhered firmly ; in the words of one honorable gentleman, they would not pay for " powder to shoot and halters to hang" the free immigrants from the northern States into that unhappy terri- tory. Through the long day and night session of the 10th the conferences went on, no agreement being possi- ble ; many other bills passed and money was voted I freely enough, but not the Army Estimates. The Senate struck out the conditional clause ; tho House rostered it, and tho bill went back with the futpl appen- dix to it, tho " black rider," as it is termed, sticking as closely as tho dark trouble behind the horseman of Horace. Could the conferences of Sunday have obtained peace nnd concord, it would have been a work befitting I the Sabbath ; but they did not. Tho a'ttempts of yes terday equally failed. At tho last moment, both in tho House and Senate, it was proposed to extend tho sitting till 3 o'clock, in the hope of coming to an understanding;, but, during the discussion in the house on this point, the clock striking noon put an end to nil debate, and both Chambers stood adjourned, the Executive twelve | millions short of its supplies, and tho power that could j alone vote them dispersing to nil the winds. So thc ; proclamation from the White House was suddenly I launched, and in the extra session now ensuing the dispute has, if possible, to be settled. The measure is a very unusual on, and only adopted on great emergencies -a fact which sufficiently proves how deep and strong are the conflicting passions the terrible nuestion of slavery lias infused into Federal politics. Though tho President, the Senate, and the Congress are nil elected powers, yet here is a collision similar in principle to those which have occurred where hereditary monarchs stretched their prerogative tío far, and provoked the resistance of the purse, the most- inconvenient form an Opposition can assume. The President alleges in his proclamation the peril the country is exposed to on various points of its immense territory from the Indians, with whom a fitful war is actually waging, and other dangers to the public peace, as the urgent reasons why the military force should not bo exposed to the risk of disorganization. Many_ years-a whole generation, I believe-have elapsed since thi3 power was exercised by the chief authority. The following is the official document : - " BY TUE PRESIDENT O.F THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, "A PROCLAMATION. " Whereas, while hostilities exist with various Indian tribes on the remote frontiers of the United States, and while in other respects the public peace is seriously threatened, Congress has adjourned without, granting necessary supplies for the army, depriving the Executive of the power to perform his duty in rela- tion to the common defence and security, and an extraordinary occasion has thus arisen for assembling the two Houses of Congress ; I do therefore, by this my proclamation, convene the said Houses ti meet nt the Capitol, in the city of Washington, on Thursday, the 21st day of August instant, hereby re- quiring tho respective senators and representatives then and there to assemble, to consult nnd determine on such measures as the state of tho Union may seem to require. " In testimony whereof I have caused the seal of the United States to be hereunto fixed, and signed the same with my hand. " Done at the city of Washington, the 18th day of August, in the year of our Lord 1850, and the inde j pendcnce of the United States the 81st. j "FRANKI.IN PIERCE. " By order, W. L. MARCY, Secretary of State." As this is one of the blank days between the two Sessions, nothing is to bo ascertained bot surmises and speculations; on the whole the probabilities are in favour of an understanding. There would have been less hurry and despatch of business in the night sitting that virtually emjed the session just expired had it been foreseen that the indefi- nite tenn of another was so near. And that would have been almost a pity, for there was a good deal of scenic interest in it. The face of legislation, accelerated for some time past, became a perfect rush, and the work of weeks was disposed of in minutes ; all the powers were highly condensed and in rapid action. If law were ad- ministered with a fiftieth of the speed with which it can be made, a chancery suit that lasted a week would be thought slow. I hope no mistakes happened; but should it be discovered that some bills were posted twice over to balance others not passed at all few of tbe spectators would be surprised. To the outsiders it looked very like confusion ; but perhaps it was more in appearance than reality. The committees and leaders have the threads in hand, and the Speaker, Mr. Bank.», was cool, watchful, and self-possessed, the model r f a presiding officer. The public galleries were filled to suffocation, though no .party or " campaign" speeches were expected-tbe time for oratory had passed ; it was all clear and quick voting. Above all, the ladies hod gathered in immense force, and their gallery was one vast flatter cf fans. Considering the stite of the ther- mometer and the working day parterre of gentleman they looked down on, their presence in such number* was something of a riddle. The rotunda, which divides the "House" from the Senate, was the grand promenade of the night, and would have been almost gay but for the serious, business-like look of the men-the expression seen on 'Change when , the funds are capricious and quotations fluctuating. Many eager faces flitted about in the gaslight, arrested by nothing of at t or nature round them; others took matters more coolly, smoking the time away, having a private understanding with destiny that made, them safe. Outside, the ray* of a bright southern moon fell on the white marble portico and terrace, a welcome retreat from the ovenlike atmosphere within, whence you looked far through the summer night, over the mingling foliage and roofs of the well-wooded city, to the broad belt of river beyond it; below, carriages dashed up and departed, with a louder rattle than at noon ; while in the foreground gleamed the statue of Washington, directly facing the windows of the Capitol, blazing with light at those unusual hours. He holds his right hand aloft, in admonition-perhaps to economy, for the mem- bers have just voted themselves an increase *f pay, and. the "appropriations" of tin's session amount to some 70,000,000 dollars. This is in hard money ; but if the value of the lands granted to railway companies; is in- cluded, that sum, it is asserted, might be nearly doubled. In fact, the Government of tho United States is in a singular-among the Governments of the world, the very singular-position of being embarrassed by riches. It could easily pay off its debt, but its bondholders will ^not sell, and tho Treasury is offering premiums of 10 and 10 per cent, for the surrender of its own certificate a. If creditors will not be paid off, what can be done ? The federal revenue increases far beyond tho demands of tho exclusively federal expenditure ; it is at this moment rising to a larger amount than ever, from the enormous imports Europe is pouring in through the customs. This pleasing fact is perfectly well known ; and there is no lack of speculators upon it, quite prepared to relieve Uncle Sam of any inconvenient superfluity, . boldly maintaining that depletion in such a case is a work of charity. The question is how the' Exechequer can be got at constitutionally. - Increase of pay to officials «alarias were fixed in simpler and cheaper times ; magni- ficent public works, new public officers on the grandest scale, new wings and a towering dome to the Capitol, till the .official portion of. Washington is wholly in the hands of masons and architects ; books published at. a scale of outlay that . ought to make literature look up and be proud, for .£00,000 sterling spent on a single work outdoes the merely commercial spirit of " the Kow ;" exploring ex. peditions, surveys, experiments, may all be found oppo- site handsome sums in the estimates; lastly, the repre- sentatives have done violence to their feelings, and doubled their own pay-a seat in either House is now worth about ¿700 a-year-all this expenditure is far from exhausting the Treasury. But there are other means of obtaining a hold on it, more affected by the predatory class this,weal th appears to have? called into existence. Never wai a Government that had so many " claims " on it ; agency for claims is a regular pro- fession. In all parts of the world the Government appears, at some time or other, to have caused loss and damage to unknown persons, who,. sometimes 40 years after date, turn up with their little accounts at Wash ington. "We were enco annually haunted by a Parlia- mentary ghost called " Danish elaims," and another spectre of the samo kind that walked the house at midnight under the name of Baron de Bode. Similar spirits abound here, and, with half tho evidence in their behalf possessed ? by thoso above-mentioned, they aro sent to repose by payment: n full Treasury cannot refuse reparation even in doubtful cases so well as an empty one can to all, good and bad ; and if anything like a fair case can bo made out, and the amount is large enough, there is a surprising readiness of pay- ment. In some instances the wish to do justice or atone for long neglect, has been very praiseworthy ; pen sions, compensations, land grants have been given to the survivors and descendants of the soldiers of the revolution who fought through a period of poverty, and did not give in to the golden age of wealth. But this amiable tendency of the Legislature, like other good things, is abused. . Sharpers of the lower legal species make a trade of getting up " claims,"and the revolu- tionary poriod is not yet,exhausted ; it is still mado to produce claims on tbe Government. At one of the last sittings of the Senate a bill of this kind, that would have relieved the Treasury of ten millions, was thrown out by an exposure of the machinery through which it was got up. There were harpies as well as eagles hovering round the capitol. The hill by which the pay of the members of the Sonate and the representatives is increased alters also the modi» of payment. It used to be eight dollars per diem-about ÜI 12s.-for tlio duration of the session, with mileage to and from the district represented ; the travelling allowance could be drawn in certain cases though tho member had not taken the journey ; he was supposed to have done it, os in a re-election, and was entitled to constructivo mileage ; for tho distant States, like California, this amounted to a very handsome sum. Now, the payment is not daily, but in one sum of 00OO dollars for the two years for which Congress is elected, i or .'1000 dollars a year, liable to deductions for voluntary absence. The allowance of mileage remains the same. Tho bill is retrospective, and gives the increased poy, about double the former rate, to the present Congress. It is hoped that the change to a yearly payment will tend to insure greater despatch of business. The in- creased cost of living at Washington, it is said, quito justifies the rate of increase. It may be safely asserted that all the expenses of the Government, salaries and allowances, are on the rise. One bill that passed in tho rush of the lGlh deserves to bo noted, as it was on a subject likely to have been crushed out of sight unless a disinterested friend or two had attended to it ; it bad no party out of doors to back it. It is a bill giving to dramatic authors a copyright in their productions. "Whether it will ultimately check the large importations of French produce in an English form, and of the scarcer original English article also, remains to be seen. Before there was no protection whatever for the writer, but, as there are many cities and theatres, and a popular piece will now pay its author, it is possible American talent may attempt the drama. The act will not apply to English writers not resident in the country. "Law and order" aro still suspended in San Fran- cisco-that is, a stricter state- of both is irregularly maintained by the Vigilance Committee. The Federal Executive here, having refused the applica- tion of the Governor of thc State for assistance against the committee, that self-constituted body is left to work out its plans at discretion. Having by force of arms arrested, hanged, and deported various batches of ruffians, to the manifest improvement of the moral atmosphere, it seems, by the last accounts, to have I originated a formal inquiry into the abuses of the local Government, to a great extent elected by the help of ' these gamblers and " rowdy" politicians. Authority had boen poisoned at its source, and perhaps the lightest evils revealed by the inquiry are the large peculations and waste of public money. For the last two years the world has been led to regard San Francisco as. singularly fatal to human life ; tho number of inquests was some- thing remarkable; it is now discovered that the coroner, who was paid by fees, contrived to hold two ' or three inquiries on the same body, which was. dropped into the bay and fished ont again as a new victim of accident or homicide, " as long as it would keep together." The sudden decrease in the number of casualties of this kind from tho day the com- mittee performed tho duty of police established the fact of this revolting fraud by the legal officers, though it had been suspected before. The report of the sub-com- mittee appointed to inquire into these and other mal- practices is minute, and full of details that bear the stamp of truth. It would require a rare power of imagi- nation to invent them, while they are exactly of the kind likely tobe detected in the administration of needy scoundrolism let into office by the carelessness and apathy of those who might have kept it out by a little of that timely and regular exertion of political rights which self-government requires. Had the scoundrel influence in and over the government been content with simple robbery of the Exchequer in the various ferms described, it might, to all appearance, have gone on till stopped l y the insolvency of the State; but success made it insolent, and two or three assassinations, committed with a, bravado that proved how assured tho mur- derers were of escape, created the violent reaction which speedily organized an armed power against it. At the date of tho last accounts the committee had 33 persons in arrest, above half of them under notice to quit the State hythe first steamer. tÇhe committee still retains its'fortified head-quarters, and its troops are regularly drilled. The inhabitants have gone even a a step farther than the committee ; they have, at a great public meeting, called on the. city and county officers, elected under the reign of corruption and violence, to resign ; this they have refused to do, and we shall pro- bably soon hear that they have been deposed, and others appointed by a new election. This Californian difficulty excites the more interest in the Atlantic States because it has been produced by the same kind of remissness. which leaves their elections also too open to similar.abases. One remedy proposed, both in San Francisco and New York, is to make the ballot-box transparent. A voting urn of glass has been suggested, which, like the window of the breast wished for by the ancient sage, would render men's " opinions'* visible: Another idea is to form the political vessel of woven wire, pervious to light,-a sort of safety lamp. Both suggestions depart from the principle of secrecy so much insisted on by crotchetty improvers in lands where the_ballot is not known tonpütics. and found so mischievous where it is ' that open halls of suffrage, transparent voting vessels, and a mounted guard of the honest citizens, if they con be induced to perform the duty, are proposed as correctives. . "Where votes have to be taken from many thousands of electors, ^fïwlhahairdoaenoamdjiUtefipf a,;««tono* toe haHgt fe ari exfléVenV ^qoanwsVaWín.tBap . Int it wore flapabie.qf, peina-turned intowan* ,of '"rana than th« writtenVpter, ty^^MT!^ Tq bring an adequate,, degree oí,ta«nçqt}on^toaron the roao≠, and becura. fair playas we« aa rapidity to the record, is now the problem. But ir the respectables are apathetic and will not take the trouble to attend to ' such things, the non-respectables are likely to have it their own way-California td wit. 