(11 uP *S\ PttittipY ADELAIDE: WEDNESDAY, MARCH 26, 1858. THE OLD REGIME. The signs are multiplying rapidly around us that the political condition of the 'Australian colonies is in a state of transition. In New South 'Wales the old semi-noinvnfiftTiernslatiire has done ? its work and passed away, never again to he Drought into being. In Tasmania the similarly-constituted Legislature has also given up the ghost, and settled its account with, history. And now at lost the Victorian Legislature has wound up its affairs and sub mitted to die. It has been rather longer-lived than it ought to have been, and its decease has been anxiously desired by its friends for some time, but as the time drew on it was ingenious in devising excuses for living a little longer. 'Now fitted the halter, now traversed the cart, And often took leave, yet seemed loth to depart.' It has gone, however, at last. 'We have chronicled its final legislative' proceedings j when the 'White Swan 'was leaving Melbourne, the Acting Governor Mnjor- General Macarthur was reading the funeral service over it. In the general emancipation from old cramped forms into newer and freer modes of action that is thus visibly going on around us, South Aus tralia unfortunately docs not participate. In tho race of political liberty she is for the time distanced by her competitors — a misfortune attributable .to a misplaced exercise of his irresponsible power by the late Governor. Had not Sir Henry Young thought it Mb duty to force nomiriceism down the throats of the people, the old Parliament Bill would never have contained that obnoxious element; it would never have been petitioned against, it would have passed the British Parliament, it would havo been out in the colony in full force, tho old form of Council would havo been defunct, and wo should have been abreast of the foremost of our neighbours in electing new mentoinauguratethenewsyBtem. Thereisonly one consolation attendant on our rearward posi tion, and that is that we may possibly gain some thing from the experience of the other colonies. By watching theVcourse of their political deve lopment, tracing their difficulties and observing their .errors, we' may. avoid dangers and com-, plenties into which we might otherwise fall. The Legislature of Victoria, which is just defunct, has had harder work to do and seen stranger vicissitudes than any of its compeers. It was barely summoned into 'existence before those rumours of golden treasure were whis pered, the confirmation -of which has changed the destinies of Australia. The. colony itself had but just ceased tp.fce.an appanage of New South Wales, -arid had only an untried and inexperienced aininistrative staff. '.Yet' thus unequipped it was suddenly summoned to grapple with great social perplexities! The unexpected success of the first diggers tended to -throw the whole administration of affairs into confusion. Difficult as the crisis was, order and authority might have ' been successfully maintained had the executive power, been possessed of ade quate ministerial ability. Unfortunately Mr. La Trobe, though possessed of many excellent qualities as a private individual, lacked the foresight and the energy which the times de manded ; and, instead of dealing promptly and trenchantly with the difficulties of the case, allowed evils to accumulate to a frightful magnitude. The Legislature was but ill adapted to supplement the deficiencies and correct the errors of the Executive. It con tained a large majority of squatters, bent on maintaining their class privileges. Up to tho year 1851 the pastoral interest was not only the predominant but almost the exclusive inte rest of the colony. By the end of 1852 tho Btate of affairs was entirely reversed. The squat ters only shipped one-tenth of the year's export. A now interest had suddenly sprung up which altogether overtopped the old one, and a popula tion came swarminginto strcngthenand increase it. No corresponding change was made in tho Legislature. The squatters in power looked with an evil eye on the rising of this upstart interest. They hoped it would be short- lived, they did what they could to discourage it, they denounced it as a curse, and made no adaptation of the laws of the land to suit its requirements. But in spite of this neglect, the gold-digging interest grew in importance till it made itself felt by making itself feared. The threat of rebellion did what no demands for justice succeeded in doing. The Legis lature began to discuss the grievances of the diggers, and to ease their burdens. Byand by a still further concession was made, and diggers were allowed representatives — a step in the direction of making laws for themselves. By the tune the Council arrived at the term of its existence, its constitution had partly adapted itself to tho altered state of the co lony, and bore some nearer relation to the true order of things. The first elections under tho new Constitution will probably complete the change, and result in the formation of a Legis .lature more truly representative. In Sydney the signs of the coming time are already making themselves visible. Just as in a dissolving view the colours of the fading pic ture have scarcely grown faint before the out lines of the new scene become visible. Tho old Council has hardly been dissolved before the elements of the new Legislature are gather ing together. The elections for Sydney and the Sydney Hamlets have already taken place, and they, with the coming elections for other districts, teach a very significant lesson. They show that the old executive staff decline to enter competitively into the new arena, dis trustful either of their competency or their popularity, and where they do venture to seok' tho popular suffrage the public voice declines to ratify their claims. Only one of the late Executive, Mr. Plunkett, the Attorney General, ha3 presented himself for election, and the citizens of Sydney have rejected him. He enjoyed the suppport of a powerful party, and the advocacy of the leading journal; yet he failed, and unless the Governor puts him into the Upper House as a nominee, he will pro bably be left out altogether. It has been frequently said in South Australia that a change to responsible government would not in all probability displace the existing Execu tive— that pur present officials might hold their places undisputed for years, with little other change than that of holding a responsible in stead of an irresponsible office. Time will show how far this supposition is correct. In New South Wales, at any rate, it does not appear to be the case. There tho old execu tive threatens to vanish altogether from the scene along with the bygone Constitution of which it formed a part. The new system will be worked altogether with new men. It will probably be the same in Victoria. What it will be in Tasmania the forthcoming elections will show. 