;ffiUtetc ; jFinc arte: Cftc 23rama. AT HOME AND ABROAD. Prince op Wales Theatre. — Monsieur Theo the Magician. — The performances of the last week at the above establishment have been of a truly wonderful description in the fets of magic and legerdemain, enacted by the above artist, just arrived from England. To particularize all that was gone through in the evening's performances, or to descant on the merits of each by this talented individual, would far exceed the prescribed limits of our journal. Taking, however, a passing glance at what is to be seen, we must mention ' the Atmospheric Washerwoman,' a curious delusion ; the appear ance and disappearance of the 1 skittle ' on the table at the beck of the Professor ; the transmit of the coin and other articles taken from the audience and made to enter a box closely seeuved by lock and key by a stranger in the pit ; the finding of an iron ball in the hat of one of the company, how It got there only the Professor can tell ; the live canary bird formed out of a box of Indian corn. The — the — but it is useless to enlarge, when all that is done is wonderful. We are sorry that Monsieur Th6o has not received the support that his merit deserves : but it will take time for him to become known — when that period arrives, we have no doubt he will . receive his due share of reward in the shape of full houses. Victoria Theatre. — On Monday night this theatre was crowded in every part to witness the performance of a grand oriental operatic spectacle called, Azael, the Prodigal Son. Report was rife that it was to he produced in a style of magnificence unparalleled in this colony, and unquestionably Mr Torning dicl not disappoint the expectations naturally engendered by such a promise. The scenery, dresses, ana appointments were appropriate and beautiful, and every exertion had evidently been made to render it a chef-d" ceuvre. In speaking of the scenerv, we have to eall particular attention A .3- 1.i„l. a 1__ -Ai J me Att uiuj) which in lUtisfcttriy in coiiipuoiiiuiif cuiuur tiuu handling. The artist is evidently imbued with the true spirit of his art, and possesses great mechanical skill. The valley of the Meeds is the locality selected for the spectacle, nor could there be a better chosen for the exhibition of splendid costume, pageantry and pomp. The piece, though simple in plot, is highly effective, and contains many capital dramatic situations. Tt was cast with the whole strength of the company and was well sustained throughout. The principal part, the Prodigal , was acted by Mr. Hollowav with great power and spirit ; and Mr. Bel lair, as the Patriarch, evinced much fidelity to nature and true feeling. Miss. Warde and Mi's. Morton embodied the characters awarded to them with taste and judgment. Mrs. Torning (who we are much gratified to observe has recovered from her recent accident) appeared as Lift, the principal of the dancing girls of the Temple, in which part she elicited unbounded tokens of applause by her characteristic, expressive, and graceful dancing. The Terpsichorean gem of the evening was her Grand Pas de Fascination with the whole of the Corps de Ballet. This was enthusiastically greeted. Taken throughout we feel called upon to give the utmost commen dation to this spectacle, to which we heartily wish that which it will no doubt have, a long and profitable run. The expence incurred in getting it up must have been very heavy,' and this evinces the spirit of strong anxiety to please the public — — taste. City Theatre. — This theatre re- opened on Monday last, under the management of whom we really do not know, but can speak with decided certainty to the excellence of the musical company, and the entertainment produced. The performers included Mrs. H T. Craven, Mr. Winter bottom, Mr Wheeler, Mr. Stephens, and others. Mrs. Craven sang , /several ballads exquisitely ; she studiously avoided the affected, false, and meretiicious ornament, and adhered to the pure and true. Mr. Winterbottom's performances on the bassoon, were worthy of his great and long-acknowledged ability ; " La Sonnambula," and " Katty Darling," were rendered in the most masterly manner. On the cornet-a- piston Mr. Wheeler put forth all his powers ; his performance of ' Home, sweet Home " on that difficult instrument, was a gem of the purest water. Stephens, the inimitable Stephens, made the facial muscles of the face relax by his truly comic delineation of ' Alonzo ye Brave and ye fayre Imogine." It the ghost of Monk Lewis had heard him. we venture to say, it would have grinned with delight. He (not the ghost) was equally successful in singing, " Trouble your heads with your own affairs " ; a capital song, containing a good moral — a sort of " a caution to flies." The attendance at the house was numerous and has continued so throughout the week. Tt is announced that a Grand Bal Masque will he held there on Tuesday evening next, and be on the most gorgeous scale. Madame Anna Bishop. — This talented artiste has given a series of concerts in Maitland with the most unqualified success. She was assisted by Mr. F. Howson and Mr W. H. Paling. She has publicly announced her intention of giving two grand operatic entertainments in Sydney previous to her departure to Melbourne. Sydney Philharmonic Society. — The concert -of this society will take place at the Concert Hall. Royal Hotel, on Tuesday next His Excellency Sir William Denison and Lady Denison will honor the performance with their presence. Madame Anna Bishop and Mr. W. H. Paling have proffered their valuable services on the occasion. Literary Mem. — The drama of Fotjche, lately produced with so much success at the Royal Victoria Theatre, is the produc tion of a native of Sydney. It was originally produced in London, at the Princess Theatre, under the title of Plot and Passion, and had a run of upwards of one hundred nights. The author is Mr JohD Lang, son of Mrs. Underwood of Ash- field Park. He is a barrister of much celebrity in the Courts of India, and- is also the author ot several successful dramas, and is a popular contributor- to-the-periodical press of England and India. Cremorne ' Gardens. — This place of amusement sprang up most suddenly. There was no fuss made about the affair, all was done secretly and quietly, when lo! like Aladdin's palace— a second Vauxhall appeared on Robertson's Point. The gala day on Monday last attracted some fifteen hundred visitors, all of whom expressed their satisfaction at the varied \ entertainments, amongst which may he brilliantly mentioned a magnificent display of fireworks by Scott, and the " Capture of the Malakoff." Independently of the natural beauty of the scenery, art has done its utmost to make these gardens attractive. Amongst the many amusements which may be enjoyed are archery, rifle shooting, quoits, skittles, gymnastics. &e.; With such ample provision for all tastes, and the proximity of the gardens to Sydney, the proprietors will no doubt find their enterprize rewarded by" extensive public patronage. Fine Arts. — In connection with this subject, we deeply regret to say that Mr. Rodius. the well known and talented artist is afflicted with paralysis which utterly incapacitates him from following his profession. Though, this gentleman has been a teacher of drawing in Sydney for the last twenty- six years, and thereby contributed his quota of good to the colony, we are fearful that his pecuniary means are of the most slender description. In a utilitarian country fortunate it is for the artist if he can earn, his daily bread ; he can scarcely hope to lay by sufficient to enable him to battle against the effects of sickness or decaying faculties, however carefulty he may have husbanded his earnings through life. If such be the case, we earnestly hope that the friends of this gentleman and the promoters of art in the colony will do all that lies in their power to alleviate his distressing condition. It is unnecessary for us to point out the method, as every feeling heart knows but one broad path. Representation of West Camden — The nomination and election of two candidates for West Camden took place on Wednesday last, at Camden. The Returning Officer, Mr. J. M. Antill, opened the proceedings "at noon. After briefly stating the purposes of the . meeting, Mr. Henry Oxley proposed Mr. James Macarthur as a fit and proper person for the representation of West Camden. " This was seconded by Mr. Thompson. Mr. W. J. Cordeaux, of Berrima, then proposed Mr. John Norton Oxley, which proposal was echoed by Mr. W. S. Mitchell. The Returning Officer inquired if there were any persons present wiio wished to propose another candidate or candidates. As no one came ft rward for that purpose, the Returning Officer declared Mr. James Macarthur and Mr. G. N. Oxley to be duly elected. These gentlemen having addressed the electors at considerable length, the meeting terminated. As it had long been an understood thing, that the two would not be opposed, but little excitement was manifested, and very few persons were present. Wooller's Busses. — We are glad to perceive that Mr. S, Woolier, of the Bull's Head Horse Repository, George-street, has placed the Rob Roy and another of his roomy and con venient busses on the Woolloomooloo Road to Rushcutter's Bay and Darling Point. Mr. Woolier was induced to do so at the request of several of the respectable inhabitants of those localities ; and we have no doubt that his promptitude and anxiety to attend to their convenience will be properly rewarded. Mr. Woolier, it will he remembered, was the first buss pro prietor who ran that class of vehicles from Sydney to Redfern, and this he did a,t the solicitation of the inhabitants of the latter place, who had long felt the insnveniencc arising from the want of such a means ofccmVey&n;£e to and from Sydney Yesterday's Receipt op Gold.— The Western escort deli vered yesterday, at the Colonial -Treasury, the following quantities of gold dust : — From Bathurst, 102 oz. 6 dwts. ; Sofala, 525 ozs. 8 dwts. 16 grs ; Tambaroora. 267 oz 7 dwts. ; Avisford, 550 oz. 14 dwts. 14 grs. Total, 1445 oz, 16 dwts. 6 grs. Sydney Branch op the Royal Mint, — The amount of gold dust imported into this establishment during the week ending yesterday, was 5193 ounces. The gold coin issued has been 30,000 half-sovereigns. Melancholy LamentaLtions ! — Our Reporters are, generally speaking, not easily moved to melancholy. They are too often move easily taken with the ludicrous than the serious : but, alas, frail mortals ! they have this week been as it were clothed in sackcloth and ashes : and if , they are rather mouldy and muddy in their ideas the fact is entirely attributable to the worshipful the police force of the City of Sydney. The whole body — move especially the senior members of " the force " have been emitting torrents of cold tears, and wearing crape next their skins — more doleful sights are not common, and one would say, the loss common they are, the better. It appears that the poor fellows have been deprived of the kind superintendence of an ancient chief, whose humble mindedness, kindness, urbanity, gentleness, sobriety, impartiality, charity, forgivingness, purity — ah ! Yes. The force of language can no farther go. He 's gone, the great, the good, the big, the burly boy ! No more can they hear the loving and affec tionate tones of his gentle command ; nor the mild and plaintive notes of his eloquent calls at the table of the Court. He has betaken himself to other tables, we hope laden by more refreshing beverages more congenial to his appetite than burdens of " Free Lists !" But he has resigned 1 His subor dinates, and all the reporting fraternity are stunned, and if there are any sudden deaths among them, we should wish we were present at the inquest. Parbamatta Election, — Yesterday the nomination of candidal es for the town of Parramatti took place in front of the Court House. The candidates proposed were Messrs. G. Oakes. Parker, Murray, and J Byrnes. The show of hands was in favour of Messrs. Oakes and Parker A poll was demanded by Messrs. Murray and Byrnes, which will take place this day. Executive Council. — His Excellency the Governor-General directs it to be notified that Francis Lewis Shaw Merewether, Esquire, has been appointed: a member of the Executive Council of the colony.— -Government Gazette. Pocket Picking. — Alfred Davies, alias Ganny, and William Glenny were brought before the Police Magistrates yesterday, charged with picking the pocket of Eliza Kent, at the Sydney terminus of the railway. It appeared, from the evidence of the prosecutrix that, on Thursday afternoon she came to Sydney by the railway, and on her arrival was about to enter an omnibus at the station, when she saw the two prisoners whom she remembered having seen walking arm in arm at the Parramatta station ; Ganny got before her and endeavoured to prevent her entering the carriage, apd the moment he left she missed her purse containing £1 7s 6d., she gave an alarm, and Ganny was detained by some gentle men present, the other prisoner who for the" moment entered' the bus, was called to by the Inspector to come out, when the purse was found upon the ground close to where he was- standing ; the purse which was produced, was identified by the prosecutrx; other witnesses corroborated her testimony, and the prisoners were remanded for the attendance of another witness. A second charge was then preferred against the prisoner Glenny, by Inspector Singleton, who deposed,, that he went to the watch-house, and from the description he had received of a youth, who had, it was supposed, robbed his employer, Mr. Mackay, of Church- hill, and whose name was Alexander Boyd, he charged the prisoner with it, but he denied the charge, and that is name was Boyd, hut subsequently admitted that his name was Boyd. Hugh Mackay, of Church- hill, deposed, that the prisoner eutered hiB employ on the 11th instant as an errand boy, he came out in the ship Moultan, which arrived on the 6th, and was one of a number sent to' the colony from the Red-hill school, near London ; on the eveniug of the 21st the prisoner came home late, abont 10 o'clock, at that hour a cash box containing about £3 in gold, £9 in notes, and some receipts, was safe in the next room to where the prisoner slept ; next morning he found the prisoner had absconded through the window, the door of the room being locked on the inside ; whea going into the office he found the cash box goue, and a chisel and knife lying there, and drawer broken open, for which purpose the chisel had been apparently used ; he identified the prisoner as the person who entered his service under the name of Alexander Boyd. The Magistrate remai'ed that although the prisoner had not yet been a month in the colony, he bad been already chargecl- with two felon vs. and he kelived had been implicated in others also. Committed for trial at the Central Criminal Court. . y Death of an Infant, and Committal of the Parents.-- An inquest was held at the Police Court, Parramatta, oil Monday last, on view of the body of an infant aged ten months, named Francis Stephens, son of Francis and Harriet Stephens. The coroner, on stating the case to the jury, informed them, at some length, of his knowledge for a long time ol the abandoned character of the mother of the deceased child, and also said that it had been his painful duty of holding an inquest on the remains of her former child, who, from her neglect, had fallen out of bed into a tea chest, and was killed, and on which occasion she had but a hair's breadth escape from being tried ; he (the coroner) should, however, leave the jury to decide upon the evidenco that might h'e brought before them, but would observe, that both the father and mother of the deceased child came to his house on Saturday morning — they were then drunk ; they stated that their child was dead, and that thby were about to bury it, bpt the neighbours said that tlioy had better not do so, as it would be dug up again ; they said that it had fallen through the battens of the bedstead, but they took no heed. He (tlie coroner) desired them not to bury the child without his sanction, to which they replied that thej would bury it whether he liked it or not. They were both cbhfinod in the watch- house. James Gordon, being Sworn, deposed I reside in. the two front roopas of the house occupied by the prisoners ; I heard them crying at 6 o'clock in the morning ; I went in when they said little Frank is dead ; the mother tools the corpse and put it into my wife's arms, but my wife put; it back again ; the female prisoner was drunk" all the previous night, and just before I laid down she crttwlcdjnto our tdgra on her hands and knees ; she co%ld hot stfi Vshe hadbeen drinking the whole night ; she.usqally the child ; it was not washed, and she quarrelled witii , her husband and would do nothing for him ; : the child kadtocrawl about by itself ; it was well at 6 o'clock the evening before its death. The wife of the previous witness deposed as follows :-k- I am mostly at home, and I saw the child ali ve at 10 o'clock in the night, when it died ; it was crying for the breast the mother attempted to suckle the child, but was too drunk to do so ; I offered to suckle the child myself, but she would not let me have it ; I never saw the mother feed the child more than once : the father was fond of it, and he used to feed it ; he was not sober on Saturday. night ; the mother is always tipsy ; I have never seen her thoroughly sober ; she let the child fall twice on the floor of . the verandah on. Saturday night ; she threw it away from her, saying lie there you little — ; — ; she never seemed fond of it ; sometimes she took it with her, and at other times left it to take care of itself ; the child was found hanging by its head through the battens of the bedstead: such a thing could not occur to my child, myself being sober ; I believe the father would not have got drunk, but for the treatment of his wife ; she seemed as if she would be glad to get rid of the child; I have often heard her say that she wished the child was dead. Mrs. Shephard confirmed the foregoing evidence, but bore testimony to the good nature of the husband, who was driven to destruction by the bad conduct of his wife. Dr. Bassutt deposed, that being requested by the Crown, he went to the residence of the prisoners, and on examining the deceased child, he observed, at the lower part of the back of the head, a deep indentation, and in front, below the nostrils, the lips and countenance were livid. On comparing the marks on the head with the place where the child was said to have been hanginar, namely, between the foot-rail and last batten, whick appeared to have shifted, the body would go through, but not the head. The appearances ' were not that of a fall, but more like that of suffocation. The stomach was healthy and robust. Mr. Teasdell, in whose employ, the father of the child was, gave him an excellent character, and said that on going to his meals, he spent much I of his time in the care of his child : but the mother had some times brought the poor infant to him at his work, thrown- it at him, and left it. The jury returned a verdict that the deceased had met its death through the neglect of its parents, and the prisoners were committed to lake their trial at the next sittings ot the Criminal Court.- -S. M. Herald. A Warning to the Peevish. — In a deep pit there were three bears — two very large, the other quite small. I dropped a biscuit for the little one, when he began to eat. The large bears, being full of frolic, took away the broken pices of the biscuit several times with their paws, and returned them'to him. The little one was testy and fierce : snapped and snarled, and bit at his jocose companions. The big bears put up with this for a while without resentment. But the little one could not forget the iusult : he went on quarrelling and snapping. In a few moments, to my surprise and horror, the great bears began to growl; and, being angry, set upon the poor little thing, and laid him dead on the spot. I look on and received instruction. I said to myself, if men will not put up with trifliug annoyances, but resolve to fret and fume and resent them, they must expect from parties as meddlesome as themselves, but with great power, formidable injuries, and it may be ruin, J DauvAlljoN! the Magistracy.— Whatever differences of politicaKopinion exist between us and Mr. J,. B. Darvall, (and they are nofca few) there is an unquestionable coincidence in-our views upon the present magistracy of the Colony. It is li'ot denied that there are many who are worthy of this honor able ancl important office, but. on the other hand, numerous names are upon the roll which should have been struck out J'ong ago. Mr Darvall has done his best to root out these rank' WeodB from the magisterial garden. In addressing the Electors of the County of Cumberland, at Parramatta, he fcaid: " Amongst the measures which I introduced in the Council was a proposition to have the Bench of Magistrates thoroughly revised ; inasmuch as it appeared to me that in many cases improper people had been selected to fill the high duty of presiding omtho Bench. I impressed on the govern ment during the time of Sir Charles Fitzroy, that it was but ' -right and proper on the occasion of a new governor to revise the Bench of Magistrates, as was constantly done in England, !in order that those who came under them should have no cause of complaint. A great many complaints had been made of magistrates in the interior, and it was very difficult to prove these cases, and bring these magistrates to book ; and in some 'instances it was impossible. I would ask whether it was right that these men should lie allowed to -set a bad example to the .world? The measure I proposed was unpopular, but I could Jiavcmo benefit in wishing to scour the Bench of Magistrates. T did' it 'for the advantage of the people, and I believe this measure -will hereafter he agreed to, and that those ifrorrwho 'then occupy the Bench will be worthy of being clad in the purest; ermine/' Daring the Fitzroy dynasty there was little 'hope? of obtain mg any improvement, but on the coming of Sir 'William Denison it was confidently expected, that a revision of the list would immediately take place. Bnt no such thing— „the, abuse :Still continues and is even increased. by; the lethargy ,of the; present governor. We have com men ted. upon the theme so.oftcn that the task hasbecome a weary one, but remembering . that " constant drops of water wear away the stone" we will /neyor. reiajC; in our. efforts until diie attention is paid to tliis 'iiighjy—impprtant matter. : The assistance of Mr. Darvall is 5yaluable,yet we are inclined to think the acts of these unworthy pneswill soonest effect the desired change. Of late they have beenoutrageousin: the extreme. : 'Pocket Picking — On Tuesday last. Herbert Downey was . brought; before the Central Police Magistrates charged with the , above offence. Constable Scarlett deposed that he apprehended ;Kiul on Saturday afternoon last, on board the steamer, which -swas about to start for Melbourne ; on the prisoner he found a i passage ticket - for .Melbourne; and £3 3s. 6d. in money. oWilliam Slocombev dcpQsed, that; .on the Wednesday evening previous; he. was withhis vdfe making some purchases in Mr. ?M'Donald's store in George- street, when, he saw the prisoner put his hand Intb;his (witness's) wife's pocket, and take out her purse.: ;he immediately seized, hold of him, and took. the ;>urse frbm1 hint ; ; the;pnsoner ; hegged hard to be forgiven for ;the sake- of his mother who ;was blind, and that lie was her sole supported m.'.-t'bhsttbh'cc .(of ,.->yhieh. he let him go. Mrs. ;Slocombe stated'that at tlie tirite'her.purse was taken, it con tained. abdut £'40. The prisoner was committed for trial at the i Quarter Sessions.. - : 1 ! from; the Person.— George Williams -was on ''Tikllay cWat'gecV with stealings silver rvatoh, ; the property of 'UmiryCroker Russell. Tho prosecutor deposed that on the " Tiresday o'venihg previpUR, .lie was at theCircus, aiid took the , watch fmm' hi$ pqpket to ascertain' the time ; he immediately . itfterwairis fohnd that the silk guarfl had been cut, and that ' fj fa watch was gone ; the watch produced isihe same. Inspector . Singleton deposed that he saw the prisoner in the lock-up; . iSutiflrchiy been'-. taken into custody by Inspector Weale foivpicking aiady's pocket, on board a steamer ;;)»hw|%\l0ayel,fof.;the! Hunter River, and as- he corresponded to /the diispvljitieh of 'the person who had pledged the wfttch;pro: duced. ' lie lodged that charge against him. A pawnbroker 'hamed Petei'S, Identified the'prisoner as the person who pawned m'-Wft'shprodueed' tor '£1.' ;. ;on Saturday he called again at the ' fihop- and wall ted to sell the ticket. Committed for trial.. -Receiving,; Stolen Property.— William James, a publican-, '. landlord of the GonstitutiOn Hall, York-street, and Christopher Simmons,, I ahdlovd. of the Graiton Armsv.George-street, were 'Tuesday, charged with receiving stolen property, consisting ; of- a hogshead of brandy/ sundry cases of spirits, casks of ale And- porter, and sqmebngs of vice, valued at £160. . It appeared ; from the evidence, which occupied the court several hours, thatloh Saturday morning last Henry John Lambert, a i storekeeper, in the Wellington district, called on Messrs. Beam es .and Koole, and ordered the above goods : he consented i to. allow a man named Daniel Howard, who accompanied him, tohavc a load ;of tlie goods to that' district, and loft instructions .' IvuthvMessrsBeamesiand Eeele to allow him (Howard) to take as much- as he 'could carry. The goods wore delivered to ; hiin/Inrtwo drays, during the xla.y, and removed to a house in ParVamatta-sfivect. kept- by a man named . Patrick Hogan, , i whereat, man; apparently Howard, arranged .with Mrs .Hogan for the gbods to be stored in a stable, until Monday ; the man -. siating, that,; they 'were, to- go to Melbourne. ' On. Saturday evening; however, they were taken away and conveyed: to the iM.prbmises of a man named LewiSrin-.Chvi?enoe- street According . to- the evidence of Lewis, James called oh him and asked him : to atbrc.-;the' goods; as lie had not room forthem. After the goods we re i n stove . J arnes and Sim m ons we n t there and made .? ;»riangeinents.':to return on the following morning . iind; bottle hoffOthe :spii?it3: When they, instructed; Lewis .to--,d'C8twy-tlie- im8k; &c.; ; .Tliese ' instructions appeared to raise the suspicions t of Lewis, who afterwards saw Captain M'Lerie, when the true c, hat uve of the case, t ranspi red, and wh ich led to the apprehension- ; bdr the prisoners, who iafter: a lengthened investigation - were . committed for trial at- the Central Criminal Court bail being Allowed, themselves in £100..: each, and two sureties of £200 . . . each/. — - . — - . / .Sea-ping from a Dwelling.— Willi.ain Campbell, a private ; ci.tlie Uth regiment, was brought up on Tuesday, charged v iwith;,RtCaling: . a: watch aud chain, the property of Henry <V%danan,, valued at £7 ; : tv.heri taken into custody-the prisoner . ; denied; the ;e!i|vrgi),, saying that lie .was not the man. Sergeant r./Pubuian , deposed, that on .Friday last lie went on duty, v 'leriiig his wate)i banging oyer the bed, on "his return; inytlib' r-even iiigAt-wa&.gpne. Constable Elliot-, who was stopping at" ; . iiie- saiue plaee ,- ilgposgd, that.. the prisoner liad called. gn, twice m . eli-u'ing.: the U'lay,y«nd ; t-liat , tli rough him the. prison er was. chain was' subsequently ! \- .loumi tq liave .beeu-.pledgcd at- tlie sliop of Mr. Baker, a pawn-. ..-j %cpfteidn. ;t?RjmcjTStrc(9t, "iV'oollponiooloo, .-.hut -the; .watch; was, > j&b.wheve; to- be found; before. At tlie close of the proceedings . :.«lfn:.0' Hara, a pi(blie?iri. appeared in' Court, and, stated that ....h-uk'.pin'chased. 'the- - watch from the prisoner on tVIomlay, ' '... fw.'Ssv; for 'wh-kfb'he took a receipt. Gbuanitted for trial. "A Friend in Need. &c.;" — The Attorney-General having been worsted in the tilting match at the the late Sydney : tournaiuent and laid prostrate in the lists, the Knight of the Melbourne. Herald foithwith rushed to the rescue. In an article in that paper of March 18th he (the Knight of the Quill) protests against anything malicious being faked up from oblivion to damage a candidate of untarnished honor and who with the smallest possible amount 'of abilities, has had the longest enjoyment of office, of all the Imoyers in this hemisphere. This is indeed & friendly method of putting the recumbent Plunkett on his legs, bnt one which few sensible men would prefer. What greater damage can be done to a public character, than by awarding him only the capacity of a leech or the tenacity of a barnacle? A friend in need, indeed ! , Tiie Ballot.— The experience of the pi'esent electioneering proceedings has assisted to confirm the opinion we have long held in favour of the Ballot in opposition to open voting We by no means assert that bribery or corruption has been practised, but that intimidation and terrorism have in more than one instance been resorted to, is well known, and that opposition politics, have generated bad blood is sufficiently notorious. The only cure for these ills is THE BALLOT, which leaves every person at liberty to act upon his convictions, no matter what his delicacy and difficulty of his position. As the subject is one of vital importance we purpose recur- inc to it at an early opportunity.- —Batkurst Free Press. Masters and Servants Act. — Gordon Forbes Davidson, was yesterday summoned before the bench, at East Maitland, charged with refusing to pay the wages of William Bitts Rose- Worth, his hired servant. . at Cassilis. Messrs. Chambers and O'Meagher appeared for the complainant. From the evidence it appeared that the complainant claimed a certain amount of wages, which had not been paid, and the complainant twice summoned defendant's overseer, before the bench at Cassilis, but there was only one magistrate pvesent ; he therefore came to Maitland and had summoned at his residence, at Winder mere, Mr. Davidson, the owner of the station. Mr. Davidson said that his man had been hired by him, and his first quarter's wages had been paid ; his overseer had refused for certain reasons to pay the second quarter, and the complainant had taken out a summons; but from want of a second magistrate, the case had been twice postponed. He (Mr. D.) had been taken by surprise, and he could prove nothing unless he sent , 120 miles for witnesses. The bench decided to refuse to hear the case at Maitland, and that it should be referred to Cassilis, as there' was evidence." for the defence, and all the witnesses were at Cassilis. |A hard case certainly for the servant, but hard also for the employer, if he were compelled to pay without obtaining witnesses in defence, or had to bring those witnesses 120 miles. Could not the Governor-General appoint more magistrates at Cassilis, selecting gentlemen living near, who could attcndr .without inconvenience ?— Eds. M. if. — Maitland Mercury. " A CoMYdRj.ABLE Bedfellow. — Yesterday morning a resident here, of the name of Bull, rose at the usual time, and left two children playing in bed, when it appears they had an innocent quarrel about one of the pillows: in their struggles it got turned over, when lo l a snake, about four feet long, lay coiled up under it ; the children thought it a great curiosity, and it is a wonder they did not get bit. As soon as their parents found it but, : of course it was killed on the spot. It must have domiciled itself there during the night. What, a pillow for pleasent dreams ! " Namoi River. — Maitland Mercury. 