ALIENS IN ENGLAND. Amongst the miscellaneous items of onr latest English intelligence was a paragraph to the effect that a new and'more stringent Alien Act would he submitted to Parliament on its re assembling. It is a remarkable circumstance, illustrative of tbe wide social difference of the two countries, that,whilst England is proposing to limit jet further the freedom of aliens, South Australia is engaged in*- removing from the alien .population the last remaining vestiges of political disability. But the difference between the "alien" Frenchmen in Jersey and the "alien" Germans in this province is about as wide as the antipodes asunder. Availing themselves of the right of asylum so of whatever class, a few expatriated Frenchmen have [ established themselves in the island of Jersey, where^pnder'the designation of "The Committee of the.Bovdlutionaiy Communion," they .have setupa most inflammatory news paper, entitled I? Homme. This publication is devoted to the work of rekindling the revolu tionary dame in Paris; and it openly counsels the assassination of louis Napoleon. The Queen of England, in consequence- eff having visited the: Emptor, has fellen under -the ribald censure of UHomnte, in whose columns Her Majerty was' thus recently arraigned " What business had yea to go to that man? Sore!? yon, daughter of. Pitt and wife ,of Coburg, yon do not goto virft a Bonaparte? Ton did not go to visit the radian of the Haymarket ? yon as honeeta woman as a Vqpeencanbe. Ton did net goto see a tyrant parvenu, yon, n conatitniional queen. Yon went not ta visit the •an»dddiinker,yoa.a parliamentary queen. What 1 minced yon to. put. your foot on that cuned galley ? ■TTouwepttovldt an ally, that is indeed a reason; and, therefore, .nothing less .'than that reason, that great reason—that reaaen ofutilitj of pnblio necessity—which ^ eaUed 'State rtjaacm'—the alliance, is it not ? To sur mount your natural yonr legitimate xepug naniy, yoor'-contenipt, ^ even year honoar for each a hpst-who constrained yon, firaUy. to receive him at hunt, and |£bn*'to visit him; to put your hand in his hand,add yonr cheek on hii chedi-rto-exchange yonr T Hnavdbbhn for his red one-ryonr'garter for his cravat ;1 —ycunawftr Hi vlolEts—to treat w« as an eqnal— .us a ill Let does. a .brother—from Emperor to queen! ©JBdal attentlona, political politenesa, we know well arc of no -oonseqneuoe, lead, to nothing,ma for as friend ship and adeem are concerned, we grant; bntwblhc, with anch a man, are a violation to morals, and a stain <m Conscience!" ^ . The lqyalfy of the good people of Jersey, and indeed of many others remoter from the printing-office of I? Homme, has been im- ' mensely excited by the manner in which Queen Victoria has been spoken of; and curses both loud and deep have been very freely lavished upon Mr. Felix Pyat, the author of the fore going morceau, and his coadjutors. The close alliance subsisting between England and France has also induced many persons to demand of the Government the suppression of those con tinual attacks upon the Emperor which form the staple of the Jersey print. In the follow ing extract the Queen is invited to study the political tempest lowering upon the head of Napoleon III.:— " He shall be punished. Funds are falling and com rising. The vapour from the blood spilt forms a cloud over the star—a cloud full of thunderbolts. Here is the lightning of Pianori preceding the thunder of the people; listen to what the workmen without work aay, that he was right in killing the Italian, as the Italian had missed him. And there look towards the west—towards the black city—in the vicinity of Angers, at the slate quar ries. What is this sinister light, and this new rumour— unheard of, astonishing, frightful? Whence this terror ? Certainly your ally is not a dreamer; he is not a man with foolish visions; he never heard the brazen trumpet —never saw the flaming sword of the archangel—never, felt the pricks or conscience—never believed in ghosts, in God, in the devil, nor in the turning tables; he has (we have already said it) neither regret nor repentance. He cats and sleeps well, digesting his prey. He can have only the remorse of the brute, fear! Let him tremble, for ho believes in peasants. This time it is not those returned from Cayenne—those escaped from Belle Isle—those landed from London—the red republicans, the socialists, the reprobates, the eternals, the powerless enemies of order, of property; no, this time it is the peasant! What? The peasants? " Yes! the Teal peasants, his peasants, the peasants of December, the peasants who elected him, whom he de ceived, and whom he will deceive no more! At last! Ah! Belshazzar! the handwriting on the wail " Fray to God, madam, that he may have as much courage to suffer death as he had to inflict it. . . The most cruel are cowards! Oh, expiation! Punished, punished by those he has sinned against! Come, there is no more love; the peasants are getting angry; the peasants shout ' Down v^ith the Emperor!' Long life to 3farianne (the guillotine). Long life to the democratic, eocial, and universal republic" The frequent publication and wide diffusion of this kind of literature at length produced a determination on the part of the Jersey people that it should continue no longer. Great meetings were held; even Sundays were not exempted from the discussions, and energetic, we might say passionate, appeals were made to the Home Government on the subject. The result has been the seizure of the printing-press of V Homme, and the banishment of the whole of the refugees, thirty-four in number, who have taken up their abode at Guernsey, with the prospect of a yet further ejectment unless tbey bold their peace. In this state of the case, Mr. Ernest Jones, the Chartist barrister, proffers his London residence to the ousted Republicans, and the authorities, not 'wishing to make London the focus of revolution, begin to prepare a more stringent Bill. Victor Hugo, however, from his retreat in Guernsey, defies the English Government to molest him, and proclaims his intention of adopting exactly that course which may best suit his own views and purposes. This is availing oneself of the "right of asylum " with a witness! The refugees, how ever, might soon be taught that the existing laws of England, thoughframcd inaliberal spirit, are quite as capable of dealing with political incendiaries as with any other class of offenders. It is not yet known what are to be the provisions of the new Alien Act, but we can plainly fore see that such a measure will be strongly objected to even by those who are the warmest sup porters of the Anglo-French Alliance and the most cordial detesters of the rabid blasphemies of I!Homme. To restrain the " Revolutionary Committee" is a very proper thing; but a right thing may he done in a wrong way, and, as the Alien Acta passed in England are generally Acts empowering the Secretary of State to eject from Her Majesty's dominions any persons whom he may suspect, they certainly arm the Minis ter of the day with power that might be applied in a veiy different direction from that originally contemplated in the passing of the Statute. England has nurtured on her shores patriot exiles as well as sedition-mongers, yet a sweep ing Alien Act plaees the lives and liberties of all alike in the hands of a, perhaps, tyrannical, perhaps, incapable Minister. Alien Acts assi milate England too closely with tbe most bigoted States of Continental Europe. Alien Acts confound the bloodthirsty agents of strife and rebellion with those who may have fled from sanguinary tribunals or mischievous conspiracies. Neither will Alien Acts eradicate the evil lamented. Felix Pyat and Victor Hugo may he handed over to the French authorities, but Ernest Jones, being a British subject, could openly repeat their sentiments in the teeth of all the Alien Acts in the world. By excluding fo reigners by decision of the legislature, we per form an act which, although in its first appli cation it may relieve Louis Napoleon from a source of annoyance, in its broader and more general character will gratify King Bomba and all the petty tyrants of Europe. When Jean Joseph Peltier, shortly after the peaceof Amiens,attacked the First ConsulBona parte, comparing him to Julius Caesar, and invok ing a Brutus to rid the world ofa tyrant, Bona parte, feeling greatly annoyed, demanded satis faction from the English Government. Lord Hawkesbury replied, in memorable words, that " in England newspapers were uncontrolled by any power but the law, before whose tribunals the First Consul might arraign his assailant." The Attorney-General (Spencer Perceval) was subsequently instructed to file an information against Peltier, and the trial, which gave occa sion for an extraordinary address from Peltier's eloquent counsel (Mackintosh), resulted in a verdict against the editor. In this manner it was shown that the licentiousness of the press could be restrained by selecting special libels for indictment without having recourse to mea sures which, whilst confounding both guilty and innocent in one common imputation, foil to suppress the evil complained of. We shall be much mistaken if, notwithstanding tl^e uni versal indignation excited by the Jersey con spirators, the threatened Alien Bill passes the Commons without a veiy strong opposition. 