I NEW PRESBYTERIAN CHUKOKi THS ceremony of laying the fonndation stone of tn« United PresbyterUn Church, Phillip-street, took place yesterday, in presence of a considerable congre- gation of people. The proceedings were opened by the Ker. Hugh Darling, who gave out a portion of the 102nd Psalm, which was sung by the assemblage He then read a chapter from the Bible, and called upon the Jtev.. Dr. Boss to engage in- prayer,- after which Mr. Darling proceeded to perform the usual ceremony of laying the foundation stone. Beneath the stone were deposited the various coins of the realm, and ; eopy of tho Sydney Morning Herald and Empire news papers, together with a summary of the principles con nected with the formation and management .of the I United Presbyterian Church., a copy of which we giro The United Presbyterian Church of Scot! «nd. of which this Church in Sydney li a branch, bepm to cxht on Otb December, 1733. Thc faino doctrine, the want af discipline, and the arbitrary mcx«nrw of th« ruling party in the Church of Scotland, hat been a " lamen- tation and for a lamentation" to many godly men in her com- munion. In 1733 the Rer.Ebenticr Erskine, minister of Stirling, In a sermon preached before the Synod of Perth, lifted ap bli Toles like a trumpet aga!mt the evils that faaTe crept Into the Church. For thin falthfnincaa tho Synod resolved to censare him.. He appcalcd'to the Assembly, in which he wa* joined by tho Rem. Alexander Moncreei; Abernethy, William Wilton, Fcrth, and James Fisher, Kinellan). Wben the appeal came before th« Assembly in-May, 1733, instead of see kin g to rectify the wrong, or raise tip a barrier against dcfectioai, with high handed authority It rebuked the foor brethren at the-bar. ' On the. 6th December, 1*33, theso toar brethren ibrmed themselves into a presbytery at. Galrney Bridge, near Kinross, and m December, 1735, "rCsolTcd to proceed to the rall exercise of the'powert with which* they Were themselves invested by the Head of thc Church." Soon after, they were Joined br the lier*. Ralph ErsMne, Domferroláre, Thomas Mair, of Orwell, Thomas .Nairn, ofAbbottshall. and Jame» Thom- son: of Ba ITV finland. For a time peaee, harmony, and love reigned, and the new denomination rapidly increased in number*. ID 1747, on account of some burgess oaths, the Sccttasloa wai drrfded into united, under the designation of the United Seeeseion Church. . Tho Relier Chur eh bad its rise- in 1752. The Ker. Thon Gillespie, of Carnack, WM deposed by tho General Assembly c/t Church of Peolland, for TiniHentlng the Frcsbrtcry of Dumfen line, of which he was'a member, for the non-sct'lrment of aral ister at In vcr keith in fr, against the wishes of the people. H*ev t Kera. Thomas Barton, Jedburgh, .and Jam*» Batncr, of Phmti.. formed themselves Into a presbytery at Cotlagsburgh, In rJ61, and met as a Synod, in Edinburgh, in 1772. Theüe two bodies, the Sécession and Relief Churcbc*, had seceded from the Church of Christ.-On the 13th day of May, 1S47,' they united, and a day of jubileo lt was when the union was consummated. Now tho name of the body U."The United Presbyterian Church of Scotland." \- Uniter tho au ip i CM of thin Church tho Ber. Hugh Darling, lat« of StiteheL Roxburghshire, was sent to Australia, in the month cr May, 1933, ho landed in Sydney on tho 17th day of June, com- menced preaching in the Supreme Court ilouie. Klng-atreot, on the nth Jnly, he formed the Drat United Presbyterian Church In tÚ^líñ R^ardsorî; wfubm"*iuig^ Young, ai trustees, ground In P hi lb" p-st i cet. far the special purpose oí erecting a church ' holding the principle* of (he united Pres- byterian Church of Scotland. 03 thc S th day of October, IS56, thc fir«t «tone of the ant United Presbyterian Church In Sydney was Uld by the Kev. Hugh Darling, dedicated to the three - ono God, Father, Son, and Haly Ghost ; and the house to be erected thereon ls for thc publication or thc glorious Gfctpcl of the blessi-d God, in humble dependence on the promise nf thc Holy Spirit for the regeneration and sanctification of the seal* of men br thc truth u contained in the Scripture* of the Old an« New Testament with supplication for the bl tiling of the Mott High ia the prewnco of those assembled. October 8th, A.D. lix, P. R. Donaldson; James Davidson, architect con Scott ; John M'KInlay ; Edward Ferris ; David Sterral ; Hamilton Anderson; James Steel, ehairnvin ; William Kia«, treasurer; William Fullarton, secretary; Hugh Darling, minister; James Steel, Cider ; William Fullarton, ditto. Mr. DABLIXO then lnid thc foundation stone, and. addressed the audience as follows ; My Christian friends,-The atone on which I now Church of Scotland has existed for years. Her name is dear to my heart; I love her | principles ; I honour her institutions-Scotland o her much. When mom) darkness brooded over land, she wai a lamp of light; when thc rights and j Srivilcgos of thc people were infringed, she wai their efencc. "When another gospel-than thc glorious Gospel of the blessed God was proclaimed-a gospel | that plucked from the head of -the Redeemer his diadem of beauty, and' planted in its- place a crown of thorns-a gospel which enriched with no spiritual blessing, and adorned with no spiritual beauty,-she held fast and held forth tho faith once delivered to all saints. And still from all her pul- pits ls proclaimed the truth as it is in Christ Jesus, -the truth which makes us wise unto salvation,-the truth by which thc souls of men are " mectencd for the inheritance of thc saints in light," If ever Scot-, land forget thee, Oh ! Jerusalem, well may her right' hand forget her cunning, ' and her tongue cleavo to the roof of her mouth. She cannot boast bf tho great ones of the earth as enlisted under her banner. By' her, not many, wiso men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble are called. . She has been pe- culiarly the church of thc poor.. Her principles founded .on the Word of God'; her ministers aiming hot at worldly-aggrandisement, but thc moral and spi ri tu al .elevation of the people, and inculcating the cx. the affections of the sons and daughters ol Scotland " the land of thc mountain and tho Hood,"-and : exerts a moral and spiritual influence equal to Presbyterian Church in Scotland-an influence which I will vibrate to the ends of the earth, and be felt to tho latest ages of posterity-an influence which we believe will mould the minds 'and give a tone to thc character of-unborn generations. " Recognising thc Scriptures ai the only rule of faith arid manners-the Lord Jesus j Christ as the King and Head of His Church-Presby- tery as a Scriptural Torm of church government-tho Westminster Confession as.thc confession of faith that thc Church of Christ is. entirely distinct from tho kingdoms of this world - that all visible- saints received by - Christ, ' though , differing - in some small matters, should . bc , received into thc fellowship'of thc church-that the Lord hath ordained that they who preach tho- Gospel should Iii of thc Gospel, and that they who are taught in tb Gospel shonld communicate to him who teaches in a -good things ; that it is not only tho duty, but thc pri- vilege of thc Church to BUpport andostend thc ordi- nances of the Gospel. " She is still " enlarging tho place of her tents." In Canada, in Jamaica, in Vic- torin, in Calabar, she has lengthened her cords and strengthened her stakes, and now, by thc blessing of God, we have laid the foundation-stone of a sister branch of this church in New South Wales. When the United Presbyterian Church of Scotland began to exist, thc ground on which we now, stand; and on winch the etty is built, was a desert, trod, it might be, I by human feet, but they were the feet of savage men, ignorant of a Saviour's name nnd a Saviour's love. No templo was erected in which to worship thc high God : Xo íonnd of the church-going hell invited to the courts of ¡God's house ; ©von houses- in w'theh civilised men could dwell did not'exist, Now, wherever wc turn elegant buildings meet our view. These structures proclaim the diligence, thc energy of tho human mind. These are the results of successful enterprise-these indicate thc civilisation and; refine- ment of thc people. But what would tho ' city he without its churches-without iti institutions for moral and spiritual instruction ? What? The City of the Dead-a gravo in which were buried the- souls of men-a valley like that .which Ezekiel saw full of dead men's bones. But the churches erected, or that may yet be erected, manifest that this is. a land of gospel light-that somo at least of the. people feel that they aro spiritual beings, heirs of immortality - wedded to eternity. While laying these foundations, under thc I name of the United Presbyterian, our main object is the extension of thc Redeemer's kingdom, our feeling is " Let names and parties fall, and Jesus Christ bc alt in aU," We preach-and may God stop the mouth of thc man that ever preaches anything else in tho house erected on this ground-the universal depravity of mon, salvation by Jesus Christ, God's willingness, to récrive returning sinners in HU name, and the ne- cessity of the regenerating and sanctifying influences of the Holy Spirit. Many, too many, have como to this country to amass wealth, and to return to the mother country laden with spoils. Our object is, to tnrn men from darkness to light, and from the power of sin unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins, an inheritance among them that aro sanctified. As God has conferred upon us the honour of dedi- cating this ground unto His ñamo, we hope that the traites* -and their succcsson will ever consider it consecrated ground, sacred unto the Lord. For thu special purpose has it boon given -let no unhallowed hand pollute the spat. Our message is " Repent, for tho Kingdom of Heaven is at hand. We cry to perishing sinners believe in the Lord Jems Christ and thou shalt be aaved. He that belicvcth not will bo damned. We hold out a friendly hand and cherish to oil tho faithful followers of Christ the .feelings of brotherhood- by whatover name thoy may be called. Lot us then go < forward with tho as- surance that the blessing of God rests noon us, that tho prayers of tho genuine disciples oí Christ are withui -and that from the templc.bclow, wo" " will bo., trans- ferred to tho temple above, whore with the rp.deomcd of every age and of every clime, we will.sorTO God day and. night, and with united, voit» cry » Salvation to onr God that sîtteth upon the ' throne, »nd to . tho Iamb;, ¡for L over. ' - and ever." Now my tongue may bo soon. iUoaced-my-heart may cease to beat. Iq a moment I may bu numbered with the congregation of tho dead. I may never ie* the house completed, whose foundations I have laid ; but to you and to your sons and daughters, I call in the n.ims of God, to finish the building os a place where the truth will be made known, and where tho truth will be proclaimed. Above all things seek your own personal salvation, that wo may meet at last together ia the . mansions of glory, and there have an abiding habitation. A» the United Presbyterian Church of Scotland has been the instrument of sending tho Gospel to .many doric places of tho earth, so from this place may light, and love, and beauty, flow te. . tho» who sit in darkness, and in the region of the shadow of death. On mo, on you now rests a grcnt responsibility. Slay God's grace bc sufficient for us, and his strength perfected in our weakness. May the? arms of our hanà» he made strong by the hands of the Almighty God of Jacob. Let.this stone whsrh I havo set for a pillar txi God's house. The Kev. Dr, LAW o also addressed tbr assemblage, briefly pointing- out that, although he attended merely as a spectator, he-_yet entertained a warm' sympathy for the object whnth they were met to promote,, and should be happy at all times to <pvo the promoters- of if his most cordial co-operation. Thc Rev. Mr. ST*ATTEH then engaged ih' prayer,, when thc ? er vices wore concluded'with praise and the* benediction. i and general tty'Jr portico In tie Ionic ire t>c direct), opeólo gr nus l*oy, whiehji'thir order orarehrteeture (veil derated ' upon winer* arv 3 doo» Into ai eomm full breadth1 of tho - bending each end1 of this lobby arv placeu ide' stair« io ion gallery, and 2 doors in WP the body of tho church, whlch Is BTV feet by «G, and' arranged wit* open seats for BÜ0 personsrtfce gallery seats, 1W; making a tot.*.! of 1020 sitting!.. Tho front, towards PhllUp-itrecrr ts to be built or« to nc ns well as> thc foundation ; the rwt oí thc werie to bc executed in brickwork; The eaUiiiatecwt is, £iW, The architect ls P. Ri Donaldson, of 