. COLONIAL NiSWA VICTORIA. ' . Wo havo filo3 of .YJotorian Journals, to the 5th inst.,': from which we make the following extracts . CiiA3Tisi:io ak. Editor.— This practice seems to becoming somewhat iu faihiou itmongtt our Victorian neighbours, a ca3e havintfrecontiY come before the police Magistrate in Melbourne, in whjch a gentleman named fitzgibbon, belonging to the Victoria A'oluntoor. Artjllttry|Corps,and bearing.the high sounding titleof Lieutenant-General appeared to answer tlio charge 'of having assaulted Mr. Symo. one of Editor of the MellHiurae Age. Lrom the evidence of Mr. Symo, it appeared that on til n. meeting Mr. Fitzgihban in the streets, that gentleman called upon him to givo namt* of the writer of a satirical letter which hn'.l appeared in the A'je somo few days before, reScnting upon the tho conduct of the regimant; .'to which .he heloriged, upon his , refusing, to do so, Mr. Fit* gibbon struck him on 'the tace, with such force as to completely sUnn him . for some time. Th» magistrate considering that some provocation had been given, simply fined tho. defendant 2 Is., ouo half the usual jienalty' for being drunk. ? ' Sbves Persons 1'oisosed at: an Ewwa Hocsb. — Considerablo excitement was occasioned iu Mel bourne- a few days since bv a report. that twenty persons Imilbooii poisonei'l by having partaken of somo'soilp. at ;';'i'ilkoV City: Dining- rooms' in Bonrke-streot. TTp.-n further inquires being mode tlio rumour was proved to ha hot altogether with out foundation, seven parsons who had dined at tlieso rooms, and had token psas soup,' having been shortly afti-rw»rdj seized with the symptoms usually resulting from poisoning. The day following one of those persons, died, and; at the inqueit held upon tho body,;it was proved by the evidence ol Dr. Miiund, wlio had analysed some of the soup that ; 'thii- prpseiios-of arslmic had caused the death of the deceased and tho illness of the others At fir.it there were somo suspicions resting upon a servant girl employed in. the kitchen, but there boiiiir no evidence to warrant those suspicions, she wiis dispbarged.. After 'sitting for nearly two days, during which tima no.irly a dozen witnesses were ?examined; tlio^in'y ratunieillho following verdict. 'We lind that t!io doao.iwj IVince Symes died from the effects of 'anenio contained in pea soup, sup plied; to him ';at' Tilit'si' City .Dining-room.1!, on Fri day £he 25th,inst., b'nt how or by what meam thn poi.sqn became mixed with the ingredients of the soupjthe'.'e; is no; evidence to show. * ? Tho jury foe! desirous : to ? impress .upon ? the 'attention ot the anthoritiei the necessity of introJuciiig-' into this colony tho -English';' regulations as to the sale of arsenic. The 'girl, Miiry 'O'Brien, against whom tliare were somnHUxjiicioasan.l-who was liberated by the coroner, has sinco been taken into custody by the; nolico' authoritiflsj and has been remanded by tha Magistrates,'. for farther examination. ? -* Pubuo AVorks.— 'Cho-'piiWio impro\'ements in ' Melbournearoad vancing with coimidorahlo rapidity. It being 'expeoteil -that' thai Ya»n 'Yean' Itoaovoir ?for tlie 'purpose of supplying the Citr of Melbourne ;with-water.'from the LMotitv, would bo oiwnod in about a fortnight. The tunnel whioh is to con duct' the water to ;the' artificial bed' is said to bo the largest extant for water purposes — larger even than the Croton Aquediict at ;tfew,.York. Ono portion of it has been mined through a. formation of solid rock for a quarter of a mile, and itfinvert bud and sides are in course of being lined with hard blue stone pitehes. When completed it will form '. one of the largest artificial resevtors— if not the largest — in the world. The two new markets, — the Eastern and the Western are now in course nf formation. The basement story of ths Western Market is rapidly advancing towards completion; the Corporation having; resolved upon the plun for the New 'Eastern Market which': will. greatly exceed in size any/ public edifice yet built iu Melbourne ; tho front-age being 330 feet, and. the siilei extending 313, so as to form a quadrangle.'. The front is to bo pf tho Compo-iito or Italian style and the remaining sides perfectly plain.' iThe estimated cost will, ba'.-' £-10,000, and the rental of tho nremisbj will bring in about £9,500 I-ornnnum. Tho New I'nrliamont Houses are ^ also progressing, tho first story. of the Legislative Chamber ilieing nearly completed; the founda tions of the' Legislative .Council i* also in active progress. It is intended to have the mnin build ings;rea'ly for tlio opening of the Now Farliumcnt in September next. The Hohson'si. Bay I tail way Company are also'activo'y exerting themselves in. the formation of a branch lino to St. Kilda, which' is oxpeoted to 'ha finished in abobt six months. The Government havo also taken into; their own hands, the. Melbourne and Geelong Railway, and have again commenced the works' which have been for some-tima suspended. ' ' ' ? ' Tuena Gold Fields. — The Chronicle says, we have int«Iligchce from this gold field to Friday morning. There is.sl,ill.Uie.saine success with the parties who are Working at 'Pennyweight Point, the name by which tho naw succes3ful,diggings are designated. , Groke, Cramp, and Neil, ,wn,h, their parties, in most cases consisting of tlirco, are still doing lirst-rato : the sinking , is from .eigiitcen' to ' twenty leot by shelved Shafts.1 - Crbke' a'nd Cratn[) calculiited that 'their claims' would tilrhi out^o a man this woek. Stephen*. .Smithcrs, who belongs to Neil-1 h party, has brought -into) Goulburn about £40 'worth of gold; which , ho' procured, ns his ahafp, in a fortnight. Tu'crd'tire tib'out one hun dred people on the ilat. The number of licenses issued iitst month - were two , htindredi.-uMr^ ;D-ivid ' Davis), of tho Old Commeroia^Store^has, purchased ?2J lbs., of gold.. .tha getting' of tyip men in y'ft'forl-' niglit'. ',. .,' ' 'V ''.,. ?'?''.'-,'''rlJ'' ' '''?????'' ROBBERY WITH FIREARMS.— A most barefaced act 'of bushranging was committed on the Sydney road, at about 10 o'clock a. m.', onr, Friday, week by two mon on footj well armed, and^each wearing a portion of a red comforter 'drawn' over his face. It aWcarj, from'tho inlbrmatibh' that has readied us, tnat whiletwo ; young nrnon-' of the name of MeGuire were driving a ?jtedm.j-Jilonc.6n . the-, road; about aiaile.OD tha other Videiof- Sb*lly's .Fiats, two men camo out. of tho adjoining bush; k^j presenting fivcarms at them, desirtd them to 'halt.' Oiio of r.ho men then look tho team oj tlio road for smna littlo distance, tho other march, ing the two McGuires in tho samedii- ection, cover, ing them at the samo time with his gun. \Vheo the party Inul arrived .'.t a sufficient didtanc&for; the safe 'accomplishment of their purpose, tlio tff9 young McGniras we're ??searched, as wns also tha ilray, and such tiling* us tho robbers wanted ivere secured by them, utter which thoy deciimpej Fortunately they were disappointed in getting much of value. Information having been giVeJ to the police, the neighbourhood of the spot where the robbery was committed was well searched, and the two piece-) of a red comforter and an el.l black hat, similar to that worn by ona of the bush. rangers, were fonml. As yet there is no clnj likely to lead to the apprehension of the pertx-. trators of this diiringtict' - - - - The Gold Escort.— The fortnightly escort from Braidwood, which arrived in town on Wed- nesday last, brought down nearly 500 ounces of gold. The Union Bank despatched to Sydney by the same conveyance 680 ounces from Tuena. Road Affairs. — The road party under the superintendence of Mr. Hawkins, are still engaged cutting away on the Sydney side of the Big Hill, and making the ascent easier. They have made a capital and durable job of the work so far as they have gone. In fact, all the improvements and repairs accomplished during the nine or ten months that the road party has performed, have been skilfully planned by the surveyor, and equally well executed by Mr Hawkins and the party under him. The party is about to repair a bridge at Towrang, which has broken in. We are sorry to hear that the funds at the disposal of the Government are so straitened that some of the party, (only eleven altogether) are about to be dis- missed in consequence, and we fear that for a similar cause the party will be taken off the road altogether. The only chance of having them con- tinued in their useful operations, will be by a movement among the towns- people and residents in the district. It must be obvious to all the people that a working party ought always to be maintained upon the roads, for all the old bridges and other old Government works are falling in and decaying. Not a single person in the dis- trict is uninterested in this matter, for by having the roads kept in good repair, and the difficult hills cut away, travelling is more comfortable, and more secure to life and property. Goods can be brought up and down, from and to the metropolis, at a much cheaper rate, and thus the southern districts would be able to outrival every other part of the colony. Besides, if the surveyor, overseer, and party at present engaged on the roads, are disbanded, it may prove a difficult task at some future period, to procure the services of equally efficient persons and this can easily be assented to by any one who will take a look at the improvements already made by them to the town of Goulburn. The survey of the railway line to Goulburn is proceeding with alacrity, and we were informed, last Wednesday evening, that the surveying party had reached Sutton Forrest. We hope that as soon as ever the Parliament opens the members of the southern districts will urge the necessity of an immediate grant for the speedy promotion of railway communication between Goulburn and the metropolis, and that they wlll also apply for a grant of money to maintain our road party in constant employment. We have got members now, who are capable of urging the claims of the town and district, in a manner that will be attended to ; and we hope that not one of them will become Speaker, so as to leave one of the constituencies virtually disenfranchised, as was the case during the last five years. — Herald. Wagga Wagga Hospital. — A very successful attempt for the establishment of a free hospidl for the reliof of the indigent sick and wounded has bnen made in Wftggn' Wagga. All honour to the noble-hearted people _ who, in a town juit emerging from the wild wilderness, ' coiitributcd spontaneously »o lar^n n.8umi r.s £284, not from any selfish motive, but from the nibst pure mid dil intorosted motive of Christian benevolence null charity. It would be, indeed, a most difficult full to expatiate upon the good and kindly feolii,'! displayed by the people of Wagga Wagga. 'thaM kind and generous deeds, like violets, BueutMrfl beauties and thoir sweet smelling odours liurrSjB and lowly ; but although shrinking from pubiiB -;aze, these virtues cannot pass unnoticed by Hill by whom the hairs of our head aro all numbeniB Land Sale at Moruta. — On Monday tlie lflfl ultimo, according to ndvertisement, a portion (B that magnificent property, tho 'l)evonshire«B Boat Alley Estato,' was offered for mile. A til stantial lunch was provided by ' mine host,' -m the '.' Leg House,!1 at the expense of John HmB don,;E3q., to which upwards of one hundred \\*m sons sat down nnd did ample justice The torn tionrer acting for Messrs Mort «nd Co., U'l Higham, afterwards adjourned to the ground Am had been surveyed, . thus affording to intendinfl purchasers every facility for personal inspection] Tho bidding on this day was slow, few lots \x\iM disposed of. On Tuesday the sale went off nilH more spirit ;- altogether it was satisfactory totfl proprietor. The total amount renlised was £400fl The price varied fr'»m £.6 to £10 i-eracre. Tbeifl is still a large extent ot lana lor uisposiv), onniw liberal terms ; and taking into consideratioiifiB being almost- entirely .free from timber, and niljB for theplongh.-flO.per. ncreia 'littlu enough. -H vessel or 30 to 40 : tons . is now loading in' vM Tuross River. ; ^ ? ? .- 1 1 ?? ??:'.' ? -'. ' ? ; Gds.vino,— Oursi is amost neglected little lonB ship. Over n creekttwhich intcraeets tho ; pl^H nnu whioh -is impassablo.in the rainy .season, ttefl was onoe upon u time a. good,. substantial'. i)riJ« o'f,which.tho skelwtpn, nlpue ' .now , remh'iris. |B stream is certainly .still, spannedby four -v,H Buhstatitial Ivcams, whioh . look ns if ^.Ipey cofl stand a century or no of wearand tear : 'hut aluH the flooring-. has.. altogether ..vanished,' and tM strHcturo.lias'.ceasfld to be of the slightest iral™ hanefit. 'The coaches and Imlluck t'enms now {-'? the ford, and one day last week, after the r»i« saw no less than eight drays stuck in the mud J tltatjpoint. ' The Deputy. Survevor- Gencral r-1S!jB through the town. the other day on horsolwH Hud that gentleman attempted to cross the hrii^ and got his neck broken through his rashneJ!,B aupjiose the structure would have heen pnt'J order at onco. Whether or not Mr. Thompson *? see lit to order that the necea3ary repairs twU be effected remains to be seen ; but at all orcclM hope you will make onr grievances known to t-fl public. Gunning being on tho main RoutniiB Road, the traIRo in immense ; and unless i0'fl thing is done immediately, you will liave to tco^ sbmq some serious accident before the wiiitaM over — Corresponds, of the . Chronicle. ? Steam Communicatiok wrrn Clarence Tow* On Monday, tho 28th instant, a pnblio mcctij was held in the Court House, Clarenco Town, H the directors of the.IiK.N.fS.N. Oompany, {»' m purpose of .explaining to tho inhabitants ot llH distriot the advantages of rtoam conimunicttijB with; Sydney, and to ask their support for the ro^H ning of a 'boat for their .special service t«« weolily. The chair was occupied on tile -)«?.«'-? by Mr.'E.-.G. Ma%wicki , Mr. Joseph Chnnil)« of Maitland, being -one of. the directors, i^:m inti-; a lengthened exposition of the comp».' affairs, ..their, past success, nnd thoir future Fj» pocUi. -The meeting was attended by somo 2'' 30 persons';' and after Mr. Chambers' addrcssi conversation ensued between fioverul parties « the merits of the two companies, the dosirnblcn' of a wholesonio competition, and tho bcne. likely to be deri.ved from either. Several percf took* shares in the new company on the_ occmi andifrom the exertions of several of their iri^ thetfe is little doubt but they will prove succe*11 Aftir a vote of thanks to the chairman, the n» ingtbrdkeup. 1st May, 1856;— Empire Co?1 pondtnt. ? ??' ''' - l - ?'????'? iif'l\iWiir'lEl — ^ 's stilted by the Tilegraph ot toBillV '''i!'1 ^'ia.'i aomo gentleman in that city .j,V|,'0o:i'.ehi|ilution to establish a Chamber of ch. 1,,,'s-ca in Xcmiistln. The advantages deriva r«'Ero::i su.ih an Institution ara undeniable, mid loii ?trail that tha undertaking will succeed. The j-or Hj nij-3r (jo.nolaini of thu annoyane caused in two ?street of Newcastle, by the brawling of tho tbolla t° Preveu^ a recurrence of' which, it add*, ?era Bi have been taken by the authorities. Thojfl -ed Hjniir creaturas, under tho iufludnGe of the ?tn»BtJsnpplieA to them by those who should know jT'l wnse mioli disturb nice of the public peace. liera sS- renilcr them a complete nuisance. An in «ndB» ot t'1'* 0Cl!Urre^ on Sunday last, at tha lack K of \Volfe-strect. A young woman residing a3h.B:sne''-- ''0J^- appirantly actuated by no clua Hr motfve than having some sport with them, rp(!# ?j.jjn to ctUnk one of the gnu — smothering ' Ifica with siin.l, aud at the same tiino a man, 'Corift can so denominate him, was engaged in a Ved'Blistio . eucouuter with a bkckfallow who was esu'fBer company. The hooU and yells were a y brBa ol re:^ aunoyanca to the residents in the '?|ir. We understand a similar aoune took tltB '?'' ^e sau-e ^ at t'10 L')ka Macquarie ]f i'j| ?j'tcai. — A .correspondent of the People t JiadiBj*'*' wr'te*1 *3 follows:— :'|,Tbe. present nraiB't afforda. ms a favorable opportunity of !ionliB'ai|1o ^e Prora's9 : tUllt ' ?'? ;nl»1'9 yw la mJ r kiiB^tor ; and ai it may ba the moans of futher l,av H.rood c*uj9,.I .tha more eagerly undertake . an5B'ik. It is a well autheutioated fact that d tblE-1''l-'n^ ''' oaa 0I' t'ie 3a*'eJt agrioaltural did-' ?emirBi' $i# Suuth'. Wtilei— its yield of grain, in w. Iioih, with only, the rou^hejt attention, may sal otlta iot ^o.Ta u.t t'1'rt-' buihels per acre, and oftljBjotio^l superintendence would make it at ledii'BlW- ^a r-9a^'ir mnit uuJeHtani tne at forjBin'o:ily of \V1U0l1a and iU vicinity. ' Its !- roid BiMUV. to all sores of grain and cereals U un , cnj.BeJ in the wide rangd of Australia's fair bril ^l°'m mll3t '' a very short time become i'denliB'19 mojb ;flour'llm'» tojrus in New .. Eng I tlialfo'* ''''* reaion, ' there is a, line of road -toUswaJ the Port Stephens, at present unJer rjuJlBi thorough iraproveiuant for tha conveyance, j,, ,,;„? Na* England 'clip,' and other produce,' ! ati-^B w-Jtli of tha sea tor shipment, either to UTj 'He or any other part. ?; This once accom iflidijIBl would introduce us to within one hundred !p an»enty mlleJ ol' ^Vrnlon-i Torr*i:e, instead of ' lKhiI route, by 'lumworlh,and Murruruudi, 0TOl|; Bitto I, of two hundred and. forty miles; It 11!|||,I'Hjnsi!3.4{ary to say. that whatever improve-. 0'ierS* »li-'-ms °' t'10 ^ort Stephens - line, is rvevor Hi»» 't t''° expause of thb'obiupauy ; and it 0l|v'Htahtni3s for 8-iuatocrutic ; energy in this lttaskBJ)J!irh3i)J.thiit they have, not yet put their, ices otB°?'-'V9 ' '^''der to thu wheel of so valuable ilv l*swi;w'-'11?' to. euable their, 0*11 snowy ..''fleotioi. ..^^.Hmld at tha shipjpinjj pjrt' in a t'ortnight, le tomHkreiice to.tha .ola ,ruii of. sj:uatiina.j..two II A About lour or .five thousand pound* nnd iiH111^0 this.lini) one of tha beit in the oountry, hattluB3'^- A., Company would, I am; curtain, p»y t WikW' satn- Ibis, route once ascomplUhed ' '?Tluye the capitiil (Arraidale) of New .liug.' ? urj,B the raar, and' ijlaoa . Walcha iu a verv en nn.AHiijition. . Its diat.mce at preient from the MtmaB'Ji' t0*u3 is ^3~ Arinidale, forty (40J jev willl TwniMirth'— capital, Livarpjol Plains, fifty ai*n ouB') ml'eA ? ^-ort iI*CilUl'''e (raad bad;, oae 0 iinnHrl and twonty miles; Kayinond Terrace, one ?. , Hj and twenty miles ; Rocky liivor Dig ar'twBj twenty-four milei; Hanging Rook Dig t'onetMT6l'v iu'lo!-- l 'll1!1 jL'rer v' my next oftljHpwy important details of thii invaluable was tliv m'!re'/ uow iJty t'1*t ^ne m^g'c-like ^?r with which the gool paopla of Walcha are ^uKt thsir much prized 'il.it' alid suburb* j,nsl,:,,MFiu*)l8 buildings, »i»uks hopa and pros-' irouffiHk the future; and as the greatest ,h»r hononrB1'-s uot'teea employerj aud employed, and . ? ^Hiurveyed, and buildiug material* (by the,. triliutedlti0^a- *i;luvt't(3r oi ou»e) cluae at hand, it , _f t,nBW.l tbut- many m&y; eomj to. jhaw.^the. 1On-,iTB«r«/»pted Zion.' v- -— ' ? '' '?jpsoH or this Wheat GaovriiB.. — A writor' mltfdlK''' Australian Rigiitar, signing: hiin fcolit'Br^8'81''' m*k0i t'la fj'lQffiug oiuerva WB tl18 Pra'iP':olg ot agriculturists in that. id! &irB;~' An 0P'''l)a. '* *-dely current amongst humHi^K'1' '|l^r 'sted in this branch of business— ^[.?efiinujr to tha consumer and exporter— . 1 bv lliisBP3' t'ie e*Par'onc3 °*' former years, that umWi^B'' o1' w'ie:l1; ttll(' '°'r ne'^ baok now, will the 14^^B ^ e''^ °' ^e season, yield such an extra lortiont^H *:a'l''V '° TaW ''^ holder, and that we \- ? .I^Hueoeiiity see at soma time a rotnrn to the A baM'''*'1' 123- or' 15-i: for wlieat- and.X30'-.br. host.' d^B ^'.u.r' ^J' w't'1 '^ a'^er?c' ciroum .' kBi trhiob both this aud the neighbouring dred r-nl-re ''''* -VdlLr P'acac'- lu's sesems, to say I'he aDt^t' 'tre'a0'y improbable. That the coin Co £l^-'lr l'u'i-3''0U'i mill* has so iar foitered oiind tliB.u'e °f wueat- at w'l;kt may. now. ba called intemlit9''-- '' evil''Jllt tro:a l'13. i'*()t °f stookn, isnectioiH '^^ at-^ 'our- l»av'n',' uccumulntwl its ItcirB'1J 'iit: 'lra3 ^'^ t0 tna detriment of ? off nitS^Bu t.''ltor'' the'pric&i; now current in Mel ' .ot^Btviu{ receded bolo.v the level at which c ji¥^Bi'Ii cou'd ba sold to cover the original out Tt;n^B w'lei'' can 'e grown and a profit made 1 ' on kji^B r'nir at ^*-° P3r 0Uj'le'- u0 oue w'' °°n' ' ratios fo^m?'' ^'^ '-'-c'c (-uroroP- therefore, aj long and KitoB1'08 °'' *)a '''V1'1110^ '''* Oll'y. reaot uP0!l loim-li iB ^ our exc'a'1'011 from the very, market ' ^n ' iiB.' ioar mtere3t to supply, in preference 0 ^H importudoiis of the. produce of, other ittlolotB' ^'° have_ already exported about 7000 , . nlit-Brar *n^ w'ielt since'' the commancemont „'„_ 'thB''1- wIlio11 exceeds by 1000 tons'the 0.1 lirii.-B1'1 of 1855- provin?. with- the' abUn- ? II^Bixa to remain in' tha.. country, of what 'ur ort^H11^'109 lt ' to ^nt^ ' r?a^y niarkot. bev coi^B'!1'113 Pr°duce. In no artiole of ,com ? but olu^T* 'ie demand no -quickly regulate the and vK^ t'10 c0ll9e'luel't .value, as, in corn, and ' t pjl^B'wk to the competitors -we .-have in the is now tii^l' market, now, . compared with former ?the mint^Hua'-re ''ll-n probable that any withhold the mudiB?' 'wt at proper time will eithor 1 pjssBP011' orowor* '18 necessity of eventually; hor4iii;Bi°fr'('-!4 bulo'r *!he- oost of production, or. , A.e*|,riil'flr-r corn. over *'' next year,. whon,with '„.,,_„.'? pwkiition in Viotorio, not ?even ^ the ,cen p ti-m'?8 m'V b8 'aliied.. . It ft patent to nmnson««i1'1 tha oroPs ''«ughout the . Aiistra-, iri «ht^sww are laroe- ani1 greatly in excess of 11 Jra!sB^Jif these be not sufRuient, those of ' i m «?'*''».' »nd the Uuitei1 stal«s w»u sup rsoitbW^i^-' *' p ivo to rc«^B'ER Entkbphise.— The Jioudon eorres-.. 0 wiuto^K l'la Prttman says that a new daily le ^V-* about to be started in London. . 'It is ce Toirv^Fny P^per, advocating ponoe views. Mr. lio mefti'-^B^ r' AlUner Gibson, with their friends, '0 Towtii iB!1* ''rtna repeated- failures of the penny mnv forltB*1 lni' t'19 8noers thrown out .against mu' of I^B'19 Times and other high-priced publica nnuinicit'B1^ 'lave- therefore, determined upon j.or therfiB'ttpcrimont ona fair trial, and for that ?rvico WjB*^ e ra'8e^ snliacriiJtions enough to the ocf^(B1W oowipaper aflont for throe or .four C}ipriibfllr!*'l:n tiineit is h 'pad it will. take root ors ibIkB ''' s°i'- r-f'le demand for tho Time} 1 1 cWumras!ieii auoh a h^s1;1* that tliay aris future piiw*rMt.vpo each day's impression. They r somo 'id Br01! mivking experiments on this sub , aildrcssB'2 difficulty has been to get tho storeo rarties ^ W?^s cooled and hardened in sufficient dcsirnble'B,0''81' t'10 8am0 Moi;nino- '^'1'8. ^M Deon tho bcneB'^ a 'ovo^ application of Gutta Percha, ?eral Pers0B'c'or tnree ma°hinis are, or shortly will the ooeiW'B1' J' the same moment in throwing oil' their frrt»B^ Olle un^ ttt8 Bame Dl3''V3PaPer' '? ve succesilB'1 or Sl-' PsfSRSBOiia j Pbtbr's Mo in the mB*1 ''ho imagine that l'otor choso that ,??_„ CdffiWiio.iaidaration, or because h». hod.de- Wm'. Bsal; idaai of a olty frera . Amsterdam, with which, during his roSidanco there, ho hud Ii3- I come familiar, foriii a too narrow estimate of .that J coarse but viijorom goniiw. His ambition rose f'.ir beyond, tho couutry of which he found himself the master, and l'ur bsyond the day in which ho ex pecto I to liva. Us platted before himself the map of the world; he saw that liuroiie, Asia, mid Atnorica., converge towards tha Nurth Polo, and that Ru»ia, situated on the point where their me ridians moot, appeared to ba thair destined mis trnsi. He formed tha purpose of turning this as sumed intention of the Creator i.toafuct; by Buoeassivo conquests, to give to hia people tho passaasion of thraa worlds, and by tho opening of rivers, canals, and caravans, to form the remotest regions into a single stute. With such an idea before him, the position of St. Poterabarifh was well choion, although far the purposes of ordinary life nothing could well ba worao. There tht»y trombla upon a groat subterranean scaffolding, ' ready,' m I have hoard it grap .i&illy; said,- ' to sink into tho murali, like a stage-ghost through a tra))doqr,' with a climate; so destructive to build-' ings that the glittering exterior which, wo have just surveyed ho* .to .be renewed every suinmar nt enormoiii oost, with u neighbourhood so dillieult of. drainage that 116' food' can be raised without'in credible labour, -and in the forasts of which (as I can testify, from having obtained ? and 'Kent homo the head of one of them) the wolves still prowl;, and, aboyo all, with the possibility uii3panded over them of a complete subinsrgenc'o beneath the sur rounding 'waters ;'; for 'whenever it Bhall happen that a powerful west wind shall blow during tho fortnight that witnesses the breaking up of the ice, the tide of the Gulf of Finland will meet the tide of Lake Ladoga, and, rising together, they . will roll over theoity, (no part of which is fifteen feet above 'their' .'ordinary level,)' when its' palactis, monuments,' and temples, together with the 400,000.. souls which constitute - it* population, will experience a.iaiejiot.leds terrible, tlinu that of iieroulaiieuin''and':Poinpeli.i;Gtff»ey's'^fo«»V/iy' Recreation*. ....??. ??.?*..::,,. ??.??„,'? ' PbINTISOA NEW3PAPEB IS 1*116 WOODS ! — Wtf are doing virhiiti perliaps'i has never been done in tho United States 'before— we are printing the Winioniin Mirror ; in'the.wooJ'i— not ii dwelling, except bur Own, within half a mile of us, and only one within a mile ! Tho: forest oak* hang over our ofiico and dwelling, the deer and rabbits are shy ' around us,' and the partridges and quYils iseek our aaqoaintance by venturing nearer and; nearer 'onr doors. -'.Tho 'noble Winconsiu is bo*ringqnw-urd its immense burdens of ice, majestically aiid silently, within sight of our windows, aiidthesnow-cttpp3d hills, cpverad'with sa'att/ered oaks and pines, p«nr up in the distaheb. ' Thoro is romance and roality in all this, and we fjel almost willing to publish a paper iii suoha location juit for tho exuitommit of the thing.- ..: But .most of the rpraanee is spoi;i;to ? ba spoiled.' Already several 'dwellings are in pro jjreasnear us, and before manywooks they are to Be occupied by entorpriaing rioighbouM ': mid, ? when,' springand 'summer. shall cqmo, avo' expeof iunh a clatter' of .axbs and spades' tind trowels and saws ; and hammers, that we shall hardly be able to write our editorials without introducing more or less .of the coiifujion. The. fact is, wo expaot ; a large village— yea, a city— to:, grow. .'up 'rapidly, around us; .and that is why we are hero^-printing in tho woods!— \Vincnn*in, Mifror, January 1. Goixo to StEBP.— 'It is a. delioiou* moment, eartainlv, that of being well' nenlled in bed, and feeliii' 'th.it you shall drop gently to sleep. Tha good is (o come, iiot pnssjd ; the Iimb3 hiive just Been tired enough to render the roinujning in one position delightful ; the labour of the' day i* gone. A gentle; failure of tho, perception' creep.* over voii'j the spirit of : copiousness disangages itself more: and more, and with slow and hu.ining de grees, like a mother detaching her hand from that, of her sleeping child, the mind seems to have a balmy lid closing oyer.itlik'e; tho eye— 'tU olokd. The mysterious spirit has gone, to take; its airy 'rounds*. .?'.''.' ...-?..! .?-.:i'. ?.-.? '.; ? -.-. ':-.? : Ai'LoTTERT. Soazta.-r-Jwrnal du . Loiret ? roUto.tiHUc-i'allo't'itJg^sohPITnB'.rCJt'WfatJ fo. V'*' young 'damsel 'in' order to procure \'a husband. _ A young lady, handsome1 arid .well edhoateJ;-. residing . in ths iirrondiswrnoht of I'ithiviera, haij conceived the idea of 'putting her3alf up to lottery.-.' Thora are' to bo. 300/ tickets at 1000 franc* each, and to ?the;fortunatdyrinnor sha will give. herself and the ? 293,000, franei a* a dowry. The lady lias attuohed 'some very prudant conditions;. to tho purchase, of tiokot*. . Slis will. only sell them to. parsons whin she'may think wilt suit her, und in order to ascer tain that point sho ex.icU ahalf-hour's tete-a-tete conversation, with o:ioh jipplimvnt. There is, no. liinit of ago ..impo-od,.b'utno'lmorethan one ticket .Ciin be' drawn, by ono pordon. ..Tha lottery will ba drawn on the 25th Novemhar next, at. tho : Miiirie in Pithiviers. No murriod mon- are allowed to take tioket-i. It is said that a nurnbar. of- English- men have already beunme purchasars, and applica tions are, coming in from all quartern- . : Diciplino in childhood.— I. dm firmly persuado 1 that: indulgence, infallibly 'produdoi solfis'hiiess* andhardnoss of hcirt, an.l . nothing .but a. pretty Bdvore'dioiplino and control oan lay thef undation of a magiuniinoui oharuoter.— Lord Jeffrey. ' . ? AiPubliciin's Wit.-r-A publican in Stokes' -croft, provoked a few- days ago, by tho impropriety of some Land Transports billetted bii hiin/oxclaimad, 'I honour i hd wish evory success to hor Majesty's artn% but as for their supporters, they aro '.easts. . Tights ! — In tho old times of very tight leather unmentionables, a dandy,, (or, was ho a buck? it was ages before swells were invented) was depicted by tha Locch of the day as saying to his tailor, 'If -I can got into them, mind, I wont have :them I'!-.; \'.- * 7 ????????????-—??- ? — -,?--.-? ^ i 'A^celebrated 'dandy was' ono' ovoning- incom pany with a young lady, nnd observing her kiss her favourite poodle, advanced and begged theliko fa vouri remarking that she ought to luivo a* much .oharity for him as .she .ha;lslioiTiito the dog. V Sir, said the belle, .'Lnever kiasied my dog when he; was &puppy.;' The fellow took the hint and was off.'; ?'.?'??'-??.?: -! :-y ''?' , ?' '? ??'/'-. ,: ??..'? 