THE VALUE OF IMPORTS AND BALANCE OF TRADE. (From tho London Exnminor,) The annual stantomnt of the trade and navl gattonof the kingdom for tho year 1854, put. llshed by the Board of"Trado, prosonts a newt and idportant particular In the computed real value of the imports. The first valunation of this kind was made as far back as 1694, upon I the prices then ruling, and this antiquated va luation, termed oflcial, was the only standard up to the appearance or the volume now before us. As a standard of value it was false, and utterly useless, but it has served as a rude standard of comparison as regards quantity in aggregate accounts. By thile hlpof the official value, it could be seen whether our imports were increasing or diminishing; but what re lation thoy'bore to the exports could not he ascertained.. To give an idea of the impracti cability of dealing with the official value as any other measure than one of quantity, it may beo enough to state that the total official value of tile imports of foreign merchandise in 1854, amounted to £124,420,159, while the total olli cial value of the exports for the same period figures as £214,140,509, from which it would appear that.our exports nearly doubled our imports in value. The declared value, that is to say, the value which the exporter attaches to his morchandise, gives a sufficiently closo ap proximation to the true account ; and the total declared value of the exports for.1854 is £97,298,900, considerably less than half the quoted official valueo. The computed real value of the imports now supplieswhat was so long wanting in the com mercial statistics, and we find that the value of our imports for theyear 1854 was £152,591,518 instead of £124,038,478, as according to the official value s and it is to be observed that this obsolete official value raises the aggregate value of the exports and diminishes that of the imports, the former being chiefly manufactured articles, the latter principally raw material, and the prices of manufactures tending downwards with the steadiness of a law of gravitation, which is not so generally the case with the ar ticles of importation, many of which have ad vanced in price since the remote data of the official value. Tihe discovery that the real value of our im ports for 1854 was upwards of 152 millions, the declared value of the exports for the samo period having been 97 millions, has raised the old ghost of no adverse balance of trade, He fore we dispose of this extraordinary fallacy we must observe that the clements of compari son are wanting between the computed value of the imports and the declared value of the exports. The declared value of a cargo of British produce bound to a foreign country, is its value when it is shipped in the home port. The computed value of a cargo from abroad Includes freight, insurance, nod the profit to be made upon the current prices. An estimate for the amount of those items must bhe deducted from the value of the imports, or an estimate of thile same clments added to the declared value of the exports, before a balance between the two can be struck. As the account nlow stands, the one is plus freight, insurance, and profit; the other minus freight, insuranca, and profit. Weeeel quite confident that if the balance could hbe fairly struch, the value of the imports would be found still to exceed considerably the value of the exports, though not by so unor moos an amount as fifty-fvo millions, for if our imports are not worth mord than our exports, our trade is in a bad way indeed. The con trary opinion which so long prevailed, and which is yet hold in some quarters, is one of tihe most extraordinary errors that ever led people astray. It probably arose from the do. mestic idea which connects selling with profit, and abstaining from buying with economy' But in trade there must be buying to sell, and selling to bay t and what is bought out of the proceeds of what is sold should be of more value, or the trade is a losing one. If a mer chant sends a cargo of British manufactures to the United States, and invests the amount of a profitable sale in cotton for tihe Liverpool market, it is clear that his cargo of imports will be of more value than was his cargo of exports in direct proportion to tile profits of the trans action. But to reduce tile proposition to its simplest expression, the incomings of a nation ought to exceed its outgoings, just as the in.. come of anl individual ought to exceed Ills ex penditure s andi the aggregate value of what goes out of a nation's ports ought to be less than the aggregate value of what comes into its ports, or it is carrying on a losing trade. Moses, in the Vicar of Wakefield, had the old doectrino of the balance of trade on his side. He took a horse worth some shillings to mar ket, and brought back the gross of green spcc tacles, not worth as many fartisngs. rhu horse corresponded with an export, tie specta cles withl an import, But we shall perhaps be told, your imports are not all in exchange for your exports. You Ihave bought more than you can pay fur in goods, and tihe balance you have to pay in gold. This is an assertion which it is easy to make, and unfortunately not so easy to answer, as our accounts of tile export of bullion are very im perfect, asld of the Import of bullion there is none whatever, the legislaturo having, in its wisdom, specially exempted imported gold from account, ill common with fresl fish. We know, however, that gold does come into tile country, In tihe way of payments, m wetll as go out of it ; ant if we had i acomplete viev of our trade, we should seo the part of gold In it like iron, copper, lead, or any other commodity, and might perhaps find that our imports of this article also exceed the exports, which should crown tile assurance of the old protcctionists that the country is clean undone. 