r Tfi&IlEvrew; of 1614.—>fDb is now 42 y.a-s rfnce ^Portsmouth has witnessed a parallel demonstrtu ftion—porallel,at least, inintony circumstances—to that \ovbp which the Qaeen has jut presided. In 1814 ntthe close of an arduous and exhausting war. a temporary and deceptive peace for ~a time lulled the Powers of Europe. Napoleon I. was considered as finally over thrown. . Rejoicings echoed far and wirio. ..The Emperor 1 of Russia and the King of Prussia, then our great allies in the long'struggle this country had undergone, landed with the elite of Europe's oligarchs to congratulate the regent. Fetes and entertainments, of almost unparalleled magnificence, were given on all sides; but the show of the day—the display which no other State in the universe could then attempt—ftas, of course, -a naval review. All that our dockyards could set afloat, after a * naval war of years, was pressed into the service fora day. The result was good, at least for that time ; and some of the most powerful monarchs of Europe thought that the Stats which, could turn out 15 small sail-olthe-liue, with frigates and brigs to match, was one which deserved admiration, and <xuld enforce respect. The vessels manoeuvred on that occasion looked well on paper.' There wastheVillc do Paris, 120; Impregnable, 98; Prince 74; Norge, 74; St. Domingo,74; Bedford, 74; Rodney, 74; Chatham, 74; Tiger, 74; Queen, 74; Sceptre, 74; Magnificent, 74; Egmont, 74; Montague, 74; and Stirling Castle. Many of these were old; all were very small, for the 74 of that day was inferior in size, strength, accommodation, and, above all, in weight of metal, to the 60-gun frigate of the present. Half the fleet wc have just enumerated carried only long lS's or 24-poundcrs as their maindeck gu-.s, and 32-pouuders were regarded by the majority of the service as monstrous and imprac ticable innovations. But even this muster of small sailing liners astounded Europe quite as much as the overpowering force manoeuvred on Wednesday in the presence of the Sovereign. Besides the Regent; the allied Sovereigns, the Royal Dukes of Clarence, York, and Cambridge, there was tbc sister of the Emperor of Russia, tbc Crown Prince of Prussia {Frederic William, the present King), the Duke of Wellington (his first appearance in England since his creation as duke}, Baron Humboldt, Prince Potemkin, Marshal Blucher, General Bulow, and a host of others of less note, who stared to witness the assembly of a fleet which mounted 1^74 guns, and threw at one discharge only 16 tons of metal! The Site op St. Petersburg.—Peter s Motive.—Those who imagine that Peter chose a site without consideration or because he had obtained his only ideas of a city from Amsterdam, with which, during his residence there, he had become intimate, form a too narrow estimate of that coarse but vigorous genius. His ambition rose far beyond the country of which he lound himself the master, and far beyond the day in which he expected to live. He placed before himselF tlic map of the world; he saw that Europe, Asia, and America converge towards the North Pole, and that Russia, situated on the point where their meridians meet, appeared to be their destined mistress. He formed the purpose of turniug this assumed intention of the Creator into a fact; by successive conquests, to give his people the possession of three worlds, and by the opening of rivers, canals, and caravans, to form the remotest regions into a single state. With such an idea before him, the position of St. Petersbug was well chosen, although for the purposes of ordinary life nothing could well be worse. There they tremble upon «L great subterranean scaffolding, "ready," as I have beard it graphically said, " to sink into the marsh, like a stage-ghost through a trap-door;" with a climate so destructive to buildings that the glittering exterior which we have just surveyed has to lie renewed every summer at enormous cost; with a neighbourhood so difficult of drainage that no food could be raised without incredible labour, and in the forests of which (as I can testify, from having obtained and sent home the head of one of them) the wolves still prowl; and, above all, with the possibility suspended over them of a complete submergence beneath the sur rounded waters; for whenever it shall happen that a powerful west wind shall blow during the fortnight that witnesses the breaking up of the ice, the tide of the Gulf of Finland will meet the tide of Lake Ladoga, and, rising together, they will roll over the city (no part of which is fifteen feet above their ordinary level) when its palaces, monuments, and temples, together with the 400,000 souls which cons itute its population, will ex perience a fate not lesB terrible than of Hercn laneum and Pompeii.—Gurney'a Ecetdng JRecreations. Humbled Russia.—As to Russia* she lias been taught the great fallacy in which her weakness lay. She has been shown that a purely military policy is un equal to carry out military designs, and that vast armies and navies are as nothing when the means of using and recruiting them arc not at hand. Indeed, from the con- i cessions the Emperor has made it would appear that he I had wakened to this conviction, and that the old Mas-1 covitc ideas will no longer reign. Russia wants railways, capital, and commerce—in a word, the sinews of war— wealth. After all her expensive military preparations she finds that a despotic nation can never contend against a free and enlightened people. "Within two years she has seen half a million of soldiers, a huge fleet, her most impregnable fortress, and all her means of trans port gone. It is evident she feels this, and will now devote her energies to laying down iron roads through her vast territories and bringing the utmost pointsofherempire— the Crimcaand St. Petersburg—within afcw days' distance. If Russia in such a course favours education, the growth of a mercantile marine, and the development of her in dustrial resources, she may be in 50 years four times more powerful than she is now, and have sto bless the i war which led her to such a career of redemption.—iWip i York Tribune. \ The Story of a Slain Russian's Ring.— | A characteristic anecdote is toli of one of the soldiers who was the first to set foot inside the Russian battery on the banks of the River Ingour. 'Perceiving a Russian colonel lying dead upon the ground, he plucked off his glove and appropriated a valuable diamond ring which was upon his finger. Knowing, however, that it would he impossible very long to keep secret the possession of so valuable a prize, he showed his usbashi, or captain, bis treasure, and requested permission to keep it. The usbashi told the man that he was quite right to bring the prize to him, and that henceforward itshooldhe trans ferred to the finger of the said usbashi. The soldier, not satisfied with this arrangement, referred the matter to the bimbashi, or major, who said that both he and the usbashi were highly culpable in daring to retain the ring from their superior officer, and that he would therefore relieve them of thk sabject of dispute. From the bim bashi the soldier weut to the kaima-kama, or lieutenant colonel, who at once followed the example of his inferiors, and took possession of the ring. The soldier still perse vered, however, and went to the meer-ali (colonel), who determined that he was the rightful possessor of the ring by virtue of his rank, aud dismissed the rival claimants from his presence iu the most summary manner. Next day a French officer attached to the Staff of Omar Pasha observed a private soldier prowling near the tent of the Commander-in-Chief. The story of the ring was at once retailed by the original possessor to tins gentleman, who laid the matter before His Hicrhuess, and the man had not only the satisfaction of regaining possession of bis property, hut of knowing that those who had attempted successively to deprive him of it had been severely repri manded for their conduct.—Oliphanfu Transcaucatian Campaign. _ Delusion about Prince Albert.—A man named Thomas, a broker, residing at IlunUpill, Somer setshire, wrote to Prince Albert a letter, which he says was dictated to him by angels, requesting His Itoyal Highness to pay him the sum of £30,000, This letter was forwarded to.Buckingham Palace by post, and the result was that a detective, named Tomlinson, visited Bridge water anditsneighbonrhood, to make enquiries. Thomas was requested to accompany the Bridgenater police to the Town Hall, where he was informed two gentlemen wished to be introduced to him relative to his claim. These gentlemei, it is needless to say, were magistrates, and their object in recking an interview was to satisfy themselves as to Thomas's sanity. In answer to the various question* put to him, Thomas described himself aa William the Lion, the Lord's chief son. He declared that three angels, resembling caterpillars in size, con tinually dwelt in his body, and that they were quite black. He could hear ihem inside continually convers ing as to his future welfare. They were never allowed to emerge from his body except when any personal insult was offered him. Upon being asked If they had ever been visible, be replied that be had only seen one, and that wis some years ago, when he lived at Buraham, opposite the chapel. It came out before him at the -back door, and his wife took it up in her band, saying, ' What's this?" and becoming afraid, she tossed the angel over the chapel wall, without it ever speaking a word—poor thing! He was afraid his wife bad hurt it. He picked it up, placed it in his mouth, and swallowed it, and it had never made its appearance since. Res pecting the letter written to Prince Albert, Thomas said that the money was due to him according to the laws of Heaven, and that, as Prince Albert was his divine brother, aud had received notice from him, he considered he ought to pay the money; at all events, it would bo the worst for him (the Prince) if he didn't. If the Prince were a good brother he would immediately discharge the claim. He had visited London, he said, to gain an interview wih the Prince, bathe was told he was notat home, and that he could not see him. The man appeared during theinvcstig.'ition perfectly hirmless, and otherwise sane. He had in his possession a brace of pistols, which he had constantly carried about with him for years for his personal protection. He was dressed as a baker, with black beard and moustache. The magis trates made an order for his confinement in the Wells Asylum. The Prince of Wales K-eceitikg a Les son.—During Her Majesty's residence, some ye&TS; ago, at Osborne, in the Isle of Wight, her children were accustomed to ramble along the seashore. Now, it so happened on one occasion that the young Prince of: Wales met & boy who had been gatheriug sea shells. | The boy had got a basket full. The yonng Prince pre suming apon his high position, thought himself privl- ; leged to do what he pleased with impunity. So, without any notice, he upset the boy's basket and shells, a he poor lad was very indignant, and observed, u You do that again, and I'll lick you." " Put the shells into tho basket;" said the Prince, "and see if I don't.*' j The shells were gathered np and put into the basket. "Now," said the lad, "touch 'em again, old fellow, if you dare," whereupon the Prince again pitched over the i shells. And the lad "pit. bed into him." and gave him such i a licking as few Pri'ces ever bad. His lip was cat open, | his nose knocked considerably oat of its perpendicular, and his eyes of a colour which might will have become the champion of a prize ring. His disfigured face could ' not long be concealed from the royal mother. She j enquired the cause of its disfigurement. The Prince | was silent, hut at last confessed the truth. The poor boy was ordered before the Queen. He was asked to tell his story. He did so in a very straightforward manner. At its conclusion, turning to her child, the Queen said, " You have been rightly served, Sir. Had you not been punished sufficiently already I should have punished you severely. When you commit a like offence I trust you will always receive a similar punish ment." Turning to the poor boy, she commanded his parents to her presence the following morning. They came, aud the result of the interview was, that Her Majesty told them she had made arrangements for educating aud providing tor their son, and she hoped he would make good use of the advantages which would be placed withh) his reach.—Birmingham «Tournal. French and English Surgery.—The following 'anecdote is toM of Sir Astley Cooper. On • visiting the Prencli capital, he was asked by the surgeon en chef of the empire how nwny times he had^ performed a certain wonderful feat of surgery. He replied that he had performed the operation 13 times. "Ah, bat Monsieur, I have dotie him 160 times. How many times did you save hie life ?" continued the curious Frenchman, after he looked into the blank amazement of Sir Astley's face. " I," said the Englishman," saved 11 out of the 33. How many did you save out of 160 ?" " Ah, Monsieur, I looosc dem all, but de operation was very britlmrf" Copenhagen and Cronstadt.—A Con TniST.—The entrance to Copenhagen was protected by a number of vessels moored in line, and flanked on each side by the crown batteries. The fire of these, were crossed by other batteries on the Isle of Amack, the citadel of Copenhagen, and other temporary works. It appsared hardly possible that any 6hips ctuld sustain such a multiplied and tremendous fire. It would nowa days be declared hopeless, and our great and csstlj fleet would hover about in the parade of immense nselessncas. Bat we had a Nelson there then, and the same heroic courage which would have made Nelson dash Into Cron stadt in 1355 made him, on the memorable 2nd of April, 1801, dash in among the batteries, men-of-war, fireships. ,and gunboats of Copenhagen, and even when signalled by his coramander-in-cliief (Sir Hyde Parker), after the battle had raged three hours, to draw offj trinklurd and fight on. Had it rested with Parker we were beaten, but having a Nelson there we won. That is just the difference in result to a mere admiral, an ordinary old gentleman of routine, and i great hero. For four hours' the most terrible battle raged that was ever seen be^ tween sea end land. N«'l<ondeclared that be Jiadhean. in 105 actions, but hi none so terrible as that. . The" Da^es fought with all the sublime courage of.thelrinhi cestors. Tiro thousand cannon poured forth death on' every side. The 1sea of the British, was 200 men j' that of the Danes 3,006, <n killed, wounded,and prisoners.. So say oatr £h? Danes say the loss of the Eng lish m 910; that of the Dull 1,299 (Allen's Hand book), Nay, Danish authors ooutfort themselves with the assurance that Nelson himself itgs beaten, that the-: ojuncil of war held on based his ship decided to draw -off - . with a favourable wind which jostset in, bat that the Crown Prince, no) .knowing the sgal«maitioh-of the English, saved them by accepting. Kelson's .demand for . en armistice. Thus woe we conquered both, at Copen hagen and at Waterloo) and with oar characteristic dol ness did not know it—The result, however, was that fba English ships suffered immense damage, bat the Danish ones, with the exception of the Hols tern, were lall de stroyed, either daring the battle) or after Has unservice able. The town .had besides received great damage. A. trace was entered into for 14 weeks, the only obstacle to a peace being the dread »f the Russian vengeance on the part ofthe Danish Government. -Nelson imme diately went in quest of the Russian Beet which escaped into -Cronstadt, where he would soon have followed It, had not the news of the assassination or Panl, anda demand for a cessation of hostilities on the port of ins successor, put an end to forther action.—Westminster Seeiew. ¥T.vic inTubket.—Fleas are most abundant [ in Turkey at this tlmeof year. Thefloorof my room ia | covered with matting, which makes fine covering for them. There Is one spot where, If 1 put down my .foot or leg, uncovered, the fleas jninp on it directly, and begin ~ 1 to feed faster than 1 can pick them off, which is an un necessary piece of exertion, for others soon take their place. Now 1 am so used to them .as not to mind them in the least. In Constantinople fleas are only prevalent daring the hot season; and I know an altnchi who parodies the first paragraph of "Gibbon's Autobio graphy," by saying," that be is thankful that he lives in the nineteenth century, in a genial climate, just beyond the Tegion of perpetual fleas," for further to the east they are common during all seasons.—Taylor'* Journal of Adaenturee in the Onnco, Flies in the Camp and to Kill thf.m.— The plague of flies in camp is almost unbearable. They accumulate by millions in the huts and teuts, and cause the greatest annoyance. They get into sugar, water, wine, tea, and everything one has. At night they leave one in peace; but no sooner does day dawn, than they awake one by crawling over any exposed part—and in this hot weather who can remain covered ? Nothing but muslin will keep them off one's face, over which they seem to delight in crawling backwards and forwards. There is a melancholy satisfaction inlaying mines or gunpowder, baiting them with sugar, and blowing up a few dozen of them; but it is of no use—where yon kill one, ten come to his funeral.—Taylor"t Journal of Ad venture! in the Crimea. JjOBd Palsieeston and tub Gout.—The London Correspondent of the Licerpool Albion writes anent the Premier:—"It is more true of him this day than it was this day six years that, as Peel said at the finale of the Pacifico debate,' We are all proud of him.*' How few know what he does, and how he does itl Here has he been the whole of this week writhing with the gout, or rather not writhing at all, though suffering in a fashion that wonld cause any other man in Her Majesty's dominions to throw himself into afoc simile of Laocoon, or of you-'g Rislcj when the old one ties him up as a true-lover's knot. Yet there he sits, night after night, as lireiy as any undertaker j up to everything, down upon everybody; ready alike with open palm or clenched fist, for friend or foe, as the case may be, and careless which. The night before, th: great night (of the Kara debate), Palmers ton came in with two sticks—Diablo: Doitauc indeed as it seemed; and a very demon he proved, knocking the opposition blockheads about like ninepins; Up he stood for a mortal hour, gaut and. everything rise included notwithstanding, and never did he acquit himself better since the hour he he was horn, though when that was is long beyond' the mcmoij* of rocu still living." Into that megatherium of the bogs, Boanerges Whiteside, he first drove a couple of ridicu lous harpoons, or harpoons of ridicule, home to the shaft; and accordingly, for the remainder of the discus sion, that stupendous spouter, like Milton's behemoth, lay, floating many a rood,* buoyed up by Pom's jocu larity," The Chinese.—One of the most remarkable circumstances in the history of Tang is the extraordinary power which the eunuchs of the palace arrogated to themselves. The third Emperor was so besotted by one of bis wives that he left tier, invested with sovereign power at his death, contrary to the enactment before made and provided. She reigned for above 20 years ab solutely, leaving her son Emperor; and this vicious and troubled period is another example quoted by the Chinese of the mischiefs which resnit to public affairs from the management of women. Baring her reign, the etmnchs gathered fresh force, and for a considerable time had the choice of the Emperors, and the control of their actions. The influence of such singular rulers must, of course; be referred to the operations of intrigue. The uncontrolled access which their condition gave them to all parts of the palace, and to the company of both sexes, was greatly calculated to facilitate their projects of mischief and dis order, which were the most likely ones to be formed by those who were cut off from the ties of kindred, and sufficiently disposed to regard the rest of mankind as their enemies. The awe of state was not iong felt by such as were the immediate attendants, and perhaps the companions of the Sovereign, in his private naunts, and that barrier once passed, the approaches of insolence and usurpation might advance unchecked.' The power of the eunuchs was at length destroyed by the last Emperor of the race, who, in a great measure, extirpated them, through the assistance of a powerful leader, whose aid he requested. This person fulfilled his commission; but subsequently killed the Emperor and his heir, and altar a course of atrocious cruelties, put an end to the dynasty of Tang, A. n. 899. The whole country was once more thrown into a state of war and confusion with several aspirants to the sovereignty. This period, which lasted about S3 years, is called, in Chinese histories, the ' How Wootae, or latter Five Successions.' The Tartar people of the region, now called teaon- tung, at the eastern extremity of the great wall, encouraged by the unsettled and divided condition of the empire, gave much trouble by their incursions, Fseemasoney and the Rohan Cathoxh? Causes—At Hongkong,otx the 21st of January, the Grand Pre of that city was married in the- Protestant Cathedral to Wtss Ami d'Almeida, of Singapore. Botb the parties were Portuguese Catholics, and had applied in the firstinetance to'the head jiriest of the Catholic Cathedral to celebrate the rite. The rev. gentleman re fused to do so, on the ground that the bridegroom was a Freemason. The Grand Pre, with the hearty concur-' rencc of the lady, took the hold resolution of seeking a reltgioas sanction to the onion at the hands of a minister of the Church of England, the Her. Mr. Odd], himself s Freemason. The China Mail says that the opinion or the Catholic community in the colony was against thfr 1 priest. Lynch Lav? ts Yieginia.—A man, named William Hornbeck, livingin Lewis County, Viu, for the alleged ill-treatment of his family, was lynched by the young men of the neighbourhood. He was taken & lew nights since, by a party of men, who stripped him of* his clothing, and rode him for a length of time in that condition on a mil; he was then taken to a briar-patch fmci made to run through it. Whenever he evinced a disposition to move less slowly, a stout paddle, bored through with auger-holes, was applied, which accelerated. hU movements astonishingly. Tins exercise betug over, a coat of tar and feathers was applied, which Mr. Horn beck was made to wear, much against his wilL During i his operation he tried to faint, but the paddle soon re ttored him to- consciousness; after which he was left j alone in Ids glory—Western (u.S.) Herald. Hiawatha AniTv—Liongfellow's celebrated poem of Hiawatha has created qmle a furor amongst the satirical parodists. A San Francisco paper, smitten by the infection, thns reports the ordinary proceeding's under the head of "Mayor's Court:":— "In the Mayor's Court this morning, Monday morning, bine and blear-eyed. Blear-eyed soakers from the lock-op. Came like FalataQ's ragged army. Came like Walker's filibusters, Came like jilted office-seekers, Came like bargains freshly opened, Slightly damaged from the auction— To receive the mayor's blessing, In a hom (which means^nverted). Stare they all in stupid wonder. Stare they at the rotund mayor, Stare they at the clerk and marshal, Stare they at the lean reporters. Convicts of the city press-gang, Full of sympathetic wonder, Fens for one and pens for t'other, Pens for pence and pence for penance. Pensive all in mala amazement, While the clerk takes up the docket Freighted with the morning's business." It is said that Mr. Thackeray, the novelist, realized the sum of $1,650, over and above expenses, from the five lectures he recently delivered in New Orleans. Something op a Family.—A correspondent of the Uriana Citizen writes from Bourbon county, Kentucky, about a family, as follows:—"The old gentle man is a native of Maryland, and is now in his 70th year; was brought to the State of Kentucky when quite young, and has raised his family in the above county, consisting of six sons and three daughters." He then proceeds to describe the family, all of whom are six feet in height, the tallest being six feet eleven inches, and the lowest (a daughter) six feet two inches—the aggre gate height of the whole of them, eleven in number, being 74 fret. The istker weighs 200 lbs., the mother 255, and the children from 150 to 265 lbs. Their aggre gate weight is 6,500 lbs. The writer adds:—" The family are all living except the youngest daughter, are all wealthy, and or the first families of Kentucky. 1 must add, that several of the grandchildren are over six and a-half ieet^ and still growing." The sword worn by Napoleon, Bonaparte at. the battle of Marengo, in 1800, was purchased by the Emperor Nicholas in 1850, just half a century after that eventful and bloody battle, for the enormous sum of $32,000. The Yictoeian EyrmimoK op Aet.—If any arguments were wanting to prove how desirable it is on the part of a Government to encourage sack an ex-. hibition as that wc propose under the title of the ** Vic torian Exhibition of Art," it is supplied by the pleasing retrospect which history affords, that in proportion as a country has risen to eminence in the cultivation of the due arts has a corresponding benefit attended her ad vancement in commerce and manufactures. A people insensible to the beauties of art, by which more civilized nations are enchanted, are found invariably to fill the lower degrees of degradation, and cither never spring from obscurity, ot dwindle into insignificance. If these •views be correct, it becomes a problem of some interest •to determine in what way it is best for a colony like Vic toria to supply the requisite patronage to develop talent, and raise up aide artists on her sozL Tho most feasible way, as it appears to us, to accomplish this object would be for the Government to ask of the Legislative Council to sanction a yearly grant commensurate with the pur chase of the works of our best colonial artists. - The pictares, statuary, architectural models, and drawings so purchased should form permanent institutions in the different municipalities to which might be given the title of "Victorian Galleries of Art." Such institutions •might be originated in precisely the same way as me chanics'institutes, upon which^thcy might with advan tage be engrafted. They should be open to the public cither gratuitously or at a very trifling charge, and might be made powerful instruments in the formation of public taste. If our present snsgestion meets with any re sponse on the part of'the Government, we hold the time is approaching to cany such into practical effect. On the meeting of the Council a grant will be required for decorating the new Legislative Chambers, and wc be glad to find that the sum granted will he in proportion to the just requirements of that occasion, as well as for the purpose we point out. If. the desire be really to afford encouragement to native talent", it should not be done in a niggardly spirit, for it must be borne in mind that great works alone will create great artists, For these reasons we hope to have to record among the first acts of the new Council a liberal token of encourage ment afforded to our native artists.—Australian Builder* Does the Cap Fit?—Two nights ago toot place the first representation of Poossrd's play of * La lionise," and curious enough it was. "The merits of the production itself^ in a .mere literary- sense, are feeble enough, but it was the scene altogether and the fla gellation of the money-makers that was the curiosity. The Emperor gave another proof of his extreme tact, and his wonderful aptitude for "takingthe bull by the horns" when it is absolutely necessary to do so. Pou sard"s piece could not be forbidden ^ without a positive Bcandal; therefore, as it was to be given, the only thing to do was to seem enchanted.- Accordingly,-the rfMeen being filled with all the official functionaries,-and with persons of the Court, the Emperor, with the Sing of Wurtcmburg and frfnee Napolebiv arrived -very early, and Louis Napoleon's behaviour during the whole per formance was something -quite - worthy-; of remark. There is really scarcely A^iine ia "La Bourse" -which' does not bear> in the most hitter, cutting way, npontfae ■venality and corruption of the present .'Governmcnty it is the satire of what is atyled u1*Tt;gimr-ile-£)eceikbrt?* (as Louis Phlflippe's reign was styled the V^uneoTJaly) ; the Emperor at onci'and-bravelyaflect >d to sepa rate himselffroin the whole offche rest, andapplnndedmtd laughed, and cricd bravo, as though never a shaft ;from ' itoacnnim. -rarw correnjonaeiu <u *« Mandtttter Guardton* 