iAïiisa OF rm FOUNDATION STOWS OF ST, PAU^S COU^QK. The oerejflony of laying the) fir« or foundation, atone af Paul's College, in oonneciiou with ttte University of 9yd.ney, ti Slace,in accordance with, previous announcement,at noon yes ay, in the presenceof a numerous assemblage. The site choi for the edifice is at once picturesque and appropriate ; pict esque, in so far as it commands a prospector the City and « rounding scenery, (inclusive of Ilotany Hay, Cook's itiver, and Blue Mountains to th« westward,*-and appropriate, becausi ita proximity to the University, to which it is an affiliated Inst] tiou. The new building will occupy an elevated position on eastern side of what is at preseut known as the Grose Farm Archdeaconry Paddocks near O'Connell Town, the site be close to the Ñewtown Hood, and about live or six hundred ya in tho rear of the University building, now in progress. Among the company present we noticed, in addition to 1 learned and reverend perwnuages who took a prominent pari the ceremonies, the cbiefofficers of tho Government, tho Judg several members of ino Legislature, various civil and milit officers, and many of our mont influential citizens. Averylaj attendance of the fair sex also graced the ceremony. Shortly after twelve o'clock, his Excellency the Govern General arrived ou the ground, and having been met at I ontraucegate on the Newtown Hoad by th« officials and raver« gentlemen deputed for the occasion, a procesión was form and the party proceeded to the spot in the following order:-'I Beadle; tue Registrar; Students of tho University ; Clergymf .Junior Fellows; the Warden; Senior Fellows ; tho Principals Professors ; the Senate ; Macebearer : the Provoat; the L< Bishop of Sydney; bia Excellency the Oovornor-General g aui.V. During the approach of his Excellency the hand of the X! regiment played several appropriate compositions, and on i arrival at tho site of the proposed building, concluded by playi tba National Anthem. His Excellency, immediately on arrival, descended the sti leading to the foundation stone, which was suspended in I usual manner, and took up a position on the weBt aide. On : right wero the Bishop, the Sonate and Fellows; and on his li tho Chancellor, Warden, and other dignitaries. Tho Lord Bishop af Sydney commenced the proceedings invoking a blessing- upon the work abont to ha undertaken, a afterwards read aloud tba fallowing prayers :- , Prevent na, O Lord, in all oar doings with Thy most gracie favour, and farther us with Thy continued help ; that in our warka begun, continued and ended in Thee, wo may glor Thy Holy Name, and finally by Thy mercy, obtain evorfasti life -, through Jesus Christ Our Lord. Amen. Collect for tlu\it Sunday ajlrr Ttinlty., . . O Gan, the strength of all them that put their trust in Th mercifully accept our prayers; and because through the wei ness of our mortal nature we Can do no good thing without Th grant us the bolp of Thy graos, that In keeping of Thy co mandments we may please Thee, both in will and deed ; throu Jeana Christ Our Lord. Amen. THE CONVERSION OF SAINT PAUL. The Collect, O GOD, who through the preaching of the blessed Apostle Pani, hast caused the light of tbs Gospel to Bhlne throughout t world ; Grant, we beseech Thee, that we. having his wonder conversion in remémbranos, may shew forth our thankfulne unto Theo for the same, by following the holy doctrine which taught ; through Jesus Christ Our Lord. Amen. SAINT SIMON' AND SAINT JUDE, APOSTLES. The Collect, O Almighty GOD, who hast bntlt Thy Church upon the fount lion of the Apostles and Propbots, Jesus Christ Himself bei the head corner atone; Grout us so to be joined together unity of spirit by their dootrino. that we may be made an ht temple acceptable unto Thee ; through Jesus Christ Our Lol Amen. a GENERAL SUPPLICATION*. Almighty and Everliving Con, who hy Thy holy Apostle ht taught us to make prayers, and supplications, and to give than for all men ; we humbly beseech T hea must mercifully to recei theso oar prayers which we offer unto Thy Divine Malest; beseeching Thee to Inspire continually the Universal Chun . with the spirit of traill, unity, and concord ; we pray Thee al to save and defend all Christian Kings, Princes, and Governoi and especially Thy servant Victoria Our Queen :.we beseech Th also to regard with Thy favour His Excellency the dov erm General and all In authority in tills colony, that ia their serei vocations they may truly and faithfully servo Theo to the glory thy Name, and tlie edifying and well governing of the peopl remembering the account that they must one day give. Qi graoa. 0 Heavenly Kothor, to all Ministers of Thy Holy Word ai Sacraments, and especially to the Bishop ana Clergy of tl Unitod Churoli of England and Ireland in this country, that tin may both, by their life and doctrine set forth Thy truo and live word, and rightly and duly administer Thy Holy Sacrament! wo pray for tlie whole poople of this land, that they may live : the true ful th and fear of Thee, in humble obedience to tl Queen, and brotherly charity one to another. And we praii Thee also for all those departed this life in the faith of tihrii and pray Thea that wo may have grace to direct our lives by the good oxnmplo, so that with thom ive may be partakers of tl glorious resurrection, and the life everlasting, through Jest Christ Oar Lord. Amen. O Almighty Goo, whose holy word isa lamp unto our feet an alight unto our path ; Grant, we beseech Thee, that thy trul may direct and sanollfytho hearts and minds of all who mi teach and of all who may hereafter bo taught iii this College, li Thy gracious core never bo wanting, so that in every age, tb may continue to be a Seminary of sound and religious learning. Grant that he, who in Thy good Providence is to be called I tbe governmeutof thia College, may rulo tu Thy fear and love. Grant that the students may bo enlightened by Thy Holy Spir and by Thy blessed Word, and may serve their generation i wise and obedient disciples of au heavenly teacher. Grant unto tho promoters of this pious design that they ma seo the work of their bands prospering nader Thy continui care, and may themselves obtain tho fulness of Thy heaven; blessing. G rant onto all who aro engaged in tho erectioa of this buildin that they mav bo kept, both in body and soul, from all evil, an . may glorify Theo, their Lord and Master. ? We praise Theo for tho mensuro of success which hus thus fu crowned our efforts. We give thanks to Thee that Thon has pu it Into the hearts of Thy servauts to ofTei- liberally for this work we are unworthy to do anything for Thee, but of Thine own hov we given Thee, and we pray Thea to accept this our bounde duty and norvlce not weighing our merits, but pardoning ou offences through Jesus Christ Our Lord ; by whom and wit whom, in the unity of The Holy Ghost, all honour and glory b unto Thee, O Father Almighty, world without end. Amen. Our Father which art in heaven, hallowed be Thy n ime. Th kingdom come. Thy will be dune in eurth, as it is in heaver Give us this day our daily bread ; and forgive us our trespasse ns wo forgive them that trespass aguiust us ; and lead us not int temptation: but deliver us from evil, for thine is the kingdom the power and tho glory, for over and ever. Amen. Tho Warden then approached Sir William Donison, and pre sauted to his Excellenoy an elegantly wrought silver trowel bearing upon it, beneath the collegiate arms and tho motto " Dcnique. C&lvm;," tho following inscription : " Presented to Sir William Thomas Denison, Knight, Governor General of nor Majesty's Australosiaacoloaies.aud Governor in-Chief of the colony of New South Wales, on the occosioi of his Excellency laying the foundation stone of St. Paul'. College, within the Universityof Sydney, on tho 25th January A.». Ittóo." Having rccoivod the trowel at thc hands of tho Warden, th< Governor-Genornl proceeded with the ceremony in the usus form. The stone being lowered to its position, his EXCKLLKNCI said :-" I lay this os the foundation stone of a College within tin University of Sydney, to be called, 'St. Paul's College,'for th« promotion of sound learning and religious training, according to tho doctrine and discipline of the Unkel Church of England and Ireland, in tho name nf tho Fattier, and of the Son, and of thc Holy Ghost. Amen," His Excut-LBscY, having re ascended tho steps, said-Now, having liiished the work of the duy, I may be allowed to say a few words. I have laid tho foundation.stone of a new and important building, and I trust in God I may be blessed to live to see the coping-stone plaood ujion it-(hoar, hear)-and to soe the college Hilad to overflowing with the youth of the colony, who may rush to it and take the benefit of th« advantages which it will afford. I have said that tho collegs was intended for tho inculcation ol Bound learning and rellgiuus training. Those who shall heroafter enmo to tills colony, as wall as thoBO now resldeut in it, will take advantage of this institution for tittlug their son« to occupy the numerous openings to distinction which ure continually present- ing themselves in a uew country. (Hear, hear.) There is a wide openlug for tho application of that information, the bnsie of whioh was laid in such institutions. But tbe ability to bene- fit by tho education Imparted is from God ; and tho students that may enter its walls should bear in mind that tho use tboy make of lue education they reçoive berewillbo asnothlng,indecd it will bo worse, it will be prejudicial rather than useful, if they do not take it o3 tho Kia of God, and apply It to His service, (Hear, hear.) We owe this institution partly to tho liberality of private individuals, and partly to tho judicious munificence of the Legislature thnar, hear) ; but we must look for ita extension to those who will devoto a part of their means to supportan insti. tutlou by means af wblob their children and children's children will receive a sound and religious education. (Hear, hear,) To the want of an institution such as this, and a university such os wo seo rising lu Ute neighbourhood, and u subordinate institu- tion-a grammar Behool-to the want of such institutions as these we owe m null of the ovil that has beset the children of the colony; by the parents being reduced to the neceaÍHy, of sending , their children to far distant institutions-to the niother cottntry to receive a suitable éducation, or giving them such a training as it was possiblo to do at their own homos. Now, there are two great evils that ottond such alterna- tivas. By tho Ural coursa-sanding the children to the mother, oountry-tho parent loses all check or control ovortheni. It is beyond his power to watch over his child's moral and re'.igious principles, thoso principles on which Iiis prospority most depended. Uy tba child hoing Bent from homo, aUo, he loses the development af those domestic advantages on which morality and religion aro based. Ou Ibo other band, suppose the parent keeps his child nt boroo, the effoot invariably ts to encourage the growth of arlflsh fooling*. The child, in this caso, losas the benefit of the rubbing off of the edgoB whioh every boy expe- riences who attends a public school. Instead of looking ou himself as a member of society, ho ls led to look on himself as a dissociated individual, and his feelings then altogether centre lu himself. I do not know which of tho two cases ls the ' worse. Both are, though differently, equally hod. lu my own experience I have felt the hardship under which a parent suffers from the want of proper educational institutions in the colony. I havo been obliged to send my children tJ Enropo to bo educated; bat I looked on the evil of sending them away as so great, that I would not have sent them, if it had not boen that 1 could send them to friends that , would love, would feel an interest in them, and havo a proper caro for their mond and religions training, while thev would at tho same . imo attend t» tho development of their i'lo:ocstic affections. Dull would not have sent thom at all had there been in these colonies such a school as I trust and pray the one to be raised on this spot will prove to be, as it is intended to be_ and having snch a character ss would have warranted me in en- trusting my children within its wrdls. Dy laying this foundation stone thia day, we have mode the second st eil in advance; tile first step wns mada -wheu a similar ceremony was performed with respect to tho magnificent University rising b.-fore us-and that may have beon patting on tho cope-stone before laying the foun- dation. Howtver, the Ürst and second steps have been taken, and tho third, tho foundation of a grammar school, romains to be taken. Now when these are tho stops that have been taken I trust such a spirit will be evince 1 for the furtherance of educa- tion, that at no distant period we shall s'o n*t a college but colleges; not a grammar school but trranunnr schools, not a University bret Universities established throughout the length nnd breadth of the colony- (Hear, boar.) And when these uro well established and we have got in men or ability, from bottom to top we will see a better state of things pervading the colony-then the blssslugs of education will Bproad rapidly through the whole mass or tho roiomunitv and the prospect for all the youth of the colony obtaining such a degree of learning-and that learning of such a kind aa will enable them to devote their energies and abilities to benefit their native country. All I shall say in addition is, that I will rejoice to se« such a day. or to bear of it; and I ossnre yon thot no effort on my part shall be wanting to accelerate so desirable a time. The Legislativo Council has shown such a liberality and judgment in farthering the establishment of educational instita tions that tho people msy safely trust to their representatives carrying ont their general scheme,- over the whole colony (Hoar, hear, aad applaase.) . Hi- Lonlfhlp the Iltsuop or STDSET then came forward and B(!°£B ÎÎ follows:-May it please your Excellency, in tba nomo of aU the friends and all who are interested in the success of Sr. Paul's College, I beg to lander to voa their sincere and cordial thanks for the important service .your Excellency has rendered to at this day; and also for the kindness- and conlialitr with which it has been rendered. (Hear, beor.) lint indeed "ws -could hot have expected less from one who bas ever distinguished himself by great .wiuingne-s, activity, and energy in supporting every good Idevait aa ««U tv« ca th« «UoerHx af M» «AUokjnnl la ,v. hear.) Twruwsp tawdi WuRnceUenoy, hi« I^Ashiu MW-I fief assured you will never have occasion lo Ttgret; »nd I trust iou . will long lire lo have many occasions or congratulating yourself , on the important part you hove taken in the proceeding* of thia : day. (Hear, hear.) It is a day indeed greatly to bo remembered : iu the history of education in this counlry. A more important ' work lt is not possible to conceive of, for it is nothing les» thou laying the foundation of all social order and the true well-beinr of Ibis country ; or if not laying the foundation, al least extend' : ing the foundations on which the trae well being of the colon? may for over rest. If we dosire intelligence, love of law and order, industry, and sobriety, and all thu elements that create a nation's greatness, we must seek those from tba moraliu i which has it* true source, ils only source, in the knowledge < and love of Cod. (Hear, bear.) A nation may be wealth? and very mighty; it may in ono smse be great, but it eau ; never be permanently wise, happy, and prosperous lu the sight of God, unless ils institutions are founded orí i the Christianty which ia from abovo ; and unless its young mea ; are trained in the true source of tho wisdom and godliness of the knowledge alone found in the word of God. We therefore hail il I a« a happy oman that on the eve of celebrating tho foundation of ; this colony, we are met to lay the foundation of 8t. Paul's Colbee I -a college iu which the youth of this colony will be hereafter ! trained ; and th»t on St Paul's day, we proceed to establish an I institution, that shall bear the name or the greatest of tke Apostles i and in which «hall be perpetuated the doctrine*, and the eoa> i lineas taught by that Apostle, bia Master, and his predecessors. 1 , therefore bail our doing so aa a happy omen; and I I trust the history of tho Colloge will ia future be in accordance with the auspicious proceedings or this day. (Hear hear.) And I trust the time may be far distant when tho highest professions-civil, legal, ecclesiastical, and I may add military, shall ever in this colony be dissociated from the doctrines or the Great Apostle ; and from an interest in the Cellege or St. Paul. We have great reason to congratulate the pro- moters nf this college en tile success that has attended their efforts Sarticularly io the obtaining of funds. I beg to congratulate th» hief Justice on the success or bis labours in this 'Undertaking . and (addressing Archdeacon Cowper) I beg also to congratulate' you, venerable servant pf the Lord, on the proceedings of Uti* day. A greot part of your life bas been bound un In tho history of this colony, an.l your name is associated with some of the events ef Its earliest days; and will be had in honour when you and your descendant* «nail hare ceased to exist. I congratulate you,venerable sir, on this occasion that you, who have seen so many changes in this part of the world, are «pared to be present with us thia ila;. (Hetr hear.) I earnestly pray tuuttbe youth nf this colony may in St Paul's College receive a godly education; «nd I trust that li may please God to send and continue his blousing on the labours or the friends of this institution ; may it please tho Olver ofevrry Îlood and of every perfect gift to send us a warden, who in the anguoge of the prayer that has been offered up will rule this college in the fear and love ortho Lord ; ODO who, himself taught in the Behool of the Apostles, might be addressed by the great master of learning and morality as he addressed his saa in th* failli-'" Be thou sn example to the believers, in word, in con- versation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, lu purity." It was sali] by a Divine of Holland, in the last century, that the recollection of his preceptor always placed him in the presence of his God ; that it\ was not possible for him to dissociate the idea of ki« heavenly Master from the recollection of his earthly preceptor . may it be the happiness of this college to receive within its wall* a nordon who sholl do honour to the name by whloh this insti- tution is to bo named ; and if thia . be so, I trust there may be still greater union and cordiality among the varions religious bodies into which Hie community is divided, and that under such a spirit other college* will speedily arise . beside St. Paul's. (Hear, hear.) Affiliated Colleges are necessary by reason or tho unhappy divisions that prevail among us ; but still it moy bo said that there la one broad mormure,-ono common ground on which religions instruction may be by all imparted to the youth of this community, And if it bo so, ir the instruction given in this Col- lege is based ou the Word or God, if it springs from and is ani- mated by the spirit of those principles derived from the Word of God, I know of no better thing that, any parent could desire for his son than that he should receive the education,-and, if he con, corry away all the rowards,-Ibis institution can afford. In conclusion, I again beg leave tu congratulate your Excellency on the port you have taken in the proceedings of this day; and. .to add. the expression of my sincere wish that the course of your Government may be so ordered, that you may see the fulfilment of tho foremost wish of your heart, lu witnessing the Intellectual and moral and religious advancement of this oolony. (Hear, hear, and applause.) His K,XCHI,I.ENCV lu reply said-My Lord Bishop, I can hardly express my thanks, for the manner lu which you hove been pleased to speak'of me on this occasion. I confess that I do not feel thu I have any claim tu be thanked for performing Bucha duty ail hove been called upon to perform this day I consider that it «ts my duty to do as I have done, and therefore feel that hod I re- frained from taking a port In the important ceremouy, I should have been guilty of neglecting a duty. Believing that the prosperity of the colony depends upon the morality and good conduct of tho Inhabitants, and the morality or tho inhabitant* upon their religious spirit, I reel I should have been failing in tli3 discharge of my daly to the colony had I not done, ali in ny powo.* to contribute to the establishment of suoh on institution as St Paul's College. [Hear, hear.1 His Lordship tho Bunni- or SYDS'tv then pronounced the following benediction : May tho peace of God, which passeth all understanding, keep your hearts and minds in the knowledge and love of God ana of his Son Jesus Christ our Lord ; and tbs blessing of God Almighty, the Fattier, Son, and Holy Ghost, ha among you and remain with you always. Amen. This terminated tho ceremony of laying tho foundation stone of the College and the assemblage having rotlred to the large tent adjoining, The CHIEF JUSTICIE rose, and said, they were met tn celebrate the laying or the foundation stone of St Paul's College; birt perhaps they had not sufficiently remembered that that institu- tion was in connection with the great and noble institution la the vicinity, the University of Sydney, that lt formed a part of that University ; and ho therefore proposed that not merely should t hey enjoy a visit to tue noble building in tho neighbourhood, but that they should give three hearty cheers to denote their good wishoH for tho prosperity of that institution, and express their thanks to nil who had been connected with tho proceeding« of that day. Thc proposal was cordially responded to. A similar demonstration of loyalty towards the Queen was also expressed, after which The CHIEF JUSTICK proposed three cheers for th* Governor-General, who had dons them the honour' of attending at the ceremony which bad called thom together, aud discharged the duty of laying the foundation stone with so . much heartiness and so well. He (tho Chief Justice) would not attempt to make any speech, especially after the eloquent address they hail hoard hy his lordship the Iliahop. Besides that was not the time to dwell on the difficulties the pro- jectors of the building had had to contend with. However, he might ho permitted to soy that but for ibe largo amount of sub- scriptions that had been raised, it would not yet have been in thoir power to undertake the building, or for the Legislature to have extended to them its munificent aid. He spoke as one or six fellows, in whom, nuder the warden, would be vested the government of the college. Therefore in the thanks that were due from them, they must remember the member« of tho Legislative Connell for their kindness, and also the liberality of private individuals. By those combined means they had boen enabled to proceed with the work. Their pro- ceedings that day were in furtherance of orlncation, religion, and morality; sud at auch a time it was not inappropriate to notice tbnt they were on the eve of great and impartant changes in the history of the colony. The community wore now called upon te- enier upon a course of self-government, and one of the objects of St. Paul's College would bo the preparation of those who would conduct Gie high functions of the colony. 8eeing they were about to make such a change in the conduct of the pabilo business, it became the inhabitants to be careful in the sélection they mode of men to govern them-choosing those who from experience, learning, and ability wera qualified to hold auch distinguished positions. ? Tho compnny then gave three cheers for his Excellency the Governor-General. ilia KXCEIXKNCT Bold ho was deeply grateful indoed for tn« kind manner in which the company had complimented him; aud he hoped that In some years afterwards when they came to part a similar good feeling woald exist between them. In conclusion he begged to propose. three cheers for . tho. Chancellor of the University. The proposal having been heartily replied to, . ? . . , Slr bitAiii.Es NiciiotsoH Bald he felt deeply indebted to bi» Excellency aud the meeting, for the compliment they had paid him He begged to assuro them that it cheered bia heart to witness tba laying of tho foundation stone or the first affiliated College, in connection with the University. He trusted the example that had that day been Bot, would speedily be followed by the other great denominations In tho city. As they wore with- out the mcaus of drinking healths, he begged to propos» three obeers for Lady Denison. .... '., , Tin oe hearty cheers were accordingly given aa proposed; and the assembly shortly afterwards dispersed. T,i. Subsequently a considerable number or the lttd.'es.a°d.?«°UB: men present at the ceremony, visited the Lniveraity building, ai j suggested by his Honor the Chief Justice. The foundation stone of St Paul's College is WiJ «}aspot about one-third along the north-east side of the building. Ul« three feet square, by two feet tlilck, i* from thei quarries at PST mont,and bears tho following inscription. ' ST. T£ LEOK, jAMiunY »TU, 1800." It was prepared by Measra. Hoto*» and Couey, the contractors, under whom the new University building is proceeding BO satisfactorily. The ««««ion »as fifteen ?eet square ut the surface, and gradually diminished by steps on each1 side to about nine feet. Ia the centre of the square was an excavation about a foot deep, into which th eatone wis lowered, on a bed of limo. Contrary to all previous custom there was nó cavity in the eum» lu which to place any documents 