SELECT POETRY. CORDUROY. (BY THE SHADE OF THOMAS CAMPBELL.) At last the dreaded hour is come, That brings me on to thee; I see the planks traversely laid, I mark each riven tree. It jars my nerves—it shakes my heart, My joints are out of gear, Yet must we pass o'er Corduroy Or camp for ever here. I tremble at my awful doom, While others hoarsely swear; To hope to pass across alive, Is more than I can dare. Oh, Corduroy! Oh, Corduroy! With such a heavy load; What leathern springs can stand the strain, Upon thy rugged road? Your furrows deep and ridges high, Like corrugated zinc, Must be some vengeful fiend's device To torture man, I think. Oh! little did I once suppose That I should feel the rack, And writhe, while all my ligaments And sinews snap and crack. Another shock! oh, when shall I A moment's respite feel? My torments, like St. Catherine's, Are all upon the wheel. The driver mocks my moans and groans; The passengers all curse; My mouth is filled with liquid mud, And theirs with something worse. Another jolt, just like the last, My life will quite destroy: It comes!—My ghost shall haunt the man Who laid this Corduroy. Melbourne Punch. Mit. Howard's Benefit.—Tliis popular coinedia" takes his first benefit nn JJendijjo tliis evening nt the Criterion Theatre. During his engagement here lie ha" appeared ill characters the performance of which does liiin niucli credit. To speak of tliom now sermtim would be superfluous, as nil who liuve attended the t Ileal re during tlie lust season are well nwere of his merit, and wi: )iav<> no doubt will evince a "striking proof" by a full attendance this evening. Those who have seen liim as Jem limjtjs or Aminiiiltib Stuck will look forward with interest to his Paul 1'rtj this evening. No danger of intruding, gentlemen, I'mil will have all that to him self ! There is every assurance from the bill, which may be seen in our advertising columns, that u plea saut evening nuiy be passed as well as slight compensa tion be furnished for the past services and endeavors to please of a very excellent comic actor. Mr. Howard in comedy lias been the life of the company nt the Criterion Theatre, and we trust that the public will show their appreciation of liis abilities by a house equal to the occasion. The American Annivehsaby Bam..—The ball last evening at the Camp Hotel, Engleliawk, went olT ex cellently well. The room was well filled, and with a select company. Our American friends were full of life and eucrgy, as, indeed, they always are, and, to tlieir credit, full of patriotic Bentimcnt, and did the nsual honors to the usuul patriotic toasts as enthusiastically as over. CUISESE Contributions to tub —Our roporter scorns to have been labouring under a mistake when ho stated that Mr. Standish, tlie Chinese Protector, Imd raised X'200 from tlie Chinese resident on Bemligo, to assist in erecting a new hospital, Tlie sum is not yet actually raised, but it is to be. John Chinaman is to have an opportunity of contributing a shilling per head towards an institution which will of course be available for his countrymen a3 well as others. The idea is a' good one, and we are only sorry that we aro mistaken in saying that it was realised. However, there is no doubt that Mr. Standish will be able to raise the sura stated, if not a little inore, Elkctohai, Matters.—It is now pretty generally supposed that Pvke and Hitchcock will be the two mem bers for Castlemliine. Mr. Pykq is a favorite on Forest Creek, and a stranger would have little chance in the field against liim. Mr. Hitchcock, though not invited, has come into the lield. A committee appointed ut a public meeting to look out for proper men have, after looking all round the country for candidates, resolved to support Mr. Hitchcock.—Aliner's Right. Electoral.,-"-A numerously signed requisition has been presented to Mr. John Allan, from the electors of the North-Western Province to sit in the Upper House. Mr. Allan has issued an address in which he accedes to the wish of the reqiilsitionists, and enters fully into his views on the squatting, educational, railway, and other questions.—I bill. Quartz Minino in California.—A late California paper says :—•' The information which we gather from the inland papers, anil from intelligent persons ex perienced in the business, establishes the fact that the auriferous quartz mines iu the State are paying hand somely beyond all precedent. We are told on good authority, that out of some fifty or sixty mills now iu operation there is scarcely one that does not remune rate its proprietors for any reasonable investment, while others are yielding treasures that stagger belief. In one instance, the owners of a mill are averaging eight thou sand dollars a-week, in another live thousand. Such brilliant prospects as these ought surely to invite tl>e investment of capital, and make this one of the most important and extensive branches of business in the State. Little or nothing has been said upon this sub ject of hue, because those engaged iu it have been quitely working to their full satisfaction, and so had no desire to electrify the world with glowing accounts of the riches embedded in their claims, and tlie ease with which purchasers, for an iusiguillcaut sum, could ex tract it." Theatricals in' Tasmania.—A correspondent writes : "Don't send such omiuent aud excellent actors as Mr. Brooke over lierc—please don't. If you have n sur plusage of acrobats, circus-riders, comic singers, nud mountebanks, our market maj* absorb a portion of vour superfluity; but for such first-class articles in thchis trionic Hue as Sir. Brooke and Mrs. Heir there is posi tively no demand. If that actor would only condescend to dance a hornpipe, or to stand upon his head, amidst a blaze of fireworks, there would be some chance of his success; hilt, you see, he either cannot or will not, anil —his engagement is a failure. If a certain little poodle, again, could be induced to walk upon its hind legs, with a short pipe in its mouth, ami a pewter pot in its paw, 1 Othello' (compressed into one act, and enlivened by tUe introduction of a buffo sang and a grotesque dance) might go down as an afterpiece; but, as it is, it docs not, and <ju'~ voulez vous' Then, again, Mr. Brooke and Mv. ^.".d Mrs. lleir entered Tasmania free, and Uuw could they hope to succeed ? You should haye heard Mr. B. advance to the footlights last night (Wednesday evening), ill the ' Stranger,' and deliver the passage—' Fool, fool, fool! To be persuaded to , exhibit myself again before these asses !' Believe me, 1 it was really fine.' ''—Argus, Thk Holidays.—The two holidays, Tuesday and yes terday, but especially yesterday, was well obrerved by"the Castlemaniaus. Last uiglit, despite of mud,in many places knee deep, our town had all the appearance of a gala night. In the morning, our new hotel, the Royal, was decorated with numerous national flags, banners, and drapery, with appropriate and patriotic mottos, forming a coup (fowl creditable to the taste of the landlord, niul worthy of the occasion. Opposite the Theatre a splen did bonfire was lighted, and a series of brilliant fire works displayed, including the good old jubilant fashion of rolling lighted tar barrels round Market-square. The Freemasons' Tavern was illuminated with a most elegant device, the three front windows bearing the royal and imperial initials " V. N.," with one of the best exe cuted imperial crowns in the centre wiudow we ever saw. At the Commercial, every window was studded with eaiulles ; and from the great number of windows in that splendid hotel, it ha,d a most imposing effect. The fire-works were got up by public subscription, under the superintendence of a very active young gentleman. We may mention that the rain, " for this night only," for many a night, did not throw a damper over the fire works, nor the patriotism and loyalty of Her Majesty's subjects.—Miner's Eujht. The Peace Holiday.—Yesterday passed off much in tlie same mannev as every other proclaimed holiday, but it certainly- was much more generally observed than the previous or " Separation" day. Business of nil kinds was almost totally suspended, and even in some of ihe most remote streets, there was a very general closing ol' shops. The St. .James's joy hells pealed forth occa sionally, and tho review attracted many to the south side of the Ymra, The weather was unfavorable, and a. few showers of rain operated us a damper upon su burban excursions; nevertheless the omnibus trade did a good stroke of work. There was no public celebration iu the evening, but the'theatres and concert rooms were encouraged with a more than average influx of visitors. The Royal was litearlly crammed. Tho Union Motel in Bourke-street, made a gay desplay of (lugs, and lighted up ft brilliant V.I!, in gas> A few other illuminations were attempted, but " the light of other days1' was by no means generally apparent.—TTcrahl. Political.—\Vo hear that a requisition is in course of signature at Emerald Hill, inviting Mr. I.). Blair to ad dress a public meeting there iu order to afford the elect ors an opportunity of making his political aixiuaiiitaiHV. Wo do not think that this is exactly u proper course to pursue. Such preliminary stages should be private, nut public. We understand also that Mr. \V. Abercroiulne. Direcior of the New Bank, is coming forward for Tislbot, and Mr. Boyle, barrister, will stand for Williamstown, in opposition to Mr. Foster.—A proposition has been made to the electors of Bendigo to raise the properly qualification for Dr. Owens. Mr. T. S. Cope, barrister, is to be prosoutcd with a requisition for North Grant, in opposition to Mr. Humttray.—Aye. j Onk of tub Miseries ok Human Likk.—Being a compositor on a newspaper, and having to insert the marriage of tlie girl you love with a man old euough to_be her father i—he is rich and you arc poor. Thejconvoyancc of troops to Algeria continues nearly "every 'day. On Monday, 550 men, belong ing to vaiiousVcgimcnts embarked at Marseilles on board the. Louqsor for I'iiiilippcville, Another vessel was to leave the next day with part of a regiment which had arrived f^oin" Lyons. 