ESCAPE Ol' ?JJOHJSINSKí,* THE BOHEMIAN ... : . 'MONK. - . ?A lotter lotely-published in n contemporary journal, alluding to'tho existing taws of Austria, as nifcutcd h> tho recent Concordat, mentions tho casa of tho llohaminn monte, Dorzinski, and wonld seem to imply that, in con. sequence of tho genornl indignation, of Protestant Germany, tho Austrian government lind contrivod to allow tho escape of their victim. Dut the truth is, that both tho oceloslnstionl and civil nuthoritios hnve remained unmoved, nnd that instead of receiving nny soorot nid from their minions, tho enptivo has escaped in splto of their vigilance through his-own dexterity, coupled with tho oncourngomont of a sympathising friend. Tho simplo fnots 'of tho case,: as rolated by himself, hnvo boen published ;in tho Christian -Times,- which aro boro abridged. ? ..? .? It appears that on tho visitation of tho monastory by tho Provincial of the.Ordúr in duly last, John Evangelist Ilorzinski "was trcatod, though imprisoned in tho mad. house, as if stilt one of the Brothers of Mercy. Tito fact of his Protestantism,-with its oonsoquont prlvilogos,' wos completely ignored, mid ho wns advised to consider what ho lind dono. ; "Your, .vow ns, a . monk,", said '< tho Provincial,1 "is indissoluble, and -is' binding on you ns long as you liva." . lioforo lonving, the Provincial also Sont a ennon, Dittrich, to inform tho prisonor that if ho persisted in his wicked purpose ho would, 'f noyer, nóvor, under nny : condition : whatsoever,", ho ruloascd from confinement; " mid,'.' added tho canon, " I quito agree tn his determination. Givo not yoursolf up. to vain hnposl Tho Stnto cannot.do nuything for you; for tho dooroo givon by tho go ve rn rn ont grants to pi-fasts only, biit not to membors of an ardor,- tho liborty of going over from ono Christian confession to another. - I .do not Ira. llevo - you havo , boon ,rocoirod Into tho Protestant Church." - On tho 8th of Augnst tho- snmo ndvloo was again tondered, and, on IJorzlnski replying > that " what ho would do, that ho had already dono y that ha did not repent > tho/ stops ho lind hikon, and. would die n Prdtostnht, not a Catholic," tho-Provincial nuswored, "That it-wan his duty, thou,, to soo that hp was novor reloasod, and lint that duty li» would strictly perform." Several sucoossivo intorviows with,different, mombors of tho'order sarved only to shoo* moto cjonrly that tho law would bodospiriud, and, that nothing ¡but a oruol nnd lingering fato-awaited bim. - jAt this junelttro an indivl. dual, whoml for obviousl reasons ÍJoiv.InsU, does.; not pointedly,dnsignato, suggested tito ,nccos8Íty of escapo, nuil lifter duo- consideration, it wan resolved to attempt it,,: 'i'lto first attompt failed ; thosooond suocoodcJ'; and the fol lowing is tho nooouu t in his own words, as translated fnmi the German i-j- i i ., - .-i On: Munday, October,,1&V; I ropoatcd my. attempt, tn oscnpo at thu window, and got tutu the court, bat full of terror. :;Such ¡fear and ,tr»nibllng, however, seized mo ithnt'I «mid Mut movo n stop, ami was obligad bi lia down nit tho grmtndl in ordor to rest , mid lo tako breath. 1 gotiiip. tonk oil'my hrots, and, nlthuugh lt npponrod lm iiiissihlo fur mn to walk, yet i moqutoil the staircase landing, tu tho llrst floor, nnd gut to tho pnssngn whore .tho colls,(if.thc monks aro fltuntcdj which 1 openod'wlth ii kay 1 had bean, ahlo'to pniquro ; but boro, in this well, known passngo, n fearful trembling selzod mb. . I wont, or rn thor: siloaked, Uko: n ghost bofaro tho doors of tho .monks of tho;iBooond and third passtigo, in many of whoso cells ibero wns.[still - a light,burning, my boots In ono hand,-nutl any moans for flight in, the other, nnd tl«.*j the-«', fourth, passage "to <-, tho window. Tho rope iwns .imlokly - fastened, to tho frome of! tho window, but in;th|) greatest fear, for, tho window orenks drondfulljv ns, it, ls seldom or novor ,opotiod. 1 wns ?groauyifrluhtuneih at jieroolvliig a light in tho room of . tho (divslclnii of, l/ini motinsloiy, dlslnnt only about two .stops-from tho window, and fully oxneeted that on hoar. I lng tbo nolso ho would run out of lils room mid selau imo./;Ii had al ready, determined lu such nu, un for I ttiniitoii oiiHu -tu , on treat .him tp/ lol mo osenpe. ! Thoro was no uouQatdty,- .,lio was, porliaps, rortdtwj U .> *«*»*Í.11 .? i» .->'.< ?< -i'll i ? .«r. i "(-,--( . , i < , -, ; bed, or drinking-bis glass of beer, and dill not care to put himself to the least trouble. Also another brother of tho order, whose room wa« only about five steps from tho window, did not hear tho noise mode on its being opened, ond cnmo not out of his cell. After my cord WOB fastened I was obliged to look if there were not persons passing ; for, although tho placo is in genornl pretty solitary, yet persons moot boro from four different sides. In this most anxious position it hnpponed that ono person after another passed, BO that I was obliged to wait above a quarter of an hour in tho greatest feor before I could lot mysolf down from the window. .Tho greatest terror seized mo as I heard the clock striko a quarter to ton, for at ten I was to be in tkeliouso whore I was to put on other clothes, because after this timo tho houso-door would not bo left longer open. Where could I go without a covering on ray head, and in a most suspicious dross? . I called on my Saviour in prayer, made the sign of the holy cross, took tho ropo in both hands, nnd slid down, scarcely knowing how. I stood on ground out of tho monastery, but could scarcely believo it. : A look to Heaven and a deep sigli of thanks wore my Bhort prayor. With God's help 1 reached at tho propor time the house whoro I was to chango my dress, and. whoro some of its many inhabi- tants woro expecting mo with burning hearts. Thoir faces flushed with joy ns I entered. After a Bhort con- versation I changed my clothes, and made myself ready for my journey.. At threo o'clock in tho morning I took a hearty leave of my friends'and walked slowly through .tho gloomy venerable, capital of Bohemio towards'the Porzitsohor-gato. About liáif-past four, ns I was not fur from tho Invalidenhuus, ,thd;<Jilige'nco which goos from Prague to Boichenborg, overtook ino. There woro somo places empty, mid I got in. I arrived at half- past eleven ot night at ltolabjmberg, and had not tho least difficulty tho wbolo of tho way. Tho next morning I took n carriago to convoy mo to Eriodlnrid, and nt half-post ton arrived at tho house of a good friend, who accompanied mo over tho frontiers into Prussia." ¡ John Evangelist Borzinuki once moro breathes freely among Protestant friends, but wo regret to add that his brother Ubaldus, for similar offences, is still condemned to a m i semblo existence within the walls of tho very monastery from which bo has so happily escaped. Nor is Ubaldus tho ouly victim of priestly tyranny suffering thore. Threo others nro mentioned by nnino :-" Tho Augustin monk, Priost Joachim Zozule, confined for tho last 22 years as a madman, although in the full posses- sion of his understanding, and without having over, com- mitted tho least crime. Czerwonka, priest of tho Order of tho Pinrists, who hos lost his reason from tho beat- ings ho has endured. Ho has received ns many strokes, as throe men could havo home, and has had much to suffer from hunger. Spiegel, a secular priest, who was ohaplnin in tho diocoso of Prague, and who is said not to have lived on good terras with tho cook (mistrossj of his parish priest. Ho was sent to St. Goorgo, in Prague (tho House of Correction for priests), and ihoro throw away his breviary. Ho was, therefore, imprisoned as a madman in tho Monastery of tho Brothers of .Mercy. HO is now completely deranged."., _' THE NEW TIIEATKE BOYAL.-That Aucklund, a city ol' considerable wealth, importance, on4 fashion-the capitol of a highly-prosperous colony, should bo almost destitute! of public amusements-should bo tho very .porsonification of tininess, bas often boon remarked ns an extraordinary fact, both by tho old resident mid the now arrival. . To tho numerous class-who havo como1 from tho neighbouring colonies, and who have soon, in a vory fow years, a tasto spring up; and be nlmost .univer- sally disseminated ' among the population, for musical and theatrical entertainments and for otlior varieties of evening' recreation; the dulncss pervading tho atmosphere of Auckland has been particularly'difllcult of comprehen- sion. Tho implied reproach oxists, however, no longer, for^ thanks to tho enterprise of1 Mr. Poley, Auckland dan now","boast "of n very pretty theatre, far superior, indoed,.. td_ anything that Molboumo or Sydnoy could bpast of, in tho early years of their existence. Tho thoatro, willi its adjuncts, 6tnnd3 upon n spneo of 100 feet hy 60, of which tho main building occupies 80 by -IO. A : :neat, -roomy :stago, tastefully- ornamented, nnd the scenery of which is npproprinto i nnd exceedingly woil painted, diminishes by 30 feet thc portion of tho struc- ture devoted to tho accommodation of tho public, but leaves sufllcient room for tho accommodation of 700 spectators'. Tho pit, which is ca pablo of holding up- wards of OOO porsous, is well seated, and scorns to ho the favourite pnrt of tho house. Tho boxos and dress circle form a gallery, with a sopara (o entronco ; tho lutter, tho prico to which is now reduced io ¿Ive . shil- lings, boing'capablo of scating 72 persons, and fitted up with every view to convoniouco . and comfort.' I Enoh ticket is nccorapnniod by n number, winch indicnto.w tho sent to bo occupied throughout tho cvoning - a system which enables tho occupant to leave, temporarily without finding, on his roturn, bis sent tnkon up, and which effectually pre- cludes tho annoyonco nttondnnt on over-crowded honchos. , Tho scats aro backed and cushioned; tho floor carpeted; visitors shown to their scats by tm at- tendant; and every arrangement , mado that is likely to conduce to tho comfort of tho audience. Though not profusely ornamented, tho theatre has nit air of extremo neatness, and tho front of tho islngo, especially when, between tho nols, tho drop spone; in which tho nrms of England nro surrounded by Ibo-ilugs of Frnnoo, Turkey, mid America, forms part, of tho picture, nppenrs to very pleasing effect. So much , nt present for tho building, tho orection of which must hnvo involved a heavy ont lay, nnd of which, wo will only. nJd that it is ono,of which Auckland tnny well bo proud. Tho. opening night, ns most of our readers nro aware, was Monday, tho Ord instant.-New Xealander, Mnrolt 12. A FllKNCHMAN'S SKKTCII OF T1UIBF. EMOLIS!! WOIIK MHN,-Tho' first i« that of a London cutler; tho second, a Ilorbysbiro iron-founder; tho third, n Shofllold outlor. - Tito London cutler, to bo near Iiis master, li vos in .a. smoll dark streot between Fleet-street and tho 'Phamos, in Whitefriars. But-witera his muster lives, M. Io Piny does not point out.: The children of tho London cutler go to play in tho Temple Gurdon from (1 to 8 iu tho ovcuing. Else thoy hnvo no fresh nir.or exercise ut nil. The clergyman never goos neur this cutler, who is totidly destitute of religious , knowledgo, and who never enters a church. All that, wo fenr, ntny bo but too tnto. Ho HVOB in n house, nil to ! himself, for which ito pnysnweoklyrotit of niuo shillings and sixpence halfpenny, "inoluding wntor-rate." lie lives with hts family, iu tho kitchen or cellar; tho learned ongincor's . terra for this part ., of tho cutler's mansión being rather ambiguous ; . nnd ho lots a room .on tito third storey to,,his brother, nt tho sum of ono shilling and a halfpenny a-wcok. Tho total area of oneil stage or storoy is thirty two squnro foot niuo inches nnd a bewildering decimal. ; His property-which may mean Iiis tools-is worth seven r°"n,lsi thirteen shillings, nnd fivopeiioo farthing, and tho frautlon of a farthing which has no English I ropresoiitotivo. Our cutler bas twenty- four towels; but loss linen gonorally than would bo found among thc santo class in Gormany or Prance. His furnlturo is of mahogany, nnd worth twonty-four pounds, thirteen shll f lings,nnd eightpence halfpenny.Weincludo two umbrellas,' n white metal teapot,'a bailer, worth two shillings and a halfpenny ; nnd other 'things in tho samo proportion. I The family is vory sobor, bolong* to tho Odd Fellows' ' Socloty, mid earns ninety-nine pounds, seven toon shillings, and eightpence in tho year. It goes to tho porks on Sun- day, and onco n-yonr to tho, theatre; twico in tho year to I Groonwich-which two journeys costit five shillings, four I ponnios, nnd a fraction of a farthing. , Its wholo expendi- ture for omusouiotit, or recreation, including n gooso und plum-pudding nt Christmas nnd, toys for tho ohildren, amount in tho yoar to ten sldllings, teri'pemiloa, tinco farthings and a fraction. Afterwbich fetit of calculation, lot us take breath, and wondqr at M. lo Ploy's mistakes of fact, arid his portentous pretencos of noottrnoy in figures. This London eu tlot's. wardrobe is n curiosity; bis wlfo's. mora so. Ho lins n now bltto cloth frock cont ovory threo years, fdr Sundays. It «oats just ono pound. Ho has a blaok .cloth waistcoat and trousers to match, onoo every tlvo years ; tho waistcoat costs nina and four, penco halfponny, tho trousors oost ono pound olght and fourpence. Evory now yosr Ito lias n llnnnol waistcoat, two now shirts, two pairs of cotton drawers, and three pairs of stockings, nlso rouowed yoarly. He linn threo pair« of boots in two years, the monding of which costs throe shillings nnd a hnlfpenny ovory yosr. Tho woman hos a dark merino gown ovrry two yours ; two oottnn dresses ovory your; three aprons,,threo pairs of cotton stockings, and ns ninny woolton ones, nlso ovory year; tlnoo pairs of boots und two poekot handkerchiefs in tho year ! n whlto straw bonnet evory two yenrs, nial a blnok straw bonnot every year. Altogether, tho cutlor's wardrobo costs him two pounds, olovon pennies, two farthings, nndn fraction, tho woman's comos tu two pounds, soventcon shillings nutt elevenpence, yearly. To givo tho prices of all tho articles In thts wondorful wardrobe, willoh somo sharp wag has mystified thisproolso wi itor to set down, would bo too tedi, nus. Tho SltolUeld cutler lins nothing peculiar about him oxoopllng his bird- oagos. Ho has t won ty blrd-aattos, and drinks pop and tronolo-boor (sic), wliluh M. lo Piny dis. covorod to bo the national drink of English operatives, Tho Shofllold outlor lives nenr tho river Shear, in a nico little house of two Montys, with kitchon ami -parlour, gorden, two ootirt-yards, nnd a pig-stye, for which ho pays threo shillings nnd four penco por week, Ho lins no religion, Uko his follow-woikmnn in Loudon, but is sober and Industrious, mut belongs to ii club onllod tho Land Sooloty. Tho iron-founder of Derbyshire has no religion also ; his wiro ls stoicly, omi ranko nothing nt home, nntl enriches tho dresBUjnUor by u, cottuiu sum pearly.-1/ouii/ioM Jfcinfi. 