LAYING TITE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. This interesting ceremony took place yesterday after noon, on the hitherto vacant plot of ground adjoining the Pultcney-street Schoolroom. Some three or four hundred people were assembled to witness the event. Shortly after 1 o'clock, his Excellency Sir Richard Macdonnell airived on the platform, which was already occupied by a numerous party of ladies and gentlemen, I including the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Judge Cooper, It. R. Towns, M.L.C., the Revs. A. R. Russell, and Pollitt, Major Moore, Messrs S. Stocks, M. Macder mott, Maturin, Beresford, &e.;, &c.; A special form of sorviec was prepared and printed for the occasion, and being generally distributed to those present, enabled many to join in the effective choir engaged for the occa sion. His Excellency having, by a few decisive touches of the trowel, duly spread the substratum of mortar, the first stone was allowed to subside into into its bed, within which a box had been buried containing the current coins and an inscription. This ceremony was concluded by his Excellency saying,—" I lay this foundation stone sn the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost." The Rev A R. Russell then read the following address:— " May it please your Excellency— " The" Committee, to whom has been entrusted the responsible duty of superintending the erection of St. Paul's Church, desire to express to you their gratitudo for your presence here as the founder of the edifice. "Recalling the terms in which, shortly after your landing in this colony, your Excellency expressed your desire to promote the welfare of that Church to which you have the honour and the happiness to belong ; remembering also the earnestness with which, on a similar occasion to this, you advocated further and immediate efforts to increase Church accommodation to au extent adequate to the requirements of the most numerous religious body in the colony, they could not but calculate on your sympathy with them in their present efforts. " As regards this portion of the city it may be proper to mention that, ten months since, additional services were provided in the adjoining school-room ; and the • test there afforded of the demand for additional church ! accommodation in this immediate vicinity at length j induced the Trustees for this property to provide, gra- j tuitously, the present site. In accepting that offer, the promoters of the St. Paul's Church Building Fund, when they took into account the considerable propor tion of members of the Church of England in lliud marsh "Ward, for whom there is 110 sufficient provision in any existing Church, could not consider that they were venturing, uncalled, 011 a siiperfious or needless labour in endeavouring to rear in the midst of tlmm a seemly and, as they trust it will prove, a beautiful edifice, befitting the solemn purpose of its dedication, and the grandeur of His name for whose honour it is designed. " In the inauguration of the undertaking for which they had thus prepared the way, they solicited your Ex- j ccllency's presence and countenance, not only as a mark | of respect for your high station, but in the belief that 1 you would be ready to exert whatsoever of social iullu ence you possess in the encouragement of projects i having so directly in view the moral and spiritual well- i being of the community. Your Excellency's compliance j with their request has justified this anticipation : and they beg to tender to you, in their own name and in j that of their friends and fellow-subscribers, their cordial thanks. Yet, they would not forgot that to God alone glory is to be ascribed in the highest; that the service you have just rendered, is one rendered to God and not to man; ami that they would feel it to be dis honouring to +hemseives and offensive to you, to mingle with this public recognition of a Christian duty the language of worldly compliment. "But they trust they maybe permitted to express their earnest desire that the faith, in whose outward ex tension your Excellency is thus privileged to assist, may be a source of comfort and rejoicing to you all your days; and that, amid whatever distractions of public business, you may abundantly enjoy that peace which this world is utterly unable io bestow." His Excr.Lxmxcv having received the address, made the following reply :—I l'eel that I cannot reply to the address in language appropriate to the occasion for which we have all met. In truth, it ought to be a source of heartfelt rejoicing 011 the part of every Christian Governor of any country to preside 011 such au eventful occasion. I feel assured that you will all agree with me, that the prosperity of this colony, as in truth, the prosperity of any of tin; colonies, should ea.ll forth, in a marked manner, a fervent demonstration ot gratitude to the Being who is the source of all good— of all that is to be desired. In a young country, where such feeling was wanting; where spiritualfeeling was not duly evinced, real prosperity could never be attained In the address, you allude to a desire 011 my part to aid the various denominations of the Church, I have held it in cumbent on me to do so, representing, as I do, a lady who is sovereign over all these denominations. On the present occasion, I have reason to feel doubly gratified in assist ing the noble efforts of others in the cause of the Church in which I have been brought up. In fact, it is a source of peculiar pleasure to me, inasmuch as my earliest re collections are entwined with its associations. Yet I can truly say, my efforts shall never bo denied in the cause of any other denomination, and in saying so, I hope you will give me credit for all sincerity. In conclusion, I will add, that my heart, my best wishes, are truly with you in the good work that has been commenced to-day. And I hope that all present will join with me in the fervent wish that upon the stone that has now been laid will arise a building worthy of the Being to wlioin it lias been dedicated, and that in future years, the word of God will be preached within its walls by a minister worthy of enunciating its noble truths, and that years after we are all necessarily passed away, words of consolation may yet be preached to the sinner—to those who bring the offering of a contrite heart. Jlav the blessing of God attend the work now begun. The Loan Bisuor of Adelaide then addressed the meeting. He felt that there could not be a more solemn, occasion here, than the laying the foundation of a temple to be dedicated to the Most High. Oil such occasions, the heart ought to expand with the mo mentous nature of the event. Although they might not walk in the closest fellowship on earth, yet he trusted that the time would arrive when the film of imperfect mental vision would be removed from their eyes, to exist all in the true belief. Still they might he allowed to rejoice that God had put it into the hearts of his faithful people to build anotherliouse wherein to spread the truth, on the true foundation stone. Jesus Christ was our true foundation-stone. No one could have have to partake of the holy blessing, without being supported by that foundation—that corner stone. May Heaven grant that through the word, to be preached in that building now to be erected, the hearts of sinners would be turned, and that believers would be built up in the most holy faith, more meet for that holy tabernacle of rest which God had promised to those who love him. In conclusion, he would pray for the blessing of Heaven upon his Excellency and all nearest and dearest to him, for the kindly aid" he had rendered on that, as on many pre vious and similar occasions. A collection then took plac e, which resulted in an additional sum of ■£!•> to the funds of the church. It is understood that about £000 in addition to what has been subscribed, is immediately required in order to carry no the walls to their full height; and the Com mittee have determined not to incur any considerable debt. Xow is the time, therefore, for all who are friendly to the object to do their utmost. The church, which has been designed by Mr Hall, is to be iu the early English stvle, with nave, two side , aisles (with arches and clerestory) chancel, organ-chapel, and vestry, the tower to be at the north-western corner of the buiding. When completed, it will accommodate ■ GOO persons. On leaving the ground, his Excellency was invited by i the Lord Bishop to visit the Pulteney-strcet School room, in)wliich nearly 100 children were assembled, by whom he was received with every demonstration of ; loyalty and respect - the said loyalty being for the mo ment quickened by the immediate prospect of a plen tiful supply of buns and other good things. 