SUPERSTITIONS, CUSTOMS, AND BURIALS OF THE ABORIGINES. (From the Argus.) The first of the third course of lectures for the season 1856 was delivered yesterday evening at the Mechanics' Institution, the lecturer being Mr. Blandowski, of the Museum of Natural History, and the subject the Super stitions, Customs, and Burials of the Aborigines— a topic which Mr. Blandowski has already treated with consi derable ability. The subject is one of peculiar interest to those who have made the Australian colonies their home, and it is also one well deserving the attention of scientific men. It will not be very long, speaking comparatively, be fore, in obedience to that strange, but unvarying law which causes the dark and savage races of mankind to dwindle and wither before the white man's civiliza tion, the aborigines of Australia will cease to exist except in tradition. All that can then remain to guide the researches of the ethnologist or physiologist will be the recorded results of the observations of gentlemen who, like Mr. Blandowski, have accurately and carefully investigated this interesting but difficult subject. No want of due appreciation of the lecturer's efforts was manifested yesterday evening, the large room of the In stitution being filled in every part. The lecturer in his exordium commented upon the small share of attention which had hitherto been devoted to a knowledge of the manners and customs of the aborigines, and also upon tho fact to which we have already adverted, viz., the disappearance of the black before the white races, He instanced this by the rarity of the appearance of the natives in the vicinity of Mel bourne, near which city they were formerly in crowds. There were many facts which he had observed years since in reference to the aborigines, and which he could not explain even at that time, and he therefore gave to the public the facts which his limited knowledge of the native language enabled him to understand, in the hope that others might he induced to do the same. There were in Australia not more thm 200,000 natives', and they had been known to the civilized races for 300 years, and yet the world was still without any distinct infor mation as to the habits and manners of the inhabitants of a country equal in size nearly to the whole of Europe. There were three distinct tribes or classes amongst the natives— the first being composed of those who were distinguished by age and fidelity to their tribes. They were very few in number, and performed all the reli gious ceremonies, such as knocking out the teeth of the young men, cutting off the finger-joints of the young women, perforating the septum of the nose. To them were ascribed supernatural powers— such as those of controlling the elements of nature, flying through the air at night, aud sending, by supernatural means, letters or messages to far distant tribes. These persons, or ' corrincles,' were crafty and sinister in aspect, and differing altogether from the open, manly, and deter mined aspect of the warriors. These men were diviners of omens, such as the arrival of birds, insects, &c;, at the camp. They also supplied their warriors with human kidney fat torn from a stunned but not dead enemy. When they desired to procure this revolting unguent the corrincles cautiously approached an enemy's camp at night, and, having watched their opportunity, stunned their victim with a blow of a club, taking care not to destroy life. They then opened the side between the ribs and hip, and with their nails tore out the fat from around the kidneys. The victim often survived this dreadful ordeal a day or two, but in extreme torture. The fat so procured was most religiously kept, and on oc casion the faces and breasts of the men were rubbed with a little of it, under the impression that the courage of the deceased was thereby transferred to them, and that weapons anointed with it were more successful in war and the chase. These elders, too, often retired from the tribe for weeks, and concealed themselves in caves. On their return they were received with great venera tion, and they pretended to have seen visions. They were also expert ventriloquists, and gave oracular answers to questions of the tribe. The ceremony of knocking out the front teeth of the youths was thus performed :— A great many aborigines having assembled, armed, passed a night in dancing and singiug. A space of grass, 27 feet by 18, was cleared the next morning, and the lads were placed on one side, with the corrincles and strangers on the other. The boys were taken away from their own side one by one, with many gesticulations, and were compelled to sit down, looking on the ground, on the other; nor were they allowed to look up, or take any refreshment for hours. The cor rincles on the following day threw themselves on the ground with gestures indicative of pain, and pretended at last to be delivered of a bone— their object in gesti culating- thus being: to raise a belief that the more they suffered the less the victim would feel the operation. The young men then ran about on all fours, imitating the dingo, or native dog, over which this ceremony was supposed to give them dominion, The figure of a kangaroo made of grass was carried about with many ceremonies— thus giving them dominion over that animal. The boys were then placed in a cluster, the corrincles sitting near them, and making horrible faces sounds, and gesticulations. The boys were then rolled on the body each of a corrincle, who writhed about and emitted a growling sound. The boys were thus supposed to be rendered brave men. At last a lad was taken, his gum lanced with a sharp bone, and the tooth knocked out. Three feints were always made before the tooth was struck, the corrincles around raising a hideous clamour to drown any cries of pain which might be uttered, as the blow to remove the tooth was often repeated several times before it was removed. The blood was not removed from the face of the boy, but allowed to dry there. He was thus initiated into the class of men, and allowed to use the spear and boome rang, to go forth to battle, and to choose a wife for himself. Great pains were taken during these ceremonials to exorcise any evil spirits near, and Sir T. Mitchell men tioned that a party of savages mistook him and his party for such, and were convinced of it, apparently, on seeing a pistol discharged. As to their omens they attached great importance to shooting stars, and held thunder and lightening in great fear. They never whistled, pro bably from the natural desire of concealment, and never broiled fish at night, fearing the poisonous influences of the moon. They often attempted to frighten each other, and to frighten Europeans with whom they happened to be travelling. An instance occurred to himself (Mr. Blandowski) while travelling towards the junction of the Murray and the Darling. A native guide attempted several times to alarm him by feats of dexterity, such as going away for a little distance, and, apparently without moving, throwing sticks and stones in his direction. When detected, he asked him, if he had seen the 'debble debble.' ' Their treatment of their sick was very peculiar. Sometimes they compelled a sick man to hold his face in the smoke of a fire as long as he could hold his breath. At other times they made him take water in the mouth and spit it out again ; this operation was repeated several times. When a native died sud denly, the warriors assembled to decide who had caused his death, and fixed upon some person who might be either friend or enemy. If a friend or member of the tribe were pitched on, a grand corrobborree was held, and the nearest female relative or lubra of the deceased, armed with a waddy, belaboured the heads of those whom she suspected with blows so vigorous that to a European it was matter of the greatest wonderment that the skull was not shattered to pieces. Any one showing symptoms of dissatisfaction at this ordeal was pricked with spears, so as to cause great pain, in his arms and legs, by three or four warriors, who accompanied the lubra. If an enemy were fixed on, an opportunity was taken to steal to the camp and murder one of the tribe, whose kidney-fat was then removed. The natives believed in evil spirits and ghosts, and for this reason never left their camp after dark. They never bore the same name as a dead member of the tribe, and never mentioned his name; but if pressed to indicate him, did so by recalling some circumstances connected with the individual when living. Their mourning was performed by cutting their arms and thighs, and by a manifestation of indifference to outward circumstances. It was a common monomania with them to fancy a spear-head sticking in their back. This they were cured of by the corrincle's pretending to extract a spear-head or bone. They recovered from wounds much sooner than white men, owing to their not using salt or spirits; but they suffered dreadfully from disease, amongst the chief of which was catarrh. If a father desired to transfer his courage to his son, .he opened a vein in his arm, and suffered the blood to run down his son's back. Females were frequently sprinkled with cold water during their confinement. A woman getting tired of her child, killed it, and adopted a dingo puppy instead ; and when a woman died her child was often buried with her. Children born cripple were killed a few days after their birth; when twins were born one was instantly killed— and the same rule applied to half- caste children. Notwithstanding this, it was undeniable that they felt great pain in thus parting with their children, and with their infirm persons who were unable to feed themselves, and who were suffered to wander in the bush. Cowardice was the greatest dis grace a native could incur ; but when they were opposed to white men-of whose great superiority in weapons they were aware— it was considered proper prudence. The natives were capable of considerable magnanimity, and one instance had occurred in his presence— where the life of a brutal bullock-driver had been spared ' as unworthy of revenge,' after he had assaulted one of their women in a disgraceful manner, and when he was in the middle of a native camp in the bush, and totally in their power. The natives believed in the re-appear ance of the dead on the earth, and he (Mr. Blandowski) had on one occasion been assured by on old woman of the natives, with many tears and a kiss, that he was the ghost of her son, who had been killed by a spear-wound in the breast. It was not uncommon for the natives to imagine that their deceased relatives re-appeared as .white men, and hence the caress of the old lady who took him for her son— a delusion which he did not encourage, but in which she was evidently so sincere that he had not the heart to dispel it. The men of the tribe, too; saluted him as a relative, and brought their children to him. Before a native was buried the native women proceeded to the spot intended for his grave before sunrise, and gave way to lamentations. They also singed off their hair and covered the head with clay and lime to a thickness of two inches-probably to guard against the cold. This they wore for some time. The mode of sepulture varied according to the rank and sex of the deceased. The tribe round the mouth of the Murray wrapped their dead in their ''possum rags,' and bound them with withes, until they resembled mummies. A kind of rude scaffold or platform of branches was next constructed, and the body placed on it, and covered with grass. It was so placed as to face the east, or any water that might be in the vicinity. Here the body remained until decomposition was far advanced. The tribe then assembled, and the body was taken on the back of a native through the bush.' A number of holes were dug simultaneously and with great rapidity, and the bearer of the corpse, suddenly selecting one of these, threw in the body and covered it up. The other holes were filled as hastily as they had been dug, and by these means the natives imagined that they had confused the evil spirit, or ' debble debble,' so that he could never discover the true grave. Other natives buried their dead in huts, encircled by walls of bark, and several circles of bark drawn round it. They did this to cheat the evil spirit, who could neither walk over the bark nor creep under it. In -these huts were placed arms, to enable the occupants when they rose to resist the evil spirit. The tribes near Guichen Bay buried their dead in a sitting posture— the head resting on the knees— and the grave covered by a hut, with trenches round it In another tribe the body was placed in a sitting posture across two sapplings, covered with a hut. The whole was then borne by four men to the place of sepulture. He had himself seen a platform erected in the topmost branches of a sheaoak, in which he was told the body ; was laid. This grave had the appearance of an eagles nest. At Mount Gambier the body was placed in the hollow of a tree, and fire being applied, It was quickly consumed by the great draught. Young women and boys were usually consigned to the ground. The tribes around Geelong buried their dead in graves, and placed between sheets of bark, and these graves were surrounded by ornamented ground. somewhat resembling the plan of a European garden. The lecturer concluded his address, which extended to some length, by an appeal to the good feeling of the white races in favour of the abori- gines, whose birthright they had possessed them- selves of. This very interesting lecture, of which our space only allows us to give the outline, was illustrated by coloured drawings hung around the walls of the room, and con- veying a vivid idea of the scenes described by the lec turer. The lecture was also copiously interspersed with quotations from the best-informed persons— writing in reference to the customs of the aborigines. Taken as a whole, the lecture might be said to convey a very fair idea of the customs of the aboriginal races of Australia although there is, doubtless, much more for the scientific aud curious enquirer to learn in this respect. The lec- turer was warmly applauded, and a vote of thanks to him passed unanimously. 