CONSECRATION OF ST. PHILIP'S NEW CHURCH. ON the first of May, 1848, nearly eight years ago the Venerable Archdeacon Cowper, now for upwards forty years universally revered, respected, and still active amongst us, at the request of the late lamented Bishop Broughton, laid the foundation stone of St. Philip's new Church, on that piece of ground situate between Clarence street and Cumberland Street. Since that day the churchwardens and trustees have had many difficulties to contend with, but have eventually suc- ceeded in completing the building to a sufficient ex- tent, that it can be used; indeed there remains only the spire to be added. Up to the present time the Church has cost upwards of £12,000 ; and the whole ofthat sum has been raised by voluntary subscriptions from the congregation and their friends, the only other facility afforded them being on the part of the Government in giving the present site in exchange for the one on which the old church stands. Twelve hundred pounds is still re- quired in order that the spire may be completed ready to receive the peal of bells (eight in number), the gift of Mr. John Campbell, who has been most liberal in his donations towards the erection of this edifice. A sum of £500 has also to be raised for the purpose of purchasing an organ ; upwards of £200 is, however already subscribed for this purpose. The edifice is built in the Gothic style, after the design of Mr. Blackett, architect, of this city, and erected by con- tract, as the churchwardens had funds to proceed. It is fitted up quite in the modern style ; the seats are all open, and afford accommodation for 877 persons. In speaking of the internal arrangements, there are many features worthy of special notice. On entering at the western gate, and proceeding down the middle aisle, on the right hand stands the font, which is of stone, and is remarkable for the chasteness of its design and the excellence of the carving; and the same remarks apply to the pulpit, whick has been looked upon as one of the most beautifully executed pieces of workmanship of the kind In Sydney. The gas-fittings, by Mr. F. R. Robinson, are also par- ticularly neat, and when the gas is lighted every part of the building is well illuminated. And last, though certainly not least, come the windows, all of which were imported from England ; they are of stained glass, and a very neat design ; the chancel window at the eastern end of the building is certainly the handsomest in the colony-like the others, it was imported, and cost 200 guineas ; the neatness of the design consisting of leaves and flowers intermingled with scriptural quo- tations, and the brightness of the colours surpass anything of the kind now in existence in the colony. At the western end of the building a large and con- venient organ loft is provided, in which now stands an harmonium, the place of which will, as soon as the funds are raised, be supplied by a first- class organ. The altar is beautifully fitted with rich crimson silk velvet, trimmed with bullion braid-stalls being built in the wall on the left hand side, intended for the use of the Bishop and Archdeacon. The whole church, indeed, bears the appearance of a small cathedral ; and above all, as far as it has progressed, at present the churchwardens are out of debt, and have money in hand. Yesterday was the day appointed by his Lordship the Bishop of Sydney for the consecration of the build ing. At eleven o'clock the Bishop arrived, accom- panied by his chaplains, the Rev. Mr. Allwood and Rev. Mr. Synge, and entered the building at the western entrance, where he was received by the Venerable Archdeacon of Cumberland, who acted as Chancellor, and Mr. H. K James, the Registrar ; the trustees, Messrs. J. Campbell, J. K. Ingelow, and J. A. Matthews ; the Churchwardens, Messrs. J. H. Thorne and H. Allen ; and a number of the clergy, amongst whom we observed-the Rev. Dr. Woolley, Principal of Sydney University ; the Rev. Dr. Steele, Incumbent ot St. Peter's, Cook's River ; the Rev. Robert Lethbridge King, B.A., minister of St. John's, Parramatta ; the Rev. W. Macquarie Cowper, of Liverpool ; the Rev. Thomas Hassell, A.M., minister of Cobbety and Narellan ; the Rev. G. W. Richard- son, curate of St. Philip's; Rev. William Stack, B.A., incumbent of Balmain ; Rev. Hulton King, of Surry Hills ; Rev. George King, M. A., St. Andrew's Cathedral ; Rev. G. Gurney, curate of St. James' ; Rev. Forster Ashwin, B.A., minister of Trinity Church; Rev. Thomas Hayden, B A., chaplain to emigrants ; Rev. George E. Turner, incumbent of Ryde ; Rev. C. F. D. Priddle, incumbent of Liverpool ; the Rev. T. H. Wilkinson, of Ashfield ; and several other clergy- men whose names we could not ascertain. On receiving the Bishop, the ordinary petition, that he would consecrate the church, was presented by one of the churchwardens, and read by the registrar. The usual inquiry as to whether the petition expressed their desires having been made by his Lordship, and answered in the affirmative, the usual reply was made by him (the Bishop), who, with those who had received him, then proceeded down the middle aisle, repeating the 24th psalm. On arriving at the altar, the Bishop and his chaplain, and the Chancellor, took their res- pective places within the rails, and the usuaI order of consecration was observed. The morning service was read by the Rev. Mr. Richardson, the curate of the church, the epistle for the day being read by the Arch- deacon. The Bishop of Sydney then ascended the pulpit, and preached a sermon, of which the following is neces- sarily a mere outline, his text being- "And it came to pass, when the trumpeters and singers were as one, to make one sound to be heard in praising and thanking the Lord ; and when they lifted up their voice with the trumpets and cymbals, and instruments of music, and praised the Lord, saying, for he is good, for his mercy endureth for ever: that then the house was filled with the cloud, even the house of the Lord. So that the priests could not stand to minister by reason of the cloud ; for the Glory of the Lord had filled the house of God."-2 Chro- nicles, chap, v., verses 13,14. When God rested from his labors, He consecrated the world for himself. Paradise was the sanctuary, and man the worshipper, appointed to offer to God the sacrifice of prayer and thanksgiving. But the entrance of sin turned man from the service of his Maker ; and this departure from God is manifested in the sounds of blasphemy and profaneness which, often fall from his tongue. The world resembles Paradise no longer, and too often it may be more justly compared with the cities overthrown by Divine vengeance. Yet God hath not left himself without witness. The institutions of the Mosaic dispensation, the Holy of Holies, accessible by the appointed way, signified the Gate of Heaven was still open and that the penitent might draw nigh unto God. He gave His promise to His people that He would dwell among them. In the wilderness His presence was manifested by the cloud which filled the sanctuary, and by the fire which consumed the sacrifice. The cloud covered the Mercy Seat, and the Lord God who dwelt between the Cherubim performed the pro- mise which He gave, that the Tabernacle should be filled with His glory. When the children of Israel rested in the land that God gave them, and every man dwelt under his own vine and figtree, the son of Peace, not the man of War, raised a temple to the God of Israel. That which David only designed Solomon completed. Again the Lord signified His presence in the cloud and in the fire. He renewed the symbols of that presence displayed in the wilderness. There in the temple of Solomon He manifested His glory, and thither the tribes went up to the testimony of the Lord. So long as they continued to obey Him He dwelt among them; their holy worship was preserved, and they had the evidence of the divine favour ; but when corrupted by the example of Solomon in his old age, they forsook God: when they made their children pass through the fire ; when their women wor- shipped the Queen of Heaven, then the glory of God departed. So Ezekiel, wrapped in vision, saw the glory of the Lord lingering on the right side of the sanc- tuary, so he beheld the increasing corruption and idolatry of the people, until that divine token departed, judgment fell upon the guilty nation, who suffered as captives inBabylon, the rod of the oppressor, and their holy and beautiful house was burned with fire. A second temple was reared in after times, but among the things which the Rabbis mark as signs of its dimin ished glory was the absence of shekinah. It is true that a promise was made that the latter house should exceed the former in glory ; either that the Redeemer should be present in person, or that the whole world should become the temple cf God. As it is said " the name of the city shall be The Lord is there." What shall we gather from this text? First, that the service offered was acceptable to God ; and second, that the glory of the temple consisted in the presence oi God. The Creator has separated to Himself a seventh portion of our time ; he set apart a ministry for His own service, and gave minute directions for the worship of the sanctuary ; and He signified its accept- ance by the cloud which filled the house, and by the fire which consumed the sacrifice upon the altar. The New Testament is not con- trary to the Old; a spiritual worship; was then required as now. The language of David was, "The sacrifices of God are a broken and contrite spirit." By Isaiah it is said, "Where is tbe house which ye build, and where is the place of my rest? To that man will I look who is of a humble and contrite spirit." It is, however, not too much to hope that the separation of this temple to divine worship is an acceptable service. In this there is no danger of su- perstition. nothing necessarily merely formal . The Church of England, like every particular or national church, is authorised to appoint those services, which may set apart in a becoming manner, the edifices reared for the perpetual worship of our Heavenly Father. Second. The true glory of the Church consists in the presence of Jesus Christ. This was anticipated by the prophet, who, as is said by the Apostle, " Spake of him when he saw His glory." The temple designed for God is, how- ever, defiled ; it ís disordered and polluted. Christ only can cleanse this temple ; His light only can dispel the darkness and He only give life for death. Holiness, light, and life are in Him, and by Him bestowed. St. Paul, speaking to the Thessalonions, said, "Ye are our glory and our joy." When Christ was made known to them by the ministry of the apostles, "they turned from dumb idols to the living God." But the apostle declares, our " gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power, and in the Holy Ghost." Christ is made known by the ministry of the apostles, and their word is accom- panied by the power of the Spirit By these means only can a Church become the temple of the Holy Ghost, the habitation of God through His Spirit. Without this ministration of the truth-without this Divine power attending-all means would be unavail- ing. No multiplication of edifices, however beautiful ; no increase of agents or modes of operation, will compensate for the absence of these. Means of Grace perverted by unbelief may become means of destruc- tion. But when the Word of God s faithfully preached Christ will fulfil His promise- "Lo, I am with you always : even to the end of the world." When this is not done, He will forsake the ministry. A particular church may decay. Churches of great reputation, those of Asia Minor and Africa-churches planted by St. John, or where Cyprian taught, have disappeared. The candle has long been removed, and Ichabod is written upon the walls. Let those of the Church of England remember that no excellence in its constitution, its orders, is government, or its services when the glory of God is departed will de- fend it from the abomination which maketh desolate. The occasion is one of great interest ; this congregation is removed from a church built nearly fifty years ago. Its first and only pastor still survives. This noble edifice has been erected at the expense of £11,000, de- frayed by the parishioners and their friends. Something still remains to be done, and towards the completion contributions will be made this day. The prayers we have already offered are comprehensive, but we may yet ask of God that the venerable pastor may be spared for years to come, that he may still enjoy the love of his people, still oversee the labours of others, and witness the progress of the Gospel about him ; still continue to receive in baptism those whose parents he united in holy matritmony, still administer the Supper of the Lord, still comfort the dying, until he himself shall be called to join those departed in the faith of the Christ, and enter into an eternal rest. The sermon being ended, and the usual benediction pronounced, those who did not remain for the holy communion retired, and a collection was made at the doors, which amountedto £162 14s. 4d. The clergy and several of the laity present received the holy com- munion, and their oblatons amounted to £54 7s. 6d. We should mention the the ohoir of St. Philip's was assisted by several members of the choir of Trinity Church. The congregation numbered about 1200, amongst whom we oberved a number of ministers at- tached to the various dissenting sects. It is in contem- plation to lend the old building to the congregation of Trinity Church, while that edifice is being roofed, after which it will be razed to the ground. The evening service was read by the Rev. Mr. Richardson. The Rev. R. L. King preached an ad- mirable sermon from the following text : " In all places where I record? my name, I will come unto thee, and I will bless thee?." Bxodus, 20 chap. 21 verse. The collection duirng the day amounted to £131 6s. 