THE YIGNOLES AFFAIR. (To the Editor of the Star.J Sxu,—In your leading article of Thursday, you comment upon Mr Humffray's speech delivered at the Star Hotel about a week ago, and at some length dwell upon his conduct in regard to Captain Yignoles' murdering the ghost—certainly a feat worthy of the prowess of the gallant Captain! As I was your reporter at the time of the dark deed, I can corroborate every line in the statement made in the Star—I reported the case in question myself, and handed it in to your office, but before the article was written (which called the attention of Mr Humffray to the imbecility of the then resident magistrate) I enquired of the police— at the officials in the Court—and of two gentlemen who were sitting near me, if I had correctly understood Captain Yignoles's most potent (?) decision! I ascertained that the report was strictly correct, startling as it might have appeared to the public on reading it. Mr Ilumffray, I conceive was perfectly justified in asking for an enquiry at the hands of the Attorney General, and deserved credit for so promptly taking up so notorious an instance of magisterial impotence correctly laid before your readers. But he was equally unjustified, on the simple authority of Mr Rainy, who was then all in all with the Captain, to withdraw the inquiry. That barrister was not in Court that day, or I am very much mistaken; and even if he were, the testimony of one whose duty it is to be accurate, with the additions of the impartial, common sense corroboration of other gentlemen, is of equal value with that of the learned gentleman. I again repeat that even after the part of the branded skin had been produced, and a part of the dead horse's hoof, (though the animal was alive when stolen) the Bench luminary asked if the horse was outside the Court, &c.;, &c.;!! In conclusion I may say that my surprise was so great at Mr Humffray's withdrawing his motion, on either the ipse dixit statement, or private letter of any one, that I wrote a long letter to the editor "of the Herald, in my own name, confirming the report in the Star, but in a notice to correspondents I was recommended to send it to the Argus, who first showed up in Melbourne the extraordinary conduct of our worthy stipendiary in thisjnatter. Unfortunately I had kept no copy of my letter, and Captain Yignoles had given instructions that no reporter was to see the depositions taken in Court. I consequently wrote to the Herald to send the letter to the Argus. But this was not done, and the stigma remained on the Star reporter for either stupidity or worse, and on the Star for misrepresentation. Mr Humffray, I again say, is quite wrong in this unfortunate occurrence. I am, sir, A. C. L. GRAHAM. Ballarat, August 21st, 1846. 