ENGLISH EXTRACTS TO JULY 3rd. KOSSUTH IN NEWCASTLE. (From the Gateshead Observer,) Louis Kossuth, who has this week visited New castle-upon-Tyne, was bora April 20, 1802, at Monok, in the county of Zemplin. He was brought into public life by the cholera of 1831, in the midst of which epidemic he played a conspicuous aud bene ficent part ; and in 1832 he was sent to the Diet of Hungary as the proxy of several peeresses. He distinguished himself by his reports of the proceed dings,- and became an object of fear and enmity to Austria. He was seized— tried— thrown into prison for a term of years ; and, making his cell a school, he learnt the language of Shakspere. In 1810, after three years' imprisonment, he was liber ated. On new year's day, 1841, came out the Pesti Hirlap, or ' Pesth Journal,' with Kos suth as editor. He also, about tho same time (January 10), married 'i'eressa Meszlenyi, who, coming with his sisters to welcome his return from prison, enslaved the freedman. Tho Hirlap proved a ' hit;" and in 1844, the Imperialists triumphing over the Liberals. they removed Kossuth from the editorship -but only to divert his energies into new channels. As representative of the county of Pesth in the Diet he rose to the summit of popular power. The revolution of 1848 broke out. Louis Philippe, as ' William Smith,' crossed the Channel to England— no more to return. Metternich, as somebody else, fled from Vienna. Kossuth was all but supreme in Hungary. The tide was at its height How it ebbed is matter of history. Louis Napoleon made the chair of the French Republic a stepping stone to the throne. Louis Kossuth landed at South ampton, October 23, 1851, an exile. How it comes about that he is now making a tour of Great Britain, and addressing popular audiences, he shall himself explain, in words uttered from one of the platforms on which he has stood :— There is something surpassingly touching in my re lations with the British people. When, with my nation, the advanced guard of Liberty had fallen, in conscious self-sacrifice for Europe, that her fall should have created an intense interest is. but natural. Tho moral world has its magnetism, like as physical nature has Some call its manifestations conscience— some call them instinct. Call them as you choose, tho heart of mankind is its electric chain, often conveying, in the sparks of a lively sympathy, a presentiment of the sad logic of human events. You have had some revelations of that inexorable logic of events these last two vears ; and the end is not yel. The earthquake that nrostrated my country shall havo many a sad after vibration in future events. While tho emotion of the full of Hungary was yet fresh, one ray of the halo of her misfortune alighted on my own humble head and it gave me a share in the sym patliics of the British people— not by my own desert, but for my country's sake. Time, however, wont on, fraught with other sorrows, rich in new cares, aud men had other things to do than cheer the solitary exile, and thunder hurrahs of compassion for Hungary. Thankful for tho past, I accepted tho present, such as it was, and sat silently down in tho retired shadow of my own obscurity. Anil, while thus sitting, malignity came and exclaimed in derision — ' Lo ! how the object of so many sympathies wont down like a stone in the water ! ' 1 have not felt offended at the remark. Time is a merciless disenchanter ; it deprives even misfortune of its poetry. (Cheers.) The scent outlives the flower for a moment after its faded leaves fall to tho ground, and tho broken chord hangs already loose, when tho echo of its dying harmony still vibrates through the air. I_ had my share in the scent and in the echo ; — what right had I to expect that, in my case, sympathy should escape the icy fingers of tho merciless disenchanter? 1 had no right to expect it ; and when tho cares of the father began to accumulate on tho patriot's lasting afflictions, 1 said to the dear companion of my sorrows, ' We have rested our head on Albion's hospitable soil for nearly four years: lot us be thankful for it, and carry our household gods to somo distant shores.' Never have I coveted any glory ; but tho sad glory of Belizar — standing an object, itrstof commiseration, then of de rision for the passer-by— this glory have I dreaded. Had it depended on mo, no mortal man would ever have heard this tale from my lips. Be it fragility, be it virtue, one pride, I liavo one only in all tho recesses of my heart — and that is, that I am man enough to boar my fate whatever it be. I have stood low in tlio vicis situdes of life. I know what it is to wield power at the head of a gallant nation, amidst dangers of awful his torical grandeur ; a ul I know what it is to struggle for the miserable subsistence of tho next day ; but, humble as I am, thus much I dare say— prosperity and power never have dazzled my eyes — advcrsicy and want never have bent my soul, nor ever shall. I take for my symbol the rock, not melting in the blaze of tho tropical sun, not quaking under the fury of the dash ing waves, but the mysteries of the sacred domain of my domestic circumstances have oozed out somehow ; and tho noble-minded Walter Savago Landor — (loud cheers) — tho Briton with tho ancient Roman soul — the vencraoio oiu tree, stiu teeming witn lieu me — was iea by tlie exuberance of his geucrous impulses to publish a certain appeal, which I honor nud respect, and fcol grateful for, though, consistently with my principles, 1 feel bound to decline. Upon this, without waiting to know whether I am so presumptuous as to sanction the plea, somo malignant icaiarks of venomous scorn happen to be poured on mv head — and, lo ! the British peoplo's great heart is seen revolting at the iniquity ; and the ever-fresh viurces of its liberal sympathy ovcrfljw in generous manifestations, as sweet, as hearty, as general, as if the merciless dis cnchantcr, Timo, never had dimmed the halo my country's honored name once cast on my undeserving head. There is something ;-ub!imo iu this revela tion of a people's great heart. Your.;, amongst these wide-spread manifestations of sympathy, has a very high claim on my gratitude, for that enamel or noble delicacy with which you colored the pure gold of your liberality. Do you imagine that I do not under stand tlic real meaning of your invitation ? Is it for I the very questionablo'pleasurc of hearing the language of Shakspere outraged by my jolting accents, that I have been invited ? Certainly not. Is it to hear of principles from me ? Why should you want me to teacli you principles ? Or is it instruction— eloquence — you come to hear ? But there aro men by scores in this very hall who can give you a nobler treat of both than in the brightest moments of my induration I could have dreamed to impart.. No, no ! I under stand the meaning of your invitation perfectlv well ; and can only regret that I cannot hope to oiler you, in return for your kindness, such satisfacfion as you would bo well entitled to cxpect. If my sor rows were but private sorrows— my grief pri vate grief — your generous sympathy might act ou mc like as tlio steel acts on liint, when, with its electrifying contact, it calls forth the sparks that lay hidden within the cold stone. But upon those shoulders here, that begin to bend, the sorrows of a people aro weighing. 1 am a tree, the roots of which aro far off, this country wherein I could hope efficiently to ser re my country, and I shall call, from this cold stone, those sparks which steeled the sinews of my people in crush ing one Emperor, and braving tho power of two. But this is no such occasion. Tho ico of despotism is not yet melting on the soil of my native land ; and, while that ico thero remains the tree here, not dead, but sleeping, is leafless and blossomlcss, and dry. To-day I stand before you performing a plain, honest laborer's work : — as such, and nothing more, please to accept mc. It was on Monday afternoon that M. Kossuth ar rived iu Newcastle, and was received at tho Central Station by Mr Joseph Oowen, jun., of Blaydoa, Mr James Mather, ol South Shields, and other friends. Fie was at once conveycd to Mr Cowen's residence at Blaydon, where he dined. In the evening, respond ing to a placard announcing the hour at which he would return to Newcastle, vast crowds assembled in tho western suburbs ; aud when he drove into the town he was received wiili loud cheers. Seldom have the streets been so crowded as on (his occa sion, the principal avenues in tho neighborhood of thu Music Hall being choked by the multitude. But the demonstration— which was evoked but not organised— was ill-conceived, and, in its circum stances, must have been unpleasing to its object' We say no more. With tho exception of the ' reserved seats,'' the hall was filled in every part. Tlio 'reserved seats'' presented some vacant space — owing, vvo suspect, to some misunderstanding as to tickets ; for (he answe-' was ' all goao' at a lime when there were still tickets on hand. Kossuth, on entering tho hall, was loudly cheered. H; was accompanied by the gentle men who received him at the station ; and also by Sir John Fife, Joseph Owen, Esq , Chairman of the River Commission, Rev. Georgo Harris, licv. Thomas Rowland, &c.;, &c.; Ou the motiou o( Sir John, seconded by Mr Harris. Mr Mather was called to the chair. M. Kossuth, when the Chairman had delivered a short introductory address, came forward, and was hailed with loud plaudits by the vast audience, com prising many strangers who had come several miles to hear the distinguished exile. He is of middle stature, and not of remarkable aspect — save to the mind which knows his history, and invests him with its poetry and its romanoe. It Is when he speaks, and speaks to you id a language that is not his own. that you feel yourself to be in the presence of a great man, and can form some conception of the secret of his power among his own people, when wielding hia own mother- tongue. Moreover, he is oracular iu his diction, and the world has ever lent a listening ear to oracular men. The prophet, in the primitive and popular aiceptation of tho term, lias ever a charm for thu common mind ; and the pregnant speech of Kossuth marks him out for a leader (it may not be for a ruler) of the people. Before proceeding to his lecture on the recent Concordat between Austria and the Pope, and on Protestantism in Hungary, M. Kossuth said — I feel very grateful to you, Mr Chairman, for tlic kind and delicate attention which you havo shown by your introductory roinarks, giving me time to recover from the deep emotions which the unexpectedly warm reception I have met with from the people of New castle could not fail to impart in my heart, (Applause.) When the fall of my poor country was yet fresh before the consciencc of mankind, I should have understood those manifestations of sympathy ; but now that that ?merciless discnchantcr Time, fraught with&reatJsoiTows; and events, has dimmed the lustro of my country's misfortune, and by depriving it of its novelty has deprived it of its poetry, that I still should meet with such a reception, is a fact which cannot fail to impress my heart with deep emotions, which I scarcely can find words to express. (Loud cliccrs.) And, besides, there aro several circumstances to in crease the interest which I feel in this my first inter course with the people of Newcastle. Sir, allow me, before all, to thank you for coming to take the chair on tlie present occasion. Let your modesty not take offence. I know your noble benevolence and compre hensive liberality, but really it must havo cost you some resignation to consent to act this part, because it must be painful to your feelings to bo reminded even of the existence of Austria. (Laughter and applause)— (M. Kossuth was here alluding to the brutal conduct of an Austrian officer, a fow years ago, to a son of the Chairman.)— I cannotjhelp reminding you of it Wherever I rise before an assembly like this, the bloody apparition of Austrian tyranny must rise by my sido. (Loud applause.) Wherever a cheer of sym pathy salutes the poor Hungarian exile, the curse of Austra finds an cclio. (Loud applause.) Whoever blesses me curses Austria — and whoever looks on mo must think of Austria, [, the ghost of Banquo— Aus- tria, the Macbeth — thus do we stand before you. _ (Ap plause.) Sir, there is an affinity in our mutual circum stances. 1 have had to grapple with tho houso of Austria. It has been tho Goliali in power, and I tho poor shepherd boy; but strong in justice and right, I have grappled with tlie Goliali, I havo laid him low, I have trampled upon him, and laid his power in the dust, and sent him to tho footstool of the Czar, there to mcndicato aid —to howl, ' Help me, or I sink !' (Loud and pro longed applause.) You know, sir, and all present know, what fury ho has displayed against my magna nimous nation. It was an act of nameless shame Falstaff stabbing the body of the gallant Percy. (Applause.) Or tho long eared animal kicking tlio dying lion. (Renewed applause.) As to my family, he lias hunted my wife, the dear companion of my life, sick, brokcn- licarted, dying as she was— he has hunted her, up hill and down dale, like as the hounds hunt the deer. (Sensation.) My faithful servants, who cach of them afforded glwrious examples of fidelity in the hour of trial, he has tortured to learn whore the poor deer might have sheltered licr head ; and he has hunted up my infant children and driven them into his prisons— a boy of five years, a second not yet eight, and a girl fix roars of age — and lias tortured tliem by long crossex aminationsi in t]io hope that some inadvertent word of the child would betray the mother, and bring his bloodhounds on tho scent of the hunted deer. (Sensation and cries of ' Shame.') But tho God of ineicy has cast his shield over my wife. Tho humble hut of the village laborer, and the modest cottage ot the artisan, boeamo the stronghold of her security ; and the noble are of the poor pooplc's great heart was to her wlia the fabulous ring of tho fabled hero, which mado liim invisible, was said to have been to him. Sho passed unseen through tho packs of bloodhounds surrounding her ; and, thank God, sho is with me (applause), and all my children are with me (applause), growing and thriving and saved. (Loud applause.) And when the patriot in the long agony of his grief seeks consolation in numbering tho heads of liis dear ones, not ono is wanting of all his beloved ones. (Loud chcers.) I thanlc thee, O my God! Tho worst lias beon averted by His mercy: let us be thankful for it. _ But, Sir, I ray again, thera is an affinity in our sentiments. Tho hand which I tender to you— (M. Kossuth here grasped the Chairman's hand) — is a pledge that if this hand of mine — (hero ho stretched forth his arm) — is ever allowed to come to a settlement of accountl with Austria, there collcction of your name, Sir, wils weigh in that account. (Loud and prolonged applause.) But, ladies and gentlemen, our worthy Chairman is not the only man in this hall with whom I havo an affinity of sentiment. I dare say I feel an affinity with you all. (Loud cheering.) I feel as if, treading the 'soil of Newcastle, I wero treading con genial ground. (Applauso.) In 1819, when, upon tho ranks of my noble countrymen, the Czar of Russia was pouring his barbarous legions to complete the de struction of Hungary, my people gathered around me to hear what I might think, and I thus spoke to them : — ' From this moment tho battle we shall have to fight is a battle, not for our freedom alone, but for tho independence of Europe ; and that battle we have to fight forsaken and alone. To be tho liberators or tho martyrs of Europe : — such is our destiny. Nations sympathise with us, but aid and assistance wc are not to expect from any of them. Those who have tho power have not the will ; and those who have tho will, trammelled by their Governments, have not tho power. (Hear, hear.) But let us not be angry with the nations for thus forsaking us. It is their misfortune rather than their fault. But now, mv people, forsaken as thou art, wilt then accept tho conscious liberty of self sacrifice — to vanquish if thou canst, or to die if thou must, for the freedom of Europe ?' And my people uncovered their heads and said, ' We accept the con scious liberty of self- sacrifice — to vanquish if we can, to die if we must, for the liberty of Europe.' (Great cheering.) I sain 'Amen' to ' their sublime resolve. (Applauso.) Well, Sir, we fought and we fell, like as heroic Kars fell — not by the arms of the enemy, but by the craft aud intrigue of secret diplomacy. (Hear, he?r.) Yes, we fell. I went into exile ; and, before a freo nation here and another across the Atlantic, I held up the bleeding image of my poor dowu- trj.lden coun try, as a warning to all those wliu have tlicir freedom to guard — to all those who are basking in tho rays of ' liberty, whilst the clouds of despotism are rushing on ward in the sky. I spoke to them of the unity which exists in tho destinies of nations : I told them that one nation crushed is one bulwark of liberty broken. — (hear, hear) — that no crime had over escaped punishment, or ever would ; and that to allow Hungary to fall was a fault, aud to allow Russia to triumph was a crime. (Hoar, hear.) I told them that retrtributive justice was approaching fast; and they asked — ' Where ? ' I answered, in Turkey. Some four years ago, that question was put; and somo four years ago I answered it The inexorable logic of events brought about the first act of that retribution ; for England soon after fought, with many sufferings and mauy sacrifices in blood and money, and last, not least, with a precarious issue. (Hear, hear.) It was a grand moment in history. The Eternal Dispenser of justice and of right has presented the Governments of Europe with opportunities of sealing the future by the traditions of the past. The first opportunity was that of Poland. That was tho first of the three sybilline books. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Then Hungary: — that was the second of the three sybilline books- And, finally, Turkey, the last of the three sybilline books. But the Governments were heedless of their opportunity. They did not buy the books, and all are burnt. (Hear, hear ) Tho timo may come when high prices may be offered; but all are burnt. Henceforth the nations of tho Continent will take tho settlement of the future in their own hands. They may be vanquished — they may fail ; but one thing I know — they will not compromise. (Loud applause.) 1 speak of tho Continent of course : — England is the mistress of her own destinies. (Ap plause.) May wisdom guide her decisions ! May her determination be as well chosen as the instinct of her people is sound ! (Loud cheering.) Well ! during the trying period when tlie Governments wero presented with the last of the three sybilline books, Newcastle was among the most consistent of those in Great Britain who know well how to appreciate and value all tho sybilline books Newcastle has firmly maintained the ground of her better understanding. The time serving wind of political expediency has whistled around the nation until they havo forgotten tho three magic words of Roebuck — Poland, Hungary, and Italy. (Hear, hear.) Newcastle saw that war was the inevitable result of Russia interfering with Turkey, and that the real question at issue could never be brought to a definite solution without those three magic words. Secret diplomacy willed otherwise. Peace is restored, and some rejoice in it. That joy is mixed with some disappointment; but of one thing I am sure, and that is, that when the second act of expiatory re tribution conies, as come it will — when many a patriot will look back with regret on what has been done in our days — Newcastle will always take a noble part in the causo of tho patriot for tho future, and will have no causo to look back on the past with remorse. (Applauso.) And when the time comes that regenerated Europe shall have to decide her policy towards England, it may be that tho recollection of the attitude New castle has maintained in our days may serve as a redeeming feature in the act of conciliation about which the Englaud of to-day did not care, although they seemed just and generous and sound (Hear, and applause.) i have thus explained the affinity between Newcastle and myself. Many a man has felt in New castle as I have felt in my troubles and sorrows. Even in illusion and disenchantment we have had our equal share; and the warm reception I have met this even ing entitles mo to say that, though illusions havo vanished, wo still meet here on congenial ground. (Loud cheers.) Let me, then, with tho familiarity of brotherhood, ask you to listen while the Hungarian father, in tlio position of an humble English lecturer, performs his honest work (applause) ; for such, and no more, is my capacity among you. Coming to the subject; of his Iccturo, M. Kossuth explained that a contordai is an agreement entered into between the Pope and a temporal Sovereign, by which the ecclesiastical affairs of the kingdom are governed.* Hungary — Catholic Hungary — had for ages been a barrier to Roman ambition, liar people, Catholic and Protestant alike, had ever resented and resisted Papal tyranny. The Catholics of that conn try well knew how to discriminate between the Catholic religion and tho Papacy. It was, therefore, an object of peculiar desire in Rome to accomplish a concordat with Austria which should give the Vatican dominion over Hungary. By her success a new Holy Alliance has been inaugurated for the subjugation of civil aud religious liberty. Protestantism and representative government are, if possible, to be destroyed: and Austria, with her standing army, is the strategical basis from which the campaign is to be carried on. The concordat is but the complement of- the treaty of Verona, to which in 1822, France, Russia, Austria, and Prussia were parties— England, to her glory, holding back from tho compact. The third article of the treaty runs : — ' Convinced that the principles of religion contribute most powerfully to maintain nations iu the state of passive obedience which they owe to their princes, tha high contracting powers declare that it is their intention to sustain in their respective do minions snch measures as the clergy may adopt for strengthening their interests, intimately connected with the authority of the prince. The high contncting parties offer their common thanks to the Pope (or all that he has already dune for the subjugation of nations.' (The reading of these words produced great sensation in the audience.) The first article of this treaty compels mutual sup port for tho annihilation of representative govern ment, which tho high contracting parties declare to be incompatible with that passive obedience which they have a right from God to expect from their people. The second compels mutual support for the suppression of the liberty of the press not only iu the dominions of the high contracting parties, but throughout the rest of Europe likewise. (Sensation.) Now, what does this mean in other words ? It means a Continental col lusion of despotic Europe against England— (hear, hear, and applause)— against the great England of representative government and of the free press, (Renewed applause.) Let not England think her Concordat is the name given to a formal agreement be tween the See of Rome and any foreign government, by which tho ecclesiastical discipline of tho Roman Catholic clergy and the management of the churches and benefices within tho territory of that government are regulated. It is, in fact, a diplomatic negotiation and treaty concerning ecclesiastical affairs, which includes also temporalities belonging to the Church. Tho frequent disputes between the Popes ancl the various Princes of Europe touching the right of appointing to vacant sees and benefices, and also about the claims of the Sec of Rome to part, or in some cases the whole, of the revenues of vacant sees and livings, and of the first-fruits and tenths of those which it had tilled, as well as the immunities claimed in various times and countries by the clergy and supported by ilomc, such as exemption from taxation and from the juris diction of the secular courts, the right of asylum for criminals in the churches, 'and other similar claims— all these laws havo giver, occasion to concordats between the Popes and particular States, in order to draw a line between the secular and eccle siastical jurisdictions, and thus put an end to controversy anil scandal. Concordats have become most frequent since tho middle of the eighteenth ccntur —an epoch from which tho European Governments have made themselves more independent of the ecclesiastical power, and the Popes have been for thc most part men of an cniightencd and conciliatory spirit. Tue most celebrated concordat is that agreed upon between Car dinal Gonsalvi, in the name of Pius VI I., and the First Consul Bonaparte, in July 1801. By it tho head of the State had the nomination to the vacant socs, but the Pope was to confer canonical institution; and the- Bishop3 had the appointment to the parishes in their rc!pectivc dioceses, subject, however, to the approbation of the Government. The clergy became subject in temporal matters to the civil power, just like lay man. All immunities, ecclcsiastical courts, and jurisdictions were abolished in France ; and even the regulations of tlie public worship and religious ceremonies, and the pastoral addresses of tho clergy, were placed under tho control of the secular authorities. 'Most of these provisions remain in force in France to the present day. — National Cyclopedia, (1848.) self too safe. On those islands, and beyond the Atlantic, there is still freedom— (stained in the American Republic, with negro slavery, and in this country sometimes so covered over with antiquated systems, as hardly to be perceptible) : — but where does freedom exist in Continental Europe ? Where, in all Germany, which gave birth to the art of printing— where could Guttenberg, if now in his own country once more, find a site for his free press? Where would Luther find an elector to give him a Watzburg? Spielbergs and Spandaus he might have, but a Watzburg — where ? M. Kossuth proceeded to say that he was no alarmist, but if it were permitted to the Papacy to bring Catholic Europe under despotic sway, Protes tantism — divided Protestantism — would be in great peril. Europe again wauted a Luther — the Refor mation a Reformer. (Hear, hear.)— The lecture of the eloquent Hungarian was listened to with great respect, though tho subject was not familiar to the common mind ; but repeatedly — as when he spoke of himself as an exile, but not without friends — thero were loud outbursts of applause. At the close, a vote of thanks was given to the Chairman, on the motion of Mr Mawson, seconded by Mr T. P. Barkas. On Wednesday evening there was njjain a vast (although not a crowded) audience ; nnd all elasscs of the community were worthily represented. As before, M. Kossuth was hailed with enthusiastic bursts of ap plause. On the motion of Sir John l''ifu, Mr Joseph Cowen, jun., was callcd upon to preside, and said a very few words beforo taking the chair. M. Kossuth then rose, amidst loud cheers, and, ob taining the instant attention of his audience, riveted it upon his subject for an hour and a half, charming his , audicnce by his natural eloquence and cultivated' oratory. He began by a questionable assertion — (ques- tionable, if this world is tlio predicted scone) — that the course of tho human race is onward to infinite perfection. To this end, no good effort, however apparently fruitless ^ and unsuccessful, is lost. _ As the process of physical creation is constantly going on, so is the moral. We, with our brief labors, may pass away. The mighty gravedigger, merciless Time, is preparing our tombs from the moment that we poor bubbles, first salute existence. Our lifetime is as no thing, and seems inadequate to the production of great or lasting effects ; and it is sometimes difficult to por suade ourselves that tho progress of humanity is not in cycles, or as the swing of a pendulum. But the fact is otherwise. Tho destiny of our race is ultimate per fection. Sad, however, are its cheeks and reverses, We were congratulating ourselves on our gradual eman cipation from priestcraft ; when lo ! three cunturics after the Reformation — seventy years after the French Revolution— comes this Austrian concordat — entered into, strange to say, by a descendant of that same Maximilian who so greatly valued Luther as an in strument of resistance to thc Pope ! Yes ! tho man to arm the Papacy with this new and formidable weapon is none other than Francis Joseph of Austria, the ' magnanimous prince ' of the Earl of Aberdeen ! To this young Emperor it was left to surrender the rights of Hungary to an Italian priest of Rome and a conclave of cardinals. It was not enough that she was degraded to the position of an Austrian province — the civil structure of society must be destroyed, anil Rome be made the supreme lawgiver of the nation. Church should not interfere with State, nor Stnte with Church. Society cannot obey two masters. But tho Austrian concordat, in violation of solemn guarantees, treacherously betrays Hungarian society into the hands of tho Church of Rome — betrays the nation with an infidelity characteristic of tho house of Hapsburg, which only swears an oath to break it. — M. Kossuth stated the details of the concordat, and showed eow, carried out, it must permeate society with eccle siastical influences, and be tho death of civil and religious life. He quoted the words of Oliver Crom well, uttered two centuries ago, when he admonished the people of England that tho freedom of Hungary was a matter in which their own safety was concerned, The time may come when England may say that Oliver Cromwell was not only a great man, but also a prophet. But if we now go to Westminister, and look around, wc do not find a Cromwell there. If he were asked what England should do, ho would say that sin should demand for Italy freedom from foreign in tervention. Give liberty to Rome, and that will prove a radical remelt against concordats. There is hope, as it is, that tho Austrian concordat may defeat its own end. It may prove a scorpion that shall sting Catholic and Protestant Hungary into revolt. Tho day may come when perjurious Austria shall find her treaty with tho Pope but so much waste paper — good only for tho cheesemonger. Pope and Emperor are filled with other hopes. Their expectation is, by the sub gujation of Hungary, to cry ' Halt' to modern ci vilisation. It may be so. But he (M. Kossuth) would call upon his beloved country to stand firm. There is a God in Heaven. So Revolution teaches, and so all Nature. And let Hungary have faith in God and in herself. In conclusion, M. Kossuth alluded, with modest pride, to his own position. Controlling the re sourcoi of his country in a war carried on against two Emperors at a cost of from seven to eight millions of pounds sterling, when the conflict came to an end, he took up his staff for exile with a hand, clean, but empty, and was reduced to the condition of a plain honest laborer. (Protracted chcers.) Those kind ex pressions of approval told him that he was not thereby lowered in their esteem— that he was reaping, not only material remuneration, but a moral reward. (Ap plause.) So generous and enthusiastic a demonstration of popular affection, he had not expected to experience anywhere in England again. The memory of his visit to ' Newcastle would be one of these things that ho would long dwell upon with delighted and grateful recollection. (Loud and long-continucd cheering.) Sir John Fife, with some remarks on secret diplo macy as a barrier to national action in favor of European freedom, moved a vote of thanks to M. Kossuth; and, on his suggestion, it was carried with three chcers, the company rising, and applauding most lustily. M. Kossuth returned thanks. Ho know tho people of England to be sound at heart, and as warmly at tached as their forefathers to the sacred cause of liberty. It might be, however, that Sir John Fife had hinted truly at one of the hindrances to the exer cise of their goodwill in behalf of downtrodden nations. M. Kossuth moved a vote of thanks to his kind friend and host, the chairman, who had laid him under a fresh debt of obligation by presiding this evening. (Carried by acclamation.) The audience now separated, some remarking that no such orator had ever been heard in Newcastle since tho visit of Daniel O'Connell. On Thursday morning, M. Kossuth was entertained at breakfast in Newcastle, at tho George Inn (Sir John Fife in the chair). Among tho speakers were the Chairman, M. Kossuth, Rev. Georgo Harris, and Rev. J. II. Rutherford ; and a committco was appointed to procure subscriptions in aid of the Protestant schools of Hungary. 