To the Rev. W.. M'Ilwaine. Royal Hotel, Belfast, Tuesday, April 29. Rev. Sir, — The public voice of this town and this province declare that you make an annual exhibition as in the present instance, of certain rancorous attacks against the creed and practices of your Catholic neighbours; it is even said that your weekly addresses are correct abridgements of the persecuting harangues of your ancestors of the sixteenth century. You are quite right always to select the month of April for these public lectures and letters ; it is an appropriate time for your correspondents to reply to you. 1 do not think, however, that you r-re entirely so great a ' fool' as some people think you to be ; for, although you cannot spell well, as the Editor of the Ulsterman has again proved from your second letter to me, you have sense enough to svado the question which a literary opponent fairly puts to you, and which evecjr reader in. Belfast (who bas read my reply to your challenge) sees you can leave unanswered : while in your . usual empty braggadocio, you again challenge me ? to meet you before your jury. But you are caught in your swagger ; you are, as your species ever have been, a hollow bully, and, as a matter of course, a mean, ignorant, shrinking coward j when your antagonist appears before you on tho ground. You have called me a maligner of your Church : I said no, no, not a maligner ; and I gave you j reference to the historians and pamphleteers from which I took the extracts, and the facts of my public. letter to Lord Carlisle Jn the face of the scholars of Belfast, where there are many men of learning, I freely admit, and in the presence of the host of books, which I cited, you repent your original falsehood witlr dishonourable contumacy. Shame on you, Sir, to make a charge of ' ma lignity;' and then, when you are confronted with the evidence of foity-one historians, whom I have named, you degrade your name, and you lessen the eminence of your brethren in your profession, by reiterating your former unsupported and con tradicted assertion. You, in fact, repeat a charge which you know to be a falsehood, and which is proved to be a falsehood ; and I am now at liberty, if I please, to insult you ; and with tbe consent of this entire city, of every denomination, to write on the door of the pulpit of St. George's, that the preacher, before he enters it. ought to wash his mouth and wipe out the visible, the thick, the palpable stain of historical falsehood, before he can make any reasonable men of his congregation believe one word of his assertions, in his hebdomadal bigotry, against the inoffensive worship of his peaceful neighbours. And, pray, why did you not reply to my se cond position in reference to the inspiration of tbe Scriptures? Your religion, in the year 1856, and, indeed, these some years past, is confined to the sole point of ' reading the Scriptures' — in fact, tho Bible is your Church. And your Bible readers, in their bribing the poor, call on these creatures to ' read the scriptures,' but, invari ably never insist in their believing in them, or practising their injunctions. In all the Bible meetings 'of which I have ever read, I declare I have never seen the idea of ' belief and practice' put forth : it is all to ' read ! read ! read !' and the result is, that the great mass of these people think that the mere reading of the Sacred Vo lume, and that the mere belief in the historical existence of Christ, is the sum of Christian duty. I repeat, Sir, this book, without a Sacrament, without a Priest, without a Bishop, is your entire Church. There is no use of talking of English Church, or of Irish Church, or of any Church. This sacred book is, in your creed, tbe one essential practice which saves the soul. Now, Sir, this book being so important to you, I asked you, how could you, as a Prjtestant, prove to an inquirer — Firstly — Whether this volume was a human invention or a revelation from God ? Secondly — Whether the writers named in it really did or did not write it? Thirdly — Whether the volume contains every word they originally wrote on the subject? Fourthly — Whether additions or subtractions were made by any persons, during the lapse of all the past Christian ages. Fifthly — Whether attested copies have been taken of the original autograph of these writers ; and whether these copies have been kept, without any alteration, abrasion, interpolation, or inter lineation 1 And sixthly, I asked on what proof do you rest the assertion, that the Holy Ghost inspired the writers to give it to mankind — as the imme diate revelation of God ? I asked the question in my reply to you. Tbe entire city has read that reply, and have seen the questions which I put to you. I will venture also to add, that the entire population expected that the celebrated orthographist, preacher, elocutionist, controversialist, and April-exhibi tionist of St. George's would say something in defence (not defense) of his Church — namely, the Bible. Although no human being ever heard of a book being a Church till lately, still such being the theory of the thing, we Catholics, and, as I am told, all your admirers (?), the Protes tants ; and, as it is further hinted, all your former friends, the Presbyterians — all, all expec ted that you would come forth, in your, usual brilliant style, like the gorgeous sunrise of a May morning, to make a burning reply to me on this vital point of your creed ; when, lo !you replied to me, like Pnddy Blake's echo in Killnrney — that is, when Paddy shouted out on the. hills of Killarney. ' How do you do, Pnddy Blake?' the echo replied, ' Very well, I thank you.' . Of coure, this was a reply from the echo which the greatest admirers of the echo never expected. In fact, sir, so did you give to me an answer which no man living could have believed, if they did not read it from under your own had. For the very fun of the thing, I shall quote this re ply in extenso : and I undertake to say, thnt this unexpected response far surpasses the Killarney echo of Paddy Blake. I should not wonder if the wits of this town called your sermons , and letters, in future. ' The echoes of Paddy Blake.' Here, sir, is your reply (?) to my questions, as every one in this town can tell with a smile. ' You condescend to tell us how you would have conducted the controversy, in case you had accepted my challenge. Thank you. 'In the first' place,' you say (in order to. establish a pecu liar advantage to myself in future positions be tween us), ' I would deny the authenticity and the inspiration of all the Scriptures.' To be sure you would. It is just the old trick of Rome, and you would, no doubt, have given it with effect. But what, I ask, will the intelligent members of the Church of Rome think of all this, and of the subsequent blasphemy, against Divine truth with which you have swelled your runaway epistle ? So. then, the peculiar vantage-ground of your Church against the Church of Christ is the denial of all that God has revealed to man, as most precious and necessary to salvation. Yes, there you are, on your own chosen and proper platform, alongside of the sceptic, the scoffer, and the infidel, in your miserable attempts to overthrow the foun dations of the Christian faith.' This reply has not a word of answer to my ques tions, as is evident : I shall, therefore, leave you to the sneers of the reader, and proceed to other positions of your Biblical character. From an extract of a sermon of yours called ' Questions for Roman Catholics,' your printed bill has the following words ; — ' 4, What must be the practice in -that Church which sanctions ' Tax Books,' wherein tables are set forth, with rates regulary drawn up, at which crimes are to be paid for — as for example, ' For the murder of a father, mother, brother, sister, or wife each,' £& Is. 8d., while 'for striking a Priest,' it is £6 2s. 2d.,' and 'for striking a Bishop or Archbishop, £24 6s.? And will any Roman Catholic deny the existence of such Books 1 ' 6. What must be the standard of practice in that Church which declares the Pope to be ' God's Vicegerent on Earth,' and ' the Vicar of Jesus Christ,' nnd which yet has numbered among her Pontiffs, according to Cardinal Banonius himself, 'monsters, portents, thieves, robbers, assassins, magicians, murderers, barbarians, and perju rers ?' ' With great respect to the Protestant Bishop of Belfast, this sermon is a disgrace to his diocese ; and when you once offend with impunity, truth, and common decency in these flagitious statements ' from a pulpit,' you take a license to utter in creased 'filth as you proceed in your missionary duties* In fact, you have been permitted for a long time to run riot ih this town maligning the creed of Catholic* in y«ur foul speeches from your jwIpJV; aivd became ;ycu knew that no priest could .accept the. challenge of .any. m.otlerii.novelist.. in religion, or expose his old legitimate title — possessed upwards of eighteen hundred years— to be scrambled for by a set of Evangelical Revo lutionists, without a name, a religion ora-church--, because no priest here or elsewhere, could leave his holy sanctuary to meet nn insane Swaddler in the streets calling for fight outside our. churches you have «t length assumed a maniac phrenzy, akin to insolence, towards nil creeds, as well Presbytarian and Unitarian as Catholic. And, while your former hearers have left you, and your former friends are ashamed of you, and the dif ferent religionists of this city are disgusted with you, you have compelled me, a stranger to brand you with ignorance, and to treat you with my contempt and my scorn ; firstly, for having gra tuitously and malignantly assailed me ; and, secondly, for having shifted in an ignorant sub terfuge from the plain questions which I put to you — viz;, ' Whether your scriptures are a human invention, or the revelation of God ?' No one can injure the creed to which you belong more than yon can by your loathsome epistles ; and I feel quite assured that yonr bishop could render no greater service to the interests of this profes sion or to the good feeling of the city, than to keep you at home, at Windsor, for some time, till you will have recovered from tbe dream of your absurd pretensions. In the meantime if you would apply yourself to Walker's Dictionary, and learn to spell common English, you would not in future be made the butt of public ridicule to the cpmposjtors of your manuscript, or have your letters or bad spelling carried about the town as a jibe among the Catholics. Every thing seems to go wrong with you. Spelling, logic, theology, history, charity — all turn sour, once they enter your literary laboratory ; your creed, too, must undergo a foul alteration while it escapes from your exposition. The words of the celebrated Pope to Dr. Dunne, tbe M'Ilwaine of bis day, may be well applied to you — Faith passed through him, no longer is the tame ; As food digested, takes another name. So, sir, without replying to my questions, fairly put, you send me a second challenge to meet you before your jury, where, you say, you will prove ' that tbe Protestant Reformed Irish Church is the legitimate successor of the ancient Christian Church of this country, the Church of Patrick, and Columb, and Aidan.' You will soon see my letters to the English Reform anti- Church ' Protestant Association,' in which I undertake to prove to demonstration that you have no Church, no Christian worship, no ministry, no Christian creed, in fact, no one mark of the essential Christian Revelation. For your instruction, and for tbe advantage of Catholics, I shall here state the grounds on which I shall join the labours of this powerful, rising party in England, which party will leave the Protestant Preachers in Ire land something to do besides maligning tbe Ca tholics, bribing the poor, teaching perjury, and spreading discord amongst allclasses of Irishmen. Firstly — Then so far from your Church being the successor of any Church heretofore in exis tence, you have no Church. A Christian Church, according to all definitions, is ' a con gregation of Christians, professing the same doctrine, under the government of God, and in structed and led by lawful pastors on earth.' If this definition be correct, you have not at present, or, indeed, never had, a Church. In the first place, you never had a congregation professing the same doctrine. In fact, the thing is morally impossible on your principles. Your essential proposition, as Protestants, is to leave every man to follow his own private judgment in the interpre tation of the Scriptures : with this first principle, as a Protestant axiom, you cannot have any one Protestant congregation in all mankind, who will believe the same doctrine. The licenses of all the congregation to believe as each man wishes, essentially excludes unity of belief: unity in any abstract principle, except the truths of mathe matics, necessarily requires a governing principle to coerce individual opinions : this principle being removed, and individual being left to their opinions, it follows, as a matter of course, that the ignorance of some, the prejudices of others, the vicious 'bent. of a. third class, the want of gracein a fourth, the obstinacy of a fifth section, the natural opposition of a sixth, and so on througlv all classes,, will ultimately have the effect of; producing a, variety of opinions which clearly excludes the idea of 'a congregation believing the same doctrine.' And the history of your creed proves the truth of this primary assertion. You never had a con gregation united in the same doctrine. Within thethree hundred years since Protestants sepa rated from the. true Church, you have had six hundred and fifty-one changes in your creed! — that is, two changes .and the fraction of a change every year ! ! These changes in your creed form the jibe of the infidel ngainst you : and tbe Ca tholics meet you on your own ground, and ridi cule you for pretending to follow the one law of Christ, while they see each of you diffe^.ng more widely from each other in faith, than a, set of strolling players differ in the various characters if their theatrical performance. How full of learn ing you must be when you speak of your Church being a successor to the old Irish Church: but your zeal will cool very much, I fancy, \vhen I fling at you my contemptuous sarcasm on your ignorance of the primary essentials of a Church. Secondly— You are unable, as Protestants, to convince any man in your Babel, whether the Bible is the inspired word of God, or a human invention. You. have no authority to appeal to; you can make no case for your opinions ; you are dumb as the statue of Lord Belfast, in your city, when I jeeringly ask you to tell me if your Bible be tbe Word of God. 'You have no authority to support you ; you have no Church to sustain you ; you have no united congregation to join you ; and when I press you, and really laugh in your face, you stand before me without a word in your mouth, as is clear from the echoes of Paddy Blakej which we heard in your reply to me on this very subject. Thirdly — You have no pastors to instruct you ; they themselves publish this doctrine in all their speeches, where they tell that the bible is the all sufficient principle ; they themselves admit this fact, when they ussure the public that any man in his own house, following his own opinion, is perfectly secure in, his salvation if he never en tered what you call your churches, or received the smallest official service from a pastor. If this be your constant doctrine in all your Bible meetings, it follows, of course that a parson is an unneces sary supernumerary ; he is even injurious, when, like Mr. M'Ilwaine, he writes April letters, and preaches 5th of November sermons ; it follows, also, that Bishops are a monstrous imposture, :at a cost of eight millions and a half of money annually, the legitimate hoard (not the horde) of English and Protestant cupidity. That you hnvo no pastors, therefore, is your own admission ; and hence, it is clear, you are deficient in a second essential part of the definition of a Christian Church. Fourthly — You are not ordained, rior is your Bishop (towards whom I, in common with the priests and Catholics of Belfast, entertain a dis tinguished respect) consecrated. In the year 1559, the second year of Queen Elizabeth, Bar bow was the link between the old Catholic hier archy arid Elizabeth's Bishops; it was he who (as it is said) consecrated Parker, the first Pro testant Archbishop of Canterbury. But bear me : — Barbow was not himself consecrated : nnd thus sir, the link of the episcopacy has failed. Yes, sir, you arc not ordained. The consecration oi' Parker is 6aid to have occurred in the year 1559 : thirty-five of tho historians whom I have named, jn my reply to you say no : several of. these lived in the end. of the sixteenth century : not one his torian ever contradicted these writers till tbe year 1613 ! when Mason wrote a contradiction to the universal_vofoe.. _of .-history, ...£fty~f-m»~-y«ars after the supposed occurrence. It is rather a good joke' to defend a supposed, fact, fifty four years after its supposed occurrence, when on answer conld so readily be given during. half, a century previously. 'No, no, Sir— you are eeiw trinly not ordained; you. are a layman) you have no congregation of Christian believers : you have no Church ; you have no authority t you have no government : you are, in a word, nothing more' or less than. Mi. William M'Ilwaine of Belfast publishing falsehoods of Catholics, spreading discord among Presbyterians, and grossly offending liberal Protestants, y» a house called St. George's and on a platform called a pulpit. No, Sir, you hare no Church, or any thing like a Church ; and therefore your wild assertion, that you are so.old as St. Patrick and Columb, is quite as ridiculous as the Dutch tragedy, the ' Creation,' where Adam is presen ted as shaved, powdered, and dressed in doeskin, boots and spurs, coming out on tbe stage to be created. So you intend, Sir, to address your jury in 111* Victoria-hall on next Thureda) evening. 'Why not reply to me in tome local journal, wher# every one could read your answer and coolly judge your historical accuracy and theological learning? Why not have all Belfast a jury, from th« evi dence of a newspaper, rather than a mere hand ful of excited men, at eight o'clock at night? What a loss I shall have if I cannot bo present on Thursday evening, if it were for nothing more than to hear your accomplished elocution, an im provement I should hope, on your orthographical attainments. Mr. M'Uwaine, you commenced this corresr pondence— you began it by a most gratuitous attack on me: your townsmen will judge of the issue between us. I have written many contro versial letters in my life ; they were all replies. I have never, even in one instance, made an ag gression on the creed of any man : and I never will, nor never shall, till forced by challenge : you have driven me into these replies : as I have already told you, you would regret coming in. literary contact with me — your co- religionists In this city say you are a person of shallow literary acquirements : others who differ from you in Belfast go further in their bitter censure of your presumption ; and when I recollect your challenge to me, and when I read your reply, I must say, that your bigotry has no parallel in yourself ex cept your clear ignorance of history and theology. I am, Rev. Sir, most trulv yours, D. W. CAHILL, D.D. The World. — The world may make a man unfortunate, but not miserable; that is from himself. Every man, like a bottle of champagne, is' des- tined to ' pop off.' The Eakl of Clarendon's Last.— The last mot attributed to the Earl of Clarendon by the gossips of Paris is as. follows:— 'I sign a peace at Paris, and go to open a war in London.' 