THE LATE ORDINATION. To the Editor of the Times. Sir—I read, in your paper of this morning, a report of the Ordination held in Trinity Church on Friday last, and of mv protest against the priestiny of the Kev*. William Wood, of Penwortliam, who had been kept in Deacon's orders for several years, in consequence of his various shortcomings in the ministerial qualifications. I was called upon to oppose his admission into priest's orders. I felt it to be a very painful duty to do so. My object was to cause him to consider his past slander ing and backbiting ; and to reform for the future ; and to make a restitution and apology for the injury caused by him to his neighbours and brethren. I learn, from the communications made to me this day, that many of the publie blame me for bringing the matter before the congregation in church instead of communicating the charge to the Bishop secretly. Will you allow me to state to the public, that I did communicate my intention to the Bishop secretly sixteen days before the Ordination was held. I gave an oppor - tunity to his Lordship to bring the accused party and myself face to face in the presence of any persons clerical or lay. But as the Bishop declined to notice the matter in a secret manner, it was mv painful duty to bring it before him at the time and place suggested bt' the rubric of the Church of England. That placo is the Church, and the time in the hour n which the candidate lor holy orders is presented to the Bishop by the Chaplain ; and when the Prelate gives an invitutiwi to any ohjectiouer 4 to come forth in the name of the Lord," and to declare his object on, and to make known the ground thereof. When all this is done, the Bishop is in dutv bound to "surcease from ordaining that can didate until such thac as he shall he found clear of the crime with which he is charged." But, on Friday, the Bishop neglected the duly of surceasing from ordaining the accused party. But this was not the most grave transgression of the ecclesiastical law committed by the Bishop at the Ordi nation on Friday. The most serious transgression was his Lordship's conduct in dispensing with the consti tuting oaths, which he was hound to administer to eaeh of the candidates for ordination in the Church, in i the presence of the congregation, in the middle of the Ordination Service, as directed by the Rubric, and as , practised by all the Bishops of the United Church of England and Ireland. i The two constituting oaths, which the Bishop of Ade laide omitted to administer to the candidates, were " the Oath of the Queen's Supremacy and the Oath against 1 the power and authority of all Foreign I'otentates. The ' forms of these oaths, and the time and place of their 1 administration, are prescribed in the Book of Common j Prayer. They are to he administered by the Bishop's \ Registrar to each of the candidates, before his Lordship ! begins to put questions to their consciences, and before ; he places his hands on their heads, and before he utters j to each of them the words—" Take thou authority . . . . ' receive thou the Holy Ghost " A man is not constituted a clergyman of the State ; Church until these oaths are administered to him, and j taken bv him. These three gentlemen—Mr Andrews, i Mr W ood, and Mr l.viuis—are apu*fohculh/ i but they are not legally ordained, because the Consti- 1 tvtixo Oaths were not administered to them. They I are not under any ministerial obligation to obey the \ Queen, and to o/>pose. the power and authority of' alt 1 Foreign Potentates, as they did not take the oaths usually taken by Anglican clergymen at their ordina tion. The gentlemen were made successors of the Apostles, but they were not made Anglican clergymen. Let us always consider them men of the apostolical succession, j Let u* treat them as such, because Bishop Short put ■ his hands on the head of eaeh priest, and said '* Ke- i ceive thou the llolv Ghost for the office and mark of a j priest in the Church of God now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands. Whose sins thou dost j forgire, they are forgiven ; and whose sins thou dost j retain they are retained." ; Such was the authority given on Friday to Mr Wood j ofPenwortham, by Dr Short, who is himsoli' a successor of the Apostles. Let no man despise his authority. But let him be an example of the believers, in word, in - conversation, in charity, in spirit, in laith, and in , purity.—1st Tim. iv., 12. j I am sorry tint the Lord Bishop of Adelaide com- ! initted himself so gravely by refusing to surcease from j ordaining the accused party until such time as lie could j be found clear of the crimes with which he was charged, , and bv omitting to administer the constituting oaths to the candidates at the proper time and proper place. { His Lordship's conduct at this ordination was con- J trury to the usages and practices of the English Church ' since the days of Edward VI.—it was contrary to the j oaths taken by the Bishop at his consecration when he j was appointed Bishop of Adelaide—it was contrary to j the written rules of his Church ; and what astonishes j me more than all is the fact, that it was contrary to his i Lordship's own practice at his former ordinations. I j well remember that at the Febrstary ordination the oaths j were administered to the then candidates at the proper j place and proper time. I hope his Lordship lias not j rendered himself liable to a deprivation of bin mitre j and to an expulsion from his bishopric. i 1 am, Sir, yours, itc., JOHN HUBERTS, AVho has been for above forty years a member of the Church of England. Norwood, July 2G, 1S.5G. 