BRITISH EXTRACTS. THE REGENERATION OF POLAND. CFrom the Unit. Sfptenber 6 ) The. regeneration of Poland has long bees a favonrite topic with a select band of amiable philanthropists, who were not unwilling to ob tain a little floating popularity at the eipetue of their reputation for common prudence and com- . man sense. - To their . vaguo declamation no serious importance was nuacueu, ior u w» «s powerless ? for evil as for good. An occasional dinner at Freemasons' Hall, an annual ball at tha Guildhall, an abundance of nonsensteil en thusiasm, whieh couli not bo converted into sense by any aitiliee of rhyme, the eflferveicenco of a vestry' meeting, or of a small junta of parochial sympathizers, have baen the chief frnits of the ' moromoat' during the qutrter of a century which has just elapsed. Of coursf, it wat a perfectly simple matter for poor, Lord Dudley Stuart and his friends to hurl their re proachei at those who were acting undet a deeper sens* of responsibility ; but had they been in power themsolres, they would just aa little have dared to press on the adoption of their Sovereign and of the British Parliament tint policy which they so earnestly advocated amid the reiterated 'hips' of their husky tonttmastors and the maudlin applause of their convivial senates. We know now what a war with Russia means, now that we have the sympathies of Europe at our back — now that our strongtb is doubled by tho alliance of chivalrous Franco.. We know what blood, whn troisuro, wliat suffering it en tails to carry war to the enstern boundary of civilizttion. With all conditions in out favour wo hare found, to our cost, that to shatter effect ually the Rtrongth of that disciplined savagery which Russia can doom to d09tm:tion is not an easy task. Miny an English mother refuses to bo comfortod — many an English wife has been driven to despair — as tho first fruits of the fiery contest in which wo aro engaged. Tho Scottish moon and the stubble-fiolds of autumnal Eng land miss the presunce of miny a gallant gentle man who now lies cold and joyless in bis scanty grave in the Tauric Chersonese. There is mourn ing in our cottages and in tha huoiblo dwellings of our artiztns j from them, too, strong mon hare gone forth npon whom tlie ores of thoso who loved thorn and wished them well will never rest again on this side of eternity. England does not grndgo tlis precious sicrifico, although sho knows its value; but, knowing as we now do the full meaning of a war with Russia, are wo to be told that long since, in very wmtonnois — when all political condiiions wore us untoward as they' are now favourable —when the co operation ' of Franco was more than dubious— when the late Ozar was in the primo of his strength, his prestige unshaken, and his supremacy over the Gorman Courts an article of roligious faith— we ought to have organized a crusade against ttie Muscovite, with tho object of regenerating a country which could not assist itself, and which must have been rdnchod by our soldiers across a continent in arras P Wero we, in order that Lord Dudley Stuart might clap us on the shoul der, and M. Koasuth add from Alpha road his exequatur- to our proceedings, to ontor upon a struggle in which our fleets would have counted for nothing. No doubt the partition of Poland— let us. take' the successive partition* as one — was a foul stain upon the character of the throe nations which were the' principal parties to it. We do' not hold France, nor do we hold England, froe from blame ?n a secondary degree, but the gain has all been to Russia. As far as Austria and Prussia are concerned, their Polish provinces havo to them been sources of contant uneasiness. They were' bnt the first parallels, in which thoir encroaching noighbour could lodge himBolf at will. Tho cold calculations of Frederick, who doalt with human passions as with tho symbols of an equation, and the misgivings of Mario Theresa; havo borne fruit equally bitter to their succoss'irs. All the gain has been for Russia, and wo fo.ir, when the question cemes to bo tried, that tho subtle policy of Russia will be found to havo been successful. Wo moro than suspect that the Poland of poets iind young ladies, the Poland of Lord Dudley Stuart and Long-acre, exists only in the imagi nation of its enthusiastic friends. Let in go no further back than 1830. Fur a quarter of a century the Russian police havo been celebrating one long St. lintholomow in unhappy Pound; The hangman and the shooting party have dealt witli all men who enjoys 1 a roputation for patriotism, ability, or honesty. Some, indeed, mar have escaped the comparative mercy of a violent death, but, if so, they were removed to Siberia, where they have pissed awjy like ghosts at cockcrow, or, if any still exist, thoy must have well nigh forgotton their own identity. Moan while Russians, or, far worse, renegade Poles, have taken tho places* of the murdered patriots. Tho soil his been confiscated,' and intrusted to safe hands ; a stringent civil and miliUry orga nization hai been introduced ; the education of all Pol 58 now resident in their native country and beneath the age of twonty-five years has been conducted under tbo auspicoi of the Russian authorities. All his been directed with unsparing, ruthless determination, with constant watchful ness, with the most diabolical ingenuity to the attainment of one end— that of the conversion of Poland into Russia. The peasantry, as wo aro inforinod by travellers, are scarco cognizant any louger of their former nationality. True it is that their suftirings as RusiianB may bo quite, sufficient to suggest and justify revolt ; but it \t- much to bo feared thrt the patriotic orators who ondeavour in Landon and in Paris to convert ui to their viows far overstate tho probabilities of the kase when thoy Sjicak of the facility with which to.o Russian Poles might bo raised as by an elea *ic shock to cast off the yoko of their syigumary oppressors. \ '.'aesa tew observations Uave baen suggested to\bi by a report which appeired iqi our columns yestirday of the proceedings at a mooting which was seld on Monday evoning last rt the Tcwn hilli.i Derby. It would be a mere waste of time a,id patience to dicuss seriously the terms of the resolution ultimately adopted by this mid land Wiuenugenaote. They speak at their eass when thly talk of ' the absolute necessity of turning tUo present war to the benefit of justice. nd humanity by calliqg the Polish nation to arms to regain its independence without interfering in any way in its intornal form of government Sec. We wonder if the two aspiring statesmen. Messrs. Flowkor and Birron, eve contemplated the amount of English statesmen, speaking in the namo of tUo nation, wero to ynvoko. the aid of revolutionary Europe ? Of courao, if wo do once call thato poor people to arms, wo mrot stand by theinyo the last guiaoa and tha last man which HoiUnd could produce. - As we road these Sre-brea(tb\ing manifestos we cannot for (ho lifo of us, baVi'ish from our minds the ghastly conclusion of1,' uniuecessfal torolbs, especially when Russia plies the scourge, loads the musket, and ties the halter* We entreat, of Mbssrs. Flowker and Barron to paust) if, for no oiuenroa son, for tho sake of tbs unfortunate Poles. What . woutd they have ns do ? M. do Chylinski, a Polish speaker at the Derby meeting, stated his view broadly enough ; — ' SUvoniap*, Poles, Hungarians, Italians, Circassians, FinUnders, — ay, and Siberians, will drown Muscovy, Austria, Prussia in tha blood of their butohered brethren.' This is but wild talking. We can scarce march to Warsaw without some stronger assurance. If there be any life in Poland, we are playing hsr gams in tho Biltic and the Cri mea fir moro eGfcctnally than under the walls of impregnable fortroiscs, which it would require a most successful campaign even to reach, and which, as we know from our experience beforo Sebattopol, are not likely to surrender at tht summons even of W. de ChylinskL TrtK Weather amd tkb Chops iic Irbland.— la Dublin, rain commenced about tvro o'clock on Monday morning, and it was ons down-pour until nearly four o'clock p.m. that day. Since then, there have been occasional showers ; but not for any continuance. In consequence of rain having from time to time . fallen in most quarters of the islands, the accounts of the crops received from the provinces this week are not so favourable as they hnve been ; nevertheless, the only com plaint refers to the cereals being laid , in aevetal localities. Some barley and oats have been already cat : in Dundalk mar ket on Monday, some new oats were sold at the remunerating price of sixteen shillings per barrel. The complaints about the potatoes . are ' few and far between ;' and no doubt seems now to be entertained, but that this' important crop will be an abundant one. The Dublin Evening Post thus sums up its harvest . report s — 'With fine weather for the nect four or five weeks, we might calcu late upon a good harvest. With the ex ception of vague rumours, we hear little about potatoe blight, although, doubtless, there are isolated instances.' : Eighty Milks fob a SHiMmn.— - The effects of railway competition were shown at Manchester on Saturday, when the .Lancashire and Yorkshire and East Lan cashire Railway Companies advertised to take passengers to Southport, a watering place on the west coast, distant 40 miles, and back at Is. each, the tickets availabe until Sunday evening. The result was, that passengers presented themtelves in such numbers, that they had to. stop booking, and refine more money. Each company sent off four long trains, con. taining 1,001) persons in each train ; thus 'nearly 9,001) persons were 'enabled to make the trip at the small charge of Is., leaving the respective companies a profit of over £150 upon the speculation. |; A University Examination.— ' He was asked* What brute animal is recorded as having spoken in scripture V Mr. Nethersole looked first at the table before him, then at the ceiling and walls of the rooms; and finding they afforded no assis tance, at last answered, 'the whale.' The examiner was taken rather aback at this preposterous reply ; but wishing to sound the depth of the examinee's ignorance, he proceeded to ask to whom the whale spake? * To Moses in the bulrushes,' answered Nethersole ; who now fancied he was get ting on famously. ' What passed between them V was the next question. ' Moses said unto the wbale, Thou art the man.' ' High Fobehead3.— The notion that high foreheads, in women, as well as in men are indispensable to beauty, came into vogue with phrenology, and is going out with the decline of that pretentious .and plausible ' science*' Not long ago more than one ''fine lady' shaved her head to give it an ' intellectual ' appear ance, and the custom of combing the hair back from the forehead probably originated in the same mistaken ambition. When it is cons.dered that a great expanse of fore head gives a bold masculine look— that from frons (forehead) comes the word effrontery — it will not be wondered that the ancient painters, sculptors, and poets, considered a lory ' forehead ' a charming thing in woman,' and, indeed, indispensa ble to female beauty. Horace : praises Lycoris for her low forehead {tenuii fron8)t and Marshal commends the same ; grace as decidedly as he praises the arched eye-brow. The artists in stone and pigments know very well that modesty and genteelness could not be made to consist with tall heads or extreme ly broad ones, and, accordingly, without a single notable exception, their women— unless made on purpose to represent shrew and the coarser class of cyprians— have low foreheads, But nature, a higher authority, has distinguished tha fairest of the sex in the same way; and foolishly perverse are they who make themselves anew in the hope of improve- : merit. \ General Guyok.— The personal ap pearance of General Quyon, as it first struck me, was prepossessing. His short, but muscular frame, betrayed great strength and activity. His face expressed resolution and courage, and was soldier like, without bearing the aspect of semi* ferocity which our historical painters de light to bestow on the lineaments of their martiaj heroes. J± clear sunburnt com* plexion, lighted up by piercing blue eyes, and encircled by acurliqg chesnut-coloured beared, presented » strango 'contrast loathe dark melancholic fsatures of theO tinman commanders who surrounded him. Qsne ral &uyor;» was in the prime of manhood, bei'ng forty'- two. yean of age ; but pre mature wrinkles, drawn strongly ac rots the forehead, bere- witness to. a pait e;:ist of fatigue and anxiety. A fine two rds- ' man, a splendid and graceful rider, Guyon wat intended by nature for a cavalry general ; and if his talents as a commander, are contested, none can deny hit generous qualities or his brilliant courage. Goyon appeared insensible to fatigua. His habits at Kars astonished the calm in* dolent Turkish pachas, and not a little annoyed the officers immediately connected with him, who were totally unaccustomed to such activity. He rose at daybreak mounted with his aide-de- camp— and either visited the fortifications that were being constructed around the town, or inspected the troops. At nine he break fasted, to which meal the small Anglo Saxon colony with tha army had standing invitations. At eleven, Guyon again com*, menced his inspections, and hit whole day thus passed on horseback. At .?unset, he dined with the Muchir Zarif Mustafa Pacha, and then plans were daily formed that were never doomed to be realised. These meals generally commenced with compliments, and concluded in violent re criminations. The evening was passed by Guynn at his quarters, in addressing com munications or/ remonstrances to. the Seraskier at Constantinople, on the de* plorable condition of the army, that were destined to be totally unheeded. Later in the evening, his most familiar friends took their coffee or pipes with him, and talked over past times, or their distant homes. The early hours of the morning Guyon passed in dictating letters and plans to his military secretary, Major Bonfanti ; and never till one or two o'clock did he retire to rest, arid then only to enjoy a few hours' repose;— Duncan's Campaign with the Turks in Asia. , . The Dead.— CtraioT/s Caiottlaxioms. -—Scientific writers assert that the num ber of persons .who existed since, the be ginning of time amounts to 36,627,843, 275,075,846. These figures, when di vided by 3,095,01)0 — the number of square leagues of land on the globe— leave 11,320,089,732 square miles of land which being divided as before, give 1 ,1}4,G22,97G persons to each squate mile. Let us now reduce miles to squve rods, and the number will be 1,853,174, 600,000, which being divided as before will give 1,283 inhabitants to each square rod, which beingreduced to feet, will give about five persons to each square of terra firma. Thus it will be peceived that our earth is one vast cetnetary— 1,283 human beings lie. buried on each square rod— scarcely sufficient for ten graves. Bach grave must contain . 128 persons. Thus it is easily seen that the whole surface of our globe has been dug over 128 times to bury its de&d.;—Green8bur-; Democrat. Reybnub or the Post-owiob.— A hundred yean ago the revenue of the Post-office was j& 140,001); it is now two and a half millions sterling. ., Sixty years ago the mails were conveyed at the rate of three and four miles an hour ; they are now conveyed thirty; forty, and fifty miles an hour. Cttbiovs Sbmtekcb.— The .: following verse contains every letter in the English alphabet except ' E.' It is a question whether any other English rhyme can be produced (in print) without the letter ' E,' which is a letter employed more, than any other. By inserting the word vex instead of tax, in the second line, the verse would contain all the letters of. the alphabet :— ( A jovial swain m»y rack his. brain, j And tax his fancy's might To quiz in vain, for 'tis most plain, j That what I did was right. ! A Gentleman, ' unaccustomed to public speaking ' becoming embarrassed, whit. pered to to his friend, ' Quick, quick, give me a word !' Upon which the other replied, 'Yes, yes; what word do you want ?' : j 