POMl'EY'S GHOST A r-ATIimic B»u,4¿' " Skins may differ, but affection Dwells In whltoandMMkVhí1^.] Twas twelve o'clock, not to,," J But twelve o'clock at noon ! "I Because the ran was ihlnhurL, And not the silver moon a proportion for friends tool. On Pots, or Penny Post . °" When, lo I as PhojlM sat after,. ShoBawhorPompoy'saC,' Now, when a female has neill T,Fro»_0°Pl° that are dead Uko Paris ladies, she receive Cor visitors in bed. But Pompey's spirit would not c. \- Like spirits that are white, "4'' Because she was a Blackamoor And wouldn't show at nlgTui Rainfall unexpected thaT That happen to us here The most unpleasant is not in what the cry dear So Phoebe screamed an awful cry. To prove a seaman's text 2 That after black appearance's White squalls will follow C, " Sir P,l>ob1doar ! oh ribbon dress Don't go to scream or him You think because I'm Waa i." The Devil, but I ain't a Behind the heels of Lad, 2,-.. Iwalkodwhtlolhadbrn«, But that is past, and I am not' A-walking actor Death " s No murder though, I come low By base and Woody crime . T So Phoebe, dear, put on your n. To some more fitting time. No Coroiior, Uko a boatswain's. My body need attack, With his round dozen to dud me Why I have died so black. "Ohio Sunday, shortly after tea My skin began to burn, ' As If I had in my inside Ahoator, like the um; Dolirlotis In the night I grew And as I lay in bed, They say I gathered all the wool You see upon my hand. "His lordship for his doctor sent My treatment to begin : ' I wish that he had called him out Boforoliocallodliiinhi' For though to physic he was bred And passed at Surgeons' Iljji To make his post a sinecure, ' He never cured at all ! "The doctor looked about my feet And then about my last I And then he shook his head and BU Your corn looks very black.' And first. he sent me hot day crime And then gamboge to swallow' \- . But still my fever would not turn To scarlet or to yellow. " With madder and willi turmeric He made his next attack ; But neither honor in! his death Could stop my dying Hack." At last I got so sick of life, And sick of being closed, On Monday morning I gave up My physio and the ghost ! "Oh Phoebe dear, what pain it in To cover every tie I , You know black beetles feel as much , As grants whom they do. And if there is a bridal bed, Or bride of little worth, It's lying in a bed of mould Along with Mother Earth. " Alas 1 some happy, happy day, In church I hoped to stand, And like a mud' or some skin, receive your lily hand. But sternly with that piebald mitta By fate untimely clashes, For now like Pompo doubled, I'm sleeping in my ashes ! "And now farewell 1 a last helpful I'm wanted down below, And have but time enough to ada One word before I go : In mourning crape coalmine Never spend your precious pets; Don't go in black for me for I can do it for myself. Hence to to within my grave I rats!, But Death, who there inherits, Allowed any spirit leave to come, You seemed so out of spirits: But do not sigh, and do not cry, By grief too much engrossed, Not for a ghost of color, turn The color of a ghost. "Again farewell, my Phoibodrar! I Once more a last adieu I For I must make myself as scarce As Swans of sable hue." From black to grey, from groytonat¡i The shape began to fade ; And, like an egg, though not so -Mr, The ghost was newly laid. a . ? 