Oijma. (From Ike IfcraUt.) ' From Hongkong our dates are to Septem- ber, 10th; ' Durlug the past month, it is said that the "evidences of the peaoe of the greater part ol the province of Canton hâve been so pluln, iii Hie revival of trade and receipt of large supplies of detained produce, as well as in tho regulur arrivals and departures of the passage-boats, from Canton, that the insur- rection in this quarter may be regarded as entirely suppressed. The remaining ünn-Js of insurgents are either In the hilly regions towards Hunan, or hove fled to the coast, in either placo to reel that they are outlaws from their native town and hamlets, and can never return openly. It is to be wished, for the «ake of Humanity, that the authorities would now declare a more effectual omneBty for past offences than they have heretofore done;'and that the executions which still t.ike place were put a stop to ; but sa far as dno can leam the true slato of mullers from tho people, it is in n great measure owing to the'' lower officers and the gentry that so many criminals are brought into Canton, and riot mainly to the highest provincial officials. By a report obtained from good authority, it appears thut over 70,000 men have been publicly executed in Canton Bince February or the Chinese new-year ; further enquiries on this point ore in the course of being made, and tho total may turn out to be greater rather than less. The same autho- rity ' states the number put to death at Shauking-fu at 27,000, and about 20,000 at the taking of the lort nt Blenheim Reach, and the subsequent copturcs among the vil- lages thereabouts. It) many pinces houses have been erected where suspected or proscribed persons may commit suicide, and thus save thoir posthumous reputations, and be buried by their famiïés ¡ and hun- dreds are enid to have gono to these places where their bodies would be identified, and put An end to thomsalves by hanging or taking opium. Many women, probably those who have lost all hopes of support or safety, have also destroyed themselves. Such things as these show how sad is the stale of the native society, and how wide spread is the desolation the insurrection has caused in this province. Its resulte, as far as one can judge, have been unmitigated evils to Hie people of all purtles. 'Oii Hie 9th September one of the leaders, named Karn Sin, wss put to death by the lingering punishment, having been cut up in '108 pieces. There ore three grades of tills mode of execution, the two other grades, 'where the criminul is divided into twenty-four or thirty-six pnrts, not being con- sidered-so disgraceful. This leader headed th~6 bands which threatened the north of the olly -last autumn ond winter. More than 500 of lesser note wore executed the same day ; and on one day last month over 700 were killed. There has been a festival of seven days lately held, something like All Souls festival, for the repose of the spirits of the officers and soldiers killed during the contest, so that their names mny "leap the shudes." Largo contributions have been give» 'by high authorities, and most of the religious ceremonies have tuken plncu near the execution ground, where it is doubtless supposed that more ghosts flit than else- where. One of the must affecting sights connected with this mntler is that of a hun- dred or more coolies lounging ulong the street, waiting for the executions, that they may pounce upon and seize the yet palpi- tating bodies, hurry off willi them to pits. Certainly, a Government that cun put its subjects to death in this manner can htirdly 'be called a weak ono, any moro than the in- surrection which has involved such loss can be regarded as popular. 