LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. Br.ACKwoou's jr.vnAzixp. for January.— Wo are glad to welcome again to his well-filled book shop our indefatigable and enterprising friend, Mr George llobertson, who has'liccn on a visit to England to extend and coiuolidutc his business. As a proof of his industry we have received our (gratuitous) copy of Old Ebony for January, with the assurance that it will be regularly supplied to us in future on the sama easy terms. There had been an awkward blank in our monthly receipts of our old favorite for about the last six months, occasioned by a deficiency in tho supply sent from tho pub lishers. Wo shall take occasion to give an extended notice of the contents of the number in hand. Meanwhile, we a.'fain ?wish Mr Robertson success in his noble vocation of circulating tlin best English literature through tho homes of Victoria. May his business in that way increase ad indcfinitiim ! And, lost we should incur tho charge of favoritism, we wish the same thing for all our real booksellers. Sheep Stealing. — William L. Gladwyur, who was brought up last weeek at the District Court and remanded, was again brought up yesterday on a charge of stealing five lambs, the property of Mr William Wright, of the Deep Creek, and fully committed to take his trial at the next criminal Sessions of the Supreme Court. Mr Boyle appeared for the prosecution aud Mr Tufton Smith for the defence. Haviso a Stoles Cow is His Possession.— Yesterday Mr Henry Atwooa appeared at the District Court to answer the charge of having a stolen cow in his possession, belonging to Mr John Manley. The evidence not being sufficient to enable tlio Bench satisfactorily to decide the case, it was reminded till the 28th inst. Lunacy. — A lunatic, named Thomas Jenkins, was brought up before Mr Hackett at the District Court yesterday, and re manded for seven days. Stealing from a Dwelling House. — Yesterday an old offender, named Margaret Butcher, was brought up before tho District Bench, by Detective Hennessy, charged with stttiling wearing apparel from a dwelling house at Kow. Tho charge being fully proved she was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Having a Stolen Mare in his Possession. — Robert Montgomery appeared before Mr Hackett, tha stipendiary magistrate, at tho District Court yesterday, charged with being in . possession of a stolen mare, well knowing it to bo stolen. The prisoner wa? fully committed for trial. Having in his Possession a Stolen Deposit Receipt for £500. — The charge of stealing a deposit receipt preferred by Detective Powell against a man named John Greene having been altered to a charge of having a deposit receipt in his possession, the prisoner was again brought up at tho District Court yesterday. Mr Haokott remanded the case till Thursday for additional evidence. Chairman of the Municipal District op Riciimon-d.— nis Excellency has been pleased to appoint William Highett, Esq., to be the Chairman at tho meeting of the resident house holders and landowners within the municipal district of Rich mond, appointed to be held in tho Richmond Assembly Room, hi Swan street, Richmond, at half-past seven o'clock, p.m., on Monday, tho fourteenth day of April instant, and at all ad journments thereof, pursuant to tho Act of council, 18 Victoria, No. lfl, sec. 11.— Government Gazstte Extraordinary. Embezzlement.— Frederick Flowers, who is in custody for embezzlement, made his appearance again yesterday, before the district Bench and was onco more remanded till to-day. Detective Powell, who has charge of the case, was also present. Drunk and Disorderly. — Six individuals, who had been guilty of riotous and disorderly conduct in tho public thorough fares near the city, wero brought up before Mr Hackett, yester day, and summarlv dealt with. A Suspected Burglar.— A suspected burglar named Charles Forest, was brought up before the district Bench, yesterday, in tho custody of detective Powell, on suspicion of burglary. At his own request, tho prisoner was rctnamU'd for Beven days. The Little Bendigo Murder. — It will doubtless be recol lected that about twelve months since, when there was it rush to Little Bendigo and Mount William, a most brutal murder was committed on a female, one of the four ruffians who had stuck up the party she was travelling with, deliberately, and without the slightest provocation on the woman's pint, draw ing a pistol, and shooting her through the breast. The ruf fians at the time escaped, but within the last fortnight De tective Sergeant O'Neil has succeeded in capturing them in this district, and they have been remanded to Melbourne. — Bendigo Courier. Robbing a Digger. — Patrick McDermott, a tall, good looking Irishman, who has made a pile at the diggings and taken passage by the Frances Henty for England, appeared at the City Court, on Monday, to substantiate a charge against Charles Hargrave for robbing him of a pocket-book containing a miner's right, bills of exchange, n £1 note, two sovereigns, and a nugget pin and ring; and John Stephenson, as acces sory. It appeared that McDermott had gone into the Sports man's Arms to drink, and by some means dropped lliese articles out of his pocket, when they were picked up by tho prisoner, who, instead of handing the property over to tho landlord or giving him notice of tho fact, carried it off to tho National Hotel. Here they were secured. The defence was, of course, that the property was picked up, and no owner ap pearing, it had been appropriated. The miner's right was found on Stcphcnson. The Bench pronounced them Utility, and offered them the alternntivo of having tho matter decided at once or sent for trial. They ultimately elected for n sum mary decision, when Htirgrnve was ordered one month's im prisonment.'nnd his mate fourteen days. The Robbery in .—At the City Court on Monday, James and Eliza Turner were brought up on re mand, charged with robbing Michael Sexton of £212, but the prosecutor not making an appearance, and no further evidence having been elicited, the prisoners were both discharged. Robbery at A Hotel Bar.— Elizabeth Jones, an old offender, was brought up at tho Police Court on Monday, charged bv Alfred Gillett with robbing Thomas Green or a ono pound' note. It appears that Green, accompanied by another man, went into Hockins's bar to have a nobbler, and in drawing his hand out of his pocket ho pulled out a one pound note and a sixpence which fell to tho ground. The prisoner was standing by, nnd was seen by the prosecutor lo pick up both, conceal tho note in her bosom, nnd hand uvcr the sixpence to Green. The woman stated that the money, nnd some pawn tickets found on her person, were her own proportv ; that her husband was nt tho diggings where- she and her children are about to join him. Tho Bench, relying upon the statemont of Gillett, committed her for one month to gaol. False Cheque.— At the Police Court, on Monday, a man named Arthur Duff, alias Jeremy Diddler, alias Hughes, was charged by Hugh Murray with issuing a false cheque upon the bank of Australasia in payment :-i n horse, value £32 15.«. Od. On its presentation at the bank tho payment was refused. The horse had not been removed, tho conditions of sale re nuiring payment before delivery. The prisoner, who, it ap pears, is in'tho habit of frequenting the horse-yard* for the purpose of entrapping tho unwary, was sentenced under ttte vagrant Act to three months imprisonment Little Bourke stukkt.— Ellen Wilson,an married woman, often before the Court, appeared once more on Monday morning to prefer a charge against James Burns forferociously assaulting and maltreating her. This party lives in a right-of-way bshind the Elephnnt and Custle, in Little Bonrko street. The detec tive police spoke as to the house being of the most disreputable character imaginable, and n perfect nuisance to the neighbor hood. An old lady appeared to give evidence that her property there was seriously diminished in value since tho residence of this man ??us fixed thero. The Bench niter administering n suitable reprimand, sentenced tho prisoner to three months Heartless Conduct.— At the City Court on Monday, John Smith was charged with deserting his wife and three children. His wife, a decent looking woman, stated that the prisoner, who is a musician, had been in the habit of treating her with great brutality. She was married to him in Newcastle-upon Tyne and while in England he had so seriously misconducted himself towards her that he had been imprisoned for six months in Stafford gaol. By great efforts, and carefulness, Mrs. Smith and her mother had saved up £45 in order to procure her passage to this colony. Since then the poor woman has had to support herself and family by washing, while her husband has daily squandered his earnings in debauchery. A few days since he returned to his dwelling while his wife was in bed. He smashed his violin over her head, and then with a knife stabbed the bed-clothes in several places, and at last wounded his wife in the left arm. He also threatened the death of her mother. The prisoner denied that the woman was his wife although it was shown that he had lived ten years with her. The Bench believing him to be a thorough scoundrel, sentenced him to three months' hard labor, and after his en- largement to find two sureties of £25 each to keep the peace towards his wife for twelve months. Exchange no Robbery.— Emma Maher was brought up at the City Court, on Monday, charged by Jane Slater with rob bing her of a bonnet, mantle, rings, &c.; It appeared that the two who were " hail fellow well met,' had been at Cremorne together, and returning through the paddock to Melbourne, had exchanged apparel, and subsequently went to sleep in. the complainant's house in Collingwood. Before daylight Emma had thought fit to take herself off, and Miss Slater who luxuriated till eleven o'clock, discovering her finery to be gone straightway accused her companion of theft. It ap pearing that both parties had been on the spree, and that the charge was not made out satisfactorily, tho case was dis Dr. Macadam's Lecture.— Tho second lecture of Dr. Macadam's courso of lectures at tho Mechanics' Institution, was delivered Jnsfevcning, in tho Hall, ton' large audience. Tho subject was the nature nnd objects, of chemistry, m the exposition of which, the lecturer mnintumod the interest nnd sympathies of those present. Tho course will be continued °ato'Xlt™^L bill of fare for Monday evening,; as might be expected, produced the most crowded house we have for some time witnenscd. The evening's entertainments com menced with the old English comedy ' Tho Road to Rum,' in which, it is but justice to say, that every one of the characters did their parts admirably. The extravaganza, 'This House to be Sold,' followed. Tho three scenes, prepared expressly for the piece by Mr Pitt, were exceedingly well painted, and, as presented, elicited rounds of applause. The first scene consists of Shnkspenre's House at Stratford, with a notifica tion upon tho door that it is in the market. Chopklns, Grimshnw, nnd Tiffin enter. The conversation turns upon tho success of the Shakspenan drama m Melbourne. Chopkins's friends urge him to 'seek his inn,' but lip de cide? upon inspiring himself by a nights' lodging in the birth place of the immortal bard. He knocks, and is admitted by Mrs Jnrratt, the lady of the mansion (Mrs Thomson), when the second scene is disclosed. A bust of Shakspeare is placed pn a pedestal on ono side, chairs and tables of an ique fashion occupy the floor, and the bed upon which Chopkins reclines, completes the fittings of the npnrtment. He dozes, and shortly Shakspeare (Mr R. Youngc) enters and engages in conversa tion with Chopkins. He summons the principal characters in his nl- ivs who dispose themselves in a circle around him. Othello (Mr Rogers) nppeurs as nn Ethiopinn minstrel with a .banjo T Mrs Brougham as Lady Macbeth, holds conversation iu as broad Scotch aB she can muster with Mr Gordon, as her husband. Mr Murray throws a comic vein into Hamlet; Mr Leslie reproducesTnlstaff, Miss Herbert does Desdemona, and Mr Fdwards the Ghost. A dance succeeds, and at cock-er -w all vanish. Chopkins rises sleepily, from- his couch, and finds Suit all has been n dream. His friends enter, the scene shifts and discloses a beautiful allegoric il group, with Shakspeare leaning on a pedestal in the centre, his principal characters olosc by 'nd Ariel (Miss Clifford) floating aloft. This scene is especially beautiful, and deserves the warmest approbation. The overture to tho piece is a medley of the airs in the Tem pest, Hamlet, nnd other plays, and is exceedingly well nr. ranged. The incidental music consists of old English airs, among which we detected ' Chevy Chasa.' Wo confidently predict for this spoctaele a lengthened run, if it bo consonant with Mr Coppln'H plans to permit its repetition. The AMPiiiTiiEATitE.-Snturday night brought to a ilose tho tliwitrlcal season nt this house, when tho performances wero toftotaSStrf MrCoppin. The house was well filled At the closo of tho performance MrCoppin thus addressed tho audience:-' Ladies and Gontlemen,-In thanking you for your patronage on tho present occasion, I must, express my regret that the experiment to establish a low price of adim.s rion has proved unsuccessful. In n fortnight I shall toko my departure with Mr G. V. Brooke en route to California; but I assure von I shall ever remember with feelings of gratitude Uie many favors I have received at tho hands of my Melbourne ''fref Singing Class.— Mr G. L.Allan, singing master to tho Denominational School Board, having generously offered to cive a gratuitous course of lessons in the Church of England School Room, Howard street, North Melbourne, the lovers of snored music nre invited to avail themselves of the otter. Mr Allan's chief object informing this clnss is to give thn members of different congregations nn opportunity of mprovmg themselves in staging., so that they may be enabled to take a more efflcicnt part in church Psulinody. At the same time, the teaching will not be exclusively confined to sacred musio. Tho flrrtlesspn will bo given on Friday eve ning nest, ' -? The Spirometer. — Amongst the numerous curiositio. II which are being dally introduced into tho colony, no' the S I bvrZ\S ' 'r10 ^ir°mcter' ™ elcs™t specimen of mechanism i by moans of which the experimenter is enabled to ascertain -!? mrwrretr I'1'1 I)lOWCr,of hi» llln^- Tne spirometer h' I portable article, and was last evening located nt the corner of |i ot2'V Ckime.— There were no less than fifty eases on tho II charge sheet on Monday, of which 11 were for druukcimes, ? II this court? t0 th° DiStri0' C0Ultl aml tUrC0 ? ™*-5 II 