THE DROWNED, ALIVE. I was once so deeply drowned, That when the drag my body found, Twas void of motion, void of breath, And to sensation dead as death. In a languid summer mood, Lo, I plunge into a flood That to the low sun's slanting beams Gleameth only quiet gleams. Such a flood as one would say Could never, or by night or day, Have drenched a man's warm life away. But what are those, down in its bed, That trail so long and look so red, Moving as in living sport— Are they weeds of curious sort? I will dive to them, and see Into all their mystery. Down I dive.—A plenteous crop! Some shall with me to the top: Here there is too dim a light To show their character aright. I wind them round my arms, intent To root them up in my ascent. But they resist me, and again I tug them with a stronger strain. Full well they hold their own! Well, I Must leave them—But in vain I try! Fierce as lightning on my brain Smites the truth—I try in vain! More and more in coils and flakes, Like long blood-red water snakes, The deadly things around me clasp, The more I tug, the more they grasp! My pent breath, growing hot and thin, Explodes with a long booming din While through my unclenched teeth the wave Comes gulphing!—Is there none to save? Wild as vain my struggles grow: Horror! horror! is it so? Hope gives up her ghost, Despair! And as a fish dies in the air, In its element deep drowned l am dying: all around The long red weeds are looking grey As life bubbles fast away. And now, while sullen drumming make My spirit through mine ears to ake Memories strangely inter-wrought With all I ever felt and thought; Hidden fancies that for years Deeper than the source of tears Have bided, like rare gems that gleam Bedded in some Indian stream; Talking instantanueous wings, With a million other things, All at once together press Through my drowning consciousness! All in the same instant so Do they come and do they go: Leaving one sole thought to reign Over all my failing brain— Full of pity, full of pain! One sole thought of how my doom Must wrap my mother in its gloom, And give my sire to hold his breath For anguish, hearing of my death, And wound one fond heart to the core In the wide world evermore. Lastly a drear stupor, blent With a cold comfortless content, Kneads as into bloodless clay Body and mind. Thus drenched away, Even without a gasp for breath. Life stagnates into life in death. Ah, what thrilling, thrilling pain Kindles through my heart and brain! Ah, those sudden beams of light, They fall like firebrands on my sight! Ah, what vast and heavy world Is all at once upon me hurled, Massing into its immense Oppression, every tortured sense! Ah, I now remember well How my sudden fate befell! Are we then, in death's cold thrall, Conscious of our funeral? But where are they who most should mourn When my bier is graveward borne? Where the crape-trimm'd followers all? Where the coffin and the pall? Or do death and nature strive Within me? Is the drowned alive? CHARLES HARPUR. 