-A HINT TO ELECTORS ON THE PR.QPÛSE.P HILT, «TO DECLARE ANO DEFINE. THE 1'WYl -LEGES OF PARLIAMENT," (Per favour of the Empire,) The, outline of the above Act published in tho issue of Oke Empire of the 30th of August, has taken many of «-us by surprise, as wo neither see the policy nor the necessity of arming our present Parliament with such monstrous power as that of breaking into men's houses, suspending habeas carpus, and punishing con- tempts by two years' imprisonment and a fine of £1000, an a summary manner as set forth in tbe VHIth Section -of said contemplated Act. Wo really thought the dignity of the Houses was in -safe keeping under a policeman in plain clothos, when ¡his Excellency's message was received by the Legislative Assembly with lou » cheers ; 'but we find that the thin -skins of the House, and the great men of the House, think -otherwise, and desire to shelter their speeches,und their ?debates, and their sacred persons by a special Act which \- does not limit itself to the Common Law which Peel 'himself thought sufficient to keep in restraint tho most -turbulent spirits in Ireland, hut, forsooth, it must aspiro to wield the powers of the Imperial Parliament, und to ? revive in this colony Wilkes and the Tower, or what appears to bo moro dignified in the opinion of the ' framcr of tho said Act, a residence in Darlinghurst gaol. That a paltry incident such as horsewhipping a member within the yard of the Council Charnier for a . private offence, should alarm the sensitivo dignity of our members is really laughable as far as our observation \- goes ; wo hare seen even at the hustings, and at the pull, the candidatos treated-Dr. D-n to wit-with respect and decorum, and we have always argued, that \- as the House is virtually now the property of tue people, . they are its rightful guardians as long as the Assembly represent not only their interests but their public reputation, for we conceive tho reputation of the Parliament and the peoplo as ono, \- and we are satisfied that a jury would always identify itself with the honour and safe-keeping of their represont \- atives, whereas as the caso stands what must the people infer from such an act as this, but that they are looked upon with suspicion, and are in the face of the world stigmatised and insulted, and this at tho very time that ' their constitutional hborties have been enlarged, and their fitness for íosponvible government is now to be ' tested. For one, I hato the shadow of liberty, and if that is all . that I am to enjoy I would sooner pack up and place «-myself under the Vigilant Committee of California, than ? have to elect au individual who, by auch an act as this, may for tho freedom of my Tongue or pen on his public -conduct, and that in self-justification, move that I be committed to gaol for a period not oxceeding two years, and fined any sum not exceeding £1000. Electors, read und meditate upon this Act, and vote for no man who will not denounce it as a whale. Contempts and bronchos of privileges are definod as assaulting, insulting, or menacing of any member in his coming to, or going from, the Houses on account of his \- behaviour in Parliament. Is it intended, then, that the > members shall liavo a placard on their breasts and backs ' to coi lily that they are oither going or coming, or that they ore to bo preceded by a lictor or a boll-man to i forewarn the public that they are sacred, neither to be handled, or looked at, or smiled at, or coughed at, or . nodded to, significantly, for they are now actually going to, or actually coming from, the Parliament, therefore 'the public must be aware of any sign or expression -which may bo tortured by some empty-headed dandy tinto an insult or menace. Would it not bo botter to have Parliamentary cobs ..with largo placards " to" and " from" on them and pro- ceeded by the Volunteer Corps, so that these great functionaries of Stato may bo able to shut out tho vul- gar ga/.e of tho people, und thus screen themselves fiom the nods, the smiles, tho coughs of tho rabble. "On account of thoir behaviour in Parliament." So .tho Act intimates that there ure somo members in Par- liament whose decorum aud dignity of conduct will not .?endura public opinion. Bat tho Act pioceods with a long category of offences -obstiucting, bulling, misrepresenting proceedings, (a happy thing for tho dignity ot the House if it wore raoie fioquontly done by tim repoiters,) creating a dis- turbance in the vicinity, &.O. (how the vicinity is to be defined, whether by a chalk line or a boundary stone, or ivhat distuibonce moans-three cheon for Dr. Lang, u dozen groans for tho meinbei over tho hills and tar awn), 01 boys tym,; tin kottles to dogs' toils, &c; , the wisest lury could not dccidej, arresting any metubei forty days befoie or uftei sessions. A lont period for the stiu\m3 mechanic, &c; , while the honoiuble within tho foi ty da} s moy vanish from the colony altogether thus c icouiu¿ing prodigals not to pay their dobts, &,c. Tiadesmcn and deoleis bovvaro ot M P.'s, trust them not, thj Law cannot touch thom lor anv offonce shoit of felony and breach ot the peace for eighty days added to the wholo sitting of the Parliament. And lastly, the lreedom ot speech and debato. " Proceedings sholl not be impeached or questioned in any court or placa out ot tho said House. ' Talco care 3e «ewspjpoi scnbblcis, 01 cottee house politicians, how jon px.piess }ourselves bioadcast a« to the oratory of tides tho ploughman, "NI 1*, or Brown Stout the blower, M P , for oveij uttoiunco ot theirs 13 held moro sacred by law than tho Scripture itselt. This Act seems to man} ot us os a caricaturo on the ancient \erditt of tho Court of Common Pleas before TV horn Wilkes was brought up by habeas corpus and libeiatod , tho judges being unanimously of opinion that puviicgo of Pirhumont extended to tho case of wilting a libel, the House ot Commons, however, Riving a (lifteront decision, that the article ot the North Im ton was a falso, scandalous, and a seditious libel, wheieon Wilkes was loicod to tly the country and be- ncomo outlawed. Now, wo behove, if the Houso ha3 its privileges so have tho people, and wlnlo we would advocato that protection should bo a lonleJ to the members, that they ni ty I arlossiy uischur^e their duty to the countrv, wo .conceivi-, on tho other hand, that the great constitutional 'rights ol the people should not bo penllud merci} to /pleaso tho seit important 01 thin skinned M P.'s. By such nu Act as this it is not the troedom ot speech or debato that is piotectod, but tho scandal and abuse of debato that cloaks itself under the sanction ot the law, while tho fieedom ot newspaper discussions in a small community li ko this in which the press has had long to struggle for its position, is seriously endangered. I et us rememhei tho old Scotch adage-" Give an inch, take un eil"-this is the point of the wedge tor Parliu montai} omnipotence Dear Empire do you not see m this, then, the ghost ol Wilk-M, mut do you not tremble t ir j oui t} pes and your 'ibeity when you venture to uncloak the absence of a mumbil tram his place with o fee in lus pocket on Governmental dut}. Why, the vory woist days of E b Hall would ha îovivcd again-vvhtlo youl rondéis wou'd ho dej lived of thoso exquisito sketches which havo cilloidcd in hush solitude so much nierumont, that tho luto l'iemior s wuistcoit anlliolro}ds hat al o intro duccd amongst our childrens gambols, who, dressing themselvus up in lathers old woistcoat and chapeau, peep iioin aiiion"st tho stumps cvclaunui^ " Dr. Hoi jojd, Minima!!! tho Pit-inicr, Papa' '! and thus convulsing tho wholo shanty with loirs of laughter lellow olcctois, tho worst ot tyranny is Purhamontaiv tyranny, foi it is u tyranny of our own creation, voto therefore foi no candidato who will not piedlo bimsclt to sovci tho dragon like tail ot this Bill horn tho head As far as the Common Liw Clauses go, I tluuk tho Pai liarront should be piotoUod, but to aim it with tho power to suspend h ibeas corpus ond break into oui hollies for un insult, an obstruction, a misropresenta lion a tumult in tho vicinity ot the Houses, or question ang tho speeches or debates ot our Ion,; winded oratoi <, would reilly bo insanity on oui parts to ussont to foi on tilt» hustings and at tho poll, wo ascent to it it wa do not thon m iko a condit o i to the contrary ?\\\oiitvvoith an I his pirty m the Constitution Act Bped tho di¿nit\ of the House ot Lords, but tho framer of tim bill reaches be} >nd the silly pieco of colonial ?vanity, in tr}ing to giasp tho extiemo i>owcr of the lui penal I'm liamcnt __ RICTT»Tín SlTiTvn 