~Homas from piracHU ?n -THE NIGHTINGALE'S BETTJBNT. Most blessed things come silently, and silently depart t~ Xoiwlesa iteali spring-time on the year, and comfort «? the heart ; , ? v f And still, and light, and gentle, like a dew, the tain:; Io quicken teed in furrow and blossom upon tree. ? ; Mile has his foaming rapid*, freshes from mountain Bat wQCre his stream breeds frnitfninefs, serene and ' calm it flow*; tad when he over-brims, to cheer his banks on either ride, You scarce can mark, so gradual, the swelling of hia tide. rhe wings of angels make no stir, u they plj their - ? work* of love; . ? . ? Bat by the balm they shod around, we know them that they move. j Bod spake not in the thunder, nor the mighty Tushing; J. bust} ?? ' . . ? i ; -?? j ;- His utterance waiin tbe still small voice, that came Jtf la*L So she.our sweet Saint Florence, modest, and still, and ' With no parade of martyr** cross, no pomp of martyr*! To theplace or plague and famine, foulness, and wounds ana pain, Went oat upon her gracious toil, and so returns again. No shouting crowds about her path, no multitudes' hoi breath, Tdfced with wind of vanity the doubtful fires of faith ; Her paths by hands official all unimoothed, her «»««t decried By the Levites, who, when need was, passed on the other i aide. When titles, pensions, orders, with ranc!om hand aro : showered, 'Tis well that, save with blessing, she still should walk undowered. What title like her own sweet name, with tho music all its own? What order like the halo by her good deeds round her thrown? like her own bird-all voiceless while tltf daylight songsters trill, Sweet singer in tbe darkness when all songs else* aN * ' still--? ? ? She on that night of sufTring that chilled other hearts to ; atone.. .. . . , , ,. . Came with soft step and gentle tpeecfc, yet wise and firm? of tone. ' ' Think of the prayers for her, that to tb* praying heart ?. came back, In rain of Hearings, seeming still to spring span ttr track; . Thowomfoft of her graoiousness to thosa whoso road Uf death Wa* dark and doubtful, till she showed the light of love1 andlaith. Then leave her to the quiet she has chosen | she de' mands No greeting from our brazen throats and vulgar clapping hands. Leave her to tho still comfort the sainte launt thai have I striven. What are. oar earthly honours? Her-ffefttmn ate to heaven. THE EUPHRATES LINE. Oh where will the century passe in its daring ? What region's past reach of tho screw and tbe sail ? What Bea is too wide for our wire* overbearing ? '^ What mountains too high for our levelling rail? From the banks of Newfoundland we pay oat the eabfe That's to bind North America fast to our shore^ And, thanks to O'Shaughnessy, India is abis . To change thought* in an hour from Madras to Lahore'. And now the steam-giant, onr New World forsaking, Having bound Europe'* ends, north and south, eatf aid west — His terrible traek through the Old World is malinr, Where the grey past s dead ashes she holds In her* breast. By Nimrond's huge mound soon the rinfr of steam whistle* Will startle the stork on his desolate ctaed, - .- And the throb of the engine will shake tbe dry thirties . That wave their gwy beards' on KouyrflijUft't van** strand. By the arrow-head rows of tin records of Babel, The arrow-head flight of cxpreHCs will fly, And Rawlinson, Layard, and Loftus be ablo To drop in to decipher or difj.by-the-byc ; Instead of the trucks with their freight of horu'd catlla To Smithfield consign'd along each British roil, Weekly cargoes of huge winged bull* down wRl! jattlo For the British Museum, from Bus 'rah to isif. No secrets the hoar East shall keep in her bosom; Her riddles we'll soon have got out of the Sphinx. What chance will she have, poor old soul, but to lose 'cm , When confronted by Birch, Botta, Norrls, or Hindu ? . Old Cheops will stare from tho top of hi* pyramU, , ; To see navvies catting his mummy-pit* through, ' While from Nineveh's ruins the ghost of Bemiramis ? On a new red-brick station looks awf ally blue I Bat vain all our speeding on main or through mountain , Our bridging the ocuin, our binding the land's Oar drinking the gold's inexhaustible- fountain, That springs to Australia to each delving hand. Tain, vain, all our moiling and driving and toiling, Oar working and winning, gold nuggets, gold sands, . (Inlets reverence and love join to wipe off the soiling Of toll from our hearts, and of gain from oar hands. PEINCB NAPOLEON ON HI8 TEATH-8. His Rojal Uighnes* has been to Iceland, and wlflrt there visited the Geyser boiling springs. The fset is fixr more remarkable, as it was generally understood that ths- gentleman left France solely to avoid the hot water of ths Tuileries. 'A DBEAM AT SBA.' As we lay not long ago tossing, or being tossed, on a bed of sickness in a Boulogne boat, we went off nto a state of scml-somnolcucy, in the courso of which we btgon thinking of all sort* of thing*, among which Bhtori and the Italian and French drama came uppermost, and at voice appeared to ring in our ears, exclaiming ' Maria Stewarda 1' and ' Don Sciser do Basir. I' when suddenly the tones of Mario seemed to murmur out plaintively, ' Bella Seccame !' ADVICE GBATIB. (SECOND BATCH.) Don't blunt your razor to open another man's oysters. Keep your wit as a buckler to defend yourself, and not as- a sword to wonnd others. Persons who wash at home should tako care to keep tha kitchen-door shut. ONE CONBOLATION. It ii so far fortunate that the gentlemen's fashions do not keep pace with the ladies.' Or else, by this time, their bats would have dwindled down to the size of a charity boy's muffin-cap, and their trousers would havo swollen out to about double tbe size of those of a Turk's and Dutchman's stitched together! THOUGHTS THAT ABE BATHER COOL. Success is the great absolution of snob*. Critic* are the Brokers of the Literary Exchange It is sweet sometimes to abuse one's relations— bu* bitter to hear them abused by others. There aro bores in the best families— lho oldest houses have their leaden spouts. The man who is wedded to money has a shrew for a Wit does not shine with grossnesB. Like an ill-mad3 candle, the light is soon extinguished in its own grease. Fate must troublo itself about a number of foolish people, for no looner docs a fool get into troubles of his own making; then he put* it ell down to fate. A '.'SLOWCOACH' OP LEGISLATION. After a lecture at Stroud, or somewhere, by Lord * JohnRussell, on 'A few of the obstacle which retard the progress' of something or other, there wo* a great-5 / confusion and stoppage at the door* on account of tha? i aumber of vehicle*. A mad wag availed himself of ? ? slight pause in the prevailing noise, and ihrieked out ?? lustily, to the great amusement of the struggling tudience :— ' Lord John's perambulator stops the way I THE PABHION. We have it on the Infallible authority of Jenkins that it is no longer correct to say, ' the height of the fashion.' When ladies wish to convey the idea that any one of their acquaintance is at all Men mitt, they affirm that 14 she was dressed in the full Wtadth of the fashion ,' onlr perhaps it would be more exact to put it in ths plural, as a lady's dress certainly takes now-a-days s- great deal more than one ' breadth.' However, the aliera lion in the term is a decided improvement that, like the dress itself, is now quite ' as broad as it is Iobje.' BOHBA AND HIS PAPA. A Pbbtty Littlb Stobt m* Pbmtt Litttji Suns* Mir.— Silly little Bomba lived at Naples, but bis Papa lived at Rome. Bomba went to see his Papa, and his Papa came to meet Bomba. When Bomba saw hi* Papa, be knelt down to bun as if he had been going to say hia prayers, and gave him a kiss. But he did not kiis hia Papa upon his cheeks ; he kissed his Papa upon the toe. ? Then Bomba'* Papa told Bomba to gejt up, and made Bomba sit down upon a stool, and said, well my son, - Bomba, how do von do, and how are you getting on ? Bomba said, I am pretty well, I thank you, Papa, but I am not getting on quite so nicely as I could wish. What is the matter, Bomba, my ion? bis Papa «ald. Oh! Papa, said Bomba, I am afraid there are some naughty boys who want to take my little crown away, and are trying to shake my little throne. That is very naughty of them, said his Papa ; but who are they F Oh ! said Bomba, I do net know who they are, quite, put . I think I have caught some. What bare vo« done with them? said bis Papa. Shut them up in the cellar, said Bomba (this was only Bombi's fun), in the damp and cold and dirt, along with the toads aad frogs, awl efts, and spiders, and earwigs, and black beetles. Here i* a little^whlp that I bave them beaten with; here is a little chain that I causa them to be chained together with all day and all night. * , Ton must mind that little Bomba was only joling ? when bo told his Paps, all these dreadful thing*. * It is very right, said Bomba'* Papa, to ponUh boys who are naughty^ Yes, Papa, said Bomba, but what do you think ? That France and that England are so unkind, they tell me I must not punish my naughty boy*. Do not mind them, my dear, said Bomba's Papa, I will . ?peak' to Franee and tell him to leave ton alone, or else' - I will give him no mdre hardbake. ' England is a very bad boy, and does noli mind what I say; but he will, r, mind .what Franoe says. Now look here. Bomba. Sea i what ' pretty : playUnngs I have brought you. And, J.. Bomba?* Papa, gav« Bomb* ever w many little men aad iroroen, made out of wood, and ivory, and wax, all gilt: and painted, *o very pretty, and such a lot of funny little bones! Oh! dear Papa, said Bomba, to give ma such a lot of sweet little toy* to play with. Oh ! what jolly bones, oh! what plummy little men and women. I wfll Wick them all around my hat like King Louis, tha French King, that Mr. Kean playa In London.Oh I Papa Imnst kiss, you for them. Then Bomba gave hi* Papa one more nice kiss npon blstoe; and bis PaMimr~: ' out hi* thumb and two fingers, and poked Bomba in tho side, iuid patted him upon the bead, and tbea .Bomb* j, ,.- ?aid good-bye to bis Papa^aud his Papa went ****- Rome, asd Bomba went back again to Naples with us whip, and his chain, and bis bones, and bis little men and women. ' ' ?,, ' THE POSITION OX ITALT. Italy must soon rise— and for rising: the boot is only waiting for the spur of opportunity. _,,,.„., ' BIB, CHABLis yAPIBK IK BTJB8LI. . ^ j ' SirGb^leshasgbnetotak^lod^ingB in 8L JPeUrs. .; ,,-. burg, i We do not know1 whether he wffl do thU by boarding. i BBIBFLESS THEOET. 11* praotiee make* the barrister perfect. ' COST OF THS AJPJ5OTI05S. Never, perhaps, are children deirer to their parents than when, as at present, tbe price of bread and meat is excessive. A LODGER'1* AFFECTION. A witness on a trial lait week before Lord Campbell ? said of a gentlewoman, ' I never expressed any affec tion for tier in particular, except as a landlady. Will any lodger, first-floor or back-parlour, define the sort of affection due, and how and when to be liquidated? t/e've scotched the snake, not dllkp. The Russians have occupied the Isle of Serpents. It is * to be feared that this proceeding of theirs evince an un subdued inclination to sting. . . . ' ? ? THE BESEEIT OP TBAVM. '1Z The young King of Portugal has ju»t given testiawMy » ef ths exceeding benefit done to him by Us visit toaji' land. He-has determined that Portugal shall forthwUfl begin to pay her debts. SMC-SD3 TTJEXED TO BEAPIKG-HOOKS. Sir Morton Peto wisely suggests that in the present Jact of harvest bandsthesoldicrs stationed in rural districts do permitted ' to earn wagci by helping to get in the corn. Soldiers in the social state have been ^'h'™on*d-J. compared to poppies among the wheat. In the preiem .,... emergency the poppies would do excellent tier vice, 