AGRICULTUIRAL STATISTICS. It will have been seen from our summary of parliamentary intelligence that the govern ment were making arrangements furobtaining regular and autheontl returns of agriculture, -t-le importance of which has been pro minently brouglht before the public, nud has at length secured attention. A metropolitan journal thus refers to thei subject : Tiho kind of returns contemplated in tie proposed system for the collection of statistics are broadly classified into facts and estimates. By the former we understand an accurato return of acreage under each description of crop, with similar returns of stock nlid by the latter, no approximato estimnate of the produce of the Iharvest. It is proposed to Issne schedules for the acreage stock on tile Ist June, returnable by the lath July, with a viewr to the publication by the Board of Trade by thie 1st September, and then to take tihe estimates of the harvest during tile monthr of November, ready for the public as early in December is possible. The machinery to be employed In dis tributing and collecting the schedules Is to consist of the B]oards of Guardians, and unless any special reason to tihe contrary, tihe clerk of tile Union to be classifier, and the relieving omccers enumerators. Tite returns iro to be rendered comnpulsory, but arrangements are to be mode to render them above suspicion of nuything like anl In rislsitorial character. 1 rovisiun is uaso made ill case the Board of Guarganus refise co operation. Now, without pledging ourselves to any specific icaclrinery, we ire at i loss to conm prehend the grounds of hostility which some portion of the agriculturists still entertain to this or ainy other system foir tile collection of satisfactory statistics. Thie ends conteln platet. will neither Intrude upon nor reveal tie prlivcy of their business, nor in any way reduce prices beyond their just and natural level,. or thre want of some such statistics, great uncertainty both. .as to supply and demand has resulted,. and, as. a con sequence, scanty or overloaded markets have given a violent fluctuation to prices. With a free trade in'corn, the desire for conceal ment and mystery can only be the ofilpring of prejudtce. .Estimates of' tie harvest.will bedformed by. the community whetheri or not, and usually upon no sufficient data practical wisdom, then, demands that we accept those averages upon which so many. prosecute a safe 'and healthy barter. Were these said returns an invasion upon the principles of free trade, they would merit reprobation ; but since their solo object is to secure a collection of facts and estimates, destined to give liberty and expansion to trade, objections to them smack very much of old pro-core-law antipathies. Nor let it be supposed that the government have any ulterior views in originating this measure. The fears that sucli a scheme will terminate in increased taxation, or be wrested by land lords to purposes of increased rental, are groundless. No such an ideaisforamoment contemplated by those who are its most zealous advocates. lesides, if we are to wait for every measure of national economy, until every ghost of possible abuse is laid, then, indubitably we shall soon arrive at a dead-lock in legislation. Tile foolish hue and cry has been set at the heels of every advance of public opinion since the world began. Nor can just exception be taken to tihe compulsory nature of the measure. It is admitted on all sides, that in its absence accuracy would be impracticable. Such an objection would equally apply to the collection of returns under tile census, or the registration of other important national facts. 