KOSSUTH ON THE AUSTRIAN CONCORDAT. M. Kossuth lins boon lecturing nt Liverpool. On Monday night, tho ll th April, ho dollvorotl tho first of two ino turo« " On tho I'robablo Ell'oots of tho Conaordnt , rooontly concluded between tho Popo and Franois Joseph of Austria-on Hungary in Goncnil, nnd tho Proton tnntism of Hungary in Particular." Tho lecturer took n gonarnl survey of tho question, including tho political boarlng and origin of tho concordat, un exposition of tho indopondont spirit of C'ntholio Hungary, nnd bnnoludod by showing tho imporlnnoo of Hungary in tho onso. Tho hnll wns crawdad in ovory part, and tho roocptlon of M, Kossuth was most aordial. Mr. 0.15. llnwllns was voted to tho ohnir, nnd, in n fow briof remarks, introduced tho lecturer to tho mooting. M. Kossuth was graotodmost enthusiastically ! nnd tho choora hnvlng in some dograo subsided, ho sold that was tho first tima ho had lind tho honour of addressing an nssombly in this groat city-tho mighty link of commit niontion botwean Europa and Amarían. Ho would pro fnoo his laoturo with somo observations of n personal nature Tito English pooplo, with moro generosity than justioo, had dono him an honour; and if ovor ho oamo near to mortt thnt reputation, it wns owing to inspirations and tho result of olroumslanoos that existed no moro, It was nearly flvo years slnoo ha first sot foot on English soil-a long (tima to suffer nnd not to dospnlr (hoar, hear). Ho caine to England with no oxpoolntlons-a liomalann wandorar, to lank whothar England wns tho Îilaoo whoro hn could rest his tompost.tossod hoad, nnd, Iko tho old Klug of Pontus, food on grief until ho rostod lils bond in tho prosonoo of Him who snld. " Lot thnro bo light," and will probably sny yot, " Lot thoro bo light shina on Hungary onoo moro." How oonld ho lin va ox poated tho peoplo of Englnntl would reooivo ono drop of tho poor patriot's grlof Into tho oup of their happiness t Tho pooplo of England, howovor, wlllod lt otherwise (hoar, hoar). Sympathy for tho sufferings of Hungnry »ung through tho land, nut! thousands: bid him bo of good ohoor, to kopo nnd novor dospnlr (ohoors), At first e looked around him with nststiislimont, thoa ho wns I ted to ask " lg not thia a revelation T That man beg! to feel there ii a community in tba vastness of nation that ono nation crushed in one bulwark of liberty broken ; that one ray taken from the sun of freedom makes its lustre feebler ?" Then, be asked, was not t outburst of a great people's heart, in favour of 1 country, ono of the groat thunders by which the Almigh sometimes revealed lils deorees 1 And thousands ocho his grief for his country's fato, Wns it thon impróvido in him to apon his linnrt ta tho cheering influence of su demonstrations? Ho did open his heart, but only tl far ; convinced that the time was not far distant wh England must come to blows with tho incarnation despotism ; he thought the time also would arrive when that mighty thunder would cause England to remember that principle of freedom, which never would be safe except by community with other nations. Well, wouls they blame him that that consideration entered his mind ? Then it was that the value of such vast assem blies entered into his soul, and, like tho stool upon tl flint, ho becamo tho mirror of their sympathies ; ai tiley, whon plnood boforo the rofleotod light, were gene ous onough to think the mirror made tbe sight, where he was but tho glass of their own nobility (applausi Then it was that tho cheoring sight of those vast nssoi biles inspirod him, and ho mada an unexpected discove that he could speak English, somohow (laughter), 1 inspiration, ho thought (laughter and cheers). B thoso were times gone hy; the opportunity ho hi desired enme at last-it came, and had passed away voice, "No"). It had passed (a voioo, -'It will oon again"). His hopos rested not on the feelings, but ( tho activo polioy of England, and they hnd died awn Tho animating dow had beon dried up by tho scorchii blast of time-serving expediency, and with it his spit was broken, his inspiration was gone, even curious say, his English wns gone ; ho did not speak 'it half well as he did a few years ago whan ho first set his fo on the English shores. It was not in complaint that 1 mentioned this. England was free to act as she pleased sbe was mistress of her own destinies ; but he could on hope-fervently hope-that England would never have oocasion to rue tho policy she had thought fit to follow in that emergency that had boon, and was not likely 1 return again with such even prospects (hoar, hear). I would therefore hope that, whatever tho motives that had lad his audience there, thoy would accede to hi somo iudulgenco and not oxpoct too much from hil His heart was overflowing with tho love of his natii land. His love of country to him was, as tho Irish bard had sung More dear In her sorrows, her gloom, and her showers, Than the rest or tho world in their sunniest hours. Sure as he was of his own existence, so sure was he tho future nationality of his native land. Who, the would, blame him for desiring to see the sun of freedom rise and shine over Hungary; that ho might bask bi ono short hour in its sunshino, and thon lay him dow and minglo his dust with that of his fathers (hear, hear] Ho had hopod to have seen England cast her influent into the balance in favour of his country. With thnt th delusion lind, however, vanishod-the inspiration tin had formerly entered his soul on addressing assemblies of Englishmen had dried up, and hs stood before thei now a plain, honest lecturer. As such they would receive him. M. Kossuth then desired his audience I remember that a concordat was an agreement between temporal princes and Popes, with reference to the relation subsisting between Church and State. It was long since England had had anything to do with agreements with tho Pope (cheers and laughter). 1 was but three hundred years ago-as it were but yesterday-a very small portion in tho eternity of time -since tho Pope levied St. Peter's penny in England and told the monarch of tho day that refusal of that right of tho church would entail on England eternal malediction. That she would bring down upon herself the anger of God, and an eternal succession of mis fortunes. England had remained since and so had the malediction (laughter and cheers) ; in fact, he was not sure whether it was not repeated annually in tho holy see (renewed laughter). The thunderbolt of tho Vatican might be very harmless in their day, if not combined with tho bayonets of political despotism ; combined with those they might prove thunderbolts in earnest It was not religion about which the Pope cared but tho supremacy of tho Papacy over all men ; and that was tho object of this concordat. If it had been only to secure religious freedom and freedom of opinion he was not tho man to raise his voice against it. Reli gious freedom was a sacred human right ; unfortunately this concordat was tho worst of tyranny. " Do unto others as thou desirest them to do unto thee' was the law, and he could not and he would not hold communion with any man not willing to guarantee to every other man whatever, be his creed whatsoever it might, freedom according to tho dictates of his conscience. That he claimed for himself; his Catholic fellow-countrymen were, he trusted, aware of tho fact. At any rate, he should be as ready to die in battling for their religious liberties as he would be for his own (loud cheers). But religion was one thing, and Papal ambition another With the ambition of tho Papacy tho sacred name of religion was a mask of tyranny and hypocrisy for the subjugation of nations ; and no one on earth knew so well as tho Hungarian Catholics that religion was one thing and priestcraft and Papal supremacy another (cheers). M. Kossuth then went on to state the provisions of tho concordat, which he said placed the whole of tho church revenues in the hands of tho Pope and education was placed in tho same power, without any provision for an inspection by tho civil government That was not religion. To name tho Sacred Word in connection with such a mixture of craft was profanation and blasphemy. It was tho most daring step that the emissaries of tho Pope ever achieved. He would take a general survey and a retrospective glance at tho case of Hungary, and her relations with tho Vatican. Austria had always had Catholice princes, and, with tho exception of Joseph tho Second, they were all that tho most san guine expectations of those who favoured Papal ambition could desire ; still tho Papacy, all-wowerful as it was, could never make of Austria a former Spain—not even a France of old. There was scarcely any Protestant country where tho Pope had a greater political influence than on tho bigoted house of Hapsburgh. And if they inquired into tho cause of those remarkable phenomena, they would find that the preservation of their civil and religious liberties was mainly, if not exclusively, due to Hungary—both to Protestant and Roman Catholic Hungary. Now, justice standing higher in his estimation than party, and truth higher than self-complacency, he proclaimed aloud that tho pride of Hungary was justly great, for Catholic Hungary had done tho work of clogging tho wheels of Papal supremacy. He was a Protestant himself, but he was bound to remind them that tho opposition of Catho- lic Hungary to tho Pope commenced 500 years before tho establishment of Protestantism, The rights of the Hungarian crown stood highest in tho estimation of tho Magyar, and when there was attack on it tho attack was on tho people. In Hungary tho Popes were now allowed to interfere in tho collation of ecclesiastical edifices. M. Kossuth then quoted from a letter of tho illustrious Hungarian King, Matthias Corvinus, from which it appeared that his Majesty's opinion was, that, if tho Pope knew the love of tho Hungarians for tho rights of the crown, he would never attempt to establish his bishops amongst them (applause). Tho king was the defender of Christianity, even beyond tho desire of tho Pope ; for he defended it against not only tho Mahom madans, but against tho Pope also (laughter). In tho 18th century an Hungarian abbot went to Rome, and whilst there died. The holy father of tho Papal see, never very scrupulous in laying his hands on tho first thing he could, seized tho opportunity, and gave tho vacant abbotship to a favourite The Hungarians, how- ever, would not receive tho nominee of tho Pope, and passed a law that no one should set out on a journey to Rome without pledging to tho State so much of his patri monal estate as should be equal to tho cure he held from tho crown ; and, subsequently, a law was passed, subjecting any one to death who received collations from tho Roman Popes. Thus, tho rights of tho nation were maintained, and tho official intercourse between tho Pope and tho priests was kept under tho strict inspection of tho State; and no bull was allowed to be promulgated without tho consent of tho Government. This was what tho English Magna Charta surrendered. They would see, therefore, that while on tho one hand tho Pope had no benefits to impart, tho priests were protected from tho arbitrary rule of tho Pope; and though bad men were in their ranks, yet on tho whole tho Roman Catholic clergy were never so abject as to forget tho patriot in tho clergyman, or to betray their country to a foreign power. In tho great struggle, too, In 1818, tho Catholic clergy were found supporters of tho State. Tho Hungarian nation, thus supported by their spiritual chiefs, was not frightened at tho thunders of tho Vatican, and tho Pope excommunicated Hungary ; but the clergy assembled at Budd, and there excommuni- cated tho Pope (loud and repeated cheers), And that in tho very darkest age of superstition and ignorance—tho beginning of tho fourteenth century. It could only have come to pass that Hungary was now subjected to her present yoke by tho unhappy error made in introducing an Austrian Prince to tho throne, Thus and thus only could it have come to pass that Austria was tho stepping stone of tho Papacy to supremacy all over tho world. He claimed tho gratitude of Christian Europe for his nation, for no other upon earth had rendered grouter service to it than Hungary, Who but Hungary could have saved Europe from tho dreadful hurricane of Islamism which occurred In tho 15th century ? Rome must have attached great importance to tho fall of Hungary, in order that tho Papal supremacy might be furthered ; and she had well chosen Austria for the purpose of undermining and then breaking the glorious spirit of Hungary, which stood alone in her opposition to tho Pope when the rest of Europe crouched to him. He was not without apprehensions for those nations who stood aloof from tho revival of tho nation- ality of Hungary. Let them mark one effect. Thanks to Russian bayonets, tho words were gagged in their throats, tho House of Assembly were mute, and German lazza ronis, imported from abroad, dictated to a man in his own house what he should and what he should not do (loud cries of " Shame"). Now was the time to revive tho glorious spirit of Hungary, and now was the time not to make Hungary Roman Catholic—for that she was already—but to make her a slave, and, at tho same time, a tool of tho Popes ; and, if they succeeded, she would give them such an accession of power as would make them dangerous to tho world. The time to strike tho blow had been well chosen by them. Tho lecturer then proceeded to review the peculiar, character of the two individuals-parties to tho concordat, the Pope and tho Emperor Francis Joseph. Tho former was a designing man, and, in order that ho might carry out his plans, it became necessary that he (M. Kossuth) should be exiled. If it had not been so this concordat would never have appeared (loud cheers). The latter personage had sacri- ficed his country, and his own honour and dignity, to a foreign prince, and for what purpose? Only to arrive at arbitrary dominion and unlimited despotism. What was tho key to this mystery, so strong that lt would be a ludicrous comedy were it not a sad tragedy? It was this. One thing there was in tho Papacy that never changed ; anothor that always changed. The never changing was tho eternal aspiration to spiritual despotism and desire for political supremacy. The ever changing was Papal tactics and strategy (laughter and cheers.) ' The time was, when the Popes found it to their advantage to crush kings and protect the people. But tho times were changed. Tho spirit of liberty —tho spirit of God, moved over the face of tho waters, and tho eternal aspirations of freedom were swept into tho heart of the flood. Many might struggle and many might fall. Misfortune and misery might mow down the ranks of the racers, but others would follow, and they would go on over tho scorching plains of despotism, until they arrived at freedom. That liberty was one and indivisible, like God himself, tho Father, the Son, and tho Holy Ghost, all one God. Civil, social, and religious liberty were one liberty, and men were as little anxious to support the despotism of the Popes as tho despotism of kings. Kingcraft and priestcraft, formerly rivals, were now confederates against what they called their adversary—liberty—and when they had accomplished their foul design they would return to their former fields of rivalry.. This was not mere speculation, but fact ; and he would prove it by reading the three first articles of tho treaty of Verona in 1833, which he did, and then proceeded to remark that England had, with very great credit to herself, withdrawn from that congress. M. Kossuth than went on to commont upon the peace recently concluded in Paris. He said they must come to the conclusion that the true key of the situation was the re- union of the despotic principles enunciated at the, congress of Verona into Napoleonic alliance for a campaign against liberty. Was tho English Government an accomplice in that ? (A voice : " Yes.") He said no, certainly not. God grant that they might not be tho dupes (hear, hear). But he certainly felt that they went too far, and they scarcely could help it. The London Punch had laid down a rule for the regulation of tho conferences, one of which was that no strangers, except tho British Ambassadors, should be admitted. It was an honour, and creditable to England, that they were strangers, but it might prove a source of danger and trial to England. Let England pray that tho con- cordat should not triumph over Hungary, becausa, if it did, tho first and second article of tho treaty of Verona would yet bring sore trouble upon England. Tho illustrious lecturer then retired ; and, after three times-three for him, tho assembly broke up shortly before ten o'clock. 