THE DRAMA, MUSIC, SCIENCE,' -&3SD 1?1NE ARTS. our, lycicum; ' Hamlet,' vias the cliiof feature of atirailion in Monday's bill. We do not consider Mr. Bkooke's Hamlet, as a nkolu, can rank witlv his impersona tions of other SI lalcesperian heroes and claim an equal degree of merit with them ; 'still there were scenes in which he played in a masterly style — the ' Ghost scone' waa particularly effective-, and the soliloquies wen- splendidly delivered-} Samlet's meeting with his mother, together with th'd play and death i-ceiies w cro represented v- ith such fidelity that the most fastidious crilio- hat} nettling-- more led to desire. Notwithstanding this, 'vo r-ro cer tain Mr. JJnooiiii's reputation could not be sus tained by his impersonation of tho ehainctor of ?which we write, there is- mi absenco of ?li&Wovel; acting by which his oHierporibimancc3aie marked. Jl is bis personations of suoh parts as Othello, Jlichelieu, Sir Giles-' Oven -laclt\\- Shyloctc, ? Sjd., which havo raised him to the pinnacle of glory in the art ho professes, mid causes him to be hsiled by universal acclaim as the greatest* actor of the nge. Tuesday evening a number of gentlemen amateurs plajcd iu the popular comedy of the '? Rivals' mid tho amusing farce onllcd 'Slcsehci- a'icl Crasher.' The performance came oft' with great cclcd, and at the end, of both comedy and farce, the amateurs were catket before tho curtain and greeted with loud plaudits.' Tko eivierfcaiu ments were- lor me oenoirt oi-ino cnamies 01 me city. Wednesday crcning Mr. BkocKi: appoired in tho celebrated role of ' Richelieu.' TTis acting through tho entire pi vy waa grand la tho e;c»TO2ne ; magnificent as his representations gsrarnfiy are they Iiare met their equals in uicrii, wita'an excep tion or two, and one of thc'-e exceptions is Jiiche lieu. Sir. Buqoki: in that character may c/hnllcngc tho world to produce his equal. In Jiis rending of the Cnrdinal-King, lie stand? on an' eminence, which we'do not think wilt be approached m our day— if it is at Jl approachable. Mrs. JJ un as Julie de Mortimai\ was a channing- I'6pfc--enfetion of the orplmn'wnrd oS Richelieu, iu tho puft vfkevo shf! a,ivn. — ' Cardinal, did you say yielded ?' The last word was throw n up -n ith » gFgnntlc eftoi t ; and after ita 'delivery she stood spell-bound, j-a if the magic sound of th.it word had power to fth awcr hU ealumntoa, and io shield 1.8V ngainst all ill. BIr. Hunt, Mr. Edwards, aud Mr. Lam nun r,, were ptcollont in their several parts. Mr. SruAKi' also (leserrcs bbnorablo niohtion for the Tory. credi- table- manner in' which ho placed the Klirif rin ' Hamlet' aud Hu-)et in ' llicheliuu.*' t Gopd houses have rewarded the energy of tho Managers — Messrs. Surmiss and Cn wen — ' JPa-hicm $lt- mermf firat .'' ' 