WESTERN DISTRICTS. (From thc Bathurst Free Press, November 1.) I Tnn CONDEMNED FELON.-Sinco our former notioo o the unfortunate man, who now lies in the condemnei , cell awaiting the day appointed hy the Executive Counoi I for tho oxpiation of his crime, a petition for his reprieve to his Excellency the Governor-General has been got U] nnd signed by nearly 400 of tho inhabitants of the dis trict, including members of Council, ministers of reli gion, professional men, und many of tho most rcspcctabh of thc inhabitants generally. A petition has also beer addressed to his Excellency by thu Eev. Dr. Grant, wli< speaks in very favourable terms of tho prisoner's conclue since he commenced ministering to his spiritual wants , and entertains strong hopes that, if pardoned, ho woulc lead u life very mucli in contrast with his pas! one. Tho husband of the prosecutrix, Marj Anne Heid, upon whom tho prisoner Carroll is accused of committing the rapo, has addressed u letter ta the Governor-General, asking that tho prisoner's life may be spared, and explaining that the commission ol his crime was not accompanied by any aot of personal cruelty, or, in the words of the letter, that he did nol beat her. From circumstances now becoming pretty generally known, there aro even those who doubt that Carroll's offence amounted to a rape. But be tili« as it may, from one cause or another, there is a strong feeling abroad in his favour, and a general desire, as thu number of signatures shews, that tho petition may prove successful. The prisoner, however, on the grounds of humanity, is kept in ignorance of what is being done in his behalf. Mn. SAMUEL SMITH.-We aro happy at being enabled to inform our readers that Mr. Smith, who Avas so dangerously wounded a fow weeks ago, by a blackfellow, when travelling the desert country between tho Lachlan and the Darling, has sufficiently recovered to travel homewards, and is now sojourning at Charlton, Camp- bell's Uiver. A portion of a jagged spear about 0 inches long has been extracted from his chest, and his recovery has since been comparatively rnpid. Tho sable ruffian who committed tho deed, we understand, is still nt large, and from tho paucity of police on the Lower Lachlan, there is little probability, except by tho merest accident, of his being apprehended at nil. THE BATHURST RACES.-lt is pretty generally believed (owing to the almost complete failure of the last Ba- thurst Meet, as an occasion of amusement), that they wore the last animal races which will bo held in tho district for some years. How far thi3 may be true, we pretend not to say ; but ns yet there are no signs of preparation ; whilst at Goulburn the sporting fraternity are busily sounding the notes of coming contest. NEW DIGGINGS AT FITZGERALD'S SWAMI*.-Wo aro in- formed by Mr. Smith, who called at our office yester- day morning, thnt some new ground hal been struck at Fitzgerald's Swamp, about fourteen miles from Ba- I thurat, on the Carcoar- road. Tho sinking is through ground very easily worked, varying in depth from two to eight feet, and the gold coarse and nuggetty. Mr. Smith further informs us that thcro have boen for tho last fortnight upwards of twenty parties at work, who have averaged from two to six ounces per week to each person. Mr. Smith brought into Bathurst sixteen ounces of gold, which he purchased of two diggers, who assured him that it was the result of a fortnight's work. j COMMERCIAL HKPOUT.-Tho prico of gold at the banks still remains nt "tis. Od. per ounce for good samples. I The supply of grain during tho past week has been con- siderable, und tho price of wheat has been reduced fully tiro shillings per bushel, which has affected the miller's i quotations. Mill l'rices.-Wheat (plentifull. Os. (ld. to 10-, Od. ; (lour, tine, per ton, A'32 ; seconds, ¿30; bran, per 100 lbs.. Os. ; pollard, Ss. Produce.-Tallow, per ton, £:\C> to ¿'40 ; hides, each, fls. to 10s. ; sheepskins, per lb., .'id. to Ojd. ; cheese. Od. toOJd.; bacon, 7Jd. to «Jd.; butter, ls. 8d. to 2s.; lard, 7d. to 8d.; bay, per ton, £5 tn £ii 10s.; maize, pur bushel, Os. to 5s. .'ld. ; oats, 4s. Od. ; barley, 4s. Od, ; potatoes, per ton, £2 to £2 10s. Since our Inst report we have sold two allot- ments in the village of Peel, at £17 and £15 10s. We sild by auction, on Tuesday last, a six horse team, with double-shafted dray ond gear complete, for £1M), and a three horse-team, with gear complete, for £70. II. and W. OAKES, Auctioneers and Commission Agents, lix chango Rooms. William-street, Bathurst. ORANOE.-Within the last fortnight the country has undergone a considerable change. The dull, dreory. and wet winter of lifty-six, I trust, is over, and we are about to enjoy the delightful pro»pçcts of spring. The fine weather we have had of lata roust certainly ; eheei the heart of th,e bushman, Insole localities Ï believi thc wheat has perished in the ground,.. That which w sown, vèiy early «nd »lan the late «own wheat, general^ speaking, looks well, :The gardens though baokward are looking well, the onions only excepted, which seem! to ba a failure in many places. Peas I never saw look ing better ; and if the frosts keeps away we have everj reason to expect a good supply of fruit. The Orang, people are well supplied with meat, a very importan! mutton Mr. Hanrahan has recently disposed of twc allotments of land, containing one acre each, for tht sum of £300. As there are a great many building» about to be erected this summer, all kinds of building materials are ia great demand. The diggers, I believe, are doing well in tho vicinity of Stoney Creek, and one would imagine from tba appearance of the mail bags that the correspondence must be considerable. Gtrroîîo.-A meeting was held at Guyong, on Tuesday afternoon the 28th of October, for tba purpose of laying the foundation stone of a Wesleyan Chapel. At the hour named, about ISO persons, amongst whom it was most pleasing to observe many young people, assembled aronnd the site, which has been most kindly given by J. Nicholson, Esq. It is very pleasingly and suitably situated, near the road between Bathurst and Orange, on the Guyong estate. The Rev. Joseph Oram, the much respected superintendent of the Bathurst Circuit, commenced the proceedings by giving out a hymn, after which Mr. J. Parker of Bathurst, made a very impressive prayer, alluding more particularly to tho sacred object for which the building was intended. William Tom, Esq., of Springfield, then deposited a bottle containing the following document and a coin ot the realm :-" The foundation stone of Guyong New Wesleyan Chapel, in the Bathurst Circuit, is being laid by William Tom, Esq., of Springfield, on this the 28th day of October, in the year of our Lord I860, in the reign of Victoria, Queen of the British Empire and under the Government of his Excellency Sir William Thomas Denison, Knight, Governor-General in and over all her Majesty's colonies of New South Wale3, Vau Diemen's Land, Victoria, South Australia, and Captain General and Governor-in-Cbief of the territory af New South Wales and its dependencies, and Vice-Admirnl of tho same, &c;, &o.; The Rev. Joseph Oram, Superintendent of the Circuit. Josiah Parker and Joseph Oram, Circuit Stowards." He afterwards in due form adjusted the foundation- stone, in the name of tho Fattier, Son, and Holy Ghost, and trusted that tho prayer to bo offered up in the chapel would be a great means of bringing men's souls to God. The Bev. Mr. Orara delivered a beautiful and affecting sermon, taking for his text : " For the Son of Mun is come to seek and to save that which was lost." His discourse was listened tn with marked attention ; tho religious service con- cluded by singing and prayer. The meeting then ad- journed ta a tent, where tea was provided. The interior was very gracefully decorated with arches and garlands, which had a most pleasing effect. The young people who undertook the business deservo much praise for their tasteful arrangements. Tho tables wero profusely supplied by Mrs. Riohnrd Glasson, Mrs. William Bray, Mrs. Rowe, and Mrs. Thomas, with tho good things of this life. Full justice having been dono to the repast, the various parties separated, after passing a very plea- sant, and, it is to bo hoped, profitable afternoon. Mnny persons from Bathurst favoured the meeting with their presence, which, together willi the many happy und lovely faces of tho gentle sex, gave tho scene a most lively effect. Immediately after the sermon, a collec- tion was made, amounting to £11 Os. 7d., and the salo ? of tickets realized about £10, making altogether the creditable sum of £21 Us. 7d. j 