TOE COMMUNION SERVICE. II After the Prayer for the Queen " Almighty God, 'Whose Kingdom is everlasting," instead of the College: for the Day, shall be read the two Collects used in the Morning Prayer " Grant, O Lord, we beseech Thee," and O Almighty God, The Save \- reign Commander.' ' IT The Epistle. Pnllippinns w.4. REJOICE in The Lord Alway and again I say, Rejoice. Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand. BE careful for nothing ; but in every thing by prayer and sup- plication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto GOD, and the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds, through Christ Jesus. Finally brethren, whatsoever things. are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report j if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things. Those things, which ye have both heard and learned and seen in me, do and the God of peace shall be with you. IT The Gospel. St. Luke xvi. 25. AND there shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars and upon the earth distress of nations with perplexity ; the sea and the waves roaring men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth for the powers of heaven shall be shaken And then shall they see the Son of Man coming in a cloud with power and great glory And when these things begin to come to pass, then look up and lift up your heads, for your redemption draw cth nigh And he snake to them a parable Behold the fig tree and all the trees, when they now shoot forth, j o see and know of our own selves that summer is now nigh at hand So likewise 5 o, when ye see these things come to pass, know that the kingdom of God is nigh at hand verily I say unto you. This generation shall not pass away till all be fulfilled Heaven and earth shall pass away but M words shall not pass away IT Then shall follow the N scene Creed, and after that the Sermon IT In the Order tor) shall these sentences he read - W whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you even so do unto them, for this is the lawandthcpiophcts -S Matt vii 12 As we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith -Gnla transit 10 Blessed be the man that provideth for the sick and needy The Lord shall deliver him in the time of trouble -Psalm xli 1 Th After the Prayer "for the whole state of Christ s Church," the following shall be used - A Frog or for the Church and Nation ' O GRACIOUS GOD, who are kind to the unthankful and the evil, we humbly acknowledge that we have not manifested a due sense of the numberless blessings, both temporal and spiritual which we and our fathers have received at the hands and of the mighty deliverances which Thy power his wrought on our behalf Through our neglect of" Thine ordinances and misuse of 1 by bounties, offences have been multiplied in the land, and Hi) Holy Name hath been pref mod among the heathen by our to negros sions Act forsake us not utterly, O Lord, Our Redeemer, but continue thy loving kindness to all) servants as in the days of old Send Thy heavy cul j blessing upon Our Sov reign I and the Queen, and all that are in authority under her, md direct all their proceedings to the advancement of true religion and piety and to the peace and prosperity of the rein and all her dominions Pour forth the gifts of the Spirit on all Pastors and Teachers of the flock, that they may be clothed with righteousness, and that Thy word spoken by their mouths may never be spoken in v all And to all orders and degrees of men amongst us v vouchsafe such a measure of Th) grace that righteousness may flourish in our land, with abundance of peace, and that, being reconciled to 1 nee, through Thy Son Jesus Christ, and united with each other in charity, we may be an acceptable people in thy sight, and make known to the ends of the mitt the riches of Thy mercy In ( christ, to Whom, with lice and the Holy Ghost, be all honour and glory) forever. Amen A Prayer for unity 0 GOD, The rather of Our Lord Jesus Christ, Our Only Saviour, The Prince of Pence, Givens grace seriously to lay to heart the great dangers we are in by our unhappy divisions Take away all hatred and prejudice, and whatsoever else may hinder us from godly union and concord that as there is hut One Body and One Spirit, and One hope of our calling, Our Lord, One 1 with, One Baptism, One God and Father of us and, so we may henceforth he art of one heart and of one soul, united in one holy bond of Truth and Peace, of faith and Charity, and may with one mind and one mouth glorify thee , through Jesus Christ our Lord Amen GRANT, vic beseech I lice, Almighty God, that the words which we have heard this day with our outward ears cut), through The grace, be so grafted inwardly in our hearts, that they may bring forth in us the fruit of good living, to the honour and pi wisp of 1 li) name through Jesus Christ Our Lord Amen ALMIGHTY GOD, the Fountain of all wisdom, who knowest our necessitieshefoio we ask, and our ignorance in asking, we beseech THEE to have compassion upon our infirmities, and those things which, for our unworthiness, we dare not, and for our blindness we cannot ask, vouchsafe to give us for the worthiness of Thy Son Jesus Christ Our Lord Amen the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, keep your hearts and minds in the knowledge and love of God, and His Son Jesus Christ our Lord, and the blessing of God Almighty), the father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, be amongst you and remain with You always Amen. 