TI-IE BLACK NECKTIE. A black cravat, however, is the knotty ques tion of tho dajj. To untie it, without getting tho operators into a noose, is regarded as a fan t of ambi-'Jexterity whoso accomplishment will render tho performer, whoever ho may be, the real' great Wizard of- tho North, South, Kast, or West, as ho may happen to belong to auy particular point of the compass. - It seems now to be beginning to bo found oiit that nc-, body was to blame for tho ejection from Wed nesday's levee of tho. American who wanted to bo presented to the niece of George the Fourth in a guiso that would horrify tho starched soul of that sacred monarch's fastidious friend, Mr Brummel. But if nobody was to blame how is it that everybody who is anybody, is in such a commotion? The gentleman of tlio eccentric tailory is said to bo ono Mr Cadwalladcr, a descendant of Fluellon, o.f course, and equally, of course, resolved that only ono who pi ay 3 Pistol to him, now that ho is a citizen of tho great revolver republic, shall cat a leek most abjectly, or else — stripes and stars ! — all crea tion shall know what's what, and who's who in the twinkling of a tomahawk. It has been sud denly found, tho discovery being attended with extreme surprise, that your Chesbiro neigh bor, Sir Fid ward Oust, Master of the Ceremonies, isn't quite so young as lie was many years ago, when' he first took the gold-tipped wand of office as tho Polonius of Pimlico in his rather fiery fingers. Peninsular precedents, it is felt, arc no longer the sort of model that should guide us. The mailed old man of war has sailed down the tide of immortality and cotlon is your only wear now. But is Oust the func tionary to conform to tho change ? Admit a Yankee schoolmaster, with a fourandnine penny beaver, gambougo waistcoat, and no sword, into the presence of his sovereign and she a Guelph, at least if she isn't, which she is not, she is the wife of a Coburg, and a Coburg, according to Sir Edward, is the paragon of man kind in point of pedigree, and is therefore entitled to all deference due to the proprietor of a hundred thousand grandfathers; — .idmit this Kpntuekycan rigger crittor to run right under the bows of Britannia when in the very act of ruling tho waves, with the original trident in her hand, and the British lion and unicorn in full trim at her feet? Admit him} Shadoof Nugee, ghost of the goose of Stultz, forbid ! Tho 8tar-3pangled banuer be- ripped, tattered, ivuv.l iuiu 1^11 nuii.-a uvui iiilu nie luusiinue 01 tlio most dilapidated of pocketlmndkorcbiefs, ere a Cust be accessory to such an indignity- ! Ho would ' break his staff, and deeper than did ever plummit sound, would drown '' — his collar of office, before he'd let a crow colored necktie, on a mahogany- faced backwoodsman, affront the eye of his sovereign lady, Vic. Reg. But, alack, for the Bayard of tags and tassels, that Cid of silver lace, and Duguesclin of auri ferous embroidery ! If ho won't conform to tho ' uniform '' which makes all two-legged human beings equal, he must put his own long cultivated crab-liko adroitness in practice, and back out of place, while some unscrupulous toadeater will play leapfrog over his old shoul ders, and vault into his seat. The short and tho long of the matter is, Sir Edward is being Cramptonised,orscape-goatilied,so as to smooth down tho difficulty. Compromise!, or half measurcs, being the principleof the Palmcrston policy, it is suggested by the Premier to Cla rendon (who has as much notion of his chief's faceciouaness as Walpolo had of Derby's) that it be proposed to Dallas that in future presenta tions of Americans who may object to wear a sword (the great obstacle in the present busi ness), a bowic-knifo will suffice ; her Majesty's ?Government hoping that this concession to Transatlantic peculiarities may conduce to 'ho soothing of the irritation as to Mosquito, which is assuredly becoming a most intolerable ilea iu the public car, through our never hearing the end of it. Our Comic Old Gentleman is credited with several pleasantries of this sort, the best, perhaps, being his reputed answer to Alderman Garden, who trembled for stocks lest the cravat complications should strangle the Central American question, and whom his lordship assured that instead of the said cravat being a choker, it would be converted into a ' comforter ' for consols and the dealers therein ; and certainly the relaxation in tho Bank strings and tho bracing up of tho com mercial body justify the assurance thus far.— Correspondent of the Liverpool Albion. 