TARRANGOWER RACES. These races commenced on Wednesday last, and from the high character of several horses engaged there was a good attendance of the general public, and a strong gathering of turfites. The meeting j uassed off most satisfactorily, and great credit is due to the gentlemen to whose management it was We mav personally acknowledge the courtesv of several of the temporary authorities, n„d the readiness to afford every information which they displayed. Mr. Naylor, of Castlemaine, officiated as starter, Dr. Hardy as judge, Mr. Lawrence as weigher, and Mr. Hockey as clerk of the course. This force, added to the list of stew- ards rave great satisfaction, and some nrst-rat.e races were run at the meeting. The course itself we cannot say anything in iavor of ; it was situ ated on some thickly wooded undulating ground, in fact some of the rises might fairly be considered hills on a racecourse, and the run was actually up hill The cleared space was extremely narrow, and even dangerous, more than one jockey nar rowly escaping serious injury from the trees and overhanging branches. It is situated about three quarters of a mile from Edwards's Hotel. We trust the stewards will exert themselves to procure a better course before the next meeting; it would be highly desirable for all concerned to change it, although the distance might be rather greater. The reefers turned out in great force, as also did the fair sex; whilst the general holiday air of con tentment spoke volumes in favor of the prospects of Tarrangower. The first day was a splendid one, though to wards the afternoon, the wind gave us a little foretaste of what wc may expect in a month or two; the morning setting in and the day closing with an oppressive hot wind. As will be seen, the racing was very fair, Hotspur and Maradoo's race being one of the best we have ever seen in this district. For the first race, Bosquet, a local horse, was an immense "pot," aud even 3 to 1 was laid upon him ; but, as has happened since the beginning of time, the vessel overflowed, and the sanguine in dividuals who wore so sweet had to pay dearly for their whistle. He certainly was in excellent order, especially taking into consideration the time he had been in training (about three weeks), and looked exceedingly well. Davy Jones had_ evi dently taken great pains with him, and he did his trainer credit ; but neither the speed nor, appa rently, the bottom was iu him, and although Davy did his utmost, the horse never had a chance iu the race. Rienzi, or as lie was here called, Lo renzo, looked altogether unfit, but he proved him self all there at the finish, winning the race easily. Mountain Deer was fine as a star ; and it seemed hardly credible that the gawky colt which ran at Muckleford could have been so transformed, for now he is as splendid an upstanding horse as one need wish to see. Ho was, however, evidently fat in ternally, for although he had plenty of pace,_ he was completely beaten and blown at the finish. There is no doubt, however, that we shall hear more of him under more favorable circumstances. Biddy was simply nowhere, and would really have been better at home, drawing a milk cart or some thing of the kind. On the secoud race, the Publicans' Purse, all the interest of this day was centred; for three cracks, Hotspur, Maradoo, and Cain, were to meet; and each was strongly fancied, though the former had the call, and was backed at evens against the field. Becky had also her admirers, but as she belonged to tlie same owners as Hotspur, and as they did not declare to win with one of the two started, according to racing rules, speculation wa9 to a great degree checked. Bungarabee was started, in all probability, for no other purpose than to allow Sam to display a gorgeous new jac ket aud cap ; as the idea of his having the ghost of a chance to win with these four, in a two mile race, was ridiculous. Cain had come out so well at Carisbrooli, and is altogether such a periect multum in parvo, that he gained a good deal of ourrrt-. : but the ,lIie Howling green at his home, that it completely knocked him out of time. All these horses were turned out in first rate condition, and it would be almost invidious to say which was best. All their trainers deserve great credit. Maradoo on this occasion was ridden by Joe Smith, one of the veiy best riders in the colony, aud he did his utmost with him. The horses in the third race, The Diqgebs Purse need no description further, for they were the same as in the Maiden Plate, owing to it being a closed race, and resulted as might be expected." It is to be hoped that tbis system of district racing may be soon exploded, and Tarrangower may take a lesson from the Castlemaine meeting, where there is not one single closed race, but the whole are open to the colouy, The two winners, viz.. Hotspur and Lorenzo wo are told were, bred by Mr. H. N. Simson, and indeed, that gentleman can justly claim the breeding of nearly half the crack horses in Victoria. About half-past twelve the bell rang for sad dling, and after a while took place the Maiden Plate, of tlie value of 30 sovs., for all horses that never won an advertised prize over £20. Weight for age. 1 mile heats. En trance, £3. Mr. Edward's Lorenzo, aged, (T. Pye) 2 11 Mr. Richard's Mountain Deer, 4 years 1 2-3 Mr. Subritzky's Bosquet, aged 3 3 2 Mr. Fitzgerald's Biddy, aged bolted; First heat.— Betting, any odds on Bosquet, no thing else mentioned. At starting, Mountain Deer took the lead, Lorenzo second and Bosquet well up, Biddy last. At the first turn Bosquet chal lenged and passed Mountain Deer. Lorenzo went on with the lead, and this order continued to the Judge's stand, when Bosquet went a-head for a .few strides. At. this, juncture, Biddy,' disgusted with the whole .concern and being perfectly conscious of the lark that was being played with her, like a sensible animal,' bolted and out the concern. At the last turn but one Mountain Deer went up with a rush, and cleared his horses like a shot, the favourite subsiding into third place, Lorenzo going well and keeping the Deer to his work. At the run in Pye endeavoured to get up but failed, and Mountain Deer won easily by three lengths, Bosquet a bad third, Biddy in the bush somewhere. Second heat. — Betting, 2 to 1 against Mountain Dlu utiii Xiui'tiiizo, oosquct Bii&Ky;, ami his backers nervous. Lorenzo went off at score, but was almost immediately beaded by-Bosquet, who made the pace much better than last heat, Moun tain Deer passing him at the same time. When they passed the stand Mountain Deer led by about half a length, the other two so well up that a sheet might have covered the lot. A good race ensued, Bosquet having for a short time a slight advantage, but was ultimately headed by Moun tain Deer and Lorenzo. At the run in, the latter let out; the Deer taking the secoud place, Bosquet last, and iu this order -they iiuished, Lorenzo winning by about two or three lengths. Third heat. — Bosquet was quite, out of favour and Lorenzo reigned in liis stead, any odds being ; offered . oil him. Lorenzo .again led, the Deer second, Bosquet behind but well up, these, places were maintained till the.turn past the stand, when, the, Deer fell back', aud Bosquet took bis position. The Deer now, made !a desperate effort to collar Lorenzo, but could not manage it, and the latter 'won easily. " , . , : t The next race was the Publican's Pubse of £50, for all horses, weight for age. Two miles and a distance. Entrance ' £5. " . . Mr.; Savior's cli. g. Hotspur, aged (Mitchell) 1 i Mr.Dawes'hr.g. Maradoo, 5 yrs. (J. Smith) 2 Mr. Sevior's b. in. Becky Sharp, agd. (Jones) 3 ; Mr.H.N.Simson'sb.g.Cain,6yrs. (Paddy) 4 i Mr.'Napier's ch. g. Bungarabee, 6yrs. (Sam) 5 ;Tliis was the crack race of the day, and a good deal of interest was felt in it. Hotspur, was the favorite. Bungarabee got the jump arid took the lead at a slashing "pace, but Becky Sharp collared, passed him before he had gone. by the stand, and. went on . at a tremendous rate, Maradoo lying third, Hotspur next, and Cairi bringing- up, the rear. /No change took, place for some, distance, "when Hot- spur.leU 'back. 'On passing, the stand' the second , time Bungarabee had had quite aii much of it as he liked, and gradually fell astern, MnrZZTT up into the second place, the pace beffil S01n8 time first rate. At the second turn Ja Hotspur went up but was pushed 0uthcn8'a« course. He was instantly riehted anfl . . hu again, losing but little ground. The 4'e01?« cular motion of his tail showed that V? rPenth- was ruffled by the occurrence, but as if pw thought bad struck him, he recovered hi'Mon(1 temper and set to work in an instant Sd the very devil l.ad kicked him, an ga& if mediately catching his horses. At the r; nm made an effort, but could do no good anj n ai" rebec was fairly pumped out, tlie race lvhf" tween Becky Sharp, Maradoo, and Ilotsnur Stu" former stopped at the run- in, but Vet L 'ls third, and a most splendid race ensued n!. m Hotspur and Maradoo, the former win2, CCn the judge decided— by half a head It „ y near that the majority of the people o'n the«LS0 imagined it to be a dead heat, an opinion in lT / we coincided, but the judge should have the opportunities for seeing. AU agree in however, that it was truly a magnificent rag' Hotspur on this occasion coming in fnr « ' liberal dose of whip, which proceeding have both startled and amazed himJ? dcrably, since hitherto bis owners have scar/1 dared to use it, his temper securing him 7 immunity from any punishment of the tind The next race was the Diggers' Purse, of the value of £30 for horses the bona fide property for 3 mouths if residents on larrangowev. H mile heats Weight for age. 3> Mr. Edwards' Lorenzo, aged (T. Pye) \ 1 Mr. Edwards' Little Tommy, aged ... 3 q Mr. Subritzky's Bosquet ... This race needs little description ; the first heit was won easily, and Bosquet was drawn for the next, Little Tommy being merely started to mak/ up a race. e The last event for this day was a Hack Dace which was won iu two heats by Mr. Cox's mare' beating nine others. 1 