MR. MICK O'GRADY'S VIEWS OF THE NOMINATION. (As Described in a Letter to Mr. Patrick Malony, of Cork.) Ah Pat, I've oft written of late, yez, Do best to come over the say! 'Tis better than diggin pertaties, And fadin on point ev'ry day. 'Tis better than raypin in sayson, The bloodthirsty Sassenach's whate, 'Tis better I towld ye by rayson, That here ye get lashins to ate Me boy, And can stuff out the childther wid mate. But Pat I'm incloined to repint me, If me eloquent letters has done The avil effects to have sint ye, Away from the oiland o' fun. For here 'tis so dull and so paceful, The devil a foit can ye raise, I witnessed a sayn so disgraceful To day, that in all me born days I hope 'Tis the last o' the koind as I says. Sure Milburn's a moity fine city, Wid beautiful houses and strayts; But oh, 'tis a shame and a pity When to nominate mimbers they mayts There's not such a thing as injoymint, And divil a row can be had, My shillelagh has got no imployment, And mesilf is inclined to go mad. Och hone! 'Tis too shameful untoirly bedad. There's Staw'll, from the gim o' the ocean, What elections is loike ought to know, And O'Shanassy, o'ive got a notion, Could dale out a pretty nate blow. In this loife may I taste no more toddy, If, when that swate youth Macoboy, Brought out his big words and big body, My sowl didn't lape up wid joy; But oh! Me hopes proved to be all me oi. They may call the tame scayme an iliction, I say 'twas a farce for bad luck, To the boys,—widout telling a fiction,— Not a ghost of a blow was there struck. The divil a head was there broken, But that of a bast of a black, And his counts for nothing, be token He fell down the stips on his back, By chance, And gave his own thick skull a crack. Then stay where ye are Pat me jewil, For though there ye git little to ate, And though here there, both mate, drink, and fuil Ye'd miss the perpetshual trate. That matings in Oirland supplys ye— The oceans o' foiting and fun— Remain where ye are I advise ye Or bedad ye'll repint as I've done— That's mesilf Me mother's unfortunate son. THE "SALDANHA'S" MAILS.—In order to expedite the delivery of these mails, (when they arrive) they will be landed at Queenscliffe and conveyed overland to Melbourne, &c.;, by a bullock-team, engaged (regardless of expense) for that purpose by the owners of the Black Ball line of Packets. 