I THU JUNO. I SLASHING MILL ; . ISIWS»» TUM UI-BIT AND BILI. 5IA3KET, BOTH OP WJL13l:nFORCB¡ CATCH WEIOUTSJ FDR £10 A-SIDK; COBIT 12ST 4 LUS ; il ASICK V 123T. - On Monday morning hetwcon 5 nnd G o'clock, wo started for tho fight, up to our knees in mud. Wo at length reached tho ground, ahout half a mile from Coherofi's, Wilberforce. The ring was pitched, nnd tho men nbout to begin, when our scouts telegraphed the blue.«; wo hail tn cul; nnd after sundiy doublings and enrvetings, wo pitched our ring un Bill White and deaf Sob's convincing ground. Cubic first shied his castor in the ring, and was quickly f dlowod b.y Maskey. Cul it was attended by Frank Norris and Bill Lane; Narry Teal and Alf Hushell doing the needful for Maskuj-. They- toeJ the scratch, shook hands, and commenced Tnp, pionT. Round I-When tho mon. toed the scratch, thc attitude of Cubit was first-rate; that of Vlashey, in our opinion. W03 rather wild. Bias key opened the ball with .a left-handed lunge, which was neal ly stopped by Cubit, who coun- tered on the ribs. ' Maskey down. 2- Maskey again led off, eaucht Cubit a stinger on the conk, draging the claret. [First blood for Maskey], Cubit again countered with bis lefc on the ribs. Maskey again went to grass. 3- No damage done on either side. 4 -A repetition of No. 3. 5 - Cubit, on toeing the mark, let fly bis left, caught Maskey a terrific one on the ribs, knock- ing him clean oft" his pins. [First knock down for Cubit]. From tho 5th to the 29th round. Maskey went down niter.getting or giving a little ono. 30-Cubit lcd off with hiB left, crnight Maskey on the knowlcdgii-box; Maskey countering on the eye. drawing moro claret. Maskey down. 31 - From this lo the 50th, it was all the same, Maskey going down with scarcely a touch. 51-Maskey came up-with a determination to change the affairs. Both men hit together; a sharp rally, and both down. From this to the 67th round, Maskey had not a ghost of a chance. - At the close of. tho 67th round, his seconds seeing that all chanco was gone, threw up tho sponge. The fight lasted 1 hu ur. REMARKS. It will be seen by tbe above, that Maskey adopted the dropping system, or the fight would have terminated much sooner. Cubit is al-out us good a rough as ever entered tho ring; and if he follows it up, ho will be a tcazcr to some of tbe kn</wing ones. -.- ' i 