VAUiUICTOKV SERVICE. A VI:IIY interesting service was held ¡it Carr-s-la:ic Chapel, Birmingham, rm Wednesday, the I Uh instant, in connection with thc departure o'fthc Rev. William Cuthbertson. U.A., late of West Bromwich, for Sydney, New South Wales, to succeed the Kev. Dr. RJSS as pastor of the Congregational Church ot Pitt-street. Tho Rev. Professor Barker, of Spring Hill College, read a portion of Scripture, and implored the Divine blessing. Tile Rev. Tliomas James, aa thc secretary of the Colonial Missionary Society, spoke at some length of the corly history of tho" colony and its present growing importance ; he bore honourable testimony to the valuable services of thc Rev. Dr. Ross, and showed that there was everything to encourage thc new Mr. George A. Lloyd (who was introduced by thc Rev. J. Angeli Janies ns a member or the church at Sydney, and ono of thc committee appointed to select a pastor) acknowledged the obligations under which tho Pitt-street Church waa laid to the Colonial Mis- sionary Society for having influence.! thc mo vein cut of Dr. Ross to Australia, and to Kidderminster for hav- ing parted with him. Ho rend a letter from one of the deacons, expressive of thc Church's deep anxiety that a faithful minister might soon arrive amongst them. Mr. L. concluded with a glowing description of tho earnestness andiiflee thn of thc members of the Church, and tho cordiality with which he felt assured they would receive their new pastor. Rev. Mr. Cuthbertson alluded to the consolatory nature of such a meeline to himself, surrounded ns he was by such mon as thc R'-'v. J. A. .James and Rev. Samuel Marlin ; some of his late f.-llow-students, now pastors of important churches; many of thc memoirs of his late church and congregation, as well as thefriends of Carr's-lano, whoso presence testified to their esteem. Mr. C. said that he did not leave lift native lund a disappointed man, but could look with feelings (rfholy joy mid gratitude to the success that had attended his ministry. He did not leave because bc ceased to regard as important thc sphere in which he had laboured, but because tho claims of Allstr.ilin seemed to him para- mount, ire adverted to tho claims that Australia had on ministers of Engliih Churches and referred to thc high position which it WJS evident Australia was des- tined to occupy, and the immense inliuencc it would in all probability exercise both upon China and India. Tho present time specially required Nonconformists to bring out prominently their principles in Australia. He remarked that tho glorious Pilgrim lathers, when they lauded upon Plymouth Rock, were all hut ignorant of thc tendencies of thc mighty principles they were bringing into operation, and altogether so of the results upon the world of the colony they then estab- lished. British Christians, on the contrary, had had thc benefit of studviug thc religious and civil policy of tho Western World for their guidance-a Bancroft bad sketched the birth and growth of thc United States, and blind must they be if as a united Church they were not impressed with tho responsi- bility God had placed upon them of holding forth the principles of religious freedom. Mr. Cuthbertson fur- ther said, thc great work wes to preach the Gospel not only for thc sake of thc great land itself, but in couse quenco of ita influence upon the adjacent islands and continent. He desired to livo in friendship with the ministers of all denominations in Sydney, and trusted that under his pastorate Pitt-street'Chapel would still maintain its high position in the colony. Mr. Cuth- bertson said he knew tho difficulty ' of suc- ceeding such a man ns Dr. Ross, but hoped that tlint excellent mau would afford him his kind counsel, and thc Christian friends nt Pitt street aid him with their sympathies nnd prayers. In conclusion. Mr. Cuthbertson spoke of what appeared to him thc probable future of Australia, and trusted that in ofter times, even his name might bo enrolled among those of whom it could be said, that under thc blessing ol' God, they hud KO influenced thc inhabitants of thc land of gold, that they had been led to love the statutes of God mere than gold-yea, ond to desire them more than fine gold. The Kev. John Angeli James offered thc dedicatory prayer with his usual fervour and appropriateness ; after which he took Mr. Cuthbertson by thc hand, and in thc most offeclionato fatherly spirit spoko os fol- lows:-" My beloved brother,-May these petitions bo fully answered so for as they might conduce to your prosperity. I rejoice in tile Church to which you arc going, and thc honoured man you arc called to suc- ceed. I have known your history for many years, ond hove watched your progress from step to Rtcp. You have consulted mo in days gone by, and have been influenced in this decision by my advice. Wc are now about to part, never to meet oguin till wc meet around the great white throne. Muv thc richest blessing of Almighty God bc ever with you. I cannot expect to bc long here, as the days of my year» aro numbered, but when the tongue that now addresses you is silent in the grave, may yours bc eloquent and earnest in the service of our Groat Master." Thc Rev. Samuel Martin concluded thc proceeding! of tho service by an eloquent and touching address to Mr. Cuthbertson, foundud on tho 2nd Corinthians, 13th chapter 24 TOT.«.-"The communion of tho Holy Ghost bo with you." Thc service throughout was deeply interesting, and will not easily bo forgotten in Birmingham.-JJ rit ¡sh 