: . MB. "WARNER'S BENEFIT. ' Hamlet lias boon always regarded as the most diffiault of all Shnksponro's conceptions to be understood by- tlie critic, or to be realised by the aotor. Iu our opinion it is perhaps tlie easiest. We aro aware that we are uttoring a literary lieresy ; for roviowors, Slmbsporian editors, and dramatists have, for more than a obntury combinod persoveringly in confusing a creation bo simple in its very unity. We have been gradually taught to think tbiit Hamlet is hot ilosh and blood like ourselves; that his thoughts are boyond mortal ken ; that his mind is -midway between lioaven and earth — that bo is, in fact, what Walpolo had tho audncity to oall Goldsmith, "an inspired idiot." Our editions toein with arguments upon .the reality or the hypocrisy of his mad ness; .until at lust ithaseomo to bethoro- ceived belief that this noblest, most ' intellec tual of SJiakspoaro's heroes ; this intense hater of shams, deliberately entered upon a course of oowardly imposture. How tlie great drama tist would writho if he could discovor that stupidity or too great subtlety oould so rend his prinoe-philosopher.. If men would but study to understand tlio poot's idea earnestly and honestly, they would discovor it to bo ns clear as the . noontide sun. Tho clouds, tho shadowy haze with wliioh they now invest it, are all of their owu creation. . Shakspeare had not only been long ,a deep observet of human nature, hut an intense lover of tho'beautiful in all its shapes; so intense that ho could not but yoam for perfect huma nity, (for , ' impossible to morrows") which sbotiid prove tlio world loss base than expe rience had proved him: it was. His poet- heart revolted'fromi the crimes, tho vices, the mean ness and littlonoss of life. It sickened at the impurity whioli was ovory day laid more and more clear to bis pieroing eye. His very gonitis forced' him still to 6oe, while he sick ened at the sight. Heuce sprung gentle, in tellectual, Heaven-aspiring and Ileavon des pairing Hamlet. Throughout the greater por tiou of tlie play it is Shakspeare himself who is speaking; breathing forth tho thoughts of mauy a solitary dispirited hour in language such "iis none but himself could utter, 'Ho had prbbod society to its very core, and found it rotten. This' knowledge had, howovor, gra dually been acquired by tho poot; aiid;'in Hamlet lie' lias endeavoured ' to show the oifeet upon' a young nature of a sudden disco very of this description. This is tho koy-note of Hamlet's wild action, nnd his still wilder words, his misanthropy, his bitterness, his fieroonoss. It is tlie sudden aumhening of amostpure nature to an acquaint- aricewiih the impurities of humanity displayed in their foulest forms. The shock was great, but not too gi'oat for liis reason. On the con trary, it induced him to gird himsolf with an armouv .of disbelief and weapons of shrewdness lost he should run tbe chance of surrendering a captive to his feelings. His worldly shrewd ness appoars to have been marvellously sharp ened, aud he who previously bad never-doubt ing i'aitli in almost universal, virtue, now bo- lioved that, itsexistenoo in man or woman was a myth. Let us see .what his position was before the tragedy commences. Ho is loved by a'fathor whom lie idolises; lie 'is devoted to a mother who uppoars.to bo tho inostloviug of wives ; / '." . "Why she would hang on him As if increase of appetite had grown With what it fed on." ' He,' himself, follows those scholarly occupa tions so well oaldula'tod to, satisfy so fino a mind; and only, turns - froin'thein'to bask in the sunshine of tho.lovo of one, tho very: imago of purity, or to exchangq confidenc'o witli friends enthusiastic in thair protestations of affection:; Tho blight soon comos, aud so suddenly, ' His father dies ; but the tears which naturally flow from filial J piety, from deep grief at tlio loss' of so fond a parent, are dried by the .scorching agony produced by his mother — to. him hitherto the pattern of women — marryiug within a month to her husband's, brother, liis whole ..character undergoes at once a sudden ohango. There is no madness, but a too sad reality. The dreamy sohoiar wakes up into tho worldly- minded oynio. The vojl which 1ms so long shut put tho " ills that flesh is heir. to," its grossnoss, and its deformi ties, has fallen and for ever. The world to him is now " an unwee'led garden," — its in habitants " things rank and gross in nature ;" life 'valueless ; its ends and objects ' stale, fiat, and unprofitable." Even Rhe fair, delicate Ophelia, — that frail bark upon a tempestuous ocean,— she in whose oars he had poured "the honey of liis music vows," does not esoapo his jealous incredulity of virtue. Upon all. man-; kind, and himsell especially, lio looks down with a haughty scorn. Yet amidst all this wilderness of distrust and doubt, bis love for one friend shines out like an oasis in the desert. Horatio bo never ceases to trust; to confide to him his uiOBt secret thoughts aud- to seek from liim consolation for his isolation from the rest of mankind." It is in those small touches, invisible to tho ootnmoii perception' of character, that we recognise the truth of Shakspearo's genius, and tlio beauty of his art. In all-liis bitterness, his sudden worldli ness, and universal' mistrust, Hnmlet must still have some true : faithful .'friend upoiT whose 'heart-, lie could lay liis .heavy lioad. Ho could not stand quite alone ; .lie did; not dare to make no exception.to his misanthropy. Herein it was that Mr. Warner proved him self truly an actor. His pourtruy al , of - tho utter liolplessne33.'of the strong self-rolying man 'prostrated' by tho sudden confirmation of his worst' fears; -and the. loving manner in which bo buried his head in Horatio's bosom when ovor-taxed by liis highly-wrought nerves, showed mpro forcibly tlio appreciation of the poet's idea than a dozen speeches oould, however effectively delivered.. Tho bqliof in tlie madness attributed to Hamlet arises from the following causes. He had boon a most dutiful son ; his mother's speedy marringo sweeps away all rospeot for her. IIo had boon kind and gentle in man ner to those around him ; lie detcoLs thoir subservioncy, and treats them with a con tempt couched in language far aliovo their understandings. Ho had been a studont, nnd leaves liis studies to study the worst qualities of human nature. He lias been a devoted lover, and insults his mistress. They deem this certainly to bo insanity, and ho will not stoop to undeceive them. The king alone sus pects there is a method iu his madness ; tlie guilty conscionee gives an edge — often too sharp— to tlio wits. , Wo must hot, however, iudulgo our pen; it has played truant long ottough, and ft news paper is scarcely tlio vehicle for an elaborate commentary Wo will turn to Mr. Warnor. Tho ohief fault wo havo to find witli him is that lie did notrdnro to strike out an original pnth for liiinsolf. IIo imitated where ho ought to linvo initiated. Wo pass this censure on him more confidently, becnuso wo boliovo him, by tlio aid of deep thought und study, capable ot an -original concoption. Our Gnrrioks, Koans, and Komblos have never road tho cha racter, wo aro oonvincod, as tho l'oot meaut it to be read. They havo strained for stage- ofleot, and overstepped tho renl modosty of Hamlet's, nnturo. Wo liavo yet to see a Shakspearo's Hamlet upon an English stago Mr. Warner's personification of tho Dano was bettor than we had anticipated. Ho looked the churactor oxtremoly woll ; dressed it well ; and delivered some parts most suc cessfully. Still it wns evident ho had no clear ness of outlino to fill up ; ho had followed too blindly in the path of eminont predecessors, and lind been too timid or too idle to out out a track for himself. It must ho romomberod that wo are now criticising him by tlio highest standards of European dramatic art. The first two nets we wore not in time to see, and we were sorry Hint we were late, for the ftdvico to the playors was dolivered in so gentlemanly and quiet a manner, and so ef fectively withal as to make us regret our not being able to criticise tho performance iu its entirety. With tho first portion of tho colo- brnted soeno whoroin the mook tragedy is enacted, we wero not pleased. There was not that courtesy to Ophelia, that delicate attention whioh a lover, suppressed by a strong effort though his passion may he, ought to have dis played. When lie throws himsolf down at iier i'eet ho should possess liiinsolf of ono of Iter hands, and the very' straining of liis grasp when all his' energies aro concentrated upon the ono point, the king's guilt or innoceuco, might bo made a maslor-pieco of bye-play. Wo objeot, moreovor, to Colley Cibbor's fan. Wo don't believe that tho Danish ladies of those days wero guilty of possessing these dreadful articles of flirtation. Unloss our memory de ceives us much they did not come in until about a century before Gibber mutilated Shak speare. Ouo hand of Ophelia's tightly held, the other shading tlio brow, nnd tho oarnost, intense, soul-penetrating gaze, wouldbo tlie best dramatic uction that could be conceived, as the King's face grew mora agitated ns lie was more troubled ; as bis guilt showed itself more elearly tho face might bend itself witli a more cagor concentrated glance; the breath might come more nurriodly 'through the open lips ; find the terrified girl s hand, whose lieud should bo bent in a timorous attempt to read his countenanob over her unintelligible lover, more and more firmly clasped. Mr. Warner mddo a great mistake in . his expression of Hamlet's triumph at the success of his strata- gem. Tho exultation here is one born' of tlie very cssonco of low-voiced passion. . He ovon condescends to quote, from a ballad, and winds up with a hot to Horatio, who gently replios to his, question, -"Didst perceive?" " Yeiy woll. my lord." Suspense exists no longer; tho ghost's words, are . true.; His .belief in the world's bollowness is confirmed. , I-loro it was that Mr. Warner, taxed his energies— need- nessly, as wo have said — and fainted in oonse- quonco. : Ho soon revived," however, and in a few. minutes tho play proccedod. We liavo neither space nor leisure to trace it through out this vile acting edition ; otherwise , we should bo liy no meaus sparing in our censure upon tho idiotey of its first ooneoctor, and the bad taste of those who can stoop to follow its stage directions. Fancy large-thoughted Hamlet " leaning upon Folonius's shoulder." Mr. Warner's acting in the olosot scone with the Queen was masterly. Tliero were forco, passion, truth, and filial respect' all combined. Tho love - for his mother and habitual defe rence to her. will wore vigorously oontrnstod- with tho horror which, liaa been oooasioned by her lustful marriago. Mrs. Poole, more over, as far ns her voice' would, allow lior, ex hibited all tho natural horror whioh tbo reve lation of such a sin would necessarily oxcite, when her own son was the accuser. But it was when, the ghost stole tipou the scone that Warner showed his first-rate qualities ols a tra gedian, nnd Mrs. Poolo her error in stepping tram her path, that of an elegant liglitcomedy aotress. , Her grace of movement, her appear ance, lior olear and delicate . accents; and :lier. . archness fit her eminently for this - role ; if she/, attempts the former she will bo certain to fail. Why was the .Ghost allowed to come with his pow dered face and pasteboard helmet immediately before tho footlights ? It was absurd in' the extreme, nnd destroyed tlie whole illusion. Ho ought. to have, glided in at the very hack of tho stage, and tlie means used.to produce the, pallor would never have been . recognised. Here too Mrs Poole was at fault. She ought to have gazed with steadfast eyes upon the : figure, and : still declared herself at fault; i Her: shriok, when . she hears Hamlet declare that what she lind re garded as tlm very coinage of liis brain, was liis father present in tho room, was tin adrnir- .ably burst of fear; and her vain endoavours to embrace iter son, and her subsequent distress 'at his'repulsb; evince an amount of imagina tion and dramatie art highly worthy of com- meridation. - There are several other dofoots of Mr, Warner's wliioh wo might montion, hut' they all lie on'the surfaoe. I-Iis dragging his body along tlio floor to the king during the repre sentation of the mock play was a movement as ungraeoful as it was uncalled for. Ho must nover forget that he is tlio Prince; the heir apparent to the succession, nnd although lie may chooso to throw himsolf iuto a enro- less attitude for the purpose of bettor walchiug the face of bis villainous unole, liis crawling along in a serpcntlike fashion to tho foot of the throne is simply absurd, and utterly out of charaoter. Mr. Warnor possesses all tho qunlltios of a first-rate tragedian, but his mind and physical powers imiBt bo devoloped by study und training before he can hope to rea'ch the third. His manner is always gen tlemanly, for tho simplo reason that lie is a goutlomun. _ His tragic powers aro obvious to overy critic; aud were they not. so, we should not have analysed tho performanoo of a colonial aotor so strictly. Mr. Warner can rise to any height he ohoosos in liis profession, eitlior liero or in England, hut ho will have to study intensely ; to cast off the slough of- mere stngo routino ; to dediente liis talent to some thing better thnn tlie pit or tho galleries; and above all to sock by every moans to improve to tlio utmost, and to avoid overtaxing his physical powers. Wo will guarantee liis suc cess if tho endurance of his physique equals the strength of liis intellect. Wo havo not much to say about the other characters. Dliss Wntson's Ophelia both sur prised and pleased us. Hor acting in tho mad scone was graceful and natural; Her little snatches of ballads wore somowliat sweetly sung, and the flowers she lots fall, wero scattered in a most artless manner. Mr. Walsh's Polonius was intolerably dis gusting. His representation of a shrewd worldly old man, tho chamberlain of one of tbo greatest monarehs, and tbo most olegant courts in Eutopo, wns as absurd as It wa6 offeusivb. According to Mr. Walsh's Idea, this accomplished courtier wns a stupid, dri velling, loud-voiced, olowniBh old idiot, who usod his chamberlain's whito wand for a staff, nud bawled out evory sentence lio uttered in a key wliioh might do woll for a hay- flold, but would littlo suit tlio court. Lot Mr. Walsh stick to liis vocation ; let him sing comio songs. But if lie will represent tho Danish Chesterfield let him drop liis voice to its pitch ; lot his smile ho of the sweetest ; let his oyo lie of tho acutest, and liis'oar the readiost. Hardly above a whisper should tho silvery noeonts rise ; and oveiy gesture should bo in conso- nnnco with tlio moBt perfect grace. Could the stupid clown, whioh modern interpretation would induce us to beliove Polonius, deliver suoli shrewd, pregnant, and sonsihlo advice as that given to Laertes previously to liis depar- ture? It is tho very essence of all Lord Clies- tsrfiold's letters distilled into a single spcooh. Again, wo say, lot Mr. Walcli sing comio songs. Wo havo nothing to snynboutthe othor minor actors. Wo have only to deal with Mr. Warner and Mrs. Poolo. We havo already expressed our opinion about tho order of the talant wliioh the latter undoubtedly possessos, and would once inore'reitorato upon the former that if lie cultivate liis intolleat and preserve liis bodily strength, ho may riso to a high placo in tho profession tlio bent of liis genius leads him to follow. 