THE PROPERTY. QUALIFICATION QUESTION. -J To the Editor of the Argus. Sir, Being only an intermittent reader of the Age, I did not happen to see the letter of "Common Sense" on the day of it's publication, else I should have noticed it immediately, it only for the purpose of correcting a most strange misapprehension on his part, regarding certain allusions in my former communication, which he seems to appropriate and distribute amongst his friends, " the popular members lately elected to the Legislative As- . As I did not feel my remarks at any particular or political party, or suppose them susceptible of any factious application, I hastily sought the Argus containing my letter, with a view of reproaching myself for an error or inadvertence ; but to my infinite surprise, on reading it over and over with the most critical deliberation, I was unable to discover, a single passage, line, word, or innuendo, which by any process of twisting or straining was capable of. being construed into an implied insinuation against the popular members , lately elected to the Legislative Assembly." In fact I am un- sophisticated enough to be unable to iudT of " whom those " popular members are supposed to CODsist,unless ldcduceaninference from the context of the epistle of "Common Sense," I and dub that little clique the popular party I who endeavoured to put together some politi- - I call capital by grossly misrepresenting and ra- pidly denouncing the Government. Although this, in my mind, would be manifestly an au I justifiable christening, seeing that the great popular voice at their elections was reduced to a most miserable squeak, emanating from a paltry fraction, not counting together one tithe of the constituencies on whom they foisted themselves. My remarks, as I have already observed, were intended to apply to certain notorious individuals. and not to a particular party; but - it seems the cap fitted the so-called popular party, who incontinently clap it on their heads, and proclaim, through their amanuensis, " we are the galled jades whose withers have been wrung by the truculent ' Shillelagh ;' " we are the noxious creatures, the "slimy reptiles, the embryo " perjurers, " to whom he at hides for it is clear that these epithets could, apply tone others than" thepopularmembera latelyelectedtotheLegislative Assembly;" and as it has ever been a delicate matter to interfere with conscientious convictions, 1 ; shall not stop at present to quarrel with the greedy appropriation of the popular representatives," but pass on to a brief notice of " Common Senses" interpretation of the qualification clause, according to which it will be a work of supererogation to have it expunged from the Constitution. All that it requires under his reading-to invest a candidate with the requisite qualifica- tion is " good credit on the one part, and a credulous, or, what would be still more convenient, a fabulous landowner, on the other. Of course mutual confidence is a necessary ingredient in the manufacture, for without faith it is impossible to be saved," even politically; and it surely is not exacting too much from either party to require a slight effort of imagination faint reciprocal mirage of the brain-which " lends a species of reality as well as enchantment to the view." and most accommodating transforms this mental illusion the mercantile shadow into a commercial commodity ; the base mechanical part of the operation alone remain- ing, which is simplicity itself, as most of us can testify : the man of credit merely writing his name across an oblong slip or paper, commonly called a bill of exchange, and handing it to the man of acres, who gives him in re return a descriptive memorandum of land situated in South East, or elsewhere, when the qualification is duly perfected, and, in the words of our domestic recipes, " fit for immediate use," accompanied only with this nominal caution, " that as the land is bought on credit it must not be mortgaged book again as security, as then the phantom would be resolved into it's original moonshine. But the overtopping beauty of this ingenious invention is, that it offers "nothing that the law can lay hold of. It is substantially useful, while it is legally impalpable something akin to Hamlet's ghost; We do it wrong, being so majestical, \- To offer it the show of violence : For it is as the air invulnerable, And our vain blows malicious mockery. For although the purchaser may be port" sonally liable for £18,000," and without assets to pay one farthing in the pound, he will nevertheless be legally and equitably sensed and possessed of a clear freehold of £203: a year, above all charges and incumbrances, - which it must be admitted is a most consoling "fiction" of "Common Sense," trans- cending by many degrees any " notion of common law that was ever dreamt of by Bacon; Coke, or Blackstone." In my humble judgment, however, the in troduction of the analogy between this re- fined fiction and an every' day. huckstering transaction of trade is not happily conceived ; it breaks the spoil, and summarily shuts us out from the elysian realms of dreamland. - No doubt "a man of credit and renown" in the course of trade may buy £2,000 worth of mo- - lasses on his acceptance, and once seized and possessed of the luscious article, he may immediately dispose of it, wholesale or retail, in order to provide funds for the bill, which, Uko - a bomerang, is sure to come back to the pro- . jector; but not so with land similarly purchased possession confers no legal or equitable title until the blister is skinned over by a deed of conveyance, so that a speculator in land, without any other resource than bare credit, can have no means of retiring his acceptance but by relinquishing the propErty which "Common Sense maintains he would be justified in swearing he was legally and equitably seized and possessed of, above all charges and encumbrances. , As to the question of "collusion," it is not at all exemplified in Mr. Duffy's case ; collusion as well as matrimony, requires two contracting or confederating parties, in that instance the collusion, like Irish reciprocity, was all on one side ; there was no deceitful agreement on the part of the Exile of Erin. " The movement was undertaken without his connivance, and, although no doubt he ac- cepted the multifarious gift most thankfully, it by no means follows that he became possessed of it " collusively." Having said thus much, I will leave " Com" mon Sense" and his popular friends to deal with the qualification question as they think fit but I promise them that the all-seeing eye of the public will continue steadily fixed upon them. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant. SHILELAGH. 