LITERATURE. RECOLLECTIONS OF IRELAND. We give our readers tills week the first . chapter of Thomas F. Mkagher's interesting : reminiscences of Ireland. On board the old steamer William Ptnn I , came up the Suir, the second morning of Easter Week- in 1843 I had wished good -by to Stony hurst. My College days were over, my life in the world had begun. It was a stormy year. U wonnen naa openea lcwuu a suouuor a nepeai. The Repeal debate in the Dublin Corporation had taken place. It was a splendid controversy. Vivid eloquence on both sides of the house; a manly spirit of fair play ; a chivalrous love of Ireland ; intelligence, courtesy, and patriotism characterized the event. The interest of the people was awakened — their enthusiasm excited. They had been inert, slujgish, listless. No people could have been mure so. Hut the true chin d once- struck, everything was restored. Hope, delight, ecstacy, defiance — a tumultuous life leaped to the -summons.-* The great meeting at Navan had taken, place.' Limerick, too had poured out thousands through her ancient gates to meet the Liberator. The first waves of the vast sea coming on, had struck the beach. It was at such a moment 'I returned to my native city. ' . \- A bright sun was lighting ud the dingy walls of Duncannon Furt as we paddled under them. There was 'Cheek Point on the left, towering grandly over the woods of Faithlegg. Further on, at the confluence of the Barrow and the Suir. were the ', ruins of Dunbrody Abbey— an old servant, with torn livery, at the gateway of the noble avenue. Further on, the grounds and stately mansion of Snow Hill, the birthplace of Richard Sheil. Then the Little Island, with its fragment nf Norman castle, and its liroiid com fit-Ids and I.ingly trees. Beyond this Gaul's Ruck, closing in upon and overlooking the old city. Last of all, Reginald's Tower — a massive Jnnge of stone connecting the two great outspread wings, the Quay and Mall, within which lay the body of the city — Broad street, the cathedial, the barracks, the great chapel, the j iil, the Bally hricken [iil], with its circular stone steps and UUIl-UURL. The W,illiam Penn stopped her paddles, let off her steam, hauled in close to the hulk, and made fast. I.-was at home once more. Twelve m«nths had passed since I bid .good-bye to it. Everything; was just as [ had left it. The same policeman chewing a straw, was dawdjing up and .down the flag- way opposite, where the steamer cnme-to anchor. The same old Tramore jingle waslazily jingling by. The good old Dean of the Protestant Cathedral, in his black knee bretches and long b'ack gaiters, his episcopal hat and ebony cane, was still pattering and puffing ' along the smooth broad side' walk, from the Mayor's offke to Mrs. M'Cormac's confectionary, ' * and-lmek again. - The same casks, the same bales ' of suit gonds, the same baulks of timber I had seen there ten years ago, were still lying on the Quay, between'the river and the iron chains and the pillars. .The same rueful, wild, haggard face seemed to be pressed against the rusty bars of the second -window from the basement of the Ring Tower— the same I had seen as I drove past in her Majesty's- mail coach on my way to Dublin l lit- summer before. And there was the spire of the cathedral right up against me ; and there was 'Cromwell's rock right behind me; and. the Abbey Church ; and Grubb's steam-mills; and White's dock yard; and the glorious wooden bridge, built by Cox, of Bostm. n mile up the river fnim where I stood ; and the shipping ; and the big butter maiket; and the shops and stores Rlong the Quay — an awkward squad of various heights and uniforms, several hundred yards in length. Waterford never appeared tonje to change:; For a century, Ht least, it lias not gained a wrinkle nor lost a smile. In every season, and jor a ] (11)0 seasons, it has been, ami will be, the same did tree. If no fresh leaf springs, no dead leaf drops from it. The l)*inP3 planted- it; Strongbow put his name and that of Eva, his Irish -bride, deep into its bark ; and King John held court beneath it! boughs; James the Second bid his crown into the crevices of its roots, and fled from it to France. It has witnessed many other events, many other familiarities have been tnksn with it. Many w'.rse blows have been given it, since the -Earl tif I'bmbroko hacked it ?with his sworrt. But it has Buffrretl xiotm'nj;. The dews, ami the storm, and the frost, and the summer heat comn «n-l | ass away, hurting no thing, improving within;,'.' 'Leaving it, at the trid'oi ages, the same ok1, dusty, quiety, htsrty, bounteous, venerable tree. Heaven bless' it ! : And may the sweet birds long fill its shady trel leses with music ; and the noble stream with full breast nourish the earth where it has root ! ! But a great change had taken place in Water- j ford since I hadvlast been in it, though appear- : ance gave no intimation of it. The old corpora- ! tion or city council had been displaced, and a new one. installed in the ancient seats, had been talking and voting, and in a small way governing for the last six months. The former — an irres ponsible, self- elected, self-conceited bigotfd body — closed its existence amid the jeers, and jokes, and groans of the people. The bill of parliament under which this change took place like every other bill of remedical tendency emanating from ! the same place wns illiberal and gripvously de ! fective. It authorised the election of the city I cnuncn ijJ tue peoDie, out cunanen its powers. It was the enurciation of a principle — the prin ciple of a popular government — with careful pro visions annexed, so that the clauses should defeat the preamble. It was a fair skin with the cancer below it. It looked well. Apparently, worked well. It whs' a glorious *hing the people thought, to see some of their own sort in possession of the .Town Hall : t' see the Mayor going to Mass; to sec inm presiding at a public dinner given to O'C.on nell ; to see Larry M ullowney. the repeal Warden iroill Jiouill in i?ei v, mi r^iuci uinii , ui ocu atuni; other political friend and favourite, constable nf the fish market. It was a blessed tliinir, they thought, to have the repairing of the streets, of nuisances, and the government of the Holy Ghost and Leper hospitals, all in their own hands ; and sure they never thought they'd see Felix the basket maker, the bitterest Orangeman of them all, carrying the wli'te wand before his Catholic Worship, as his Worship, with the gold chain about his neck, went up to Ballybricken to pre side at Petty Sessions. All this was deeply gratifying to the masses of trie people, i-jut in me surprise ana aengiic.u excited, the restrictions on the popular power, which accompanied the municipal honours, were . altogether overlooked. Hence the reform in the city government was estimated far more highly than it should have been, and fr-m the orators of the democracy called forth congratulations so profuse and ostentatious for the advantages con ferred. In Ireland it has always been s(i Gene rous and credulous to excess, the people gi--c the largest credit cm the smallest security, and repay the poorest favors with a prodigal measure of thanks. So it was when George the Fourth set his corpulent majesty on the granite beach of Dalkey. He wore a clump of shamrocks on his breast! shook hands with some country gentlemen in the Plcenix Park, and promised tn drink their healths in whiskey punch. Whereupon there was a roar of joy, and Dublin went mad with loyalty. So it whs when Catholic Emancipation was achieved. On every hill a bonfire, in every window a lamp or candle, in every chapel a thanks giving; throughout the country the wildest mer riment, as though the land were free, as though each man had his vote, gun, and acre ; as though the conquest had been repealed ; Shelly, the poet of Republicanism, wrote truly when he wrote these words — ^ ? Catholic disquamicatinn affects the law. TIia Rtihipntinn nf TreUirid to F.norhmH nfiWfs thp thousands. The one disqualifies the rich from power, the other impoverishes tl-e peasant, adds beggary to the city, famine to the country, Inul tiplies aVjectness, whilst misery and crime play, into each other's hands, under its withering aus pices.' Catholic emancipation has enabled a few Ca tholic gentlemen to sit in parliament, and there concur in the degradation of their country. It has brought a handful of slaves from the field, and gives them appointments in the master'3 house The privileged class hut wear toe livery of the proprietorship which compels the obedience of an entire country, exacts its labour, and ap (.-! Wpi IllVtO IbiJ piU«Ah7. UO *U 1TCIO WJLII IIJU. JL^lllg O. visit, and with Catholic Emancipation, so it was, as I have said, a balloon 'handsomely painted, which carried up a boat-load of gentlemen a little higher in the world than they had been before. The people cheered as the balloon ascended ; and, carried away with their enthusiasm, fancied that they themselves went with it. In this ecstatic mosd I found my fellowtowns men on my return from college. My father was sitting in the curiile chair. Chief magistrate 'of the city, he presided at the meetings of the city council, and the bench * of .borough justice. Amongst the aldermen and. town councillors, were the most conspicuous politicians, of the place. Men who had poured out their souls in fiery streams upon the shackles of the Catholic cause and the ruins of Ireland, for years and years; and who would have fallen to ashes but for the fresh fuel supplied them constantly from Dublin; these men were now seated ut the red table in the assembly room — a senate on the scale of a dw:-rf, with the limp of a cripple, and the look of a b«ggar. The few faculties they possessed, and these faculties fur the most part hampered — the fact of their not being able tu borrow the smallest sum for the improvement of the city, without permission of the Lords of the Treasury ; nnd their being allowed to apply their own funds to a few purposes, and these not the most useful ; circumstances such as these justify the language of contempt in speaking not only of the municipal government of my own city, '' but eveiy city or borough town in Ireland. Indeed to call it a government, is to indulge in a courtesy which borders on a sarcasm. ; The sheriffs of the ci'tv were appointed by the Lord Lieutenant. The police were under the control of the commissioner ship in Dublin. The day after I had arrived,^ the trades of the city held a public meeting to petition parliament for the Repeal of the Union. The meeting too1- place at the Town Mall. '-..There was a dense, crowd, enthusiasm wns vehement— the rhetoric more so. The speakers rose with the occasion, and fromHie loftiest clouds flung hail and lightning Hpon the listeners . Two of these soared far above the rest., Strikingly different in their ' phisique' and speech, the one impersonated the. Iron age, the othpr the age of Gold. The one was ah alderman and draper. The other was a school- master and earned his bread by dispensing the fruit of knowledge.. James Delahaunty was the alderman's name. James Nash was the schoolmaster's name. * . * ? * # # The schoolmaster was full of humour, full of poetry, full of gentleness and goodness : he was a patriot from the heart an orator by nature. Un-j cultivated, luxuriant, wild, his imagination, produced in profusion tho strangest meta phors, running riot in tropes,, allegories, analo gies, and visions. Of ancient history, the books of ancient fables, he had read much, but digested little.' He was a Shiel in the rough. Less pre tensions than Philips, he was eqmlly fruitful in imHgeiy and diction, and more conde.nsed in expression. His appearance was in keeping with the irregularity and. strangeness of his rhetoric. That he -had a blind eye, was a circumstance which, at first sight, forcibly sti ti.uk one. The other was crooked, but evidently gifted with a wonderful ubiquity of vision. It was everywhere. In a crowd, it took in every visible point; and though revolving on an eccentric axis, impartially diffused its radiance all round. He bad a comical face. Every conceivable emotion was blended there in an 'amusing enigma, the exact meaning of which it was most difficult, if not impossible, to solve. Addressing an audience his attitude excited the highest merriment, whilst his sound sentiments and capittil hits called forth tho loudest cheers, iiis usual attiro -was an old claret-coloured cut, buttonod to t!:'.1 neck. What his trou-ers consisted of, or lookyd like I nearly ?forgft; but it would be no great mistake to s-iy, ? H.-f-y Wire of iJrnb cloth, him;; very voluminously about the ancles and were deeply stained. The liat-^as comical an affair as the face — was cocked on one side of hia bead, and suggested a devil may-care defiance of the world. 1 Mr. Mayor and fellow-citizens' — It wns thus he nddressed the meeting-the morning I returned to Waterford — ' I came to attend this meeting, driving Irish tandem— that is one foot before the other.' With exuberant adjectives, he then ?vent on to compliment the distinguished people wl-o were present at the meeting. The Right Wor- ; shipful the Mayor of the city was in the chair, j The Right Rev.' Dr. Foran. the : Catholic' Bishoji, \ was on the platform. * Patriotism.' exclaimed i Nash, ' flashes from the mitre of: the one. and ? burns in the civic bi.som of the other.' Then he proceeded, in nrr amazing medley of facts,- and metaphors,.and figures of arithmetic; to enumerate the evils which legislative union -had pridured ' What tins' bei.-n'ttfe upshot 'of it all?'— heasked : — ' why ic comes to this, they haven't left us a pewter spoon to run a railroad- with through a 'plate, nf stirabout.' - The threats of coercion uttered by the government next claimed his no tice. He despised them ; repelled them' ; lintuiitily filing thenvhask. He defied the go vernment; he defied ' them to come on. 'Let them come on,' he exclaimed, 'let them come oh; Ipt tlipm draw thivstvnrd \ nnd tlion wnp to the conquered ! — every potato field shall be a Mara thon, and every boreen a ThnrmnpyliB.' Three summers alter this, I was one morning walking out the old road to Tramore — a famous witt/'ring place, most, beautifully situated, 'ix; miles from Waterford. Rearing footsteps hehind me. T turnpd round — it was Nash. I had never spoken to him ; never/ h; d an opportunity of doing so. I was resolved n'-t.tn losfi the present, and I wished him good morning. Rapidly turn ing that ubiquitous eye nf his on_me. and giving his hat an extra ierk on one. side, lie returned the salute. He did not know who I was, and I pre tended nnttn know him. Our conversation wns consequently, the mere familiar. The swssinn of.the Young Irelanders from tlie Repeal Astoria tinn had very recently occurred. We reverted at once to the event. Nash was a great O'fonnel lite. He thought him immaculate-incapable of error. Not wholly approving of the step taken by the Y^ung Irelanders, he was willing to admit thf-ra was much to provoke it. Whilst on the one hand he .wnuld have wished them to have been more ductile nnd subordinate tn.the Libera tnr — hohling the opinion that it would have been more wise and gracious of them to linye been so — he could not deny, but that in the recent policy the- Liberator had advised, and in the genpral tone and management of Conciliation flail, there was a great deal that was repulsive to the hot blood of youth and irreconcileable with thp honour of a people Nash was just to young Ireland despite the fanaticism of his devotion to O'Connell and very sensible in his remarks on all such topics, notwithstanding the richness and riotousness of bis .imagination. ., He, spoke of Tub Nation newspaper in superlatives of praise. It was the greatest paper published ! Nothing could tran scend thp sublinMty of its teachings ! The prose' left the^Dream of Plato in the background, and the noetry eclipsed the Illiad ! 'Just before I die,' said Nash my list request shall be, to have the last number of TnE, Nation, stitched about me as a shroud, so that when I appear hereafter I may have something national ahnut me.' In this manner he went on for an hour or so, until we came to the bridle road, wIipii, shaking me by the hand, he wished me good bye. ' My school is below there,' he said, ar.d I flog the h iy.« every morning all round, tn teach them to be Sp.irtans.' (To be continued.) 