IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF COJfMOHS-MâT I. . FALL OP KARS. ADJOURNED DEBATE. The debate, apon (bis question was (lion resumed by .'Sir B. LYTTON, who said-Sir, after the dismission whioh has talton place, on tho ardors of tho day, I fool it becomes ino to assure tho House, and moro especially those gontlemen to whom my motion for tho adjourn- ment of the debato from Tuesday last has occasioned in- convenience, how wholly unconscious I was at the time that tho motion would havo been opposed by tho noblo viscount. I had no porsonal wish to gratify in moving the adjournment, lt was not my intontion then, nor is it now, to address the House at any great length. I was urged to make that motion hy several gentlemen whose wish to prolong the discussion was entitled to respect. I looked to tho opposite benches ; I saw many of tho mem- bers most accustomed to adorn our debates who had not ' yet spoken, but who had boen pointedly appealed to. I looked to tho Treasury bondi ; only ono Cabinet Minister, tho Chancellor of tho Exchequer, had nddressod us, and that at an hour when tho Honso was so ompty that few indeed had been able to profit hy his elaborate defence of tho Government, or tho interesting memoir of tho Turkish loan by which that accomplished historical critio relieved the dreary chronicle of tho decline and fall of Kars. At half-past 12 o'clock I had, therefore, considered that tho adjournment lind become a matter of course, and I never was moro surprised and vexed than when I found that a socond time in my life-nnd this time, nt least, innocently-I had occasioned to the noble visoountan angry excitement, which, whother genuine or simulated, overcame for the moment his ordinary urbanity and polish. Sir, tho best amends I can mako for my unintentional offences is to condense as muoh as possible what I have to say, and deal as little as I can with familiar extracts from this book. Indeed, I would chiefly confino myself to what I hope will ho fair replies to the arguments of bon. gentlemen opposite. Sir, tho hon. and loamed gentleman tho mombor for Aylesbury, who commenced by saying that ho could mako a muoh bettor defenco for tho Government than they had made for themselves, appeared to rest much of that defenco upon an exaggerated estimate of tho charge which is brought against thom. Ho said,-" Ha thought they had com- mitted serious mistakes, but that it was unfair to assort that the fall of Kars was solely attributable to tho want cf fore* sight and energy on tho part of thoBritish Government alone. That proposition entirely passed over tho French Government, which, after all, might have had some share of responsibility for that ovent." Sir, this resolution does not exclusively ascribe tho fall of Kars to tho English Government. If so, fair is fair; and theresa, lution. would not have my vote. But tho question is whether, among other causes, the want of enorgy nnd foresight on their part did not, in great measuro, con- tributo to that disaster. (Hear, hear.) The hon. gentleman speaks of Franco. I may touch upon that point later. But hero, in the meanwhile, is a corres- pondence between an English Government and ' an English ambassador as to tho duo support to be given to an English commissioner from tho date of September 1854, to tho dato, we will say, of Juno, 1600 ; and in all thia Franco is not n consulting party. This commissioner had boen sent not only to report on tho disorganization in which our Government already know that tho Turkish army had long boen, but to uso all means at his disposal to ame- liorate its condition; and this very book is published to show that our Government failed to BOC uro to her disposal any adequate means whatsoever. That fact whethnr or not tho fault entirely rests with, tho Turkish Administration, tho Government takes tho greatest pnrt to establish from January ll, 1805, whon Lord Clarendon writos to Lord Stratford, " that little has boon »ant to Kars, with tho exception of somo ball cartridges," to tho dato of tho fall of Kars, November 21 (four days he foro tho capitulation), when Lord Clarondon writes tho lo'tor which provokes so sovero a comment from ray hon. nnd learned friond the member for Enniskillen, " that tho neglected garrison will have tho satisfaction of knowing that thoir sufferings troubled tho sloop and raposo of tho Turkish Ministers, who, in default of all ordinary measures of íeliof, novor ceased to pray for their safety and success." And now, Sir, tho question is whethor thoro wore not other Minis, tors bosnios tho Turkish whoso repose that neglected garrison might havo troubled, and whom tho default of nil ordinary mensures of roliof might hnvo inspired, not only with tho pioty of prayer, hut tho humility of ropen tanco. (Chocrs.) Tho hon. gontlomun tho member for Aylesbury referred to tho despatches of Lord Clarondon with great praiso, nnd my honourable mid learned friend tito Attornoy-Goueral, ns wall ns the hon. mombor for Leominster, sooined to think thoso dospntohes n suffi- cient proof of tho energy and foresight of the Government. Sir, in muoh of tho praiso bestowo.l on those despatches I ho.irtily concur, (dear, hoar.) I think many af them oxcolleut. I grant that if despatches nlono could hnvo saved Kars Lord Clarendon would have saved it. (A laugh.) But if ono thing should bo moro cloar than another to tho excollont understanding of thoso hon. gentleman, it is that despatches nlono wcro of no nvail whatsoever, and that tho inventivo genius of tho English Government should havo devlsod soma other muda far tho defence of Kars and tho security of Asia. (Cheers.) Lord Claren* don faithfully reports to Lord Stratford Concrul Williams'« complaints. Ho wants cavalry, gunners, artillerymen, reinforcomonts, ammunition, provisions abovo all, ho wants monoy. Lord Stratford very fully explains that for all thoso purposes tho state of tho Sultan's rovenuo is wholly inadequate, and vory lucidly shows that corruption and peculation, having boon the habit for gonorations of rm Eastern Government, ennnot bo roformud in a day, no matter how sincerely tho Porto may desire it-cannot bo refurmod in time for you to roly on that reformation for Ilia safety and defenco of Kars. Lny what blame you will on tho inherent vices of tho Turkish administration, still ona fitot comes clear from this correspondence, nnd that fact tho Chancellor of tho Exchequer lins failed to grnpplo with. It is said, ns to reinforcements in tho spring, you could not withdraw mon from tho Crimon. Grnntod. But, if mon you had not, money you lind, and a moderate sum of Kngtish monoy placed at Ganami Willinms's absoluto disposal would, in spite nf all tho abuses of Oriental lothargy and corruption, havo thrown into Kars ammunition anti pro visions stttlluient lo defy and outlast the Russian blockade. For how did Kars full ot last? Not for want of mun ; it had nt tho limo of tho capitulation a much larger proportional forco than tho hosioging army. Kvory ono knows that Kars was conquerod by lamine. (Cliaors.l Wo aro told that the Russian genarnl would have raised the siego when Omar l'rtshu entered dooran if ho hod not learnt from nn Armenian spy that thuro woro not moro than n fortnight's provisions in tho garrison. But while Miiglnnd was cheerfully taxing horsolf to tho utmost to Hnvo his dominions to tho Sultan, nota shilling ot hor money goes tn tho nit! of tho English general who is holding tba fortress on which thoso dominions nnd-nut indeed in tho opinion of tho learned mombor for Kilkenny, but of Omar l'usha-tho safety of tim Turkish capital itself moy doponil. For, Hays Colonel Simmons in n dospuleh toOenoral Simpson, July 13, " Tho Government In lorin Omar Pasha if Kars should fall thorn is un force to prevent tho Russians moralling dirootly upon Constantinople," nnd Omar Pasha credits that information. Surely, tho Chancellor af the ICxnhoqnor might hnvo boon a Ruin moro in tho confidence of tho .Secretary of State for War, and ho -would than havo told ns with that unvnriiisheil sovorlly of onndoitr with willoh ho dooH sometimos toll us very disagreeable truths (n laugh)-" I am about to raise Hovoriil millions for tho vigorous prosecution of tho war; . hy nnd hy there liny bo a Turkish loan to consider. Hut I omi toll you, for your comfort in tho meanwhile, that not one sixpence ol'your monoy will go tn Clouerai William* in defenou of tho great keys nf Asia Minor, which, indeed," says tho Cliiimiollor of thu Kxuhequor, with nn easy etiulldeiiae I should not hnvn oxpuuted from sn gravo nu intellect (a laugh), "If lost, tho oastost military operation would ho nil that was needed to recapture." Hut, If there woro snmo valid reasons whluh tho Ch mueller of the Exchequer has wholly fnilod to tdiow why you could not place English money directly nt tho disposal nf ymir English aaminlsstoner und ganami, whnt is tho strange renison net up hy thu right lum. gentlemiiu against application tu Parliament fur a grant expressly for tho roliof ol' Kurs? Why, that thu uuiunnt would have hoon onntomptlblo. Apply t.» I'arlliimunt fur X'10(1,11(1(1 or X'aoo.Ouu I A Olliuinollnr nf tho KxcliiHiurr could not so degrade his iltiiinninl (tinnily, (Uhodi'H.) Thoro wns something I'ospuctahln In thu lavish subsidies wu grnntod in the Fronuli war, hut X'1(10,0(11) is contemptible. Slr, the nnswur ls obvious. Ills nut Hm sum given, it is thc usu tu which lt ls tn ha applied Hint lt lieeoinus a Hiatus muli lo consider. And ll' br. Hnndwlth is right in saying llmt lind (lenorul Williams lind absoluto control (er (ol " want of control" wo must «ny plainly " fundh") In the Hpnulal question nf tim aniiimissuiinl, Kurs would have banu saved,-- the simple question ls, what sum would havo sullleod for Hutt purpose P " Hut," mild Ihr Oliunuelliir of thu Kxnlioqtinr, 11 We must have lind ihr Hinno Hotiiiritltm for Hint grunt us fur Hie larger loan, anil hoon mihjoot to Hm sallie doliiys," No; ll'you had heel IVtietl (Vam the Joint giianuitoo af Frauen, and tu onriiORi fur thu roiU'l'ol'Kars, thu country would IIIIVO forgive! you if rou* had made tbe grant as an advance upon any loan afterwards required, and all tedious securities for the moment might have been dispensed with or deferred. But if you would neither give tho money direct to General ¡Williams nor apply for a spooiul grant for the pro. visioning and relief of Kars, why, when you learnt, in 1851, that tho Turkish revenues were so inadequate, could you not havo como to tho House with that or some similar proposition in the spring, nnd not deferred it to oreep through the Legislature in August, when its application could lia no longer of tho slightest assistance, to that garrison ? (Cheers.) Sir, tho Attorney-Genoral said, in his terse and argumen- tative speech, that a reproach on that score could not well coma from thoso who had opposed the Turkish loan in July. Sir, I was not in tho House at tho time of that | debate. 1 had paired off for tho rest of tho session. If ! I had been present I should have voted for tho loan ; but tho objections raisod wera not against the priuaiplo here at stake-tho relief of Kars--but tho joint guarantee with Franco (hear) ; and I nppeal at once to tho candour of tho noble viscount, and I ask him whether, if, in the spring, tho Government had como to this House and said frankly, upon tho information they possessed, but of which this House was wholly ignorant, that without such pecuniary aid to Turkey Kars might be lost, nnd with that loss the honour of the British name bo tarnished and Constantinople loft defenceless-I ask him, I say, whether the oonduct of the gentlemen on this side of the House in tho prosecution of tho war, nay, even the con duet of the warmest advocates for peace, has been such as to lead him to suppoB* that any mero financial objec- tions, though they might hare been temperately stated, would ever have been urged by us to a hostile division. (Cheers.) But on tho 3rd of August, when Lord Pan muro is urging tho adoption of tho Turkish loan on tho House of Lords, and Lord Ellenborough is pointedly calling your attention to tho distressed state of Kars, and the neglect of tho wnr in Asin, well may my learned friend the member for Enniskillen remind you of Lord Panmure's reply, " that Turkey in that quarter is well ; able to maintain hersolf." And Lord Panmure says that in tho teeth of theso despatches, published to show how utterly holploss in that quartor Turkey alone then was -in the teeth of Lord Clarendon's letter to Lord Cowley on tho very fame day, tho 3rd of August, in which Lord Clarondon says, "It is clear, without assistance, tho whole Turkish fjreo in Asia must be destroyed or captured" -and when it was Lord Panmure, who, in tho previous month, the 10th of July, had rejected tho proposals of Turkey to defond herself, and without having preconcerted any means of his own by which Asia might bo saved. And tho hon. gentloman tho member for Aylesbury, who rarely speaks without some-doubtless just but-complimentary ollusion to his own poouHnr ¡frankness and honesty, which, indeed, I never boforo questioned, which I will not question now, eulogized that assertion because it is untrue, and thinks a British Minister .justified in doceiving Parliament and thc country in order to impose upon tho Russian general n hollow brag, willoh, in the inonih of August, when that genoral was blockading Kars could not have deceived him for a moment. (Cheors.) Nay, the hon. gentleman < thinks that Lord Panmure did not go far enough. "If I," said ho, had "boen in Lord Panmure's situation, and was asked in August what was tho state of the army in Asia, I should have certainly said it was immensely strong, and supplied with provisions, arms, everything, for 10 months." Sir, the hon. gentloman has compared himself, with Homerio simplicity, to a dog upon a racecourso, shouted at by both parties and sometimos whistled to within tho ropes, Thoro is a familiar saying applicable to thoso faithful animals, "Brag is a good dog, but Holdfast is a bettor." (Cheers.) On this sido the course wo would always whistle to Holdfast; we must leave it to tho other side of tho courso to find moro enticing allurements for Brag. (Cheers and laughter.) Well, let mi now touoh upon a point which, 'though it did not affect tho fall of Kars, still shows that spirit and predisposition on tho part of Lord Panmuro to whioh I think tho fall of Kars may bo in n great measure asoribed. No sooner does our commissioner nrrivo in Anatolia than ho tells you thnt from 10,000 to 12,000 men had perished in tho hospitals in the previous winter, and asks for a few English surgeons. Tho Duke of Newcastle, on whoso humanity, at least, thero «over rested a stain, promptly replies to that appeal on tho 0th of November, and directs inquiry whether the Turkish Government will consont to pince tho hospitals at Kars nnd Erzorouin under tho superintendence, of throe or four English or French army surgeons. But when, that complaint not hoing redressed, Lord Clarendon, with humanity equal to tho Duke of Newcastle's, ondosos, through Lord Wodehouse to Mr. Pool, April 10,1855, a despatch from Oonoral Willinms and n medical roport from Dr. Sandwith to Lord Panmure, and begs to suggest to his lordship whother it would not bo expedient to send out somo surgeons to tho Turkish army, what is Lord Panmure's roply, through Colonel . Mundy, April 21-nu ominous data, almost simultaneous with Lord Panmure's frigid des- patch of April 12, in which ho had mot tho request for reinforcements by a languid recommendation to tho Porte " to pay attention to theso requirements whenever tho moro prossing need of tho Ottoman troops olsowhoro shall havo ceased?" That was his reply about troops. AVhnt his reply about surgeons? That, "in supplying tho army under Omir Pasha nnd tho Turkish Contingent with a Medical Stall', ho does not seo much prospect of being enabled to send medical aid to tho Íirovince of Anatolia." True, ho graciously adds, " that te will endeavour to da so ton limitad extent, as soon ns ho has provided for tho other two services." Yes, ns soon ns Russian generáis snvo him tho trouble, and Russian surgoons nra dressing tho wounds of tho mon to whom Russian magnanimity is kinder than English carol Talk of forosightl When you Bond General Williams to ame liornta tho condition of tho Turkish army, tho necessity of European medical aid was tho first requisito to fore no,;. Talk of unorgy, when that mouical md was impera- tively required, and again urgontly pressed. Why, an advertisement in Tht Tlmct offering good remuneration to young surgeons would hnvo brought you applications hy tho hundred.. At that vory timo, ns n mombor of Par- liament, I wns besot with requests from young modioal students to ohtnin thom employment in tho Crimea. You say that tho Turkish Government is nlono to hlnmo for not nttonding to tho requests of your commissioner, mid hore, whou your commissioner sends a request direct to you backed by tho Foreign Minister to tho Seeretiry for War, for what is entirely under his own control, tho laziest Pasha in all Asia could not havo treated that request with moro supremo indifference (Cheers.) And while you nra laying tho whole hlnmo on tho aovornment of tho Porte, do not forget that that Turkish Administration, with nil its Oriontnl languor and institu- tional defects, had achieved vnst things without tho mighty nid you sent to its defenco in Asia. When it stood nlono, before you carno to danounco its deficiencies without supplying thom hy ndequnto resources of your own-when no jaalausios of tba foreign Christian obstructed its notion and divided its responsibilities, it had copod gallantly with tho might of Busala. What is your nhl, and whnt its result? " Oh," snystho Attorney Goneral, " wo took ÜÜ.000 Turkish soldiers into English pay." Yes, nnd whon thoso soldiers nro wanted for tho dofonco of Kars thoy cannot lutdgo a Rtep. In tho spring Gonornl Williams writes that if ho ls to havo no aid from tho lillies ho shall raqulro in all 20,000 Turkish soldiers for reinforcement. Yon hnvo taken Ihoso 20,000 Turkish soldlors to Yourself-thnt is tho reason why they cannot bu sont to Kars. This is your aid, nnd this is Its result. And now thora is nn nssortion tundo hy the Chancellor of tho FAohoquor which oompols mo to enforce on you tho practical mischief that was olfectod hy Uio doubtful position and equivocal authority assigned to Goneral Willinms-nominally n commissioner, in reality a gonornl ; nominally under tho order* of tho Turkish communier instructed by your ambassador to dofor to tho udvico of Oonoral Williams. Woll may Omar Pasha plnco in that luminous memorandum, pilga 272, of this book, among tho foremost onuses of tho misfortunes that had bouillon tho army in Asln Hint its gonornl was not invested with full powers. " Hut," says tho Chancellor of tho Hxoho.ptor-and tho Altornoy-Oonoral has said lt boforo him-"tho Government cannot ho blamed hoeaitso they did not furnish fl on ural Williams with un authority that could only enirtuatn fruin lim Perte." Certainly not; hut you aro to blame if yen left his position doubt, fut in tho eyas of English otlloluls. (Hear.) I don't oiouso Lord Stratford for neglect in correspondance I don't accept tho dul'uiioo sot up for him ¡ but ouottgli hts hoon Raid nu that score hy othors, nnd it is nnt the gonornl practica of Hits House nor tho trna principle nf tho constitution to houp nil this Illunie on tho aiment diplo- matist-not hero to defend himself-when wo havo boforo us Ilia Government who, constantly grumbling nt his HI sn icess, still maintain him In lil» post. Nor will I even blinni) thom for doing so, All I Hay ls, that thoso who houp nil tho bininu on tho agent di not uudurstniid thc HnglUh constitution if they ticipilt tho employer, Hut 1 lullst nguiu remind you, slueu it has not been answered Hint, when Lord Stratford, stung hy tho complaints o Clouerai Williams, writes to you un Febuary III, lHftft t " lt ls doslrulilo Huit I should lie tunda noqunlnted will tho extent nf (lulioriil Williams'* pownrs on the spot with tho degrao tn which hu ls Independent nf Hu ooiiiiimiider-lu-ohlof, how fur lt ts thought expedient In her Majesty's Government that I shall insist ou ohed! euee tn his demand* without référença to any doubl! entertained of their expediency eltlior by thu L'urlo ur In. mo-" To IIIORO questions, willah guvo you sn good au oeoaslot to sti'iiiigthou Honorai Williams hy itollnliM mid onfiiruliii tho iiitlliorlty of olin who hud proveí, sn worthy nf hi charge, no answer whatever appears in this book. The 1 [ Attorney-General says, that after your rebuke there was no lack of correspondence on the p»rt of Lord Stratford : that is not the case ; BO little ia he affected by the rebuke that, 6o late as May 1,1655, General William» writes to Lord Stratford-" Several weeks ago I addressed your lordship on the necessity of my buving authority direct from Constantinople to take an active part and have a decisive voice in tho purchase of provisions for this army, hut, although Lord Panmure has expressed his decided sentiments on this vital point, I have not received a lino in allusion to it from your Excellency." Those ap- plications are on tho subject of provisions;-they receive no answer, and it is for want of provisions that Knrs falls in November. (Cheers.) You may Bay that the energy of Oeneral Williams surmounted the neglect of the ambassador, and that by his individual exertions ho gets provisions enough into Ears to last for four months ; but yoii are informed by his despatches that unless relief ho sont before then-tho perspective of Kars must end in the vanishing point of starvation. And this brings us to tho camp at the Crimea, and shows that it was your omission more stringently to enforce the autho- rity of General Williams which appears to have boen yet more injurious to his weight in tho camp of the Crimea than in tho Ottoman Porte- that it proved fatal to the rescue of Kars at tho very moment when tho fate of that garrison was the most imminent; for when, on July lö, Omar Pasha addresses the allied generals and admirals for tho adoption of his plan of relieving Kars by an army of diversion, his noto is written in consequence of infor- mation contained in a despatch from General Williams to Lord Ruglan, dated Kars, June 23, and the allied generals refuse to give any opinion, on the ground that they " have no information from their respective ambas- sadors nt tho Forte to lead them to suppose that the affairs of Asia aro in tho precarious state in which Omar Pasha, from the information he had received from his Government, believed thom to he." Yot Omar Pasha founds his representations on tho despatch ol your own commissioner to your own general- in-chief ; and so little weight have you given, in your head-quarters in the Crimea, to the hero who is defending Asia, that even an opinion is delayed upon the alleged absence of that in- formation which your ambassador had not given-which your commissioner hod given ; and the only man who attended to it is the general of tho Porte, which you accuse of indifference to tho fate of Asia and disrespect to tho representations of your commissioner 1 (Cheers.) And it is you who sneer nt the apathy and sloth of the Government of the Porte 1 Why, when at Inst, in tho month of Juno, it is olear that there must bo some plan to sucoour and reinforce the garrison of Kars, does that plan first proceed from your energy and foresight? Do yousend to thislazy Divan from your European councils of war a profound premeditated soliente, with all its prepa- rations complete? No; it is from the Porte and its generals that the first scheme emanates, and it Ands you prepared with nothing but objections. " (Cheers.) Just as you let the war drift tn the Crimea, so you had lot it dribble into Armenia. Umvarnod by tho past calamities, exactly ou the samo principio which allowod you to land in the Crimea without tents, without knapsacks, without wintor provisions, without an army of reserve, you throw General Williams into Kars-you leovo him to tho morey of tho corrupt system the vicos of which you know be forehand-you provide no .requisite by which tho faults of that system are to bo counteracted; and when an army is to be sent to his aid, yon aro not even furnished with a strategy or tho conception of ono. For if you would rofor to your first plan by Trebizoude, which you hastily proposed, it is clear that that plan was never pre- meditated, since you were not aware of any of the objec- tions which would be mada against it. Why was Gene- ral Williams at Kars ? To defend it from tho Russians. Early in tho spring of 1855 preparations for a Russian army had commenced at Gumri. Did it ask the vision of a prophet to know that that army would besiege Kars, -that, if bosioged, an army of relief or divorsion would bo required ? Did you onco think beforehand what you would do in such a contingency ? Had you ono scheme for the raising, for tho transport, for tho movement of such an army? Did you mean to leave it entirely to the Porto to ell'ect all those operations ? If so, you had no right to -obstruât tho operations which tho Porto advised. Thero seems to mo no excuso for the want of some premeditated scheme of your own. You had Omar Pasha in your own camp. Ho was surely ns sincero as you for tho defence of Asia. You might have communicated with him from tho first in tho spring of 1H55 ; discussed beforohaud and settlod all the objections which pnralyzed you nt the last; arranged soino plan for a relio* ing nrmy-whether under him, if ho could ba relieved from Sebastopol, or soma other general if ho could not-some plan to ba adopted if Sebastopol was taken, another if it was not ; and when you allego as an excuse for procrastination in July and August tho necessity of consulting France nnd obtaining her consent, that is no excuse if in tho month of April or May you could have consulted with France on somo contingent scheme for a relieving army to bo modified according to varying circumstances, but equally to be acted upon whonover tho tima arrived, and so prevented all that scramble and bewilderment of cross purposes which close this melancholy record with ono medley of hofioless confusion and inovilablo disaster. (Cheors.) But no, when the Russians nro beforo Kars you seem as much astounded as if they had dropped from tho moon. Reinforcements, relloving armios, aro then really neces- sary ; whero are they to como from, whero aro they to go ? Shall they proceed to Trobizondo? Shall they go by Itedout-lvaleli? Shnll General Vivian take his contingent? how shall Omar Pasha maka up the forco drawn from tho Crimea ? I do not protend to say what plan you ought to havo adopted, that is not my province I have my ideas lika others, but it is not for me, in an assembly which boasts of British oillcers so distinguished-of one so pro-oniinent, whom 1 now soo before mo fGoaoral Evuns)-to point out or criticiso n strntogy. All 'I say is, that some strategy or another should havo been devised in time, nnd its necessity not burst upon you by surprise (hear, hear), ilrst communicated to yon by n perplexed ambassador, to whom you had never given a hmt beforo what plan you would prefer, nnd finding you without an original conception of your own. A great military authority has said that " A good genoral muy ho beaten, but cnn novor bn surprised." Surely tho same thing should bc said of a Minister far War. Ho should have a choteo of plans ready for any probable omorgoncy hut ono ortho other adopted by previous concert with his genorals and allies for prompt action the moment prompt notion ls suddenly called for. (Cheers.) Then wo come to tho natural consequences of this preliminary offoto nnd impotent correspondence-that induscribablo mixturo of hurry nnd torpor fhoar, honr), of contradictory orders to and fro, which, in tho month of July, preparas us for tho catastrophe of November. Dr. ; jami wi th tells us that th« 'meaning of Bashi-Ilazouks in English is "spoiled heads." In tho month of July wo had plainly plenty of Uashi-lhizonks in our councils of war. (Cheers and laughter.) And if over that respectable forco should want for their war department a spoiled head in p3rfec linn, I think wo could furnish them with somo very eligible candidates. (Renewed laughter.) But now, in that mouth of July, out of that cloud of despatches otuorges tho awful form of our Minister for War. All is breathless with expectation. Can Kars bo saved ? It is tho fifth act of tUo tragedy, nnd our Dem ex maehtiiA tlosuonds. (Hoar, hoar.) Only Ibero is this dlll'eronco botweon him and tho Dem ex mnchiná of tho nucient stage; whon tho god, thora, descended from his cloud it was to solve thu difficulties and complete tho notion; whon our Deus ex mac Iii mi dosaends, lt is ta increase the pjrploxitlos und obstruct tho plot, (Cheers and n laugh.) Tho moment to stir has arrived-tho only question is, how to stir and whom to stir?-nnd Lord Panmura takes that brilliant occasion to deliver his oracular ossay upon tho virttto of caution. " Do not risk," lia exclaims, " the houuitr ofilia British nanto and your own reputation hy undortiklng military operations for whlah propor bases have nut hoon laid, commit, nluatlons oponed, transports provided, nnd supplies arrangod," Why, good hoavons, slr, certainly not. But If all thoso things wera wanting to save Kars, soetiro tho frontier of Asia, mid thu road to tho Turkish capital, in July, 185-1, after all tho warnings thoso previous dos. patches contained, why, on earth, linvowe hint a Minister lor Wnr? ("Hear, honr,) If you aro so careful of tho honour of tho llritish unino, why commit that naino to the dofenco «1 Kars, lu September, 1851, and, in July, IHM, not ba prepared with tiny means to prosorvoit? Ker don't let tho Chancellor of tho Mxehoqilor flutter himself that English honour was In no way concerned lu thu fill nf KUM. Tho eyes of England and ot" Europo had already turnad to the grand imago of that English soldier who was thora, with his throu or four dauntless countrymen, embodying und supporting tho ronown nf his whola nullan. (Choors.) General Williams and Kars could no longer hu divided. That Englishman was Kurs nnd Kars was that Englishman-and beth together, if suvod by your onorgy nnd foresight, would havo closed this wat' willi a glory, not only to English vnlour, but your lCiigHsh Councils, willoh would havo covered nil your potty blots at Sebastopol. (Hear, hoar,) " Organi- zation," say« Lord Panmure, " ls us nflcossnry to nny army ns oiidurnncn mid valour." Nothing was' over better »nhl. General Williams lind tho ondnrnnoo mid lliu valour for the dofenco of Kars, what has Lord Panmure to say as to tho organization fur its relief? (Hear, hour,) lu Dr. Sanilwlth's grupliio account of thc HttBHian army beforo Kars-tho soldiers lu wnrm hilts, with fireplaces, tho oillcers with glazed' windows, tim itiiinlrahlo well-being of tho enemy wu have boon tnughl to look down Upon as comparativo linrhnrlnns-win could help contrasting those Biruk, carefully provided for thriving suldlers with tho furnished spectres whom nm Clovcrnincnt, willi nil tho wenlth of England nt Hull disposal, and dropping ao lavishly elsewhere from theil spendthrift fingers, had left for IS months to straggle and to starve (cheers)-to whoso wounds our Secretary for War could give slight hope of medical aid-for whose sucaoiir he could devise no plan of relief, until he says, " It is too late even for regret," until tho Russian general, honour to his name, is shedding tears of generous sympathy for bis ill-used and deserted foo, until tho population of Kars ara crowding round to kiss tho departing stirrup of the man who had im- plored you not to forgot him, and " tho remnant of his army ;" until General Williams says " I am a prisoner," and ought to havo added, " and ¿ord l'anrauro is thc British Minister for War." (Cheers.) But it is said that the adair ii over-the evil irroraediablo. Tho affair is not over. Discredit and its consequences remain. (Cheers.) Tho Chancellor of the Exohcquor says that tho fate of Kars did not influence the articles of peace. Possibly. But will you dony that if ever again, which Heaven forbid, weare nt war with Russia for tho defenco of Turkey, that war will como from the Asiatic frontier, in which the fall of Kars has permitted Russia to retain tho menace of her forts and garrisons? (Hear, hear.) But aro wo to hold the doctrine that because tho offence is past tho offendor is to go free ? That is not tho lino of argument our Government adopts towards tho Porto. Their correspondence closes with vehement demands that tho Porte should dismiss Selim Pasha from his office, nnd Selim Pasha is dismissed. Why ? Tho Porto might say, " Kars has already fallen; tho affair is over; the evil irremediable !" What is tho fault of Selim Pasha? Procrastination. But if procrastination is tobo punished by loss of office, have wo no pashas of our own whoso dismissal tho Porte in tum might vehemently demand7 (Loud cheers.) Tho Attorney-General asks, " Make your charges distinct," turns to tho despatches, and says triumphantly, " What more could wo do ?" Ono gentleman says all the fault lies with Turkey, another with our ambassador; a third hints at tho Generals and Government of France. Faults in all those quarters no doubt there may bo. But still, when General Williams applies to you for what it is in your power to give, nothing is done. He asks, or implies that ho asks, three things-first, rooney; second, medical aid; third, that you will enforce and extend his authority as much as you oan. You don't send tho money. You don't send tho medical aid. You declino to extend Iiis authority with your own ambassador when tho ambassador invites you to-do it, and you sa little enforce that authority in tho Crimea that your generals refuse to'credit tho infor- mation ho sends. A fourth thing ho asks is assistance from tho allies in caso Kars should bo invested. Here, I grant, France may be an obstacle and delny, but you have failed to show that you consulted Franco long , beforehand, that you asked simply, "Suppose a force, whether European or Turkish, should be required for the relief of Kars, what shall wo do 1 don't let us be left entirely to tho chapter of accidents at the close." (Hear, hear.) Therefore, when it is asked what more could we havo done, I rather ask what less could you do? fCheer*.) Don't turn to the despatches for an answer. I grant that you could not writa bettor. I don't seo how you could well act worse. (Cheers.) Just as I think this resolution is, there may he a majority against it. But I think I road tho English hearts of some of those by whom tho majority moy b> composed. Many, no doubt, will vote with you from tho conviction that thcro is no caso against you ; but many will also vote with you from the loyal affection of party ; many from the reasons so touchingly urged by tho Attorney-Genoral, that, having closed the war with a peaoo which has ex- cited so popular on enthusiasm, you have been enabled to invite both Houses of Parliament to a naval exhibi- tion, in which your administrative energy and foresight have left so grateful a recollection on tho minds of .your applauding guests (laughter) ; many from a porsonal admiration for tho noblo viscount, in which admiration I, too, humbly claim to havo a shara; many to keep in the Government, and keep out tho Opposition. But I do not think a majority will be tantamount to n verdict of acquittal, f Cheers.) Ask, in a whisper, any friend who goos ont with you into that lobby-"Don't you think, as a Government, wo showed great foresight, great enorgy in tho defence and reliof of Kars?" I think the chancas aro, your friend moy roply in tho samo cautious whisper-" If tlut bo your energy mid foresight, for Heaven's sake in futuro try to imitnto Lord Chatham's improvidence and sloth." (A laugh.) I, too, would fain separata individuals from tho Government. I cnn do justice to tho gallaut nature of the noblo viscount. I can give credit to Lord Clarendon's evidently doop but helpless sympathy for his glorious correspondent. His approving letters must havo boon gleams of sunshine to that grent soldier in his hour of trial and desolation. But, thanks to other agencios in tho war councils of the Government, if those lettors como to cheer and to en courage, they como ulso to sadden and to doom- they como to tho defender of Kurs as tho falsa apparitions carno to Macbeth, como " To (flail hts oyos und grlero hts heart, Como, Uko aUrulun-9, aa ilojiart.'" Other causes conspirod to tho fall of Kars. Give to the Government the full credit of.them. But toll mo, in turn, do you not honestly think among tho main causes is tho want of neal and comprehension, of energy and foresight, on tho part of your Minister for War? (lloar.) Sir, in all Cabinets there must bo a division of labour ; but since ia nono there can be n division of responsibility, whatever my respect for individuals, I think tlie olmrgo against you ns a Government has not been rebutted. In almost ovory lotter from General Williams ho wants you of ovlls nnd dangers; in almost evory lotter from Lord Stratford ho proves to you that against those ovils and dangers no ralianco is to bo placad upon tho Ottoman resources alano. On those rosourcos do you continue to roly. Not a step do you take, not n conception do you originate, not a strategy preparo, until you aro overwhelmed hy tho logical consequences of your own improvidoneu nnd neglect ; and tho stain of tho fall of Kars will cling to your memory as n Government ns long ns history can turn to this book for the record of a fortitude which, in spito of your negligence and languor, still leavos us proud of tho English nat no. (Cheers.) Mr. V. Sxrru said tint, in prosenling himself to address tho llouso itnmedintely after tho hon. baronet, ho did so without thc slightest hopo of being nblo to imitate tho eloquence nnd Dights of fancy with which the hon. baronet adorned his orations, but ha was itiducod to rise in conseqttcnao of tho hon. baronet having said though not with justice-that no gontlemau on the Ministerial bench, except one, had yet addressed tho House on this important subjeot. Tho hon. baronet had observed that when on a previous ovoning ho mored tho adjournment of tho debate ha had anticipated no opposition to his motion, and ile rathol' complained of wnnt of courtosy on tho part of tho noblo lord ot tho hoad of tho Government. That was entirely n misapprehension ; nnd, indee!, any want of courtosy would bo quito unwarrantable towards tiio lmi. baronet, who in his spcochos exhibited so littlu of animosity or bitterness to tiny person. But tho fool was that thara appeared at tho timo a listlessness and languor nb-mt the debate, nn unwillingness on tho part of tho House te prolong it, nnd a disposition on tho port of hon, gentlemen opposito to evade a decision on tho question. Ho was not one *f those who protonded lo say tint this question should not ho discussed in Parlia- ment. On thu contrary, it was his opinion that anything that was termed n disaster or misconduct in warfare should ba dismissed; but. tho speech of tho hon. and learned gentlutnnn who opened tba dobnto lind lu it none of the nene rous eulogy which tho hon. baronot hud bestowed upon Lord Clarendon, for it consisted of nssnults and vituperations on individuals from beginning to omi. He did not deny the brilliancy of tho hon. nuil learned gontlamnn's speech; but lt widely di ile rod in tona from tho ono tho Hausa had just heard, and, in lils opinion, was most inferior. Tho hon ami learned member for Enniskillen fell into tho error, which tho succeeding speakers eu that sida of thu question had not avoided, nf diluting upon tba tapio of Asiatic policy. That, however, was not tho qiiostlon bofore tho House. Tho question was not whethur it would havo boen maro wise to pursue tho war in Asia or lu thu C ri in on ; hut whether, it having been determined to pursito tho war in tho Crimea, Ibero was, nevertheless, Mifllctout foroo to spare to Bavo tho citadel nf Kars. With rogiml to Aslntlu policy, tho hon. baronet lind spoken of tho possible cll'eots of tho recant campaign In tho avont of a futuro Invasion of Asia hy Russia, This was not tho (lrst timo Hint they lind heard of this ailinn, and how Uussia might, through her agents In Persia, became possossodof Herat, lind that Hint would bo nnother stop towards our Indian empire. Having oonslderud this mutter with consider- able Intetost and lu conjunction with thoso well nblo to flinn n Judgment un it, ho must any that ho did not helluvo that any apprehension ni tho sort need ho on tor tallied, though he admitted that lt was duslrnblo that all transactions in that pint of tho world should im wataliod with vigilance. Ile did not bel levo Unit Kunnin, whoso dufluienoy lind ul ways boon in hui' caininlssiiriat. would ho nblu, In our timo nt least, to drive lier troups through that liumuiiso nnd almost impns. saldo territory willah lay botwoou hur frontier and mir Indian empire, Tho hon. member's iirgumonr. howovor, lind boan advanuud with grunt rhetorical tut, booausa lt fallowed from it, ns i» natural deduction, Hint tho do. ronco of Kurs ought to have booti tho main object of tho campaign, lie lind no doslro ta Hponk sllghly of tho cilium ity nt Kars, ho greatly regretted lt j butha contended they did everything in their puwor tn savo the town, mid ff they had net Hiiocooded lt was beeausa nil their menus had been devoted tn tho inure important object of uupUirliig Sebastopol. Thu defenco of tho Government rested on a comparison of the importance of tho two objects, and, as they could not effect both, they bad wisely turned their attention to that which was tho moro important. The hon, baronet was mistaken in thinking that any ono on thnt side of tho house had advanced tho argument that, because the affair was over, therefore it ought to bo consigned to oblivion, He denied, too, that tho capture of Kars was a great military triumph for tho Russians, Tho town fell by famino, and not by assault; and tho same newsman who oarriod tho tidings of its fall through Asia, would also carrj^tho news of the dosperato fight of tho 20th of September, in which the Russians were repulsed with so much bloodshed. Tho military famo of General Williams would be known in tho samo way, it would bo known that he was a British ofücor, and that it was by moans of his efforts that the garrison had hold ont so long. Ho regretted that the hon. and learnod member fer Enniskillen should have spoken in so contemptuous a tone of tho doctor who had boen nttaohed to General Williams. Every one who had road Dr. Sandwith's boole must know that ho was a man of great nbility, knowledge, and modesty (hear, hear); and tho services which he had rendered nt Kars in orga- nizing and superintending the hospitals were of great value, and showed tho wisdom of having sent him with the commissioner. (Hear.) Ho could not help think- ing tbat tho hon. and learnod gentleman, on reflection, must feel ashamed of tho manner in which ho had spoken of this gentleman. Ho agreed with the hon. baronet, that nothing could bo moro unconstitutional and dis. honourable than for tho Government to attempt to shift nil blame from themselves by throwing it on Lord Stratford. (Hear, hear.; Tito case of Lord . Stratford turned on his non-reply to General Williams's letters. There wns no oxcuso for that, but tho question as regarded tho Government was, whether tho Government would have bean justified in recalling Lord Stratford simply because he had not answered General Williams's loiters. Not ouly was ho a diplomatist of great ability and experience, but ho was tho very best for that post. Everybody declared that ho was tho " right man in tho right place," and no other man could have been found at the time who had his inilueneo with tho Turkish Government, or who could havo discharged tho duties of that mission with such success. In tho interest of the country and of tho oom mon causo it would havo required a much graver offence to justify his recall at that moment. (Hear.) The Government wero taxed with want of foresight and of energy. With regard to the first it wns scarcely worth while to go through all tho abjections which had been raked togetbor from tho bluo-book, tracing what had been done day by day, nnd contrasting it with what would have boon dono had somobody else boon in Lord . Clarendon's place. Tho House had probably hod enough of tho blue-book. So far as foresight was ooncorned ho had too strong a remembrance of the many long and anxious consultations which had boon held with respect to the state of affairs at Kars to allow that tho Government had displayed any want of foresight. The hon. and learned gentleman hiiusolf acknow- ledged that from timo to timo things wero dono which showed that tho Government wero awaro of what was going forward nt Kars. It was hard to tell what the hon. and learned mombor meant by want of energy, or what ho would havo dono which was not dono. Tho Houso must remember tho position in which tho Government were placed. Tho hon. baronet asked why tho French were not consulted on tho subject ; but from his knowledge of French society he ought to be awaro that tho chief objection to the promotion of tho war among tho French aroso from a belief that it was a war of ours, undertaken to save our Indian dominions. Everybody knew that thnt was constantly asserted ; and with what fuco, there fore, could wo havo proposed to our allies to withdraw a portion of their troops from before Sebastopol, in order to send them to tho rolief of Kars ? Such a proposition would havo been at once rejected. At what time, too, could the diversion hnvo been made. Up to tho timo of tho fall of Sobns. topol, all our oncrgies and all our means wero concen- trated on that sioge, and any Minister would have deserved impeachment who had ' counselled tho abstraction of a single man from beforo Sebastopol to bo sent to Kars, which was not then known to be in such straits. After tho fall of Sebastopol tito roads wera so difficult or passage tint tho operation was nlmost im possible. Tho right hon. baronet- tho member for Droitwich (Sir J. Pakington) said that ho could not seo why tho plan of n diversion proposed by tho Turks was rejected. Tho reason was obvious. If troops were disembarked nt Trobizondo they wero at least in a po'-i lion to defend Erzeroum, a placo of much greater importanco to Kars ; whereas, a diversion ÍH tho dircc lion of Kutnis and Tillis could, if it failed in its principal object, etrcct no secondary ono, and became, ns was after- wards tho caso with tho advance of Omnr Pasha, entirely ttsoloss. Tho hon. and learned gentleman tho member fur Enniskillen had complained of these papers being presented " in extract." Such a presentation of them was entirely in accordance with tho practico of oil dennrt. mcnts, and was a courso which in nil cases expedient was in this more than usually nocessory. From tho papors which had been printod it was evident that in moments of despair tho English ofllcors wrote with much irrilntion nnd anything but respectfully, concerning tho Turkish Government ; nnd it was most desirable that anything of that sort should bo eliminated from tho despatches. If any military mon como forward and, looking at our resources and nt what wo had to accomplish, said that tho Govornmcnt had not used means', or had failed to carry into offect schemes which they ought to havo ndoptod and carried out, ho (Mr. V. Smith) would ndmit that there would ho a fault in their defence, and that thcro would ho some forco in the attack upon tho Ministry. Rut no such thing had occurred. On tho contrary, tho whole case was remarkably well summed up in tho following pas. sage from a despatch of Genornl Mansfield. That gallant olUcer, whoso ability had been proved by every- thing tint hu had dono in connection with this cam- paign, said " If I may bo allowod to offer nn opinion on the real cause of tho disastrous issiia of tho Turco-Asiatic cam- paign, I should say thnt it must ba found in tho naturo of tho alliance, which nbsnrbed all tho really available means of action, whether French, Ilrltlsh, or Turkish, in tho invasion of tho Russian soil, to tho exclusion of attention to tho hostile operation on Turkish territory. Tho contest pursued in tho furmor required every prac- ticable means to iusttro success-perhaps, may bo said, oven military snfoty. Tho garrison of Kars performed a groat duty in arresting tho march of tho Russian columns till tho resources of tho allies could bo turned to Asia, either in consequence of n development they had not alroady reached, or of liberation from tho Crimea. Some months sinco I ventured to predict, in private conversa- tion, that wo should havo to bo satisfied with such an issuo of tho operations of tho last year ; nnd thal, assuming the aillos to be propared to take nd van tugo of what lias boon thus achieved by tho devoted garrison, wo should havo no reason to ba disappointed when viewing tho two theatres of war as ono comprehensivo whole. I dava no reason to depart from tho opinion thon oxprasîod." That hu believed would bo tho vlow which tho pcoplo of England would toko of tho campaign. Looking nt tho operations in tho Crimen nnd in Asia ns n whole, they would feel thnt thoro wns no reason for dissatisfaction ut tho position in which wo now stood. As ta tho politi- cal affect of tho loss af Kars-its intluonco upon tho terms of peace-ho dollied that the Russians lind rc* coived any concession ns an cquivnlont for its restora- tion. No doubt ovary suoooss in war becaino a support to tho cause of thnso who lind nttnlncd it ; but his roply to those who said that but for tho fall of Kars wo should hnvo obtained n moro satisfactory penco, wns that but for the captura of Sebastopol wo should havo had no penco nt all. Who, then, could doubt that in preferring Sebastopol to Kurs tho Government acted wisely and advantageously ? Ho was perfeotly satisfied that tho discussion af this question was valuable¡ but it ought not to havn boon mnilo tho ground of nn attempt to dis- place tho Govornmont. It was not fair to singlo out fur eommont ona not of a great entcrprisa willoh ought lo havo been I rea ted as a whole. In that statomont ho was supportod by tho notlco of rotrnctatlon willoh had buen given by tho Earl of Malmesbury in another phire. Hy tho adaption of this courso that noblo lord had shown that ho had at last como to tho conviction that it was mora hnnournbluto trent thoqiiostion ns o whola than in dotuil. Hu believed that suah would ho tho fooling of tho people of England, who hod boon sincerely sorry for tho fall of Kurs (Opposition ohoors), hut hod heartily congratulate themselves nnd complimented his noble friend (Lord Palmerston) on tho full of Sebastopol. They had lamontod tho fall of Kars; how niiioh maro deeply would they hnvo grieved hud his noblo frlond, yielding to tho oravon ailvleo of some nnd to thu fenr nnd Irritation nf tho mass of tho pcoplo of langland, concluded o penco before wo hud noeoinpHslintl tho cap. turu of Sebastopol ? In Jiistlco not only to tho ministry, but to tho honour of Pnrltninoiit, thoso things ought la ho considerad togo th er, Irritated ns tho people of England often wore on tho occurrence of events which thoy lind not lurosoon, nnd ready ns they wore nt suoh moments to visit their wrath ott wlniavor, whothor inlnlstor or genornl, carno first, they wero very unwlll. lng to lotiuu ta hygonos, or to miso up tho ghost of past transmuions, oven to terrify hot' Majesty's ministers. Thoroforo they would recoil from stielt motions ns this, would not favour tho Rtalo vindictiveness of party spirit, and would not support tho bringing forward for party purposes mailor willoh ought lo bo subjected only lu a illsniitiiluntlug eiillclsm. Afler all, to what did lt como ) If lt wuro Uno thnt lu tho iniuinuemeiit of ilcUealo alliances, in Ibo difficulty of overcoming opposing obstacles, and in the confusion which up to a certain time prevailed in the Crimea, her Majesty's Government had committed some slight error as to the fall of Kars, a calamity which they unceasingly deplored,-he fear- lessly appealed to tho representatives of a generous people to cast into obliviun this single disaster, if they could visit with n general approbation a war well can ducted and a peace well concluded. (Hear, hear.) Mr. VANSITTAHT said he had intended to vote with tba Government, but tho tone and temper of tho speeches delivered by the Ministers and their adherents had com- pelled him to alter his determination. Tho President of the Board of Control, and all who had spoken from the Treasury bench, had taken much higher ground than ho had anticipated ; and, not content with addressing themselves to the case of Kars, had claimed credit for having conducted all the operations of the war with uniform wisdom and foresight ; in fact they had treated tho question as ona involving approval of thoir general policy, and, as ho could by no means afford to give a vote susceptible of any such construction, ho had no alternative but to sup- port tho motion of tho hon. and learned member for Enniskillen. (Hear, hear.) Ho was not disposed to call in question tho propriety of their conduct in concen- trating tho whole energies of tho army on tho siege of Sebastopol, and refusing to employ any portion of it on any other enterpriso; but whore they had acted with in- discretion was in imperilling tho prestige of tho English, name and arms in the East by sending. out a British general and commissioner whom they neglected to sup- port with men, money, or material. iHear, hear.) It would havo been far batter to have left the whole man- agement of tho war in Asia Minor to tho Turkish Go- vernment than to have committed such a mistake as that. (Hear, hear.) Captain LAITAN was of opinion that a proposition to withdraw nny portion of tho British forces from Sebas- topol for tho purpose of succouring Kars would infallibly have boen'received with disfavour by the French peoplo, whoso soldiers in tho Crimea wore already threo timos tho number of ours, and who were not without a suspi- cion that England was not as earnest and active in Ute war as she ought to. bo. After tho fall of Sabastopol Omar Pacha was enabled to turn his attention to Asia, but unfortunately he landed at Suchum- Kalch, and directed his marah towards Kutais, instead of advancing hy Trobizonde and Erzeroum, by which route ho might have been in time-late though it was-to relievo Kars Tho Turki'.h general with -10,000 mon, only One-half ol whom wero nvailablo to oporate in front, had proceeded but 30 miles into tho interior, whon he could not gc forward without reinforcements. Tho effect of thc choice of Suchum-Kaleh was therefore to throw his army out o: all useful occupation; nnd, indeed, when General Williams wrote that ho had roceived promises of sue. cour from Selim Tasha, ho added that he had also entertained hopes of aid from Omai Pasha until ho learnt that that oommnnder hod directed his movement from Suohura-Kaleh. The Government had boon condemned, first,'because they discountenanced tho expedition prepared by tho Turks into Georgia, and next because they proposée a plan of operating by Trobizondo and Erzeroum ; but it was obvious that tho former project must havi been attended with disaster, while tho latter gnvo over; promise of success. Lord Pnnmure was censured for hil letter to General Vivian, dated tho 1-ith of July, in whicl he cautioned that commander against imperilling tb safety of his contingent by embarking in nny rash or ill judged enterprise in Asia ; yet, by a remarkable coinci dence, the papors beforo tho Houso showed that on th very some day Genornl Vivian wrote to our ambassado in an identical souse, and stating that 10,000 of hi troops, comprising tho most efficient part of his force were still unarmed, officered by mon yet unncquaintci with their langungo, dostituto of transport, and, in fact n moro mob. instead of a disciplined nrmy ready to taki tho field. On the two points, then, in regard to whicl tlioy had been severely blamed, her _ Majesty's Govorn mont really deserved commendation, not censure Thoir decisions throughout wero wise and judicious, ii a military point of view nt least: although i-. must b< confessed tho samo could not bo snid of thoir politic« administration, ile thought tho Government wer blamablo for not having placed pecuniary means o General Williams's disposal, and olso for not bavin furnished him with modlcnl assistance. Ho (Captai Laffan) believed that lind General Williams been prc perly supplied with money Knrs might have been savot (Hear, hear.) flo wns, howover, unable to concur i tho terms of tho motion proposed by tho hoi and learned member for Enniskillen, declaring thu the fall of Kars was mainly attributable 1 want of foresight and energy on tho part < her Majesty's Government ; for, ns tho first objei was to keep up tho army beforo Sebastopol, ha daubtc whether any foresight and energy on tho part of tb Government could'have prevented tho full of Kars. Il did not think Hint, in tho conduct of tho military opon tions, tho Government had exhibited any lack of wisdoi m. fni-ncirflit nnd Im would therefore civa his vote allin! tho motion. Colonel DUNNE regarded tho fall of Kars as an event of groat importance, «nd thought that his hon. and gal- lant friend had taken an extraordinary course in defend- ing tho military views of tho noble lord nt tho head of tho Wnr Department, who was singular in the idea that tho ronte by Trebizondo and Erzoroum was that by which relief ought to hnvo been nfl'orded to Kars. It had ni way s been held by military authorities that tho safest and mo3t prncticablo modo of relieving a belea- guered placo was by marching on tho communications of tho besiegers, and Omar Pasha acted wisely and properly in endeavouring to interrupt tho communications of Gene- ral Mouravioff. Ile (Colonel Dunno) had boen informed by officers acquainted with tho country that, from tho state of tho roads, threo or four months would havo been occupied in marching 30,000 mon from Trebizondo to Kars by Erzcroum. It wns utterly impossible to afford relief to Kars by way of Erzoroum, but the attempt to do so by Suchum.Kaleb was practicable, and, although mndo at a very late period of tho yenr, was nearly successful. Ho thought great blamo uttnehed to tho Government for allowing that expedition to bo so long delayed that it could not bo carried to a successful issue. Tho contingent of General Vivian lind been re- ferred to in terms of disparagement, hut that force was not in tho disorganized condition which had been re Crosonted. It did not consist of nowly raised recruits, nt was composed in a great mcasnro of troops drawn from tho army which had fought tinder Omar I'nshnon tho Danube, who wero placed under tho commnnd of Brltl>-h ofllcers. Tho British' Government were, in his opinion, to blain o for their determination to allow tho contingent to go to any point but lo Hint lo which Oninr Pasha wished it to bo sent.' Ho thought the llritish Government wero responsible for tho fall of Km be causo they had refused to permit the despatch of troops for its rolief at tho proper time. It hail boon said that thoro was a doflnleney of supplies and rosonrces nt Suohum-Kaloh nnd Kutnis ; but ono of tho despntolics contained an nccount of tho stores of grain nt KtttaiJ nnd of tho menus of Innd transport which existed there, and tho river Rion was nvallablo for tho cunveynnco of supplies for a distanco of CO miles. A lotter had been quotad by an hon. nnd gallant member lo show »hat Omar Pasha wns of opinion tlint General A'ivlan's Con- tingent was unlit to ba sent to the Crimea ¡ but tho hon. gentleman overlooked a subsequent lotter from Colonel Simmons, explaining tho statement of Omar Tasha, who oxpivsscil this opinion before ho was awaro of tho dan- ger in which Kars was planed. It wits a moro flimsy prc tonco to say that tho contingent was kept back becntiso it was not in n tit stnto to go to Balaklava, for it was shortly nftor sent, to n more dangerous point. The fact was, eithor tho Government wero ignorant of what was going on, or they did not chooso to intorfero in tho dofunco of Kars ¡ and ho had no doubt whatever that responsibility for tho fall of Kars rested ontlroly upon th« Government of this country. Ho would biko tho challenge of tho right hon. gonfloman tho President of tho Board of Control, and was propiirod to contend that if tho Government wero tried by court-martial on this question, their condemnation would bo much moro certain than it was likely to bo in that house, though not moro certain than it would bo found to bo by tho country nt largo j for thoro could bo no doubt that tho opinion of tho wholo country was In unison with that of tho hon, and learned member for Enniskillen on this Biibjectl and hon, members might fool assured that, when (hoy returned to tholr. constituencies, their votes on trio present occasion would ho romonibered. Ho lind hoard it snld ovor and ovor again, that all Unit had been dono in respect to Kars was purposely donn lu ordor to bring tho war to a oloso by giving Russia n protonco for accepting tho torms of pence olferod to her. Tin' w" ono reason willoh induced him to think that<'",*af department of tho Government was gullly of tho »ll of Kars. Ho would not outer Into tho conduct of how Stratford do Rodel I ffo. Hu ourtnlnly did think tlmtlii tho outlier part of tho proceedings that notdo lord wa» decidedly wrong in regard to his ropllos to Goner" Williams¡ hut when Lord Stratford found that Ka» was holeaguroil, thou lils lei lera assumed a YOU différent tone. But whother that noblo lord ya« W' or whothor ho was wrong In tim earlier part of tho nlinir. ho (Colonel Dunn«) contended that tho aovornmoni wore responsible^ fur lils conduct i nnd In respect to uw subsequent portion of tho business Lord Stratford ««»¡1 wholly KitlltlosH. Tho hon. member for Aylesbury U» j| Lnynrd) lind roprnnohoil tho llonso for not having, na toudeil to tho advino willoh ho lind on several oeoitslonOK given ns tn tho Impnrlnnco of usBlslIng Turkoy in nwmi Minor» but while tho hon. gentleman threw the ron'o»f| mTbUitr of rejecting bi» *âvice on the Home he at t «ame time appeared to hold her Majesty's Governrae wholly irresponsible. It wa» true that no (Color Donne) did not vote with tho bon. gentleman last yoi Indeed he seldom afforded any one nn opportunity -voting with him, for tho hon. gentleman generally wit drow his motions (" Hear," and a laugh), but oven wh tho bon. gitntlemon did press them, ho (Colonel Dunn confessed that his oonfldenoo in tho hon. gcntlom, was so little that ho was not prepared to give him 1 BUMr?rCowAS said that on this occasion ho should gi ber Majosty's Ministers his humblo but most : cord; support in resisting the attack which had boon lovoll ot tliom. He thought the present motion was at on most impolitic and most ungenerous, and ho thought would bo far moro rational and becoming that all tho vain and worthloss discussions should be avoided, ai that they should avail themselves of tho opportuni which the mandate of their belovod Sovoroign ofron them of uniting together in their thanks Heaven for tho restoration of peaco. Tho hon. nt gallant member had imputed tho whole of thoso dlsr tars to tho War Department, but it was most unfair impute blame to tho War Minister, who had been rac earnest in his endeavours to carry out the war wi vigour. "AU mon-must deplore tho calamities and d: asters that befell tho nrmy both at tho Crimea nnd Ears; but it would be far moro reasonable if, instead indulging in criminations and recriminations, they wc ia devote their minds to tnking measures whereby i such calamities might bo nvolded in future. Ho pt tested against tho timo of tho Houso being occupied ai important business hoing delayed by discussions of tl nature, which could lead to no publio benefit ;_ and recommended hon. gontlemon opposito, if they wished displace tho Government, nt once to movo a vote of ce sure and to.tako tho sonso of tho Houso upon it. Mr. LIDDELI. said that ho should voto for tho amen mont of his hon. friend tho member for Dorsetshii becauso ho believed that the capitulation of Kars bo materially upon tho groat question which would have bo discussed next wook. Ho wished, thoroforo, that tl example of a noble lord in nnothor piuco had been fe lawed in this house, becauso ho apprehended that tho would be no difficulty in allowing that the abnndonme: of tho fortress of Kars lind exercisod a gre efToct upon tho peneo negotiations, lt might appo somowliat presumptuous, or, at alt ovents, prcmatur in him to give an opinion upon tho subject, but 1 had no hositation in oxpressing his belief that no coi ditions of pcaeo would a (lord a satisfactory soouril against futuro war so long ns tho Asintió frontier wi loft in its present condition. (Hear, hear.) Causi might ariso on that frontior sufHclont at any momei again to involvo us in war; and it was remarkable tin Rcarcoly had tho Russian envoy loft tho Conforonc Chamber before thoro appoarod in a morning nowspnpi en oxtremely ominous article from tho Berlin corre pondent, stating that Russia was organizing nn army t engage what slio called a rebellious mountain tribe Now, every ono know what Russian diplomatic agene was, and nothing would bo easior than for n diplomat: ngont to fomont n rebellion among tribos upon the fror tier which might load ngain to war. ( If ear, hear.) II could havo wishod that thó motion of tho hon. ant ?learned member for Enniskillen' had boen difl'erontl worded, and a littlo loss forcible in its torms ; becaus lie could not join in all that had boen said in censuro a tho Government ot home, alth mgh if ho wore nskoi whother tho fall of Kars was attributable to a want c onorgy and foresight on tho port of tho Government, h should ho compcllod lu his conscience to answer that : was. (Hear, hoar.) A brief pauso hero onsued, and as no hon. membo appoarcd desirous to address tho Houso, tho cries c ?"Divido" becamo gonorol, thoro being, probably, at tin period not 40 mombors present. At length Sir J. GRAHAM rose. He said : I know not whethe tho hon. and learned member for Greonook (Mr. Dunlop is in his placo, but I can assure him and tho Houso tba it is nevor my practice, oven wovo it in my powor, ti make n speech for display; nnd it is only a senso of dut; and tho feeling that 1 ought not to give a silont voto oí this important question which induco mo to riso on Un present occasion. I shall take the hint which was oileree by tho hon. nnd learned member for Greenock, and shal endeavour to compress into tho narrowost spaco tho ob scrvations which it will bo my duly to submit to thc Houso; and I am bound to stnta that, like the hon. gen. tlomnn who has just sat down, T have had soma doubt? with respect to tho vote which I ought to givo upon this question ; but, both in public nnd in private lifo, tu a caso of doubt, I think tho rulo a sofa ono to do os one would ba dono by ; and having lately been n responsible sorvant of tho Crown during the conduct of tho present war, I am hound to remember the difficulties with which her Majosty's Govcrnmont havo had to contend, (Hoar, hear.) My own experience has taught me that it is a very ditllcult operation to conduct a great war, whethor by sou or land, with forces under com- manders with a divided authority. (Hear, hear.) Now, what is tho oxporionco of the grcntost commanders in this rospcot ? I think it is nn observation of tho great Napoleon that evan one hud ganorat is better than two good ones at tho hoad of tho same army. Ha makes also another rcfleotion-that an army composed of dif- férant nations will not bo long boforo it commits great mistakes. What, again, was tho oxporionco of tho Duke ?of Wellington in tho Peninsular war? He felt tho dif- ficulty of ii tlividotl command to so great nn oxtont that almost immediately after his landing in tho Peninsula ho thought it not only requisito to put nt tho head of tho Portuguese army an ofllaor second only to himself, but ho thought it also indispensably nocessory that ho should bo the generalissimo of that nrmy, holding, as it wore, both the first and tho second commands in it. At Talavera ho did not command, and ot Salamanca ho had only an imported command, and felt deoply tho inconve- nience of n dividod authority. Thoro ls a remarkable lotter of tho Dukq of Wellington written whon Alexan- der Emporor of Russia, proposed to send a corp» d'armée to tho Peninsula to bo plaoed partially under tho com- mand of the Duko of Wollington, which sots forth tho opinion of that groat man upon tho difficulties attondant ni pon a dividod command. In a despatch of tho Duke of Wollington to Lord Bathurst ho says : ?" I must not say how much I nm ilatlored by tho dis- position of tho Emperor of Russia to placo kis troops under my command. If tho Emperor should carry this intontion into execution, I bog leavo to rooommond not only that tho Emporor should placo them undor my command, but that ho should accept of any sorvicos (with tho permission of his Royal Highness tho Brinco Regent) ns a general offlcor Sn his servico of rank sonior to tho gonornl officer who should bo sent in command of his Imperial Majosty's troops, nnd that, nlthough tho disciplino nod intorior economy of his Imperial Majesty's troops should bo tarried on under tho direction of tho general ofllcer who .would como to tho Peninsula with thom, all roports, &c;, regarding thom and thoir operations should pass through Miy hands. I mention this now, because, having tor ?some years commanded an allied army oomposod of vory 'discordant materials, and having had tho good fortuno to preservo tho utmost harmony among thom, I om anxious thnt, in caso lils Mnjosty tho Emperor should bo disposed lo corry his-intontion into oxcoutlon, his viows should not bo frustrated by want of attention to tho occurrences of ono of thoso nooldonts which oxporionco has shown are too likely to occur in tho omploymont of nlllod troops in tho samo soono of notion." I havo now, Sir, shown tho Houso whnt was tho opinion exprossod by two of thj grcntost commanders of niodorn timos with rogord to tho dlllloultlos of oommnndlng combined nnnios. It is trtto that in our his. tory wo havo bright oxnmnlos of nohiovomonts by combinod armlos. Hornillos and Blenheim nt onco ooour to our rocollootlon, but still tho triflloulUos of a commnnd over a combined army nro groat in tho ?extremo. I, Slr, have had tho advnntago of hoing from «orly youth a frlond of tho Into Lord Raglan, and I say that in valour, courtesy, firmness, nnd honour bo was a bright oxnmplo of nn English gonornl. (Hoar, boor.) He had, upon the ground of which I havo roforrod, moat ttifflouUlos to oontond against, but hy his oourtosy ho won tho tBtoom of two Marshals of Frnnoo-(hoar, bear;-in a combined oporatlon. His valour was proved í!i0P k° led-a oiroumstanco now In our nnnnls British troops sido by side with French to tho storming t »? 8,ronB position, dofandod by bravo soldiors, worthy or tho adversaries against whom thoy had to confond. 'mí ar') 110 ,md«1 B°y' 8ront .lilllol»tiof'to oontond With, but thnnks to lila courtesy, tho nllianoo remained unbroken. Although his conduct during somo pnrt of bia command has boen mado tho sttbjcat of adverso oom. jnont, I think that, toko all In nil, wo Bhall «ot for somo «mo look upon his Uko ngain. (Hoar, hoar.) As regards General Willlnms, who is moro immediately oon. nco od with tho subjoot of this dobnto, he has displayed qua Hos of tho hlghost oharnoter, and has provod that ior tho futuro tho brightest hopos may bo ontortainod of nun. (Hoar, hoar.) If Kars oouhl finvo boon snvotl hy »Sn0 T w,IImms 1 ««"ova it would not havo fallon, but, wniio I say thus muoh, I must also bear my testimony to mÄnnor in willoh Lord Clarondon supported tho authority oraenornl Williams. I will stnto to tim Houso rt »w\mïn'!c.° which has not yot boon moutionod, nnd wini '1 tnmk' wiu Bnow U"»1 tl,° nw!'8 of Oonorol «K.L*^8 .8.ront M 1 hellevo thom to bo, woro not unobserved by tho Earl of Abordoon. In tho yonr IS LU ..!».' t"° ¿ntf of 41,0 Seorotnry for Furoign Aflliirs to weet nn ofHoor for the Importnnt post of n oominisslonor Tu",mPP° 110 frontier hotwoon Tuvkny mid Torsin, and Wini Abo1nloon, aftor full inquiry, appointed Genornl willama to that ofllao-(hear, hear)-nud I must say that tho conduct of that gallant offloer on that- occasion gave tho greatest satisfaction to theTurkjsu and English Governments, j. When it.hecamo' necessary'to appoint a commissioner to the Turkish'army in Asia Lord Aber doen, remembering tho services'of General Williams, recommended' Lord Clarendon to appoint that gallant oflicor to tho post, and Lord Clarendon, with tho concur ronce of tho Cabinet, mada that appointment, (Hoar, hear,) It was not my intention to have rison so onrly this' evening, and I deeply regret that I nm obliged to spoalc in the nbsenoo , of an hon. gentlomnn, becauso I should have liked him to hoar tho answor I nm about to maka to' some of his observations-I moan tho hon. momberfor Aylesbury. Now, Sir, I must say that it is extrémoly easy to kick a dead animal-(laughtor)-and, as tho hon. gentleman has been engaged, and I hopo profitably engagod, in rosoarchos conneetod with people long since dead, I cnn quito imngino that he would pro fer kicking a defunct Administration to coming in colli sion with a Ministry in este. (Hear, hoar.) I say, Sir, that tho commonts of tho hon. gcntloman on tho Government of Lord Aberdeen aro most unjust. Tho . hon. gentloninn ' says that the Adminis- tration of Lord Aberdeen entirely ' overlooked tho importnnoo of tho Asintió frontier of Turkey, and tho dangor to Turkey of the advances of Ilussin in that direction. Now, Sir, I will not trouble tho Houso with moro extracts than I can holp, but I must remind tho Houso that tho despatches to which I shall refer wore written by tho Duko of Nowcnstlo ns tho organ of tho Govornmont, and I think that tho statement of tho hon. gentleman that the Govornmont of Lord Aberdeen was indifferent to tho stnto of tho Turkish army in Asia -will fall to tho ground. I will not refute that position by many oxtrnots, but will con- fino myself to threo. I would beg tho House tb re- member tho dûtes. Tho Duke of Nowoastlo loft tho Administration with Lord Aberdeen towards tho end of Jnnunry. In tho preceding October Lord Clarendon wroto to Lord Stratford de Redcliffe-and it is consistent with my own knowledgo that tho despatoh was written in concert with the Duke of Nowcastlo- in tho following tomi s :. " Her Majesty's Government havo a dircot interest in tho stato of this army (that is, tho army of Kars and on tho Asiatio frontier), - as it is likely that military opera- tions upon a large scalo will bo carried on in Asia next year; and they must therefore again insist upon tho necessary measures being taken without delay." On tho part, thoroforo, of Lord Aberdeen's Cabinet, I must say that there was tho earliest indication of fore- sight with refercmo to tho prohablo course of military ovents in tho onrly pnrt of 185Ö. Tho dato of tho despatch is important. It is tho 21st of October. It is immediately consequent upon tho hope entertained confidently hy Lord Raglan and Mnrshnl Canrobert that tho bombardment of Sebastopol, which was to take placo on tho 17th of Octobor, would bo successful, and it cloarly shows thnt tho policy of Lord Aberdeen's Government was that, if happily thnt bombardment should bo successful, pnrt of tho allied forces would bo directed on Asia. Hero is tho matter mest in disputo botwoon tho hon. gontlomnn and myself. Undoubtedly her Majosty's Govornmont-I he liovo tho presont ns well ns Lord Aberdeen's-did attach primary importance to tho Crimonn operations, and re- garded ns secondnry, although most important, tho mili- tary movomonts nnd ovents on tho Asiatic frontier. Tho hon. gentleman takes an bpposito view. Ho thinks, I behove, that tho oporations in tho Crimea woro sooondnry to tho movemonts on tho Asiatio side, and theroln differs on a point of strategy from the conclusions at which tho Government arrived after giving tho matter their most enroful consideration, and consulting with those best qunlifiod to ndvtso thom. But now I would nsk atten- tion, as n proof that tho Duko of Newcastle and Lord Aberdeen's Government never dopnrted from tho viow which they took with reforonco to tho importance of tho Asiatio frontier, to a dospatch which, I think, wns par- tially road by tho hon. and lenrnod membor for Ennis- killen. It is from Colonel Mundy to Lord Wodohouso, and it is datod tho 0th of November : " Tho Dnko of Nowcastlo is of opinion that it will bo found nlmost nn impossibility fer tho English and French forcos to co-operato with an army in tho state in which tho Turkish army in Asia is represented to bo, unless a completo chango of system bo oflbctcd. His grnco further dlrocts mo moro ospocinlly to request that your lordship will call Lord Clarendon's attention to tho statements of Colonel Williams with regard to tho arrears of pay duo to tho Turkish soldiers, and tho ovil results nrising thorefrom, not only causing distress and privation in tho army, but encouraging desertions from its ranks ; tho want of clothing nmong tho troops of all arms, and tho absence of medicino for tho sick and want of proporly qualified surgeons." That does not point so directly to an intontion of send- ing further mihtnry assistanco with a viow to moro activo oporations in tho spring of 1858. I think Lord Aber- deen's Government left ofllco in tho end of January, and thoro ls a dospatch from Lord Clarendon to Lord Strat- ford do Redcliffe, datod tho 11th of .Tanunry, which nlso is a despatch that I know was written in immedinto concert with tho Duko of Nowcastlo. Lord Clarendon says : " But this is nil that lins boen done for tho relioT of tho army, notwithstanding tho ropoated nnd urgent romonstrnneos of hor Majesty's Govornmont, whioh nro of n dato long anterior- to tho doparturo of General Williams from this country. Tho Porto was woll nwaro of tho anxloty felt by hor Majesty's Govornmont on this subject, nnd of tho importnnco they attached to tho army at Kars being in a flt stnto to tako tho field noxt spring." Hore is nn indication of tho policy of tho Government, and tho measures of precaution thoy thought it expe- dient to take, officially communicated as carly ns Janu- ary to Lord Stratford do Rodollffo. (Hoar, hear.) Now, slr, I think I shall rightly divido tho snhjoots nf bl am o imptitod to tho Govornmont into two-first, that thoro being reason not to bo nltogothor satisflod with tho con. duot of Lord Stratford de Redolido, thoy fnilod to recall him; and, secondly, that they omitted to send aid to Kars in tho summor of 1850. These appears to mo tho leading topics of attack, and, with tho permission of tho Houso, I will direct my nttention to thom consecutively. And, first, with regard to tho conduct of Lord Stratford do Redcliffe. I agrco with tho Attorney-General that it is impossible ni toge thor to vlndicato in tho oarlior stago of thoso proceedings, particularly towards tho ond of 1851 and tho commencement of 18CS, tho nogleot to answer tho Jotters of General Williams (oheors), nnd to givo him tho full authority which was necossary to sus- tain him ; and I think thoro cnn bo no doubt that thoro was n misunderstanding botwoon Ocnornl Williams and Lord Stratford do Redclilfo, whioh was not conducive to tho good of tho ptibTIo service (Chcors.) But, having slid thnt much, I think thoro nro circumstances with reforonco to tho past lifo and conduct of Lord Stratford which would havo mada it a fatnl orror on tho part of hor Majosty's Govornmont to rccnll him from Constanti- nople. (Hoar, hear.) It is snid that ho neglected to answor ns many ns (ll lettors ; but it nppenrs that on ono morning sovontoon despatches arrivod togother, requiring probably only ono answor. I will not, how over, don! with tho question in that mannor. I havo ndmittod that I think thoro woro parts of tho conduot of Lord Stratford do RodolifTo fairly reprehensible ; but, on tho other hand, I ngreo with tho hon. nnd gallant officer who spoko on tho opposito side, that thoro, porhaps, wara dofeats in tho original arrangement. Gonornl Williams was sont as military commissioner, placad moro Immadiatoly under tho orders and dirootion of Lord Raglan, nnd not so immmlintoly undor tho onntrol of tho British ambassador, (Hear, hear.) Probably, too, his powors nnd functions woro not strictly defined ; nnd, undor thoso circumstances, although it is cortainly to bo rogrottod, it was not vory unnatural thnt, in tho first in. stanoo, some misunderstanding should havo orison botwoon Lord Stratford and Gonoral WUllomB. But against that I bog tho Houso to set tho sorvlcos rondorod by Lord Stratford do Redcliffe to tho country. (Hoar, hoar.) Recollect how ho stood as sontinel, nlmost nlone, opposing a constant front to tho spirit of Russian aggression In that quarter, and to what wns no loss dangerous than Russian aggression-tho corruptivo in* lluonoo of Russia in a capital whoro her noduotions havo not alwnys boon thrown nwny. (Hoar, hoar.) Lot ino also rotnlnd tho Houso of tho in lluonoo acquired by Lord Stratford ovor tho Turkish Oovornmont. no him solf tells us of tho corruption whioh : prevails in ovory dopartmont of that Govornmont, nnd lot tts not forgot how lils lionosty and integrity havo stood aloof against tho baleful influonoo, and to what noblo Íiurposos li«"Wis directed tho influonoo gained by lonour mid uprightness, Tho pnpors willoh hnvo just loon presented to Parliament show how MioooRsfuily ho has oxortod hlmsolf in favour nf tho Christian subjoots of tho Sultan. I attribute mainly to tho influenoo of Lord Stratford do Hcdolinb, constantly and nobly oxortod, that hatti.shoiifTwhioh glvos snell im. Îiortnnt prlvilegos to tho Christian population in Turkey. Hear.) Ho nssuros us thnt henceforth no suhjeot of ho Turk will bo inolostod on account of lils religious opinions, orpunlshod on nooount of tho abandonment of any faith willoh ho shall ronounco. That ostnbllshos religious llborty in Turkoy (hoar, hear) j ond that hatti shorifl', so important, is rofarrod to by nntno in tho tronty willah has hoon laid on our tablo ; it ls tho condition on which Turkoy in ndmittod within tho polo of olvlllzod ' Europol it will glvo to tho Etiropenn Powors, if.lt ho . not obsoi'vod, either oollootlvely or individually, a right 1 of remonstrance ; nnd I do not think, nil oirottmstnticos oonBidorod, o bottor or moro salutary arrangement could , havo boon made, (Cheers.) Moro thnn thnt, I bollovo , thorn was orror in tho condttot of Lord Stratford do Red. ollllt) ia tho curlier prut of tho trnusnolious with Gcuornl -.----rt-.?-, -- Williams ; lint will the House rooollect, in justice to . Lord Stratford, what were the efforts ho made after tho commencement of 18661 I bellove ho was earnest and ?? unremitting in his oxertions to obtain for General Wil. Hams every possible assistance from tho Divan, (Hear, hoar,) Well,'Slr, under nil those oircumstanoos, consi- dering his nbilily, tho length of his sorvioos, his con. duct, his character, I nm disposed to say that tho ICoratinn maxim with regard to poetry is equally appli- cable to political services-- , . " Vorùm ubi piora Intent In onrmlno, non ogopanels " OfTendor maoiills, ijuna nut Inourlit fudlt, " Aut humana partim onvlt natura." (Honr, hear.) This aocusation, ' I grant, moro parti cularly applies to Lord Aberdeen's Government, bocauso tho offence was committed in the beginning of tho year 1855 or at tho closo of tho year 1854. But, if it bo an orror that Lord Stratford was not recalled, had I re mained a member of tho Administration I should have partaken of tho councils of my colleagues,' and "I should havo resis'od to tho utmost tho recall of Lord Stratford. (Hear, hoar.) I come now to tho second point, which is tho omission of sending aid te Kars in tho summer of 1855. It is impossible to overlook tho earnest desire of tho Turkish Government to sond assis- tance to tho army beloagnored at Kars, and more parti- cularly I must advert to tho recommendation and con- duct of Omar Pasha. I think gentlemen who havo read tho minute of Omar Pasha must bo of opinion that his abilities in council hardly full short of his distin- guished inorits in tho Hold. (Hoar, hear.) But, Sir, I have already stated that both tho English and French Governments, though they attached infinito importance to tho defence of Kars, ns I think rightly, regarded that eporation as altogother secondary to the capturo of Sebastopol. That was tho primary object, and it would have been folly and weakness to disrogard tho primary object in tho hopo of promoting or oven carrying a second. Will tho Houso bear in mind thc precise time when Omar Pasha made his recommendation ? It was after tho 18th of Juno-a dny over mcmorablo in tho annals of this country, and not tarnished, as I contond, by tho adverse circumstances of tho 18th of Juno, 1855. Still that day in that year is remarkable for tho failure of n groat military offert on tho part both of tho Frenoh and English armies, and it cannot bo matter of sur- prise that after such an ovent tho generals and ad- mirals responsible for tho safoty of the unitod army should havo hositatod in weakening tho forces im. mediately prosont at that groat military operation, tho siego of Sebastopol. I do not think it has been read, but it appears to mo vory important that tho lotter of General Simpson with raferenco to tho refusal of tho wishes, stated to them hy Omar Pasha, to withdraw a portion of the forces thou present undor their com bined command, should be brought to tho recollection of tho Houso. This lotter is dated tho 10th of July, about a month nftor tho assault upon tho Bedan, and a considerable timo boforo tho brilliant success which carried tho Malnkhoff and ended in tho taking of Sebastopol. I will not trouble tho Houso by rending tho whole, but allow mo to road a portion of this letter : " At a conforcneo which was assembled nt tho French head-quarters on Saturday tho 1-lth, at tho request of Omar Pasha, and nt which ho, GonornlPolissior, General Ln Marmora, Vico-Admiral Sir E. Lyons, A'ioa-Admiral Brunt, Bear-Admiral Stewart, and myself wore present, his Highness set forth his reasons' and viows on tho subject in question ; ho also produced a very largo sheet of paper, which contained, as ho affirmed, tho in- structions of his Government ; but, on being asked for a translation of which, ho said that it would talco a fortnight to moko ono. Tho arguments usod by Omar Pasha wera th oso set forth in tho correspondence, and foiled to produco any effect on tho minds of the other mombors of tho Conference, who nil, without oxcoption, entertain tho strongest objection to tho withdrawal of any troops from tho Crimea at this moment." Wo have, therefore, tho united opinion of nil tho admirals and all tho generals that not only from Balaklava, but from Kodikoi, Kertch, and Eupatoria, under tho circum stnncos which then existed, it was not expedient to withdraw a singlo mon. (Hear.) Omar Pasha, being dissatisfied with tho decision, wont to Constantinople to obtain a reversal of it, and Gcnoral Simpson writes to Lord Stratford " I oornestly, thoroforo, beg your Excellency to uso your poworful influenco with tho Porto to cause our opinion to prevail over that of his Highness ; for great public interests aro at stoko, and serious consequences might result from his success." Surely, Sir, in tho faco of that appoal wo may woll understand, how vory unwilling tho Govornmonts ot Paris and at London must havo been to reverso n deci- sion, taken on the spot by tho most competent authorities, by orders directly ^opposed to whnt on tho spot was thought necessary, not only for tho honour and suocoss, but absolutely for the safoty of tho forces tbore employed. (Choors.) It must not bo concealod from tho House, and it has not boon concealod, as I think rightly, by tho responsiblo Ministers of tho Crown, that thero was a groat indisposition on tho part of tho French Oovernmont to favour any operations olsowhoro until success at Sebastopol had boen obtained. It may bo a matter of question whether that disincli nation was not carried to excess ; still, in operations of snob dolicncy and difficulty, it will bo a bold measure if tho Houso of Commons, after suoh a result, poss con- demnation on tho Govornmcnt, upon tho oxorciso of discretion in vory nico, trying, and difficult circum- stances. (Cheers.) Again, lot us sen what tho great mastor of the art of war in our time, tho Dukoof Welling- ton, says. G on oral Cooko held n commnnd nt Cadiz ; tho lluka wns commanding on tho banks of tho Douro, and, in ona of his instructions ho said, " It is inexpedient to give poromptory ordors from a distance. I would not do it. I would not gladly, if thoy wore given to mo, submit to thom." (Hear.) I do not stand hero to Boy that mistakos havo not boon committod. I do not be* Havo that gentlemen on tho Trensury bondi, considering tho large oxtont covered by these transactions, will be preparod to say that no errors havo boen oominitted. It is impossible Hint in such imraonso transactions soma oversights should not occur. I say franki}*, I think thorn was too muoh of tolographio communications and telo; graphic ordors. (Cheers.) I ngroo with tho hon. artd learned momber for Enniskillen in disapproving that particular telegraphic despatch, which govo poromptory orders to abandon Knrs mid Erzoroum nnd fall back upon Trobizondo ; nnd if recommendations woro to bo convoyed by tolegraph at all I should not havo rocom. monded any other recommendation to Ganoral Simpson than to remomber Kars. (Hear.) That was not the instruction, but, perhaps, tho ond would havo boon muoh happier lind it been so. (Cheers.) Still, I am hound to say that, whatever thoso instructions may havo been, it was quito open to tho Oovoru ment ta yiold to tho strong representations rondo by tho commanders of tho allied forces, nnd not allow any de- tachments to be sent. (Hoar.) I cannot fail, howovor, to express my sympathy with General Williams and my admiration of his conduct, (Cheors.) Tt is heartrending to road somo of thoso despatches. (Hear, hoar.) Ho says that ho thought his ormy was left doomed to do. struction, that ha was absolutely forgotton, that lils posi- tion was isolated and neglected ; and yot, while ho felt tho neglect, his mnnly and noblo spirit,nothing daunted, porsovorod in spito of ovory disappointment. (Choors.) Hopo ovon wnR dont! within him, yot did not that spirit so entirely fail that ho was unwilling to meat tho otiomy to whom ho was opposed with only th reo of his country, men by his sido, nnd lend a Turkish nrmy, under oircumstanoos of unexampled difficulty, to almost un- exampled viotory. (Loud choors.) Thero mny ho many things to rogrot in tho wnr now happily dosed, but do not let us undor suoh circumstances conso to bo proud of tho noble oonduot of a handful of our countrymen on two occasions of ni most equal dangar and difficulty. 1 look in vain to tho annals of modern warfaro for a pnrallol to tho dofonco of Slllstrln or Kars-both in tho main (owing to tho courogo, tho skill, tho constancy, and tho oxnmpla of British olllcors) lending to that trium- phant Huccoss which, when wo como to oonfar with him who was our enomy, and ls now, I hope, our friend long may ho oontlnuo to ho so-I mean tho Ilussinn will tell us that tho dofenoe of Silistria and Knrs rendered tho English name, with willoh they wera associated, illustrious nnd ovor momorahlo in tho rooollootlon ot his countrymen. (Choors.) I sold it was heartrending to think what General Williams must hnvn endured. Hero isa trilling instmco. It is said tho honour of tho sooond class of the Both is conferred upon him. Ho rooolvos it with n faint snillo, hts spirit» nra sunk, omi that noblo heart is almost broken. (Chours.) I moy bo wrong in expressing my opinion, but I do not think, ns yot, tho grntltudo of this country to that distinguished mau hos boon Hiifllalontlv marked. fTIonr, hoar.) Tho second elnss of tho Bath is a proud distinction, but I cannot think his sorvioos nra rightly moasurod by that distinction. Tho thanks of tho Par- liament, considering tho failure, onnnot, according to prooedont, bo Riven, bul If my noblo friend will ndvlso liar Mojosty, tho fountain of all graoo nnd favour to tho military profession, to confer somo solid mark, in willoh wo may partnko, in rownrd of tho sorvioos of Oouoral Williams, I do not ballovo thora is n man in this hausa wita will not hall it with nntlsfuotton. (Loud ohuors.) Now, Slr, I shall bo nskod, nm I thou propnrod to any thnt no errors wove oom ni I Hod? I havo nlrondy shown that somo or rois were committed! it will now barny duty to point out othors. I havo road a daspa toll nf th« Dillie of Nowonstlo, in which lt is suggostad thnt medical nhl might ho nfibrdod tn tho army nt Kars and that peon, nlary nsslstanoo might ho given. And this brings mo tn tho QUQBtlou of poounlniy nsslstanoo, Ami hero I conToss -I think that, tome blame, ia doe "lo""the .Government. (Opposition cboera.) It will be, perhaps, contended, that I and " some of my colleagues dn Lord Aberdeen's . Government who left ofllco ¡were opposed to.tbo Turkish loan. (Loud cheors.) Slr, ¡this is not tho oconsion to argua that quotion over ¡again, But before I left Lord Aberdeen's Government, and ever sincp, I have hoon opposed to tho system of loans. (Hoar.) I remember that injunction, which is val uah] o to.nations as to individuals : Noltlior a lonilor nor a borrower be, For loan oft Ionen both itsolf anil friend. (Loud.choors.) I was opposod to the joint and several liability for the Turkish loan. I objected to tho mort- gage of Egypt. I rotain that objection. I think that tho subjoot of tho loon may givo rise to gravo discussions botweon Franco and Englnnd. (Hear.) But I never was opposod, and I de not think that any rational man would be opposed to giving pecuniary assistance (Cheers.) I differ from tho mombor for Aylesbury on somo points, but I agree with him in ono paint, and I do think that n credit might havo boen given to General Williams, oithor upon our Ambassador at Constantinople or upon tho Treasury in England for a moderato amount, and that for a sum of X'100,000 tho army nt Kars might havo been suppliod with all the provisions necessary. (Choors.) I am also if opinion with the lion, and learned gentleman (Mr. Whiteside) that if a few hundred cavalry had been sent to< Kars, they would, os Gonoral Williams says in describing his brilliant victory, hnvo onnblcd him to destroy tho Russian army. Again, I think that although General Williams had guns in sufficient quantity, yet that when he asked for a few hundred artillerymen and cavalry they might have boen sont to him. I cannot but boliovo that in tho oarly part of tho summor of 1800, without dotnohing any troops from the Crimea, thero might have beon sent from Constantinople to Erzeroum some assistance of this kind willoh would have homo most essential results. Here is another point upon which I havo a strong opinion. If it wore inexpedient to weaken tho forco on tho platoau in front of Sebastopol, still thero were no insuperable objections to mooting the wishes of Omar Pasha, and nllowing him to withdraw from that position tho Turkish veterans ho was accustomed to com- mand, and supplying their placo by tho Turkish Con- tingent. (Hear, hear.) It may be said that tho latter troops were not sufficiently disciplined, but tho House will pardon mo if I ngnin rofer to tko highest authority -tho Duko of Wellington. Ho had oxperionco in these mattors. When in Portugal he had to uso similar troops constantly, when they woro very imperfectly disciplined, and ho has put upon record in his own pithy mannor a dictum which tho Houso will allow mo to read. It rofers to tho oH'oet of long training nnd disciplino upon such troops eompnrod with their hoing well paid, woll fod, .and well enred for, and it shows that thoso nttontians go fur in making troops efficient in tho Hold. Tho Duke is writing of Spanish troops whon put under British officers. His lotter is dotod : " Lisaoa, July 25,1813. " Tho Spanish troops do not want disciplino, if by disciplino is mannt instruction, so much as they do a Kystom of order, which can only ba founded on regular poy and food and good enro nnd clothing." Now, tho Turkish Contingent had had those advantages for somo timo, and my own judgmont would bo that, at that Hmo, whon tho question of withdrawing tho Turkish troops from Balaklava was mooted, thoir place might hnvo boon odvnntngoously and sufficiently supplied by tho Turkish Contingent so ofUcorcd. (nour, hear.) Tho Duko goos on to say : " Those British officers could not give them, and, notwithstanding that tho Portuguese aro now tho fighting cocks of tho army, I bolievo wo owo their merits moro tn tho caro wo havo talton of their pockets and bellies, thon to tho instruction we hnvo given them." Showing that tho opinion of tho Duko of Wellington was thnt instruction nnd long training with reference to tho offlcinncy of foreign armies nro to n considerable extent supplied by British pay, fuoding nnd core. Tho Turkish Contingent having had thoso advantages might, I think, hnvo been sent up to Bnlaklava so as to havo liberated tho troops of Omar Pasha. And, Slr, thara is no uso in not very frankly stating my full opinion to tho Houso, sinco they nro so indulgent as to listen to mo. (Hear, hear.) I havo another objection, which is of a somewhat del ¡cato character. I nm bound to say that, with avery desira to maintain tho French alliance in its full integrity, and to run no risk of n misunderstanding with that country, and feel- ing bound to admit that tho Emperor of that great nation has noted with constant fidelity (choors) and with a dogreo of good faith and firmness that ontitles him tn tho gratltudo of this country, yot I cannot but think thnt too much was conceded to tho prejudices which, I must sny, wore not well founded on tho part of our French allie«. Aftor Sebastopol had fallen, and nftor Kars lind fallon, thoro was tho Turkish Government dis- playing nn carnost, natural, and anxious desiro to with- draw a portion of their army from tho Crimea, and lo occupy Trobizondo without delay after tho fall of Kars, in ordor to prevent tho dnngor of tho further advnnco ol' tho Russian army. As loto ns tho 14th of December, Lord Stratford writos to tho Earl of Clorondon, to say : " I learn from M. do Thouvonol that permission has nt length arrived from Poris for Marshal Polissier to assent to tho doparturo of tho Egyptian infantry ot Eupatoria for Trobizondo. I am informed, however, that tho Turkish commander lind declarad his dctormi nntion to ombnrk tho troops without waiting for any fur* thor communication." This bears incidentally upon a part of tho caso of tho Govornment. They have boon blamed for adhoring to tho view takon by Gonoral Williams himself and pro. ferring tho auxiliary troops from Turkoy to tho division of Omar Pasha. The local knowledgo of tho hon, mombor for Aylesbury has modo this perfectly in lol llgible, nnd ho has shown thnt in tho early port of tho summer tho road from Trobizondo to Batoum was moro direct in a military point of viow, and moro siiitnblo oxcopt for artillery. But after Sebastopol had fallen tho question was, whether a por. lion of tho army ought not to ovaoiinta tho Crimon and go to Trobizondo. llonr what Sir W. Codrington, our Commander in Chiof, says, with roforonco to this subjoot. Writing on tho 10th of December, ho says: " I wroto to Marshal P61issior in tho general tono of your lotter, expressing to him tho groot ohjoct it scorned to bo to got tho Turkish troops to Trobizondo, and that, if dono nt all, it should bo dono nt onoo, nnd adoring my assistance, if I could, by communications with our navy, to further this object. His answor was, that ho could not onnsont to their leaving Eunntorin without tho oxpross sanction of tho Empororof tito French." (Hear, hear.) That is to say, that tho opinion formed by tho gcnoral commanding in chiof, booked by tho earnest dosiro of tho Turkish Government, was depend, ont on the will of tho Emporor nt Paris, communicated by tolegrnph. This is dolicato ground (choors) ; but I sponk with overy dosiro to show tho utmost doforonco to tho Empnror of tho Fronoh. Lord Stratford wroto to say,-" Tho Turks aro sadly mortified by tim ombnrgo which nppoars to havo beon laid on tho Egyptian troops at Eupatoria." That fooling of soronoss and disappoint- ment was both natural and woll founded. (Cheers.) But I may ho nsked,-" Why, if you find' thoso faults, do you not voto fur tho motion of tho hon, and loamed mombor for Enniskillen ?" (Opposition ohoors.) That is a fair question, and I will proceod to answor it. I will first tnko tho nmondment of my hon. friend tho mombor for Dorsotshiro (Mr. K. Soymor). If tho previous question had been moved at on carly otago of tho disons* sion, I do not know whether, with tho viow I toko, I should not hnvo voted for it. But stnoo tho dismission has beon oponed, I cannot regard tho nmondment of my hon. friond oxnofly in tho light of a motion for tho pro. vlntts question j although it ls a ronsonnblo nmondment, asking, not thnt no verdict shall bo pronounced, but thnt thoro shall bo delay in pronouncing a vordlct; and ho asks for delny upon tho assumption thnt wo aro ignorant of tho terms of penco, and that wo ought to lift mado aoqunintod with them, and to consldor thom boforo wo pronounce our vcrdlot. With rospcot to tho nrlglnnl motion, I onnnot rognrd tho question whioh it raison ns on abstract question : ovon if I did no regard it, I could not bring mysolf,-lt mny bo from prejudice, it may ho from kindly foelltigs towards old friends,-to say, ns nn abitrnot proposition, that I think Lord Clorondon doti, clent in forosight or Lord Pnhnorstondoflclontin energy, fChoors.) But this is not nn nbstrnat quostion, lt must ho rogardod with roforonco both to olrsumstauoos nnd lo timo. Now, with regard to oirotinivtanoos, thero was great truth and justloo In tho opinion pronounced liv an impartial nnd intelligent spoolntnr, Gonoral Mnimllold, that tho cnuse of tho fall nf karn ls quito obvions, I to soys that it won nooossnry, until Sebastopol hod hoon talion, to koop onnoontrntlng in front nf Sebastopol overy Mugtlsh, overy Fronoh, evory Snrdlnlnn,ovory Turkish soldier thnt could bo obtained ! thnt tho campaign lu tho Crimea nnd on thu Asintió frontier, including Knrs, must ho regarded ns owholo; that tho oontro nnd kev of tho ntitlro oporatlon wns Sebastopol, to Willoh Knrs, howover important, wan but secondary ) and (hat thu result was nut nt all surprising wo sitaocodod nt tho point where our united nuerglos woro concentrated, nnd wo fulled at tho extroinlty to which wo could not dlraot any nsslstniino. flonmnl MmiBflnlil mids that ho had pi'mllotod tim rosiitt . but thnt tho gallant feat of nnns by whloh Karn was mudded to hold out prevented tho iidvnnoo of tho Russian nrmy ono yard further than Kurs, mid thnt If Sebastopol lind not fulton wo should, this spring, lu cnnsoqliotiou of tho (lofeuoo ol' Kurs, hnvo openml tho campaign iii Asia with tho brightest prospects. Then, in considering this motion, time is not to ho disregarded, il do not wish, to anticipate tho discussion upon tho articles of peace, i hut J cannot forget that ; peaco is 'ratified, that it was proclaimed yesterday, thnt wo are' cognizant of its terms, and,'looking nt thosotorms, I must say that, in my humble judgment, all the objects, tho principal objects of the war, hnvo been fully' cchioved, and thnt ' tho peace is honourable to ' the country. (Choors.) Without wasting tho timo of tho house by entering ut any length into this subjoct, I must give them in a short summary of tho terms wo have obtained. The Principalities-tho occupation of which by Russia was tho pretext, the cause of tho war-are rescued from tho grasp of Russia, and to thom is added tho half of Bessnrabia: tho fort of Ismail, long occupied by Russia, is rostorad to tho Principalities ; tho free navigation of tho Danubo is guaranteed by Europa ; tho commerce of tho Euxino is opened to the world ; tho Russian Hoot in tho Euxino is annihilated, no military arsenals on tho coast of tho Euxine, no military fortress on its eastern shore which have hoon destroyed, aro to bo rebuilt ; tho standing monaco to Sweden, Bomarsund and tho Aland Isles, is not again to bo fortified ; tho standing menace to Turkey, Sebastopol, is in ruins ; Kars is rostorcd to tho Turks without nn equivalent, tho progress of Russian aggrandisement is arrosted, tho independonco and integrity of Turkey nro secured under tho gunrnntco and panoply of Europe (Choers.) These aro tlio leading conditions of peace I have, without partiality, censurod wherever I thought censure was due ; but I think it would bo ungenerous to tho Administration which lins conducted tho war to a conclusion, upon such a day ns this, under circumstances suoh ns 1 hnvo feebly doscribed, to doolaro that it is altogether unworthy of the confldonco of tho country and has failed in forosight and energy. For theso reasons I Bhall noither voto for tho amondmcnt nor for the motion. (Cheers.) 