P. T. BARNUM. WE have just received a copy of the " LIFE OF BARNUM, written by himself." Of course the majority of our readers have heard of this ex traordinary man, who has risen to great afflu- ence by the most singular and novel methods which ever, perhaps, entered into the imagina- tion of man. We shall make a few extracts from time to time from his writings, feeling assured that it will prove amusing to our readers:- GENERAL TOM THUMB. I had heard of a remarkable small child in Bridgeport; and by my request my brother brought him to the hotel. He was the smallest child I ever saw that could walk alone. Hte was not two feet in height, and weighed less than sixteen pounds. He was a bright-eyed little fellow, with light hair and ruddy cheeks, Was perfectly healthy, and as symmetrical as an Apollo. He was exceedingly bashful; but after some coaxing he was induced to converse with me, and informed me that his name was Charles S. Stratton, son of Sherwood E. Stratton. He was only five years old, and to exhibit a dwarf of that age might provoke the question, How do you know that he is a dwarf? Some license might, indeed, be taken with the facts; but even with this advantage I really felt that the adventure was nothing more than an expe- riment, and I engaged him for the short term of four weeks, at three dollars per week-all charges, including travelling and boarding of himself and mother, being at my expense. They arrived in New York on Thanksgiving Day, December 8, 1842; and firs. Stratton was greatly astonished to find her son heralded in my Museum bills as GENERAL TOM THUMB, a dwarf of eleven years of age, just arrived from England! This announcement contained two deceptions. I shall not attempt to justify therm, but may be allowed to plead the circumstances in extenua tion. The boy was undoubtedly a dwarf, and I had the most reliable evidence that he had grown little, if any, since he was six months old; but bad I announced him as only five years of age, it would have been impossible to excite. the interest or awaken the curiosity of the public. The thing I aimed at was, to as- sure them that he was really a dwarf—and in this, at least, they were not deceived. It was of no consequence, in reality, where he was-born or where he came from ; and if the announcement that he was a foreigner answered my purpose, the people had only themselves to blame if they did not get their money's worth when. they visited the exhibition. I had ob- served (and sometimes, as in the case of Vivalla, had taken advantage of) the American fancy for European exotics; and if the decep- tion, practised for a season in my dwarf expe- riment, has done anything towards checking our disgraceful preference for foreigners, I may readily be pardoned for the offence I here ac- knowledge. I took great pains to train my diminutive prodigy, devoting many hours to that purpose, by day and by night, and succeeded, because he had native talent and an intense love of the ludicrous, He became very fond of me. I was, and am yet, sincerely attached to him; and I candidly believe him at this moment to be the most interesting and extraordinary natu- ral curiosity of which the world has any know- lodge. Four weeks expired, and I re-engaged him for a year, at seven dollars per week (and a gratuity of fifty dollars at the end of the agree- ment), with privilege of exhibition in any sec- tion of the United States. His parents were to accompany hilm, and I was to pay all travelling expenses. Long before the year was out, I voluntarily increased his weekly salary to twenty- five dollars—and he fairly earned it, for he speedily became a public favourite. I frequently exhibited him for successive weeks in my Museum ; and when I wished to intro- duce fresh novelties there, I sent him to nume- rois cities and towns in many of the States, ac- companied by my friend, Fordyce Hitchcock. In the meantime I had entirely paid for the American Museum, and entered into an agree- ment with Gen. TOX THUMB for his services another year, at fifty dollars per week and all expenses, with the privilege of exhibition in Europe. On Thursday. January 18, 1844, I stepped on board the new and splendid packet-ship Yorkshire, Captain D. G. Bailey, bound for Liverpool. My party consisted of Gen. TOM THUMB, both his parents, his tutor, Professor Guillauden, the French naturalist, and myself. The city brass band kindly volunteered to escort us to Sandy Hook, and we were accom- panied by many of our personal friends. At half-past one o'clock, the bell of one of the steamers that towed our ship down the bay, announced the hour of separation. There was the usual bustle, tie rapidly-spoken yet often-repeated words of farewell, the cordial grip of friendship—and I acknowledge that I was decidedly in "the melting mood." My name has so long been used in con- nection with incidents of the mirthful kind, that many persons, probably, do not suspect that I am capable of sorrowful emotion, and possibly the general tenor of these pages nay confirm the suspicion. No doubt my natural bias is to merriment, and I have encouraged my inclina- tion to "comedy," because enough of" tragedy" will force itself upon'the attention of every one in.spite of his efforts to the contrary; yet I should be either more or less that human, were I incapable of serious thought, or did I not frequently indulge in the sober me litation which becomes the solemn realities of life. I do not now refer only to scenes of parting with friends, or of leaving country or home for a few months, or even years, but I speak of the ordinary occasions of experience. I have had, and hope always to have, my seasons of loneli- ness and even sadness; and, though many people may not see how my profession of "a showman" can be made to appear consistent with my profession of another kind, I must claim having always revered the Christian re- ligion. I have been indebted to Christianity for the most serene happiness of my life, and I would not part with its consolations for all things else it the world. In all my journeys as "a showman," the Bible has been my com- panion, and I have repeatedly read it atten- tively, from beginning to end. Whether I have or have not been profited by its precepts, is a question not here to be considered; but the scriptural doctrine of the government of God and its happy issue in the life to come, has been my chief solace in affliction and sorrow, and I hope always to cherish it as my greatest treasure. The "melting mood " twas upon me, for the pathway of the ship was toward the wide sea with its deep mysteries, and my heart clung to my family and home. I successively grasped for the last time the hand of each parting friend as he passed to the tow-boat, and I could not restrain my emotion; and when the band struck up " Home, sweet Homel " my tears flowed thick and fast. The distance between the ship and the steamer rapidly increased. We stood on the quarter-deck, waving our handkerchiefs, and when the strains of " Yankee Doodle" floated over the waters and distinctly saluted us, we all gave three cheers, and I wept freely, over- powered as I was with mingled feelings of re- gret and joy. At two o'clock the pilot left us, and thus was broken the last visible living link that bound us to our country. The voyage to Liverpool has so frequently been described in print, that I shall abstain from entering into details. Abundant material is before me, in the first two of a series of one hundred letters which I furnished while in Europe, as correspondent of the New York Atlas, but I shall do no more than transcribe or adopt such facts and adventures as will serve to keep up the chain of my history. In consequence of calms and some adverse winds, we were nineteen days on the passage. Never was there a better nor a more admirable captain. Only a few of the passengers were called upon for the customary sacrifice to Nep- tune or the fishes--and, contrary to my expec- tations, I was one of the party exempted. Good fellowship prevailed, and the time passed with suflicient rapidity, and some jokes. Our fellow-passengers were chiefly English merchants from Canada. One of the number reckoned himself as A No. 1, and frequently hinted that he was a little too "cute" for any Yankee. Ile boasted so often of his shrewd- ness, that a Yankee friend on board and my- self resolved to give it a test before we arrived. On tile tenth day of our passage, an oppor- tunity offered itself. We were nearly be- calmed, and the time hung heavily on our hands. I thought of an old Yankee trick, which I concluded to try on John Bull. So, having contrived the matter with my brother Yankee from New York, I proceeded to put it execution. Coming out of my state-room in great apparent pain, from an obdurate tooth, I asked the steward it there was an instrument in the medicine chest for extracting a painful masticator. Being answered in the negative, I inquired of my fellow-passengers what was good for the toothache. My Yankee friend (and confederate) recommended heating to bacco, and holding it to my face. I therefore borrowed a little tobacco, and putting it in a paper of a peculiar colour, placed it on the stove to warm. I then retired for a few minutes, during which time the Yankee pro- posed playing a trick on me by emptying the tobacco, and filling the paper with ashes. The passengers liked the joke, and the Englishman thought it would be very fine, and he at once threw the tobacco in the fire, and put ashes in its stead. I soon appeared, and with much gravity placed the paper to my face, and commenced walking up and down the cabin, the very pic- ture of misery. The passengers found much difficulty in concealing their mirth. In my pocket I had a paper containing tobacco, and as that paper was of the same colour as the one I held to my face, I contrived to change it while I was at the further end of the cabin. Presently, the merry Englishman cried out "Mr. Barnum, what have you got in that paper?. "Tobacco," I replied. "What will you bet it is tobacco?" said the Englishman. " Oh, don't bother me," said I ; "my tooth pains me sadly; I know it is tobacco, for I put it there myself." " I'll bet you a dozen of champagne that it is not tobacco," said the Englishman. "Nonsense," I replied, "I will not bet, for it would not be fair; I know it is tobacco." " I'll'bet you fifty dollars it is not," said John Bull, and he counted ten 'sovereigns upon the table. " I'll not bet the money," I replied, " for I tell you I know it is tobacco; I placed it there myself." " You dare not bet," he rejoined. At last, merely to accommodate him, I bet a dozen of champagne. The Englishman jumped with delight, and roared out— " Open the paper I open the paper I" The passengers crowded round the table in great glee to see me open the paper, for all but the Yankee thought I was taken in, I quietly opened the paper, and remarked " There, I told you it was tobacco--how fool- ish you were to suppose it was not—for I put it there myself !" The passengers looked blank for a moment it was but a moment, and then the laugh turned against the Englishman with redoubled force. I never saw a man look so foolish in my life as he did. The biter was bit. He could not speak for five minutes. At last he called to the steward to bring on the champagne, and turning to my fellow-countryman, he remarked with most chopfallen disdain, " It was a con- temptible Yankee trick !" Several days elapsed before he recovered his good-humour. At last, however, he laughed as heartily at the joke as any of us, but he bragged no more of his extra On the eighteenth day out the, cry of " Land he !" brought us to the deck in great glee. Tile snow-capped mountains of Wales soon ap- peared in sight, and in three hours we were safely in the Liverpool docks. A large throng of persons were gathered upon the wharves, and many were anxiously inquiring for Tom Thumb, as it had previously been announced in Liverpool that he would arrive it the York- shire. Ils mother managed to smuggle him on shore without being noticed, for they little thought that he was small enough to be car- ried in arms, like an infant. Our baggage was taken to the custom-house, and, after paying duty on everything we could not swear was of English manufacture, we were permitted to depart. We took apartments at the Waterloo Hotel—best it the city—and after paying some half-dozen porters half-a. crown each, for looking at our luggage, for not half that number touched it, we washed down our indignation with a bottle of port, and dined upon a noble sirloin of English roast beef, ac- companied with a rich delicacy known as " fried soles and shrimp sauce." After discussing dinner, I walked out to take a look at the town. A few squares brought me to the Nelson monument. While admiring its many beauties, a venerable-looking, well- dressed old gentleman, kindly volunteered to explain to me the various devices and inscrip- tions. His whole soul appeared centred in that pillar raised to perpetuate the fame of a noble and valiant hero. As he went on explaining the many interesting details so elegantly set forth in this great work of art, I found myself becoming singularly attached to him. I had heard much of the coldness and haughty bear- ing of the English people, and I was rejoiced to be able so soon to testify that they had been seriously slandered. Here, said I to myself, is one of their own soldiers, no doubt wealthy and respected, who kindly volunteers to come with the most friendlly familiarity, and devote and hour to a stranger in pointing out the beauties of a noble pile, which gratifies his and his country's patriotism and pride. I began involuntarily to guess how much he was worth, and at last set down his income at £10,000 per annum. Human nature rose at least I hundred degrees in my estimation as I reflected that an "old English gentleman " could at once be so wealthy and so kind and disinterested. I already expected every moment to be invited to spend a week at his mansion, and to ride about the city in his splendid equipage, and therefore I gave him a parting bow of thanks, half ashamed that I had so long trespassed on his kindness, when he extended his hand, and in the voice of a mendicant remarked that he would bi thankful for any remuneration I thought fit to bestow for his trouble! My pretty vision of all his greatness was an- nihilated, and thrusting Ia shilling into his hand, I walked away with a rapid pace, giving an extra pull to the strings of my purse as I slipped it into my pocket, Before I had pro ceeded five rods my ideas of the magnanimity of human nature fell twenty degrees below zero, and I set it down as an established fact, that in England it costs two and sixpence to look at a man, and just a crown to speak to him. It was a first impression merely, and I soon had reason to remember that there are "queer fish" hailing from other than British waters. Towards evening of the same day, a tall, raw-boned man called on me at the hotel. He introduced hmself by saying that he was a brother Yankee, and would be happy in pointing out the many wonders in Liverpool that a stranger would be pleased to see, I asked him how long lie had been in Liverpool, and he replied, "Nearly a week!'' I declined his proffered services abruptly, re marking, that if lie had been there only a week, I probably knew as much about Eng- land as lie did. "Oh," said lie, "you are mistaken. I have been in England before, though never till re cently in Liverpool." " What part of England?" I inquired. "Opposite Niagara Falls," he replied "I spent several days there with the British sol- diers." "I laughed in his face, and reminded him that England did not lie opposite Niagara Falls. The impudent fellow was confused for a moment, and then triumphantly exclaimed "I didn't mean England. I know what country it is as well as you do." " Well, what" country is it?" I asked, quite assured that lie did not know. "Great Britain, of coarse," said he. It is needless to add that the honour of his company as a guide in Liverpool was declined, and he went off apparently in a huff because his abilities had not been appreciated. The preceding interviews may have had some influence in depressing my spirits, by lowering my estimate of human nature, and merriment was not greatly promoted by still another inci- dent of the same day, and later in the evening. I was called upon by the proprietor of a cheap show of wax-figures at three halfpence admission. Having heard of the arrival of the American curiosity, he had taken the earliest opportunity to make proposals for the engage ment of tile General and myself, at about ten dollars per week, to add somewhat to the at- tractions of his already remarkable exhilbition ! I could but laugh at the novelty of the joke, and yet there was a sadnesse setttling down upon me in the thought that dwarfs were at rather a low figure in the fancy-stocks of England. Un- der other circumstances, the shadow on my path would have speedily passed away, but a sort of home-sickness had taken hold of me, and the world began to look very dark. I was a stranger in a strange land. My letters of introduction had not yet been delivered. Out- side the little circle of my own company, I had not seen a familiar face nor heard a familiar voice. The crowded streets of Liver- pool were gradually deserted as the veil of night was being drawn over the earth. I felt all alone, and, at the risk of being laughed at, I must acknowledge that I had a solitary hearty crying-spell! My dreams that night were of "Home, sweet home." There was a gleam of sunshine next morning. It was in the following note: "Madame Celeste presents her compliments to Mr. Barnum, and begs to say that her pri- vate box is quite at his service, any night, for himself and friends." "Theatre Royal, Williamson Square." This polite invitation was thankfully ac- cepted on the evening of its reception. In the box adjoining that of Celeste (occupied by my party, including the General, who was partly concealed by hs tutor's cloak) sat an English lady and gentleman whose appearance indicated the respectability of both intelligence and wealth. The General's interest in the performance attracted their attention, and the lady remarked to me "What an intelligent-looking child you have! He appears to take quite an interest in the stage." "Pardon me, madam," said I, "this is not a child. This is General Tom Thumb." "Indeed !" exclaimed both the lady, and the gentleman in a breath. They had seen the announcements of our visit, which had largely preceded us, and what they had heard of the pigmy-prodigy was more than confirmed by what they saw. The reality of their gratifi- cation could not be questioned, for they imme- diately advised me, in the most conmplimentary and argent terms, to bring the General to Manchester, (where they resided,) with the as- surance that his exhibition in that place would be highly profitable. Here, thought I, is a fair offset to tile de- pressing proposal of the wax-figure man; these respectable people know how to appreciate a curiosity. It is not remarkable, therefore, that I forthwith had pleasing visions of pros- perity among the Cotton Lords of Manchester. I thanked my new friends for their counsel and encouragement, and ventured to ask them what price they would recommend for admis- sion. " Tile General is so decidedly a curiosity," said the lady, " that I think you might put it as high as top-pence" (two-pence). She was, however, promptly interrupted by her husband, who was evidently the economist of the family. " I am sure you would not suc- ceed at that price," said hie "you should put a imission at one penny, for that is the usual price for seeing giants and dwarfs in England." Worse and more of it ! " What a Fall was there, my countrymen !" But the reaction promptly brought mile to my feet ; the old spirit was awakened ; I was myself again ; and I an- swered, "Never shall the price be less than one shilling sterling, and some of the nobility and gentry of England will yet pay gold to see General Tom Thumb !" (To e continued.) "THE THING." -"Pray," said an inquisi- tive old bachelor to ayoung lady, "prey why do you ship and unship those blue what-d'ye- call-ems? " " O, you see, sir," replied the damsel, " veils are vulgar; fulls have gone out of fashion; but these are quite the thing ! " "And very ugly things, too," rejoined the testy old fellow; "I've been taken in by them several times. They provoke curiosity; and whenever I've contrived to gratify it, the re- ward has not repaid the trouble. It's not the pretty girls that go ghosting about in uglies ! " Emily raised her little hand to box his oars ; and ho put it aside with a—" Oh! present com- puny, of course, excepted." 