To the Editor of the Sydney Morning Herald, dib,-j. venture to claim a further space in your columns, in illustration of the practical utility of a second Chamber as part of our new Constitution. Looking to the two great countries where free government is in its highest state of operation. we find in England a second Chamber, under the designation of the House of Lords in the United States of America, a second Chamber under the designation of the Senate. I Informing our new Constitution, the reasoning of our then legislators appears to have been somewhat after this fashion Our glorious British Constitution has its second Chamber ; nay, even republican | America has her second Chamber ; therefore it is fit and proper that New South Wales should also be provided with this inevitable sus qua non of constitutional government. But those who examine further into the question perceive that it is not in the mode or form of representing, but in the thing actually represented, that the specific utility of a second Chamber consists in the British Constitution the House of Lords is really an estate of the realm, endowed with exclusive privileges, and standing between the Crown and the Commons, and it represents the aristocratic element of the monarchy, in the United States the House of Representatives embodies the democratic principle, as the Senate embodies the federal principle of the re- public. In either case, something more is gained than the mere placing of two bodies of men in different apartments something distinct and tan- gible-and constituting a practical and legitimate antagonism. But, in New South Wales, what have we to represent by means of a second Chamber, that is not equally and much more efficiently represented by means of the Lower House? To this plain question I should like a plain reply. If, as a " Colonist " argues, we should resort to pre- cedents, to determine the mode in which to construct a second Chamber, it is surely open to us to analyze the nature of those precedents, and the result of such analysis is fatal to the practical utility of a second Chamber, as part of our colonial Constitution, It is, I apprehend', quite a mistake to attempt to vitalise this effete and useless encumbrance by a popular form of election. Left to the nominative principle, the second Chamber must soon, for all useful or practical purposes, die a natural death. Constructed on the elective principle, it may , last a little while longer, but only to give up the ghost Under circumstances of greater dishonour. There are, I doubt not, many persons who desire a second Chamber, or Upper House, for the sake of the rank and social distinction which appointments to that body may be supposed to confer. But the bastard aristocracy thus attempted to be created, will not only be useless and contemptible in itself, but its natural desire to sustain its existence, and perpetuate its honours, will force it into service subserviency to the Lower House, where real power exists. Where then, I again ask, under those highly probable circumstances, would be the boasted check and constitutional antagonism ? I notice in various electioneering addresses, with which aspiring candidates seek to captivate the popular ear, that much stress is laid upon the fact of their predilection for an elective Upper House. This is really a lamentable delusion. It would be much more to the purpose if these gentlemen declared their intention to vote for the abolition of the Upper House. I suspect, after all, that our chief reliance must be upon those men of " energy, originality, and action," whose advent to the new Parliament seems to be anticipated with so much gusto by the learned but somewhat of over-sanguine member for Cook and Westmoreland. I am. Sir, your obedient servant, ANOTHER COLONIST. Sydney, 31st January, 1859. 