MR. HUMFFRAY AND THE PRESS. IK another column will be found a j report of Mr Humffray's meeting at the Charlie Napier Assembly Room | on Thursday" last, on which occasion | that gentleman made an apology to this journal for the injudicious and unfounded statements he made in the Council during the last session, in re ference to Captain Vignoles and the now famous " ghost ca6e." Though somewhat tardily rendered, Mr Hum ffray's apology is so far satisfactory, as it acknowledges .that the statements made by us in reference to the matter, and as a consequence those of a simi lar nature made by the other journals of the colony were substantially cor rect. In making an apology for his own mis-statements, Mr Humffray expres ses a hope that we will return the compliment, and apologise to him for having asserted that he had ever withdrawn his motion. If Mr Hum ffray can show that what we stated is incorrect, we will give him. all rea sonable satisfaction. The words used by us were, " -When the day of questioning arrived, Mr Humffray withdrew his motion." That this is substantial!}' correct, we have already shown in a previous article. M r Humff ay in a speech at the tar Hotel à shoit time ago, stated that the question, with re ference to Captain Vignoles, which he ssked pf the Attorney-General on the 15th January, was to- have been re newed on the 18th. On the 17th, Mr. Humffray rose in his seat in the Council and said, that the charges made by the Press were incorrect. On the 18th, the question was not renewed as promised. It must, therefore, have been with drawn, ry whom? By Mr Hum ffray, of course. We do not see what other inference can roaso :ably be drawn from the facts. Mr Humffray, if he wishes to quibble, may say,, .that though the motion was withdrawn, he did not formally withdraw it, he merely allowed it to fall to the ground. Of course, such a defence-and it is the only one-is quite open to Mr Hum ffray, and he may make what use of it he thinks fit. He must produce some thing more substantial, however, before he can receive from us the apology he demands. ? ? '1 