LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. AMKIVEKSART -TI e first anniversary ser- vices in connection with the place of worship oc copied by the Wesleyan Free Church, Murray *treet, will tab« place to-morrow, when sermons *ill be preached morning and evening at eleven .u six. In the afternoon there will be a special »nice tor Sabbath school children. RELIOIOOS SERVICES -We are informed that several ministers of the city intend holding an <>pea sir religious service near the paddock gate to-morrow (Sunday) afternoon, about half past toree o'clock. The sympathy and attendance of .II ara desired. BETHEL.-The Rev. Karr Johnstone Is ex- pected to preach at the Bethel, to- morrow aft er- ivon. Service to commence at 3 o'clock. Seamen .fe invited. NEW BARRISIEE -On Wednesday, Mr Wilber «?rce »tephen, *ho i*. we und«rstand, a relative of «w Alfred Stephen, waa admitted aa a barrister £n'y m the supreme court of ¡Van Dieinen's -POBXICAK-S.-We were yesterday waited on, by "'.Joseph Walker, and Mr. Elijah Lannis, in werence to a letter in this journal of that date. "". Walker informed us that he, and not Mr W.UÏÏ8' "" the landlord of the «. Marquis of Waterford", and had been so ainoe the last transfer {"*. .»* that Sir. Luarus had not the slightest UJ ,' iD tne D0UW M'« Losaros ia the land flI.?LtDe"P*"cock" andexjieots a transfer of ki,j Wat*rl»o Hotel", which at present ia in the Banns of the assignee of Symona' eaUte, on the J««t transfer day. The lease and license of the «».hange Tavern"., ara both io the banda of the F«» ^landlord, the lease having; expired in ?Kr<v '.* ^ * _ HANX^OÏ AUSTRALASIA.--This bank will be closer] on Tuesday1 the 14th,1 and Wednesday1 the 15th¡ instant, for the purpose of'bul'incing the ! books for the yar. VICTIMS/-Yesteiday Arthur Craufurd pleadeil guilty to drunkenness, and wat fined a pound. Bo aannald Kelly, for being drunk, and nut able to stand, on Thursday night, was mulct in a penalty of two pounds for a second offence. Janet Ed- wards, a New Town inebriate, also fined £2, or, in default, a month's hard labour. r ' ASSAULT.--A woman named Mary Rogers yes- terday prosecuted Joseph Rogers, her husband's brother, for assaulting her on the evening of the 6th instant. The evidence was to the effect that defendant kicked her on the back,and then knocked her about in the street. The defendant told a long "rigmarole" about complainant's misunderstand- ings with her husband, and the provocation she gave him by spitting in his face. He called con- stable Vickers, who said defendant fetched him on Monday night to the complainant, who was under the influence of liquor. Witness did not see de- fendant strike her. Fined five shillings and costs. POLICE Cn AN a ES.-We understand upon good authority, that it ia in contemplation to re-model the police of this country, with the view of assimi- lating it to the police system of South Australia ; and it is the general opinion that any ohange will be for the better, especially if an active and efficient Inspector.General be appointed. THE FORGERY ON THE COMMERCIAL BANK. Thomas Schuh, the foreigner, who wis captured on Monday last, af'er a smart chase, lor forging a i cheque on the Commercial Bank far £75, m the 1 name of Mr. Bisdee, was yesterday brought up at the police court, and, at the instance of constable I Bailey, remanded until Tuesdiy next for production of witnesses, ABSCOMOERS -A ticket-of leave man pleaded guilty yesterday before Messrs Forster and Giblin to a charge of absconding from Mr. Barton's ser- vice, Glenorchy, and was sentenced to twelve months* hard labour. William Jones, passholder, for a like offence of absconding, also received sen- tence of twelve months. James Maclauglan, ab- sconding in April last from Messrs Degraves' ser- vice, pleaded guilty, and, in reply to the bench, said he left because his place did not s-uit lum. (A laugh ) He had since been working as a free maa on the Risdon ferry for three months. (A laugh.) Sentenced to eighteen months' hard labour, A BREA« OUT.-James Kearns, a middle aged man, prisoner of the crown, late a pntient at Her Majesty's general hospital, was yesterday tried be- fore Thomas Giblin, E>¡q , who offiViated for the lion member elect for Cambridge, on a charge of misconduct, in breaking out of the hospital at nine o'clock on Thursday night, and pleaded guilty. He said he went for some clothes District consta- ble Holton said he found a man on a house in Watchom-street, concealed in a cupboard, in a state of nudity. Sentenced to one month's impri- sonment, WAGES.-A German named Ludwig Muth 6um moned Mr, John Conrad Sommer of Barraok street, painter, for non-payment of £6 13s. 6d. wiges. A Germ.in, member of the constabulary, (P.C. 84.i was sworn to interpret .Mr. Brewer for the defence. In December last Mr. Sommer engaged Mutti as painter at day work, eight shil- lings a day. Ile worked till last Saturday, and he now claimed £6 13s. 6d. wages front the 17th August. He had asked Mr. Sommer twice for the money, but he «aid he had not the money una could not pay him. Mr. Brewer examined the defendant, who stated that complainant was on wee-ly wages at £1 Sa. Od. per werk. He told Muth PS he was not to receive his money till the job was done he would have to let the money stand; be was satisfied with that arrangement All that he owed him was £6, and when he asked for wages witness did not refuse to pay him. The justices made an order for £6, and allowed a weelc to pay it in. The parties then changed places, Muth being charged by Sommer with having, on the 6th October, absented himself from his service without leave. Sommer swore that defendant had given him no notice to leave, but admitted, on cross-examination that Muth told him he would not work any more unless he got his wages. The justices dismissed the case. THE POEMS OF OSSIAN.-It has become fashi- onable to abuse the poema of Ossian, "but-admit» ting their forgery as well as faulkness-they seem to us, in their better passages, to approach more nearly than any modern English prose to the force, vividness, and patriarchal simplicity and terderness of the Old Testament style. Lifting up like a cur- tain the mists of the past, tbey show us a world unique and intensely poetical, peopled by heroes, bards, maidens, and ghosts, who are swathed in mist, and separated by their mountains from all countries and ages save their own. It is a great picture painted in clouds instead of canvass, and invested with colours as gorgeous as its shades are dark. Its pathos has a wild sobbing in it-an ¿Solora tremulonsness of tone, like the wail of spi rits* And then Ossian himself, the last of his race, -answering the planets of the wilderness, the plover's shriek, the " hiss" of the homeless stream, the bee in the heather bloom, the rustle of the birch above his head, the roar of the cataract be- hind, in a voice of kindred freedom and kindred melancholy conversing less with the little men around him than with the giant spirits of his fathers -we have few finer figures in the whole region of poetry. Ossian, in short, ranks with the " Rob- bers" and the "Seasons" as a work of prodigil beauties and more prodigal faults, and partly through both, has impressed the world.-BAKDS oo THE BIBLE, WHALES -Yesterday morning two whales, one apparently much larger than the other, were seen spouting off Kangaroo Bluff ; six boat*, three of which belonged m o " Terror," two to the "Nautilus,'' and ou" to the "Elisabeth Jane" immediately started in pursuit, but in consequence of the high wind blowing, and the sudden disap- pearance seaward of both whales, the chase was fruitless. THE JEWS.-On Thursday ls*t, the 9th instant, all the members of the Jewish community, both here and in every other part of the world, had their places of business closely shut up, and no work of any description performed at their homes. On this occasion a solemn propitiatory fast is held by them, with public prayer in all their places of worship. This day is termed, in the Hebrew language, the Day of Atonement, or reconciliation. It was or- dained in the time of Moses by eommand of God. Vid» Exodus, chap. xxx. verse 101 Levit, oh, xvi. v. 1. 27. 30. cb. xxvi. v. 26. eh xxxi, v. 261 and Numb., oh. xxix. v. 7, It is to the Jews a fast literally, and not a period of abstinence merely, no food whatever being partaken of from the com . mencement, on the evening previous, until the con- clusion, at the end of the day following. Anciently the Scape Goat, bearing the sins of the people, was conveyed to an uninhabited country and barren desert, where it was, as tradition informs us, cast from a precipice and dashed to pieces. On this day the High Priest-in his sacerdotal vestments, adapted expressly for these occasions-made ac- knowledgment in the holy place of the sins of his people, and there made also propitiation for thom ¡ in reference to which it is said, as the Hebrew ex- presses it, " Happy the eye that beheld all these, for verily to hear only of them afflicts our soul." On this occasion, also, the whole congregation confess their sins and crave forgiveness of their iniquities. The whole of the days service is most solemn and impressive, and we cannot refrain'from quoting one portion, whieh has been rendered as literally as possible from the ancient language of that people-'* O, my God I before I was matured, I'was unworthy ; and now that I have been formed, I ara as though I had not been so : dust am I in ] my lifetime-how much more st my decease ! Be» hold me before tbee, O Eternal my God, and the God of my fathers 1 as an object full of shame and . confusion. Ob, may it be acceptable in thy pre» sence, O Lord my God, and the God of my fa- thers I to assist me that I Bin no more, and wipe away tho sins I have committed against thee, through thy mercy, but not by severe chastise- ments. - And further-"What shall we say in thy presence, O thou who dweliest on hight or what shall we declare unto thee, who residest above the skies-surely thou knowest the secrets of the world« and the moat hidden privacies of sll living ; so that there is nothing concealed, nor anything hid. den from thy sight. O, may it be acceptable in thy presence, O Eternal our God and the God »f our fathers I to pardon all our «ins, forgive all our iniquities, and to remit and pardon all our trans- gressions."- COMMUNICATED. 