DUNGOG. Our district is- going a-head in spite of all opposition. The New Company's' splendid steamers-have already done something towards diverting: the land carriage towards- the- head of navigation. It is to be hoped that the Fenella will be' well managed, and a better look out kept than appears to-be' aboard iUo. 1— Tir I'llv vlU vvlljpttUj 8? VCtSQultn »V v llltU itu vQUlvy lcttviy Ui' seeing the kind of men appointed as- Captains to» some of their boats. One of this river's boats for instance, called the- Ben Bolt, — a perfect model of naval architecture,— came into1 Raymond Terrace with her gallant commander standing well forward on the hurricane deck, holding a long white tobacco pipe in his hand, which had but a restless berth of it 'twixt the- Hps of the smoker, who was alternately smoking, the ffavotrr of the far famed leaf and bawling ottt orders- with' as- much pomposity and gravity as if be had been leading an English man o'-war against a Russian line-ot-battile ship: We- must, however; admit that although his lighted were as hazy as a frosty morn' ho- committed no error whatever during the trip, and merely afforded us an- hour's amusing study of) humcm nature. New Magistrates;; — It is reported that Mr. Darke, Mr. Lowe, and Mr: Farquhar are to be- elevated to the bench forthwith. "WATERLOO DAY."— Out- attention was attracted last week to a notification of a novel entertainment for Waterloo-day, which shews that our district is not averse to British customs. The bill of entertainment is that the performances are under the distinguished patronage of Mr. Beardmore; and goes on to say that Mr. Bradley will dance the new Yankee Hornpipe, assisted by Mr. and Mrs. Ashworthy. Mr. Ashworthy to dance the Spanish Fandango, and his wife, who is to appear as "Meg Merrilies" is to sing "Go ponder well be not severe." The- entertainment to conclude with a grand country dance, a la mode a la Francaise by the whole company. Such novelties are much admired — they are harmless, and give the country folk something to talk of during these long cold winter nights. Health, fulness of' th®: Upper Witliams: — Tt is very remarkable- that the Upper William's- River is- noted for the birth of twins, for- above any other part of the colony, and in' proportion to the number of inhabitants the eircumste nee is- j worthy of- every attention:. Im the Geogrophical Dictionary ; of the colony it is- called the "Twins' Nest.-" I will briefly mention- an. instance im proof of this- which was accidentally | brought under my notice-a- few days ago. " I >o you see," said ' my friend, " that grey headed respectable-looking man walking a little way on; with some children.— Well that man's wife had twins a few days ago. and the wife of one-of his neighbours i had also- twins a while before her." " Why; the-fact is Sir," ; continued my informant, "if any mam wishes to make a> real Joe Manlonoi his wife, let him: come tothe mineral banks- of the William's; There are iron pyrites there in- abundance,, and. she'll, soont'become a fine- double- barrelled fowling piece;" — r mm a' Correspondent- Libel.— In _the case of " Lutwyche v. Fairfax;" a special jury of twelve was applied, for at the Supreme Court by Mr; Isaacs oni the part of the plaintiff. The plaintiff and his1 attorney. filed affidavits in support of the motion. The | Solicitor-General on the part of the defendant did not oppose ftlie application; . but contended that the affidavit of. the plaintiff was- impertinent and uncalled' forv and that the- court should ; discourage the introduction- of affidavits of this kind by directing that the costs of the one now used should not be ; allowed. The affidavit of. the attorney contained all that was sufficient for the motion, and the position- of the plaintiff as a -professional gentleman rendered it less excusable on his -part that lie should file such an affidavit as- he had. The court . granted, the application, at the same time expression-. of its \- opinion, that the plaintiff's- affidavit was quite unnecessary, f Mr. Isaacs thereupon withdrew it. It may be as well to remark that the plaintiff is a barrister, the defendant, : proprietor of the Sydney Morning Herald, and the gist of the libel — - -an attempt to- convey an impression that the plaintiff had slandered the- wonxeu. of this colony Coroner's Inquests;— An inqufest wag- held1 on Wedffsadajr at the Three Tuns Tavern, Klizabeth-street,- by the Coroner, J. S Parker, Esq., on the body of Thomas Lacy, aged 54. who1 was scalded to death. The deceased wag iu the employ of Mr.- Slater, at Longbottom, and had been for twenty years; From' the evidence of Elizabeth Porter, a fellow servant, it appeared1 that about the middle of April last, she asked him'toassist her' in taking a pot of boiling water from an American stove ; but, seeing that he was unable to do it from intoxication, she asked! him to desist, and left him. Shortly after wads, she heard a uoise as of some person1 falling, and on hastening to the spot,-, found the deceased lying over the boiler, which he had capsized he was scalded veiy severely. Di. Houston deposed that the' deceased was admitted into the Infirmary on the 25th April, suffering from the effects of a severe scald ; be received medical treatment till his death on' Tuesday morning. The jury' returned a verdict of ' ' Accidental death. ' ' Another inquest was held on Wednesday by J. S.< Parker, Esq., at Canterbury, on the body of William Henry Bert-ant, a; child about six or' seven- years old, who was drowned in a Waterhole. It appeared that he went to- the well to fetch a can' of water ; his mother being alarmed at his absence, sent his brother in' quest of him ? The latter returned1, saying he could see nothing of him ; thereupon, the mother took a light, rushed1 to' the waterhole,. and there discovered the child's hat floating, on the Water. She exclaimed, " My child is- drowned." Her' cries brought James Warrington, a butcher; to the spot, who by means- of a sapling stick, discovered the body,- got it to the surface, and' brought it to land. Life was quite extinct. The jury returned1 a verdict of "-Found drowned ; but by what means the child got into- the waterhole, there was no evidence to- show." Stabbing..— John Bastellicene, living at Mount Lachlau, was4 brought before the Central Police Magistaate on Monday, charged with stabbing a named James Murphy. On the way to the station he tt tnife from his- pocket, and told- constable Ross who haci mm in charge, that that was the knife with which he wounded Murphy, who had illnsed his;, prisoner's wife, and assaulted him. The prisoner had a wound- on his head at the time, from which blood was- flbwingi James Murphy deposed that on Sunday evening the Wife of the prisoner, who, with her husband lived next door to him, was- drunk, and came several times1 to his- house, and-' Wife abusing and annoying him and his family; as she was4 "Very drunk he took her in his arms- and carried her to liter own door; when, the prisoner rushed out with a knife and stabbed him twice, when1 in self-defence he picked up a stone arid threw at him, but was not aware whether he hit him1 or not: arid he then sent for a constable and gave prisoner into custody. Mr.' Russell, surgeon of Chippendale, deposed, that he had! examined the wounds on the left shoulder' of the prosecutor; which he found were about halt an- inch in length, and one inch in depth, and were probably inflicted by such a' weapon as the knife produced. The prisoner who called a witness itt" defence' was committed for- trial at the next Quarter' Sessions. Consistency and Inconsistency. — At a meeting of Mr Mort's friends held not long since at Rogers Hotel, Bathursty- Mk Mort, after making a very elaborate address to-the meeting.' called upon Mr; S. Samuel to point out the inconsistencies of him (Mr. M.), and the consistency of him' (Mr. S.) Thue' called upon; Mk Samuel established' beyond question both' points : and so well did he do it, that the meeting of MK> Mort's friends and supporters- admitted (perhaps against their will) , the conduct of Mk Samuel, (as regarded the claims-1 of Mk Suttor and Mr: Mort and the difficult position' ill which Mk- Samuel was4 placed) was1 in the highest degree straight forward and commendable. Though we occasionally differed in political opinion with Mr: Samuel, when a member of the late Legislative Council, we were always'firee to admit that he actted' most conscientiously, and supported the iotereste of his- eonBritueiite-mosfe unflinchingly. In fact, with respect to the local interests- of the district, it was impossible for any- ones to be more indefatigable in supporting them. The Hyde; PXrk Nuisance Again. — "We have frequently called' Hie attention of the authoritiesto the fact that a number' of boy9 and young men nightly assemble on the Walks of Hyde Parit.- So far from there being any effective steps taken to prevent the meetings, and to suppress the really obscene- language which takes - place there of au evening, it i&imreality;' growing worse; and? it isnow almost impossible for any female to cross any part of the -course without being subject to the impertinent quiz and remarks4 of a set of scotthdrels? who assemble in knots about the entrances, puffing smoke from4 their cigars regardlessly into-ihe face of any female- who may be alone. Where are the police;, and- cannot one or1' two be stationed on the walks during the early park of the night? Catholic School, Macquarie-street. — The uBual half- yearly examination of the pupils of the above-named school took place on Tuesday, at the school-room, Macquarie- street,. in-the presence of- the Venerable Archdeacon M'Encroe, Reve D; M. 0'Conncll;-M. A..Corish, J. M'Clennan, and Messrs.- W. Creagh, and J: H- J-. Wyies.- The various classes were first- examined, by the teacher;. Mr.'- Molony; after which the visitors4 put sundry questions- to- the boys-of ; the first- class- in> ancient and; modern history, grammar: geography, arithmetic,, and geometry, the answers to- which on the whole,:- were most satisfactory, and evinced zealous care on the part of the- tcaclier in the discharge of his delicate and responsible dtltiess The readiness with which the boys'answered the questionsput to them; particularly in everything relating- to Australia,.. elicited the commendations of their" catechistB? and at the close of the examination- Archdeacon M'Encroe expressed his- gratification' at the proficiency which the pupils generally had" exhibited in their studies-, in the attainment of which, he< conceived theirteacher had,.by- great care -and attention to his- duties,- mainly contributed. Tub- Voluntary System — Itis-not unlikely that'the question of State support to- Teligion will be pretty freely discussed in this1 colony before long. The supporteik-of State endowments have already made some efforts in the matter; The general argu— ; ments, and the most forcible one used against the abolition of State support, is that religion, would be neglected, and that-.- voluntary subscriptions would not be sufficient to 'support it in ;a proper and efficient1 manner; and we have lately been told by1" the highest personage inthe land to look to America for a confirmation of this statement. Here then is- an- Americaa- fact which will at once refute in the fullest possible manner the 1 assertion, so frequently and so confidently put forward. This- statement refers only to- one section ot Christians;- but we- doubt not, if we had the means at hand we should find all to !be similar. We take this extract from The Freeman's Journal of Saturday last, which paperisj-or wasa short time ago infavour ;of State support. We are informed that this- is an; extract read by the Venerable Archdeacon' M'Encroe, at a meeting of the Catholics of Sydney held in St. Mary's- Seminary on the I previous Sunday evening, and it is, taken from a Lecture delivered in Baltimore by the Most "Rev. Dr." Hughes, the Venerable Archbishop of New York.- It speaks volumes- io- j \ 'In favour of the Voluntary System; and it is worthy of remark that the whole, or nearly the whole of what is here stated lias been accomplished in seventy years, — about the same period ' that this colony has been in existence, and yet how little has been done here: a comparison with our American brethren ought to make us blush ; but it must not be forgotten that here we are under the withering influence of State Endow ments: the extract- is as follows: — "What, then, is the con- dition of the Catholic Church as compared with the time of Archbishop Carroll? Seventy years ago, not going out of this r period, in the history of the United States of America was the first occasion on which the Catholic Church was tried by such \- circumstances. What is the condition to-day of the Catholic Church— its population made up of three elements? Two millions, three-hundred and ninety-seven thousand five hun dred souls. Then there were twenty- two or twenty -three Priests: now there are seventeen hundred and sixty-one Priests. Then there was no Bishop to ordain Priests, if there were candidates : now there are seven Archbishops and thirty- five Bishops. There were but the four churches I have men tioned, and now there are nineteen hundred and ten churches, besides other stations where Divine worship is held, to the number of eight hundred and ninety five. Then in the Catholic Church, there was not a Catholic seminary for the training of Levites for the sanctuary : now there are thirty- seven seminaries appropriated exclusively to the training of youth to serve both God and man. Then there were no col leges : now there are twenty-four incorporated by the States in which they are placed. Then we had but one female academy; now we have one hundred and thirty. But it is unnecessary to go on and give other evidences of progress ; these are -sufficient." Hunt's Monument. — The abilities and long and faithful lpublic services of Mr. R. A. Hunt, of the Sydney Post Offiee, are too well known to require eulogy or comment, but it is not so gcnerallj understood that it is principally to him Sydney is indebted for the " Iron pillar letter receptacles " which are -distributed throughout the Metropolis, for the convenience of the inhabitants. There happens to be one of these in the vicinity of St. James Church, on passing which the other <evening, we heard the following conversation between two literary gentlemen, one of whom carried a cross-cut saw over liis shoulder, and the other a basket of carpenter's tools in his hand. ''What's this?" enquired crosscut, pulling up short and gazing steadily at the iron post " Faix an its Misther Post Office Hunt's Monyumint." replied carpenter's tools 41 Why Mr. Hunt is not dead ; I saw him to day at the Post Office rejoined cross-cut. " Maybe 'twas the ghost of him watching the Dead Letter Office ; but anyhow, by de powers, dead or alive, that's Mr. Hunt's Monyumint." Carpenter's tools delivered this finisher in a tone which savored more of a 1>wn bull's delivery, than that of a lady in waiting at the Court of Victoria. Maitlano Fire Brigade. — At a meeting of the committee, held on the 4th instant. Mr. Green in the chair, a considerable sum was handed in by the several collectors, and it was reported that an account had been opened at the hank, and £51 Is. placed to the credit of the brigade. Mr. Gibb stated that he had received £1 Is. from Mr. Bown, with the request that his name should be added to the roll as an honorary member. A code of laws and regulations was adopted, and helmets and other portions of the uniform ot the brigade were to be sent for. The Secretary was instructed to make enquiry of Mr Dickson whether a portion of the land near his. warehouse could be obtained for the site of an cngine- housc.- —Maitland Mercury. 