THE DEATH OF THE COUNCIL. To-day the present Council meets for the last time for the despatch of business, and as honorable members file out of the chamber that has so often resounded to the eloquence of some, and the discordant shrieks with which others have made both night and day hideous, not a few may exclaim with Wolsey, Farewell, a long farewell to all my greatness. We will not on such an occasion invid ously mention the names of those whose exile into private life reconciles us to the loss of others, but altogether the dissolution is certainly matter for con- gratulation. The Council has outlived public respect and public patience, not so much because its career has been other than creditable, as because the feeling has become universal that its structure is such as to make it not a fit Parliament for this colony at this time. Widely different indeed are the feelings with which it was regarded at its birth from those which surround its deathbed. Then we were jubilant at having secured the great boon of separation, and the right to manage our own affairs, even with a mongrel semi-nominee semi representative Council. The improvement was so great upon what had gone before that we greeted the imperfect institution with us all hail. But during the few short years of existence which this Council has enjoyed the whole aspect of society has undergone a change. The population of Victoria is no more that of Port Phillip five years ago than that of England now is that of England at the beginning of the century. The changes of half a century in the mother country, however, in other respects, bear no comparison to those which the present Council has witnessed in Victoria. The national occupation is not what it was. The leading interests of other days have sunk into comparative insignificance, and others, before undreamt of, have risen into supreme importance. In every direction the flood of change, and generally of reform, has swept away old land- marks, and to all intents and purposes the country in which the present Council dies is not the country in which it was born. The old colonist now returning after a five years' absence would recognise neither the buildings of Melbourne nor those that dwell in them. The stone walls and human countenances with which he would find himself surrounded would be alike unfamiliar to him. He would not be able to take his ease at his inn for its very strangeness. If to get rid of his restlessness he resolved to visit the theatre, actors and edifice would equally shock his old notions of what such thing, should be in the colony. If of a litigious spirit, and he went to law, he would find the floor of the court crowded altogether by new lawyers. Here and there among the thick crowd he might detect some old familiar face, but in almost all directions he would find that everything had suffered a change to something new and strange. He would be as little at home as Rip Van Winkle after his protracted slumbers in Sleepy Hollow. It is obvious enough that a Council constructed, and for the most part elected or nominated " before the flood, is not fit for the present post diluvian epoch, and in obedience to the law of progress, it is high time that it should be gathered to the mastodons. Let us not speak or think unkindly, however, of the curious old creature as it lies dying. Out of date and unfit to live as it is in the modern world, it has been a marvel of progressive development in its day, and has wondrously accommodated itself, considering its organism, to the questions that have gone on around it. It has done good service too, has slain various malignant monsters, so Ion" dead now that the new race scarcely knows that they ever existed and having served its purpose, consummated its " mission" by dying and making room for that successor for which it has prepared the way. Let us hope that the new Parliament which is to be hereafter, will be as much in advance of that which now is giving up the ghost as the colony of Victoria is in advance of the Port Phillip District. In the mean- time as we not unreluctantly it must be owned, bid honorable members good bye, are heartily and sincerely thank them for their very considerable past services. 