I MELBOURNE ANNUAL RACES. I I(Front the Argüí.) I FOURTH DAY. Friday, 11th March. I Steeplechase.-A sweepstakes of 10 sovereigns encl with 100 sovereigns added. Bound tho Melbourn Steeplechase Course, and ovor such jumps as th stewards may determine. Weights: three years old »st. 51bs. ; four, lOst. Mba. ; five, 10s». lOlbs. ; six am aged, list. 71bs. Mr. linssell's c. g. Triton, aged (M'Tabart) Mr. J. Norton's u. g. Camel, aged (Kouuet) . . . : The following also started, but were not placed :-Hr G. Wutson's blk. g. Bocket, aged (Owner) ; Mr. G Watson's g. g. Tho Doctor, aged (Gorrie) ; Mr. Johi M'Lean's blk. g. Vanguard, ngod (Abbott, jun.); Mi Joseph Harpur's b. g. Peter Simple, aged (Evans) ; Mr Isaac Key's g. m. Modesty (Green). Betting before tho start:-2 to 1 against'Bocke (taken); 5 to 2 against Triton (taken;; 5 to 2 aguins Vanguard (taken) ; ö to 1 against Peter Simple ; ö to 1 against Doctor (taken;. Mr. Ferrars having got the horses well together, gavi the word to be off. Peter Simple was the first ti respond, and, with Doctor, Bocket, Triton, and Modest; closo in his rear, cleared tho first fence, his exampli being followed without a baulk by all tho othors, Bocke taking up second position immediately afterwards. Tin second jump was taken by all again without refusal Vanguard now appearing in the first line. The nex jump was opposite the judge's «hair, and consisted of i three-rail fence, blinded at the top with green boughs Peter Simple and Bocket cleared it cleverly; not si Vanguard, however, who struck the top rail and fell over throwing his rider heavily, tho fall breaking the poo: fellow's leg, near the anide. Tho horso could not bi caught, and was not seen in the race afterwards. Peter Simple led up to the stone wall, and then, foi tho first time, refused the gutter in front of the jump being apparently a greater obstacle to him than the wall Rocket cleared it, and was directly followed over b; Triton, all tho others refusing. Mr. Watson's hors' now assumed a trifling lead, Triton doing tho adhesivi with wonderful pertinacity, and taking his jumps nbou a length after his rival. The third over the stone wal was the Doctor, who, however, was fully two hundrei yards behind the others when he was again got in gallop ing order.' Rocket was pushed at the brook by Watson but jumped short, and was pulled over by his rider, bu: in the meantime the lead had been taken up by Triton, who, instead of jumping at the brook, took first the lei corner and then the right, by which crooked means b< escaped the ducking which otherwise doubtless awaited him. Mr. Tabnrt, however, misled by the flags, got oil the course, and was compelled to retrace his steps, While doing so, and before he could turn, Rocket was again in front, and the race looked very much like his, The fenco out of tho paddock was jumped, cloverly, but at the next tho horso fell, and, although ho rolled com- pletely over, his accomplished rider never left thc saddle, and brought the animal to his fest before Triton came up. Rocket fell for tho third timo in tcour he sc of tho race at the next fence, and this fall completely stunned Mr. Watson, who was for several minutes un- able to re-mount, and then not without assistance Triton now went in, taking tho remainder of his fences leisurely, and winning in the commonest of cantors. Camel arrived nbout ten minutes .afterwards, his jockoy exhibiting palpable marks of a compulsory bath in the water of the brook referred to. Doctor was regularly bogged forhalf.an-lio'ur,and so completely lind he become screwed to his " sticking-placo" that it required an immonso force to drag him from it. None of tho others went round the course. Tho rider of Triton (Mr. Tabart), was loudly cheered in riding to tho weighing yard, and Mr. Watson was paid a similar compliment on his appearing some quarter of an hour afterwards. Hack Steeplechase.-A sweepstakes of 5 sovereigns each, with 20 sovereigns added. The winner to be sold by auction on the course for ¿'50 ; all above that amount to go. to the fund. Post entry. Mr. Watson's b. g. Nimrod (Clarke) 1 : The following also started, but wero not placed : Mr. F. Stephen's b. g. 'Possum, Mr. Fallon's b. g. Play- boy, Mr. Hankin's b. g. Tommy, and Mr. Abbott's b. g. Walkover. ? 'Possum led over all the fences to Mr/Gray's paddock, when his jockey being, from tile cries of the crowd, under the impression that he was going tho wrong course, made a detour to tho brook, where he remained for some tima; the othors, with tho exception of Nim- rod, who steered by tho " Bull Pup" and was not to be done, following suit. The grey cantered along easily, taking his fences like regular business, and landing the winner. The others arrived about half an hour afterwards. Sweepstakes.-A sweepstakes of 00 sovereigns each, with 100 sovereigns added. Weights: two-years old, a feather; three, äst.; four. Dst. (libs.; five, löst; six and aged, lOst, 41bs. Distance, 3 miles. Mr. John Orr'» br. g. Tomboy (Holmes) . , . 1 Mr. W. Morris's blk. h. Cardinal Wiseman (Tracey). . a , The following oise started, but were not placed by the Judge ;-Mr. W. Greene's c, g. Alma ; Mr. Harpur's b. m. Jeanette (Hayes). This was one of the most important races of the meeting. The betting prior to the start.' was :-3 to 2 against Tomboy (taken) ;. the only other "ot oil in request being Jeanette, who was backed in some quarters at 3 to i. The start having been given, Alma went to the front and made strong running,. Jeanette lying next,, with Tomboy, who had inside place, a little in her rear. At the turn Tamboy had passed the horse, and by .a few strides was by the side of Alma, and immediately after- wards leading. He increased his advantage so rapidly that when by the paddock he had fully three lengths advantage. Holmes holding hard. Tomboy led post tbe Grand Stand, Jeanette-being last. Alma was beaten at that part of thc course opposite to tho Grand Stand, and fell rapidly to the rear, his place being taken up by Car- dinal Wiseman, who was cleverly ridden by Tracey. Tomboy was not to be overhauled, and, notwithstanding all the exertions of Tracey, even increased his advantage, winning with the utmost ease by half-a-dozen lengths. Alma was a very bad third. Time 0 minutes 2 seconds. Garrison Cup, a handicap sweepstakes of 7 sovereings each, with a cup of the value of 100 sovereigns added, the gift of the Officers of the Garrison. Open to nil horses ; to bo handicapped by the Stewards, or whom they may-appoint. Distance, one mile and o half. Mr. Abbott's c. g. Goldnnder,9»t.41bB.(Abbott,jan.) . 1 Mr. Milner'» c. m. Benalla, a feather . . . 2 Tho following «4so started, hut wera not inbred) ?-*Mr, Row's, h, W, Reeky Sharp, 10 st, J lb, ; Mr, Marris"* h, h, Lows Napoleon, tt st, 4 Hw, i Mr, Faltan"* », e, Freeholder, ?.rt'J lb> ' Wr, Towell-a Ratty Darling, T s,t, T lbs, J Mr, S, Lithgow's h, p, Sydney, aged, T st, . After one falso «tart, the lot were got away in heawtiM order, LouU Napoleon got h« head in advance near tho gate when he was collared hy Benalla, and passed the mare, making strong running which looked remarkably like winning. She maintained her lead to the paddock, when she was overtaken and passed by Goldfinder, who could not be caught, and won by two good lengths; Ben- alla second, Louis Napoleon third, Freeholder fourth, Becky Sharp fifth, and Ratty Barling last. Time, 2 minutes 58 seconds.-The race being faster than any preceding one during the meeting. FIFTH DAY, Pony Race.-A sweepstakes of 6 sovereigns each, with 20 sovereigns added. Open to all ponies li hands and under. Catch weights. Distance, once round the course. Mr. Powell's b. m. Katty Darling (Shuton) ? . . .1 Mr. Abbott's b. g. Little Wonder . . . . .2 Mr. Wickens b. gr. Kangaroo Kat . . . . .3 Betting: 3 to 1 on Katty Darling, taken. Little Wonder led off, Katty being last. Round the turn, however, she had changed ber position for first, and was never caught, winning with ease by two or three lengths. The Publicans' Purse.-A sweepstakes of 3 sovereigns each, with 30 added : for all horses; to be handicapped by the stewards, or whom they may appoint. Heats, a milo and a half. Mr. Powells li.m.Katty Darling,Ost (Shnton) . .211 Mr. Abbott'» c. g. Goldflnder, «at. (Malony) . .038 Mr. Harpurs b. g. l'eter Simple,8 nt. 7lbs. (Waldack) .333 Mr. Valfaii's b. g. Van Tromp, 0 fit. fi lbs. (Mitchell) . 1 di«. Mr. Brown's b. g. The Ghost, 8 at. 7 lbs. (Monohan) . 0 dr. Mr. M'Lean's blk. g. Vanguard, H at, 7 lbs. (J. Smith) . 0 dr. Betting: it to 2 against Van Tromp (takenJ ; 2 to 1 against Goldfinder (taken) ; 3 to 1 against Katty Dar ling (taken) ; 8 to 1 against Peter Simple; 8 to 1 against Vanguard ; 10 to 1 against The Ghost. At starting the lead was taken by Peter Simple, with Goldfinder second, and Katty close at hand. At the turn the little mare collared Peter, and soon passed him and reached Goldfinder, for whom the pace was evidently too fast. Katty in a few strides went on to the front, j and maintained the lead, but surrendered it to Peter Simple at Mr. Gray's paddock. Van Tromp, who had during tho race been lying fourth, now let out, collared and passed in succession Goldfinder, Katty, and Peter Simple, and, before reaching the straight course, had increased his lead. Katty resumed second place, and was well ridden for the finish, but could do nothing against the superior stride of Van, who won easily by three lengths-Katty beating Peter Simple for second place by about the same distance. The Ghost and Van- guard were, withdrawn after the race, and did not start for the second heat. Second Heat.-Goldflnder showed in front for a few strides at the start, but the little mare was leading at the turn and making strong running. Van Tromp caught her at the paddock, headed her, and was winning when he bored to the left, jumped the cords, and fell, breaking down a post, which he had struck. Katty took up the lead, and ron in a winner by fully half-a-dozen lengths. Van Tromp was declared distanced, but his rider was loudly cheered on riding to scale. Third Heat.-Katty had this heat all her own way. She led from the commencement, could never bo reaohed, and won easily by several lengths. This race was not timed. Auctioneers' Purse.-A sweepstakes of 7 sovereigns each, with about 80 sovereigns added. For all horses ; to be handicapped. Two miles. Mr. John Orr's br. g. Tomboy, 9st. ll lbs. (Holmes) . . 1 Mr. Morris's b. g. Louis Napoleon, 8 st. 4 lbs. . . .2 Mr. Kalian's r. g, Freeholder, Oat, (Waldock) . . .3 Mr. J. Key's g. in. Modesty, H st . . . . .4 Mr. H. Dewing'a br. g. Cardinal, 8 st. 10 lbs. . . . 5 Betting :-3 to 1 on Tomboy ( taken). Modesty led off, but was caught and headed by Louts Napoleon at the turn. His Majesty, howover, only enjoyed his supremacy a second or two, being then com- pelled to surrender to Tomboy, who took up the lead at a paco which completely shut out all chance for his competitors. The remainder of the race was for second plnco only, between Freeholder and Louis Napoleon, but tho former was not equal to his previous running, and was beaten easily by the bay. Tomboy won hi a canter, by th reo lengths. There was ta havo been a Hack Race, but it was decided to include it in tho programme of miscellaneous sports to como off this day (Monday). In our report of tho race for tho Garrison Cup, run on Friday, we, by mistake, substituted Abbott for Hayos as tho rider of Goldflnder. 