BRITISH AND FOREIGN NEWS MB-'BlBBISTEa-J)Uinif ASD THB PBI5CB33 Habt. — Mr. Dunn, the barrister, whtwa per secutions -tf MiftTJurdett Courts obtained for him so much notoriety, has beenbroneht up at Jjow-stree^ rOBce-uurcej iu -uwerw toe issue of a magisterial order for an , enquiry . into the state ofhis mind. Ii seems fiom the following letter that Mr. Bonn has transferred hia affec tions from the wealthy l heiress to the Princess Mary of Cambridge:— '^ 'l ? . 'VidtoriaCoflee-hoase,Jtmel4,1856. 'Princess— III ecfflldbeliere that the outrage per petrated on my feelings wag sanctioned by joa I should never again address job, for Barer wu outrage w totallj unprovoked. I haw acted ? ntirelj in obedience to what I supposed to be jtrar wishes, and I highly estimated your correct and proper feelings. I did not suppose it possible tiat, as » lady, you would permit me to pour tntoyaar bosom fte. yhgm and ardent affection which, you have taught me to entertain for too, nor did I think that, after having retained those fetters so lonjr, jeu eoold placed them in the hands of the Commissioners of Poliee. My feelings towards yon, Princess, were princi pally created by the encouragement I was led to suppose you wished to give 'me: they began with, your 'smiles, they may end with a Frowt, if you like to end with one. Ton require no protection from rde bat yoar own feelings. All the empire iidira that money cannot boy my heart. I loved with truth and sincerity. I acted with candour md honesty. Ton know all my circumstances, and if I nve acted in any way dutressinsr to yon, do not blame me, bat the circumstances. If you think me worthy of roar esteem and fair hand, let me know. If you have placed my letters in unworthy hands, take them back, -r hare them restored to me, and you shall never hear 'rum me ajrain. Do not think lightly of the difficulties -f my position, one lady hontinfr me to distraction be ause I won't have her, and another because I wish to i-ire her. A Christian death were better than, such a ire I If you wish to write you can easily make your maid mclose them to mes and I should be greatly gratified if i [ could have aa explanation with a person on whom vou , Muld rely. 'I remain^ beloved and admired Princess, ' 'Tours, 1c, i 'Hicham Dinnr.' j Or. Alexander John Sutherland, of 6, Rich- , nond-terrace, Whitehall, deposed — I am a ; ?ellow of the Eoyal College of Physicians. j kly practice has been very much directed to ] nental disorders and their treatment, and I t ?m. physician to St. Lake's HospitaL In pur- ; uance of the order produeedj l.hnve been to { ee Mr. Dunn once, ft *as on the 5th inst. I \ ntered into conversation with him, with a f iew to ascertain the state of his mind ; and ( I3o on the following day, when he called on t ie, I took the opportunity of observing him \ rath the same view. I consider he is of un- t ound mind, and that he labours under parti- i ular delusions. He stated to me that he had r ent a letter to the Princess Mary in con3e- i uence of certain facts which he relied on. ] Ce said that last June twelvemonth he saw c ne of the royal carriages passing from n psley House. In it were the Princess Mary u ad the Duchess of Cambridge, and the Prin- d as smiled and winked at him. He also told a ie that the Duchess turned to tho Princess I ad rebuked her, and that all this was noticed * j a gentleman who was standing near \ im. After that he stated to me that the o rincess had written to him, and had p at a heart in the corner of it, with the name t Mary' written on the heart. He said that a u ?ntleman called upon him at his chambera c l the Temple, and in the course 'of a con- ti sraation said to him, 'Princesses have tl tarried commoners.' He said thnt on another I rcasion, when the Princess was riding out d ith some other ladies, she 'put out her -w leek, as much as to say, ' If you salute me I n n ready to salute you.'' He also stated J tat he had been to the Duchess of Cam- I ?idge's, where he saw the maid-servant, and b lid to her — ' Sarah, your young lady is either t irting with me, or humbugging me.' At this ti irah laughed, and he then asked what sort of ii ?rson the Princess was, and she said, ' Verv tl niable, just like her father ;' upon which he tl Hr. Dunn) rejoined, ' Then I will try it on.' fi 'e also told me that he asked Sarah'whether h ly ladies in the house wore plaid shawls; h id Sarah replie:! that they did. He said ho ul seen Miss Fraser and the Duchess's maid 51 \- dressed in Bond-street, near the Clarendon fi otel, and that one of them said, ' How do o -u do ?' That he interpreted this to mean - lat he was to go to the house of the Duchess, tl i the Princess Mary was alone; it being the tl ly upon which the other members of the w tnily dined with the Duke of Cambridge, g 'e observed that there had been a good deal o : whispering about the Princess Mary and h imself at his lodgings. He further said that a i one occasion as he was going towards St. tl lines' s Palace he was overtaken by a woman, h ho ran before him to the entrance to the p able-yard by Sutherland House; that she ii ent in, and that almost immediately after- ri ards he met the Duchess's carriage. He told 'V ie that if he were not made of cast iron he p -uld not have withstood these advances, and n Lat had they been ordinary women he should, tl ter such encouragement, have walked into a icir houses at once. He said it had been I itimated to him that the Duchess had objec- a ons to the marriage of the Princess Mary ii ith Prince Oscar, and that he believed that 1- [er Majesty favoured him — an inference which a e drew from her manner towards him. He s ud that a certain nobleman was desirous that i a should marry his daughter, and that in con- c xjuence of his (Mr. Dunn's) refusal he had s ecome the object of that nobleman's persecu- v on ; that in consequence of that persecution t e had been driven out of twelve different lodg- a igs ; that he had written to Lord Palmerston c \- complain that he could not walk the streets 1 ithout being watched,- and that if this annoy- \ nee were not put a stop to he would put a I i3e of pistols in hi3 pocket, and shoot the first ] erson he met who was watching him. I am i learly of opinion that Mr. Dunn is of unsound j lind, and a proper person to be under care 1 nd restraint. From his threatening to shoot - ny one who should watch him, I think he is 1 Iangerou3 to others ; and from the expression 1 a. one of the letters, that ' a Christian's death - rould be better than such a life,' I think him - Iangerou3 to himself. Mr. Henry (to Mr. t )unn) — There can be no. doubt about the 1 slaity of all the allegations and statements ; iroved to have been made by you. The pos- 1 ible excuse for you is that which Dr. Suther- i and gives — that you are a person of unsound - nind, and labouring under delusions. If this I vere not so I should make some very strong 1 jbservations on your infamous conduct, but it 1 3 my clear conviction that you are not a person -f sound mind, and therefore I shall order you o be placed under restraint. Defendant — [ appeal to the gentlemen of the press to do ne justice, which you have not done. The de fendant was then removed, and the formal order made out. MILITIA RIOTS IN TIPPERARY.— Nenagh, Monday night, July 8. — Of all the scenes, real or imaginary, that an inhabitant of Jfenagh ever saw or read of, that of this night threw them all into the shade. At 10 o'clock the militia stationed in the Pound-street Barracks broke out of the gate, knocking down sergeant3 and sentries. Carrying with them their guns, with fixed bayonets, they went through the town, to the terror of the inhabitants, yelling and shouting. They first attacked the police barrack in Summerhill, the windows of which they quickly demolished with stones. They then in an irregular body proceeded tq Sum merhifl Barracks, the gate of which was closed, and commenced to pummel it with the butt ends of their muskets. In this way they quickly opened the gate and broke into the magazine, from which, with a wise prec mtion, the officers had removed the ammunition. 2f ot finding it, they forced out the band, who played them through the streets, which tended to keep them in a regular body. They first marched down to the police barrack in Bar rack-street, firing shots at intervals all the way. When they arrived at the police barracks they demolished the windows with stones, together with the house of Mr. Bell, Petty Sessions Clerk. The band played them back again to the Pound etreet Barracks, where they halted for a short time, and again played down Barrack-street, firing at intervals of a minute all the way, to the terror and dismay of the inhabitants, not many of whom slept all the night. Tire militia were Ibllowed by a large concourse of tho towns people, -who kept up a regular cheer. They continued marching through the streets in this manner until 12 o'clock. It is thought they purchased powder and shot during the day in the town. When they fired it was in the air ; all they said they wanted was to force the authorities to give them their bounty. It is said that a regiment of the line is to arrive here to-morrow to quell the mutinv. The militia eay they will keep their arms, that, if such be the case, they will fight to the last, and that they may as well die at once as die with hunger after being disbanded without a shilling in x^beir pockets. During the whole time no officer 5 sergeant dared approach them. Sergeanc jMtMwaa knocked down, with a blow of a fire (x3k when, the party first left the Pound-street Barracks. It is believed that the ammunition had been removed to the Gaol when the riotera were leaving the barracks. They seemed to have theirvengeanceparticularlydirec ted against the police, who were very wisely kept within their barracks. The Limerick Observer has the following account from the scene ol outrage, dated 5 o'clock, Tuesday evening:— 'Intense excitement prevails respecting th- accounts from Nenagh. Some . go the lengtl of saying that 11 policemen had been shot bj the rebellious mihtia; but this we onlygivi as the prevailing rumour, not undertaking U answer for the accuracy, though we are hi formed at the police- station in William-street that the messenger who arrived on a car a half-past 4 o'clock tbia morning stated posi fe'vely that they had fired into both police barracks and demolished the windows.' : A; telegraphic despatch reached Major- Geueral Snr James Chatterton at half-past 4 o'clock to-day, when he immediately issued orders for the squadron of the 17th Lancers wbichhad arrived from Cahir to act as a guard of honour to the Lord Lieutenant to- morrow to be ready to march to Nenagh within 15 minutes. The General and his Aide-de-camp, Major Foster, 4th Royal Irish Dragoon Guards, proceeded instantly in a carriage from Cruise's Hotel to Nenagh ; the bugle call was at once sounded through the city, and within a quarter of an hour the full troop had assembled at the Ar- tillery Barracks, under command of Captain Sir George Hector Leith, Cornets Cleghorn and Waymouth. They fell in with admirable preci rion. and regularity, and rode off by thePalmers au-road to Nenagh as being the ; shortest ?oute. The Protestant Lord Bishop of Lime -ck, the Mayor, the Eev. Pries Peacocke, Mr. fVUliam Gubbins, J;P.,' and a great number Jf respectable citizens were' present at their *pid n raster and departure. At 4 o'clock on Tuesday evening 520 men of the 30th, 41st, 47th, rod 55th Besimente, under command of Colonel 3art, arrived from Templemore, and marched ip to the Summerhill Barracks, having, pre riou3ly loaded their pieces. Contrary to ex lectab'on, the gate was thrown open, when hey marched in and formed into line in the Barrack-square. The militia having formed ?pposite to them, they were asked to give up heir arms, which they refused. The Eiot Act ras then read, and the square cleared of all ivilians, and both parties stood opposite one nother, the militia remaining firm in their leiermination to keep their, arms. In the meantime a body of militia, who had stopped traggling about the town, commenced firing utside the barrack-gate. One man fired a hot through the key-hole of wicket, and illed a soldier inside. Another body went ound the walls, and fired several shots at the ?oops, three of whom it is said were mortally ounded, and two others slightly. A part of ie troops were then sent to chase them away, tit the militia got into lanes and nooks, and red at the troops as they passed. General hatterton arrived at 8 o'clock to reinforce the oops from Templemore. The police barracks ere strongly barricaded, and none of the olice stirred ont. They were reinforced early l the morning by ' men from the sur )unding districts. The firing of the ilitia and troops continued Up to 9 o'clock, ive or six men were wounded, and ie killed. In Pound-street three of the ilitia were killed. An industrious man imed Gibbons, in Pound-street, was shot ad by the regulars. At half-past 9 o'clock 1 wa3 quiet, and at 11 o'clock a troop of ancers arrived from Limerick. The militia ere taken prisoners; they have lost three lied and eight wounded.' A second edition the Limerick Reporter contains the following irticulars : — ' The town is quiet to-day. It is ud that the militia who were taken witU arm3 their hands last night will be tried by the ril power. A great many deserted last night, king their arms and appointments with iem. The firing at 9 o'clock last night in tmnd-street was terrific. It was there all the image was done. The number of militia ounded in barracks is six, and it is supposed any of those who went away are wounded, igtit or ten soldiers of the line are wounded. 1 the case of Peter Gibbons, who was shot r one of the 55th Regiment, the Jury re irned the following verdict : — ' Deceased came his death by the effects of a gunshot wound flicted by a soldier of the 55th Regiment ; at such firing was unjustifiable; and that e troops might have used more discretion in ing into the house of a respectable man, iving fired ten rounds into deceased's )use.' ' Sasgttdtaet Coxtijct between the Gee is Legion ajtd the 41st Regiment. — The Uowing account is from the Morning Chronicle rrespondent : — ' Aldershott Camp, July 18. ?The greatest possible excitement prevails at e present hour — 8 o'clock p.m. — throughout b camp at Aldershott, as well as in town, aich was occasioned by a fearful and san linary engagement at the point of the bayonet 1 one side, by which a great number of men ive been seriously, and in some cases it is iprehended fatally, injured last night, and ere is strong ground for supposing that the »stilitie3 will be repeated during the latter irt of to-night. At an early hour this morn g information was received at the Waterloo ad Terminus of the London and South western Eailway that a quarrel had taken ace between the men belonging to the Ger an Legion and the 41st .Regiment of the line, c at after fighting for some time with firearms i id bayonets five German soldiers and four c ritish had been carried off the ground dead, t id that several others had been so seriously c jured that their recovery was deemed hope- a as. Upon the reporter proceeding to the camp s id making enquiries, it appeared that the c atement which reached London in the morn- c i» had been exaggerated only in one parti- « ilar, and that was the loss of life ; but there 1 ems every reason to fear that even that part 1 ill be completed in the course of a day or - ro, as several soldiers of the German Legion, \ ; least six, are pronounced to be in a highly J mgerous condition, and, owing to the great - pas of blood, past recovery. The circumstances - hich gave rise to this terrible onslaught may 1 3 thu3 briefly narrated : — The German Etfie ' legion arrived on Tuesday last from Turkey, 1 ia Portsmouth, and during the period the 1 reater portion of the 41st Eegiment were i way from the camp, attending the military ' iaplay on Caesar's Hill, near Bagshot ; those - rho were left behind went out, and proceeded i 3 a house outside the lines, used for the sale ? f refreshments. Upon entering tln3 place the 1 1st met a number of the German Legion, and Dme words took place concerning a few females [ rho were present. The quarrel becoming tronger and stronger, the Germans seized the ' 'rimean medals which our soldiers had won a the field of battle, threw them upon the ; round, trampled them under foot, and by heir gestures threatened to serve the British ' oldiers in the same way. This, as might be xpected, greatly irritated the men belonging o the 41st, who endeavoured, but vainly, to ettle matters amicably, and it soon became ap- , -arent that the Legion was bent upon mischief, laving followed the 41st to about the middle ?f the ground, between the north and south amp, a fearful onslaught took place. They rommenced to batter in the huts of the English, and in a very short time smashed learly the whole of half a range of huts. The jarties having reached the middle of the heath it the back of Price'3 canteen, commenced :heir work in fearful earnest, at least so far as ;he Germans were concerned; for, having brmed a ring, and plenty of heavy flints being strewed over the ground, they commenced to pelt the men of the 41st in such a manner that the blood poured from theii heads. Having sbtained additional assistance, the 41st were jetting the advantage of the Germans, when the latter made off, but shortly afterwards re turned with their firearms and bayonets, and it is doubtful what would have been the extent 3f bloodshed, had it not been for the arrival from the inspection of a body of cavalry be longing to their legion, as well as another British regiment. In spite, however, of this formidable body of mounted men, the Ger mans made no attempt whatever to desist from hostilities;, but, on the contrary, seemed to show every disposition to carry on the deadly warfare. The cavalry then charged the men by the point of the bayonet, and an. orderly galloping up between the belli gerent parties, succeeded in scattering them. It was then found that several of the 41st Eegiment were badly injured, but nothing near so badly as the German Legion, many of whom bled profusely from the wounds in their heads or at the side of their faces. Six were at once taken, streaming with blood, to the hospital of the Legion, supposed to have been killed, and the answer given to the reporter at the German bureau this evening was, that no man had yet died, but that the whole six before alluded to remained in a very precarious condition, and that several others had during the day been taken into the Bame institution, they having at daylight been found to be more seriously in jured than was at first imagined. A man named Bishop, belonging to the 41st, was the most seriously injured, as he received the point of a bayonet under the fleshy part of his arm as he was attempting to protect his head. About 9 o'clock the disorderly were marched off to the guard-room8,but so discontented did some of their countrymen in arms appear, that squadrons of cavalry were called out, and they kept trotting round the huts at certain inter vai3 during the night The 18th Eoyal Irish came into the camp this morning, and it is feared that they will seek to avenge the injury done to the 41st during the night, but it is only accessary to state that every precaution has been taken by those in command to prevent a nmj|a£ fearful scene to that of last night. The Asslo-Gebmax Xbgios.— The Inde pendanee Beige publishes the following letter, dated Hamburg, 6th July :— ' After the dis3o lution^of too Anglo-German Legion, it was said that many soldiers, enlisted at so enor mous an expense in the north, had readilv ac cepted the offer to emigrate to Canada and cul tivate the lands placed at their disposal by the English Government. This, however, does not appear to be the case, for the John Bull steamer, which entered our port to-day, has ' already brought back 150 of fbeae recruits, and ire are informed that others will arrive in sue session ' on board' the packets plying regularly jetween .England and Hamburg. Our police mmea'iately sent a number of agents to inspect ;he papers of the new-comers before they dloweathemtohindj and when their nation ility was ascertained they were respectively narched to the stations of the railways' leading « their native countries. Some of them pro eeded tp Hanojer^others to Prussia, and the [Water number to. the Duchies of HolsUsin Schleswig. None of. them, were permitted to emain at Hamburg. As these soldiers formed ?art of the revolutionary army of the Duchies, t is natural that the Danish Government hould be alarmed, under existing circum tances, at the presence of such men, from rhom it has more to fear than hope. ' The tovernor of Altona, by order of the Minister f War5 at Copenhagen, adopted military pre autions to prevent all hostile manifestations. )ur police, on the other hand, hastened to degraph the name of each individual to his fovernment, so that during the whole day the HegrapH- office was so actively engaged infor rardlng these despatches that the transmission f private and commercial messages had to be 1 ostponed until a late hour in the evening.' : ,THB CointAITDEB-IX-CHIEP OF THE BhITISH .' iBMr. — Field-Marshal Viscount. Hardinge i aving resigned this high command, His Eoyal 1 fighness the Duke of Cambridge has been ap- .- ointed to succeed him. The following general 1 rder, dated Horse Guards, July 15, 1856, has 1 een issued:— 'Field-Marshal Viscount Har- 1 inge having been compelled by the stale of i is health to tender to the Queen his resigna- 1 on of the command of the army, which Her j [ajesty has been graciously pleased to accept, - esires to record his deep sense of the j induct of the* troops, and the obligations ! b is under to the general and other officers ] -r their uniform support while he has had 1 ie honour and happiness to be at their head. - 'n assuming the command of the army — sue- J leding, as he did, the greatest commander 1 hich this country has produced— Viscount 1 hardinge felt the weight of the duty which; by I [er Majesty's favour, was entrusted to him ; i lit he confidently relied on the zealous exer- - ons of its officers to maintain it in that high i ate of discipline and efficiency for which it had j er been distinguished. A period of war ensued, j id it was then seen how fully this confidence 1 as justified. After a long peace, a British ] my took the field, unsurpassed in any of i te qualities required of soldiers* Under a t ader whose loss ha3 been deplored by the ] -vereign, the army, and the country, a t ries of victories was achieved which 1 icd an additional lustre on the British arms, c lie instructions for the conduct of the war, t id Her Majesty's thanks to the troops during £ i operations, have been, according to in- e ?riable custom, conveyed to the army in the 1 ild by Her Majesty's 'Secretary of State for t rar. Her Majesty's sentiments have on all 1 ese occasions been expressed with great force ] td truth ; but Lord Hardinge cannot on this t casion deny himself the satisfaction of re- t rding his conviction that at no former period 1 the miliary history of this country has the 1 iroted conduct of the troops been surpassed, t leir soldier-like qualities stood the test of a I ;ge carried on through a rigorous winter, and - r 11 months of open trenches. The valour ] id perseverance of that gallant army and i its brave allies were at length rewarded by ( e capture of the enemy's fortress, and the at- y inment of an honourable peace. While the i ield- JIarshal records his admiration of the 1 nduct of the troops who took part in that eat achievement, he desires to convey to the 1 my at large his thanks for their zealous obe- ] ence and devotion, and to express the regret i ith which he separates himself from them. 1 iscount Hardinge can only add the expression 1 ' his sincere gratification that the command 1 the army is, by Her Majesty's pleasure, 1 lout to be assumed by General his Eoyal 1 ighness the Duke of Cambridge, KG., 1 .C.B., the illustrious prince whose name is '. sociated with some of the most splendid 1 iumphs of the war just concluded, and whose 1 ivotion to the interests of the service is so ell known.' 1 The following general order was issued on : ie subsequent day, July 16 : — ' In obedience : * the gracious order of Her Majesty, General j's Eoyal Highness the Duke of Cambridge isumes the command of the army, which has : ;en confided to him by Her Majesty's favour, 1 1 the resignation of Field-Marshal Viscount ; 'ardbge. His Eoyal Highness feels it no easy ; sk to undertake the responsibilities of so -nourable and arduous a post as the successor ' that distinguished General who has found : inself compelled to retire from it by the state '. his health, and who again was preceded by lat illustrious chief whose name will ever mtinue to be the glory of the British army id the British nation; but he has the rongest reliance on the support of the general Seers with whom he will bo associated, and 1 the army at large ; and in this reliance he iters confidently on the noble trust which 3w devolves upon him. His Eoyal Highness 13 had the advantage, as a general officer in -mmand of a division, under the orders of his mented and gallant friend the late Field [arsbal Lord Eaglan, of bscoming to some ctent personally acquainted with the heroic eed3 o? the army in the recent arduous contest, off so fortunately brought to a successful end. [e knows of what excellent materials the ?oops are composed, both as to officers and len. It will be his anxious endeavour to laintain the army in the high state of effi iency in which it has been left to him by his istinguished predecessor, and he doubts ot that the army itself will be mainly instru lental in enabling him to carry out this most nxious wish of his heart. By order of His 'ojal Highness the General Coinmandingin Ihief, G. A. Wetiiekaxl, Adjutant-GeneraL' Eis Eoyal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, be new Commander-in-Chief, was bom at Eanover, on the 29th March, 1819, and is con eqaently in his 38th year. He succeeded to ia father's title on the 8th of July, 1840. He arly evinced a passion for the military service, nd all the attempts that were made to divert is mind to other pursuits proved fruitless. He ntered the army while yet a boy, and at 18 ears of age we find him a Colonel in the Scots fusilier Guards — a command which he holds to Ids day. The late Duke of Wellington fre [aently expressed a very favourable opinion of iis aptitude for military studies. Before joining he Crimean army, His Eoyal Highness passed ome time in military service in the Mediter ?anean. He also for two years held a high )osition connected with the army in Ireland, rhere His Eoyal Highne33 made many friends. Ie has travelled a good deal in Europe, and is amiliar with the military organization and iystema of discipline of Prussia, France, and )ther States. His Eoyal Highness is Grand ilaster and principal Knight Grand Cross of :he Order of St. Michael and St. George, a K.G., a Knight of the Order of St. Patrick, md a Grand Cross of Hanover. His Eoyal Eighne3s was created a Major-General in the irmy on May 7, 1845, and Lieutenant-Generai sn June 19, 1854. He is Chief Eanger of St. Iame3's and Hyde Parks. His Eoyal High ness receives an annuity from -the country of £12,000 per annum, about £800 per annum from the office of Chief Eanger, and his salary ss Commander-in- Chief will be about £5,000 per annum. The Leeds Poisoxdtg Case.— The trial of William Dove for the murder of his wife by strychnine commenced at York on the 16th July, before Mr. Baron BramwelL The High Sheriff had made precautionary arrangements to guard against the expected crowd, by causing barriers to be erected at the entrance to the Court, and a strong body of police to be in attendance, in addition to the ordinary javelin* men. On being placed at the bar, Dove pleaded ' Not guilty,' in a firm and collected tone of voice. In appearance (says one account) he ia a young man about 30 years of age, respectably dressed and intelligent- looking, without any thing remarkable about him to attract observa tion. Another reporter states that he has a twitching of the eyelids, which gives a sinister expression to his face. Throughout the day he appeared perfectly collected and self possessed, and occasionally looked indifferent. Mr. Overend, Q.C., Mr. Hardy, and Mr. L. H. Baylev, appeared for the prosecution ; and Mr. Bliss,' Q.C., Mr. Serjeant Wilkins, Mr. Hall, and Mr.Middleton, were for the prisoner. The chief testimony with respect to motive had reference to the prisoner's drunken habits, his violence to his wife, iwho upbraided him for his intemperance, and bis threatening to ' do her. job for her' if she- did not 'mind her own business.'., A suspicious fact came out with respect to the obtaining of poison. Two or three days before Mrs. Dove's death,. Mr. Morley's groom came out of the ante-room to the surgery, and he met Mr. Dove going into the surgery. At that time there was no one in the surgery; and after he had watered his horses the groom saw the gas at full height in the surgery! He then went into the sur gery, and found Mr. Dove with tha gas up, putting it down, and looking very much flurried. He said, 'I have come to light my gipe.' He was there 20 minutes alone, and he knew where the poison was. One or two 'other additional facts were brought for ward; as t that, during hU wife's illness, he ostentatiously asked some of his friends if they had not noticed that he was obliged to quit the sick-room, overcome by grief. On the night oi the death, he told a Mr. Young, a confectioner, that Bis wife' was gone, ahdtnsjfc lie wisned'he 1 could weep, he was sa excited} adding, 'Oh, ( that last look of hers, how it. haunts me !' s After that he went to a public-house, got two t glasses of brandy-aud-water, and said 'his wife i was dead, and the doctors had told him she c could not livej which was not true. The object s of the cro3s-dtaniinatioit was to show- that Dove t was under tlie influence of delirium iremens, t and insane, and that he fancied himself haunted t by fiends, and talked of having bartered hi3 p soul to the deviL The case for the prosecution e closed on July 17 ; and on the following morn- a ing Mr. Bliss addressed the Court for the de- I fence, j His speech occupied .five hours and a s half - in delivery, and was jipt so .much 0 occupied with the facts - of the case v as w|th7 :a ; ?variety; of facts : in the life -a [-f thej prisoner, tending -to show that he had h long been of unsound mind. This view was a supported by reference, to tha interpretations a laid down jn_the_works of_medici|l men Ju t&_ o what it was that constituted insanity. A h lumber of witnesses were taenLexamihed who n lad known the priSorierAt different periods si ;hrough his life; . They all deposed to circum- . a stances which' weitf 'to' fiho^ that he v^as' weak, tl iflly, and irresponsible, ' and-they'all' declared h heir belief that he was insane. -; '-Hie Court u kdjoumed at a- late hour. - - Oil the resumption ? a; )f the trial ^;flw''fou^w^':nioni^|^'19fli: C Tuly, the Court-House;-. as-, flponi CTery former d lay, was densely crowded. '? The demeanour of' g, he prisoner remained unaltered,. He still :pre- ai lerved; the most perfect coolness and'selfcom- B nand. He was dressed in a new suit of black, 1: ind appeared either unconcerned at his awful u Kisition or unconscious of it. .Several witnesses u rereexaminedto the aameefFect as those who had it fiven their testimony on the day befive/ Mr. & Chornton, a schoolmaster, who had known, the Ii )risoner since i&-2, deposed to the fact that yr iis conversation had always been wild and in- ai soherent; that he could _not~spjak rationally w or more than a minute or two ; ' that he was iraid of ghosts and goblins ; that he employed ft t wizard to_ charm his. landlord's steward, so ci hat he might leave hint 'in possession of his oi arm, &c.j; and mentioned several 'strange'an'd tt ccentric things. Dr. Caleh Williams, . the w nedical attendant of the Eatreat at York ; Mr. ej Gtehen, one of the -superintendents :; of the tr Jetreat; and Dr. Smith, the proprietor, of a oi unatic asylum, testified to their belief that the ki irisoner was of unsound mind — a conclusion- p- 0 which they, were led by the facts elicited at to he trial, and by personal examination of the _p] irisoner. This evidence , closed -the : case . ,for JL he defence, upon whidh Miv Overend 'replied t great length, contending that the defence : ' f insanity was merely, an. 'after-thought; si hat the prisoner, had always been' 'vicious E nd cruel, ,which was no proof in itself 'of in- K anity; and that if a criminal who had com- Aj tutted so cold- blooded a murder were allowed E 0 escape on such grounds, no hearth in the B ingdom would be safe from poison. Mr. Saron Bramwell commenced summing up the lo vidence at 4 o'clock Hib charge to the Jury a ccupied six hours.. At 10 o'clock the Jury Si etired, and after an absence of 35 minutes ai eturned into Court. , The foreman announced fo hat the Jury had found the prisoner guilty, gj iut recommended him to mercy on the ground ki f his possessing a defective intellect. Baron cc J ram well then passed sentence of death in the 01 isual form. The execution of the sentence' will re iepend in a great measure upon the .opinion hi rhich may be expressed by His Lordship upon is brwardingto the Home Secretary the recom- tt uendation of the Jury. ei Another Poisomjtg Case.— A tradesman is tamed McMullen, at Bolton-Ie-Moors, has been vi -oisoned by his wife. He was taken ill a fort- rr light ago, and died last week. The medical ai ittendants suspected poison. The wife was ar- tl ?es ted, and admitted that she had given her si lusband a dose of a powder called ' quietness,' o: old by a chemist, and warranted to cure hiis- b -ands of vicious habits. The powder con- si ained five grains of tartarized antimony and -n L5 of cream of tartar. The chemist admits1 the si iale. A joint hie policy o£ £100 is said to have ii -een lately effected, by McMullen. © Obange Eiot at Gateshead.— tOn the 12th is -f July a riot; of a serious character took place n it the Felling, Gateshead, a body of Riband- 0 nen having attracted some Orangemen. It -n jeing the anniversary of the battle of the Boyne, s ;he Protestant Association of Loyal Orange- c nen went through the streets in procession. I Some hundreds of Eibandmen assembled, irmed with pistols, swords, bludgeons^ &c.;, v md attacked the persons in the procession, v 3reat confusion, arose, .and it is said that be- s ;ween 16 and 20 men were more or less injured £ n the affray. One man -had six contused r rounds on the head, his . front teeth were all a mocked out, and his face and body dreadfully t cruised; and a boy had: a gunshot .wound in ;he thigh, but it wa£ -not considered serious. 0 Ehe lad took no par tin the affray, and was 0 standing on the 'side of the road when he was g shot. The road after the occurrence was in t many places covered with blood, where the f iffray was most violent. j \- Gbocbbs' Cokmebcial- AssociAKOir.— On t the 10th of July, a .general, meeting of the 0 wholesale and retail grocery trade, which was r rery numerously attended, took place, at the c London Tavern, Mr. J. I. Trayera presiding, t with the view of organizing an Association, to t be called ' The Grocers' Commercial Asso- 1 cia/ ion.' The objects are stated to be the cor- a rection of the pernicious system of selling t sugars at a loss, and other evils existing in the t trade, and thus promote a more 'fair and \ honourable mode of dealing,' as well as to effect t a reduction of duties, especially on the articles ( of tea, coffee, spices, tobacco, fruits, and sugar, c and generally to watch over all trade regula- t tions and legislative proceedings affecting this t branch of commerce. V t Tub ? Ceeditoii3 or A N ewspapeb.— The t Morning Serald (London) has been seized by 1 its creditors, the chief of them being Mr. c Crompton, the proprietor o£ the Morning Post. Mr. Crompton, who is a paper-maker, £ acquired his lien on the Post by the supply of 1 that very necessary article to a' newspaper. \ How he acquired his right over the Serald ia f less easily guessed, as it was a generally be- £ lieved opinion amongst those connected with y newspapers in London that the Standard (evening paper), which was nearly a reprint of the Herald, paid the expenses of both. ' Mr. Crompton intends to carry on both the Post , and Herald with one reporting staff— an expe- , riment likely to be fatal to both newspapers, as , they must necessarily lose that distinctive cha- j racrer which is the essence of journalism. ( DlNNEE TO THE COLDSXEEAMS.— On July , 18 a dinner was given, at the Tower, to the first battalion of the Coldstream Guards, con sisting of upwards of 1,000 men. The enter- ; tainment originated from a desire of the Duchess of Cambridge to welcome the men ' back from the East, the late Duke of Cambridge having been more than 45 years colonel of the regiment. The Duchess, Princess Mary, ' Colonel Upton, Colonel Drummond, and many friends and relatives of the officers were pre sent. Her Eoyal Highness passed along the room between the tables, and frequently con versed with the men. Colonel Upton, in ap propriate terms, proposed 'The health of the Duchess of Cambridge,' and the men re sponded to the toast with enthusiastic cheers. The entertainment took, .place in the large room of the new storehouse of the Ordnance Department, which was tastefully fitted up for the occasion. There were flags, armour, &c.;, and Russian trophies from Alma^ Inkermann, and the Kedan, tr . ? ? Abkitaii op the Tbxscb and PeWcess'op Patrssri.— On the lOtH July, at 20 minutes to 1 o'clock, their Eoyal Highnesses theJPrince and Princess of Prussia arrived at the Bricklayers' Arms Station, by special train from Dover, and were received by His Eoyal Highness Prince Albert. The illustrious party proceeded in an open landau and four to Buckingham Palace, with outriders in scarlet liveries, attended by then* suite in several of the royal carriages. PfiOTEST OF THE PBISCES3 OF OBLEAIT3.— The Princess' Clementine of Orleans has ad dressed the following letter to the administrator of the property of the Orleans family at Paris; —'I learn by the journals, Sir, that the Em peror has just proposed to the Corps Legislatif to rote a rente of' 600,000 francs for the chil dren of the princesses, daughters of Louis Philippe. I hasten to declare that the Prince, my husband, and myself, have made no com promise with the Government of Louis 'Napoleon, have asked for no favour, no indem nity*. ? Since the decrees of January 22, which stripped my brothers, the children of my .pisters, and myself, of our ancestral inheritance, I have embraced every opportunity of protest ing against this violation of my rights. I have demanded the estates guaranteed to me by my marriage settlement, the property bequeathed to me by tho King, my beloved father. I have demanded justice — I demand it stilL Believe, I beg of you, Sir, in all my sentiments.— Clementine* d' Orleans, Duchess of Saxe Co burg.' The Neapolitan State Tbials.— A letter from Naples of the 28th of June says:— ' Contrary to the public announcement, the political trials were resumed yesterday. In comparison with the preceding dayh the pro ceedings did not offer much interest; they con sisted in the examination of different witnesses called by the Public Minister, and all of whom retracted their accusations. Among them was a certain Grevo, who had been confined at the Bagno di Procida for political offences in 18i8 —a man addicted to every vice, and against rhom before 1848 there were no : less than 30 iharges for crimes and offences. This man tated in Court that the Procoreur-General of he Kinc had him brought in. the. month of 'illy, 1S55, from Procida to Naples, when, ontrary to the regulations, he was thrown into dark and damp cell, occupied by a criminal mder sentence of death. Having bsen kept here two days without food, he wa3 called to he presence of the Procureur-General, who romi3ed him a mitigation of punishment, and ren his liberty, if he would reveal any facts gainst the political prisoners. Grerodid:as e was bid. Yesterday he retracted everything, iving that despair and hunger, and the hope f' better davs, combined with a feeling of re enge against some of the political prisoners,' ?ho, knowing his previous history, and that he ad been a spy, had threatened to strikehimif he. pproached th?m, had induced him to accuse is fellow-prisoners of acts which thej never mmitted. , In the course of the examinafion e declared that: at the Bagno di Procida there ere criminals ctf so deep a dye that for the lm of 20?. .they weuld take a man's life, peaking of the.' governorof the prison, he said ia£ ctoe day he'ordereii 82 of the prisoners to 3 flogged simply because t&ey; were without ons. Th^ sitting ot the1 Court terminated at It early hour.' 'It 13 not known when the purt holds its n6xt:sittirig ; ;ifc is said that the iy. is not previously announced to avoid too ?eat a crowd of' spectators, the number of the idience increasing on each day's triaL The ing has not ;yet accepted the resignation of [. Biancbini. ; His Majesty doe3T nqfc look pon him -with a very favourable eye, but ider present -circumstances ne does not deem prudent to have recourse .to man .of the iazza stamp. ' M. Biancbini does not profess ?eral opinions in the true- acceptance of the ord, but he isa just and upright manyand I eneiny of^that underhand system of police hich flourished under Maiia.' iHPROTEsiENTS if Gbbecb.— -The Greek anisterfbr Foreigtf-^tffiiirs has addressed; a rcular to the diplomatic and 'consular agents ' foreign States 'to ? make known the! wish of ie Government to enter into arrangements ith capitalists -or public companies for the mention of numerous public works. Among lose specified by the Minister are the draining 'large tracts of land in various parts of the ngdo in, the/ construction of roads from Tri )litza to Patras, Calamata to Sparta, Corinth ; Patras (via . 'Nastitza), and several other aces. '!I3ie 'circular- is given at length in the [oniieuJr'Ch'ec of July 1. ETJSSilK'AMBAsaAUOBS.— The Pays says :— Our : private infonnation enables us to con ier the ' following nominations as certain »— ttesian Ambassador at Parish General Count isselef, Miriister of the Domains ; Eussian inister at London, Count de'Chreptowich; ossian Minister. at Constantinople, M. dc autenieff.' - ? Thb iate Empeeob NicHOiiAS.— -The fol wing is an extract from the private .letter of gentleman who has been a frequent visitor at ;. Petersburg: — 'St. Petersburg i3 as gay td as beautiful as ever.:: We havp been to the rtress to look at the tomb of Nicholas, and it ,ve me a painful sensation to see it, and to low ithat beneath that sarcophagus, all de irated with flowers, was lying the remains of ie I had so constantly seen, and I could not alize the idea that he was indeed there. If 5 can only look down, poor man, upon what passing here, it must indeed be a galling ling to see how soon he is forgotten. No one ?er mentions him; or if by chance they do, i£ to congratulate themselves he is gone. Hi3 rtues are all forgotten and hi3 vices .only agnified. AVho is it that says ' Men's virtues ?e writ in sand, their vices in brass ? ' Well, lat is exemplified in tho case of Nicholas in a irprising manner; he dc3s not seom fo liave ie friend* What an end to come to, that h?, jfore whom all trembled and were submissive, wuld have been so nearly forgotten before he as cold in his grave. Of course, at this sea -n of the year outdoor amusements'are'most i vogue, consequently we have every day ther parties on the water, picnics to the lands, or something of that kind. We have o night, and shall not for the next fortnight r so. The city looks perfectly lovely from the uter. Tha entire absende of smoke and the jlendid clear atmosphere you would really be tiarmed with, and think there is no place keit.' Professor Qwest.— Professor Owen, F.E.S., ?ho for nearly 30 yeare has been connected ?ith i the Eoyal College of Surgeons as con arvator of the-Hunterian Mussum and Pre ssor of Comparative ' Anatomy, has just ssigned his appointments to enter on his duties t? the British Museum as Superintendent of lie Natural History Department. ? Australian CosTRiBinrioir to the Patri tic pPuKD.-r-On July ,16, Mr. C. Kemp, one f the secretaries of the Patriotic Fund of New' buth Wales, had an interview with thaExecu ive Committee of the Patriotic Commission,' -r the purpose of handing in a draft of £25,000, laking, with previous remittances, a total cbn ribution from the colony of New South Wabs f £65,000. Mr. Kemp explained to the Com littie that previous to the issue of the royal omaiission a commencement had been made a raise a fund for the relief of the sufferers hy lie ^yar, upwards of £4,000 having been col ;cted in churches and chapels on the day set part for fasting and humiliation 'on account of he war. When the Commission was received y the Governor-General, a public meeting wa3 ield^ at which His Excellency presided, when he subscription-list was headed by Mr. Daniel hooper with a donation of.£l,OOOJ with an ad litional £500, and the matter was warmly ake|i up in all the districts in tho colony, and he result was the large amount transmitted to he Commission3rs. Lord Colchester expressed he thanks of the Commissioners for the very landsome sum thus contributed for the objeet3 if the Commission. The European Commission of Engineers, as em bled in Paris to discuss the details of the )lan for cutting across the Isthmus of Suez, iave adopted the principle of a direct cutting rom Suez to the Mediterranean, at Pelusium, cross the Bitter Lakes. The canal will be fed rith sea water. A return moved- for by Sir Dd Lacy Evans hotes that the total number of the metro -olitan police is 5,817, of whom the average lumbar, on day duty ia 2,272, and on night luty 3,545. During the last five years 1,276 nen were dismissed, and 4,407 resigned ; and n the same period 264 men of the force were jharged with offences at the Police Courts, of irhp'm 68 were convicted and 196 discharged. At a meeting of the Dean and Chapter of Bristol Cathedral, held on .the 18th of July, in jursuance of- Her Majesty's conge d*elire, the Rei Charles Baring, M.A., was elected to the racant see of Gloucester and Bristol. Tho proceedings, like all Chapter, .meetings, were strictly private. ' -Lord Brougham still remains at Brougham Ball, seeing little or no company. His lord shipVhealth appears much improved. ?' Mr. Bright,M.P., who has been in Scotland for- some time owing to impaired health, is recovering rapidly. v A good deal of hh time is occupied in fishing. :'. . . ... ,y . Letters from Si. Petersburg state the Eussian Government is. actively occupied in reforming the financesof the empire, revising the tariff, and reorganizing the army and navy~ Military colonies are to be further^ extended on the Asiatic frontier^ and a cordon of Cossacks will be established from Siberia to the Danube. . , The sinking of, the cable, which is* to com plete the telegraphic communication between France and Algeria, has been commenced. 