ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE CHURCH OF ENGLAND SCHOOLS IN THE SANDHURST DISTRICT. (To the Editor of the Bendigo Advertiser.) Sir,—In jCojitj;w#tiop of the correspondence on 'his subject. J enclose the fp)lqwlfl£f lpttcr the Rig-lit lieverend the Lord liis'iop of MeUpinio, in reply to No. 1, addressed to his Lordship, aud.al ready published'in'the A-lm- tiier. (e»i"T.) "Bishop's Court; November 4th, 1050. '• Sir,—I beg to nckpowlpdge your letter of the 24th ult. The subject of it is of gr.cat importance, but while the principles trliich you lay down in it ire generally sound, the fiicts which are either nllirmcd or implied require to be properly substan tiated before 1 can pronoupccniiy opinion upon the justico of your r.eiparks. I will send your letter to with a request that it is returned toine with a report thereon, at earliest convenience. You arc, of coUfM, iitiiljprty to publish npjietter which 1 you mav choose to ad.ijr.eJS tfl pip ! but as you have intimated j-our jntejjtioji of p^bjijlijp^ nny which I may addreso to you, you nnmt excuse me if I decline carrying on u correspondence with you. Any statcmen'-s which you may wish to make I will duly attend to, and when the whole case is before me, adopt such measures as it may appear to j-e^ire, '.'I am,Sir, yopr obpdient perennt, >'C. MELDOUHNE. " To —(" Damon ")—Esq., Sandhurst." With regard to the marked hypercriticism and personal hypothetical rejuarks, interlarded wjtli «>me dull mid rathe? acalc {..-ueiismu, bvel|e>'l fit an humble and honest endeavour to improve t|i<> con dition of one of the most important institutions in the oolon_v, mid appearing in tin; columns of the Iiendiyo Advertiser, there is little or nothing to be said. The editorial reviews containing these eritisisms and out of place sarcasms, are before the public; as is, also, the course pursued by " Damon " in regard, to them: with the public, therefore, " Damon '' is satisfied to leave them, resting confident that if there is anything worthy of appreciation on either side of the question, public opinion will be prepared to award the full measure of approbation due to those who may be found really worthy and deserving of it. Before dismissing the subject however, once and for all " Dauion" begs leave to observe that the etiquette of the press-, now stricMy observed in the management of all well conducted first-class journals, is directly opposed to the etiquette of the Viress exercised in the present instance by the Bendigo Advertiser. In the case of a newspaper correspondence of a controversial or any other nature, applied to the suppression and correction of public abuses, or otherwise, the editor of the journal in which the correspondence is published, is invariably looked upon as the presiding judge, adjudicating pro turn. The readers of the journal and the public at large ure supposed to comprise the jury: the individuals writing and carrying on the correspondence in advocacy of their respective arguments, arc the advocates .or counsel; mid the men, or measures impugned, may bo said to be the prisoners at the bar. It would certainly appear as novel as it would in reality be unjust, to find the presiding judge (as in the parellel case of the Advertiser in the present instance) ncting in the twofold capacity of judge and advocate, summing up his views of the case to the jury in a prejudged manner, before tile case is actually stated or heard, or a singl* witness examined. Let us for <1 moment imagine the presidingjudge in uny of our courts of taw interrupting with vituperous sarcasm the state ment of counsel in opening arly 'case brought before him, and commencing to sum up his views of the case to the jury before they have heard the real merits and bona fide facts connected with it, the testimony of the witnesses, or any rebutting statement by way of reply. Let us imagine the presiding judge summing up and addressing the jury at this stage of the proceedings—Llius holding in contempt the majesty of the law, defiling the fountain of justice, trampling under foot the rules of It-gal conventionalism, and the usual etiquette of judicature. . This illustration presents a faithful and familiar picture, and a parellel case to that in which the Bendigo Advertiser at present stands with regard to its correspondent "Damon.'' The Bendigo Advertiser, in true Milesian style, knocks down, raises up, and then knocks down again, any of its unfortunate correspondents whose principles and way of thinking may differ from its own ; while the majority of journals, generally speaking, hold up, shield, and protect their correspondents. Eu modus in rebus. Tlio Onus probundi in the matter rests entirely with •'Damon." The Advertiser need be under no apprehension in regard of it " Damon " hum bly believes that he has read, practiced, and inwardly digested, legal jurisprudence from Black stone's Commentaries, down to the modern "Every Man.his own Lawyer," sufficient to guarantee his having not the slightest idea of libelling either. "Men or measures,"'and ho has no more thought of involving any individual in an action of libel for anything he may write, say, or do, than he has of making a voyage to Timbuctoo, or of ex amining the deleris of the moon, or even of paying the JJeitdijjo 4'lvertisur a wind}-, or any kind of compliment, other than tljat which hp believes it really deserves—especielly' at the hands of indi viduals "slightly affected in the upper story." Verily, "Eeprove a fool, and lie will smite you." With regard to your correspondent "Pair Play'' the morbid iniagiiifiiior) of this hypochoondriacal individual js haunted by the ghost of some anti podean schoolmaster—p spectre no doubt coujured up in the brain of jijs own diseased imagination. It is only necessary to inform your renders and the public at large that the redoubtable " Fair Play " is a biped of the genus "clerical''—one of the lights that shine in dark places, who, by the waV, is now in dflnfer of being snuffed ont. His scur rilous productions as a public writer can only be. equalled by the twaddle emulating from his pul pit. " Fair Play" says he will descend to noticc " Damon's '' letter. This is an amusing ruse de guerre, a demiec resort as it were, prior to his receiving a pqup dp grqup at tliclmndp qf his Supe rior, to whose paternal carc f Damon '' now hum bly begs leave to confide him. I have the honor to remain, &c.;, DAMON. Ciiiteuiojj Twri{K.—Wp peroelvo that the Criterion is again to be opened under the joint management of Mr. Caple, and Mr. Sam, Howard, with an entirely new company, the principal stars of wjiour) in addition (q Mjss Gqddurd will be Mr. G. V. Brooke and Mrs. Heir. The opening night will be on Saturday next, when we hope to sec the play-going public of Bendigo muster in full forcc. Tub Hounds.—The tryst for to-morrow is at Mr. Gunn's, Kjingarpo Flat, ijt s|iarp f); and the master particularly desires (us cctmpany to be punctual, a» thp scent will nqt no\y lie late in the day. Mr. Charles Osborne will jict as pioneer, and can ens^rp tlip dropping op pleufy of game within thrpe ipilps. ' ; ' ' ' '. The Camp at Avooa—The sub-treasury and •gold-office at Avoca will be olosed on and after the 24tli iustant, and the business removed to Mary borough, where the office will re-open on tl(o 1st December.—Covcrn\iwil Gazette. The Nettie Turk.—Ln$t week a child about four years of age, the daughter of one of the (lifgffs ',i[ Ar.i luen, Ipst thp lisp pfojjo of lisr (in <19 for. game times from tho sling of the bovee-tree. The sling wiis so severe that it was expected she would never recover the use of the limb. Fortunately the contrary 1ms been the result. —' Goulburu Herald.' A Suencious Case.—The body of a man was found in the Barwon, jjenr (lip $fj(|tro\yn|ay Pmit, yeMmlnv, and it is"geiiernllvTielie'ved tljiat ii (\uii'((ev 1ms been com mitted.'The s^ull pye'ae'nt? a scions fracture, and at the hack of lbs hefid are three holes, large enough to admit ii finger. The pockets of the deceased were also filled with stones. An inquest will be held to-day.— 'Geelong Correspondent of the Argus.' Native IIeaii.—Wo have been shown a young native bear, now in the possession of Mr. I\?m(lpr, of the Victoria Hstel in this ti)\Y}i> Vy V''\u,nl H was pur chased fiojii il(| r>VOfiatiiia', who sssald ^o lm\p caught it in the }ntcr}of 'soiiie^iere l>e£we'?n hir? i'airy. The animal is as large as a moderate-sized sheep j it has immense claws, but tio tail.—' Portland Chroulile.' PlTCAins IstASCERS.—We lmve received a cheque for £17 l'Js. 8d. from the Dean of Melbourne, being the amount of a collection made at St. Jumps'? (!h|)rch at the service lipid on t||p 31s| jiisliipf, in fifcl of the fund for the jjf tilt} Pilffiiiil rsltiiulefc.- '.'Argils.' . Tub ' Fjbst yicTiiniAs' Pabuamkst.—Mr. J. P. Fawkner, it is said, iius conuuiesioned a local artist to execute u large palming of the opening of the Legisla tive Council, including careful portraits of all the members present. Such a picture will possess an his torical interest, which will increase with the lapse of lime.—Ibid. 