THE STAR. TUESDAY, Stli AUGUST, 1856. OUR CANDIDATES. UNDER the operation of the New Con stitution Act the legislative district of Ballarat becomes divided into that of North Grant and that of North Gren ville ; each returning one Member to our new Parliament. For some weeks pastjnany-tongued rumor has been busy reporting candi dates of all sorts-likely and unlikely -probable and possible ; as yet how ever, but two gentlemen have publicly notified their intentions of soliciting the most sweet voices of the electors of North Grant and North Grenville. These gentlemen are Messrs. Humffray and Lalor, our present Members of Council. The former gentleman affects Grant, the latter patronises Grenville. At present we have to do with the candidate for North Grant, as being first in the field. Mr. Humfiray rests his claims for support on a two-fold basis-that of past legislative service to his consti tuents, and the liberality and sound ness of his political faith on the ques tions of the day. In our remarks we shall be guided by the division which has been made, reviewing first Mr. Humffray's legislative career, and next his declared principles. " In coming forward a second time," says Mr. Hvunflray, in answer to the requisition presented to him, " I can refer with confidence to the records of the one session I had the honor of a scat, for evidence of the manner in which I attended to the duties that de volved upon me as a representative of Ballarat." Having closely watched thc legislative career of Mir. Iluiruffiray (as well as that of his colleague, of whom more anon,) during the past session of Council we are open to ac knowledge that he proved himself an active member of the house. "While he certainly failed, as promised on the hustings, " to make St. Patrick's Hall ring" as he doubtless meant to do : stül his vote was generally on the right side, and mostly forthcoming when wanted. j Taking Mr. Humffray and his legis lative career in globo, as Dr. Greeves would say of a supplementary estimate, we wül find him oftener light than wrong, and more frequently present than absent when important questions were under discussion. The position which Mr. Humffray achieved in the Council during his 'prentice session is not one of very marked eminence, though certainly it is considerably higher than that of many oidcr mem bers of the house, and vastly removed from that of several of the new gold fields' members who entered the Coun cil at the same time as he did. Calmly reviewing his whole legislative sayings and doings, we believe that while it was possible to procure a re presentative who would have ad vocated our claims more ably, it would be difficult to find one who could have done so more zealously. On the whole, whatever his short comings, we would be very slow indeed to confess that they arose from any lack of desire to benefit some section of his constituents. Most of our readers may remember Mr Humffray's speech, at the complimentary dinner given him by his supporters, in the George Hotel, on the evening of 11th April last. On that occasion Mr. Humfiray enumerated a catalogue of benefits which he said he had had secured for us, and which could be rivalled by that of no other member of the house for his constitu ents. We can only say that if the members of the government displayed their usual niggard] i ness in matters ap pertaining to Ballarat, and were beaten out of it by Mr. Humffray, he did more than all the other gold fields members put together. Wnile, however, wc are disposed to give Mr. Humffraj every credit for what he has done foi us, we would wish to remind bim thal he has overlooked one or two circum stances connected with his legislativ« career whick, when they transpired created no small stir on Ballarat "We wish to instance these matters if in his favor, that Mr Humffraj may enjoy the fruits of his labors, ant if the contrary, that he may have ai opportunity of setting himself righ with bis constituents. It will be remembered that at on< time we deemed it our duty, as publit journalists, to censure the conduct o our late and renowned Stipendiary Magistrate. He was then in full fea ther, giving forth Delphic decisions anent "ghost killing," and "til beastly murder of magpies," &c.; (By the-bye, the latest intelligence from hi new station informs us that he is no like old wine, improving with age. Mr Humffray considered it necessary "to give ^notice pf his intention to ask the Government whether it had made enquiries, &c; When the day of ques tioning arrived, Mr Humffray with drew his notice-he had been misin formed, Captain Vignoles had been falsely charged, &c; We would ask Mr Humfiray, or any man on Ballarat, whether or not Mr Humfiray was mis informed on the first or last occasion? and whether he would not have done a greater public benefit by disre garding private statements. On the hustings, November 10th, Mr Humffray, in reference to the Gold Export Duty, stated that he had re commended that tax in preference to the former unconstitutional system of levying a license fee. He said that he had chosen the less -of two evils, and then added, " Now, however, unless the squatter is to pay a duty upon the wool he exports, it would be necessary to abolish tiie law compelling the dig ger to pay a tax upon his gold," &c.; It happened, however, in the due course of parliamentary providence, that the abolition of the export duty on gold question came on early in the ses sion, and, after considerable discussion, i was put off, notwithstanding the honest opposition of good and true friends, among whom was Mr Humffray. Well, if unless the squatters were taxed the gold export duty were to be abolished, does it not follow that if the gold duty could not be abolished the squatter should be taxed-certainly, and every man who strove for the one and failed, should have tried harder to carry the other point ; but how stands the case? When the double assess ment on stock came on for considera tion, some who from their antecedents might have been expected to be absent from the house were so, and Mr. Humfiray who from his antecedents should not have been so was also absent; true enough his vote might not, or could not have carried the day, but still he was absent-why, it re mains to be shown. To one from whom less was to be hoped this might be pardoned, but to Mr. Humfiray, from whom better things were ex pected, it was an imperative, first duty to be in attendance. We have one or two other matters pertaining to his legislative career to notice in our next, as well as his de claration of principles, and we daresay that Mr. Humffray will thank us for having stated these facts, that he may take the earliest opportunity of putting himself right with his constituents on matters which he will acknowledge require some explanation. 