VICTORIA. OUR files from Melbourne are now supplemented to the 13th instant. .... Mr Humffray had given notice in the Legislative Council of an intention to ask the chief Secretary whether the government intend to institute, any enquiry into the extraordinary conduct of the str pendary magistrate acting for the district of Ballarat, viz., Captain Vignolles, who, it is alleged discharged a man who was accused of stealing a horse, upon the ground that inasmuch as the ani- , man had died pending the enquiry, " it would be like trying a man for murdering a ghost." At the district police court, on the 14th, James Nicol Forbes, late captain of the ship Schomberg, appeared to answer the charge laid in the following information The information and complaint of John Joseph Shillinglaw, Williamstown, in the co I lony of Victoria, senior sub-inspector of police, taken this 10th day of January, 1856, before Chas. Hackett, J.P., one of Her Majesty's justices of the peace, who on oath deposeth that, on or about the 26th day of December, 1895?, at Curtis' Reef, in the colony of Victoria, James Nicol Forbes, master of the British ship Schomberg, of Liverpool, in England, did neglect his duty as such master afore- said by omitting to do certain lawful acts proper, and requisite to be done by him for preserving the ' ship from loss." Mr. Read objected to the agnes ness of the information, which did not state under what statute the complaint had been laid. He also complained of the fact of Capt. Forbes being pulled about from court to court at the pleasure of the officers of the crown. He contended that the whole of the charges might have been heard at Williamstown, to which place he had been summoned. The summons was a most ingenious and cunningly devised one, as it purposely left them in the dark as to what the captain ought to have done. Mr. Gurner, the Crown so visitor. said that, as this was " merely a pri liminary inquiry, no particulars of the charge was necessary as it was merely necessary to send the defendant to trial to answer such charges as might be pre fern d against him. The bench considered that the defendant ought to know on the summons what charge he was to meet, and they should dismiss the present car. Mr. Read said that his client would be perfectly prepared to meet any charge that might be 1> gally preferred against him. Mr. Gurner would ride his own view of the air, and should obtain a water ant for the apprehension of the defendant, who, he had reason to believe, intended to make his escape from the colony. Mr. Gurner having left the court it became rumoured that it was intended to arrest Captain Forbes on a warrant as he left the court, and Mr. Read made an appeal to the bench against that course being adopted after their worship ' decision- Sortie discussion followed on the bench, and ultimately it was agreed to remand the prisoner until Thursday, bail being accepted for his appearance himself in £500, and two sureties of £250 each The meeting in order to consider the propriety I of * Electing our own Governor, was postponed on account of the period betwixt the announcement of the meeting and the time it was to have been held, not being considered by the requisitionists sufficient to give the demonstration that publicity its im portance demanded. 'I be sudden and unexpected . adjournment of the meeting, however, has given very general dissatisfaction. We (AGE) have received several letters of complaint on the subject, and we must say that we think the business was very sadly miss aged., One co-respondent writes as follows :-" I have no doubt that from 2000 to 3000 persons were, from first to land, outside the place of meeting and their expressions of dissatisfaction were neither few nor small. I make no doubt a meeting would have been held in the Amphitheatre, but for the fact that Mons. Fleury de manded a payment of £20. The consequence was that no person would undertake the risk of raising that sum. However, the following motion - was put to the meeting, proposed by Mr Vale and seconded by Mr Dash, "That this meeting views with indignation the conduct of the gentlemen who have convened this meeting." This motion was unanimously carried, as might have been expected. I A boarding house in Flinders-lane, kept by a coloured "gentleman" named William Stephney, and enjoying the title of the " Lord Rodney, from Heaven, and bound to return," has been burnt down. A store in the occupation of Mr Rostron, in the rear of Little Bourke-street east, has been burnt down. The building, weatherboard, two stories' high, and 90 feet square, was situated a few yards at the back of Astley's Amphitheatre, which it was ! feared at one time must have fallen a prey to the i devouring element. Application having been made to the Govern , meat for a bit: of land for the purpose of erecting a suitable public baths for the city, the request has been acceded to. Mt. Connick, already so favourably known as the author of a " Geography of Australia and New Zealand, He," has just issued a large and carefully compiled tinted Map of Victoria, with portions of New South Wales and South Australia, derived from drawings furnished by Captain Clarke, RE, Surveyor-General. In drawing up th a valuable digest of what is so far known of the region of boundless fertility and riches, Mr. Ben wick has had every facility afforded him by the ore best able to render aid, including access to the charts and tracings of the district surveyors. The roads throughout the colony, and from Melbourne to Sydney and Adelaide : the railway to the Murray and the sites of the various gold-field", are all due tinctly delineated. In addition to the usual features of such productions, the physical features of the three colonies are marked by placing against the name of a place, its geological character-the first attempt of the kind here. The map is of kin of size, conveniently folded up into a portable form, a highly creditable specimen of Mr. Gill's litho- graphy. The funeral of the late George Annand, Esq, took place on Saturday, his remains being followed to the grave by a numerous cavalcade of sorrowing friends. The depasture from among us of an old colonist who has held a prominent position in public life deserves something more than a passing a- tree at our hands. Mr. Annand was essentially the architect of his own fortune Born in a humble sphere, in Banffshire, Scotland, his parents were too poor to afford him even the cheap learning which the parochial schools of that favored country furnish and his scholastic education was limited to a solitary quarter. He had attained the rudi- ments of education, however, and the love of learning being strong within him, by the aid of such books as were within his reach, he pursued the path of knowledge while engaged in the humble occupation of a " herd laddie," until he became an expert penman, an excellent arithmetician and acquired a considerable knowledge of mathematics. While still a boy he removed to Aberdeen, where he worked his way up from errand boy to managing clerk in the course of a very few years, and eventual established himself in business as a confectioner, which he carried on successfully for many years. In 1841 he emigrated to this colony with his family, bringing with him considerable capital ; but, with characteristic caution, he preferred taking a situation to embarking in bus'-'' ness until he could see his way clear. < his first start in life < here, therefore, was in the capacity of book-keeper in the office of the late Captain Cane. In 1842 he commenced butter pass as a wholesale and retail grocer, in Collins street, having, in conduction with Mr. Robert Smith, now of the firm of Fulton and Smith, purchased the business of Drummond and Smith. , which he retained until about three years since. *' when he retired, For many years be stuck closely a to business, and took no part in public affairs, but latterly he evinced much interest in the Russia weal and took no inconsiderable share in pittUi'o airstrips 1 having twice represented Lonsdale V and in the City i ' Council, and having sat for»omel<¡meJñ the L»gi»la%'''.'* itfyo^Council as one of tfjo"represenlâtive»'of NottkV ' >* Bourke. He took great interest also in most of the Ino li int- tiieUiiistiluiiO'iiof'h city.iitidwisii» in? time a director of the tea k of V:c<>rin, ills Victoria Insurance To apathy. and the M U l-ourueand Hobson's Bay R dinny. , In a illin Me. Ann and w S on iiliia-lib>ml; but he- has imbibed an amusing di- like To remaining, and to guard against any danger to the 1 ny on the score, when the independence he saw approaching was attained, he proposed to send to send to England for one of the royal princes, to tie our future sovereign'. Punctiliously honorable and strict in all matters of business, and a hard hand at a liar gain, he was nevertheless, exceedingly charitable and benevolent, and many a man now v II to do evil the world owed his first start in life to the /^¿-'il,.inghand of Mr. Annand -AnooS. 