PUNCH'S HANDBOOKS TRAVELLERS. FOR "Handbook of travel talk outside ^omnibuses and inside railway-carriages. Is. 6d. The Art of travelling through the debates, with a short and easy plan for getting through them in the quickest possible space of time. 5s. Handbook of the Chancery Court, v^^jsith a list of the expenses incurred in r^~aetrating into the interior, and dill reetions for finding your way out again. / 3s. 6d. .Handbook for Sebastopol, with an outline of its beautiful panorama by Burford, and a slight notice of the " Parlez-Voos," and other wild tribes of Leicester-square, Is. Handbook for the Lowther Arcade, with valuable hints for effecting a rapid passage through the same, Is. Handbook of travel round a lady in ^full dress, with a large folding map, following the utmost limits of patience and crinoline to which the circumference, as recently enlarged, at present extends. 6s. Handbook for Bath, Coventry, Jericho, and other outlandish places, where disagreeable persons, that one is anxious to get expeditiously out of the way, are generally sent to. 4s. 6d. OPINION OP AN ELDER ON THE DISAPPEARANCE or FAIRIES.—"How do you account," said the Rev. Mr Macbean, of A Ives, to a sagacious old elder of his session, "for the almost total disappearance of ghosts and fairies that used to be so common in our young tlays? " " Tak' my word for't, minister," replied the shrewd old man, " it's a.' owing to the tea. When the tea cam' in, the ghaists and fairies gaed out. Weel do I mind, when at a' our neighborly meetings, bridals, christenings, lykewauks, an' the like, we entertained one another wi' rich nappy ale; and the verra doucest o' us used to get warm i' the face, an' a little confused i' the head; an' weel fit to see amaist unything when on the -muira on our way hame. But the tea has put out the nappy ; an' I have remarked that by losing the nappy, we lost baith ghaists and fairies."— Elgin Courier. ANECDOTE OF DR. "WARDLAW.— "Dr Wardlaw was on a tour through the north of Scotland, and was by no means strictly clerical in his costume, -but wore topped boots and other articles of dress corresponding to the necessities of a journey on horseback. This circumstance, added to the remarkably elegant appearance of the preacher, rather stumbled the faith of Mrs M , one of the old school. She looked wonders as she saw the young minister ascend the pulpit -stairs; but as he entered on his subject, she was observed to become most grave and attentive. When he had finished his discourse, she looked round to Mr S——, a , person of an exceedingly different cast of mind, and exclaimed, " Oh, woman! was na' that a great sermon for sic a young man ? But, O he's o'er braw and o'er bonny 1" "O'er braw!" replied Mrs S , "Fat. signifies a man's claes, if there be plenty of furniture ins mind? And to find fau't -with the dear young man because he's "bonny, is something like a reflection on the Creator himsel." —Dr. Alexander's ..Memoir of Br Wardlaw. THE ROYAL FAMILY OF OUDE.— The Queen Dowager of Oude is forty- ;five years of age. Her son, the dethroned king, is aged about twenty- «ight years, and her grandson, who is with her, and who is heir-apparent, is tabout sixteen years old. This youth is married, and has one child. The ^ ^brother of the dethroned king, who is also with the queen-mother, is a general in the native Oude army, and he, it appears, claims the throne in opposition to the heir-apparent; so that not only is the Oude family . coming to England to dispute with the East India Company for the possession of 'the throne of which the ex-king had been deprived, but also to settle a dispute amongst themselves, as t® who is the rightful heir. The queenmother, with her family and suite, paid nearly £800,0 to the Peninsular and Oriental Company for their passage from India to England. They .occupied the whole of the fore part of the mail steamer that conveyed them to Suez. They had a cooking galley fitted up for their accommodation, and they lived chiefly upon rice, kids, and goats, which they provided themselves, so that they have been at small expense to the Company. The Queen ' Dowager secluded herself on board, and no one scarcely, besides her own ftllowers, saw her face. She presented ~aptain Black, of the steamer Bengal, which conveyed her to Suez, with 1000 rupees, and every other officer of the ,ship with 500 rupees each. She also munificently compensated a seaman of the Bengal, who had fallen overboard. She has with her immense treasures. On arriving at Cairo she was indisposed, from the fatigue of travelling over the desert and she was carried perfectly concealed from the gaze of any one to her hotel. The Pasha of Egypt was tfbout to proceed from Alexander to Cairo by special train, to offer her civilities, and to place one of the palaces at lier highness's service. The necklace, valued at .£10,000, which was lost in the Red Sea, was intended as a present to Queen Victoria. Neither the Queen Dowager nor any of her suite had seen a ship or sea before they left their country, and fche at least must be a woman of some spirit and determination to undertake what she has done.—Daily News. ? ? ZYMOTIC OR FERMENTIVE DIS- EASES.—Some kinds of food acquire, by fermentation, the power of acting as poisonous ferments; and in this >ay German sausages sometimes pro- * ,duce violent vomiting and purging by the aetion o£ the poison on the stomach: and bowels, whilst in other cas^ it is absorbed into the bloood, and produces a peculiar kind of slow poisoning effect. It is well known, too, that the: entrance of any putrid matter directly: Jatothe blood -"through a wound pro- duces great constitutional disturbance, often causing putrid fever and death. There can be no doubt that some diseases, which may be introduced by inoculation, such as small pox and others of an infectious nature, such as measles and scarlet fever, which attack the same individual only once, running a definite course, produce an effect on the blood of ^ a ~ fermentive nature xxomm ;, emu. and that their action on the economy is of this nature seems to be sufficiently - - - re cognised in the fact that the Registrar General calls them zymotic, or fermen tive diseases. He is worthy of notice that the poison or contagion of these diseases is destroyed by the same agents which stop putrefaction and fer mentation and that elevation of temperature to the boiling point, which stops all fermentive actions, destroys also the in fectious matter of all diseases. We have seen that there are many" anti fermentive agents, with the exact effects of which the chemist is but little acquainted, and the properties of which, though they admit of being absorbed into the blood, so as to act on any fermenting matter there, have not been at all examined by medical men in relation to their power of destroying such morbid poisons. I have mentioned the fact that bichloride of mercury is one of the most powerful anti-fermentive agents, which not only explains how mercurials act in fermenting disorders of the bowels, but may also throw some light on the manner in which mercury when introduced in the system, acts as the most energetic remedy in eradicating syphilis. The poison of serpents, which causes a rapid septic or putrefactive action, and even gangrene in the part to which it is applied, is probably a ferment of albuminous nature. It is worthy of notice that albuminous substances are not really absorbed by mucous surfaces, and hence this poison has no bad effect on the mouth, and when received into the stomach it is so acted on by the gastric juice that its properties are entirely destroyed. —Dr. Turnbull on Disorders of the Stomach. IDENTITY OP ORGANIZED BEINGS. —The capacity of an organized being, to be perpetuated by the construction of other organized beings is truly wonderful; for the essential peculiarities are transmitted for thousands and thousands of years. When we inspect the remains of Egyptian antiquity in the British Museum we are struck with the similarity of the various animals which are represented in the drawings, or which are preserved by the process of embalming. Cuvier observes : "I have carefully examined the figures of animals and birds engraven on the numerous obelisks brought from Egypt to ancient Rome. In the general character, which is all that can have been preserved, these representations perfectly resemble the originals as we now see them. M. Geoffrey St. Hilaire collected numerous mummies and skeletons of the present day." Lawrence, in his beautiful and valuable work on man, observes, the animals are just the same now as at any, even the remotest, period of our acquaintance with them. The zoological descriptions of Aristotle, composed twenty-two centuries ago, apply in all points to the individuals of the present time ; and every incidental mention of animals, or allusion to their characters and properties, in the writings of historians, poets, and fabulists confirms their identity of form and endowments.— Smee on Instinct and Reason. POLICE ESPIONAGE IN JAPAN.— The feature of making officials ierve in pairs, as spies upon each other, we may here remark, once for all, pervades the entire polity of Japan. Everybody is watched. No man knows who are the spies around him, even though he may be and is acquainted with those that are official. The emperors themselves are not exempt; vizier, grand councillors, vassal princes, provincial secretaries, all are under the eye of an everlasting unknown police. The wretched system is even extended to the humblest of the citizens. Every city or town is divided into collections of five families, and every member of such a division is personally responsible for the conduct of the others ; everything, therefore, which Occurs in one of these families, out of the ;usual course, is instantly reported to the authorities by the other four to save themselves from censure. It has well been said that the Government of Japan is a " Go- vernment of spies."— Dr. Hawks' American Fxpedition to Japan. MORAL COURAGE.—Sydney Smith, in his work on moral philosophy, speaks in this wise of what men lose for want of a little moral courage, or independence of mind:—"A great deal of talent is lost in the world for want of a little courage. Every day sends to their grave a number of obscure men who have only remained in obscurity because their timidity has prevented them from making a first effort; and who, if they could have been induced to begin, would in all probability have gone great lengths in the career of fame. The fact is, that to do anything in this world worth doing, we must not stand shivering, and thinking of the cold and the danger, but jump in and scramble through as well as we can. It will not do to be perpetually calculating tasks, and adjusting nice chances; it did very well before the flood, where a man could consult his friends upon an intended publication for an hundred and fifty yaars, and then live to see its success afterwards ; but at present a man waits, and doubts, and hesitates, and consults his brother, and his uncle, and particular friends, till one £ne day he finds that he is sixty years of age ; that he has lost so much time in consulting hi> first cousins and particular friends, that he has no time to follow his advice." 