DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. THEATEB ROTAI. - Advantage has been taken of Mr. Brookes temporary sojourn in Melbourne to give a dramatic performance this evening, at the Theatre Royal. The pieco selected is the "Serious Family" always a great favorito with theatrical audiences in this city. On the present occasion it will be powerfully cost, as Mrs. Heir. Sirs. Phillips, and Messrs. G. V Brooke, Coppin, and Sounge, will sustain the charactersI of Mrs. Ormsby Dalmainc. Lady Sowerby Creamy, Captain Murphy Maguire. Aminadab Sleek, and Charles lurent respec- tively; and the holiday-making public ¿ay therefore calculate upon enjoying a great treat. An additional interest will also attach to the performance from tho fact of its bein ]Erí¿v.Br£oke?ü,?t »PPcwwico upon the boards' of tho Royal, whore Le is certain to experience an enthusiastic reception. After the comedy a series of tableaux vivons will bo exhibited, illustrative of tho war in tho Crimea ; and the performances will conclude with " To Oblige Benson. Mr. Brooke leaves Melbourne to- morrow, to fulfil an ongagemont at Sydney QUAND REVIEW, IN CELEBRATION OÏ' PEACE BEINO Pnoci.AiMED.-Tho whole of the trooi» in garrison will parade, in review order, on the ground near the Prince's Bridge Barrack« this dav (Wednesday), at twoTcloch*»S cisely. m celebration of peace being pro ' POPULAR LECTORES.-This evening: a.lecture will bo delivered by Dr. Embling, M.L.C., on the tomewhat mysterious subject of ' Au , Hour with Ghosts," in the United Preaby u-iian Chapel, Napier-street, Collingwood. I EMERALD HILL MECHANICS' INSKIOTE. Dr. Macadam delivered his second lecture on 'Monday evening, in the Great Iron Store. The lecturer chose for his subject, The Chemistry of Water, with reference to the sources, properties, and distinctive characters, of natural waters ; the impurities of the water supplied to large towns, and the means for their detection, and remarks on the Yan {Yean water." The audience were agreeably 'surprised at the interesting nature of the lecture, many having boen prepared to listen to a, if a not strictly " dry," at any rate an nninteresting dissertation on an everyday sub- ject, but the instructive and amusing ex- periments with which Dr. Macadam illus- trated his lecture convinced the audience that water, os a subject for a lecture, was not nearly so insipid as might have been imagined. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.-We have beon re- quested to announce that the following gen- tlemen have consented to take charge of the I classes at the Mechanics' Institute for tho ensuingsession :-Experimental Physics, John Macadam, M.D., Glasgow; Mathematics, Rev. T. P. Fenner, M.A., Cambridge ; tho English Language, Rev. W. Baxter, M.A., Cambridge. We would also draw the attention of our readers to the advertisement, inviting all those who intend to join the classes to attend at the Institution, to meet the Lecturers, on Friday evening. CITY CRIME.-Nineteen persons, appre- hended in the streets on Monday night for drunken and disorderly conduct, were brought before Mr. Superintendent Freeman at his Sri vate office yesterday ; seventeen of tho num er were fined in the usual penalty, and two discharged. Jane Singleton, Ellen Green, MaTy Riley, Rebecca Livingston, Richard Bent, Samuel Stephens, and John Powerly.on charges of disorderly conduct in the street and vagrancy, were remanded to Thursday. There was not a single case of felony entered on the sheet. BAILWAYS.-The cause of railways in this colony is, wo believe, fast gaining ground, not only among public economists, but in general estimation. In fact, it must have clone so, after the earlier struggles were over, from their intrinsic and undeniable importance. The nature of the country, the vast distance of the locations, and the dependence of all central prosperity upon the pioductions of those more remote parts, were all guarantees that individual objections would soon come to be dispelled, or at least overruled. The country requires to be peopled, and in older to this it must bo allocated, and rendered practicable for enterprise and industry. Monopoly in public lands requires to ' fe destroyed, and the industrious of all sorts call for fields of earnest labor. But none of these things are possible, except in a very limited degree, with such roads as have hitherto been capable of construction. Sorno new means of inland communication there- fore, insuring rcasonablo dispatch, if not rapidity, with the security necessary for goods and passengers, and the certainty and regularity necessary for mails, and corres- pondingly cheap and economical, _ have be- come so indispensable as to precipitate us upon the Railway system before we have even common turnpike roads, as in the old countries. Tho issue is unavoidable, and no reasonings of objectors can prevent, or oven much delay, it. "Railroads we must havo, and the only question at last is how to them without such crushing costs as would neutralize all their advantages.- Sydney Enl- im c. OUR OAPAWHI'IES. - Adolaido not only threatens Victoria but the sister colony ¡ft well. Sydney will havo quite enough work for railways to compete with tho Adolaido steamers which are already abstracting the trade of tho Murrumbidgee and the Lachlan. She will run no wild-goose chase after impos- sibilities, and quietly see those fine tracts of country completely taken out of her hands, She must moot Adelaide enterprise, and divide the traffic with her. Melbourne has, how- ever a stronger interest in this question thau is consistent with utter jndifTerence, Her »2. sition gives her better claims than either ol these places to the duty of supplying the3o ? districts. The geographical boundary of Vic- toria decidedly extends to the Murrumbidgee, It will, indeed, be through a want of the mo3t ordinary energy and foresight, if she allow a rival in the north, some four hundred mileg distant, and another in the west, at lea3t double that distance, to forestall her in what should be her own markets. Yet, unless a vigorous effort is made to bring these districts a little nearer by railways, such a consumma- tion must iuevitably bo arrived at.-Bendigo Advertiser. BALLAAIIAT MUNICIPALITY. - In Monday's Government Gazette is published a series of bye-laws instituted by the Municipal Council of Ballaarat, and assented to by the Acting Governor. LAND SALE AT MELBOURNE.-On the 30th instant, the following Crown lots will be sold at Melbourne:-7 countiy, between Ballan and Blackwood diggings, near the village of Greendale ; 32 at Gorong, similarly situated to the preceding lots ; 3 at Gorrockburkghap, On Parwan Creek, near Glenmore, adjoining the village of Rowsley, load from Melbourne to Ballaarat, and near Labilliere's station; 1 at Yallock Vale ; 2 at Yangardook ; and l8 at Mlnton's Ci -ek, Gipps Laud Road. LAND SALES AT CAS TLESIAINE.-With refe- rence to the land sale appwntcd to take place on the 4th July, the Government Gazette announces that the upset price of town lot 1 has been fixed at £240 per acre, and of lots 3, 4, and 5 at £30 per acre. The improvements on lots 28,31,32, aud 33, advertised to be sold tho following day, have been valued respec- tively at £55 4s., £30, £110 14s., and £157 10s. GOVERNMENT TENDERS.-The Government have called for tendéis for the erection of ad- ditional stone buildings at the Lunatic Asylum; for the erection of fencing at ou nil the various quarries near Melbourne, and for certain fittings to the Custom House, Gee- long. TUE MELBOURNE CONVEYANCE.-On Friday evening Cobb's coach arrived about ten o'clock, the detention having been caused by waiting at Castlemaine for the Melbourne coaches, which, however, had not arrived at the hour at which tho conveyance started from Sandhurst. We aio therefore without the Melbourne papers, or any intelli- gence from tho metropolis later than that already given. Of course the detention must bo In that terrible Black Forest, and it is just possible that the conveyances have been shaken to pieces on the "corduroy" road, tho travelling over which is becoming a kind of torture looked upon by the hapless wretch whom business calls to Melbourne with horror.-Bendigo Advertiser. A TALE OP MYSTERY.-Information was sent into town last Sunday (22nd ult.) that in the neighborhood of Myers Flat a woman had been murdered, and a mock inquest held on the body,-Mr. M'Lachlan, our worthy magistrate, and the police, being personated with great tact. The information came from a girl of ton years of age, who gave the police tho most minuto description of the whole afi'air. Sho pointed out the situation of tho tent where the mock inquest was held ; she described the appearance of the body and its wounds, tho stylo of dress of the parties representing the authorities, also the action and manner of Mr. M'Lachlan to the life, saw the man accused of the murder givon in charge to the police, and described the funeral as taking placo on the following day We suppressed the information at the time hy special request, the authorities fearing the publication might defeat the ends of justice; hut as some days havo now elapsed, and not the slightest clue to the unravelment 0f the ^mystery has beon obtained, wo consider wo are justified in giving it publicity, and possibly it may bo found that publicity through tho columns of a newspaper, so far from defeating the ends of justice, may prove even at this tho eleventh hour the means of traping tho perpetrators of this foul deed, It is but right to state that every exertion du , ring the last three days, has been made by the police on Myer's Flat, the scene of the mystery, but without success. The girl has been in custody, but does not vary in her statements : she points out the locality, but no clue has been found, but we hope and trust for the honor of humanity, that if any one on Myer s Flat knows anything of the matter If any parties have removeeli or if any sounds of quarrelling havo beon hoard in which a female was concerned-they will at once com- municate with tho authorities on the subject. It is an affair in which the wholo community are interested, for if such things aro perpe- trated with impunity, and the cool audacity which characterises this affair, no one will be Bafe, and ft is tho bounden duty of the re Biiectable portion of the community to see that the majesty of the law is not allowed to be thus violated.-Bendigo Advertís». WHAT IS TUE RAILWAÏ BOARD Dom« .> To all outward seeming tho Ballway Board is as quiescent as the mud ; and if it does not Bhortiy exhibit BOino iustances of vitality it will become quito os objectionable. Tho Go vernment is in no want of funds;, and not be- ing in want of funds, its credit is necessarily good: laborers, it is said, are Procurableita ? Sufficient numbers from one or two o* the ad- jacent colonies ; and the weather, bad as It w, mnd has been, has not been so inclement as to preclude the prosecution of railway works. And yet, we ask again, what has been done, what is doing, and what is likely to bo.done '. The old stereotyped answer presents itseit Nothing ! IB the recently organised Railway Board in Melbourne a colonial branch of the British Circumlocution Office : and is Mr. Woolley playing the part of Mr. Tito Barnacle? If so, it is easy to foresee that mud will bo the chronic malady of our roads, and muddle the chronic evil of the government depart- ment charged with the construction andcon Bcrvation of our railroads-supposing that they should ever [exist otherwise than on. paper, which is at present doubtful !- Mount Alexander Mail. MELANCHOLY ACCIDENT AT MOSQUITO PLAINS.—Messrs. Garrie and Ward, sheep- farmers, Mosquito Plains, recently sold their stock and station, with the intention of go- ing to New Zealand, there to settle. On Wed- nesday, the 11th June, as they, with their fa- milies, were proceeding on their journey thither, a few miles below Merino Inn, Mos- quito Plains, and on the main road to Port- land, Mrs. Ward was riding in a bullock-dray, while her brother drove the team. He unfor- tunately, in order to avoid a tree on the near side of the dray, shied the bullocks off, and ran right against another tree on the opposite side with such violence as to knock it down. This gave the dray such a sudden jerk as to throw Mrs. Ward, who sat in front, out be- fore the wheel, which instantly passed over her chest, and caused immediate death. The poor woman was nursing her child, six months old, at the time of the accident, but it fortunately escaped uninjured. On Friday morning, the 18th ult., a respectable jury were assembled, and returned the verdict of Accidental Death.——Portland Guardian. POCKET PICKING-At the City Court; oa Saturday a man named Thomas White was charged with picking the pocket of Joba Gordon. The prosecutor did not appear; but as this was the second time the prisoner had been charged with a similar offence,' the Bench refused to discharge him. Remanded! till Monday morning, when the prosecutor not appearing, tho prisoner was discharged. FROM GEELONG-Atibe City Court on Sa- turday a man named Job« Stillman ' was brought upon a v,arrant, appHmnded by De- tective Randall, elumal willi neglecting to support his cb'1-1. The warrant, ii appeared, liad been forvm-'lrl ft oin (.¡-'ulong for tho prb Boner's apprehen-ioii, «ml '.iii* BcueU directed bim to beBont'baci' co that to-ra. VIOE-REQAL REBIDEHC:" ---lui- Exoil louey £ir Henry Fox SToung appears io bo dtfiinui to give fair play to the íubvbiliiiis ¿if- this Hie northern metropolis of luimaniu, Ly 10 siding a portion ol the year in 'Lauuce-'tott», Arrangements are making at the Government; Cottage for the reception of his Excellency, family, and suite, about the middle of Sep- tember, from whence he will continue to re . aide until the end of the year,-passing, pro- bably, the Christmas amongst us. We may observe, on behalf of the inhabitants of the town, that thoy will give his Excellency a cordial welcome, aud be gratified with Ms Bocioty so long as it pleases him to remain amongst thom.-Cornwall Chronicle. ROBBERIES FROM THE PERSON.-Edward Lynch and Martin Kelly, on charges of robbery from the person at the City Court on Saturday, were remanded. ABSCONDERS.-Thomas Davis and Robert Bums were brought up at the City Court ou Saturday, apprehended by Detective Powell, on the charge of being prisoners of the Crown illegally at largo from Van Diemen's Land. The prisoners, it appeared, were released from the Pentridge Stockade on the previous day, having received sentences for offences com- mitted in this colony. Both prisoners pleaded fuilty, and were remanded to Van Diemen's iond. DEATH ruosr INTEMPERATE HABITS.-An inquest was held on Monday, before Dr. Wil- mot, city coroner, ou tho body of Catherine Gallaven.a widow, thirty-fiv^ "enyg- 0f age I7l;C S'1?". Git vii? previous day from an en- larged aud diseased liver. The deceased wa^ a person of intemperate habits, and Dr. Da- niel,, who made a post mortem examination ol the body, stated that the cause of death was an enlargement and disease of the liver, in- duced by hard drinking. Verdict accordingly. TUE WEATHER.-One of the most fearful gales experienced in this district for some years was felt on Friday evening last. The storm commenced about eleven o'clock, and continued with unabated fury until daylight next morning. The gusts of wind we're abso- lutely fearful, and in many place3 where the buildings wore elevated, the inmates'were in momentary expectation of danger. Since the storm, the weather has been very changeable, and an immense quantity of rain has fallen, pouring absolutely in torrents during Satur- day and Sunday last.- Warrnambool Examiner OBTAINING GOODS UNDER FALSE PRETENCES. -Timothy Marney, on remand from the Citj Court, was again brought up on Monday ou the charge of obtaining goodB under false pretences. The prisoner, it appeared, had re- ceived a shawl from a man named Linley, a resident in Little Bourkc-street, for sale on commission at the rate of Is. in the ¿El. The shawl cost 25 guineas, and the owner told him that he was to sell it, even if ho could not get over £5 for it. Witness Bubsequentlj beard that the prisoner had sold the shawl for £13, but he only returned £5, from which be deducted Gs. for commission. The priso ncr wes remanded till Thursday, in ordei that it might be ascertained whether or not be could bo made liable to the charge, under tlie peculiar circumstances of the case. STOLEN PROI>KRTÍ\\-A rough-looking fellow who is well known to the police, and whe Eave the name of Robert Cuse, was appro ended iu tho street, on Sunday night, with t Baddle, bridle, martingale, aud articles o: clothing in his possession. Ou being brought before the City Com ton Monday, the prisoaei pretended that he did not know how hi became possessed of the property, and ti« Bench ordered him, to be remanded, that the owner of the articles might be sought out. A VIOLENT CHARACTER.-At the City Court on Monday a mau named John O'Neill was charged with breaking windows, threatening the life of Ellen Throgmorton with a life pre- server, and assaulting Maryann Howitt, on Saturday evening last, in Little Lonsdalo street. The prisoner, who is well known to the police, pleaded drunkenness as an excuse for his violent conduct, and alleged that Ellen Throgmorton had harbored the woman with whom he was living (Hewitt) after she bad taken away all his money. The woniiu Hewitt appeared in court with her head ban daged and her eyes blackened, and the evi- dence disclosed a gross scene of dissipation and riot. The Bench ordered the fellow to pay a penalty of 20s., and 0s. for damage to the windows. RoBBura A TILL.-John Gibbons, a power ful-lookiug fellow with two black eyes was charged at the District Cour on Mon day with robbing the till of the Galway Arms public-house, Dandcnong-road. The prisoner was caught in the act, and his do lenco did not meet tho case against him in any point. He was sentenced to six mouths imprisonment with hard labor. THE WEATHER IN BENDIGO.-Our old ene my, rain, has returned, and our muddy littl creek is making violent endeavors to swel itself to the dimensions of a river. The am bitious little Williamson-streot stream, whicl had 'gonefrom our gaze,"has reappeared doubtless to the infinite delight of our mutti cipal mudlarks, who might cure it, but won't The rain commenced falling about ten o'clocl yesterday morning, and continued, with shor intervals, during the whole of the day,-i was frequently accompanied by shott wine squalls. We are sick of repeating that th town is in as filthy a stato as it well can be -an agrégate of thick mud and muddy watet -Mendigo Advertiser. ROBBERY FROM THE PERSON.—A person of bad character, named Ann King, was charged at the City Court on Monday with robbing man named John Brown, a gold- digger, of £24, in a house of Ill-fame, off Little Lonsdale- street, on Sunday evening last ; and Jacob Currie, a man of color, and the reputed keeper of the house in which the robbery was committed, was also brought up on the charge of being accessary to the robbery, and with keeping a house of ill-repute. The money, it appeared from the evidence given by Brown, was enclosed in a purse in his pocket when he entered the house, and some- time after, after having been in the company of the female, he discovered that the money had been taken out of the purse. There appeared, however, to have been ten or twelve persons, mostly females, in the house at the time, and when Sergeant Donovan came up the money had been passed away from the female pri- soner's possession, none being found on her. There was, no evidence of any participation of Currie in the robbery, but it was stated that he supplied two bottles of brandy at 6s. per bottle, and took another 10s. from Brown. The Bench believed the female prisoner had taken the money, and ordered her to be com- mitted for trial. The prisoner Currie was discharged. 