LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. PUBLIC MEETING. A meeting of the electors of the Western Boroughs was held on Saturday evening last in Mrs. Whltton's long room, for the purpose of affording Mr. James Byrnes an opportunity of giving public expression to his sentiments. Soon after half past seven o'clock the room began to fill, and by unanimous consent, Mr. H. Rotton was called to the chair. In opening the meeting, the chairman said he was obliged to the parties present for the honor they had conferred upon him, and he would en- deavour to act impartially in the position in which they had placed him. He then read the advertisement by which the meeting had been convened, and stated that Mr. Byrnes had called them together in order that they might hear his political views, and to give them an opportunity of asking him any questions which might be deemed necessary. He hopod they would con- duct themselves with propriety and hear Mr Byrnes patiently ; and if any other electors should address the meeting, he hoped they would abstain from all unfair and improper per- sonalities, and that they would be heard with patience and fairness. He then introduced Mr. Byrnes to the meeting, who, upon coming for- ward, was greeted with a cordial welcome. Mr. Byrnes said it was the first time in his life that he had ever solicited the suffrages of any body of electors, excepting two occasions, when he appeared as a candidate for the County of Cumberland, and addressed them from the hustings. But previous to the present election, he had never canvassed on his own account, although he had repeatedly done so on behalf of others. However, he now appeared before them for the purpose of enunciating his political opinions, and to give them an opportunity of questioning him upon any points on which they might wish to be informed. He hoped they had met on common ground, as one thing was certain, they ought all to have one object in view, namely that of sending the best man into council as their representative ; and, if after they had heard him they should be of opinion that the principles he held were good, and calculated to promote the best interests of the country, he hoped to be returned. But, if on the other hand, they thought his views were not sound, and re- turned Mr. Holroyd as the bost man, he should not be offended. He would take that opportu- nity of saying that if he had been the first man in the field, and had secured the promises of a large number of the electors before any other candidate came forward, and another gentleman afterwards solicited their suffrages, he as a mat- ter of principle, would release all who had pledged themselves to him, and give them an opportunity of voting for the best man. He did not appear before them merely to secure a seat in the new council, that was not necessary, as without difficulty he could have obtained a seat for Parramatta, the town in which he had spent nearly the whole of his life, and where at the present moment the electors were contending for him, determined if possible to have him as their member, but notwithstanding this flattering circumstance, he had chosen rather to contest the election for Bathurst. He had accepted the invitation of many of the electors of the Western Boroughs, because he had for a long time past watched the conduct of their late repre- sentative, Mr. Holroyd, in the Council and from the course which that gentleman had pursued, he believed that the views and interests of the electors of Bathurst were not properly represented. He, (Mr. B.) had therefore come forward to oppose him in the contest which was only now commencing. He must say it was neither fair to him, (Mr. B.) nor to the electors, that Mr. Hol- royd should have been so long in the field without publishing a statement of his political views, a itj-ocUia duty of all aspiring to be statesmen to country in general, a clear and expif --i- u^u_^.i.,. tion of their leading political opinions. It had been asserted by some of his opponents that he, (Mr. B.) would never shew his face in Bathurst, giving as their reason for saying so— that he was afraid— that he had not the ghost of a chance — and that he had better go and hang himself, (here some little confusion took place, occasioned by the cries of the opposition, when Mr. Byrnes claimed the right to be heard as he was one of the electors.) The speaker then said that Mr. Holroyd himself had exceeded his friends in liberality and had offered to give him a number of votes and pay all his expenses during the elec- tion for the pleasure of beating him. He, (Mr. B.) had nothing to ask for at the hands of the Government ; he was no place hunter ; by the sweat of his brow he had earned his money, and having a great stake in the country he would not give up any of his political rights, and if they thought to put him down by clamour they would find themselvea mistaken. His printed address had for some time been before the electors, and in that address he had briefly stated his views on some of the leading questions of the day. He would now direct their attention to the constitu- tion under which the new parliament is to be formed. The electors no doubt had all seen the votes which had been recorded on that question during the sittings of the late council. They had heard from Mr. Holroyd, that there was no nomineeism in the New Constiution, but that the upper house was to be summoned or appointed. Such indeed were the words of the bill, but when Mr. Martin moved in the council for an elective upper house, the motion was lost and Mr. Holroyd was one of those who voted against it ; it was therefore very clear that he (Mr. Holroyd) was in favour of a nominated rather than an elective upper houseo. It was generally admitted to be one of the worst features of the case that the first ministry (which was not likely to remain in office for more than a few days) would, with the Governor, appoint the up- per house for the first five years, and at the ex- piration of that term the members of that house would take their seats for life. If therefore they (the electors) were prepared to bear such an in- cubus quietly, they had better send in Mr. Hol- royd, but he thought they were not prepared to put up with such a measure, as they had already petitioned strongly against it. He would now refer to the two-thirds majority clause which he thought was not generally understood. There were in fact two two- thirds clauses, the first of which referred entirely to the electoral distributing of representative members under the old act. (Mr. B here read the following extract from clause 15 of the new constitution act—" Provided always that it shall not be lawful to present to the Go- vernor of the colony for her Majesty's assent any Bill by which the number or apportionment of representatives in the Legislative assembly may be altered, unless the second and third readings of such Bill in the Legislative Council and the legislative assembly respectively shall have been passed with the concurrence of a majority of the members for the time-being of the said legislative council, and of two-thirds of the members for the time-being of the said legislative assembly ; and the assent of her Majesty shall not be given un- less an address shall have been presented by the legislative assembly to the Governor, stating that such Bill has been so passed." They (the people) would find it quite impossible to alter or amend that act, so as to give more members to the more thickly populatod parts of the country, unless they sent into the now council men who were fully prepared to oppose this clause to the utmost ; for it must be borne in mind that it must be two thirds not merely of the members present, when the matter should be brought before them, but it must be " two thirds of the members for the time being of the said legislative assembly." It was not at all probable that any members of the former council, who then voted for the Bill, and who now says he is prepared to give it a fair trial. He would vote against it, if it should be brought forward again. And what would be the consequence of this measure ? Why the squattages would have in perpetuity the large amount of influence in the house which they have hitherto enjoyed to the damage of the large masses of the population. In the past political history of the colony, the squat- ters on all the great questions of the day, have been with the government, and the government with them, so much so that the popular and liberal members of the house could do but little in the way of opposition, and this state of things could not be altered, unless men of liberal views were returned as the reprosantaives of the people. The great object of this clause was that these lords of vast domains should hold their lands in perpetuity. If then the electors of Bathurst wished to have their lands thus locked up they should send Mr. Holroyd to represent them (cries of we will, and cheers for Mr. Holroyd). Well if they were de- termined they might do so, but if he (Mr. B.) did not obtain a seat for Bathurst he should for some other place, and then he should be prepared to exert himself to the utmost to amend all the objectionable parts of the new constitution, and would tell them that if they refused him, they woud refuse a good man ; for at any rate he was on good terms with himself. Mr. B here passed a high encomium upon Mr. Wentworth whom he mentioned as his old friend — a man with a master mind, and one who could grapple with any subject ( no matter how great) that might be brought before the council, but at the same time he must say that like many other great men, he was not without his faults. He (Mr. W.) was one of those who supported the two thirds clause, because he was a large squatter,and when the imperial parliament gave the legislature of the colony power to alter it, he said that " all was lost." The second two-thirds clause had refer- ence to the alteration of the new constitution, and he would again remind them, that the two thirds required, was not two-thirds of the mem- bers present at the time of the discussion, but two thirds of the whole of the members, whether in or out of the house at the time, and therefore the greater the monstrosity of the clause. He would ask them what there was in the British constitu- tion, or in the constitution of any of the colonies of Britain that could be said to be assimilated to this, and he would remind them, that all these clauses had reference entirely to the Political Wit- ness that they might ascertain what steps had been taken to obtain more members for the populous districts of the colony, and how they had been defeated, and said that those steps were taken in order that the great influence the squatters held in the house might be counteracted for the gene- ral good. He (Mr. B.) had no feeling con- trary to the just rights of the squatters ; connected as he was with all the great interests of the colony, he could not attempt to throw down one for the sake of elevating another. He was one of those who looked upon the pastoral interest as the great interest of the country. The squatters had done much towards making the colony what it was, by the growth of wool, tallow, &c.; At the same time he was very well aware that they had made a good bargain with the government, and he thought they could afford to display a little liberality to the colonists if required He had said they had made a good bargain, and all they were entitled to under that bargain they should receive at his hands. He was prepared to carry out fully all the engagements entered into with them by the government. The squatting interest however was not near so dan- gerous to the best interests of the colony as that monster of iniquity, the pre-emptive right system, by which tens of thousands of acres of land had been lock up— land which would have been occupied by settlers and have produced that grain; for which we had been obliged to send our money to foreigners. His attention was first directed to the greatness of the evil at the turn of the great flood at Gundagai, at which time he was in his own .u,,^.!..^.!.^. ..business which required considerable period. In consequence of the flooded state of the country, the magistrates were not able to get into town to attend to the duties of the court At this time a land sale was held, over which he as a magistrate of the territory presided, and he should think there were not less than fifty persons there who had employed the surveyors and who were there to purchase the land advertized for sale. There was a large estate on that side of the country which gave the owners some seventy sections of pre-emptive right lands, and some of the land advertized for sale had been selected from these lands. One lot was advertized for sale and when put up after having been described, the clerk said he had received orders to withdraw it. A plain sensible country- man then came forward, and said he considered it a very hard case ; he had caused the land to be surveyed and put up for sale, and after riding many miles to attend the sale, on that day he received intimation for the first time that the land was withdrawn, and he thought, he was very hardly dealt with. Another case of the same description occurred on the same day. After the sale he enquired of the clerk the reason of the withdrawal, and was shown a letter from the Colonial Secre- tary's Office, ordering the withdrawal of the said lands because they formed part of the preemptive right land of two wealthy and influential landed proprietors in that part of the colony. He, (Mr. B.) had written to parties in authority upon the subject, but could not obtain any redress for the parties concerned This was the first time he had been made fully sensible of the great evils resulting from the pre-emptive right system. The great difference between the two systems, was, that the squatting regulations came to us as the order of council, while the pre-emptive right orders were merely the orders of the Colonial Secretary. Many poor persons in the colony, especially of those from the sister Isle, wish to obtain small blocks of land upon which they may build them- selves homes, and settle down with their families, at the same time they are in the habit of sending money home for the purpose of bringing their friends whom they wish to see settled in the same way, but under the existing land regulations, their wishes and designs were thwarted. He further said that if sent into the council it was his design to endeavour to get the land surveyed in quantities that the wants of all might be supplied; and any person might be able to select a spot for himself and by paying down the cash become a lord of the manor without com- petition. (A voice : you ought to have been here sooner.) When all the pre-emptive right lands were sold if there was still a demand we must fall back upon the available lands held by the squatter. A great outcry has been raised that a large portion of the land occupied by the squatter was not worth a farthing per acre and yet some of them could sell their sheep well if the land went with them. For instance, a person having 50,000 sheep sold them and the stations for £50,000 and allowing the sheep to be worth 10s. each that would leave 10s. per acre for the land, said not to he worth the smallest coin of the realm. His plan was to let the squat- ter hold all his lands till they were wanted for the millions that must one day occupy this vast em- pire. He thought they might have had some rea- son to complain at being made to pay so much for grass which had it not been eaten would have been useless ; but he would let them have all the grass and only ask them for the land when it was required. With reference to railways he was a great advocate for that means of commu- nication, and the more frequently he travelled over the mountains the more was he convinced of the absolute necessity for railways; but he was annoyed and astonished at the profligacy displayed on the play-toy from Sydney to Parra- matta, and although the present Governor was a man of vast scientific attainments, yet if he had all the money he would expend on rail- roads, a debt would be incurred which the lands of the colony would hardly ever be able to pay, that is, if the same amount of profligacy was manifested. What would be the effect on New South Wales, if every 14 miles of railroad cost half a million of money ? Why in ad- dition to having our tea and sugar taxed our very noses would not be exempt from taxation. Still, under proper management, and judicious control, he was an advocate for the ex- tension of railroads. He would now show them a dodge of Mr. Holroyd's on the question of railroads, by referring again to the Political Witness, from which it appeared that— " On the 29th of November, the Auditor-General moved that a sum of £600,000 be voted for the con- struction of railways in 1856. An address pray- ing the Governor-General to place this sum on the estimates had been previously carried on the motion of Mr. Holroyd, but on this occasion that honorable member was absent on Government business at Moreton Bay. Hence the fate which awaited the proposition for voting the money." On a division there were ayes 11, and noes 11. " The chairman gave his vote with the noes, and declared the question to have been carried in the negative Had Mr. Holroyd been in his place, it is not improbable he would have voted with the ayes, in which event the motion would have been carried by a majority of one " So that if the voting that £600,000 would have been of any service to the colony, it was lost purely by the absence af Mr. Holroyd, who was earning some eighty guineas at Moreton Bay. He would ask them where Mr. Holroyd was, when the tax upon tea and sugar was imposed, and why he was not in his place, but the instances in which Mr. H's political career would not bear scrutiny, were so numerous, that for the present he must leave that subject. Mr. H. had promised to do great things in moving to get choap law for the people, and in one instance, he had taken a step in the right direction, but he afterwards drew back, because in the establishment of county courts, Attorneys as well as Barristers would be allowed to act, and this was a result to be dreaded, " Othello's occupation in such case would be gone." There will be men in the new council who will work for the general good, and if he (Mr. B) were there, he should be with them in all the great movements of the day ; they would find him (a voice where we always found you) aye, on the right side. Acting always on principle, he was never afraid to look any man in the face. He had a great stake in the country, and it would be his business to act at all times for the general good of this great country. All he would ask for at their hands, was fair play ; and if they thought he was the better man of the two candidates, they would return him as their representative; otherwise they would not. He aspired to the honor of a seat in the council, be- cause he loved the country of his adoption, and desired to see such measures initiated by her legislators as would elevate her in the scale of nations. He wished to say a few words upon the subject of education. For his own part he desired to see in the colony a national system of education that would meet the wants and exigen- cies of the people. Mr. B. here related an anucdote which was illustrative of the wild and uncultivated, character of the uneducated native youth of the. colony, and calculated to shew the necessity of some general system of education which would meet the wants of all. He was of opinion that if the blessings of education , were more widely diffused, our gaols, lock- ups, and constabulary might in a great measure be dis- pensed with. But while he was thus favourably disposed to a national, he was not opposed to the denominational system in large towns and populous neighbourhoods. He should also be prepared to act liberally towards the teachers, whom he desired to see placed above want and become more respected and respecta- ble. With reference to religious endowments he was decidedly favourable to the voluntary system, ju kuuW w-rvsJiir fixiutcujiriidn thiit- reilsrioi »'»s state. He was of opinion that £'.i°!{ll{!'t . °£-.t«V they had a direct interest in supporting njst ministers, they would feel much more deeply on the subject than they do at present. Many per- sons imagined that because they did not pay directly towards the support of their pastors, they had nothing to do with the matter, forgetting that they are taxed the more heavily to make up the revenue out of which the ministers are sup- ported. He knew by experience that the dissent- ers supported their own pastors, and he thought that other churches ought and could if they would, do the same. Still all men did not hold the same opinion on that subject, and, while the majority of the country was in favour of state support he should deem it his duty to do all he could for that majority. He would take this opportunity of directing their attention to a speech made by Mr .Holroyd in the council in August, 1854 on the occasion of a motion that was brought before the house to vote a sum of money as a stipend for a Jewish reader. Mr. H. in his speech said " He agreed with the honorable Colonial Secretary, that if this sum was voted by the house, they would be liable to be appealed to for a similar sum for the first sect of Muhom- medans which might be established in the country — for all kinds of labour, whether domestic or agricultural— hard or easy, no better servants could be found, and in respect of comfort or ease there was no class in the community who could content themselves, and be so submissive under all circumstances as the Mahom- medans. His honourable friend seemed startled at the thought of their mollahs, but he Mr Holroyd would be glad to see their mosques and minarets erected in the city. Among all classes of Christians he had met with, he had never seen as much truth and piety evinced and practised as he had seen among the followers of Mahomet ! and he (Mr. B) was prepared to prove further that Mr. H. said at the same tine, that if ever he changed his religion he would be a Mahomedan." After that statement what would the electors think of their Mahomedan member ?— A man who would get rid of his English, Irish, and Scotch servants for the sake of having a parcel of Mahomedan serfs, who would be submissive under all circumstances. What would they think now of the man who boasted that he had travelled in the east and been immersed in the waters of the Jordan? After having delayed them so long he would now merely intimate that he was prepared to answer any questions that might be proposed to him. He then sat down amid loud and enthusiastic cheering. Mr. D. Kenna, an elector then came forward and said he had two or three questions to put to Mr. Byrnes, but as he must be exhausted after speaking so long he wished him to keep his seat while he answered them. Mr. K. then asked- Will you, if elected, treat every denomination of Christians on equal terms ? Mr B. I will. Mr. K. Have you changed your political prin- ciples since March 1855? Mr B —No. Mr. K.. Did you in the Herald of that date say that you had a friend who was a priest who attended card playing, whiskey drinking and dancing ? Mr. B.— Do you wish me to go into that question ? Mr. K.— Answer it, " yes " or " no." — Mr. B. said he was quite prepared to answer the question, but he should do so by entering into the whole case, and whatever consequences resulted from such a course, the questioner must take them. Mr. K. said he thought it would take up too much time if he went into the whole question. The cry was then raised—the whole question or none, and it was decided that Mr. Byrnes should answer the question in his own way. Mr. Byrnes then said that he had come to Bathurst, believing that the pastoral lettar which had been dis- tributed through the colony by the archbishop was calcu- lated to allay all ill-feeling, and that he should have been enabled to appear in Bathurst without introducing religion into politics Every man who would make re- ligion a matter of dispute in politics, was a traitor to the peace of his country ; and if any man through feel- ings of bigotry, could at any time like the present, intro- duce religious discussion, he was no friend to himself, his cause, or the community. The matter now brought up had been buried in oblivion for nearly twelve months in Parramatta, and the Rev. Dean Coffey had been on friendly terms with him, Mr. Byrnes, since the affair took place, and at the present time was so far favorable to him that he had authorised a member of his own communion to write to him in his name, wishing him success in the present contest. As a further proof of his esteem and good feeling, he had lately presented him with a document worth ten thousand such documents as that produced by Mr. Kenna; in a word, he had presented him with a copy of the Donay Bible, with an appropri- ate inscription. He would now answer the question, and with all boldness. There was a Benevolent Society in Parramatta, and some eight or ten years ago an attempt was made to make the institution altogether sectarian in its character. He strenuously opposed such a step. His opposition was successful, and to the present day members of every communion are eligible for relief, and no distinction is made. A public meeting was held in behalf of the Society in the early part of last year, at which he was present, and was requested to move a reso- lution. Before doing so, he looked over the records of the institution, and found that while two thirds of the pau- pers who were relieved were Roman Catholics, the amount of support received from that body was very small. He drew up an analysis of the whole affair, and found that two-thirds of the paupers were Roman Catholics, and the remaining one third consisted of persons belonging to other communions. At the same time he took from the reports the amounts paid by each communion, and he found that the members of the church of England paid £22 odd, the Presbyterian £3 odd, the Wesleyans £4 odd, and Roman Catholics about 3s. 2d. per head for every member of their separate churches who received relief from the society. He therefore mentioned the subject at the meeting in perfect good faith, having no desire to create any unpleasant feeling, but only to stir up the people to a greater display of liberality towards their paupers. A few days after this some evil- minded person excited Dean Coffey to address a letter to him through the press, which latter was not of the most gentlemanly character. He (Mr. B.) of course replied, and sub- sequently several other letters appeared in the papers on the subject, which were composed of language that was very low and scurrilous. These he afterwards placed to their authors, and found they were the productions of lay-men. Within a weak of the occurrence he (Mr. B) met Dean Coffey in one of the streets of Parramatta and the affair was made up. Mr. Kenna then asked— did you say you had a friend who, you believed had a commission in the army, who married a Catholic lady, and that she afterwards poisoned him? Mr. B. said the letter which bore his signature in the Herald of the date referred to had been written by him, and was all true. He should like to know whether the paper from which Mr. Kenna quoted was a written or a printed one, (It was a written one.) He had asked the question becuse he understood Mr. Mr. Holroyd had lately wrtten to Dean Coffey requesting to be furnished with a copy of the correspondence, with which request the Dean refused to comply, and Mr. H had said that he would have 500 copies of the letters struck for distribution among the electors of the Western Boroughs. He (Mr. B.) had many warm friends among the Roman Catholics, some of his present servant had been assigned to him, 30 years ago, and would do anything in life to serve him. It was very well known that he never made any dis- tinctions among his servants on account of their religion, but it was an established law with him that all his servants should attend their own places of worship on the Sabbath. Mr. Byrnes then resumed his seat and after a vote of thanks to the Chairman which was passed by acclamation and responded to by Mr. Rotton, the meeting was declared closed. The meeting which was a very large one, and was attended by electors of all classes and sects, was on the whole tolerably orderly. The opposition several times inter- rupted the business of the meeting by their shouting and slang observations, but the manner in which these ob interruptions were met, was such as to a great extent disarm their wrath, and the " Rowland for an Oliver" style in which Mr. B, retaliated upon those who interfered with him while speaking was such as to cause universal mirth at the expense of those who received the castiga- tion. Mr. B. spoke for about two hours, and a more manly, independent, straight-forward, commonsense speech we have not listened to for many a day. RENCONTRE WITH A NOTORIOUS HORSE THIEF— The search after the villains who stabbed Mr. Pye was not without profit altogether, in as much as it resulted in the apprhension of one of the most notorious horse-stealers who, for years past, have infested the Abercombie Mountains. It appears that whilst in quest of a clue to the track of the marauders, from a man who was conveying a plough on a sledge, Captain Battye ascertained that the said plough was made by a W\»t'i'-rl'a Tom Parsons alias Tom the sawyer, who and contrived to effect his escape. Without further query the Captain, accompanied by one or two of his troopers, started upon the trail of the sledge and ran it about 7 miles into one of the numerous private nooks or fastnesses with which that wild region abounds, coming at last upon the identical Tom himself, busy at work. Not liking the appearance of the intruders, Tom turned his back towards Captain Battye, pretend- ing to be absorbed in his employment, but was finally brought to book by the former calling out to him, that he arrested him in the Queen's name for horse-stealing. Springing from the spot as if bitten by a snake, upon hearing these words, he siezed his broad-axe which he defiantly brandished, and was only brought to a true sense of his position by a threat from Captain Battye, that unless he surrendered at discretion within five minutes he would shoot him on the spot. Conceiving, under the circumstances that pru- dence was the better part of courage and inferring from the Captain's determined manner that he meant what he said, he threw down his hatchet and was marched off to Goulburn, where he awaits the opinion of 12 just and true men upon certain events in his past career of which her Majesty's Attorney General has already taken cognizance. THE LATE ATTACK ON MESSRS. PYE AND NICHOLLS.— After a toilsome journey of about 700 miles over plain and mountain, through ravine and gully, Captain Battye and his troopers returned on Friday week, we are sorry to say, unsuccessful. The ruffians, it is supposed, had doubled short upon their pursuers, and took a direction different from the supposed one, thus eluding the vigilance of the police. Whilst the gallant Captain and his men were threading the mazes and exploring the secret places of the Abercrombie ranges, a rough-looking fellow called at Mr Gray's Wool- pack Inn, Kelso, who corresponded in some important particulars with one of the robbers. He rode up to the inn in a great hurry, and after calling for a glass of liquor, stated that he had been riding hard all night after the two robbers who had stabbed Mr. Pye, and paraded a revolver in token of the unmistakeableness of his purpose. This stranger departed as abruptly as he came, and from his general demeanour not less than his appearance, left behind the impression that he was not all right. Since that event a man was captured near Hartley whose personal appearance corresponded with that of the latter of the two men who attacked Mr. Pye, and who like him, talked through his nose. When taken he had upon his person, a brace of pistols, and gave a very unsatisfactory account of himself . This man was brought before the Hartley Bench, and upon grounds not yet known in Bathurst, was discharged. Up to the present time no clue to the whereabouts of the robbers has been discovered, but one important point has been ascertained— the men are known, and there are strong grounds for believing that they will yet be captured. We are happy to report Messrs. Pye and Nicholls convalescent, and sorry to state that although at the time of the attack there were about a dozen men on the farm, with true Fallstaffian courage they left their employer and his friend to fight it out as best they might. PRISONERS IN GAOL FOR TRIAL AT THE BATHURST CIRCUIT COURT.— James Kennedy, Carcoar, horse-stealing ; Edward Fowler, Orange, shooting with intent, &c; ; William Young, Bathurst, horse-stealing and robbery ; John Miller, Bathurst, arson ; Lawrence Foley, Bathurst, cattle-stealing ; Richard Metcalf, Dubbo, murder ; Thomas Craven, Bathurst, cattle-stealing ; Billy Morgan, (aboriginal) Orange, murder ; David Manwarring, Avisford, unnatural crime ; John Ryan, Orange, horse- stealing and escape from prison ; John Winter, Bathurst, larceny ; Thomas Locker, Orange, larceny ; Pyng, Loni, Har, Pring, Wunling, Sangso. (Chinamen), Avisford, larceny. Also, several bail cases. Prince ot Wales Theatre.— This de- servedly popular place of amusement has gradually grown upon the public favor, not less in consequence of the talent than the spirited exertions of the company, who thus far have spared neither pains nor expense in catering for the entertainment of their audiences. " The In- visible Prince" has been visible for a succession of nights, and not only have the principal but the subordinate characters been sustained in a very artistic and efficient manner, but the scenery, dresses, and general appointments have been highly respectable and in admirable keeping Mr. Daniels looked, talked, and spoke, as ridicu- lously as the hero of an extravaganza is ex- pected to speak, look and talk. As the Infant Furibon he certainly looked, talked and spoke like a very " extraordinary prince." Miss Millan as Blousabella, and Miss Young as Abricotina were quite at home ; indeed we take this the first opportunity of complimenting the latter upon her natural, easy style of acting, and correct pronunciation of her mother tongue. Mrs. King's fairy Gentilla was neat and modest, and decidedly very fairy-like. Mrs Evans' as Don Leander betrayed the practised actress, and looked as masculine as her sex would permit. Mr. Russell, always gentlemanly and correct on the stage, forgot not these characteristics in the Marquis of Anydoz. Nor must we forget Mr. King and Mr. Jones, both of whom took their parts with credit in a very respectable caste. The illusions in the piece by which the Island of Tranquil Delights was surrounded, received no trifling aid from the red lights, which shed a bright halo over an imitation fairy scene as bril- liant as can well be imigined, considering the means and appliances of our district. Wellington.— Local affairs go on here in the usual quiet manner. We have beeon lately favored with rain which was much needed. The princi- pal topic of conversation is the approaching elec- tions. Although we consider the contest between Messrs, Cox and Samuel will be a severe one, yet it is confidently believed that the latter will be returned As regards the Squatter's Electoral District of the United Districts of Wellington and Bligh, the public are by no means satisfied with either of the gentlemen who are at present Candi- dates, viz. Messrs. Buchanan and Lord ; and could a third person be found willing to come forward, with liberal views, even at the last hour he would stand every chance of being elected. A sale of fourteen fine Farms of from 27 to 58 acres, highly adapted for cultivation , and situated on the Bell river, near the Town of Wellington, will take place on the 3rd of April next. 