LOCAL INTELLIGENCE Victoria Thkatiik. — It does seem somewhat surprising 1 li.it tin- renewal of the pert rmances, on the p.irt >.f Mr l'd. l 's clever theatiical troupe, should be greeted with •><> little support, as shown by the attend ance this week. The alterations by way of improve ment m the interior of the theatre must be evident to every person who enters Even with this additional advantage alone, it might have been reasonably ex pected that the production of a new piece on the first night of the season (Monday) would have been sup- ; ported by at least an average audience ; but tlm fact j was. the probable number was considerably below a t hundred. ()n the following night, owing to the ghost i of an audience in attendance, the performances closed ! at an early period of the evening. With a view, there- | fore, to display all the talent of the company, in order > to induce a fair degree of patronage on the part of the i Adelaide public, Mr Poole announced that he would j appear in aome of his favourite characters on Wcdnes- I day evening. Considering Mr Poole's well-known ! talent as a comedian, and the fact tv it he has seldom j appeared 011 the Adelaide stage, it is rather unaccount- ! aliie that the extent of the attendance was most meagre. . A few minutes after H o'clock Mr Ilasker came before 1 the curtain, mid announced that, in consequence of un foreseen eir uiiistniices, tlm intended programme for the evening had been repl.ie. d by that of the previous evening. Tim cutt (ill was then raised to the "Mo- , nicntou- Qui stion." Win i k's Concert H00M.—Madame Bisli p will give her last grand concert but one this evening j A programme of great promise is prepared for the j occasion, and those who do not wish for a " crowd out " | had better take this opportunity of enjoying an i evening's amusement, which they may not have a i chance of hearing again. 1 Oawlkr Tovv.v,— Madame Anna Bishop'* concert, on Monday evening last, was most numerously and respectably att nded, many families living some distance from the town being present to welcome the fair cantatrico The programme contained a varied selec tion of admired meiceauj. She was repeatedly encored and appeared not at a'l displeased at the result of her visit to Gawlcr. Mr Side's performance upon the flute was deservedly appreciated. j O v wi.er Ward —We U"d>'rstand the election | will take place on Monday next at the Black Hull ; Inn, Hindlcy-street, and not at the Blenheim (See j adver.i,oment.) STRANDING OFTIIK SctIilONK.lt IvOBK.Rt ^LIVE. — From Mr Bowers we Karri the above schooner is stranded about a mile south of the Onkap tringa, but , his correspondent expresses f vourable hopes of getting her off, f prompt measures are resorted to. Aquatic Excursions —It is contemplated by | the owners of the Young Australian to run her for an j excursion trip every Sunday, starting from the Fort | imme iately after the arrival of the first train, and return ing home for the last return train at night. This will affor 1 a good opportunity to persons wishing to avoid the dust and turmu-.l ot the city. Legalising Hoads—A correspondent says— " A few days ago, in the Legislative Council, a question was a»ked the Government, by Mr Neales, of the greatest possible importance to the landed interest in this colony It was—" Whether the Government were preparing a standard map of the roads of this colonv, 1 which would define and legalise them?" The repijr ! was. as might be expected, that no materials for such a j document existed. What, then, is the sjate of things ; with respect to the public mads, us develt^ied by recent j legal decisions? W .y. that for all legal purposes they ' do not exist at all, save in the small, obscure, and utterly incorrect original ehuts of toe Survey Depart meat, and in the variou- random tracks dignified with the name of roads throughout the eountty, and which said tracks, or h ghwav>, in nine eases out of ten, do not agree even with the crude sketches at 'he Land Ottiee. Gf course, it tollows, that unless when duly | defined roads have been gazetted by the Central Road I Board, the District Councils, or otherwise, that where j opposition is given by any, or one, having a loots stanni , to the opening of a hue of road or even the repairing | of one now in use, that the District Councils are power- \ less to enforce their rights in any respect. Surely, Mr . Kd tor, this is a matter that cannot be too soon put to , rights by the District Councils (some of them are I be- j lieve preparing to gazette their roads,) or the Govern- j merit. It is bad enough that the original surveys of j the colotiv have been so defective, that the titles to sec tions are exposed to much litigation, and that the boun daries of many main lines are fenced in in every ma ginable shape; but inasmuch as the defining and legjwi-ing of the leading roads, at all events, is a matter ea-y of attainment, the sooner it is looked to the better — Viator. Tiik Young Australian.—As soon as the ; intelligence of the Robert CM vc's strand ng reached the ! Port, the steam tug was immediately got un ler we gh, • ami proceeded down the coast to render ul! possible assistance in getting the schooner off the rocks if possible. .Noari.unga.—The second anniversary of the : opening of the Wesleyan Chapel in this township, I was celebrated on Sunday and .Monday, the 23rd and ; 2tth inst. The Rev. W. Butters, Secretary of the • Australian Wesleyan Conference, preached two eloqm nt ' sermons on Sunday. On Monday afternoon a large ! company sat down to tea, which had been provided gra- j tuitously by the ladies of the neighbourhood. The ar- ! rangements were excellent, and considerable taste and elegance were manifested in the spread and decorations of the tables. After tea, addresses were delivered by Mr J. Broadlent, the Kev W. Bennett, W. Butters, and J Ilancourt. Mr Joseph Hardy preached, Several ap- | v. W. j propria te resolutions were passed, and the Ret Butters was unanimously, and with some pleasantry, j invited to preach the anniversary sermons of 1857. The i proceeds of the services amounted to £70. l Yankalilla.—.Meeting ro Elect a Coi n- j cii.ioii.—On Monday, November '24, a meeting of the ratepayers of this district was held at the Court-house, : Xortnaitvillc, fur the purpose of electing one member ' to serve in the Dstiiet Council, in lieu of Mr Jo',,n j lapley, now a member of the new Council of Mvpunga. ; In the absence ot any of the t ouncdlors, Mr Joseph j (iruady w.is elected Chairman of the meeting. Mr J. j W. lleatheote proposed, ami Mr Hastings seconded, ] Mr Thomas WilLsoii. At 11 o'clock, there being no j other candidate propus-d, the Chairman declared Mr] Thomas Will-on uly elected, fittccn ratepayers having | palied in his favour. | 