\- SPRING. "Tm; Nature onoa-BRain hM laid ' ij,: - Her wintry, robos aside, ,, ...j ; ' Arid onoe aaain sho is array a . . , ' ' In Spring's most winning pride; ,2 Bho Booms no longer old and grey, But youthful, blooming, fresh, and gay, t;-. As if't woro only yesterday This lovely world was made. \- g4e! oountless multitudes Of flowerd u Adorii the verdant hills, ' ' ! suit big with life-promoting showera, ii.r Behold a thousand rills i ( V: J?ooU ovory broozo is loadod with. ' t 7 " Perfume's delicious, scented breath, ' And hark ! what musio sweet from 'ncath ' The riah, green forest thrills. , Blythe, snow-white lambs aresoattored o'er : Bioh valley nnd each plain ; \- . And all are now preparing for ' 1 The Bhearer's busy reign : . The master makes his shed all right, \- i And views bis press with vast delight; The Bhearer wliets his shears so bright . , ' ... Till both blades shine again. The shepherd, too; with anxiousoare : Attends his fleecing flook, \- ' So thatthey may in order fair " i :: " -Yield up their, annual coat; - ' And with well-founded expectation, , The publioan makes oaloulatioU, ' That half of all that's earned1 this season ' ' 'Will be his easy lot-' . ' ' " , ,.Oh! how l wish, dear 8pring, that thou . .Could'st stay with us for ever, . ' . For then all things would smile as now, And gloom return, oh ! nevor 5 1 :' Bilt ardent Summer soon, alas ! Willsnatoh thee to his fioroo embraoe, When every youthful oharm and graoe .... Will sioken, fade, and wither. . The Spanish Army. — At a moment when, poli tical events of great importance are taking place in Spain it will not be without interest to give a list of the present force of the Spanish army, as fixed, by the last budget. The troops of the line are composed of ten regiments of light infantry, of three battalions each ; seven regiments of light infantry, of two battalions; three battalions of Queen's Chasseurs ; five regiments of heavy ca valry, of four squadrons each ; one regiment of hussars, of four squadrons ; five regiments of foot artillery, of two. squadrons ; three brigades of horse artillery ; six brigades of heavy artillery ; one regiment of engineers, of two battalions ; and six companies of workmen. The troops of the Guard are composed of a battalion of halberdiers, a regiment of horse grenadiers of four squadrons, a regiment of cuirassiers, a regiment of chasseurs, a regiment of lancers, two batteries of horse aud three batteries of foot artillery, and four regiments of grenadiers of two battalions each. The above form an effective force of about 135,000 men, di vided among the twelve captaincies-general. The colonial troops are not included in the above cal culation. During the last two years considerable progress has been made in the arming of the troops, and a number of the regiments have been supplied with rifles. During the same period ipuch has been done in the reorganisation of the national guard; in 1855 the Cortes voted a sum of ten millions of reals for arming that force; and daring the late evcnts a number of the battalions of that force carried rifles. ... It appears from a return issued on the 26th that the amount of duty collected on race horses, in each of the last, five years, ended the.5th of April, was as follows; — 1852, ,£4452; 1853, £4865 ;1854, £4483; 18 55, £4868 ; 1856, £5451.. The late Earl of Shrewsbury gave upwards of £500,000 for the building and decoration of Ro- man Catholic churches. :The Marchioness of Aylesbury has constructed hot and cold baths for the use of the laborers and their, families in the vicinity ofher residence; Soap and towels are provided, and a- cup of cofiee after wards given. i : An . English gentleman, recently arrived from Genoa, states what he personally witnessed. A Crimean soldier, native of Parma, got his furlough mesan police for leave to enter the town, the Aus trian commandant made it a condition . that dur ing the six days of his stay in Parma he should not attempt to wear the. Crimean medal ! . " ThelargenewconvictprisonbuildingatChatham is nearly completed, and will be ready for the re ception, of convicts in the ensuing month, when 500 prisoners will be sent there from various parts of England for the purpose of commencing the foun dation for the large steam basin and floating docks, which are ordered to be built at Chatham dock yard. The new prison will accommadnte 1000 con victs, who are all to be employed in iorced labour. It was said that the Russians had refused to give up the Island of Serpents to the Turks, which the latter claimed by virtue af the treaty. They are also reported to have declared that they will not surrender the fortress, of ;Kars until the allied troops shall have entirely evacuated Turkey, at Chatham dockyard. - - . : The Despots and the Press.— Every day brings out freshproof of how much importance the most despotic princes attach to public opinion, however ihuch they may outwardly, affect to despise it. Russia, it is known, devotes large sums in main taining journals for the diffusion of her principals. Austria does the same. The Church of Borne has advocates among the press everywhere. And now we hear that the King of Naples, who returned a 'don't care" kind of answer to the remonstrances of the French aud English Governments the other day, has thought it necessary to despatch a Baron Savarese on a journalistic mission to Paris, in or der, if possible, to persuade, -the editors of the leading papers there that the alliance of France with England is highly detrimental to the interests of theformer, nnd that the peace of Imperial France must be disturbed by this connexion with revolu tionary Ensland, ,. ; ... i The Overland Route to California. — The True Cali- fornian Rives the followinRaooountof the dreadf ul suf ferings endiired by the passengers who left New York in April last for Colifornia, by way of Nicaragua The steamor Orizaba left New York on the 8th April with some 500 passengers for California, by way of Nioaragua. Onthe lsili she arrived at San Juan, and the passengers disembarked. By means of open boat they started up the river during asoaking rain. The exposure oaused them mhoh suffering. "When they arrived at Ca'stilla,: they were informed that the tran sit aoross the' country was olosed ; and, after t wo days' delay, durine.whiah they. were nnnstantly oxDosedto the weather, they were told that if they obo3e. they could return to New York ; but only fifteen minute5 were . allowed them ; and as' they wore Compelled to abandon their baggage in , oase they eonoluded to go baok,,3Q0 of the passengers', determined to push on. They were taken to Granada, where they were detain-, ed a mpntb, notwithstanding 'that ah epidemio waB prevailing there. Hero tho most fearful disease oom- mehoedtto. rage.amongst them. In four weeks 79 of the 300 were buried, ' During this time.thoy suffered every privation"; 'many were without means, and those who-had moneywere oompelled to put up with extor- tj.on.'widiob'bery at" every, hand. On the 20th of May in the evening,. riowa reaohed' Granada of the arrival of the 'Sierra' Nevada! at San Juan'del S'ur, and three hburs Were given tothe surviving passerigorB. siok and . weli.'to got 'on board 'the' Lake'st earner. At tho timo: \- it wnBphhring rain,' ahd pitoh dark. The sick word oar'ried, 'down in. tho best manner' possible, all gotting thoroughly drenched. .Upon reaching tho landing of tho Lake, steamer they woro kept in the rain until they had exhibited .their tickets, which detained them several hours, Finally, all were orowded on board, but; before jmormng three of, the sick died and ware sent' op sboro., . On. the . Lake steamer the sceno in, described as having been dreadful. -The, passengers wore crowded, together like sheep in n pen. There wag scarcely rpora for t/io siok to lie down. l' or. 19 hours they..w6re lhus confined, suffering every torture ofhody and of rainfl ; several poor wretches gavo up the ghost ;intho boat, and others died while attomnt- ink tho journey from the Lnke to San Juan. After thoy ombarkod in tho Sierra Nevada tho siokuens broke out again, and during tho passaeo from San Juan to this port 33 deaths ocoured. The sufferings on the Siegra Nevada beggars all description. The. officers of the steamer did all in tlicir power to allevaite thoir sufferings, but that was little. No time was lost in disposing of tho dead, and tho body was hardly allow ed- to get cold before it was thrown overboard. The Sifety of the living domandod that there should be no unnecessary detention of the dead, < 