'EXTRACT FROM THE "LIFE OF P. T. BARNUM." GENERAL TOM TIUMB.',> (Continued from our lost.) While I was in Brussels I could dono less than visit the battle-field of Waterloo. I proposed that our party should be composed of P'rofessor Pinto,(our interpreter), Mr. Stratton, father of General Tom Thumb, Mr. 1I. G. Sherman, and myself.. Going a sight-seeing was quite a new business to. Stratton; and as it was necessary td start by four o'clock in the morning in order to accomplish the distance (sixteen miles), and return in- time for our afternoon performance, he demurred. "I don't want to get up before daylight, and go off on a journey, for the sake of seeing a darned old field of wheat," said Stratton. "Sherwood, do try and belike some body once in your life, and go," said his wife. The appeal was irresistible, and he consented. 'We engaged a coach and horses the night pre vious, and started punctually at the time ap pointel. We stopped.at the neat little church in the village of Waterloo, for the purpose of examining the tablets erected to the memory of sqmo of the English who fell in the contest. Thence we passed to the house in which the leg of Lord Uxbridge (Marquis of Anglesey) was amputated. A neat little monument in the garden designates the spot where the shat tered member had been interred. In the house is shown a part of the boot which is said to have once covered the unlucky leg. The visitor feels it but too considerate to hand a franc or tio' to the femnle who exhibits the monument and limb. I did so, and Stratton, though he felt that ho had not received the worth of his money, still'did not like to be considered penu rious, sohelo handed over a piece of silver coin to the attendant. I expressed a desire to have a small piece of the boot to exhibit in my mu deum; thu lady cut off without hesitation a slip three inches 16ong by one in width. I handed her a couple more francs, and Stratton desiring, as hoesaid, to "slhow a piece of the boot in old Bridgeport," received a similar slip and paid a bimtilar amount. I could not help thinking that if the lady was thus liberal in dispensing pieces of the "identical boot" to all visitors, this nnost have been about the 29,867th boot that had been cut up as the " Simon Pure " since 1815. With the consoling reflection that the female purchased all the cast-off boots in Brussels and sts vicinity, and .rejoicing that somebody was ninking a trifle out of that accident besides the inventor of the celebrated " Anglesey leg," we passed on towards the battle-field, lying about a mile distant. Arriving at Mont St. Jean, a quarter of a mile from the ground, we were beset by'some eighteen or twenty persons, who offered their services as guides, to indicate she most import ant localities. Each applicant professed to know the exact spot where every man had been places who had taken'part in the battle, and each bf course claimed to have been engaged in that sanguinary conflict, although it had oc curred thirty years.before, and some of these fellows were only, it seemed, from twenty-five to twenty-eight years of ngel We accepted an olds man who, at first, declared that he was killed in that br tIe; but perceiving our looks of incredibility, consented to modify his state ment no far as to, assert that Ihe was horribly ;.uonaded, and lay upon the'ground three days beforo receiving assistance. • Once upon the ground, our guide with much gravity pointed out the place where the Dukeo of nyellhgton took his station during a great partof the action; the locality where the re Sseroyeof the-British army was stationed; the poat where Napoleon posted .his favourite guard; the little .mound on which was erected a temporary observatory for hisons' during tihe ,battl.e; the portion of thl field at which. Bluehr entered witlh the Prussian army; the precise location of the Scot'. Greys; and the spot *where fell Sir Alexander Gordon, Lieut.-Col. Canning, and many others of celebrity. I. asked him if he could teoll me where Captain .Tippitiwich&t; of the Connecticut Fusilters'was killed. " 'Oui, Monsieur," he replied, with per fect coeifidence, for he felt bound to know, or to pretend to know, every particular. Hn then proceeded to ppint out exactly the spot where mny unfortunate Connecticut friend had breathed liis last. After indicating the locatiotns where aomo twenty of my other fictitidus friends from Coney Island, Nosw Jersey, Cope Cod and Saragota Springs, had given up the ghost, vwo handed him his compensation, and declined to give him further trouble. Stratton grumbled at the imposition as he handed out a couple of francsfor the information received. Upon quitting theo battle- field we were accosted by a dozen persons of both sexes with .baskets on their arms or bags in their hands, containing relics of the battle for sale. These consisted of a great variety of implements of War, pistols, bullets, etc., besides brass French eagles, buttons, ete. I.purchased a number of them for the Iuocum, and Stratton was equally liberal in obtaining a supply for his friends it "Old Bridgeport." Then we ourchlsed mans of the battlo-ground, picture of the triumphal mound surmounted by the colossic Belgic Lion in bronze, otc., etc. The frequent and renewed taxations annoyed Stratton very much, and as be. handed out a five-franc piece for a '!com plcto guide book," lie rinarkbd, that" "ho guessed the battlb of Waterloo'.had cost a darned sight more since it was fought than it did boforol' ' But his misfortunes did not.'torminato hero. :Whontwo had'proceeded four or five miles on our road home, crash went the carriage. We alighted and found that the axletree was broken. It was now a quarter past one o'clock. The little General's exhibition was advertised tocommonce in Brussels at two o'clock, and could not take place without us, "We were unable to walk the distance in double the time reoquired, and as no carringe was to be got in that.purt of the country, I concluded to take the matter easy, and forego all idea of exhibit ing before evening. Stratton, howvoer, could not bear the thought of losing. the chance of taking in six or eight hundred francs, and he lvetermined to take matters in hand, in order, if possible, to get our party into Brussels in time to save the afternoon exhibition. He hastened to a farm- house, accompaniod by the interpreter, Professor Ilinto, Sherman and my elf leisurely bringing up the rear. Stratton naked the whole farmer if he had a carriage. 11o had not. "Have you no vehicle?" he inquired. "Yes, I have that vehicle," lie replied, point ltg to an old cuart filled with manure, and 1candlng in his barn-yard. \- 'Thundorl is that all the conveyance you ye gS9t?'" caked Stratign, ]3ing lsurod that it was, Stratton concluded that it was better to ride in a manureeart than not get to Brussels in time. . "What will you ask to drive us to Brussels in three-quarters of an hour?" demanded Stratton. "It is impossible," replied thle farmer) "I should want two hours for my horse to do it in." ."But ours is a very pressing case, and if weo are not there in time we shall lose more than five hundred francs," said Stratton. The old farmer pricked up his ears at this, and agreed to get us to Brussels in an hour, for eighty francs. Stratton tried to beat him down, hut it was of no use. "Oh, goit, Stratton," said Sherman, "cighty francs you know is only sixteen dollars, anid you will probably save a hundred by it, for I expect a full house at our afternoon's exhibition to-day." "Bat I have already spent about ten dollars for nonsense," said Stratton, "and we shall have to pay for the broken carriage besides. " But what can you do better?" chimed in Professor Pintc. "It is an outraveo?s cxtortinn to elar?n six teen dollars for an old horse and cart to go ten milds. Why, in old Bridgeport I could get it done for theca dollars," replied Stratton, in a tone of vexation. "It is the custom of the country," said Pro fessor Pinto, "a Rid we must submit to it." By the way, that was a favourite exeression of the Professor's. Wherever we were imposed upon, or felt that we were not used right, Pinto would always endeavour to smooth it over, by informing us it was "the custom of the country." " Well, it's a thundcring mean custom, any how," said Stratton, " and I won't stand such an imposition." "But what shall we do?" earnestly inquired Mr. Pinto. "It may he a high price, but it is better to pay than to lose our afternoon per formance and five or six hundred francs." This appeal to the pocket touched Stratton's feelings, so submitting to the extortion, he re plied to our interpreter, " Well, tell the old robber to doump his dung cart as soon as pos sible, or we shall loseohalf an hour in starting." The cart was " dumped," and a largo lazy looking Flemish horse was attached to it with a rope harness. Some boards weroe laid across the cart for seats, the party tumbled into the rn.Ltin vehi|ln n -rl-hnairml hnI a can of thn old farmer, mounted tile horse, and Stratton gave orders to "get along." "Wait a moment," said the farmer, "you have not paid me yet." "I'll pay your boy when we get to Brusse!s, protided he gets there within the hour," re plied Stratton. " Oh, he is sure to get there in an hour," said the farmer; "but I can't let him go unless you pay me in advance." The minutes were flying rapidly, the anticipated loss of tile day exhibition of General Tom Thumb flitted be fore his eyes, and Stratton, in very desperation, thrust his hand into his pocket, and drew forth sixteen five-franc pieces, which he dropped one at a time into the hand of the farmer, and then called out to the boy, "Thero now, do try to see if you can go ahead." The boy did go ahead, but it was with such a snail's pace that it would have puzzled a man of tolerable eyesight to have determined whe ther the horse was moving or standing still. To make it still more interesting, it commenced raining furiously. "As we had left Brussels in a coach, and the morning had promised us a pleasant day, we had omitted our umbrellas. We.were soon soaked to the skin. We grinned and bore it awhile without grumbling. At length Stratton, who was alnost too angry to speak, desired M.r. Pinto to ask the red-haired boy if he expected to walk his horse all the way to Brussels. "'Certainly," replied tihe boy, "he is too big and fat to do anything but walk. We never trot him." Stratton was terrified as he thought of the loss of the day exhibition ; and he cursed the boy, the cart, the rain, the luck, and even the battle of Waterloo itself. But it was all of no use, the horse would not run, but the rain ,nould--luaw our bhclks: - At two o'clock, the time appointed for our exhibition, we were yet some seven miles from Brussels. Tie horso walked slowly and phi losophically through thl pitiless storm, the steam majestically rising from the old manure. eart, to the no small disturbauce of our unfor tunate olfactories. "It will take two hours to get to'Brussels at this rate," grbwled Stratton. "Oh., no," replied the boy, "it will only take about two hours from the time we started." " But your father agreed to get us there in an hour," answered Stratton. "I know it," responded the boy, "but he kniew it would take more than two." "I'll sue him for damages, by thunderl" said Stratton. "Oh, there would be no use in that," chimed in Mr. Pinto, "for you could get no satisfaction in this country." !'But I shall lose more than a hundred dollars by being two hours instead "of one," said Stratton. "They care nothing about that; all they' care for is your eighty francs," remhrked Pinto. "But they have lied and swindled me," ro plied Stratton. "Oh, you must not mind that, it is the cus tom of the country." Stratton gave "the countly"' and its " cus-' o?nms'i nnntlhrr mr.l'in. m All things will finally have an end, and our' party did at length actually arrive in Brussels, cart and all, in precisely two hours and a half from the time we left the farmer's house. Of course we wereotoo late to exhibit the little General. HIundreds of visitors had gone away disappdinitid. With feelings of utter desperation, Stratton started for a barber's shop. Ho had a fine, black, bushy head of hair, of which he was a little proud, and every morning he submitted it to tile curling tongs of the barber. His hair had not been cut for several weeks, and after being shaved, he desired the barber to trim his flowing locks a little. The barber clipped off the ends of his hair, and asked Stratton if that was sufficient. "No," he replied, "I want it trimmed a little shorter; cut away, and I will tell you when to stop." Stratton had risen from bed at an unusual hour, and after having passed through the troubles and excitements of the unlucky morn ing, he began to feel a little drowsy. This feeling was augmented by the soothing sensa tions of the tonsorial process, and while the barber quietly pursued his avocation, Stratton as quietly fell asleep. The barber went en tirely over his head, cutting off a couple of inches of his hair with every clip of his scis sors. He then rested for a moment, expecting his customer would tell him that it was sufficient; but the unconscious Stratton uttered not a word, and the barber thinking e lihad not cut the hair close enough, went over the head again. Again did le wait for an answer, little thinking that he was asleep. Remembering thnt wtratton had told him to ?tout away, and he would tell him when to stop,'' the innocent barber vent over the head the third times rcut ting the hair nearly as close as if he had shaved it with a razordt rHaving finished, he again waited for orders from hris rustomer, but he uttered not a word. 'The barber wsas surprised. and that surprise was increased when he heard a noise which seemed very like a snore coming from the nasal organ of his unconscious victim. The poor barber saw. tie error tlhat he had committed, and in dismay, as ifCby mistake, he hit Stratton on the side of the head with his scissors, and wokeo him. IIe started to his feet, looked in the glass, and to his utter horror saw that lie was unlit to appear in public with out a wlg! He swore like a trooper, but hae could not swear the hair back on to his head, and putting on his hat, which dropped loosely over his eyes, he started for the hotel. Ills despair and, indignation were so great that it was some time before he could give utterance to words of qxplanation. Ilis feelings were not allayed by the deaferiing bursts of laughter which ensued. lie said that it was the first time that over he went a sight-seeing, and he guessed it would be tholast. (To be continued.) 