TJTF. nP.PRF.^KN'TAITOX OF TALBOT. ( To the Editor of the Art/Ill.) ... Sin, — I read vour attack upon mo in the Ari/tts or ycsieruaj with just feelings of indignation, when I saw in another oolunin my letter to you, asking only 'two or three days time,' to 'look up documents nearly eighteen years old, in order to prepare that vindication of myself which you yourself demanded, and which, us I stated, I humbly than* God I have now the opportunity of doing triumphantly. J It would, ere this, havo been completed, had not my atten tion been distracted by your present mticle and those else where, — nil being written by men who knew nothing of tho matters they refer lo, but appear desirous of ' writing me down,' before I have the chance of letting the honest men or tho community learn the real truth of circum stanccs that occurred in lUilt), nearly half my life back, aim which eleven years ago I succcssrullv combutod be'orc one ot the most enlightened and inipartinl tribunals iu the world; or I could not liavo tioeome a narristcr. . In the statement of ' iny career since 1833,' which I nm prcpr.ring iu answer to the call of yourself and another anony mous writer, I shall publish ample documents. But as I pre fer verifying assertions, I will transcribe the doelsion of the iScnohers of the Middle Temple (three or them then present being now judges) upon the facts, as solemnly deposed to by r.ieut. Ilall, the upright foreman of the jury ill the libel actio.i which you refer to, and supposo to have fixed a stain upon my character. I nm happy to add that lio iordiully concurred in that decision, ns proved not only by the ifildrtVit explaining tho verdict made by himself nnd others ol t tic jury at the time (seventeen years ago 1); but by his j-olemu declaration before tho Benchers ( which I. shall publish hereafter) and tho following note of congratulation on that decision. Extract from the Report of tlio Hon. Sir.R. B.. Ci-owder, to tho . Secretary of State, dated 20tli July, 18-15. ' I need scarcely ndtl that in the opinion of the Benchers Mr Stophcn hail fully cleared his character, othcrwiso wo ihould not have doomed liim a fit person to be called to th. Bar. Our judgment ueeossaiily involved the decision that the honor nnd integrity of Mr George Milncr Stephen remained unimpaired.' (Signed) R. B. CROWDER. . Copy of letter from Lieut. Hall (foreman of tho jury, and jovernor of I'arkliurst) to G. M. Stephen, Esq. I'arkhurst, 1st July, 1S45. My Di:.va Stf.i'iiek, — The intelligence which your lettei1 of :ho 20th June convoyed nfforded mo most sincore pleasure, und ,-'i-om my heart I congratulate Mrs Stephen nnil yourself that :iic deliberate judgment of a body o( men learned iu tho law, mil entirely freo from colonial bias or prejudice, as are the Benchers of tho Temple, has proved to bo precisely that whioh wo earnestly wished that it should jo. As you observe, wo need never revert to this uibject ; but I ' cannot regret for you that it lias been brought to a close scrutiny ; for I feel that every honest miml must now see tho matter in its truo light, nud regard it as set at rest for over ! All the recent accounts from South Australia are of a dis tressing charaotcr, &c.; I remain, over faithfully yours, (Signed) GHORGE HALL. Yam' .threats, therefore, to revive old stories of 18 years' standing (Heaven preserve the 90 candidates from the name ordeal 1): which all the world might know have been irrevo cably (leoided in my favor, will not deter me from pursuing my present honest coursc. I have every tiling to gain from the honest investigation of my pa3t history, -f which I have just reason to be proud. And though you preach the doctrine that 'n mail who lias offended' may bo ' completely forgiven,' yet your praeticc is violently opposed to the principlo in the ease of a man who lias not offended ! You talk ot my 'gradually, slowly, and humbly rising' from tho position to which my own faults have reduced me. Well, as I resided nearly seven years in Adelaido as n leading bar rister, since those occurrences you threaten to revive, lind en joyed the friendly intercourse not only of nine-tenths or the loading inhabitants, but or three governors in succession, who puid mo tho additional compliment or visiting nt my house, ind nm now brought forward as a candidate for Talbot, principally by hundreds of ' Adelaido men,' — now, Yictorinns, (who know more about me than yourself, Mr Editor), — I nm quite content to continue in the s iuie ' po-ition' to which ' my faults (!) havo reduced mo.' But, ns I wish the publio to place moro reliance in my asser tions than in your insinuations, I beg to udd (although nii noyed to rnfer to such matters) that Mr Commissioner Wil kinson will prove that he met at my house in Adelaide tho lato 'Jovernor, with the principal civil ofllcers nnd leading inhabi tants, ut an evening party many years since thoso 'occur- rences j' which fact the publio will appreciate, if you cannot : bccause, if I woro deemed an unworthy person, thoso honorable persons dishonored their high position iu associating with me ! 'Tlio public think that only public conduct of oven public :neu is the legim.ito subject of ncwspapci strictures. 1 don't :ciinw that the public, or the 00 candidates, are prepared to concede to editors the right of calling upon even publio men to explain old scandals, to afford fooil Tor tho rapacious maws of newspapers. Even the statute of limitations eteps in lifter six years to bat- disputed de'ots ; but disputed questions involving character Und no bar in the mind of an editor. It is all the better for liim ir witnesses are absent, or dead, documents lost, :ind facts distorted by tho virulence of public writers or nni mosity of enemies through the long vista or bygone years 1 1 for one deny that newspap- r attacks nre to affect a mail's re-, putation, otherwise somo or tho brightest public characters might have been destroyed. ir you really ' hud no ilesiro to persecute me,' as you avow, you surely could have waited for the 'two or three days' I era veil ihat I might write, nnd you read, that ' vindication I am pre paring, and not strive to induce tho public to prejudge my ca«e. [t savors very much of ' persecution' when, day after day, you keep up tho lire, afraid to leave the issue to tho ' mon of Ade l-iido now at tho gold-fields as you yourself proposed in tho Argus of the 20th of June. Aud thoso ' Adelaide mon ' I take leave to inform you, notwithstanding your insinuations to tho contrary, nro niuongst tho most ' respectable ' doctors if Talbot. Like Macbeth of old, you seem to tremble nt the ghost you liavo raised ; anil you dread tho effect that my straightforward statement or r.icts will havo with tho ' Ade laide* men ' nnd the elcotors.-of Talbot. But, as you will *t-.riU-n Imfiirn T am nrenai-ed to return t.lin 1 1 1 n,\\- I must nn« ippoal not only to my numerous Adelaido friends throughout L'albot, but to every gold-dlgser from Ballarat to Castlemainc, for protection. As a further specimen of your unfair conduct, sir, let tho public read your present remarks about my self nnd tho l'ort Phillip GoUl Company, and then peruse the folio wing extract from rour own paper or the 2Gth May last, scarcely five weeks ago. I'ney will then bo nble to judgo what umr.mt or patiiotisin, or what other motive, spurs you on 'to secure tho Legislature against my presence.' You know nnd feel that my t dents whether ' considerable ' (as you nre pleased to term tlic.n) or humble, would bo fearlessly employed in tho cause of the People ! And that the -10,000 gold-diggers of Talbot wouhl have at nil times nn advocate who never yet has been driven by die throats oT mortal man froni tho path of duty. Do vo l ?lot think that my ' prescribe ' would be dangerous to tb i persons with whom you nre nt present connected ! Or do you not wish to bring forward n friend of your own for Tulbot ? ' In another part of your nrticlc you state on tho authority of Mr Alfred Wills that the 'Daisy Ilill requisition' win '?'written by myself to myself.' The statement may be a-t ingenious electioneering'' dodge' perhaps, to create ii diver sion for tho ' unknown ' friend ho vainly tried to cram down the throats of tho public meeting of doctors there. But he is is misinformed ns to that fact, us his ' l-cspcctublc ' friend is ns to nil his fiets. It was written by a gentleman in the terms t-f another already presented to me ; as I will oo-mno j Mr Wills when wo next meet. That gentlein in know in. history, and hid heard many Adelaide moil speak of many nets of my lire, cvincing my sympathy with tho work ing classes. Ono of those nots 1 will now for the first time divulge ; wrung us it is from me by Mr Willi's sneers ns to the expressions adopted by, the 1200 odd who linve signed the tho Requisitions, of my being tho ' tried friend of the working man,' and I bopo Mr Wills will somo (lay follow iny example. I will produce to liim 83 Promi.iory Notes, and othor acknow ledgments for debts and loan3, still unpaid, which I brought away With mo from Adelaide in 1852, rather than leave tliciii behind with ail agent, to become instruments of oppression to poor men, unable to pay ! Ill yesterday's Argus you thus express yourself : ' In this graceful and naive way, ho represented to tho publio through tho columns of this journal, that ccrtain relations subsisted be - tween himself nnd tlio l'ort Phillip Gold Company ; nnd to tlieso representations .Mr Bland, the Company's local Manager, was compelled to givo a flat contradiction. Disgusted ns wo were, though not surprised, there was still no casus belli between Mr Stephen and the Argus, except ill so far as we lind been (le eeived into circulating his mis-statement.' It is not true that Sir Blaud ' gave a flnt contrndiction. ' IIo simply took- n different view of tny ngreement, which the Directors refer to in;their report. Tho articlo you refer to was prepared by yourself from facts which I gave you faithfully, as the following article extracted by yourself from tho Loudon Times, in tho Argus of tho 20th May last, abundantly proves. . ' A voluminous report hns just been issued,' says tlio J'im; i of the 21st Februnry, 'by thu Port l'hillip anil Colonial Gold Mining Company, preparatory to their meeting on tho 25th. Tlio future prospects or tho concern appear to depend mainly on tho results of nn ngreement lutcly made with Mr. Stephen tb undertake the management or n mineral station in Victor! i, on the principlo or bciiig remunerated solely out ot profits.' With full knowledge, therefore, of the facts, you liavo not hesitated to charge mo with 'mis-statement;' and eighteen gears hence it may be cast in tho teeth of my children, should I not be alivo to reply to the ohargo iu somo other Argus. You 'men of Adelaide ' will remember this is tho righteous mode in which I have been attacked by a newspaper adversary in South Australia. And you, electors of Talbot, may safely judge or past slanders by tho present. 1 nm. Sir, Yours, &c.;, GEO. M. STEPHEN. Crnigville, Srd July. 185G. [We have pleasure in giving insertion to Mr Stephen's letter, as every accused man should bo allowed to defend himself be fore the public. We confess to having had a slight prejudice ngainst Mr Utoplicn at one time, which induced us to with hold a lotter in his favor which we recently received from our ?Avoca correspondent, who. knew Mr S. in Adelaide, and who is personally known to us as a gentleman of high character. Having withheld this, we also withheld the next that came respecting him, whieli was unfavorable, and also from nn Ade laido gentleman. We had not sufficient confidence in Mr S. to warrant us in aiding to reooinmeiul him to tho miners a« a trustworthy representative ; anil ut the siimo timo, we liai} no wish to do him any injury. On the contrary, wo had every wish to do him justice, and nro very glad to allow liim to speak for- himself. .We -iniy add that we have seen the original letters from which the ex tracts cited above nre taken j and very flattering letters they are. 'We have, ' further, inspected a mass of letters and tes timonials received by Mr S, from gertlemcn of tlic highest' standing in society, colonial nnil English ; and we arc bound, after perusing them, tp express our conviction that it was utterly impossible for Mr S. to have received such letters if be had been guilty or what is attributed to liim. The documents specially bearing upon the ease whioh is alleged to have been damaging to his charactcr furnish n complete exculpation./ Further tlinu thus, wo havo no opinion* about Mr Stephen's1 ?personal or political character ; but, prejudice being removed, we aro ready to claim for liim a fair field qud no persecution.— Ed. Age.] 