PROFESSOR WILSON.» {From the Time», October 10.) Professor Wilson was manliest of the manly There is but one word that conveys the idea in all its fulness—lionlike. In English we are somewhat like Æsop, fond of condensing character into the name of an animal, and i this way have condensed the characters of 01 two foremost critics. One of these is familiar] known as the Great Bear—he who used to roll about in his chair, drinking Miss Reynolds's tea till 3 in the morning, to play the paternal with little Burney, the filial to old Thrale, the Devil with Goldsmith and the god to Boswell, whose Dictionary is the recognized standard of the English language, and whose. Lives, of the Poets one of its most useful books. Tli other is the Lionheart, the first volume of whose works now lies before us, thé Christopher North of Blackwood's Magazine whose Recrea tions we all have shared, and whom, after a lat autumn on the moors, ' every one passin through -Edinburgh in the winter time has for once at least, seen and heard . in silki; gown, instead . of a sporting jacke and;' in" a dingy lecture-room, instea of ' on the, hill- side or the river' bani We shall never forget . our visit to his class room. We could hardly find a seat, and man; were standing. The door of the ante-roor creaks, and in strides, with a bounding step eight miles an hour, as if he trod Benvoirlich after the deer, a strong, ; broadbuilt man ii black,-gown flung loose over his arms, and long golden hair floating - dishevelled over his shoulders. He mounts the rostrum, puts down his roll of MS., , and lays' out his watch-five minutes past 12: " Look how he's rubbing his eyes. I wonder if he had a Noctes last night," says Mac, to Mac. "By Jove! and if he hasn't cut himself in shaving," Mac, replies to Mac. " Eh, man, how his lips are twitching he doesn't know the lecture." " Wait till you see, old boy ; he's always best when he hangs fire." And there he is in the meantime veril; hanging fire. He pores over his MS. an! can't decipher it. It is a mass of confusion the backs of old letters, the backs of ol< pvoofs, flyleaves torn out of books, noti paper, letter-paper, China paper, blottirii paper, all dashed over with hieroglyphic! 20 words to a page. He gives it up . ii despair, puts his hands in his pockets, turn: from tho class, and looks out at thi grated window. Dead silence and suspense the lion at bay. In a moment, he wakes up seizes the watch,-10 minutes past 12,-folds the riband round his forefinger, looks thunder and lightning over the heads of his students and -with a voice every tone of which suggests the epithet of Chrysostom or Goldenmouth first slowly, word by word, then faster and faster until it becomes a torrent, discourses most excellent music, invests philosophy with life interest, stalks a subtlety, courses a problem earths an objection, ferrets a motive, with a zeal which brings the blood to the faces of the young fellows, fills that calm academic haunt with profane cheering, and reminds every listener of the Greek legend that the virgin goddess of the hunt is in very truth twin sister to the god of poetry and eloquence. " Let bears and lions growl and fight," says Dr. Watts, and assuredly our two greatest critics took full advantage of the worthy doc tor's permission. Wilson could honour an opponent whose powers were not defaced by cant, meanness, puppyism, or toadyism ; but for pretension, of every kind, he had no mercy, whether in friend or foe. He poured upon it vials of wrath and ridicule which revived that age of satire when Pope and Swift, our greatest satirical poet and prosewriter, gave the tone to literature and established the reign of ridicule, the currency of scandal and the dialect of irony ; and yet amid the rush of his eló quence, even in its most savage mood, who did not feel that behind that leonine aspect there beat a heart as tender and tearful as a woman's ? It was a wonder greater than that which aston- ished Samson, and which he turned into a riddle for the Philistines, when he found a honeycomb in the dead lion. Here was a mel- lifluous woman's nature in the heart of a lion, living and rampant and terrible. What chiefly distinguished him was the generosity and geni ality of his many-sided nature. Athlete, sports- man, angler, gastronome, poet, philosopher, professor, editor,--we do not believe that any man of his time possessed such a fine com- bination of qualities as Wilson-such a glori- ous animal nature in union with so glorious a spirit. Sir Walter Scott said-the words havje escaped, us, but they were to this effect, that he narrowly missed being the first man in the country. Sir Walter was not given to exagge- ration, and yet this estimate, coming from any other source, would to most persons sound Oriental; The fact is that no one could be in Wilson's presence, could feel the fascination of his eye and voice, could be dragged into the vortex of his animal riot and spiritual ecstasy, without leaving him spell-bound, and giving an account of him such as the lost heroes and heroines of romance gave of the mighty sorcer- ers who held them captive in magic circles. To a stranger the report is incredible ; to any one acquainted with his exuberant life, and with the usual effects of such exuberance, on all around, it is quite intelligible. However much people may profess to despise physical perfection, there is nothing that charms us more and leaves a greater impression of power. Beauty of feature, strength and agility of frame, fineness of sense, and fullness of life, these are the qualities in Wilson that com- bined with the fancy of a poet the wisdom of a philosopher and the heart of a man, gave-every comer the idea of an all-accomplished na- ture, and led Sir Walter Scott to wonder that such a man should not be the' first in Britain. If he narrowly missed being the first man, there is one thing which he certainly did not miss-the very first place among the critics of his time. It is as a great critic that he deserves especially to be remem * The Work* of Professor Wilton, pf the University of Edinburgh. Edited by his son-in-law, Professor Ferrier. ."Vol. jL, Noetet Amlroriaiue.. "VY. Blackwood and Sons. ; -I herod} uní these, AVIM 4wAraij«H«ç fureaimply criticisms thrown into the forro of brilliant, convivial dialogue. During the present century, there have been three styles of criticism-Lord Jeffrey's, Pro- fessor Wilson's, and Mr. Macaulay's. We have the sincerest admiration for Lord Jeffrey-his volubility was unrivalled, his cleverness inimit- able ; but his genius was essentially analytical his criticism was the criticism of detail. Now, be it never so brilliant, never so acute, criticism of detail is very soon dust and ashes; and that of Lord Jeffrey,, notwithstanding its infinite vivacity and dexterity, is fast fading .from our view, and he has not left a single follower of note. While he was in the zenith of his power Wilson stood forward as his rival, and estab- lished a criticism of exposition-the natural issue of an intellect imaginative, sympathetic,' and humorous.. Dissatisfied with the sceptical analysis and negative results of the Edinburgh Reviewer, when he could not praise the moderns he praised Homer, Milton, Spenser, Dryden, and by precept and example established what we have termed the criticism of exposi tion. While he,".too, was in the zenith of his power, and his rival had almost laid aside his pen,' Macaulay came forward with a third style -a style which, in so far as it was critical combined , the excellences of both his predeces sors, but whose crowning merit is that it was not critical at all/ but something far higher After characterizing the work before him in a few pithy sentences the critic threw it aside and then told the story with a dramatic effect which none of the authors reviewed could ever hope to equal. This, the historical essay,is now the favourite form of review, and we a satisfied that < of all; the publications whii demand lengthened notice at' least oné-h'i should be treated in this way. The .publ don't care about " that graphic writer," Mr. A and never will ; they de care about his facti they hate along story ; and they are very ram obliged to the reviewer who will tell it ' shortly and as readably as possible. Sti properly speaking, this is not criticism, : ai Wilson stands out as the man who, professing ,o criticize, has done so with the greatest vigour and success. . The appearance of Professor Wilson's work at the present moment is singularly well-time In the midst of all the cant and pedantry the day, we feel the need of his hearty laughs and manly indignation. All is gratulation and adulation among us—mannikin chanting Te Deum to mannikin. Behold the rouge on the face of the British muse—see the simper on the faces of the critics who tell her that she looks divine. Never since the days of Della Crusca has criticism so forgotten itself—in the name of superfine morality and self-deceiving sentiment, descending to sycophancy an puffery. Never was there more need of bracing criticism. We are not given to despondency; we do not overlook brilliant individual exceptions, but neither can we join in the ridiculous self-complacency with which our present literature regards itself, with all its gaudy plumage. What (is our literature? It would be difficult to name any one depart ment, save history, which is not excessively morbid, and does not demand the surgery of Christopher North. Take poetry-all land scape painting peopled with allegories. For merly poets described men; now they describe trees. Look at the current philosophy—it is the chimera buzzing in a vacuum of which Rabelais speaks; under the name of positivism declaring itself a delusion; under the name of eclecticism becoming still more absurd, be cause stultifying itself pompously. Pass on to theology—the best of its literature is hetero dox; the best of its orthodoxy is vain puzzle about the scarlet lady, the ten-horned beast, the three frogs, and the battle of Arma geddon. Turn then to biography. "The times have been that when the brains were out the man would die, and there an end ; but now' -every pig of genius throughout the county comes to life again in two vols. 8vo. Or look at travel. If it has produced some of the best books of our time this department has the honour of having also produced the very worst Albert Smith is quite right in insisting on the ubiquity of Brown. Brown takes his account book, enlivens it with extracts from the guide books and the remarks of his courier, and sends it to Patërnoster-row for publication. Oh ! for Mandeville and Purchas once again, with al their childlike stare and prattle, and adventure and credulity ; no more of these Browns riding on donkeys over the world. Try fiction as a relief. The circulating libraries groan with novels,—"of extraordinary power," which, un- fortunately, are destined to gather more dust in the next generation than ever covered the romances of Madame de Scudéry, or Margaret, Duchess of Newcastle. They make no pre- tence of story, and the characters dangled like puppets before our eyes are chaff within and tinsel without. The drama, then :—as Smith becomes Smythe, the drama has become diorama. Tragedy has passed into melodrame; comedy into burlesque and pantomime; and the stage has become the platform for snivel- ling sentiment, the creed of teetotallers, and the decalogue of old maids. There is our whole comic literature—a very wilder- ness of monkeys, grinning and punning, and punning and grinning, and threaten- ing us with a comic Bible, and a Prayer-book Travestie. There is that low, penny literature which represents life as a hideous cancer, adultery the object of life, murder the means, and blasphemy the language. And criticism—what says criticism? Eheu ! Quis custodiet ipsos custodes ? Criticism is very brilliant, puts rings on every finger, and shakes hands with every author. Half the authors of the day have been told that they equal either Scott or Defoe in description ; we have given over counting the works that are to live as long as the language ; we could name a dozen Platos ; there is quite a glut of Miltons ; and somehow Shaksperean imagery has become a vulgar accomplishment. We have entered into these details because the reception which has been generally given to the first volume of Professor Wilson's work is curiously significant of, the state of our criticism. With all the praise that has been lavished on these Nodes for their dash, their fiery eloquence, and irresistible humour, the critics have been lifting up their hands in pious horror of old Christopher's severities. It would he better if they took a lesson from old Christopher ; for severity is the very element that our literature requires. There is a great deal of nonsense written about the function of criticism, the current notion being that a critic should discover beeuties, and, as far as possible, overlook blemishes. The idea is based on the assumption that a critic in his chair is like a judge on the bench, and that the sentences of both alike should be characterized by leniency. It is a great mistake. The judge sits on the bench to punish, therefore he ought to be as lenient as justice will permit. The critic sits at his desk to reward, therefore he ought to be as severe as justice will permit. We have cer- tainly no desire to see criticism turned into bloody assizes, and can only detest the spirit of Nil admirari, but it is not less contemptible to see criticism pass into superstition, and burn- ing incense to a legion of wooden idols. The way to immortality is not a railway ; it is like the bridge, Al Sirat, that' leads to the paradise of Mahommed, sharp as the edge of a sword, and he whose foot slips topples down to Tophet. And now a word or two in conclusion about these Ambrosian Nights. It is not too much to say that they are the finest dialogues that ever have been written, except those of Plato, and with these they do not come into comparison. Plato gives us the feast of reason; North the flow of soul. It detracts a little from their popularity that they are written in the Doric of Scotland ; while, on the other hand, this very peculiarity, if mas- tered, adds to their piquancy. Of the princi- pal character who takes part in these colloquies. Professor Ferrier says," In wisdom the Shep- herd equals the Socrates of Plato ; in humour, the Falstaff of Shakspeare. Clear and prompt, he might have stood up against Dr. Johnson in close and peremptory argument ; fertile and copious, he might have rivalled. Burke in amplitude of declamation ; while his opulent imagination and powers of comical description, invest all that he utters either with a pictu- resque vividness or a graphic quaintness pecu- liarly his own,"--in other words, the Shepherd is greater: than Socrates,"Falstaff, Johnson, Burke, all in one. Professor Ferrier is a man of strong beliefs, and we have no doubt is as sincere' in this opinion as he was a few months ago,' in declaring his own "Institutes of Metaphysics" to be 'the ' only system of philo sophy that the world has ever seen.' The Shepherd ' is surely,' great enough if equal' to any one of the' personages named by Professor Ferrier. He. is indeed a remarkable portraiture--not a mere lay figure', not a mere mouthpiece, but genuine flesh and blood, a character full of force and variety--in all its 'changing moods of anger, awe, tears,'laughter, and the unchanging mood of outspoken vanity, retaining its-individuality intact. He has no concealments, no restraint —out with every thought,'hit or miss, bang like a shot. How he crucifies Madame Genlis; how he gibbets the Rev. Caesar Malan-" the Frenchman o' the name o' Caesar ;" in terrible chiaroscuro he depicts the execution of tlie mutineer ; who can resist the ludicrous picture he draws of " Fozie Tam," the dashing captain of dragoons? The description of the fox hunt, how it makes the blood course through every vein; you feel the horse plunging beneath you, there is a flashing of redcoats before your eyes, there is a barking of hounds in your ears, and you spring from the seat with a " View holla !" And while the Shepherd, because of his unre-, strained force of expression, is tho chief cha- racter of the book, the two that support him are worthy of his companionship-North, with his bonhomie of a good appetite, the self-esteem of à gouty man, the crotchets of three score and ten; Tickler, with his lawyerly logic, bald as his head,-keen insight, dry humour, his long body, and his high soul. And how these three ate and drank, talked while they ate, and sang while they drank. All the conversations are based on a healthy animalism. The interlocu- tors do not hold each other by the button, as in those weary argumentations of Hume and Berkeley ; theirs are no dialogues of the dead, pale ghost shivering and chattering to' pale ghost. Pale ale and oysters, and curried lobster and Welsh rabbit, and devilled turkey, and Glenlivet, not to speak of haggis and cock a- leekie, and all the other resources of Scotch cookery-these are the attractions that unite them together, and form the milestones of their discourse. ' Only think of Tickler's appetite ! \- "Mr. Tickler," says the Shepherd, " there's nae occa- sion, man, to look sae down-in-the mouth. Everybody kens ye're a man of genius without your pretending to be melancholy." "I have no appetite, James," Tickler replies.' " Nae appeteet ! how suld ye hae an appeteet? A bowl o'Molly-go-tawny soup, wi' bread in proportion ; twa codlins (wi' maist part o' a lobster in that sass), the first gash o' tho jiget ; stakes; then, I'm maist sure, pullets ; and, finally, guse ; no to count jeelies and coosturd, and bluemange, and many million mites in that Campsie Stilton—better than ony English; a pot o' draught ; twa long shankers o' ale; noos and thans a sip o' the auld port, and just afore grace a caulker o' Glenlivet that made your een glower and water in your head as if you had been looking at Mrs. Siddons in the sleepwalking scene in Shakspeare'a tragedy of Macbeth —gin ye had an appeteet after o' that destruction o' animal and vegetable matter, your maw would be like that o' Death himself, and your stomach insatiable as tho grave." -Such is, the performance of Tickler, the lean man of the party. The execution of the others may be guessed at. On they go, eating and talking, drinking and singing. They talk of everything in Heaven and earth, men and manners, life and literature—punch and poetry, the two favourite themes-then sport- ing, then the Cockneys, then women, then politics; then things in general-each in his proper character attacking the subject of con- versation with his own peculiar weapon, wit or passion/ The result is a series of dialogues, in exuberance of life delightful, in dramatic truth perfect, full of the most salient descrip- tions; the most searching criticism, withering satire, manly pathos, and broadest humour. In broad humour Christopher North excelled all his contemporaries. 