ENGL\ND, RUSSIA, AND AMEItlCAV Tub American difficulty was not settled, and thb Paris difficulty had scarcely commenced when our ijlust ad Vibes left England, two facts Wliibh doubtless cause considerable an.VTbty both at' honife arid' in the British colonies; and' opihlofls: ate greatly at Variance as to'thh issufe'df bbth. A little thought. will,' hbvVev'cr. set' the mind at rest afc to what may in all probability bte the' end of the Amerioaif question,- arid the Paris CiMfferetffcy and-- may save us some litt'e disappointment and vexation as regards the latter, and show us that in (the former we lieve nothing whatever' to fear. With4 regard to America, thefb is" no doubt at all 'but tliaf England was in the wr'ong ih respfect to- ithe Gentral American question, bitt that Ms been 'so far settled' that- (here really remained no further' .ground for complaint;1 and as tb the enlistment difficulty the British Governmerit' owned that they had unintentionally infringed the 1&W;& arid made ample apologies ibr it, more they cannot ih honor do more America cannot under any preteWbe attempt to exact, therefore, virtually there does'not now exist any one point upon which the American ; Government can bolster up an excuse for continuing their abusive attacks against Great Britain ; but as President Peiree and his ministers persist in their endeavour to raise fresh and petty questions; all arising out of the ©he original, and thereby keeping !.th'e public mind of botli England and" America in a state ©f- anxiety,- we can only come to one con clusion, arid- that is, that the whole affair isgot up for the express purpose of cheating a diversion in favour of the Gaar Alexander; From the very outbreak of the war there has been an unmistak able leaning of tlie Americans tovthrds Russia, ;and - this has grown gradually stronger,' as' the power of Russia t© hold oat became daily more apparent, until'it showed itself through the American 1 Press in the form of undisguised sympathy and 'oommisseratinn; and' now as the conduct of President Ptirce we think proves, has stood forth madly, and insolently to assist Russia at tke very moment when she is seemingly driven to accept terms of peace, .or endeavouring, to gain time to recover herself, and be better prepared to ffieetf the tremendous force which was being prepared to be hurled against her. That Russian agents have been very busy iif New York, within the last eighteen months, is pretty Well known to the world ; but it! is hot gfendfally lihowff wlifether or not they have siicdbedbd1 in purchasing the services of P'eirce and his senators, although it does not, we think, require' any very great stretch of tlife imagination to see that' srich is Realty the case; America is truly a great natioff — it is' a wealthy natioh alSO, but I greatness and- wealth mukt not be takeh' ah power.- \ Her wealth1 ik her commteree with' the Wide world y ther peOplb are strictly commercial— they thlVik of nbthing byOhd dollars — thfey live alone foi' them, \- aflld no enterprise is set on foot,- either individually, by (Companies, or by the Government,' but its" return of dollars is calculated: whether it be' the' j annexation; of territory, or the fitting-oujt of a warlike fleet, it' ik all the' iitoe — dollaVk, arid? nothing but dollars, is the grand object. It is this everlasting grasping, avaricious feeling, regardless alike of safety and honour, that? has laid America open to the intrigues of Ruksja ; and that she has taken advantage of it, and made President Peirce' and his thoughtless subjects, slaves of tUb Czar/ the arrogance of America prClfy clearly demon strates. We cannot for a I moment, entertain the1 idea that a nation without an army, and scarcely' possessing the ghost of a navy, would be tempted to inSuit and provoke so powerful a nation as Great- Britain, unless she had been amply paid for the riklc she was running, of bringing ruin and' disgrace upon the country. Her trade with? England' alone, amounting to above one hundred millions annually, would be destroyed; while in a-' very brief space of time, New York, Boston, New Orleans, and Philadelphia would be laid in ashes; but why need we speculate upon what might, but never will take place ? Let us rather look to the point which all fills' diplomacy, and buying, andF selling of a nation's hoiidlir, clearly indicates;- — that point is Russia. It is to' her that we must/ lbok for a solution of the " American 'Difficulty," atod we think we need not look long or very" pcfrbtratingly to discover a meaning -'to the whdlc 1 affair. It eithfer betrays a rapidly growing weak-' ness oh the part of .Russia, and thereby her' inability to pfolong the struggle, bV that she is' willing- to miike concessions and relinquish her hold1 upon territories Which she finds she' never' 6hn' make available fur thb ultimate good of her empire' and people, while she wiH take advantage of tlie1 great reaction' which' would certainly follow the'1 conclusion4 of peace, to' take quiet pbssession of a1 part of thb world! wblre neithbf England and Pi'ance, not the United Powers of Europe, can'1 prevail against her ; and whbre her influence over' Easfterti eointriCrce, may some'dhy be felt. In lookihg' t'd the first of these points— that Rhssfk is unable'to continue the struggle, we have sonib considerable iriisgivings ; that her gold, has flowed ihto'thb states of America, to Austria; to the vhry salobnk of Pari«», and all this expended, and the couhtry ih' want of money, is incofeslkteht ; nor" wbuid it be expfended at all, unless for the attain--" ment of some gteat object r<\- that that ob;ect isil pfeabe,' there is nridbubvand that she is making a shield' of America, is about as certain, in order,- if ( possible, to softeri' dbwri the severiiy of England' towards lief, arid enable her, during the exbitefaienfc' of war in perspective, with the States, to make' terms which1 may leave her unpuriiShed, and not-' Called upon to make those concessions which1' England and Fiance would surely exact f'rbin an5 enemy that was really and truly beaten. So far the agent's of the Czhr have' bfeen .successful, and: ii"1 is now left with th'osb cool- headed diplomatists' Bruriow and Orlbfl- to seal the' future of Russia.' That future is in all1 probability ..intended to Ire'raised in tlfb East,- in Tartar, and!4 the North of China. Here with the extensive and1, valuable Am6or flowing 'far into the Very heart' of Asia, will RiiSsia make the attempt to carry . empire to the? South, arid establish her fleets olid4 .,!her commerce in i hb North Pacific here she Willi1 speedily raise another Seb&stopol;, and bid defiance' r;to the fleets of the Western Powers, and united-' iH will and deed with lier riehr' neighbours tiflSP' j Americans, endeavour to effect- conquests; arid! raise a power that would be of infinitely moT1 value to her, than the- whole- of the dotniiiioiis,-- 