TOR MR, 'JOHNi BLACK OP THIS . MQXMifQ QmOtflQUR, _ - "V's finí IP, " Hardwtake**, Annual Biograph.}" the following brief memoir of the Ute Mr, Blaok, for roany Tears» the well known editor of the Aforn,.i»<? Chronicle newspaper. Jane 15th, at Birling, Kent,, aged 72, John Black, Esq.. formerly editor of the Morning Chronicle.-Mr. Black was born in 1763, near Dunse, in Berwickshire. IIo was the son of a labouring cottier, résident four miles from that town. Ho lost his father and mother before he was twelve years of age. But even before that early period he gave signs of his future ability. Ho was educated at the parochial school of Dunse, and was noted among his schoolfellows, and by tho good people of Dunse, us a remarkably clever boy. It was the wish of his mother that the child should be educated for tho Church ; but the dream was not to ba realized. At tho age of fourteen he was engaged as an errand-boy in a factor's office in hU native town. Finding that sphcro too limited for his energies or ambition, ho went to Edin- burgh in his eighteenth year, and found employment at a stationer's. He subsequently obtained admission to the offices of two, if not of three. Writers to the Sig- net, in Edinburgh. Here he mado the host use of his time-taught himself tho classics, and became an excel- lent Latin, and still better Greek scholar. He also de- voted his attention to the modern lauguages, and learned German from an Austrian musician employed in tho theatre, an Italian from another foreign musician teaching them his English (such as it was) in return. He also acquired French, though he never speke it with purity. Ho continued in Edinburgh in theso various employ- ments till twenty-seven years of ago, when ambition prompted him to soak his fortune in London. He walked the whole distance, and arrivcd,notpenniless,but, by his own account, with not more than three half- pence I Ho brought letters of introduction to Mr. I'orry, the proprietor and editor of the Morning Chro- nicle,-one from tho late Mr. Gibson, afterwards Sir James Gibson Craig. Ho was fortunate enough to pleaso Mr. Perry, an admirable judge both of genius and of character, and was forthwith engaged on that journal-his employment being to transluto the foreign journals and to tuke his " turn" ns o, reporter in the gal- lery. Black was considered to be a very rapid reporter; but his principal merit consisted in tho celerity with which he made his way from the House of Commons to Uie siranu. ASiacK worrieu me oversee*' uy umoying un "copy" to the last moment, and by loud radical com-' menu on tho subject-matter of debate in the reporter's room. His animal npirits were overflowing, and bis love of " argumentation," when young, excessive. He used to be called the " Professor of Logie," and tho " Flying Scotchman." Mr. Black was appointed principal editor of the Morning Chronicle about two years before Mr. Perry's death, which occurrod in 1831. He held the ofnco with- out interruption from that period until 1814, nearly one-third of a century, under three different proprie- tors. He was necessarily brought into social and poli- tical intercourse during that time with somo of the principal men of his day. And it is but doing scanty justice to his memory to Bay that no one knew him who did not love him for the guilelessness of bis disposition, and admire him, not only for the vast rango of his learning, but for his sterling and fearless honesty of purpose, and his sincere, earnest, and successful advo- cacy of liberal principies. Mr. Black was an editor of the old school, and lived nt his workshop in the higher story of tho then offlco, in Norfolk-street, Strand. Ho was twice married-first under circumstances of which little is known. His second wife, who died two or three years beforo him, was Miss Cromeok, sister of the artist of thnt name, residing in Newman-street, Oxford-street, and where Black tem- porarily lodged. Mrs. Black was herself a romarkablo woman-something like Meg Merrilies in person. The garret habits of tho couple were a frequent source of amusement to their friends. Black's rooms, including tho bed-room, wero so encumbered with books, both on tho walls and on tho door-tho gleanings of nearly half a century-that it wus difficult to walk through them. At one timo the pair were obliged to creep into bed at the end, tho bedsides being piled up with dusty volumes of divinity and politics, and defying entrance in any other way ; for it was ono of tho editor's peculiarities that he would not have his books moved or dusted by any hand but his own. In his walks Air. Black's con- stant attendant at ona timo was a largo Newfoundland dog named Cato, whom ho used to tug along from book- stall lo book-stall, or run with to and from Blackheath and London at all hours of tho night. Mr. Black had a very wida circle of political and literary associates, and personally knew every leading Liberal of his time. Every eminent man in tho wide world of British and Irish politics sought his aid, and ho kept tho secrets intrusted to him with scrupulous fidelity. However loquacious on other malters, ho never betrayed his contributors. Tho lato Duke of Sussex ivns an active purveyor for him, especially during tho illness of Gcorgu III. and the Regency. His other fre- quent writers woro Sheridan, Adair, D. Kinnaird, Gene- ral Palmer, Mr. E. Dnbois, the Rev. Mr. Colton, Lord Holland, the lato John Allen, Porson, Jekyll, '. Tommy Hill," Horneo Smith, and other worthies no« 1 no moro. To these may bo added tho names of Albanv Fonblanque, James Mill, David Ricardo, C. P. Thomson I (afterwards Lord Sydenham), Mr. Mcculloch (ono o: Iiis most steady and attached frionds), and Mr. N. W Senior. These gentlemen wrote chiefly on subjects ol political economy. Mr. Chadwick provided Mr. Blacl i with ample material on the Poor-laws. Mr. Francis I Place, though a Charing.cross tnilor, supplied Mr Black, as also did Mr. Hume, with invaluable material in the discussion of tho Repeal and Alteration of thc Combination Laws, and the Export of Machinery, io 1824-5. Many members of tho Upper Houso also favoured him with contributions, especially tho "Jockey of Norfolk"-called tlie first Protestant Duke, tho late Lords Erskine, Moira, Lauderdale, Durham, and Essex. Tho late Mr. Charles Buller, in 1830, when a student iu Mr. Coulson's chambers, first used his pen for Black in lively and briof articles. Tho supposed ghost ol Jtinius also haunted tho editor's room. Sir Philip Francis was tho author of tho "Historical Questions" which appeared in tho Chronicle ; and Proby, tho sub oditor, wa3 struck by tho similitude of the handwriting to the facsimiles of tho Letters of Junius in the Public Ledger. Sir Philip long occasionally communicated both with Mr. Perry and Mr. Blaok. Lord Brougham's handwriting was well known during the Queen's Trial, and for fully a quarter of a century afterwards. The Right Honorable Edward Ellice, the member for Coven- try, was, years since, a frequent and valued corre- spondent. Mr. Joseph Parkes was a constant contributor from 1824 to later years; and wo behove that gentleman penned in Birmingham most of the leading articles in the Chronicle on Tithes, during tho public agitation of that question and the Commutation Act. Tho same hand kept up a constant cannonade in Black's leaders on Municipal and Parliamentary and Law Reform, pre ! ceding 1831, and subsequently to the later settlement of those questions. Colonel Thompson had nlso his ! entrée to Black's private room, and early launched the Corn Law question, years before the Manchester League and Sir Rotiert Peel *' settled" it. Old Colonel Jones, in tlie Morning Chronicle as well as in thu limes, in 1830, 18:11, and 18.T2, discharged his rifle-shots into the ranks of tlie " carruptionists" of that day. Thomas Moore deposited with Black occasional prose leaders and poet- ical squibs on Irish party subjects. Black's old friend and schoolfellow, Mr. Thomas Young, now living, was another invaluable friend of both journals, especially in tho crisis of tho Reform Acts, writing numeroa articles for the Chronicle i and also keeping tho Pres au courant in sitch information as Lord Melbourno (u whom Slr. Young was then private secretary) consi dered important for the right direction of publi opinion. Sir Robert Peel, with all his prudery, did no think it inconsistent with his dignity to send a "com munication" now and then, with " Sir Robert Peel'i compliments." He also had communications fron Windsor in subsequent reigns. Georgo IXL was mo« titan suspected by Mr. Black of the perpetration of t leading article, the subject being himself; but thc proof in this case was presumptive, not positive, thongb quito satisfactory to Mr. Black. Nor wns Mr. Black's useful connection confined only to noblemen and gen- tlemen. He had a powerful corps of female contribu- tors; amongst whom were the late Miss Edgeworth and Mrs. Marcet, Lady Caroline Lamb, and subsequently, a living lady of singular talent and force of mind, the wife of an eminent historian. This notico of Mr. Black's career would be incomplete if we did not mention that he was twice engaged in what are misnamed " affairs of honour ;"-the first time with n colleague on tho press, for provocation arising ont of a personal squabble or argumentation on politics ; and the second time with Mr, Roebuck, in consequence of an article in the Chronicle, which, however, Mr. Black did not write. Both these affairs were happily bloodless. Mr. Black retired from the management of the Morn- ing Chronicle in 1ÍU4, under circumstances which oz* cited somo regret among the Liberal party, but on which \ it i* not necessary for us to dwell. These circumstances compelled him to sell his valuable and unique library j one of the most singular ever formed-and tho collee 1 tion of which had been his only "hobby," and the great : charm of hi« life. With the proceeds; added to a sum I contributed by the proprietors of the paper which be Lhad so long and so ably served, and other moneys raised for him amont the lead«?« of th« liberal party, by tbe advice qf his friends, bo bought himself a small annuity, whioh waa amply «nluciont for hi« simple taste« and; moderate wanta ; from 1W4 ta hi* decease, his year« were passed in the calm and rational enjoyment of « well-earned repose. Mr. Coulson, it should be added, gave his friend a cottage at a nominal rent, and a piece of land to cultivate. Here the ancient editor read Greek, walked with his canine friends, fed pigs, weeded his garden, and hrard afar off the roir of that great world which ho had quitted for ever. It was here-at Birling, near Town Malling-that the philosopher died, bequeathing to his friend Mr. Coulson his books and papers. Buring his early struggles in London, Mr. Black worked for the booksellers, but never compiled or wrote an original aork. His translations were ns follow : ! " Political Essay on tho Kingdom of New Spain," icc, from the French of A. de Humboldt f " Travels through Norway , and Lapland," " from tho German of Leopold, with Notes, and a Life of tho Author by Professor ! I Jamieson; " Memoirs of Goldoni. tha celebrated Italian Dramatist," written by Himself, from tho French ; and a "Course of Lectures on the Dramatic Arts and Litera j turo," translated from the German of Sclilegel. Mr. Black was a great favourite with thc late Lord Melbourne, when thc latter was Prime Minister. His lordship esteemed him not only for his great learning, his wonderful memory, hi» apt illustration of every topic of discourse by an apparently inexhaustible fund of anecdote-derived from the most recóndito sources but for his simplicity uni bonltomie. John Black was a modern Diogenes in everything but tho ill-nature. On one ocoasion Lord Melbourne said to him-"Mr. Black, you are the only person who comos to see mo who forgets who I am." The editor opened his eyes j with astonishment. "You forget that I am Primo 'Minister." .Mr. Black was about toopolegizo; buttha Premier continued, "Everybody elso takes especial care to remember it; but I wish they would forget it, but they only remember it to ask me for places and favours. Now, Mr. Black," added his lordship, .. yon never ask me fomny thing, and I wish you would ; for seriously I should be most happy to do anything in my power to serve you." " I am truly obliged," said Mr. Blaok, " but I dont't want anything : I am editor of the Morning Chronicle ; I like i my business, and I live happily on my income." "Then, I by Heaven," said tho peer, "I envy you; and you're the only man I ever did." It should be noted among tho characteristics of this excellent man, that he had a keen eye for the discovery i of youthful genius-a warm heart to appreciate-a I sound head to advise-and a liberal hand to reward it. Among many other liberal examples which could bo named, it was Mr. Black who was among tho first to discover the extraordinary gifts of Charles Dickens, when, twenty years ago, he was a reporter of tho Morn- ing Chronicle, and who did his utmost tn encourage and elicit it.-Abridged from the Illustrated London News. 