i \ COLONIAL GOVERNORS . . . (From the Times.) : The sudden and 'melancholy death of Sir Charles \ Hotham,; the Governor . of Victoria; gives. to the head-of the Colonial'Office avalji- 'able piece' of patronage,' and at the same time furnishes a bint as to. the manner of exercisiilg it. Twoj .professions— the .; military- aud'the naval— have hitherto, with few exceptions, en joyed a monopoly of colonial government. This we must consider as a relic of that 1 system . of centralisation, interference; and repression' which is now to happily and so speedily pass ing away for ever. S long as it was the policy of the Home Government ..to interdict to tho inhabitants1 of the colonies the management of their own 'affairs, and to regulate those, affairs in Downing-istreet, no. instrument' could 'lie found better adapled'for such a plan of govern ment than a soldier or a sailor, whose . profes sional habits had taught him alike to command and obey, to tolerate no opposition from his infeiiors, and to offer none to -the "will of his official chief. ; 13ut when 1 people began to grow1 disgusted with this simple and summary regime, and it was conceded that the colonisti had a right to some voice iti their own affairs, and were, more likely to know what, was uood for them than men who exercised their patron age, manased their finances, and controlled thrir legislation at the distance of the di ameter of the globe, the vices of the mili tary and naval system began to declare them selves. Many and bitter were the conflicts fought out between gallant captains, strong- tempered colonels, and unyielding generals on the one side, and hybrid colonial Legisla tures of all the varied forms which the Pro tean ingenuity of the Government could con- jure up on the other, and bitter was the ran cour and quenchless the heartburning against the home Government excited by these ob scure and absurd conflicts, in which, the ex treme claims of h-df-emaucipated Legislatures were- encountered with doctrines of preroga tive unheard of in England since the days of the Revolution. Still more ; completely has the system of appointing naval and military Governors failed in proportion as a larger measure of self-government has bsen con ceded. We find one Governor dissolving his Council with a precipitation and violence which recall the days of the Oxford Parliament of Charles II, or the attempt to seize the five members by Charles I; and another engaged in unseemly conflicts with his Legislature, which consist in an interchange of imperious mes sages on the' one side and defiant resolutions' on.tl-e other. A still more unfortunate instance of the unfitness of mililary and naval men for the government of colonies, is afforded by the history of the Governor whose death has given occasion for these observations. Sir Charles Hothnm is admitted on all hands to have been an excellent officer, having on many occasions shown the most undaunted courage, and once, unhappily for him, very considerable dexterity in managing a negotiation with such assistance as he could derive from the cannon of hi6 fri- gnte. On the strength of these excellent qua lities, Sir Charles Hotham was sent to govern the turbulent- colony of Victoria at a period of great financial difficulty and rapid so cial transition. He was received with a outburst of popular enthusiasm — we might 'say of enthusiastic loyalty — such as no one, per haps, except the new Governor of a colony in these unkingly days, is ever dt st-ined to expe rience. Elated by the unexpected warmth of- his reception. Sir Charles gave way to a burst of democratic sentiment which he must since that time have often seen reason to regret. Popular enthusiasm soon cooled, and was fol-, lowed by a rebellion which tested only too se verely the professions of the Governor of an implicit deference for popular rights. The re bellion was put down with considerable, per haps unnecessary, bloodshed, and an attempt was made to follow up this success by a num ber of trials for high treason, io all of which the Government was foiled by the determina tion of juries to screen the offenders, at what ever damage to the administration of justice- At this time Sir Charles Hotham's popula rity had ebbed to the very utmost, and all bis honesty and good intentions could not extri cate him from a series of irritating conflicts with the colony and the Legislature, which gradually wore out his strength and consigned | him to a premature grave. Let it be always remembered to his honor that he retrieved the financcs of the colony, which he found in ' a most disordered state ; that he had to combat the effects of errors not his own j and that, in addition to all his political difficulties, he had to struggle with a period of monetary and com mercial depression ; but let it, at the same time, be not forgotten that this gallant and well- meaning gentleman was placed in an arena of which his previous habits and education gave him no kind of experience, and was called up on to apply the maxims of a profession of ab solute command and passive obedience, to the shock and conflict which are inseparable from the working of free institutions. Sir Charles Hotham failed because he possessed the quali ties of a gallant, open-hearted seaman, which hts employers bad a right to expect from him, instead of those of an experienced and careful statesmen, to which he made no pretence, and which they had no right to look for. We hope that this instance, which is only- one out of many similar, though less fatal, ca tastrophes, will not be without its lesson, so far as regards the appointment of Governors to colonies possessing electi d assemblies and res ponsible government. It is in watching the' operations of free .government that tlie art of presiding over it with dignity and success is most thoroughly and most effectually learnt. The man who' rules over free men sljiouict be practically conversant with the only manner in which free men car, be ruled — that is, by their own will, and by their own consent. This les son will be best learnt in our Houses of Parlia ment—the great patterns and exnniplars of free government to the rest, of the world, and it is to them rather than to the ranks of the army and navy, we must look for men who can conciliate the the utmost freedom of local-self- governuient with dependence on a central and imperial authority. The number of such men is unquestionably very limited, hut if they can not be found iii that clues they may be sought for in those walks of life in which men are most brought into coutact with the opinions and cha racters of independent men, To govern a co lony .successfully does not require abilities of the very highest order, but the abilities which it does require are. those of the well trained ci vilian, not 'of the naval or military commander. If self-government in our colonies is to', have fair'play, it must be placed under the control of men who have been themselves trained in its schoul. Experience has shown how. rarely those who want this training' succeed, and we feel conrinced that it will also/ show that men who have this training very rarely'fail. ) A married man in Paris had inherited, during the past year from his uncle £8,030. ' It was too little for his ambition, so he told his wife that his uncle had spent most of his fortune and had only left him £1,200; That sum he placed in the' family coffer, and kept the rest. With' the lot;- ; ter he began to speculate on the Bourse, where' he was surprisingly -fortunate. He did not say a -word about ; his good luck to liis wifo. New- Year's Day came, and he said to her, " My dear, here .is a- ticket for the OpOra, which I give you as . a New Year's gift.'' liis spouse accepted it with gratitude; believing his small means did not . admit of such expensive presents as shawls, -&o.; Off they went to the Opera. When the perform ance was over, and they descended to the vestibule a livery servant appeared, and threw .over the lady's shoulders, a splendid opera-cloak, -lined .with crimson. The lady amazed, Ipoked first at the cloak aud then at the 'servant, who,. bowing respectfully, told her that her carriage wasiat the door. In a state of.stupefaction slie ontered me-j clinnicallv n very handsome new carriage, hearing as she did so, the footman tell the coachman to drive liome.l But this home was not the one she had left a few hours before. An elegant little suite of apartments, richly and tastefully furnish ed, met her bewildered gaze, and her husband offering her the key. said, " My dear, I have presented you with the New Year's gift, I really intended for you." At supper, the mystery was; cleared up by a full confession from him ot> the source of this good fortune. American Domestic 1 Vine. — Tho Cincinnati chamber of commerce, in a recent report on the business , of that city, remarks as follows:— " Another business which lias grown up almost' entirely since 1850 is the inakiug of wine, and which promises to equal in amount that of the finest provinces of Franco. By comparing tho statistics of the horticultural society with the fact that numerous vineyards have been set out in the1 last year or two, we may confidently state that there are not less than 2,000 acres of Cattawba vines in cultivation in the vicinity of Cincinnati, of which 1,600 acres are in full bearing. By, the. average production of the last few years, this area of vines will vield 700.000 srallons, and in a, very short time it must be greatly increased. Already dry and sparkling wines and brandy, commanding the highest prices, are made here, and tlie demand for them is greater than the supply. Sir. _G. Longworth, the famous wine grower of Cincin nati, has just published an article, in wliich.he says : — ' Ours is the region for grape culture and the manufacturing of wine. The wine countries of Europe have no native grapes. Our hills and valleys are covered with vines, producing hun dreds of varieties of grapes. If our temperance men can be induced to respect the doctrines of tho Bible, and not interfere with the culture of pure wine, not many years will elapse till_ we can not only supply tlie United States with wine, but in-, elude all Europe." j Lou of a Steamer and Three Hundred Lives. — On Wednesday advices were received at Lloyds of the total loss of the Chilian war steamer, Cazador, under date Valparaiso, February the 14th. It seems this magnificent vessel, built in the port of London at a cost of £100,000, was on her passage from Valparaiso to Constitucion with a large amount of specie on board, when on the 30th Ja nuary, being within a few hours of her destination, during a terrible gale she went broadside on tlie Carranga rocks, eighteen miles S.W., of Consti tucion. A fearful scene now ensued amongst those on board, numbering 390 souls, including Englishmen and other Europeans. The gallant ship withstood some time the fury of the wind and waves, during which, about seventy-five r er-j sons contrived to climb high up on the reel", when suddenly she broke in two, and Billing off the rocks, each half in opposite directions, 300 per sons instantly perished. Those who gained the rocks were, after several hours of intense suffer ings, rescued and taken into Constitucion. They describe the yells of the 300 human beings; as' the vessel parted, as horrifying and most appalling. The total loss by this vessel, including the gold on ; board, is £250,000. The Man of the Iron Mask. — The prison of tlio Bastile has long been demolished ; but, while an interest in the history of the human race remains, it will not cease to be remembered. The Bastile, the erection of which began in the year 1370, was composed of high and large towers, united together by thick walls enclosing two large courts, which were separated from each other by other walls in tervening; the whole being enclosed by a deep and wide ditch. At the base of all the towers were dungeons. Each tower, eighty feet in height above the dungeon, consisted of lour stories, The dun geons were below the level of the ground; some of them admitted a little light ; others were perfectly dark. There was no stove or fireplace in any of them. . It was in these dreadful abodes, that the two prinees of Armagnac were immured by the or ders of Louis XL; one of whom, overcome by the weight of wretchedness and despair, lost his reason ; the other, set at liberty upon a change of the go vernment, published an accouut of nis sufferings.. . "When the prisonerscnteredthesedreadfulabodes,1 their names were entered in a register, with the dates of their arrival, and with the specification of the towers and the numbers of the towers, to which they were assigned. They were then subjected to a strict search j and everything was taken from them, except such clothing as was absolutely ne cessary. The large and stony apartments, in which they were enclosed, if they were so much favoured as to escape an incarceration in the dungeons, were exceedingly cold in winter ; and 'as they were not capable of ventilation, the prisoners suffered uo less from the unpleasant heats of summer ; a grievance which was increased by the steams issuing from the' water that putrified in the ditch below. Iron cages, ' and other instruments of torture, were kept in re serve for those who were refractory. A few feet from Madame Guyon, during her; confinement, was the celebrated prisoner known in . history as the Man of the Iron Mask. A very few ' persons knew who he was. To them the knowledge was limited ; and the secret has died with them. The common supposition is, that he was a twin brother of Louis XI\r. ; and that in order to pre vent his putting forth pretensions and claims to the throne, he was shut out from all intercourse with j men, and even from all knowledge of himself. For \ the purpose of entire conceulment.be wore a mask,: of which the lower part had steel springs contrived so that lie could eat without taking it off. An old physician of the Bastile, who had often attended this remarkable man in his seasons of ill health, declared that he had never been allowed to see his face, though lie had often examined his tongue and other parts of his persou. Whoxi Madame Guyon : was shut up in the Bastile, the > Man of the Iron Mask had been a solitary prisoner: thirty-seven years. Probably be did not know his own history ; he had scarcely : been allowed to see ; any human being from infancy. A Great -1m.— A fellow wont to the parish priest, nnd told him, with a long face, that he had seen a ghost. " When and where?" snid the pas- tor. "Last night," replied the man. "I was pass ing by the church, nnd Hp against the wall of it did 1 behold the spectre." ! "In what shape did it appear?" asked the priest.1 "It appeared in the shape of a great ass." " Go home, and hold your tongue nbout it," rejoined the pastor; "you arc a very timid man, and have been frightened by your own shadow." . ' ! Freedom ofPubliis Opinion in France. — To what absurdities Louis Napoleon is rushing in the attempt to suppress free speech is shewn in the endeavors the police of Paris are making to seize any copy of Beranger's works which they can find. Bcranger is one of the few poets the French have had. 'He is to the French what Burns is tu-tlic Scotch; ' If an English ' Govern ment madly strove to banish the' works of the Scottish poet from the place which veneration and affection have allotted them beside the Bible in many a Scottish cottage, we Bliould pronounce that Government to be in exceeding peril.'' And when the Jeremy -Diddler of the Tuilerics pro/ scribes Berangcr, he must feel danger iii its dark est aspects, and its deadliest menaemgs to be' much nearer him than he likes to confess.— Letter of Atticus in the Age, 1 1 '' 1 J \- " Paradise Lost- on the French Stage. — A new spectacle produced at the Ambigu-Comique, with 'the title Le Paradis Perdu, is one of those social "facts" that make an untravelled John Bull rub his eyes, and ask himself: whether the narrator is not taking advantage of his credulity. There is no metaphorical meaning in the word " Paradis" ; hut the fall of man; as relatedin Genesis and expa tiated upon by John Milton, is gravely put on the stage,- and the - history is carried down to the ter mination of the deluge. In the first scene, the rebel angels, recently enst down by the thunderbolt of the Almighty, are- shown in the abyss. The Angel of Mercy exhorts Lucifer to give some sign of penitence ; hut Lucifer is too proud to yield tp his conqueror. M With the new name of Satan he rcigusover Hell, and creates Pandemonium; where he takes his sent on a throne of fire, wit.h Death and Sin on each side of him. The following scene shows tho Garden of'Eden, with 'the' tree of know ledge. Satan, maddened with jealousy at, behold ing the linppiness of the newly-created pair, tempts them to' eat the forbidden fruit; and' they next ap pear as-exiles from Paradise, parents of Cuin and Abel; anew 1'rench luterest ueing git en io we action at this point by the circumstance that Satan is— in love with Eve. (!) The murder of Abel by Cain is perpetrated in due course ; and then the history passes on to the time of Noah, when the ' descendants of Cain have' incurred the Divine wrath by their orgies in the holy temples. The ark is made; and the deluge is announced by Noah and his family; but the'sinners around t'ieiu laugh at the menaced destruction,— prompted as they are by a stranger, who is no other than Satan in disguise. The arch-enemy is now in love with Noema, the betrothed of Jnphet. At the instance of her wicked admirer, she refuses to enter-the ark ; and is carried high above the rising waters in the arms of Satan, who surveys with delight the destruction of the world. When, however, Noaina discovers the real character of her preserver, she springs in to the waves,- aud saves her soul by the sacrifice of her life; Noristliistheonly source of grief to Satan. The Angel Gabriel shows hira the rainbow as the symbol of a new 1 covenant ; and below this won drous' ark stands a woman, intended for the Virgin Mary, with her foot upon the serpent's head. ' Napoleon' III. — Louis Napoleon Buonaparte, the present Emperor of the French, was born on the 20th of April, 1808, at the Triileries. His mother was Hortense, Queen of Holland, the wife of Napoleon's brother Louis, to whom that king dom had been assigned. The marriage of Hor tense and Louis was most unfortunate ; they did nothing but quarrel, and, in September, 1807, they 'finally separated at Amsterdam, and Hortense re turned to her mother, in Paris. There the present Emperor was born, and it is remarkable that he and the king of Rome were the only two persons of. the family of Napoleon whose births were re ceived with military honors and the homage of. the people. There is one circumstance connected with the fate of this family, which historians have hot yet observed, but which is well worth men tion. Napoleon the Great set aside his -own best friend and councillor, Josephine, to obtain an heir to the throne of France. He married a Princess of Austria, and by her he had a son. That birth was the culminating point of his power and dig nity. From thence he did nothing but descend. He died in exile — his son also. Who succeeds to his name, his fame, his power ? The child of Hortense, who was the child of Josephine ! In the person of the Emperor of the French we find not the offspring' of Napoleon the Great, but the offspring of his discarded wife. What an illustra tion of the truth of the adage — " That it is man who proposes but God who disposes." Proposed Submuritie Tunnel , from Birkenhead to Liverpool, under the River Mersey. — A project for accomplishing this desirable anil useful com mercial undertaking, nnd which would prove a general advantage to these rapidly rising towns, has been recently submitted to several influential jentlemen, by whom it has been received \ritli ligh approbation, and encouragement sufficient to induce the projector to bring the subject as early as possible more fully before the notice of the inhabitants of Liverpool and Birkenhead, for whose benefit particularly the project is intended, by affording a safe and easy communication from town to town, through a treble-arched tunnel beneath the Mersey ; one arch being for a double liue of railway ; one arch for waggons, carts, aud oommcrciiil carriages ; and one arch for quick- moving vehicles, equestrians, and pedestrians, thus affording ever' posssiblc advantage to the general public, for access to aud from each town, instead of by the present ferries, which are not at all times pleasant, or even safe, to cross over. A con siderable advantage would present itself (to others besides the inhabitants) in prolonging the railways which are now compelled to terminate on each side of. the Mersey, and offering a continuous route, or a terminus on each side for each railway, whichever arrangement would he the most desir able for the travelling public. The plan is a mo dification of the tunnel proposed by Air. W. Aus tin, for a passage under the sea from Dover to Calais, as described in the Mining Journal of Jan. 19\. The Mersey tunnel would, as at present pro posed and arranged, be about two miles in length,' of which about three-quarters of a mile would be made under the river. The whole of the tunnel thoroughly dry, ventilated, lighted with gas, un der surveillance, and easy of access at all times aud seasons.— -Mining Journal. Jzncounter with a Lioness am, her Cubs. — Alter repeated complaints brought to me by the inha bitants of the district, I started for' El archioua. The lioness and her suite had disappeared the pre vious day. The two following nights were without any result; but the. following day, towards six o'clock in the evening the approach of the lioness was announced to me by. the general, and precipi tous flight of all the smaller animals, who had been till then roaming about me. The ravine be iug deeply embanked and covered with bushes, I could not get sight of the lioness until she had come close up to her . prey. . Th'c cubs followed her a few paces behind, and one of them having ventured to pass before his mother to get to the horse, she' sprang upon him, threw him down with one blow of her paw, and obliged him to disap pear in the brushwood. The lioness had now perceived me. Retreating with her cubs, she be gan turning round the lentisc tree, nenr which I sat, showing her head at times behind a bush, in order to try and sec me, but withdrawing the in stant I made a movement to take aim. The next moment she disappeared. Hearing no sound, I was beginning to believe she had fairly gone off, when, glancing to my left, I saw her at a few paces from me, stretched out like a snake, liqr n-ad resting , on her two paws, and lier eyes fixed o.ti miuo. rs'ot a mowciit.iras tu lie lost. ' I took aim full in the forehead, aud pressed the trigger. Slie made a bound four, of five, feet high, and fell deacTaver the horse. I waited until lour o'clock in, the morning, but the cubs did not reappear! Next day when I returned, accompanied by a crowd of, Arabs, we found it impossible to loosen the teeth and claws of the lioness from the body of, tlie liorse. , We were obliged, therefore, . to cut the carcase of the latter,, aud to carry away the lioness together with a piece of flesh on which her death-grasp, had fastened.— Gerard AilvqUures, , i The Tipperary Bank'. — Tlie , Carlow Post says — " The, official manager assures us that the ar rangements lie is .making 'will enable tlie, bond fide. creditors to prove their, debts without being put to one shilling cost ; one fact is, however, clear! that if even every shareholder were sold out', a large dividend "could not be paid. This wc arc au thorised to state ; and, as we learn from tlie.same 1 authority, that the liabilities arc above £400,000, ' and the assets about £30,000, tlio creditors will ' have to agree to a compromise as the readiest'nnd ! surest mode of realising whatever is available un- \ der the i circunritanccs. '- -Litigation' should above j all be' avoided, as it -can tend to nothing but interminable delay and lues . to- the, unfortunate claimants.!?- ' Military Pdpularity.—A young officer, who has < lately ; returned to ' Lancashire,' badly wounded when' oii'duty in" the- trenches before -Sevastopol, - declares that1 he'has travelled across England free of expense; ,f or neither hotel- keepers nor railway- clerks would take a penny from him when they foimd 'tieiriu' "'# Jcior wouridcd'wltliwM " j ' , A Lady's First Trip to Town.— A short time ago a young lady residing in. North Wales, desi rous of seeing London, ' took the opportunity of accompanying her friends, a married 'lady and gentleman.' They proceeded 1 en route from Ban gor to Birmingham shortly afterwards, the traip ; being in'inbtion,- she threw lier tickct out at the . window,' and after it an ejaculation of "Dear me.'? On' arriving at Chester she had to pay lier faret over again, though she represented tlio lact to thel "proper authority." The ticket was, however, I Eickcd up by a railway officer, and tbe riioney onorably returned. On retiring to rest at tbe hotel at Birmingham, our fair traveller fell into another misliap. The' numbers of, tlie bedrooms had been recently changed into letters, thus— No. 1 into A, No. 2 into B. and so on ; but the arrival of our friends was followed by that of a gentle man who frequently visited the hotel ; he was not acquainted ' with the recent tvansnmttition of the figures 'into letters, aud had'always, slept in the room now marked C, the identical chamber- to which our fair traveller had retired for the night. Her habit was never to lock her bed-room door; She had scarcely reposed her head on the pillow; when she saw her door opened by a gaunt gentle man with a lighted candle.au his hand, which he placed on the table and then stalked to her bed side like Hamlet's ghost. The shriek that she then raised reached every corner of the house; andtfrigliteiied the intruder himself. The waiter concluding that the latter had entered the wrong room, cried out at the top of his voice, " Letter B, Letter B." Still the damsel shrieked, and still the waiter cried, " Letter B." " Let her be, you stupid fellow," vociferated the intruder, " I don't touch her ; but here Ls a young woman got iuto my bed." Another shriek from the damsel, and " Letter B," again cried the waiter. " Let her be : you fool !" was tbe exasperated reply, "don't I tell, you I bavn't touched lier." Of course the appearance of the chainbcrma'd and waiter brought an immediate explanation. Our fair traveller's troubles, however, were not at an end. Two days afterwards she accompanied some friend to Kew Gardens, where any reticule or basket, however small, is not allowed to enter ; but she, intending to remain the whole of the day being passionately fond of flowers, and having been informed. that no refreshments could be ob tained in the gardens, had provided herself a little sandwich and a little wine and water, stowed care fully in a little basket, which she concealed under her arm : hut the porter, whether from the guilty gait of the fair one or. from his perception having been sharpened by frequent detection of the art ful fair, followed the damsel, tapped her on the shoulder, and begged to be allowed the custody of tbe basket she had hidden under her arm ! This ivas an humiliating discovery. In the afternoon she returned by ' steamer, and, to wind up the day's chagrin, she absolutely forgot her interest ing little basket and ' left it on board when she landedat Pimlico ! AYe will not pursue tlie thread of our fair 'traveller's trouble's, but rejoice with her friends that she has been safely restored to her family. — Country Paper. A, People's Bulwark. —English Opium- eater: Say, what is the bulwark of a people, the founda tion of its greatness and the substance of its power? The virtue of the people ; their courage, their in- dcpence, the severe fortitude of their souls, their hearts filled witli just and strong loves, the power of their happiness. This is the conception we form of tlie people of this island from north to south. This is the character which all tongues havci spoken, which has been avouched from age to age,! the traditionary faith received by our childhood ;! aud now we look around, and tremble to discover! that the dream has passed away from the laud. The overflow of wealth has ran through it, un settling all ancient conditions ; breaking up the bonds of life, casting, even upon the husbandman amidst his fields, the restless, ungoverned, aspiring spirit of commerce ; dazzling and blinding the | imaginations of the people, and scattering among , them the vices of prosperity, if it has not brought " them its enjoyments. Shepherd : Diuna milk' mcj, despond o' the kintra, Mr. de Quinshy. IIo()(. often, when a's black in natur, out bursts the sun and the warld's filled wi' liclit? Oh, man, bu there's a majestic meaning in thae twa words — Great- Britain ! Think ye it 'ill ever have a De-, cline and Fa', like the lloman Empire P English!, Opium-eater: It seemetli, alike to my reason and iny imagination, immortal. Shepherd : And then think, sir, o' the march o' intelleck. That strengthens a state. English Opium-eater: It does. But not without tlie flow of feeling. Shep herd: Capital ! I was just gauii to liae said that, when .you took the words onto' my mouth. Eng lish Opium-eater : "We want not, Mr. Hogg, a quantity of/reasonable, contented, stead', sober, industrious inh abitants, mere Cliinoscs and nothing more ; but wc want men who, if invaded, will spring up as one man ; loving their ancestors, whe cannot feel their gratitude Shepherd : It would be unreasonable to expeck it English Opium-eater: and doing everything for theii posterity, who have done, and can do nothing fori them Shepherd : Gie them first time to get, .iuto existence, and then they'll Opium-', eater: men among whom crime is restrained,; not by a vigilant police, but by an an awful sense| of right and wrong ; who love their soil, nnd not; only sec it to be rich, but feel it to be sacred ; yea,i to whom poverty and its sennty hard wrung pit tances are the gift of God Shepherd : That's ' roosin ! You'r an eloquent English Opium- cntcr : who are sustained and animated in this life liy the operation on their minds of their con victions of another ; a people in whose vigorous spirit joy is strong under all external pressure and i who, stooping under the doors of their huts— clay built, perhaps, yet flower covered— hold up smiling I faces in the sunshine, and from their hold fore- heads fling back the blue beauty of their native | skies. — Nocles Ambrosiuiue A Niee Parocltiul Question. — In a north- coun-1 try question of pavochial liability under the poor law, a problem arises for solution. A man. and woman concerned in the matter were at tlie altar, and a clergyman was making them one flesh, when liaviug uttered these words "AVitli this ring- I thee wed," the demon of rhyme seized hold of the bridegroom, and prompted him to add the line " With this fist I'll break thy head I" His reve rence turned away in disgust, and the couple went their way and lived together as man and wife. But are they man and wife ? Parish officers are di vided on the point, and the lawyers hope to be called in. — Gateshead Observer. Burritt, the Learned Blacksmith.— A lettor written by Eiiliu iLirritt, tho loarncd blaoksmith, contains some interesting inoiden ts of his career. Mr. Burritt mentions that, being one of a largo family, and his parents . poor, ho apprenticed himself, whon vory young, to a bhoksraith, but that he had always had suoli a taste for readiiig that ho carried it with him . to his trade. Ho uommonood tho study of Latin when his indentures wore not half expired, and completed readme Yiigilin tho evenings of one winter1;1 He next studied Greek, and carried the Greek Grammar about in bis hat, studying it for a fow moments while boating some largo iron. In the evenings ho satdown to Homer's Iliad, and read twenty books of it during tho'seoo'nd 'winter.' 1 He next turned to tho modern tongues, and wont to 'New-Haven, where he reoitod to native toaohers in Frenoli, Spanish, German, and Italian ; and at the end of two years he returned to , bis forge, taking with hira suoh hooks as ho oould pro- ouro.1. Ho next 'commenced Hebrew, and soon mas- tbfod'it with ease, reading two ohaptors in tho Bible ; before breakfast ; thif, with an hour at noon, boing all the timo he oould spare from work. Being unabfo tj prnouro suoh books as ho desired, ho determined tq hire himself to, some ship bound to Europe, think ing ho oould thoro moot with books at the aiffaront : porta be touohid at. Ho travelled more than a hun- : dred miles1 on foot to 'Boston - with this viow, but was notable to flu 1 what he sought; and at that period i Ufi. h.WhtP tho. Ainonoan Antiquarian Sooioty at VV or cestor. Thither ho bout his steps, aud arrived intho oity m the most uttor indigence. Here ho' found a oollaotion of anoiont, modorn, and Oriontal booksj.suon as ho nover imagined to faeoollootod in - one plaoe. Hp was there kindly allow id to read.what : books re It ted, and has reaped great benefits from this pel mis ion. Ho used to spend throe hours daily ;in tbe hi. 11. and he made suoh use of these privileges ylbe , Bench.— I should not consider £ I ter slabs. They would not dressidown to tho required; .<' i . w- , ; " avingtori 'Ley deposed that 'he wns a carter i„ Byrne's employ, and had been in the habit of ig much timber split. . I have seen the slabs uestion. I. should , not call h , quarter of tliem sat all. 'They, could not be Used on account ; heir, shape. They are thinner on one sidp 1 the/other; ' "' ! ' " ' . y/c6mplhinantM4A great.' many would not s down at, all; I only have seen those on tlie I.- I do not think that half would dress down bred once to 'buy- them for posts, <but after' Is found them unfit for eyen that; h, he 'Bench.' said the evidehce was so coiitradic that they could conie . to, no decision on the ter, and therefore dismissed the ease. r. Wilson applied on behalf of Dr. Hutchison ;eon to the Castlemaine Hospital, for a wnr- ; to arrest, a. nicmhei'of his 'own profession Bourne, for sending, threatening letters with nt to extort money. As this case will come ire the public we 'give no fuller particulars at cut.- . ' : 