I MR. LOADER ON THE EUREKA. j Mr Loader addressed a meeting of electors on Tuesday evening, at the Free Trade Hotel, Eureka. About 150 persons being assembled on the occasion. Amongst those present -were Messrs Ham, Oliver, Nichols, M'DowaL Coleman, Aureus, Seekamp, Harrington, and others generally active in public business. Mr Scekamp was voted to the chair ; and the Chairman, after a few introductory observations, called upon Mr Loader to address the meet ing. On his rising, as on his entry, Mr Loader was greeted with enthusiastic cheering. He said he should have gone to town that day, but he could not think of doing so without visiting the Eureka. Daring thc course of bis address he was frequently interrupted by the applause of the meeting; particularly in those portions which referred to the need of a re vision of the constitution of the Local Court, of preventing land jobbery, and of the immediate construction of roads. On his resuming his seat he was saluted with three cheers, and one cheer more; with shouts ringing round the , room of "What will the Local Court say now? " &c.; In reply to a question about the Local Court Mr Loader said he would propose that its func tions be separated, and disputes setded by a jury of miners, on oath, who should swear they had no interest in the claims in dispute. Mr Harrington, who was much cheered, pro- j posed the following resolution " That Thomas Loader, Esq., is a fit and I proper person to represent the district of North j Grant in the Legislative Assembly." ! He said he would not follow any caudidate ' from meeting to meeting to thrust him down j other peoples throats, Trat would frankly give : expression to his own opinions. He could not ¡ understand the overweening anxiety of some people to secure Mr Humffray s return, for Mr I Humffray had not taken honest advantages of j the position he held as the representative of ¡ Ballarat when he first entered the house. Then j he might have obtained anything from the go- j vernment, but be had not done so. He (the speaker) had never spoken to Mr Loader till j that evening, but he judged him by his opin ions and acts to be a fit and proper person to ' represent this district. i Mr Tilt seconded the resolution, alluding to j the neighboring site of the Stockade, and the I events therewith connected. He remarked ¡ upon the importance of Ballarat, and said its representative would hold the proudest seat in the house. He then proceeded at considerable length to analyse and compare the opinions and policy submitted by the two candidates for the ' approval of the electors, expressing the belief | that Mr Loader was superior to Mr Huinffray in having proposed a broader, more comprehen sive, and more statesmanlike policy. Mr Humffray had changed his opinions respecting the Local Court ; and Mr Thompson, one of its members, had stated that the reason of the change was because the Local Court had con- j vinced him of the necessity of the change. He ¡ would give the members of that Court a little advice. He did not believe that when the miners of Ballarat elected nine members to sit in the Local Court, they were intended to act also as electioneering agents. Why had the Lo- ¡ cal Court, as a body, been put on Mr Humffray's ! committee ? Fancy the judges sitting as the " Supreme Court" on Mr Stawell's election committee ! He thought if the members of the Local Court really knew what they were about they would desist from following a course so anomalous, and so detrimental to the public interest, j He had been taunted for having, as some might say, walked over from Mr Humffray to Mr Loader. He called upon that meeting calmly and dispassionately to hear his reasons for so doing. He had lost confidence in Mr Humffray {loud cheers}, and he would tell them the reason why. It might be in the recollection of that meeting that Mr Humffray had brought under the attention of the House an expression used by Captain Vignoles when stipendary magistrate of Ballarat, with regard to a certain celebrated 1 horse-case. Subsequently on the mere letter of Mr Rainy coming down from Ballarat to Mel bourne, Mr Humffray had apologised for having made the accusation against Captain Vignoles, stating it to be incorrect. Now it was a re markable fact that on the day when this notable trial took place, Mr Rainy was not in court at all. Taking however a fair, broad, and manly view of the question, he was willing to admit that Mr Humffray had acted hastily, but what would they think of the fact that after it had been shown to Mr Humffray, since his return to Ballarat, that the truth of the statement as to the extraordinary words that Captain Vig noles used, could bc proved by several parties, he (Mr Humffray) for the mere sake of covering what in the first instance might have been a mere mistake of judgment, had declared in a letter published in tile Ballarat Times that he even now believed that the press in reporting that Capt. Vignoles had stated that to try a man for stealing a dead horse was "like mur dering a ghost" had reported untruly. A man who could make that declaration in the teeth of convincing testimony to the contrary, wfaicSi he knew could be produced was, a man in whom he (Mr Tüt) had no confidence. (Cheers) Fol lowing up Hie same Une of conduct, Mr Hum may had impugned the version which he (Mr Tüt) had given Of a portion of his speech delivered at the Star HotcL He maintained the corectness of the report as made, and arguing hom analogy called upon that meeting to believe that a man who could impugn the accuracy of the press on the well known facts of the "ghost case," could i be equally ready when it suited him to impugn the fairness of the reports of any other member I of the press. He therefore said for these reasons stated openly before his fellow mea that he (Mr Tilt) had no longer any confidence in Mr Humffray. It had been said that he should have taken no part in oppo sition to Mr Himiffray having once been favor ably disposed towards him, but he would asl them was he as an elector of North Grant to stand quietly beyond and see a man elected in whom he now avowed he had ceased to hav< any confidence (cheers). He had explained the cause of his deserting Mi- Humffray, and hi conM pursue in esintüar matter, to wHch^he had referred Sachalins of ophdnet (renewed cheers). Asfoihe ¡ehargje.^ against the press by Mr O'Connor ona previous evening, be repelled toe gross «nd unfounded accusation wini the honest mdignaiáoh Ur me rited flood cheers). It was a wefl Jbiowu fact that at the time when he was a sfHend to and supporter of Mr Humfiray that " the ¡Star was the puÜipandnncornr^miáng oprxraent of that gentleman. So much ihr his beunj under the influence <>f that jpnrnaL ^Mr Till^ after allud ing to toe liberal and truly constitutional views of Mr Loader on the Chinese question, sat down amidst much chrjering. Mr Wheeler hoped me meeting wonld give him credit for honesty, toough he should duîer from them. He was not pledged to either can didate, and thought Detter men than both of mern put together might be found on Ballarat, but he would prefer a .man they knew before a Melbourne merchant whom tony did not know. Why have a Melbourne man st all? They were only hindering their own "rising local .geniuses by tins system of centralisation. Mr Loader might be a very good man* for Mel bourne, but they wanted a Ballarat man. He mored as an anniiment "That Mr Thomas Loader is not thc fittest man to represent the electoral district of North Grant." Mr Gillespie seconded the amendment/re marking that he thought neither of fie condi dates suitable. Mr Oliver supported the amendment. He asked if we should oust a man we knew, and had done his duty (cries of "He has not"" "Place hunter, ¿c.") for one who was a Etranger ? The speaker entered into an expla I nation of his doings in the Main-road frontage business, stating that he had spent £75 out of his own pocket; and other subjects were en tered upon which we have not space to re port. The amendment was then put, and seven hands were held up in its favor ; the resolu tion being carried with tremendous cheer ing, and groans for Mr Humffray and .the ' Local Court Mr Loader, acknowledging Hi flattering reception, remarked that a man was not to be despised though unknown ; but he thought that after that meeting even toe editor of the Trumpeter would acknowledge that he knew him. He hoped the meeting would not forget he had enemies and that his friends would exert themselves in his behalf. Mr Coleman wished to clear up some matters in reference to th» Local Court. They had come forward as individual electors and not as a bodv. He had no vote for North Grant, and would not come forward conspicuously; nor did he wish to exert any power as a member of the Local Court. He was. surprised to hear three froans for the Local Court proposed-a court oing all it could do for the good of the miners, and the members of which could be called upon any day to resign. Mr Oliver, as toe honorary secretary of Mr Humffray's Committee, said the expression " as ¡ a body" in reference to the members of the court in that committee was due to the hurry with which the list was sent to press. Their opponents had, however, made a good handle of it. Mr Harrington believed Mr Coleman was an honorable man, bnt it had gone forth to the world that " the Local Court " were for Hum ffray, and that they had exerted some influence. If was impertinent to talk of being the represen tatives of 30,000 miners for the purpose of in fluencing the political opinions of others. Mr Cooper thought the members of thc Court should nto be run down in their absence. Thc miners had chosen them and should uphold their dignity. Why had not the press tried to separate the functions of the Court ? It had been said its constitution was contrary to the British constitution,* bnt the House of Lords was both a legislative and a judicial body; and as to tbe members of the Local Court express ing their opinions in politics, they had a right to do so. The chairman having announced that a com mittee would be formed lhere for the purpose of attending to Mr Loader's interests, the meeting broke up with cheers for Mr Loader, h e chairman, and the Star. 