CHINESE OR NO CHINESE, THAT IS THE QUESTION. To the Editor of the Argus. Sir,--After twelve months' simmering, the Chinese question again threatens to boil over, and this time-in culinary phraseology-it I looks as if the fat would be fairly in the fire, if one were to argue from the magnitude of the Mongolian irruption, and the fierce an- tagonistic clamor of our patriots and moralists. The prevention tax served as a temporary damper, but the flame seems not only to have gathered strength by repression, but to be absolutely "breaking out in fresh places," sug- gestive of a capital ironical picture for our friend Punch of King Bomba endeavoring to quench Vesuvius with a wet blanket, and the lava venting itself in new craters to the great affright ot his devoted subjects. Happily our brother colonists are alarmed without any just cause. Their own disordered imaginations, have merely conjured up a legion of ghosts, and they shiver and shake at the unreal phantoms of their own creation. I have no doubt, however, but that the monomania will speedily yield to the cooling influences of inquiry and investigation, and that light and reason will dethrone the in- sane prejudices which exist regarding the Chinese family. That these prejudices take root in honest conviction I am fully satisfied, but there is such a thing as mistaken conviction, which we all know is often blind, and always obsti- nate ; nor is it to be wondered at in this instance, fed and fomented as it is with all sorts of gross scandal and ingenious misrepre- sentation. It is proclaimed "that they (the Chinese) are cruel to ferocity, vicious below the depths of depravity, cheats by profession, treacherous by instinct, and ugly to a degree;" there is no custom too abominable, no impu- tation too fabulous to tax them with. But the strangest part of the matter is, that the existence of all those attributes and appurte- nances is taken for granted; there is no proof asked, no demonstration required, -it is a faithful reproduction of the sum- mary precedent of "giving a dog a bad name and immediately hanging him," reminding me of the olden system of trial for witchcraft, where the accused hag was tied neck and heels, and thrown into a river: if she happened to float, she was adjudged guilty, taken out, and burned for a witch-if she sank, she was pronounced innocent, but drowned. It is to be hoped however, that those ances- tral usages will not be resuscitated in the pre- sent day, particularly amongst a people who are ambitious of making a fresh start in the science of government, and of initiating new and patent systems of civilisation. We must not condemn the Celestials without a fair trial, least in doing them an injustice we may do ourselves an injury,-thus falling into the blind error of the English farmers, who, once upon a time, carried on an unthinking ex- terminating crusade against the unconscious rooks, until there was scarce material for a pie left on the entire island: but bitter expe- rience brought about sincere repentance, and the direct descendants of those sable martyrs are now the privileged pets and favorite com- panions of the ruthless ploughman. Let us then, I repeat, before placing the ban upon the suspected Chinese, have them properly arraigned, and deliberately tried, and should the anti-agitators make out their case, why in God's name let us keep them out, vi et armis, by taxes and railway yokes- if we can; but if, as I believe, the calendar of ac- cusations will fade before inquiry, and re- solve itself into moonshine, it would, in my humble opinion, be a crying injustice and wilful stupidity to oppose any let or hind- rance to their advent and settlement. "Nature," we are told, "abhors a vacuum;" and if I might be permitted to make a meta- phorical use of a scientific axiom, I would venture to prophecy that she will assert that law with regard to this country without awaiting the concoction of the pet projects our fastidious immigrationists- in fact, it looks like a special ordinance of Providence, that the pent-up hordes of that Pagan empire should find a wide field for their energies in the illimitable regions of our vacant territory, and a light in our Christian temples, whereby they may emerge from the dark abysses of ignorance and idolatry. It is objected "that if the Chineso are allowed free ingress, they will outnumber and enslave us." I scarce credited this objection as serious when I first saw it in print. I fancied it sounded hollow, as I read it over aloud. I scrutinised it closely, to as- sure myself that it was not " a wooden nut- meg" before I commenced grating it, but it proved a true bill. The writer gravely stated his conviction " that we would be outnum- bered and enslaved," &c.;, and proceeded to enounce many grave statistical prophecies therefrom. Outnumber and enslave! I thought over again. What manner of man can this soothsayer be, who seriously entertains such portentous apprehensions? He must surely be some bush-born sheep tickler, whose Anglo-Saxon blood is deeply diluted - whose nature has undergone a sympathetical transmutation by constant feeding on mut- ton-some Austialian Tytirus playing on his black pipe " Sub tegmine fagi," and imagining that he and his half-dozen shepherds consti- tute the community. If a craven fear of numbers existed in Bri- tish bosoms, the British dominions would still be confined to her sea-girt isles, and British patriots would never have revelled in that glorious figure of speech about " the never setting sun." If Clive and Warren Has- tings calculated according to Cocker, and were guided by arithmetical rules, I should be curious to know what would have been the fate of our great Indian empire, and I believe that it will be admitted that a stalwart sheik, bristling all over with deadly weapons, and brave and skilful in the use-of them, is fully as dangerous an opponent as a petticoated Chinese, whose most familiar drill is in the use of the chopsticks. Yet a comparative handful of men subdued those sheiks and the other warlike tribes of the Indian penin- sulas, conquered them on their own battle- grounds, dethroned their monarchs in their midst, alienated the lands of their fathers, carried off their treasure before their eyes, and made them swear fealty to a foreign po- tentate on their sacred altars, and before tho grim gods of their idolatry. A small minority still holds them in subjection, while the markets and produce of that country consti- tute one of the magical mainstays of British power and prosperity. Yet, in tho teeth of such results, we are called on to shiver and quake lest we should be outnumbered and enslaved by a peace- ful people, who have never evinced any bellicose propensities nor exhibited any ambition for territorial aggrandisement - a people who, while counting their po- pulation by hundreds of millions, suc- cumbed to a few thousand soldiers and sailors, on their own dunghill, and bought off their subjugation by concessions of free trade and consignments of Sycee silver. The poor fellows who venture to our shores certainly have little that I can see of the slave-driver in their aspects. There is no filibustering air about them, in my mind, to give rise to apprehensions of annexation and captivity. They come amongst us in a timid modest mien, with the consciousness stamped upon their countenances that they come on sufferance. They do not hang about street corners and labor depots in idle expec- tation, but trudge off, singlo file, to gold-fields. They work there quietly and unobtrusively, un- less when pounced upon by some hungry dig- ging-wolf, on the plea that they "are muddying the water, although drinking below him on the stream." They uncomplainingly permit themselves to be huddled into narrow folds, restricted from ordinary social intercourse, but compensated by a shred of civil liberty, which leaves them free to spend their earnings amongst store- keepers and tradesmen. They are content with a modest competence, and when they acquire it, they betray their wicked designs of supremacy by silently leaving the country. Bosh! bosh! bosh! It is just as likely that we shall be outnumbered and enslaved by Dr. Embling's proteges, the llamas, as that we shall be thrashed into thraldom by the pig- tails of the harmless Chinese. What, I beg leave to ask, is one of the stimu- lating causes of Chinese emigration? Why it is absolutely their fear and detestation of thraldom. We send missionaries and propa- gandists amongst them, who indoctrinate them with the spirit of freedom; and being too weak to achieve it at home, they seek to enjoy it abroad. Yet we who have been in- strumental in raising the standard of liberty amongst them, not only refuse to receive them, as recruits, but spurn them as inferior beings. The simile may not, in lawyers' slang, be ex- actly on all fours, but it bears some remote analogy to the sport of slipping ferrets into a warren, and knocking the poor rabbits on the head as they scamper from their holes. Yet the very purblind patriots who join in the cruel pastime, descant in terms of inflated eloquence about the teeming resources of Australia. We have, quoth they-"varieties of soil and climate to produce tea, coffee, sugar, cotton, cinnamon, indigo, and grapes." So say I too, but those articles will not "grow spontaneous " like the flowers and posies in the celebrated, "Groves of Blarney." They require a prodigious amount of culture and manipulation, and unless that manipulation can he obtained on terms which only co-exist with over-abounding labor, I think I would be justified in quoting with reference to our tea and sugar prospects the communication of an Irish priest to his poor flock on the approach of Lent,-"The Pope, in his care and benevolence has given you all leave to eat meat; but God Almighty help you, my dear brethren, where are you to get it?" There is this difference, however, in the par- rallel, that the Irish had neither the hopes nor the means of obtaining the meat; whereas the Victorians have only to throw open their gates to secure troops of Chinese laborers;-yes, I repeat, troops of laborers, for the culture of those plants, and the making of railways as well. It is a most mistaken idea to run away with, that Chinamen only leave home for the purpose of digging gold, and then only on the terms of returning. Long before gold was discovered, either in California or Australia, the Chinese commenced emigrating to the numerous islands in the Indian Archipelago and to tho British settlements in India ; some even finding their way to Sydney and Ade- laide. I was in California when they first began crowding there, but few in the early days of digging thought of going to tho gold- fields; they preferred settling in San Francisco and the other cities, where they worked as laborers and mechanics ; some of the wealthier embarking in trade and business. And I well remember that some amongst the best restau- rants in the younger days of San Francisco and Sacramento were kept by Chinese; however, a similar spirit of narrow jealousy was manifested towards them in that country then as there is here now, which checked, I may say arrested, that wide development of their genius and adapta- bility which I had afterwards an opportunity of witnessing with surprise and pleasure in the Sandwich Islands. There they were perfectly unrestricted, and accorded the same full privileges with all other foreigners, and the consequence was they quickly assumed a respectable position in the social, commercial, and agricultural grades. They kept shops and stores, hotels and restaurants, and attracted their fair share of Christian custom. There was no trade or handicraft unrepresented by their artisans, and there was no work turned out of hand in more tradesmanlike style. In gardening and agriculture they were equally zealous and successful, nor did they follow those pursuits in the fitful, desultory manner of a vagrant race, but with the steady industry of a thriv- ing settling people, mixing and intermarrying, surrounded by their wives and families, and showing that they wore neither inattentive nor unimproved by the surrounding influences of civilisation nor inaccessible to the irradia- tion of divine truth. It is now some years since I regretfully left those emerald gems of the Pacific, and I have not heard any tidings of their being overrun -of the Kanakas being enslaved, or of a Tartar monarch having usurped the coral throne of my late brandy-loving acquaintance King Kamehameha, and of those little "mole- hills" so comparatively contiguous, and so impotent to resist invasion, have not been "crowded out or chawed up" by the Celestial locusts, for tho life of me I am unable to discover any imminent danger impending over our leviathan "mountain" at the other end of the globe. There is much more to be said on this sub- ject, and more objections to be dealt with; but as I feel I have already trespassed at too great a length, I shall postpone the consideration to some other rainy day. I am. Sir. your obedient servant, WILLIAM KELLY, Melbourne, 1st July, 1806. 