CHINESE IMMIGRATION. TO THE EDITOB OP THE EEGISTEE. Sir— I take this opportunity of making a few remarks on; the Chinese immigration, which, according to the ' Ghost of Uncle Tom' (who, rterhaps, has imbibed a strong partiality for therace in the' Celestial regions), -.would be if great advantage to this colony, even in con siderable numbers. I am decidedly opposed, in various grounds, to that opinion, and trust :hc attention of the Legislative authorities will ite speedily directed to this question, which may become one of great difficulty, aiid perhaps of jreat evil. From a long residence in' California, [ have had constant opportunities of judging jf the effects of a large Chinese immigration into that' State, and I think the precedents of that country will also serve in many respects for this, in testing the advantages or disadvan tages of an extensive importation of Celestials. The Legislature of California at first actually initiated the immigration of Chinese, probably in blissful ignorance of their quantity and quality ; but it was soon found they came not 'singly, but in Battalions;' The people of tho State became clamorous for their exclusion ; but owing .to some difficulties between the California State Government and the Home Department, they could not impose such stringent measures, ana then many of the citizens of the State began to carry out their own Iaw3, and excluded the Celestials from many towns in the country. Last October, ho w ever, the Government of California commenced a system of 'taxing them out of the State on a slidirig-tJciUe pfinclplcj which will probably prevent any more arrivals, and hasten the de parture of many of the Celestials to their own salubrious country.' - The Chinese enjoy no civil rights in California (exceptingthc agreeable privilege of paying taxes), and cannot give. evidence in a court of justice. ? I do not defend the tyranny of tho Legis- ; lature ? bf Californiaj who first -invited - the; Chinese to enter their country arid then endea-i vourecl to drive . them from it ; but the signi ficant fact that for six years their presence has . been, barely tolerated by the majority of the population, :'and the general desire expressed by all nationalities in the State that they would be a goodly '.riddance, is almost a proof that there must- be something strikingly re pugnant to the European races in the presence of these people: The broad principle enun ciated is, that nature has certainly intended this race for a separate existence from ours. It is utterly impossible for the Anglo-Saxon race to amalgamate with it. It is certainly a glaring evil, as in California, when last year the Chinese formed one-aixth .of the whole population, to have so groat a proportion of an inferior race in connection with them; There arc many other points upon wliieli I could comment, but feel at present Constrained to leave tliem, but shall mention that the Chinese who emigrate in such numbers are supposed to be of the lowest class, and in the case of California there have actually - arrived 1,000 of their women for the express object of prostitution^ and/that of the lowest and most rcpttisive desdriptidh, arid thereby spread degradation and abominations through out the entire State of California. A large immigration of Chinese might perhaps benefit . a faw large capitalists, at the expense of the rest of the community, and eventually would approximate to having a multitude of labourers, at rioriiiridl bilges, little above the condition of slaves (which ' Uncle Tom's.G lost' so feelingly deplores). Independently of any question of whether or not we could make profit from tho employment of their labour, 'there is another and higher principle to bo considered in this matter, as has been forcibly stated by a recent writer, that ' a people cannot be exposed to contact with a race confessedly holding an inferior position, without permanent deterioration of its own character.' 1 am, Sir, &c;,, ANTI- CELESTIAL. May 5, 1S56. 