THE PROPERTY QUALIFICATION OTTEKTTON. To the Editor of the Argus. j Sirs-I am given to understand that some over eager people have been heard to express! disappointment because the Scrutiny Society has not already taken the fields, and marshalled it's forces in battle array. But, although fully recognising the principle "that it is better to be an hour too soon than a second too late," I cannot approve of the action of: ' keeping men under arms unnecessarily in advance of the conflict, nor would it be consonant with the rules of good generalship to ! adopt such extremes of precaution, or anxiety, SB might be referable either to ignorance or nervousness. Taking the field now would be tantamount to the determination of sitting up all night in order to be up early in the morning. But I can assure our sanguine friends that although the society has not yet made any overt hostile demonstration it has been, nevertheless, silently and energetically organising it's forces, and preparing the sinews of war. Pro Bono Publico will be it's battle cry, and enjoying, as it. 'does, general sympathy and support, there can exist no manner of , doubt but that it will gloriously achieve the objects which called it into existence. In point of fact, no substantial move can be possibly made before the 21st inst., as that is the day on which the " popular members lately elected to the Legislative Assem- bly," should they venture to take their seats, will have to disclose, under the guarantee of an oath, the sequestered parishes and counties in which their mysterious properties are situated, particularising the descriptions, so that they may be identified-valued if neces- sary and their titles duly scrutinised. Thirty days from the above data is allowed for objecting to the return on the score of non qualification, or any other ground whatsoever, after which the " Committee of Elections and Qualifications" will proceed to inquire into and determine upon all election petitions, and upon questions! which may be referred to it respecting the validity of any election or return of a member, or members to serve in Council or Assembly, as the case may be And as a charitable, though not very consolatory, warning to the " popular and quibbling members," I beg leave to quote in full the concluding portion of the 64th clause of the 19th Victoria, which, in de- fining the jurisdiction of the said committee, goes on to say, "That in the trial of any such questions, the committee shall be guided by the real justice of the case, without regard to legal forms and solemnities, and shall direct itself by the best evidence it can procure or that is laid before it, whether the same be such evidence as the law would require or admit in other cases or not and its shall be lawful for such committee to receive or reject as, it may deem fit, any evidence I see may be tendered to attend piece of eggs I Nation which, although,'Ibelieve.purely for tuitous, looks as if It was specially designed j -tomeet and thwart thedevioesof the' popular wizards of the cast," who seem ambitious of a -"-"!;" " " '" A legerdemain of u,ujiBtng ino jugglery as . on... their polar predecessors ; but dodge, DUCK, or dive, as they may, whenever, like the water rats they come to the surface for air, there is always an unexpected tap on the nose sure to await them from the above clause. r i - Tehan, however, to the starting point of this letter, I have to repeat that any Steps taken prior to the 21st instant would be a step in the dark, most probably in pursuit of the shadow of a ghost. At present the popular freeholds are, as lawyers say, in nubibus-the Isles of Sky, Queen-street, or any of those apocryphal or unexplored regions, only recognised in legal geography as completely beyond the reach of scrutiny or investigation-as Paddy's estate by the beach at high water ; so that any articles . tory proceeding, while it might be suggestive of ingenious expedients to our opponents, would have no safer support to lean on than the shaky reed of prophetic conjecture, and I apprehend that the science of clairvoyance could not be advisedly applied to the conduct; of parliamentary petitions, lest it should lead to results of a " frivolous and vexatious" description. . On and after Friday next, however, the tide will have receded, and either the naked strand or the pearls of qualification revealed to view. If the former, presto the popular wizards will have gone off in a hot wind. If the latter, we will have all the curiosity and excitement of examining those novel treasures of the deep, seeing that the pearls are not father-o'-peail, clever imitations, like Jonathan's manufactured nutmegs. Till then, I remain your obedient servant 4 at, SHILBLfGH. 