I THE HORRORS OF NAW*8, 1 1 ifrm th» J*««* fl**», OcK*w a,) I 1 Kotau)* in EngUnà, «" »uywhero ehe, ia aarjuriie« ï hear that there is great agitation in Sicily at ' 9 moment. The horrors perpetrated in Naples, while King commits himself to the guidance of the lov » scoundrels who can obtain his ear, cannot but rouse à spirit which has at all times distinguished the Sicili % as the finest people, in u political sense, in the soutl IEurope. It is not so well known among ns as lt ought to that even in Naples there are better materials for g government and popular welfare than the pres wretched state of affairs would easily allow us to s pose. Of coarse there must be something radio defective in a system which does n»t prevent a madr, .r a fool from tyrannising 'over his subjects as K Bomba is doing now. But supposing the monarch tc ? . anything of a rational being,' the Neapolitans might I happier than their neighbours. Their laws and munie: gt institutions are good, or good enough to provide, sa: jf and peaceably, for their own improvement. The press ! mischief of the hour is that the King over-rides and ' creatures intercept the law, and that . the_ police,' boc] by a savage horde of Lazzaroni, are burying alive all Eütutions which are inconvenient to their purpos Tbe problem is, to disinter these institutions, and . strip off the foul disguises which transform the law i injustice and oppression-to effect a restoration, in sui rather than a revolution with all its accompaniment! ' calamity and'outrage, , which King Bomba «oems,-dot mined to brlng«ombyt the infliction of, outrage ,« calamity oh his-own part.'. - :J ! > If the' eise"6t;Naplos,' basis, be less uh'favourable . than many people suppo that of Sioily'is better-still.' It is some reproach to that so- few1 are'*awaro of i this; for there ought to, bi stronger feeling of sympathy on our part towards t Sicilians than' towards any other nation in Europe. 0 original sympathy, founded on strong resemblance in t early conditions of political existence, should naturally be strengthened by the facts of our having once and j again done our datywell by tho Sicilian people, and or .' ' and again, at a lator'period, grossly-failed in our . du ;> A few sentences'will showr what»the! position of tl jf island-people has been, and ours ia regard to them ; a I the time is evidently at hand when it . will behove eve I 'man to understand what the Sicilians propose, and oug I . to obtain, in tho strugglo which King Bomba has pi I' voked, and will presently have to ruo. 'Every mari of I should know what our relations with Sicily have bec i and how Kassia succeeded, through our supineness, ¡j reducing a free and heroic people to their present stt I of slavery to the Neapolitan tyrant. Every citizen S .the countries which oro at war with Russia ought tb %? informed on tho subject of Russian aggression. Ho ft ever superficial his historical studies may otherwise ha %' been, he ought to learn, not only from maps, coloured » indicate the , extent of Russian absorption, what t S actual annexations to.the old Muscovy have boen, b I* further, what the influence of Russia has been in cou ^ tries which still go, by, their, old names and are credit Î^P with their old constitutions....... t% ~ People who are old enough to remember the year 18 ?;*'waynot have forgotten-that ¡publio sympathy with tl .. ^Sicilians was then very strongly and almost unanimous '.expressed.' We wore ready to onlargo then on tho lil; 1 ness betweerr thom and > ourselves in tho insular cone lotions of both/and in tho common origin of the represoi ?jVj tative mode of government of, the two nations. Bo derived their rèpresontativo system from,.tho, Norman *i and at the same time- in. thei elevonth century.;¡ Sici 1 t had her liberties; ns England had, and preserved and ir ,' proved thom at least as diligontly. Tho process was n ir. essentially hindered by her connexion with Spain. Tb § connexion, which lasted for sovoral centuries, was'i Be closer than that which united Napias, Milan, and Flai §| aers, with Spain. Ono King was common to tho foi jj£ countries, but each had, or might have, its own constiti 'ß tion. That the liberties of tho people of Sicily we: ;A real liberties, and valued accordingly, is clear from tl ?-, caro with which it was provided, by a clause in the troa '/.i of Utrecht,.that tho new King of Sicily should eher!« .j* them. The occasion was, the separation of Sicily fro: .» Spain, and her Sovereign was tho Duke of Savoy, wt s? was crownodat Palermo. Düring the ensuing war, whe m nominal ownerships were plentifully recorded only to 1 Sj effaced, tho Sicilians rou ni tod themselves to Naplo j¡¿ after an interval of four centuries and a half, with tl W full understanding that tho union was ono of crown $î' alone, in no way affecting tho institutions of tho state. ¡j. " Among tho nominal ownorships wo» that of Sicily b Austria for a short timo, whon, four years after th Y treaty of Utrecht, Austria exchanged Sardinia fo 'Sicily. Austria proposed a far worse mischief to Sicil '"' in 1808, . when, through the influence of his Austria wife, tho Fordinand of that day strovo to overthrow th '' ancient Sicilian, constitution. Wo understood ou ^ relations nnd-our duties better in thoso days than w did ton years later, ;and perhaps than wo do now, hal » century later.*:'Tba! patriotism of tho Sicilians, ber /.j! on preserving tho representation and tho privileges r tho Commons/ was sustained by xis, mid Ferdinand IV ?k'l (of Naples, or Ula of Sicily) was foiled. Again ho wa foiled in 1811, by -tho. energetic aid givon by Lor I,William Boutinclc, at.:-.Palermo; -in support of th ^Parliament. UndonEnglisOisanction.tho parliamentar 5, constitution was improved: on tho English model .^'proceeding which.so seldom answers in a foroigi .j' country that its working well in Sicily, and bein; '.^> acceptablothoro, indieatos n broad and ancient gronni <:0 of sympathy between tho two nations. Tho constitútioi was, in fact, thoroughly Sicilian, with guarantees dérivée ."I from our example. Thoso who remember that timi y would fain linger on it, nnd forgot what has happonoc '." since. Tho two island nations had tho same intorost ii the Mediterranean, similar historical associations in i " deop antiquity, similar'political principles and institu '." tions, and now a now bond of admiration on tho om v'hand, and gratitude on the other. In 1812, tho gooi .' . understanding of tho two island nations was completo "¿ and for threoyoars,.Lord William Bentinck interceptor ?i tho folly arid ' selfVwIU ! of tho Court of Naples, ant '* secured for Eri'gfjin4 .' töfl:',^^nm*nk' everv hearl except the f^KP^^jj^l^^^^ ^7 tno ^onrt % ? Nothing that,J]bas' jjo^jione^sinco can bo dwelt on by \- Englishmen withianytcoW^£Á0./' ** After, 'tho closo ol , the war in 1815,,tlip statc^iuon'qf; Europe did what they ?: pleased in, thadarkn033l(pC.'diplomatic secrecy. If we ". English di^.i^ot,know, ^neither, did tho Sicilians, that Xord Castlbr^gh.gráhfjp'd'th bf Naples by surren ó doring tlieengogemqnW^o^ôiïr Government to support i. v the Constitution açd.lib'e.rtiésof .Sicily. Ferdinand left "tX Sicily in 1810 without,/the, consent of Parliament, which "ii was an unconstitutional actV and ho then annulled the r! Sicilian Constitution, with,'tho, Connivanco of Lord Cas -Í tlerengh. In? thoir ignorance' of our complicity with ii. their tyrant, tho people of Sicily.nssertod their rights in . c 1820, appealing to us for the aid they took for grhhtod lr. wo should sond as wo had done hithortó. None reached Vii them. They conducted thoir strugglo , well, and'obtained <-. good terms, but we were not thero to watch over tlie j): fulfilment of the compact, and at the coll of tho liing -ii, and Queen an Austrian occupation of Naples':and Sicily ,tu took place in 1831. Thero must bo many among us'who liq remember the debates in our Parliament' on that occa . ,i Bion-the stern questionings of the minister by the best , mea in both Houses, and tho shufflings,'denials, arid ' , mystifications of Lord Castlereagh, and especially: tho solemn words of Sir James .Mackintosh-never forgotten ' ' in Sicily-that England "côuld not abandon her enguge ".monts to Sicily.-jvithout; perfidy'and dishonour." Lord ; Castlereagh ond't hís'^dbvicés succeeded in obtaining a majority on the question'ih Parliament; but it remains *vf;tobe seen whether tho acquiescence ho obtained was .ganeral and final. By that acquiescence, tbe Sicilians . '"were handed over td'Bourboh tyranny for the quarter of " !;.a century which has since'elapsed.1 To that acquiescence '"¿is due the whole series''of-abortivo insurrections which J'»"hovo kept the scaffolds deluged with blood. These in 'pnsurrections wore provoked by 'the -Neapolitan Govern talent; and if a Bentinck had been there, tho people would have done something bettor than revolt at jj^' intervals, and would have risen to some purpose, if at !"! In tho groat rising of all, in 1848, the SicUians were not following any example of tho day. Thoir revolution 1,1 was prior to all others, and independent of them. Wo none of us forget its success,-the provisional government set np by the victorious Sicilians, ¿nd their negotiations with tho terrified Neapolitan Court. It must never bo "^. forgotten that it was the King who applied to us that 'Vj'- time. The Sicilians were' willing to admit our media -tion; but it was the King who asked it. He retreated v< from the request when he found out the direction of our ^ sympathies; and it was the opinion of as many tl( Englishmen as attended to the caso that ho had justly H ' forfeited the throne of Sicily, according to thc decision of *. the Sicilian Parliament. ; Our ships acknowledged tho H Sicilian flog ; and it was a ship of ours which conveyed sf the messenger to the Duke of Genoa, with the offer of, Ç the Crown of Sicily. We had just shown what we could ff rdo on our account, in the sulphur business, when tho -¿ mere apparition of our ships brought Naples to reosou ; * 'yetwe made no effort'whatever to Bave Sicily from invasion by the tyrant. When Messina was laid in ruins by a bombardment of eight hours, the English Ï and French interfered 'and imposed an 'armistice, which ? 'was, even then, agreed ' to'=by -tho. Sicilians . only . J' on an . engagement'' "that--"1 their- independence < f ' should be fully preserved.- Here'Russia 'interposed., s The Russian Minister « ' at' -Naples, -.. untruly. Î3 declared that the Treaty' of . Vienna, to -. .which . Russia was a party, guaranteed the'union of-Naples and Sicily. Ferdinand rèpeated the tale after bim; and 1 * nabed? nmri the lie. Tho Rani** MUhrter farand Ute English and French negoAiatuni eoteeedingly amiable, and pleased tn think how it would gratify the Cw that the Neapolitan business, should ba settled without further dUturbanoe, A charter from the King was sub- stituted for the constitution of which the Sicilians had shown themselves worthy; and they have since been the victims of tho malignity of the fiercest and silliest tyrant who occupies an European throne. We know what Neapolitan dungeons are, thanks to Mr. Gladstone. While the best Sicilian patriots are there, and their cities in ruins, their fields laid waste, and their whole people treated like slaves, it needs no ghost from the grave Lord William Bentick's or any other-to teU us that something will happen soon, when once the people begin to stir. They are astir at this moment. It is every Englishman's business to study the outlines of their history, in connexion with his own, and to toke care at least that, though the evil ' of diplomatic secrecy still baffles the national mind and heart in matters sf international duty no Castlereagh 'shall again, in the name of England, betray Sicily.into the hands of a Neapolitan Bourbon, , nor. any Temple assist in the Russian sleight of hand by which a representative constitution centuries old sholl be conjured away, to be replaced * by a charter from King Bomba. Sicily must have/nothing less than a, complete restoration of her in- dependence, ; anti, pf,the. Constitution by which she pre- served .it jSo'Jppg.., '."Among all '. the ^struggles 'which aro and j will sqon. be,., taking placo among the'nations of Europe, there ig no ono- which ought to interest us like that-of Sicily, because there is ho other to which we have I been so-long and ,so closely.bound ,by. our own action, good and bad, , .' (1. "... , ',..'.' 