MURDER AT SOUTHAMPTON. ' 1 A shocking murder was committed on Sunday, Octo ber lltli, in Southampton, at No, 1 Lower Moini-place tho residence of tho Rev. Mr Poynder, n clergyman' who is not nt present performing any clerical duties! and who is temporarily away from home. Ilis house hold consists of his wife and children, two maid sor- ' vunts aud a man scrvnnt. Mrs Poynder was at church i on Sunday forenoon, and tho three servants were at home. It appears that the man .servant, named Edward Baker, about 29 years of age, formed nn attachment for | one of the maid servants, named Naomi ICingswcll, a I good-looking young woman, but this attachment wns not reciprocated bv her, and something connected with him had so displensed her very recently, that she gave - liim to understand she should have hatliing more to say to liim. This had so preyed upon his mind that ho appears to have resolved on taking her life, and on Sun day forenoon ho went into the kitchen nnd shot the poor girl through the bend with n pistol. She died im mediately. Tho sound of the pistol, mid the shrieks of the other female servant, nu elderly person, brought assistance, und the murderer was given into custody of tho police. lie made no resistance when taken into custody ; he looked stupified with the ? crime he had committed. Both the murderer und his unfortunate victim are natives of the Isle. of Wight. No one living in Southampton can rccollcct such ii crime having been ! committed there before.. . . . ? , , ! Southampton-, Monday Evening. This morning the prisoner \ytts brought up for exnmi- I nation* before tlio mayor and a full bench of ningis nites. The. principal witness was the cook, .Charlotte Lacy ' | who, on being sworn, gavo the following evidence i § am cook at No. 1 Moira place, where I have lived for I thirteen years. The prisoner is footman in tlio sumo [ establishment. When ho returned from ehurcli yostcr- t day, nt about a qnnrtor past twelve o'clock, the dc- j ceased opened the door to him. As he passed I asked r him if lie had been to church ? Ho replied, No. I | asked him if lie knew it wns sacrament Sunday? Ho f again said, No. He afterwards came into the kitchen f when I asked liim if he would lay the luncheon for me? | Ho answered me, Yes. He then went from the kitchen ' into the pantry, nnd prepared the luncheon trays. Ho returned into the kitchen, but did not speak. He again went into the pantry, -and a third time lie re-entered the kitchen. Naomi Kingswell (the deceased) and my self wero talking together nt one end of the screen f which stands before the fire. I hnd hold of tho screen. I Bulcer (tho prisoner) came up and rested -liis left elbow | on. tho other end of tho scrcen. He did not speak. His ' right hand was behind liim, under his coat. I was not ii looking directly at him at tho time. I. saw his hand 4 move from behind his back, and immediately heard tho report of the pistol. Tho pistol was pointed in tho direction of tho deceased. I was so near her that-I felt the beat of the flash. I then saw the deceased drop, and blood flowed from under her left ear. She said ' Oh.' I was about a yard from her. When the pri soner pointed the pistol at the deceased,' the weapon wns nbout a finger's length, from me. Not a single word §1 passed between the prisoner and tho deceased. Tho jfl pistol was fired by hiin two or three minutes after ho §1 had taken liis position nt the scrcen. I said to him, §1 Oh, Buker, Baker, what havo you done?' to which j§| lie 'made no reply. I then went to the front door, S leaving the prisoner in the kitchen. I called for assist- §1 nncc. A policeman came, who entered the house with M me. The policeman took tho prisoner into custody as he was going out of the front door. I took tho pri- m soner's hand, and again said to him, ' Oh, Baker, §1 Baker, what have you done He replied, ' I hay# ' tjj done it ; she deserved it you laiow.' Nothing further ffi passed between us. S In answer to questions from tho Bench; tho witness 1J further stated, tliut tho prisoner asked lier tho samo H morning wlint wns tho matter with the deceased. The -? 8 deceased had been in the service of Mr Poynder about ' four months, the prisoner about five month's. The prisoner declined asking the witness any question. ; The constable who took the prisoner into custody wns ' next called, who spoke to the finding the pistol behind ; □ box 'in tho pantry. Mr Robert Welsh, surgeon, wns next examined, who j deposed that lie saw the deceased about one o'clock. Sho was lying on tho floor, partly on her back and partly on one side. He felt lior pulse and placed liis ear to her f chest, but all pulsation had ceased. On examining tho f head he observed discoloration of tho skin from grains | of powder, on the face and neck. Above the! car on tho left side, a .large portion of tho brain 'was protruding from a wound. The head of tho dcccased lay in tho blood. On the right side of the head there was also au opening. A portion of tho skull was lying on the floor, also a portion of the brain. Sergeant llalps examined tho prisoner's box, and found therein five bullets, twenty-two percussion caps, and some powder ; also, a box containing caps and gun wads. i Mr Alfred Clayton, a gunmakcr, residing in tho town proved that the prisoner purchased the pistol, bullets, and caps at his shop on Saturday evening last. Other evidence having been given, the prisoner was Tully committed for trial on the charge of wilful murder. . Eccentricities op Authors and Comi-oseiis. « — Paesiello could only compose in bed, aud Cimarosa'a B muse never inspired liim unless in the midst of a denso B nnd mirthful crowd. The historian Mezcrai had con- Eg traded tho habit of writing by candlelight, and could Eg not dispense with it oven in tlio clearest day and hot- IS test month of tho year. Descartes thought and wrote S| stretched at lull length on his back ; while tho great || jurist Cujas wrote all his works'lying prostrate on his ffi stomach. Guido Iteni found it impossible to handlo ' j® his brush unless attired in magnificent apparel; and || Haydn himself declared ho found composition difficult, 1 unless ho wore on his finger the ring given him by 31 Frederick II. Mnthurin ? the poet always stuck a ' J| wnfer on his forehead, . between his eyebrows, ' while || writing; Nupolcon used to mutilaio tlio sides of his fx armchair with his penknifo ; nnd tho readers of m Glover's ballad' of ' Admiral Hosier's Ghost,' would never divine that it was composed while the uncon scious author destroyed with his cano a mugniliccnt bed of tulips, to tlio horror of its fair owner, Lady Temple. Printed anil Published by JOHN UOYETT, for the Proprietors JOHN BOYETT nnd CO,, nt the Aar. Newspaper and Geno rnl Printing Office, 07 JJlizubeth street, Melbourne, in flu CoVw of Victoria, I l ' 