MELBOURNE ANNUAL RACE MEETING. SiKtvAiins. -John Gray, Esq.; Compton Ferrars, Esq. ; Peter Snodgrass, Esq: ; Cap- tain Hall, U.M. 40th Regt. ; Dr. M'Crea. Judge-James Henderson, Esq. Hon. Secretauy-A. M. L. Hunter. Hon. Tkbasuher-W. M. Harper, Esq. _ Cleiuc of the Coub.se-John M'Candlish. Starte ii-Compton Ferrars, Esq. For a wind-up, Saturday's racing was moro than ordinarily gooel. The publicans-W8 ¿og pardon, the boothkcepers, subscribed £30 towaids the Publicans' Puise, and to this was added the entrance-money, of three poun.Is each. Tho stake brought six good horses to the scratch, and involved threo races of a mile and a half each, tho subscribers having decided upon having heats, and the winner of the first, Aran Tromp, being distanced in the second through an accident. The Dutch- man, who, it seems, is subject to a temper of his own, was coming in a certain winner, when a few yards outside the distance post he jumped the cords closing in the course", and, striking a post, fell, throwing his rider with much force. A fence was down on tim saving side of .the distance, and by some by- standers it was'stated that it was there the horse fell. Satisfactory proof to the contrary was however given to the Judge and acting Stewards, and Van was, to. the disap- pointment of mobs of backers, with- drawn,-Mr. Fallan, his owner, admit- ting to our reporter that tho horse was fairly distanced. The accident did not arise from any fault of Mitchell, his jockey, who, indeed, has throughout tho meeting liddon with a judgment superior to many older hands in his profession. Katty Darling, who had won the poney race tvitli tiie greatest ease, and ran tlie Dutchman hard in both ¿eats, won the second and last, the third being only contested tvitli hor by Peter Simple and Goldfindor. The running of tho latter was by no means up to his previous day's performance, and he had never a chance with the littlo mare, who had only six stone upon her back. The two milo race for the Auctioneers' | Purse was a poor affair,-Tomboy, carrying 9st 111b., beating Freeholder, Louis Napo- leon, Cardinal, and Modesty with au ease porííOtiy' puzzling, no other having, alniMfc from iaä «tart, the least chance with him. While on the su!i'ect oí this horse's perform- ances, wo must state olii' regret at learning that tho misunderstanding between lils owner and Dr. M'Crea is to be a matter for the gentlemen of the long robe. Tims closed the Annual Raco Mcti'iu8 for 1856\. AVith moro favorable weather ii wo doubt would have been attended better thai? any previous one. Tho racing has been gono lally good, and but for tho failure of Tomboy in the race for the Town Plato would have left nothing for grumbling. The arrangements for the oonvenienco of the public have been judicious and liberal, the stewards, judgo, and their functionaries appearing to do all in their power to afford information whenever it was sought. The Grand Stand accommodation for ladies might lmvo been better, and we would suggest that attention should be paid to this defect, so that it may be remedied at the next meeting. Mr. Bartholomew at the Grand Stand effected a vast improvement in the matter of catering over what wo had experienced previously, and Mr. Pond, at Nicholson's (Tatter Ball's) booth, maintained his reputation aî a flrst-rato purveyor by sotting before his visitors a choice and liberal spread. Wo did not remark half a dozon casos of drunkenness during the meeting, although the provalence of heat and dust has been most provocative of thirst. The following is a report of Saturday's events : TONY HACK. A sweepstakes of 5 sovorolgns each, tvitli 20 sovcroigtii added. Open to all ponlos 14 hands and undar. Catclitvolglits. Distance), onco round tho course. Mr. Powell*! b. ni. Katty Darling (Shuton).. .1 Mr; Abbott's b. g. Ltttlo Wonder .. .. .2 Mr. Wickens b. g. Kangaroo Hat.3 Betting :-3 to 1 on Katty Darling, taken. Littlo Wonder led off, Katty boing last. Round the turn, however, she bad changed her position for first, and was never caught, winning with ease by two or three lengths. TUB rUllLKUKS' rtiflSK. A sweepstakes of 3 sovereigns each, with 30 added ; for all horsos ; to bo handicapped by tho stowards, or whom thoy may appoint. Hoats. a milo and a half. Mr. Powell's'b. ni. Katty Darling, Ost., (Shutoii) -..2 1 Mr. Abbott's c, g. Qoldfindcr, Ost (Maloiiy) 0 3 Mr Harper s b g Potoi Simple, 8st 71bs (Waldaclt) 3 2 3 Mr Tallan i b g Van Tromp, Ost Olbs (Mitchell) 1 dis. Mr Brown * b g rho Ghost, 8st 71bs . (Mouohaii) 0 dr. ' Mi M I can s blk g Vanguard, 8st. 71bs (J Smith) 0 dr. Betting 3 to 2at;ainst Van Tromp, (taken), 2 tolarunst GoklQnder, (taken), 8 to 1 «gninst Katty Darling, (taken) 8 to I against Peter Simple 8 to 1 against Vanguard , 10 tu 1 agiiuiBt Hie Ghost At staiting the lead was taken bj Petei dimple, with Goldbndei second, and Katty ck se at hand At the tuin the little maia collared Peter, and soon passed him and le ached Goldfindei, foi whom the pace wai evidently too fast Katty m a fow studo» went on to the fi ont, and maintained the lead but suirendeied it to Peter Simple at Mi Grayb paddock Van Ttotnp who had dutmg the ince been lying fourth,now let out, collared and passed ni succession Goldflndor, Katty and Petei Simple and befoie reaching the straight course, liad incicised his lead Kntty lcsumcd second place, and was well ridden for the finish, but could do nothing ngamBt the supenoi stride of Van, who won easily bv thicc lengths-Katty boating Petei Simple loi second place by about the same dibtanco The Ghost and Vanguaid were withdrawn after the race, and did not Btart for the si cond heat I Second Heat - Goldiindor showed in front for n fowstudesat the start but the little i mare was leading at the turn and making Btiong tunning Van Tromp caught her at the paddock Tieaded hei, and was winning I when he bored to the left, jumped tho coids, and fell bicaking down a post which ho had stiuck Katty took up the lead, and ian m a winner by fully half a do/cu lengths Van I Tromp was dooland distanced, but his udor I was loudl v cheei ed on riding to scale. I Third Ileat -Katty had this heat all her i own way She led norn the commencement, could novei be reached, and won easily by sevci al lengths This nice was not timed AUCTI0Í.FER8 PURSE A sweepstakes of 7 sov oroigns each, with about 80 sovo roignsadded Tor alllioiscs, to boUandicapnod Two miles J'l Jno On s br g Tomboj, 0 st 11 lbs, (II0I11103) 1 Mr Mon ¡s a b g Louis Napoleon, 8 st 4 lbs 2 Mi Tallan si g Tieoholdor, Ost (Waldeck) <t Mr J K05 s g ni Modestj, 8 st 4 Mr H Dotting s br ir Cardinal 8 st 10 lbs 5 Betting - 8 to 1 on Tomboy, (taken) Modesty led off, but was caught and beaded by Louis Napoleon at the turn Bis majesty, howevei, only enjoyed bis su piemacy a second 01 two being thon com polled to sunonder to Tomboy, who took up the lead at a pace which completely shut out all chance for his competitois The remainder of the rato was for second place only, between _ leoholdcr and Louis Napoleon, but the foi mci was not equal to his previous running, and was beaten easily by the bay Tomboy won m a cantei by three lengths There was to havo been a Hack Race, but it was dceided to include it In the piogramme of miscellaneous spoits to come off this day (Monday) In oui report of the race for the Gan non Cup, run on Friday, we, by mistake, Bubstituted Abbott foi Hayes as the ridor of? Goldflnder. 