LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. FRIDAY, May 30. The Speaker took the chair at 1 o'clock. ELECTORAL EXPENSES. Mr. BLYTH said there was no provision for the electoral expenses of 1856, or the rolls now being gone on with. There appeared to be a likelihood of considerable expense being incurred, and he wished to ask the colonial Secretary how it was that no provision had been made for such expenditure in the Esti- mates. The COLONIAL SECRETARY replied that no provision had been made because it was impossible to obtain even a rough estimate of the probable expenditure. The necessary amount could only be placed on the Estimates when some idea of the amount required could be obtained. PORT CORPORATION. Mr. SCOTT, alluding to an application made to His Excellency the Governor-in- Chief by the Port Corporation, in respect of power to levy and collect rates for the con- struction and repair of streets at the Port, asked the Colonial Secretary whether he knew if it was likely the necessary powers would be granted soon or not. The COLONIAL SECRETARY was not aware that the subject had been laid before His Excellency. It must hate been some time when he (the Colonial Secretary) had been absent from Council. Mr. SCOTT said he believed an application had been made on the subject, and that no reply had been received. He would give notice of the question for Tuesday next, by which time the Colonial Secretary would be enabled to inform himself as to the point. CITY AND PORT RAILWAY. The COLONIAL SECRETARY laid on the table a return asked for by a resolution passed by the Council on the 21st May, having reference to the necessary works for the com- pletion of the City and Port Railway. The return was ordered to he printed. LAND GRANTS. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL laid upon the table "An Act to Declare the Legal Opera- tion of Land Grants made to Deceased Persons." The learned Advocate explained that it was introduced to remedy certain difficulties which had been experienced as to the ownership of land, and which had caused great incon- venience. The Bill was read a first time, and the second reading made an Order of the Day for Thursday next. THE WILL OF MICHAEL FEATHER- STONE. Mr. HUGHES moved— "For leave to introduce A Bill to define and extend the powers of the trustecs of the will of Michael Feather- stone, in accordance with tho prayer of the petition of Thomas Neill." He said the Standing Orders had been com- plied ;*&&* and the Bill had been printed. Ite «&ject; was to enable the executors to carry wA Safe .provisions of the will in a manner they t*&eved; the testator had intended they should ; find not having 'the necessary powers under 'the will, _the executors had had recourso to tho present plan. fc. S&OTT; 'Bbconded the motion, and tho 5BiIl was'jjien rearl a first time. . ? nfh ifCTGll&S; then moved the appointment of a Select Committee to enquire into the allegatioBs «ontained in tho preamble of the BilL i Mr- SCOTT seconded; and the following iiOR. 'members were elected : — The Advocate CtenWal, Messrs. Bagot, Angas, Hughes, and ISesIes. 54f. HUGHES then obtained leave for tho Committee to bring up their report on Wed nesday mext. 'CORPORATION OF PORT ADELAIDE. Mr. SCOTT asked that the following peti- tion, which had been presented to the Council, might be read previously to his introducing his motion : — " ' To the Honourable the Legislative Council of the Province of South Australia. 'The humble Petition of the Major, Aldermen, and Councillors of the Town of Port Adelaide: " ' Showeth— "That it has been stated in your Honourable House that it is the'intcntion of the Government to remove tho existing sheds on the Government Wharf, and to call for tenders for building warehouses on the same site. ' That the present position of the sheds is extremely inconvenient, being a hindrance to traffic, and entirely destroying the uniformity of that portion of the Port on which they are situated, which, now that the North- parade has, at a great expense, been nearly completed, would, if the Government sheds were removed, leave a continuous open space facing the creek from the northern and of Maclaren Wharf to the Prince's Store and Wharf. 'That the continued existence of the present sheds, for the building of warehouses on the same site by Government, is not required by public convenience, ample storage accommodation having been already provided by individual enterprise and capital. '"That it is contrary to sound policy, and unfair to a commercial community, for a Government to compete with private enterprise, either as wharfingers or bonded warehousmen. "That Lefevre's Peninsula has become extensively populated, and that the necessities of business require frequent communication between that place and the Port "That there exists at present no suitable mode of con- veyance between the Port and Lefevre's Peninsula for persons, horses, cattle, stock, or merchandise; and that in consequence business transactions are greatly impeded, and much expense, loss, and inconvenience sustained by the inhabitants of both places. " That to remedy these evils the narrow creek at the northern end of the Government Wharf, now an exposed and offensive sewer, might cheaply and advantageously be converted into an incline for a ferry to the Peninsula, to be worked by a chain and wheel by and under the control of the Corporation of the Port, the expense to be defrayed by moderate tolls ; and that such ferry so worked would not hinder or impede the navigation of the river. "That the unoccupied part of the government reserve at the corner of Commercial-road and St. Vincent street would be of great benefit for public purposes if granted to the Corporation. " That it would be very convenient to the inhabitants of the Port and to numerous persons frequenting it if a line of road were opened through the Government re- serve into the Commercial-road in continuation of Nile- street, parallel with the North-parade. " Your petitioners therefore humbly pray that the sheds on Government wharf may be removed, and the site thereof thrown open to the public; that the Corpo- ration of the Port may be empowered to convert tho narrow creek at the northern end of the Government reserve into an incline for a ferry to Lefevre's Peninsula; to make and control such ferry, and to fix and receive moderate tolls for the same ; that the unoccupied part of the Government reserve at the corner of Commercial- road and St. Vincent-street may be granted to the Corporation for public purposes ; and that a line of road may be opened through the Government reserve in the Commercial-road in continuation of Nile-street; or that your Honourable House would grant your petitioners such other relief in the premises as to your Honourable House shall seem meet. "Such your petitioners will ever pray, &c.; " EWD. FRENCH, Mayor." Mr. REYNOLDS asked whether the ques- tion had not been before the House on a pre vious occasion, when there was no seconder to the motion. The SPEAKER said there was no objection to the hon. member for the Port bringing the motion forward again. He thought, however, It involved a question of finance, and that, therefore, the House should be moved into Committee. Mr. SCOTT said the petitioners did not ask for any money from Government for the things mentioned in their memorial. He proceeded to say that at the time the Port was opened there was no warehouse thero excepting that belonging to the South Australian Company, and it was thought that Company might monopolize the whole of the storage, and be enabled to charge just what prices they pleased. The Government put up sheds for the storage of goods until they could be sent to town, to prevent the anticipated monopoly of the Com- pany; and subsequently those sheds were weather-boarded and rendered more secure. But now the sheds had become very consider- ably dilapidated, so that it was not safe to put dry goods in them, and it would cost a very large amount to make them fit to store such goods. Besides that, these sheds were very liable to take fire, and in such a case from being so close to the wharf would be dangerous to the shipping. On one occasion, indeed, the roof of the shed was fired in several places, while there were cases of spirits in the place, and there was very great difficulty experienced in extinguishing the flames. At the present time there was no necessity to take precaution! against the monopoly the Government at one time anticipated ; there was storage more than sufficient for all the goods that were likely to be stored, and that without the accommodation of the sheds alluded to. If a line of rails were to be laid down to the wharf for the con- venience of the railway trucks loading for the City and Port line, the sheds would be com pletely in the way. The road there now was altogether too narrow for the traffic, and could not therefore well spare the room out of it for a line of rails; and if the Government were to take the sheds down (as it had been rumoured they would) to erect new storehouses on the site, they must necessarily leave a wider margin between the building and the wharf. It had therefore been suggested that the sheds should be entirely removed. The petitioners also requested that the House would address His Excellency praying that authority might be given for the eonstructton of a ferry over the creek at the northern end of the Government Wharf, to connect the Port with the Peninsula. The Corporation proposed to place a punt at that place, with chains stretching across the creek, to be worked by two open. The point selected was the only place suitable for the purpose, being sufficiently near to the Port, with out at all interfering with the shipping. The construc tion of a bridge in a line with St. Vincent-street had for a long time been contemplated, but there was no probability of that design being carried out for somo years to come. But the proposed ferry would not be of any expense to the public, the Corporation proposing to construct it from the funds at their disposal, and it could be immediately commenced. The petitioners also point out in their memorial the advantages which would result from the opening of a line of road through the Government reserve in continuation of Nile-street, parallel with the North-parade. An individual who pos- sessed property in that locality had promised to assist in the undertaking; but the proposal to open a commu- nication with the Peninsula by means of a ferry was that to which the petitioners attached the greatest im- portance. He hoped the Council would see the reason ableness of the request contained in the petition, and accept the motion he had made. Mr. RANKINE seconded the motion. Mr. HUGHES could not vote for the motion in its present form, but would do so if it were modified, so as not to require the Government to give up the site of the present sheds. It was desirable that the Corporation of Port Adelaide should have sufficient land for markets and other public conveniences; but this might probably be most conveniently selected at the corner of the Com- mercial road. As to the proposed ferry, he did not believe it would be carried out; but the Corporation would find, on calling for estimates and making their calculations of the probable returns, that it would not be a profitable undertaking. The motion was then lost, on a division, by a majority of 11. AYES—Messrs. Scott and Peacock. NOES—The Colonial Secretary, the Advocate General, the Surveyor-General, Messrs. Hughes Blyth, Kingston, Angas, Reynolds, Baker, Forster, Bankine.MacDennotr, and Bagot. POLICE FORCE. Mr. FORSTER moved 'That the report of the Select Committee on the Police Force be adopted, and transmitted to His Excel- lency the Governor-in-Chief for His Excellency's infor mation.' The report was read as follows :— " Your Committee appointed a Chairman on the 30th of April, and commenced the examination of the Com- missioner of Police on the 2nd of May. The evidence of that gentleman, taken up to this time by your Com mittee, they now beg to. JAy upon the iabU of your Honourable House, together with the minutes of their proceedings, 'Your Committee would beg to call the attention of Four Honourable House to the following statements nado by the Hon. the Colonial Treasurer in his speech -n the consideration of the Government Memorandum mi Friday last t—' I regret I cannot comply with that ?equest (meaning the request of the hon. member for Monnt Barker for the appointment of a Select. Com nittee). I would prefer that the matter, shftuld be in vestigated by a Committee of the House. I have seen -o nuch tuppmiio* of ibidenco, and people on Solect Com nittecs having their minds so mossed, a* to be tearceln mpablt of appreciittitj tnik; and I would therefore -rerer moving for a Committee or the whole House to nvestigate this question before tho public, and in tho lght of davt instead of adopting the hon member's sug gestion. Again : — ' I will not even go into the cxamina ion of the Commissioner of Police. The evidence has gone before the country, and every one possessing a candid mind will see that the oppression oflk&fir; War. )urton't evidence exhibits a desire to reirres) aiid mother '.he voice of truth.' ' Your Committee find that timy cannot further prose :utc their labours consistently with the duty which they jwc to your Honourable. House and to tho country until the charges and imputatiens made by the Government against SeleettJommittees appointed by your Honourable House, tnd against your Committee on the Police Force particularly, are unconditionally withdrawn. A. FORSTER, Chairman. rhe hon. member then said he had beciiu^on Select Committees ever since he had the noiVour of being a member of that House, and he nad always felt it to be Ins duty to attend to the business of such Committees He could honestly and unhesitatingly say that he had never shrunk &om; ttloseduties, in orderto avoid trouble or responsibility, lie had no wish to shrink from any about it might involve. All ho wished for Was that tho members of tho Select Cemmiltces ap pointed by that House might fco placed in such a position as to be enabled ro discharge their func- tions honestly, indeneritly, and without fear or favour There could be fid doubt as to the value of Select Com mittees, or that If the Legislature were to be deprived of their labours, it would very seriously diminish the use fulness of responsible government. Their cxistenee was indispensable to the establishment of that degree of truth and usefulness which it was the proper function of the Legislature to maintain. As an illustration of the necessity of Select Committees of Enquiry the motion of the hon. member for the Port which had just been disposed of, might be cited. That motion involved so many subjects of importance, that the House could not undertake the responsibility of affirming It; but had the hon. member moved for tho appointment of a Select Committee he had no doubt but it would have been carried. The labours of Select Committees could not be dispensed with, and ought not to be depreciated. But it was not right that those who were appointed On Select Committees should use the powers wh!6h had been delegated to them for improper, personal, or sinister purposes. Nor was there any danger to bo apprehended of such being tho case. If it should occur at any time, the matter might fairly be left to the integrity, honesty, and justice of that House to deal with it as it saw fit. Ho therefore regretted that on the occasions which had recently transpired, with which the House was familiar, the Governor had not left the House to its own decisions. He regretted that the Governor should have anticipated the action of the House with regard to the reports of the Estimates Committee. Though he thought there was but little to find fault with In those reports, or with Hie proceedings of the Committee, yet the House was at full liberty to take exceptions to. any part thereof. He therefore be lieved & great dell of the discussion which had taken place upon that subject might have been avoided if the Government had left any matter in which they felt themselves aggrieved to the good judgment of tho House. With regard to the allusion made in the report to the statement of tho hon. the Colonial Treasurer, he would) remark that he did not wish to charge the Government with sanctioning every statement 'made by individual members of the Executive; though he might remark that their statement? wero generally taken as expressive of the views of the Government; and he thought he had a right to assume, and that the House had a right also to assume, that when any officer of the Executive expressed opinions in that House which were consistcut with the acknowledged views of the Government, they were to be regarded as official. But the statement made by the hon. the Colonial Treasurer had been repudiated by both the Advocate-General and the Colonial Secretary, and he would not have troubled the House with any further remarks on the subject had it not been that he thought His Eicellency was responsible for the statement which had been made, and which he The ADVOCATE-GENERAL rose to order— He would ask the hon. the Speaker if the hon. member In intro- ducing the Government by name into that discussion was acting in accordance with the rules of the House. Tho SPEAKER—It had better be desisted from. Mr. FORSTER continued— He had only referred to his Excellency as the head of the Executive, and he did so for the purpose of giving him an opportunity, which he was sure he would des'ire, of repudiating the state ment to which he had referred. He regretted that the hon. tne uoioniai .treasurer was not in his place to hear any remarks he might have to make in reference to that hon. member. The notice of motion had been before the House several days, and the hon. member must havo been aware that the discussion was coming; on. But there had been no explanation given of his absence. He had no doubt the hon. member was prevented by busi ness of importance from attending; but he had alluded to his absence to explain that he had ho wish to make statements respecting him except in his presence. It was, however, desirable that the motion should be dis- posed of, and he would therefore proceed by explaining the reasons which induced him to believe His Excellency was to some extent responsible for the statement of the hon member. In the Memorandum of His Excellency the following passage occurred in the enclosure from the Colonial Treasurer. The hon. member then read as follows :— " Upon the third question put in your circular I beg to observe that the Committee stale, in their se^ cond report, that they had ' reviewed tho evidence of some of the principal officers of Government, upon whose reports it was stated that Ihe Estimates were based.' This is incorrect, as the Treasurer has never to this hour been called upon to give evidence upon the topic dis cussed in that report; whilst the officers of the Audit Department were not examined till long after the report was made; and evidence given by one of these officers was, I am credibly informed, expunged by tho Committee from their proceedings, on tho express p'lea that it was opposed to the report in question." Mr. FORSTER continucd-AVhat was the explanation which the Colonial Treasurer had given with regard to the relations subsisting between himself and His Excel- lency in connection with this matter ? He had said in his speech delivered May 16th—" The next fault was a very serious one— it was a remark made by the Colonial Treasurer. (Hear, hear.) It was necessary that he should there say a few words in justification of the Go vernor. An hon. member expressed his surprise the previous day that the head of the Government should put before that House documents which contained the charge which he was then alluding to. He (Mr. Hart) expressed his surprise that the Governor should do so upon slight grounds. (Hear, hear.) He had the news paper report before him. and would read the hon. gentle man's language, which he fully concurred in. He (Mr. Hart) 'wished tho Government upon the present occa sion had derived experience from the lesson they had received with regard to those documents. But they had thrown down a gauntlet to the House, which the House, with a due regard to its dignity, could not submit to. One paragraph, signed by Mr. Torrens as Colonial Trea surer, accused the Committee of having expunged the evidence of one of the witnesses for a purpose. (Hear, hear, from the Colonial Treasurer.) That accusation, if it were true, should at once put every member of the House iu the position of that Committee. (Hear, hear.) But not only that, he should say it would be a disgrace to the House if any Committee would be guilty of such an act. He would be sorry to be a member of the House if a Committee of seven of its members would be guilty of such an act. (Hear, hear.) The hon. Treasurer said "Hear, hear,' but he would say, what would be the wis- dom of the Government in putting forward such an accusation without giving the Committee the oppor tunity of declaring whether it was true or false, and without putting forward one tittle of evidence in support of the accusation ? He was credibly informed, and sin cerely believed, that the accusation was utterly untrue/ That was a very creditable sentiment, and he found no fault with it; but, in justification of the Governor, he would say that before he enclosed that paragraph he called his (the Colonial Treasurer's) attention to it, and enquired whether he had sufficient grounds for that statement. He answered that he had grounds for saying so, and took upon himself the responsibility. Therefore tho whole responsibility fell upon him, he took the whole responsibility of the charge, and stated that he was in possession of sufficient evidence to convince any man that the charge was well founded." What he (Mr. Forster) was desirous of showing was this —that His Excellency, as head of the Executive, had adopted the charge made by the Colonial Treasurer against the Select Committee; and as that charge had not been retracted by the Colonial Treasurer, he imiuHnPfi His Excellency, after the explanations which had been made in that House, would willingly avail himself of the opportunity of repudiating it. He would trouble the House with another, extract from the report of what occurred in the Council on the same day :— "Mr. BAKER having ascertained from the Speaker that he would be allowed to address the House again in the event of the amendment being lost, proceeded to remark that he would at that time confine himself to a reply to the observations of the hon. the Colonial Trea surer respecting what transpired before the Committee on Mr. Thrupp's examination. In doing so he would be as brief as possible. The hon. member then read as follows : — ' ' Answer to question 4353, directed by the Chairman of the Select Committee on the Estimates to be struck out.—I think, in asking that question, you are labonring under the mistake which I see has so frequently oc curred regarding unexpended votes as liabilities. Unex pended votes are merely unfulfilled intentions to expend. The mistake will be more strikingly illustrated when I refer to the second report of this Committee, which would lead people to suppose that we were £8,000 in difficulties, whereas had South Australia filed a schedule in an In solvent Court, and consequently drawn up a statement of assets and liabilities on January 1st, 18S6, she would havo had upwards of £150,000 over and above her com mercial debts." ''Mr. Younghusband observed— "That answer de- pends entirely on a matter of opinion, I take it, as to whether the intention of the Conncil in carrying out works ? ' ' ' By the Chairman—' Then if the Colonial Secretary should have agreed in the declaration that £8,000 was a debit balance on the resources of the colony, and that the resources of the colony to that amount had been ex- ceeded, be must have been in a state of ignorance on the subject of finance ?— No ; I think not. I think the Com- mittee are again labouring under that mistake. They are confusing the commercial position of the colony and its real debts and its real balances in hand as compared with intended expenditure. The wording of the report would lead any person out of doors to come to the con- clusion which I have stated ; whereas, doubtless tho Colonial Secretary, when drawing that up, had entirely in his view— You are putting mo in a very awkward position here." " ' The Chairman here stated that he had no desire to put Mr. Thrupp in an awkward position, but that if he volunteered observations upon the correctness of their report — of the correctness of which they were satisfied — ho conld not allow them to pass unquestioned. If, how ever, Mr. Thrupp wished, and tho Council did not object, he would instruct the Bhort-hand reporter to strike tho answer out. Mr. Thrupp aceeded, and gave a fresh answer to question 4353, which was inserted in the evi- dence. That evidence was forwarded to Mr. Thrupp in tho usual way, and published as corrected by him.' ' After the hon. member for Mount Barker had resumed his scat, tho hon. tho Colonial Secretary rosb and said, 'he felt it to be due to the hon. member fo-- Mount Barker to make one etatenrent as to what occurred before tho Select CpmraltUfe. Ho had listened very at tentively Id what the hon. member had said, and could state that, to the best of his recollection, it was precisely the substance of what passed.' After reading that statement it would be impossible for His Excellency or any member of that Hoiue to say that the charge brought by the hon. Treasurer against the Select Com mittee could be substantiated. And yet it \fo3 not a question of mere words; the whole of the proseedings of the hon. the Colonial Treasurer showed that ho believed the charge to be true, and that ho intended His Excel lency to vi«w the matter in the same light as himself. Now his (Mr. Forstcr's) principal object in bringing for« ward tho motion was to give the Governor an opiortu nity of avowing his belief thnt tho charge was unfounded ; and he doubted not that His Excellency would be very glad to havo the chanee ef stating that he believed the hon. the Colonial Treasurer had no autho rity to support the charge Jie Had made. His Excellency, as heid of tfie Eiecutive, having repudiated th'e chareeS, they might leave the hon. the Colonial Treasurer to stand before the country and before that House to vindicate the course he had taken. If he ctmid not do that thero remained only one course left Open to him as a gentleman and as a man of honour, and that was to retract the charge he had made, and which he could not substantiate. This he had no doubt the hon. member would do. because as a gentleman he wonld feel himself bound in houou? to do So, Mr. BAKER seconded the motion, find expressed a hopo that the hottv mombcr for West Adelaide would make an addition to it so as to include the resolution of the Council upon the 16th instant They had been in formed by the Colonial. Secretary before the Governor's Memorandum was laid on the table, that the Governor had officially no knowledge of the reports of the Select Committee on the Estimates. He therefore was justified in assuming that His Excellency was at the present time officially ignorant of the fact of the Colonial Treasurer having made any explanation, or of the decision of the House. With regard to the statements of tllG members of the Executive, they were in tills position. The Colo nial Secretary sometime!) came forward and made certain declarations In the name of the Executive*, and at other times they were informed teat whatever was said by members of the Executive should only be regarded as their individual opinions. How then were they to know when they were speaking in their capacity as members of the Executive, and when only as individuals? They had no possible means of knowing which member of the Executive occupied the position of the Government organ; though it was generally reported that the hon. the Colonial Treasurer had more the ear of the Governor than any other member of the Executive. He could only look upon the repudiation of the Colonial Secretary ami the Advocate-General of the statement of the Colonial Treasurer as an expression of opinion of the minority of the Executive. But he did not desire to see the question carried any farther than was necessary to maintain the dignity of the House. He would, however, state that the hon. the Colonial Trea- surer not only brought forward his ohartfe in the House, but that he did this after he (Mr. Baker) had on the pre- vious evening waited on the hon; member, and related to him word for word of what took place before tho Com mittee, and warned htm that if he persisted in his deter mination to pfcSs the charge, he would be placing him self in a Very false position. Notwithstanding this, the hon. member deliberately persisted in pursuing the course he'had taken. It was true that the hon. the Colo nial Secretary and the Advocate- General had both repu diated the charge which had been mado, but this went for nothing, inasmuch as the charge had been entered upon the records of the House. If the Government had no respect for the dignity of the Council, it wai their duty to sec that some disavowal of the charge should bo placed on the records. The lion, the Colonial . Treasurer had stated in his report to tht! Governor, published with the Memorandum, that n6 had not been examined by the Select Committee) but this arose from the circumstance that the Committee 'supposed he had very little informa tion to give them, the Colonial Secretary having pre viously informed them that the Estimates were prepared, from the returns of the Collector of Customs and other heads of departments connected with the revonuc. He would not enter at any length into the subject before the Council, because he was aware that in the charge mado by the hon. the Colonial Treasurer tie was tho accused party, and, therefore, could scarcely trust himself to speak to any extent, lest his feelings should prompt him to say something which he might afterwards regret. He hoped the hon. the Colonial Se cretary and the other members of the Government would not opposcthe motion, for whilst they must feel that the accusation could not bo sustained, they also know that unless it should bo contradicted it would remain on the records as an everlasting disgrace to the Committee. He had been informed that the hon. the Colonial Trea surer had stated that he (Mr. Baker) refrained on a pre vious occasion from making any lengthened observations on the charge laid against the Committee, from a know ledge of guilt upon his own mind, and a fear of the con sequences. He wonld reply by saying that he refrained from saying more than was necessary, because he felt deeply upon the subject at the time ; and ho would add, with regard to the resolution which, was then passed, that he would havo preferred the original motion, be cause ho thought Us language would have been better calculated to allay any angry feelings which might have previously existed on the sub.j'e'd. Mr. KINGSTON Supported the motion, and stated that he would 'confirm what had been said by the hon. member for Mount Barker respecting his having related to the hon. the Colonial Treasurer what had transpired before the Select Committee, previous to the charge having been made in the House Mr. BLYTH said it was not till late on the previous day that tho notice of the motion then Before the House came under liis notice-. On referring to the proceedings of the Council he observed that a Select Committee was appointed to enquire into tho management of the Police Force, and to report thereon. On reading the evidence which had been taken and the report, he found that the latter was in reality no report at all. It appeared to him that the Committee prac tically said, ' We won't do what the House has told us to do.' Tho Committee had not reported, but declared their determination to abandon their labours. Ho was not prepared to justify the statement of the hon. the Colonial Treasdref with regard to tho Estimates Com mittee. On the contrary, ho contended that it wonld admit of no justification, but rather the reverse; but ho conld not understand why anything that hon. member ludltaid should induce hon. members to neglect the im portant duties they were chosen to perform. It had been said that the Police Committee was a picked one, consisting of members who were favour able to Mr. Tolmer. If so. they certainly had not shown Mr. Tolmer any favour. The Committee certainly consisted of some of the most active arid intel ligent members of the Couneil;.15ut they had riot proved themselves the friends of Mr. Tolmer, but, on the con trary had removed the. only chance he had of regaining his position as a Government officer. He much regretted to hear hon. members in that House declare their deter mination not to sit again on Select Committees, becaus2 ? Mr. BAKER — If the hon. member refers to me I pay state that I said I would not sit on a Select Committee acain till the hon. the Colonial Treasurer had retracted his charge. Mr. BLYTH did not refer to the lion, member in particular. Mr. REYNOLDS-Did. the honk moraberfefer to him ? Mr. BLYTH had heard several members declare their determinalioii Hot to sit on Select Committees. This he regretted, as also that the enquiry into the Police Department had not been continued. He, as a party anxious to know whether the chargCB of mismanage* ment in the Police Department were correct or not, knew no more from rending the feport than he did before. It appeared to him that public men occupying positions such as those in which hon. members stood ought not to be too thin-skinned. Thus he had seen a statement in one of the papers charging the Council of lying for the last six months ; but would they feel justified in abandoning their duties on that account. He saw an article in a paper called tho South Australian Register the other day. [Hero the hon. gentleman read a passage from a leading article in this paper; and con tinued]— He thought that right. When He or any hon. member moved for a Select Committee upon on impor tant enquiry, ho thought the choice should not be limited, lie thought the selection should, in justice to the enquiry, be made from tho whole House. (Hear, hear.) If the selection was to be from a limited number of members, neither tho mover nor the matter would be in a fair position. He certainly could not vote for the adoption of the report, although he by no means wished to justify what had been said by the hon. tho Colonial Treasurer. Indecd.it appeared to him that it did not admit of justification. (Hear, hear.) Ho would move as an amendment-* 'That the matter be referred back to the Select Com mittee to complete the enquiry, and to report on it to that House.' Mr. MACDERMOTT thought the Houso could not adopt the motion of the hon. member for West Adelaide. The gentlemen appointed, on the Committee had dis tinctly said that they would not carry out the instructions of the Hcuse unless certain allegations made by a member of that Ilouse were unconditionally retracted. ('No,rio.') Hcwouldnotgosofarastosaythatthehon gentleman had not grounds for what he said. He had before him the published letters of Mr. Thrupp and from the reporter, sta»ing that evidence had been erased. No doubt the Committee had ottered an explanation which hod been accepted by the House as a reasonable expla nation, but at tho same time there appeared to b&prima; facie grounds for the statement ('No.no.1') Thatatleast was his opinion) aud in the absence of the hon. Treasurer he felt it incumbent on himjto state it there. He gave every credit to the Committee for their labours and for their zeal in carrying out the onerous duties imposed upon them. Those (duties involved a great deal that must have bean unpleasant to the members of the Com mittee, and there were many things in their reports in which he concurred. He thought the House, however, should take some blame to itself for having f elected to enquire into the affairs of the Police Force gentlemen who, tho very day they were appointed, had expressed strong opinions upon the subject. (Hear, hear.) He was sorry for that, because he had a great respect for several of the gentlemen, and he believed they would report most conscientiously; but they should not have been placed in that position. He must say that charges against Select Committees had not been confined to that House or its members. It was said of tho Houso of Commons that members holding certain opinions were invariably selected to act on Committees. He had read the evi dence taken by tho Committee on police affair?, and ho saw no iust crounds for going on with tho enquiry. The Committee had made their report, and when the proper time arrived ho would move that it be received and laid on the table. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL did not rise to second the amendment of the hon. member for Yatala, because he agreed in much that had been said by the hon. gen tleman who had last addressed the House. Ho thought there was no reason shown for going on with the en quiry. The facts elicited did not show that any public advantage was likely to result from a prosecution of the enquiry which the Committee had been appointed to institute. The Committee had, to their own satisfaction, discharged their functions. ('No.no.') Then the Com mittco had not discharged their functions, and the mera bersTcomposing it stood there in the presence of the Houso and confessed that, having been entrusted with the performance of a pnblie duty, they shrunk from the dis charge of that duty. ('No, no.') Ho had seen an illustration lately— for he, like the hon. member for Yatala, had to confess that he sometimes looked at tho public papers— (a laugh)— he had there seen a reference to the old joko of the drummer and his unsatisfactory flogging, and it seemed to him that the Committee were in that position. They would not admit that they had performed their functions— as he confessed he thought they had— and they would not admit that they had shrunk from the performance of their duties; but thero could be no other conclusion than the one— if they had not performed their duties they shrunk from the performance of them. (' No, no.') Ho must say that it did not reflect credit upon individuals if they, in fear of charges that might be made against them, shrunk from what he believed, with the hon. member for Yatala, to bo a most important duty. He would not allow himself to be deterred from the performance of his duties by any imputation that could be put upon him. If the principle for which the Committee conteuded was admitted, it would lead to the result that persons must be understood to perform their duties only on the con dition that no one found fault with them. (A langh.) They stood there self-confessed of a want of moral courage, when they should have been 'prepared to brave obloquy, defy censure, and disregard calumny. When required to do justice, it was no answer to say that imputations were cast upon the way in which they per formed their duties. The hon. member for Yatala had ?poken of the advantages resulting from the labours of Select Committees. Ho had said that the business of the Houso could scarcely be adequately performed unless by tho aid of Select Committees. He agreed in that. He agreed in everything that had been advanced upon that point by the hon. member for Yatala. But the more that hou. gentleman magnified tho importance of the duties of Select Committees the more he reflected disgrace upon tile gentlemen wnd.ahhink from the performance of those duties. He would not show that those duties were great without at the same time showing that ths. persons who shrunk from the^r performance were not fit to be -entrusted with.any.im portant public duties ^yhicb required eoutagc as ffell &s; zeal. . ..The hdri. memBer passed a censure upon the whole Council which belonged but to a few. The labours of Committees might be depreciated; all hon. members might, in tho House or out of tho House, depreciate them, but if they In reality did their duty, liad taken important evldelicej and made vahiablb, reportft their usefulness wpuld nnt be impaired;, t«d tHe Usefulness of the House wbula riot bo impaired, unless they refused, as the Committee did, to perform their duties because their motives might be impugned. What would be thought of a member of tho Governmr.nt who said he wouldj no longer perform his duties because. In the House or out of the House, his motives might be im» pugned? In tho House or out of the House he would disregard all euch imputation. Iho duties lie had to perform' he Wfluld perform so long as lie had physical strength, and no imputations would operate to drive him one hair's breadth; frpnt tile path which He b'clibTcd to be tile riropet 6rie;'ind that) lie wd'uld Venture to say, would have been a fair and manly course on the part of the Committee. Were they convinced that their pro ceedings, if enquired into, would disprove the imputa tions, why did they not proceed with the performance of their duties? If one individual member made a charge against them, why should that render it impos sible for them to perform their duties, Why should they bo bo— he did not know Whether the Word cowardly was parliatrientarys but if not he would Bay timid— why should they be so timid when their o\vn upright intentions should support them against imputations which they considered both falsoand unfounded? He did riot therefore agree with the hon; member In sayinji that to depreciate the motives of Selcdt Committees would impair the usefulness of the House. It had been Baid that any statement of a member of the Government must be taken to express the views of the Government if it agreed with the declarations of the Government in the Memorandum. But the hon. gentleman should have quoted or extracted from the document emanating from the Government, and not from the expressions of any hon, gCiltleman In that House. Was there any thing; he would ask, in the Me morandum to which the hon. member could refer as being in 4ccoidanea,with the statements o'f IHo Colonial Treasurer. .The lion, gentleman did not do anything of the sort, lie did not refer to one word in the Memoran dum. It would be impossible to do bo. The members of the Government, he would take that opportunity of saying— because the hon. member for Mount Barker said he understood it was in part dissented from— the mem bers of the Government had been unanimous in adopting the Memorandum. (Hear, hear.) Ho had not shrunk from its responsibility. He admitted that^ it was quite possible that a Word here and there in it might be modi fied, if attention had been called to thfi meaning which persons disposed to find fault might attach to them. But as to the Memorandum as a whole, ho was prepared to endorse its sentiments and to support its policy. He believed also that the country would support that policy when it came to express an opinion so far as it could ex press an opinion upon it. Having said that, he would remark that it did not necessarily follow that ho must adopt one of the sentiments in tM htterP which were enclosed in the arlrleildii to this Memorandum. ('Oh, oh.') As vrell might the Committee be said, inlaying evidence upon that table, against which they had pro bably reported, that they had adopted that evidpnee. That would be as fair as the assertion that individual members of the Government were responsible for every or any statement in letters laid before the Council to give it an opportunity to know the materials upon which the Government had formed their opinions. So conscious were hou. members of tho weakness of their famous reso lution, that they were continually objecting to the Me morandum; but their arguments only applied to the letters which accompanied it for their information. He did not expect tbe Memorandum to be brought forward that day, but he ought to Kate expected it. Some mem bers of the Committee, and .other members of tho House— tlib hdn. mSmUcf for West Adelaide, for instance — were like Human. He would not pre dict for them the sarao fate. They were cantinually maintaining that the country would yet recogniso tho value of their labours. Tho hon. member for the Port told them that their names would smell sweetly when those of others would stink in the nostrils of posterity; and one portion of the press told them that a sense of their services weuld be embalmcdinthe gratefulmemoryof the nation. (A laugh.) But one thing appeared to bo more than a countervailing forccagainstcverythingwhich they repeated as existing in their mind or that of the public. What availed all that while the words of the Memo randum remained? (A laugh.) It was a consciousness on their part that when there came a calm discussion of the question between themselves and the Govern ment the judgment of tho cquntry would not be that which they affected to believe. If they had that confidence in the future which they professed, they would not take every opportunity to impede the business of the Council, by dragging the Memorandum before it. The real offence was not, as the hon. member for West Adelaide said, an anticipation of the action of that House upon a report of its Committee, Tho offence was that they made an appeal in a form which was an appeal to the community. They brought it out in a form which gave every individual tho power to come to an opinion upon tho subject. That was the unpardonable offence. (' No, no.') And that was one which hd would be always willing to repeat; He was as anxious as itny hort. member that the functions of that House should be unrestricted, and its digmity maintained unimpaired. He would not, however, con:cnt that the House should stand be tween the Government and the people. He could not consent that everything should pass through the alembic of that House before it was submitted to the psople. That was, he repeated, the real offence. f'No,no.') Of course he did not expect that horn member's would ad mit thjU Ho was net surprised at their no, noes, because they had taken every opportunity, not of saying, but of Bhowing, how exceedingly sore and uncomfortable they felt while the Memorandum remained upon the records of the Ilouse. He was glad the hon. member for West Adelaide declined to agree to the amendment of the hon. member for Mount Barker. That would have been unfair to have been moved as a rider, for the original motion suggested nothing' of the sort. There could be no objection to its beiiig discussed after duo notice, but it would not fee prorJcr to do so then in the absence' oFno many members who were not aware of its intended introduction. Indeed, had the hon. gentleman persisted in it, ho would have appealed to his sense of justice to withdraw it, and was glad not to be under that necessity. It was not a little strange, however, that the hon. member f«r West Adelaide opposed for the very reasons that the hon. member for Mount Barker supported it. That hon. gentleman regretted that a motion had been canicd because the language was calculated to call forth ill feeling on the part of the Govcrrimcnfc. Then it was strange tnac ne enouiu irisn in irnngmit a uocument which was likely to call forth such feelings on the part of the Government. He had not seen anything which reflected greater discredit on the language used than the argument of the hon. gentleman, who believed, not the substance, but the language was calculated to call forth ill-will. Mr. BAKER had merely drawn a comparison between a resolution which he had himself drawn up and an other. He feared that the one passed would be more objectionable, if cither wore objectionable, than the one rejected. He did not think it fair of tho hon. Advo cate to make such a use of what He said. ?fheADYOCATE-GENBRAL was sorry that he had not mafic a fair uie o'f what the lion, member said. He found himself on that, as on other occasions, dealing with what appeared a fair and straightforward state ment ? Mr. BAKER had said that he feared the language might cause ill- feeling. The ADVOCAT&GENERALmust; say that the Ian guagc of tho hon. member for Mount Barker, which he had not understood him to withdraw, although he to some extent qualified it, was that a resolution of that House was likely to cause ill-feeling in the Government. That in his mind was the strongest condemnation of the course adopted by the Council. Even if the Memoran dum bad been offensive, if its language was such as had been Implied, the Couuoil having an example before them of language likely to cause offence, arid having hod more than a week to consider the cdurse to be addpted. tliey slionld riot themselves be guilty of the fault they Imputed to the Government, and have used language which, it was confessed, nas likely to cause ill-feeling. [It being 3 o'clock the Standing Orders wece, on the motion of Mr. Forster, suspended, and the hon. Advocate continued]— He was glad that a slight interruption had arisen, for it gave him an oppor tunity of perceiving that it was unnecessary to advert to many topics which he had noted down for reference. He would only remark upon what had been stated by the hon. member for West Adelaide to be the object of the motion. It wa§, he understood, that the Gover nor should call to account ft member of that House for language used within tho walls of tho Ilouse. Mr. I'ORSTER explained that such was not what he had stated was the intention of the motion. It was that His Excellency, 03 head of the Executive, might have an opportunity, as probably he might dc,sire it) of stating that the imputations of tile Colonial Treasurer, as en closed in the Memorandum, could not be substantiated. The ADVOCATE-GENE EAL— If that was tho hon. gentleman's object, the means he had taken to effect it were singularly inappropriate. He wished the Governor personally to disavow souwthing— — Mr. FORSTER— No; but as head of the Executive. (Hear, hear.) The ADVOCATE-GENERAL-Wcll, as head of the Executive to disavow something contained In a letter annexed to the Memorandum ; and, in order to do so, seeks to transmit a document) wliicll says— [Here the hon. Advocate read the opening of the report and the two extracts, and continued]— Nothing could be more irregular than that. It was asking the Governor, as head of the Executive, to disavow a statement for which, as head of the Executive, be could not be mado respon sible, and with which he had nothing to do —a statement as to which that Conncil had not any con stitutional grounds for calling upon him to express an opinion. It. was in reality asking the Governor to call a member of that House to account for something which he had stated in debate in that House. He (tho Advo cate) stood there as a free member of that House. He did not stand there as a delegate, and ho did not admit the right of any one to call him to account for anything he might say in that House. (Hear, hear.) He of course admitted the right of the Governor to call iu question the course of policy pursued by any member of the Go vernment, but that he should have power to call in question the right of language was to assert a principle which he (the Advocate) could never assent to. He would move as an amendment upon that of the hon. member for Yatala — 'That the Houso regret tile Select Committee on tho Police Force should have allowed itself to bo deterred from .tne pertormance of the duty entrusted to it by any fear of charges or imputations which had been or which might be made against it.' Mr. REYNOLDS had intended to give a silent voteou that occasion, and would have done so were it not for tho eloquent harangue and extreme statements of the hon Advocate-General. He felt called upon to answer that hon. gentleman, who stated that tho members of the Select Committee had been deficient in moral courage andwhj? because they repelled a charge. When charges were made against the Government, as, in fact, happened in his own case a few days a;o, inadvertently, what did the hon. gentleman do ? Why, ho immediately jumped up and made a most eloquent protest against the impu tation. According to the hon. gentleman on the present occasion tho members of the Select Committee were to havo their motives impugned by anybody and by every body— that they should submit to imputations the most unfounded even from a member of the Executive and quietly pursue their course without vindicating their own conduct or asserting the dignity or tho House. He could stand a good deal of abuse from some quarters but when a member of the Executive, and one supposed to have more power than any other indulged in it, he_ felt H.wa3 time to resent it. When the moat influential member of the Executive made injurious statements, it was not unreasonable to suppose that they were made by authority of the Executive, and they should be established or retracted. (Ilear, hear.) There was another point to which no reference had been made in that discussion, and yet it was of considerable importance as affecting the charge against the Commit tee of shrinking from the performance of their duty. When the report was brought up it was not intended to be a final report. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman of the* Select Committee presented it as a progress report; hn« what was tho course pursued by the members ef th Government? They would not allow it to be received as a progress report. There was then no disposition on the part of the Committee to shrink from the full performance of their duties, but the proceeding wa3 forced on them which was so unfairly advanced fsa proof of tho want of moral courage. The Committee were willing to perform the duty entrusted to them, but they regretted that the statements of tho hon. Colonial Treasurer made it necessary for them to defend them selves. They were quite willing to continue their sittings until the duty assigned to them had been fulfilled ; but it appeared that there were certain members of that Houso, the hon. gentleman on his left (Mr. MacDermott) among the number, who thought tho members of the Select Committee were not impartial. If Bnoh wns the opinion of hon. members that alone would be to him a sufficient reason for refusing to sit on the Committee, (Hear, hear.) He would riot sit on aujr Cdmniittee sub4 iect to suoh an imputation as that of partiality— Mr. MACPERMQTT begged to say. that the .hon member did not represent him correctly. He made no stleh imputation is that alleged. ? ? Mr. KEYNOLL'S— Ttb ffofd3 of th» hon. gentleman Were — 'That the House might take somo blame to itself for having selected, to enquire into the Polico Force, members who had expressed strong opinions on tlie sub ject.' (IJoar, hear.). The word partiality was certainly rnot $sed ) bitt riip^t certi»nl?,i*. w»a (raplkd If tho words ' of thau tioh. gentleman nad any meaning. (' JTo, no.': j If that was not tho mcaniup/ of the words, what was their meaning? (Hear, hear.) It appeared also that the hon. member for Yatala thought the Committee had shrunk from the performance of their duty. That hon. gentleman knew well that the members who were on that Committee had done their duty from the com mencement df tlio session'. ('.'Hear', heir/' from Mr. Ulyth.) If it had not been for the impu tations referred to they would, probably be. engaged in thaf cntiuiry stjl), .and it really . did not become tho hori. member for Tawla td sot or to ins'nudte that they liad ShtUnk from the performance of their duty. (Hear, hear.) He was not thin-skinned, but he made a great distinction between abuse out of doors and impu tations made in that House— between the attacks of a Ijing newspaper and charges advanced by a member of the Executive. (Hear, hear.) He might submit to tho railing- of a lying newspaper, but not to the accusations of a member of the Government— the one he could afford to disregard, the other he had a right to have substan tiated or1 wltlidr'att'ni (Hear) hear.) When the officer making those imputations was allowed to cvado the de mand to prove or' retract them it was h'igti time for tho Select Committee to1 rcSign1. i Hear, Hear.) Tho COLONIAL SECRETARY roso to make a few observations, when ? Mr. BAKER hoped ho would bo kind enough to say whether he recollected opposing the reception of tho report of the Committee on Police Management as a progress report. The COLONIAL SECRBTARY did not know what object the hon. gentleman had In asking the question; but he did oppose the reception of the progress report for reasons which ho gave at the Mine, and th« word progress, Having bc6il strddk dut, it tiedarrje a final re pdrt. He should ndt Uafc addr'ested iriorothan a few words td thd House; hdd it riot beeii for trie remarks of the hon. member for West Adelaide; to which hi felt it was his duty to reply. He would at once state that he in tended to second the amendment of the hon. the Advocate General, and would, after making some observations, re turn to that subject. The hon. member for West Adelaide said he considered that Select Committees of that Home could not do their duty unless they had fair play from the members of the ^Government— those were, he be lieved, the hon. gentleman's words— so that they could carry on their duties without fear or favour. He must join Issue with tho hoii. gentleman. He could not un derstand what other than fair play they had received. He could not understand why he could not get up in that House and express his opinion as to the proceedings of §elect Committees. Every hon. member had a right to condemn the acts of Committees when they were opposed to the views of such Committees, The hon. gentlemar) asserted tnSt the Committee did ndt receive fair p'layi' (he Government mixed themselves up in any way with the remarks of the hon. Colonial Treasurer. He thought thehon. gentleman took upon himself to mix them up with those statements. His language implied that the Government Memorandum en dorsed tho statements of the hon. Treasurer. Ho would say that the hon. Treasurer, in using those ex pressions tho other day with reference to the suppres sion of evidence, was perfectly justifiable. It was a fact admitted by the Chairman of the Committee that evi dence was suppressed from a motive which was not agood or a proper one. If his hon. friend the Colonial Trea surer held that opinion he had a right to express it. It did not follow, however, that the Government endorsed It because they sent up a document in which that ex pression was used. The Memorandum showed clearly and expressly that they did not pledge themselves to everything in tlie letters anueiedj any more tkan the Committees pledged themselves to the evidence which they had taken. The letters were sent to tlist House as evidence. Thewords of the Memorandum wouldsho'w ho* far the Government adopted the statements iu the letters: — 'Independent of the difference in clearness and compre hensiveness frequently' observable in the evidence of highly competent officers, when on the one hand orally given in reply to anticipated queries; and on the other, when expressed in writing as the result of careful reflec tion—independent also of the difference effected in its value by its being diffused, iu the one case, over an ex tended field of enquiry, and in the other concentrated on special issues, such as ore raised by each recommenda tion of the Committee, every one of which may be regarded ag putting in issue the propriety of its adoption or rejection by the Gd'vernmc'nt; , Apart from all such considerations', it is ail undoubted fact that tbe Govern ment has referred to, has used, nnd in several instances has been influenced by the documents in question, in the discharge .of a most important duty at a most im portant moment. The Government, therefore, feel that in submitting the result of their labours to the Legislature, they would not be dealing frankly were they to withhold from the Council the oppor tunity of judging as to tho value of those documents, and the use mado of them by Government.' That expressed Very fully:the object of transmitting tho letters with tho Memorandum. It was, in fact, to give the House an opportunity to judge of the value of tho conclusion to which tKe Government had derrid. They used them in the same manner as the Committee had used oral testimony to justify their reports. The Govern ment had not adopted in any way the language of the hon. Treasurer, either in hjs letter, or as used in that House. At the same time he must say that the Colonial Trea surer held the opinion that evidence had been suppressed by the Committee for, fhe purpose stated byhim.namelv; that it wis dtvjiianc&witli; their report; He dared say tbe hdn. Treasurer held that opinion still, and would probably bold it until the day of his death, and no ono in the House or out of the House could make him retract it unless he pleased. It would be ridiculous to suppose, tha*-. when a member of the Government used an expres sion that the Government adopted it. If that was tho case they would havo to write their arguments and agree to them. It was sufficient if each member of the 'Go- vernment-would support its policy for such reasons as occurred to huwel'i .!f he hon. Treasurer might do so for rcasdds' Beyond .his (the Cdldnlal Secretary's) com prehension. No doubt they Wero satisfactory to himself or ho would not use them. In the same way he used arguments which were to his own mind conclusive, and in fact each* argued according to his own perceptions and mentpl powers. Every individual selected his own way of supporting the common policy, and it would be impossible to coerce members of tho Government into using the self-same arguments. Let the House but look to the conduct of hon. members on the Parliament Bill, especially with regard to the constitution of the Upper House. Ono supported it because its operatidn would bo Bqnserranve;anoinervoieaiorirDccausoo! its democratic tendency. The tofy portion of the House admired its conservative features; the radicals were charmed with its liberal character; and erciy one viewed it from his own point of sight. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member for West Adelaide had endeavoured to draw from him an admission that he was in a minority in the Executive ;-s to the adoption of the Memorandum. Mr. FORSTER had certainly not done so. The COLONIAL SECRETARY— He begged pardon, but some hou. member had used some Buch argument. He would say that he read over the Memorandum very carefully, and somo parts of it he had himself prepared, and he came to tho conclusion that he cou'.d, as he did, most cordially s'dpport the whole of it. He did not think there was a word in it which he would wish to alterj and he would continue, to. support it. The hdn. member for West Torrens said, referring to remarks of the hon. Mr. MacDc'rmqttj he would not rest under the imputation of partiality ; but that only showed the absurdity of tho resolution before the House, for if the members of the Committee were not to do their duty because an inde pendent member of the House stated something which the hon. gentleman supposed to be an imputation of partiality, that showed the absurdity of the Com mittee — Mr. REYNOLDS roso to a point of order. It was not in consequence of anything the hon. member (Mr. MacDermott) said that the Police Committco brought up theif report, although Bach would appear from the argument of the hon. the Colonial Secretary. The COLONIAL SECRETARY was illustrating his afgUment by referring trJ d case which occurred a few moments before. He would oppose tho motion then before the Honse, viz., that the report be adopted— for reasons which were patent on the face of the report itself. He could not vote for the transmission of a report to His Excelcncy containing such words as those in the last paragraph of the report. There was a childish pctulancy iu those remarks that he could not sanction by his vote. Hon. members should do their duty without reference to the charges mado against them. (' Oh, oh.') Hon. mem bers might Bay,7' Oh, oh I' They publicly differed from him in opinion, and they might do so ) but he would hold hfs own opinion. He begged leave1 to Second the amend Mr. BAGOT objected to the altcmp't made In tho Memorandum, and by the speech of the Colonial Secre tary, to confottnd tho Hoiise with its Committees. When they referred matters to * Committee, they by so doing placed the Committee in a position different from that of the Honse. He felt it necessary to refer to tho scir adulation of the hon. Advocate- General. He (the Ad vocate-General) had spoken of doing his duty, as though no gentlemen but members of the Government did their duty. If he fancied that the sense otthe ceuntry was with the Government, and the nomiucc members of the Government against the representatives of the people, bo was much mistaken. When the senss of the country was fully known, it would be proved that the people would support their repre sentatives. It was absurd for the learned gentleman to say that ho would not allow that House to stand between the Government and the people. That Ilouse had stood between the Government and the people on past occa sions, and would do so again if the Government at tempted to place measures upon the country contrary to thecountry's wish. The people.he was assured, wouldnevcr allow the Government to dictate to their chosen reprcscn til ives. Tha hon. Advocate-General had said he was not a delegate; But that learned gentleman had on a former oc casion himself spoken of the Govdrnor as the Government, and if that were a correct view of the case1, tils lion. Advocate must be a delegate of the Government. (Hear, hear.) The hon. Advocate-General had now endorsed the statemeuts made in the Memorandum— contrary to hi« former course. He (Mr. Bagot) had all along re gretted that the Police Committee had not been allowed by the Government to complete their labours. He thought they ought to havo been allowed to bring up a progress report, and to have continued to sit. He did not consider the course taken by that Committee a pru dent course, al though it was a very natural one. Their usefulness m;™v,t h~ „„.:.. innnii iminirprt hv efforts of the Govern ment to lower them with the Hou3e, and, under the cir cumstances, it was not unnatural for them to act as they had done. While making these remarks on the conduct of the Committee, he would ask the mover to strike out thewoids in the motion after 'adopted,' leaving tho motion simply oue for the adoption of the report. The SPEAKER reminded the hon. member that there was an amendment before the House. Mr. B/IG )T was merely making a suggestion. He re membered the consequences of transmitting a report to the Governor, and perhaps a similar consequence might result from sending the report of the |Police Committee Mr UUGHE3 regretted that after all tho able addresses they had heard he could not vote either for the original motion or the amendment. Tho report of tho Police Committee had been reecived, and there was no reason for reopening a discussion on ths celebrated Govern ment Memorandum. Too much regard had been given to the remarks of the hon. Colonial Treasurer, especially as those remarks had been repHdiated by other members of tho Government at the timo they were enunciated. He regretted that so much timo had been wastw in personal squabbles between the hon. Colonia Treasurer and other members of the House. (Cheers. They might be always so occupied if they attended to every expression of an individual so hot tempered as thi hon. Treasurer. Hehim-elf(J!r. Hughes) had, when doing his duty, been accused of 'clap-trap.' ('Hear hear,' from Mr. Nealcs.) He must say that he believed from tho first that the members of the Police Committco had taken wrong views of Mr. Tolmer's case. From the evidence already elicited ho felt suro that a very different view of that individual's caso would now bo taken Ho imagined that hpn. members on the Police Committee felt that the session was drawing to a close, and wished to retire on their laurels. For his own part ho had no objection to allow them to retire on their laurels. It was evident they wished to close their labours— (' No, no')— and to tike no further— ('No, no, no'). He would say ' Yes, yes, yes.') Mr. NEALES thought the last speaker had totally mistaken tbe objects of the Police Committee. He had stated that the Committee wished to close their labonrs, but they certainly had entertained no such wish. Tha course they had pursued had been forced upon them by the Government. If they retired upon their laurels, it was certainly more than the last speaker would do that session. He much regretted that hon. members on tho Government benches had that day 'triedbaek.' They had previously adoptedaconciliatory course, andrepudiated all that was offensivo to the House, and it would have been better had they cmtinued to do bo. He would not havo supported tho original motion, for he did not see much good in referring mattersto His Excellency. But rath tKari support the amendment he would certainly vote for tfie motion, but still he would like some temperate^ minded man to propose some improvement on it. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL expressed .his. entire concurrence in tho sentiments contained in the Govern ment Memorandum. He saw no reason to shrink from tlii fes'pdrisioility of that position. Ho must demur to the assertion which Had been made that all documents appended to any messag'e from His Excellency were, by being so appended, endorsed by the Government. Ho wo'rild refer to a message which contained reports and eonimtintcatloris frdiri varidu8'Jquarter8j whieh thd Go vernment were not bound to auupt. Mr. BAKER asked whether anything in thosS Coni munications were offensive to tho House. (Hear.) The SURVEYOR-GENERAL— That did not affect the argument. Mr. AXG AS wished he had some power to put an end to that diseufsiva debate. It had assumed the aspect of a general debate en the proceedings of the flntire session. If it were intended, to go on with. Business in that man nerit would be better fpr;the country members to go hpirit, arid lfcave to' tliose .who had inclination for them iiscussiOns of that profitless character, He.blarrjed .the Committee for tho course they had adopted with' their report. Had he been on that Committee he would have come to the Houso and complained of the treatment awarded to it by the Government, but not have thrown up the duty in disgust. Still he must ray that he be lieved that Committee had been exceedingly ill used. He was more disposed to adopt the course proposed by the hon. member for Light than to adopt the original motion. Mn BAKER, notwithstanding bo much had been said,. Would make a iW remarks. ('Spoke.') He wished to speak in explanation of tho facts misstated by tho bom member for BardsSd. , The Committee had com plained of the insults offered to thetti, but objections had been taken by the Government, and they were, by the act of the Government, forced to the course they had adopted. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL, being affected by the itatcments of the hon. member for Mount Barker, must be allowed to speak in explanation. When the Chairman of the Police Committee brought up the report, the ob jection raised was on a point of order; and as the Com mittee had an object to be served by reading that report then, they made' it a final one, and it was by their own act that their labours were ended.. Mr. Kr.JTG!STON, beids atfected.by the statement Just made, wished also to explain the facts. (A Idugh.) The SPEAKER— Really there must bo a limit to this somewhere. Mr. KINGSTON only wished to point out that the hon. and learned Advocate was altogether in error in stating that the Committee had made the report a final one. At the last meeting of the Committee it had been agreed to make a progress report, and to take the oppor tunity of complaining of the treatment reecived from the Government. . Mr. FORSTER, notwithstanding the length of the discussion, felt it necessary to Btate most emphatically that it was the action of the Government alone that had compelled the Committee to cease its labours. There had been no intention on thet part of the Committee to make its report a filial orie. At the last meeting of tho Committee tlie following resolution had been passed:— 'That tho ComnUttec report progress, and suspend their further enquiries until the charges and imputations made by the Government against Select Committees of the Legislature, and particularly against this Committee, be unconditionally withdrawn.' It was, in his view, very important that the labours of tho Committee should be continued. It was important alike to the interests of tho public, of the police, and of tho Commissioner of Police ; but however important it might be, nothing more conld be done, for all action had been foreclosed by the Government. That report had been brought up in the nature of a complaint, nnd a very grave complaint, too; but the Government compelled tho Committee to make that a final report whieh had only been intended as a progress report, as tho only way to advance their complaint. The question had been placed in an unfair position by members whp had op posed the motion. It had been said that the Committee shrunk from their duty in refusing to go on with tho investigation they had commencd. That view was as unfair as the view that had been taken 'of tho Govern ment Memorandum. The objection of the Houso to tho transmission by thd Governor of such a dopument had been construed into a protest against the right of His Excellency to send messages at all. It was idle to say that the Committco should have taken no notice of tho charges. The members of a Committee ought to be affected by charges made against them by official mem bers of tho Government. They would show a great want of respect to the authority from which tho charges emanated were they not to be affected by them. Tho hon. member for Yatala objected to ibe motion as not being accordant with fact. That hon. member knew very well that the Committee brought up their report Only as a complaint, and that at the last meeting df tlie Committed tljey had resolved to suspend their labours until the unjust aspiir'sidns of tHe Government against them were withdrawn. It had been laid down that day in that House 'that the Government were not responsible for tho memoranda attached to the Gover nor's Memorandum. But the Government had selected from various memoranda, and had made alterations in tho letters they had selected for publication. Tho House had learnc.l from the hon. Colonial Treasurer that a portion of his letter was held back until tho accuracy of that portion coul 1 be established, and ho had crprcssod his willingness to be responsible for it. It was quite clear, then, that the Government felt that they ?K'ould be. responsible for what they appended to the Message. It was riot until that day that they had learned that the other members of Government coin cided in opinion with the hon. Colonial Treasurer. That fact rendorcd it incumbent upon the House to adopt the resolution he had moved. If the injurious remarks wero but the sentiments of on individual they might bo dis regarded; biit when ttiey we're endorsed by the Govcra Tto ADVOCATE-GfiNER'AL pYotested' against the misstatements of the hon. member. Tho Government was not responsible for the'arguments of an individual. Mr. FORSTER said it was impossible for the Govern ment to get out of the responsibility attached to the statements of the Colonial Treasurer. The Government Memorandum iiot only adopted the letter of the Colonial Treasurer, but in fact was founded upon the statements contained in it and in the other appended documents. It was1 tlfon crident tilat the Memorandum was intended to c'dnvdy tlie imputation ddntairfed in the letter of the Colonial Treasurer. It had been said that Independent members of the House should disregard imputations as the members of the Government did. But the members of the Government could better afford to bear imputa tions upon their conduct. They were there to discharge a certain dntyT and were remunerated for doing it. xne representative members were there to serve their country without fee or reward. The hon. and learned Advocate bad stated that lie was not there as a delegate. But as ♦l.n mnmlinra nf tlio ?Rtrptitive held their fleatR in that House1 ofnly'as exponents of tho policy of the Government, he would put it td themselves whether they did not really occupy the position of delega'es. Their; own course of action confirmed that view of their position. They had adopted coiirscs quite incongruous, at different periods, in accordance with tho altered policy of the head of the Executive. At one time they put it that there was no alternative but to take a Dominated Upper House, and since that they had contented to ail elective Chamber. They were bound to represent the views cf the Governor for the time being— they must do so or they must submit to tbe loss of their places. He did not mean to say that they represented any Gover nor in a servile way, but still they must be aware that they were there only as the Governor's mouthpiece. Tho hou. Advocate-General had compared the elective members to Haman, the envier and persecutor of Mor decai; and said that nothing availed them so long as tbo Memorandum existed. The Memorandum was the ghost thdt met tliem at every step. But he (Mr. Forster) would say that the GdVerrimcnt were like Ahasuerus, the master and executioner of Haman, who, father than re tract an edict that bad passed his lips, involved tha Jews and Persians in an exterminating war. The Government, rather than withdraw on offensive and unjust charge in tho Memorandum, impeaching the integrity of a Select Committee of that House, resolved to place themselves in perpetual antagonism with the Council. In conformity with what appeared to be the wish of the House, he should havo no objection to striking out, as had been suggested, the concluding words of the motion, which proposed to transmit the resolution to His Excellency. Mr; MACDERMOTT wished to know whether the adoption of the report would involve the acknowledgment of the principle that any iion. member appointed upon a Select Cjmmittee might refuse to oit. (Cries of 'Divide.') The ammendment was lost without a division. Mr. BAGOT moved another amendment— 'That all the words in the motion after the word ' adopted' be struck out.' The ADVOCATE-GENERAL could not suffer the re marks of the hon. member for West Adelaide to pass without comment. That hon. member had said that the Government officers were paid, and therefore that they were bound to submit to all sorts of imputations. (' No, no;') Mr. DAGOT asked whether the hon. member meant to impute that opinion to the House or to any Individual member. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL meant to impute it to the hon. member for West Adelaide. But he would in form the House that the remuneration which the Government officers received would be most inadequate in proportion to the amount of f ervice they performed, if they did not at the samo time indulge the hope that they could be useful to the public. Their remuneration was not such, he was sure, as would induce any elective member to sacrifice the samo amount of time to tbe public service. Mr. ANGAS begged the hon. Advocate would not pursue the subject, or a rejoinder must be expected. (A laugh.) Mr. FOBSTER was most willing to withdraw any offensive expression ho might be considered to hava used. (Hear, hear.) The ADVOCATE-CfENERAL expressed himself per fectly satisfied. Mr. BAKER believed that the elective members did as much work and paid as much attention to the business of the Homo as the Government officers who were paid for it. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BAGOT'S amendment was canned without n division, aud the House divided upon the amended motion — ' That the report of the Select Committee on the Police Force be adopted.' Axbs, 10 — Messrs. Peacock, Angas, Kingston, Reynolds, Dutton, Watts, Baker, Ncales, Bagot, Forster. Nobs, 7 — The Colonial Secretary, the Advocat: Gencral, the Solicitor-General, Messrs. MacDermott Stirling, Blyth, Hughes. The report was accordingly adopted. APPLICATIONS FOR GOVERNMENT EMPLOY MENT. The COLONIAL SECRETARY laid upon the table the return which had been called for by the House on the above subject. ROAD ACT FUBTHER AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. BLYTH moved the second reading of this BilL Mr, PEACOCK seconded the motion, which was car ried, and the House went into Com-i ittco. Mr. BAGOT enquired if there would be any objection to Including in the schedule a main line of road leading by the Sheaoak Log to Grcenock Creek. The SUUyEYOlt- GENERAL did not think it desir able to multiply miin roads in that part of the country. Mr. FORSTER remarked that it was the line usually taken by the bullock-drivers. The single clause of which tho Bill consists was then passed with some verbal alterations. Mr. BLYTH then proposed tho various items in the schedule, viz.:— 1\. A lino of rood by Aldinga Plains and over tho Mount Terrible Ranges, at or near Scllick's Hill, to Yankriilla and Capo Jervis. Passed without remark. 2\. Tho lino of road between Gawler Town and Lyn doch Valley. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL wished to put upon re cord his objection to theirmultiplying main roads beyond the extent of their meaus. Mr. ANGAS remarked that the revenue, after paying for the Government establishments, was mainly appli cable to such purposes. Mr. BAKER wished the Central Road Board would look a little forward in its operations. Ho believed that ere long the district roads would be better than the main lines. Poised. ? fc 3\. A line of road from Strathalbyn to Port Elliot, with a branch, to Milan?:. Mr. BAKER enquired if this line had tie approval of the hon. Surveyor-General. Tho SURVEYOR-GENERAL said it would certainly be a very useful line of road. Passed. 4\. A line of road from Strathalbyn to Wellington. Mr. BAKER put a' similar question concerning this line of road. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL said he thought it very desirable it should be declared. Mr. BAKER remarked that thero were two lines, and expressed a hope that each would bo surveyed. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL assented. Mr. ANGAS could not understand how it was that the hon'. Surveyor-General should approve those linea and object to the lino by Gawler Town and Lyadoch Valley. Passed, The Cbmmfttee then adjonmed, tho Chairman reported progress, and obtained leave to sit again on Wednesday next. LIMITED LIABILITY BILL. Mr. NEALES obtained leave to withdraw his notice fdr the second wading of this Bill, which wai made an Order! of the Day for Wednesday next. ABSENTEE DEBTORS BILL. Mr. BAGOT obtained leave to withdraw Ms notice for the Committee upon this Bill, which was made an Order of the Day for Friday next. CORPORATION LAWS AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. BUTTON moved that this Bill be recommitted. Tha motion was carried, and tlie Speaker having left the chair, ... Mr. DUTTON moved the Insertion of a fresh clause relative to the election of corporate officers, in place of certain words which had been added to the 2nd clause in Committee. The proposed clause having been read, The ADVOCATE-GENERAL trusted, for the credit of the Council, that it would be divided into two, as it mixed up things wholly unconnected with each other. It began by fixing the mode of electing corporate officers, and concluded by awarding payment to the auditors. (A laugh.) The clause Was divided, as suggested, and thus passed. Mr. DUTTON moved an addition to th-j 17th clause, upon the suggestion of the Corporation of Kensington and Norwood. Tho addition, which introduced into the Bill the name of that Worshipful body as coming under its provisions, was adopted by the Committee. The House having resumed, the third reading of the Bill was made an Order of tbe Day for Wednesday next. KINGSTON ESTATE BILL. Mr. BLYTH moved the second reading of this Bill. Its preamble had been satisfactorily proved before the Committee, and he believed there could be no objection to the Bill's passing Seconded by Mr. BAGOT. The ADVOCATE-GERERAL would not oppose the second reading, but might have some suggestions to make in Committee with regard to the details of tho Bill. The Bill was then read a second time, and its con sideration in Commlttep made an Order of the Day for Wednesday next. BUSH PIKES, Mr BAKER moved — 'Fof leave to introduce a Bill to amend the Act N«. 11 of 1854, 'To make provision against the danger of b Vrstt and other fires? ' Mr FORSTER seconded tho motion, which was car* ried. CENTRAL ROAD; BOARD, Mr. BAKER, pursuant to n6tice, asked iria hon. the Colonial Secretary to lay a return upon fBo table of this House, showing what amounts have been paid by the Government to the Central Road Board and District Councils in anticipation of the votes of Council, during the present year, and the date of such payments. The COLONIAL SECRETARY replied that he would lay the return upon the table as soon as it could be pre ^'^ CITY AND PORT RAILWAT. Mr. BAKER moved— ' That there be laid on the tablo a return of expendi ture «n the City and Port Railway, showing— - x. The cost of rolling stock. ii. The cost of materials for laying the permanent way. m. The c03t of labour in formation of permanent way. iv. Cost of buildings and erections. v. Cost of land purchased and paid for. vi. Cost of the engineer department. vii. Cost of management and offico expenses, and legal or any other expenses iu completing the line.' His object was to obtain for the public Borne available information as to the actual expense of constructing tho railway. Mr. KINGSTON seconded the motion. Mr. BAGOT hoped the Government would furnish the information1 as soon as possible. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said it wonld bo for the Undertakers, and not for the Government to furnish the information. Carried. ONKAPARINGA BRIDGE, NAIRNE-B0AD, AND MAGILL-ROAD. Mr. BAKER'S notices of motion for grants inaidjo the above works were withdrawn, it being understood that they would bo referred, with the notices respecting other lines of road, to tho Central Road Board for its report. APPLICANTS FOR OFFICE. Mr. FORSTER referred to a return which had been laid on the table in reply to a resolution of the Honse. It was not, ho thought, in conformity with tho reso lution, which asked fora nominal return. Ho wanted to know whethsr tho hon. Secretary would bo good enough, without further notice, to perfect the return by giving the names, Tho COLOXIAL SECRETARY thought tho return was in conformity with tho expressed wish of the House. There was an objection to giving names j it would be regarded as, in some measure, a breach of confidence, for every person who applied for Government oraploymcnt might not wish to havo his name published. (Hear, hoar.) Mr. FORSTER considered tho return was not in accordanco with ! the resolution, but would, having heard tho explanation, take his own courso in tho matter. Houso adjourned until 1 o'clock on Tuesday next. 