NEW REFORMATORIES FQR CRIMI NALS. (Fromnt the Economist of Dec. 29.) Thereformation of criminals is a congenial occupation at this period of the year, and we are rathar pleased than surprised to find in the journals another long account of the IRe formatory Establishment at Mettray, and no tices of more than one county reformnatory, with numerous letters andi leading articles in the subject. At all times, too, as well as at Christmas, the prevention of crime excites the deepest interest and occasions much intense diseussion. It is now within a few years of a century since Beccaria successfully attracted the attention of Europe to the injuries whish severe punishments' inflict on society, and ever since the whole subject of criminal ju risprudence, thouglf not befote entirely over looked, has continually engaged the attention of writers on political philosophy. In the period, social improvement, the extension of discussion, the deeper interest we have all learnt to take in matters of general welfare, and the increase of population giving a corres ponding magnitude to the increase of crime, have aTll combined to excite continually the sympathy of the philanthropist and the acti vity oft"te practical politican. No vearof the present century-scarcely a month in tho lon period-has elapsed withiout sot'- pi.tntu. event having occurred to i. toe public mind for a sea?s', onte annoy, nee we all suffer numa crimes and ot the means of prevesinting them. But hitherto these investigations, though not wholly fruitless, have not led to any certain and definite conclusions. The Legislature has sometimes repealod severe laws, andi sometimes again had recourse to the principle of such laws; and the public mind is now in condition of greater doubtand anarchy on the subject ofpenal laws, than before it was distubed by suspicion that the unsparing use of the gallows or the sword might not he the best means of securing the virtue andi happi. ness of society. The'Tinmes' to which we are niost indebtedl for the present notice of the subject, givihg us reason to suppose that it has a temporary attraction, says : Truth to say, there is a sort of mechanical rudeness in our way of dealing with offtend ers. Driven fromt one phnt to another by successive diiappointi?ents, we yet persist in the fundatnental error ofexpecting someone prideiple that is to do the business at once. It is either transportation, or hard work, or a sickening mtonotony of occupation, or the per petual repetition of some useless process or silence, or solitudle, or, as we have lately tried in a happy mood, industrial ocupation ; but generally it is only one thing at once. The history of our prisona andl penitentiaries during the pressnt century might have been borrow. ed front the T'atarus of the anciiii ue r the Purgatory of l]tec days. Wihat was the treltisill but t h wheel of Ilion l . aol of the kiugdum t tut of the Da every a -' ..e flonsi sts ben ,pecated with theaddititont of costly ,vdraulics. The stone alternately rolled uji the hill and bounding doswn ona the other side to be rolled up again has been done with the improvement of wheelhatco,.s. lWhen it wasi discovered, attl ugth, that labour atndl pain were not the only nor vet sutfiicint tmeans of reformationi we tried visrious other expcdiants, tnid even attempted to be kind; but still there was the original error of imagining some one secret for the maiageme?nt of offenders. WVhat is un?irtunately true of public charity is still more flagrant of our penal institutions. It is still "the one ceiommandment of the law" that we are bunting after. We still ask, "What shall we do to be savedi' That is, what precepter will at once correct all our social malatlies and impart perpetual health to the community? That has-been the English process of thought. 'rite most opposite that can be imagined is that which has dictated the establishmietint at lettray, After what we have said of the failure of oll attempts to sinuilify the art of moral reformation, we shaldl not reduce the system of MIlettray to on or two principles. MI. die Metz and his enlightned coadjutors evidently do not proceed on the idea of carrying out a general principle. They have entered into a paternal relation with their families ofyour.gunfortunates, and have adapted their treatment to characters and emergeneles. Wre see, however, an important general principle in the establishment at Maettray; and, singularly enough, it is, according to Lord Leigh, the author of the notice, the prin ciple of , the family-a principle already naturally acted on throughout society, and which the most enlightened philanthropists adopt because they cannot find a better. To this principle the whole plan is subservient. But in the natural order of society, each family has to provide for itself, or its head is hound to provide for it. The welfare of the State in fact is nothing distinct from the wel fare of famlies, and we know nothing which in private life is considered more completely improper than one family undertaking to pro vide for another, or interfering with it. To the principle of family, therefore, and to pro viding as fior as possible for the well-being, moral and physical, of the heads of families must politicians look, according to M. Metz, for the future improvements of society. The benevolent originator, too, will not allow religious service to be performed in the church, though it is always open, except on oundays, because in every- day life the work men could not attend on other days, and being compelled " to drop a duty" which in his re formatory had been inealculated on him, it would have an injurious effect on his mind, M. Metz, contrastinog the rigorous observan ces at La Trappe withl real life, is afraid that, were he to establish something like them, the dissimilarity would be so great between his reformatory and actual life, that when the reformed criminal was restored to society, be cause he could not possibly do all that had been enforced on him as his duty, he would become wholly reckless and do none, or only such of the matters taught him as duties as pleased him. This is the recognition of the important principle, that all teaching ought to conform precisely to the duties which men have to perbform in society, and that to teach them anything else but these duties-to teach them something as a duty which is either more or less than the duty they have actually to do-tends to make them generally reckless in the performance of all duties, and weakens, if it do not overthrow, the very foundations of duty. From this principle-taught by 3M. Mitz, reported by Lord Leigh, and praised by the Times-it must be inferred, that for meoil to do the duties required of them by the con stitution of society, especially the constitutionl of the family, is above all things important, and that all teaching other than to do the du ty thus made necessary is injurious. This principle seems hostile to every such institution, and especially hostile to the insti tution at Mettray. The regularity observed; .the watchfulness of the hired "chief" of the family, of the honoured elder brother; the careful .discipline for all; the punctual atten dance required at work and school and church; the daily avocations; the provided lodgings and subsistence; in short, the whole system of monastic discipline and of care-taking there established, are not found in society. Society cannot be thus regulated. But allreformato ries are and must be regulated on principles different from those which actually guide fa milies and society, and we may- infer, there fore that they never can obtain the success expected from them. Persons like HI. Metz and all other philan thropists, withl all the governors, regulators, and police of society, exist only as suchin consequence of the many families of which society is composed, or of their chiefs produc ing day by dlay revenue enjoyed by If. Metz or approlpiated by the Government. Reformato ries could neverexist themselves,norwerethey established, could they be maintained, if there were not outside of them and encompassing them, producing for them the means of sub sistence, that society which 3H. Metz describes as imposing duties on individuals to whom all other duties and all teaching ought to conform. It hardly seems necessary, yet for some it may be, to state thatthere is no wealth in the world, no means of subsistence and of enjoy ment, but what is the produce of labour; that the spontaneous produce of the earth -must very generally be removed to make place for the dwellings of man and tillage of the so il; and that, consequently, the revenue of Govern ments and all the property of individuals which they spend day by day is the produce of labour. Now, we have learnt from much experience that labour is only skilful and very productive when it is free, that all attempts to make it increasingly productiveby regulations or restrictions- the far-famed protective systems- have been egregious failures. Con sequently, no such system of reformatories as that at Mettray could exist where they were not supported by the labour of the general society; and we are taught by 31. M1etz him self thliat the discipline of such societies is and must be at variance with the duties men have to perform in the actual world. He does, therefore, lay down a principle, and, likemost other criminal reformers, his principle is opposed to his practice. To this merely logical deduction from the principle taught at Mettray, we must add, as of some importance, for the consideration of the many estimable men who are now exert ing themselves to establish reformatories, hop ing by their means to effect the moral im provement of crinanals, that the success at Mlettrav obviously depends on the individual character of 31. Metz. Unless similar disin terestedness, similar enthusiasm, similar de. votedaess to the cause can be found-which never vet were found continuously in hired and paid agents-no such institution can succeed. The success cannot be ensured by regulations. It can only be ensured by hay-. ing a succession of benevolent men ; andthose who hold meetings, pas resolutions, and sub, scribe theirmoney, expecting by such means to reform criminals, will like their predecessors in a similar career, 'te disappointed. They depend ont voliutary subscriptions ; these may seoon fail in fitvour of some more tempting scheme, as we see that the metropolitan crim inal reformers are already complaining that they are losing support by the establishment of reformatories in the coumtry, Society can-. not be helped by contrivances which require continual sacrifiecs by a few, and require in individuals angelic virtuerarely found. Only the average and ordinary qualities of the human nature to be improved can be relied on ; and schemes ofreforms by restraint, which presuppose in governors and condluctors, em ployes and hired servants, virtues not pro dominant in society, will turn ut to be quite .s utopian as man,- ,ore glorious dreams. The rTins ays we are still hunting after the " one commandment,"--we still ask "what shall we do to be saved?" meaning, we are afraid, rather to sneer at those who think some good and just principle of criminal ju risprudence yet may be discovered, than to state the obvious fact that we have now for many years discussed the subject, acted on our " mechanical rudeness " and been " dri ven front one plan to another," only to find disappointment from all. Dr Johnson said it might " be suspectedthat political arrogance had sometimes found its way into legislative assemblies, and mingled with deliberations on property and life" ; and it is surely only ne cessary to rememberin outline the history of penal legislation from Draco downwards to have suspicion converted into certainty. On this point, as on all others, men rnecessarily began to act before they had acquired, or could ac uirer apy eowsledge of the conse tucnces of tlractrcions. In all States of an tiquity and the middle ages, slavery prevailed in Europe, and the principles of our penal le. gistation were adopted in, and adapted to, such a condition of society. Originally they were naturally and necessarily the expressions of the arrogtant will of masters. Hence, in some ancient laws, the lives of slaves might betaken away, or the pleasure of murder might bo io dulged in at the expense of a small fine ; but no torments were too great fur the slave -'no imsbrued his hlnnds in his master'm oood. Our ohr gaw of treason, far .ss founded on any regard to the -o^', of society-though in mo dern ones, it has been so intrepreted-than on this older law, was directed against the slave or the subject who was opposed to the authority of masters. We have inherited the laws of our ancestors, and continue to act oa the principles they acuted on, though our circhsnstaices are different and our knowsldgo much enilarged. Very few years, indeed,shase elasised since the very same principle of put. ting men to death for offences against properte prevailed very generally in our las, it haosg been adopted for the protection of the properly ofthe then ruling classes. Formnerly the slaves aid their descendants were never ealled ot to give their opinions as to the laws. For them the laws were alhays arrogantlyatnd cruelly made. l'ractically, we contsnue to act ot the old princililes, and ought not to be surprised that our penal laws do not lessen the general criminality, Our Legislaturesul ways act os its predecessors acted, merely adsapting its condsct to some petty modifica tions dictated hy eireusstanees. It never departs, therefore, froas the principles for. sorly adopted; and hence th e arrogance, suspected by Dr. Johnson, aid made obvious to every inquirer, has always influ enced legislation fromt the beginning of penal laws to the present time. It is now largely mingled with our most benevolent schemes, and will prevent them from being asucesoful. AUSreTnIAN MItL CoetANY.-On Wednes day, the 9th January, a meeting of shareholders in the Australintt, Royal Mail Company took place at the offices of the company, in London, Mr Tootal in the chair. Mtr Henry Wills sub. mitted his views as to the propriety of employ ing the steamers of the company in the estab lishment of a line between Sydney end Panama. Mr T. G. Taylor complained thatthe government offered no encouragement to such an undertak ing. He eoxpressed a belief that such a line would pay without a goverrnment subsidy; but he thought that as the shareholders are anxious to wind the company up, it would be better for those who advocated the establshment of the ine proposed, to form a new company, and pur chase the steamers, which might be sold on terms advantageous to both. Mr Sidney Gur ney moved, and Mr Howes seconded, a resolu. tion condemnin. the proposed line which was unnnamously carried. At erlse of tihe proceed mtoga it was anonounceed that during cte meeting a communication bad been received from the covernment, which will probably result in the company's vessels being again chartered for the war nservice. This at once terminated the dis. cu(sion. A BALTIC CAPrAlNaX. The Siecin anticipates a future campaign in the Baltic provinces, nndl after having enumerated the forces possesed by Rus.ia in these regions, which it values at two hundred thousand men, thus marshals the armies which the Allies, in conjtinciion with Swed.en and Denlimrk, could dispose of if necessarv: " Admittlig that Sweden were to furnish 70,000 men aid Denmark 30,000, the WcaVern Powers would have to furnish 100,000 men, or 70,000 French and 3o),000 English. France could even increase her contingent if the military organisa tion of our neighbours was not to permit them It complete theirs, for our country portesses a milii tary strength leally lormidalle. Thus is conati tuted the French arnmy-Infantry of the line, 328 battalions; light infantry (rifles), 30 do artillrry, 248 companies; siege train, 20 do eneineers, 54 do; rappers, 11 do: cavalry, .73 Frqnadrons; gendarmes and firemen of P'ris, I19 squadrons or companies; veterans of all amines 17 companies. It is not a question here of an improvised force. At the advent of the Government of the 2nd December, the army was composed of 327 battallions of infantry, 312 squadrons of cavalry, and 240 companies of artillery. It has thus only been augmented by 3n bittallions of infanlry and 60 squadrons of cavalry. With out any offence, we may say that this great army has been orginisod under the con stitutional regime, and had found in Algeria the traditions of victoiy. 'I like to hear the roar of cannon in Algeria,' said Louis Phillipe; *Europe does not hear it.' Europe has since heard this African cannon, and friends and enemies know lhaint it fires well. A great expe dition to the Baltic is therefore not impoisible. England will pay her alliance in vessels, and our soldiers will find at Cronstadt another Mralakhcff." Tus SPRIoN CAMsPAIGN.-If the Russians hold their place till the next campaign-if they can gather force, and cen command money for the sullen and unavailing resistance of despair for another year, they, wsilb their army weighed down under uninterrupted disasters, will have to meet the Allied forces, vigorous and fresh with the spirit of success-burdened to their work, and resolute f,r new glory. They-the mere ghost of the force that Russia ponred in for tihe defence of Sebrstopol thev. exhausted by the ;terr.;;u aesons that they iave received they, the victims of tho:e awful generals, January, Fobruary, and March, whom Menscbikoff named as the mastert of their foes, will be forced to en Suuter the v~cth and vigour of the Western Giant whom thev have roused. RussIA Rul.NED.-Her great towns and her commerce, which was rising rapidly into im portance before the war, the war has ruined. All is dismay and disabler. How shonld it be otherwise, when the very flag of Russia has disappeared from her seaq-when no merchant has dared to consign a cargo from her ports to to any part of the world-when the rigorous blockade ol our fleet has condemned her trade to perish of inanition. Such is the stale oe ihe country that has relhly encountared the strength of the Western Powers. Such is the premature decadence of the empire forced for ward to an unnatural growth, and to the asser tion of preiensions which she cannot support. Bankrupt in finance-rxhausted in men-unable to cultivate in agricnlture-ruined in commerce, with discontent and distrust lowering on the governmenrt from the most influential quarters, Russia stands without an open friend or a con fessed ally in Europe, desperately resisting where she must know that elen hope is lost. The endof ihese things all men must know; all mtn must feel that Rus.ia is but playing out a desperate game for a remote chance, not of urinitg uoerces, but of avoiding utter failure. Mlorning Pont. 