LIFE PEERAGES. To the Editor of the Weekly Dispatck. It is so rare a thing for an important step to be taken in the direction: of reform, by virtiie of the Royal prerogative, without the impulse of any popular cry, and at once having the aspect of novelty yet keepin within constitutional limits; : that when such an event does occur; public attention should ; bv drawn thereto, and the good should be distinctly and gratefully recognised. A transaction deserving of this descrip tion has just taken place iri the elevation of a late Judge. rS James Parke, to the dignity of a baTon of the Unitcd Kingdon for the term of his natural, life, by the, style of the Ban-u Wensleydale. Tliere is no douht of the Poyal prerogati\e extending to the creation of lifj Peerages: Nobody cbilt'.s it ; not even the special pleaders whom aristocracy retries or the lickspittles .who hope to recommend themselves to its patronage. Doubtless, it has be 11 rarely exercised, hut we find .precedents by going back to the 'Plantiigencts, whose reigns afford many precedents for much : worse tilings. The Stuarts, too, dahltled in this .way, and there is a partial pveeetlent of (recent times in the creation of the Marquis of Londonderry, .who was made Earl Vane for life, w.ith the remainder to the issue of his second wife. ; Indeed'many a Vane has been made an Earl, though without such restriction, . in. reward fordiis weathercock ivropensities. Lord Pa'merston's Government, has done itself real honour by reviving this exercise :of -the Royal prerogative for the creation of life Peerages. They are the most reasonable of all Peerages. They give personal . honour for personal .qualities. They confer dignity by .selection and not by chance/ If the practice be continued, we see a way open for the reformation .of -the great House of Incurable?. The little Peers will take rank in -public estimation as the best of all Peers. They will owe the honour to (themselves, and not to that most uncertain of- all lotteries, the chance of birth, The absurdities of such au institution as that of an hereditary Peerage with legislative authority, may thus be materially abated, and much of its vicious working be -probably corrected. The weekly organ of Toryism has at once rushed to the rescue. It does not venture to contest the Royal prerogative, hut insinuates it had better not be exercised. The precedents,, it tells us, are few. in number and bad in character ; and then it proceeds to argue against the revived practice on consti tutional, political and social grounds. But this is, in fagt, to . deny its existence. To remonstrate against its exe.rcise is to reduce Roj'alty to a shadow, arid 'to propose that it should nominally have great powers, but its- hand -be tied up from : their exercise. . , We have enough of such shams. If .the power he a bad one, it ought to _ be abolished ; if a good one, it .ought to be exercised. Arid this power is capable of being well and wisely exercised, and of largely promoting thereby the- useful working of our institutions. The .preposterousness of a hereditary Peerage with sucli authority as .cure possesses is too obvious to need Argument. The hgreditaa-y physician of the ' German Gourt is a . rationality in comparison. Docioria! qualities ,are quite as likely .to descend from father to son as legislative .qualities. ' Making peoples' songs' has often been compared in influence with making their laws. Vet the office of the bard lias long since ceaSed to be hereditary. Ip. the case of the bishops lite Peerages are continually created, and yet why should they be 9 As much may be said for an hereditary Archbishop of Canterbury as for an hereditary legislator. If ;the lay JPeer is supposed to be specially trained for his functions, so may the Peer. If the lay Peer transmit his wise and virtuous spirit the spiritual Peer can give his son the Holy Ghost, which will make up for everything in the way of .qualification. If Peers ( should have property, why we take good care that bishops shall have 'property. So far as \- consistency goes, the. case is a very strong one, that episcopal Peerages ought to he hereditary, of that ltuy Peerages should be only fur life. ' The Press argues the moral influence of , the hereditary \- peerage.' " A tainted character will; not on lyf disgrace the past but the future also, 5 and many a man who would not hesitate to degrade' bis own name would hesitate at degrading his son's.' They must be a coiriical set of persons, these -Peers, who (are kept virtuous for fear . their children or grandchildren should | be ashamed ! The security is a very ticklish onel tt supposes i a man to ihetempsychpsie with his remote posterity : to 'shun ! .crime for fear they should be pointed at, and to avoid, absurdity j .lest they should be laughed . at. ;The writer , fears lest life ; Peerages should give us " a set of cockney lordlings who would 1 inrike the title contemptible from their manner, and perhaps '> odious from their vices " I hope the Queen will perceive - the compliment, which is here paid to, her, taste and. judgment. Why these cockney lordlings, being the founders' of families, would feel in the very strongest degree the - rridtivC which we have just lieeri told keeps' tlie great mass of Peers from corrup tion: , The; cockney lordling, who stands first in the list which is to stretch out to infinity, ought to be much niore solicitous to avoid bringing shame upon his' grandchildren and greatr grandchildren by a tainted character than he who is only one link in a; chain between the past and the fixture, and who finds Jiis nanie alrpady too much dignified by some for . Him to raise it to higher honour; 'arid' too much degraded by other's tor him to drag it down' to darker infamy. ; The Peer for life, is represented Us less, independent than the hereditary Peer, "What the barrister f now is to the Judge, what the Judge holding office during the pleasure of the. Crown was to the Judge who held it for life, i that is a Peerage like .Wensleydale to a peerage like Derby or Shrewsbury ." . I thought the Judges, had been made independent when their offices were seciired for life. If there bb'a position in societT" where iride- -pendeaceiis more urgently required than in any other, 'it is in that of the Judgei"""His independence is much more important than that of the Peer. But if the above ai-guuient be correct you iriay raise him a step higher in the scale of independence by providing that his son shall be a Judge after him'. If security for life be sufficient for all practical purposes, that is what the Judge has, and that is what life Peerages will have ; and if we judge by facts, they are to the full as independent as any Derbys or Shrewsburys in the red book. That an hereditary Peex'age is a guarantee for the exclusive possession of superior wealth is au obvious fallacy. There are many commoners who could buy out no small proportion of the wealth of a great part of the Peerage. Some of them buy themselves into the Peerage ; and there are Peers who, from motives, one might almost say, of charity (a very misplaced and dishonest charity), are thrust into offices, and thus quartered upon the public. The great hereditary wealth, com pared with that of the whole community, possessed by the House of Peers, is an exploded fallacy. With all their primogeniture . ..and entails the House of Lords would be a poor-house were it not recruited from the spoils of industry, They do riot possess one hundredth part of the annual revenue of the kingdom ; and of what they do possess, some has been dug out of coal mines, some has flowed in from canals, railways have paid their tribute, and much has been gained, as in the case of the Grosvenor family, by marriage with the heiresses of those cockneys who "were not lordlings, who, it is. feared, would themselves have made the title contemptible, and have stood ip no awe of the sensibilities of their grandsons. Whether or riot therefore, large wealth entitle to legislative command, ilih present Peerage has no such claim : it does . not exist, to be endaugered by any number of Peerages for life. Nor is the absurdity of the institution mitigated, or the force of the objection1 to life Peerages strengthened, by assuming that ' hereditary legislators are expressly and efficiently educated for legislative work. Their education is aristocratical, not legis- | lativc. The Universities have a conventional standard of learn ing. That is as remote as" possible from the practical business of life. The Press may-' caricature individual statesmen, when it represents them as unable to1 speak French— as ignorant whether corn is Weighed or measured, or counted by the quar ter, as looking in the' Gazetteer for the names of colonies- whose affairs they sire to superintend— as not' knowing the head of a ship from its stern i but, although fhis'caricatui-es individuals it doc-Snot caricature the class7 which our Univer sities send out as- educated par excellence. Till lately, the igno rance of some of our' greatest statesmen of the simplest elemtmts of political economy Was perfectly notbrious.' .Tliejt' were beaten' abotit, cut up; and kicked down, by a set of self-taught Manchester manhfactuters. Whether ariy trai ning can/make a competent' legislator is- very questionable. The statesman; like the .poet, must probably be born such. Organization, original constitution; must have its place in his elements; as well as the. influence of circuhistances, however favourable. We ratist, therefore, rely on education tocure the defects of the hereditary, institution; At best, it would'not suffice ; and our Universities liave piit it', ifbff at its best, but at its worst. They haVe shown themselves- as little adapted to mariutaptute statesmen as to lhanufacture- steam erigines. But the' life Peerage Would be likely to fall to the lot of men- who had manufactured them> Selves into statesmanship. Identity of interest with the com munity is often supposed, but' in- the face of all reason. The very fact of being a distinct; privileged and permanently Separate body, gives them4 a class interest, and an interest that must often be at variance With that of the nation at largo. They are said to have " a stake in- the country." And so. they often have— an Abyssinian steak, which they cut from'the flanks of the living and groaning animal. I need not now fefer to the mahV poiuts on which they opposed themselves to the House of Commons,, great as is their influence in that House, and' far as at stops short ofeXpressiug the opinions the wishes mid the rights .of the people.' Plenty of instances- will occur, to your readers' recoHcctioni . The very'fact that; Peers are'memberS -of families— large and hungry families, accounts for: their, striving after a monopoly of all Governmental good things. Thcy .haVe the power of pursuing that' course system atically.; Like the Russian policy of territorial aggraridise- rnrnti it descends - frqm+ generation to generation. Peers for life Only, could pursue no such course. The Press is shocked at the political and social aspects- of the question before us. t It fears the- breaking of "the- link between ; the fif.leH anrfi Untitled gentry." But so' far as such chain exists it Would1 Surely rather add a link to 'it than break it. The Peer for life would toubh upon- the hereditary Peer in one directioriy-and Upon' the untitled wealthy? commoner in another. He "would Shake hands'- with both.. Nor is there any grOund for assuming that all Peers for life mu&fc; be very poor.- " Can anything be conceived more pitiful than my- Lord Reddypen, the eminent author,: taking his chop: at a sixpenny tavern, While an xinshom hailifl scowls savagely from the opposite IPX at the victim who has escaped his clutches ?" Yesythere is somethrhg more pitiful. The titled inheritor of a long ancestry and mortgaged estates, dining at the Clarendon and cheating fthe landlord, clothed by West- end tailors,-, whose bills" he never pays, seeking: fortune on the turf or from'the dice-box, and dunning every successive Minister to give him-' a place and find him in funds at the public expense, instead of betaking himself to some honest, honourable and profitable occupation. The successful author do-is not dine at sixpenny 'chop houses, lie is in no fear of the unshorn bailiff. The manners he depicts with his pen-%6 is able to realize indris pferson ; nor is It likely' that fie should bring disgrace li pen a coronet for life who has achieved the laurel for 'immortality.' This our critic perceives, ' a'hcl changes his, tone Jto the destruction: of his argument., "Jokihg apart, what" literary- man of real gerii lis but would scorn to change the name he has inade-so noble for a title that Wbuld not ennoble him— the highestrplace in literature for the? lowest place in the Peerage, the laurels of wit and poetry for a dubious rank and a tawdry cbronet?" If so,- what is the real worth of. that class which the man of genius wouid degrade himself by joining? The writer confesses that3his argument is a joke, and worse than joke, it' is a sophism. Take the case as-;he put! it, and it is the Peerage that would be ennobled by the accession of the man of genius. His wit and wisdom Would supply wants which must occur in the succession of hereditary legishitbrs Entwined with the bays his coronet .at least wtnlld cease to he a tawdry gewgaw. .Make him a life Peer by all mCans; it wbuldput a life new an& better Irito the' Peerage In these remarks -on-:the deficiency of the institution as it at- present exists, I muet not1 be understood as at all detracting from- the value of that portion of our constitution which pro-' vides for" the existence of two legislative bodies/ an Upper and a Lower House. The value of such an arrangement has im pressed itself upon the minds of all by whom -the subject lias been studied. It has been well and wisely provided for in 'the Institutions of those colonies on which we have conferred the inestimable benefit of representative government. Its worth lias been recognised by the United? States, bqth'in their central Government and in most of their Sta£e Governments. The forms are various. Sometimes the Upper House consists of aomi nees, sometimes of personselected for life, or for a term of years: but in- no case has the hereditary principle been . adopted. We have inherited it- from the. days;of feudalism;', and like other portions- of our" constitutional inheritance it. requires modification to adopt it to the times ; that modification- is most easily and constitutionally effected by the gradual addition of life Peers to. the hereditary. Peers, and it is -to be hoped that the revived practice will be continued and extended until this infusion of new Wood shall bring the Upper1 House into practical conformity with what it IS in theory, a selection of matured, able, trustworthy and independent ' persons,- who.' by their calm judgments and more elevated position, shall supply the deficiencies, correct the aberrations, and wisely influence the proceedings of the House of .Commons, with whom they will thus become follow wOrkerS- for. the general well being of the community. PUBLICOLAv 