1 , SS I HUNTER RIVER -DISTRICT: j (From Saturday's Maitland Mercury.) " f Maitland Gold Porch ases.-Messrs David Cohen and Co. have rmrchased during the week, 277 ozs. gold, from the'Hanging Rock, at 72a. per oz. ; and 13 ozs. from the Meroo, at 73a. per oz. CRICKET. - On Thursday afternoon a match came off between Messrs. Callaghan and Kenniwell, and Messrs. Clarke and Sheridan, for 10s. a bit. The former won, scoring 12 against 9. - After this match was over, Ken- niwell played Clarke for £1 a side, one scout each ; Kenniwell scored 4, and Clarke was caught out in both, innings with the first ball. The bowling on both sides, we understand, was capital. Chabqes op Pebjurt.-The case of Campbell V. i Green was called on before the Bench at West Malt land on Thursday, when their worships thought that \ a prima facie case was made out, and committed the defendant to take hiB trial at the next Criminal Court. -The case of Campbell v. Henry, for perjury, was then called on, but on account of the information being in East Maitland, the case was not entered into. ' After a little conversation the Bench agreed to remans it till Saturday (to-day), when the case will be heard j at Bast Maitland. Both defendants were allowed bail j themselves in £100 each, and two sureties in £50 each -Green to appear at the Criminal Court, and Henry on Saturday. Maitland School of Abts.-At the fortnightly meeting on Thursday evening Mr. Sinclair g*ve an essay on " Spirit Rapping." After a few reniarka upon the debateable nature of the subject, he pro- ceeded to show the different tests which had been applied to it in England, some ascribing it to disease,, to monomania, spectral illusions, mental illusions, &*.[ But he argued that they could not be brought to beat, upon the subject. Many of the wisest men have tested it in a great many ways, and were perfectly bewil-, dered, and the only conclusion that could be arrived at < was, that the sounds were occasioned by mysterious. agencies. Having explained the subject of the " mediums," of whom he asserted there were 30.000» and through whom the spirits were supposed to com- municate with man in the flesh, he proceeded to show the manner in which the communications were made, and adduced several amusing and wonderful incidents as convincing truths. Be contended that imposture was out of the question, aa it was impossible that so many thousands who have been acted upon by it, but that «ne of them would "blab," besides that it was against reason that so many would join in a trickery ; < and then we were not to reject it because we could not '? believe, saying these things happen in America, and.. why not here, as an oyster might, if told that there was a san, say, " I don't believe it ; I never heard of it before." In the debate which followed, several of ; the speakers ascribed it to mental illusion, a diseased ; mind, all of them agreeing it was a species of humbug.?! In the course of the discussion several laughable ghost! stories were told, and after an animated discussion aj' vote of thanks was given to the essayist, and the . meeting separated, ' How ora Soldiers ake^ Fsb and Clothed,-Ml our allies, the French, had last winter the advantage] over us in point of clothes and huts, they certainly! have not this winter in one single point. No soldiers!, could be better clothed, better fed, and, one ought to' be able to say, better hutted than ours. Each man, gets the following rations daily :-1 pound of bread or j 1 pound of biscuit, 1 pound of meat, ¿ gill of rum, It J ounce of rice, ¿ ounce of pepper to every eight men, j ï pound preserved vegetables, or J pound of potatoes,)] 2 ounces of candles to every twelve men, 4} pounds ofjl wood or 2¿ pounds of coal, 2 ounces of sugar, 1 ounceH of coffee or £ ounce of tea, and i ounce of salt. When! lime-juice is served out, an ounce is given to eaohj man, but this last luxury is not given offener now than! once in three weeks. Fresh meat and good bread arel always now served out daily, except on Sundays and? Mondays, when salt meat and biscuit are given in4 stead. As regards dress, each man gets, gratis, in ad-J dition to his usual kit in the field, one pair of long) boots, two pair of drawers, two jerseys (blue or white' as he may prefer), one comforter, one pair of mils, one] hoad, one fur cap, one mackintosh and leggin*, one pair of wooden clogs lined with wool, one extra rug, and one winter coat, in addition to his usual great coat. A Revolutionary Tkopht.-The Pays gives the; following strange story :- «' On the 28-.h of February, 1848, the day of the revolution, a young man, with his face blackened with gunpowder, his dress in disorder, with poignards and pistols stuck in his belt, and s shawl stained with blood, and containing several cuts from swords and bayonets, thrown over his shoulders, presented himself in the shop of a Madame D-, s scourer and dyer. Rue des Vieux Auguatins. The woman was terrified at so s range an apparition ; but the man pulling the shawl from his back, quietly told her to examine it and tell him if it was of any value. Somewhat tranquilised by his pacific demeanour, the woman inspected the shawl, and after doing so, in- formed him it was a caehmere of great value. He then! asked if it were possible to clean and mend it, and on | being answered in the affirmative, ordered her to do | so ; after which he want away, \» ithout giving his j name and address. The shopkeeper carefully cleaned 1 the shawl, and mended it with such skill that no trace ! of the cuts were, pereeptible ; but sho never s\w or heard anything more of the man. Sot le time back she took the shawl to tho Prefecture of Police, and re lated how it came into her possiosion. It w¿s sub- . mitted to the examination of persona skilled in such ?? article?, and they declared that it waa of ex'reme i Vïlue, and must have belonged to somo very high per- ii sonage. An investigation having been instituted, it web ascertained that the shawl, which was one of the most famous ever made in Indin, and bore the name ] of " tho Emir," had been presented to Q-i. ci Mdrie Amélie by an Eastern sovereign, and had disappeared in the sack ot the Tuileries. The authorities havo in consequence determined that it shall bo restored to the august widow of King Louis Philipf e." Death op an old Servant.-The Ch-rlottesville (Va.) Jefcrsonian announces the death of a coloured servant of Mr. Tucker Coles, of that county, named Scipio, cpad 104 year?, and says he wau the dining room servant of -Mr. ColeB's father, after his marriage in 1761. Before tint time he trundled a wheelbarrow about the streets of Norf j]k. He was a remarkable instance of a man who has livrd a long life in constant violation of all the rules cf temperance and diet, hav- ing always fared sumptuously, and been a toper all his life. A liberal allowance of grog was daily furnished him. Mr. Jefferson was a frequent visitor of his old master, and Scipio always shook hands with him, and J called him Colonel Jefferson. He has waited on Baron Breidsel and General Phillips (Burgoyne'B officers stationed in the vicinity), Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Henry, Wirt, Randolph, Tazewell, &e.; 