DOWAGER BISHOPS. The chief sign of religious vitality whi aSh tho English aro giving just now, is their ithxiety about Dowager Bishops. What aro you: to do with your bishop when he is old, and deaf, and blind, and sunk altogether into a kind of help less cretinism which it is painful to witness and impossible to conceal? As a descendant of the Apostles, a bishop ought to dief early ; but ho generally prefers to linger on as aicar to a hundred as he can. On the whole, lacrwovor, a bishop who lias- survived his faculties seems to mo to be quite as useful; as bofore, indeed, to be rather improved by the loss. Since tho Restoration, two hundred years ago» of our 'lawful King'' Charles tho Second, of pious memory, tho chastest of monarchy and tho most magnanimous of men, I cannot discover that any bishop or archbishop ever did his country one single noble or lasting {sea'piae. I find your pattern prelate to have beon. cithor an indolent, insignificant person with au exccs sivo love of money, of venison, and of port, or a puny pedant, or a servile hack, or n. virulent bigot. Tho Anglican Church lias its own merits us connected with the literature ami. the cul ture of England. The great name of Jeremy Taylor is in itsolf sufficient to give lat tvo to an institution. But whatever the Anglican Church may havo done for tho general culture of Eoglaud, it has done nothing for it« roligiou3 growth. Religion would have been dead in England but for the various sects ot' noncon formists that from time to time liavo arisen. Whatever vigor tho Anglican Church, now dis plays it owes to the stimulus of dissent. Tho Anglican Church sprung from no popular elements :--tho breath of tho people has nevor warmed or fertilised it : in the commencement a royal whim, it has been throughout its exist once a cold and formal aristocratio monopoly. It has neither had the earnestness of the Con venticle nor. the ceremonial grandeur of Ro manism. I say this less in the way of reproach than in sincerest- sorrow : for a truly national church has boon one of my most abiding and enthusiastic dreailis. Now all that is detective and faulty in tho Anglican Church has been enormously aggravated by its bishops. They have never considered it as their vocation to infuse into it a diviner spirit, to impel its energies, to remove what was effete, or to ex terminate what was radically bad. What in genoral would bo tho history of an Anglican bishop? lie edited a Grade play, and was a moro abject slave to the C.nirt than his predeco'ss'or. When I think what a stupen dous and eternal reality Religion is, I cannot help viewing the Anglican bishops as tho most execrable atheists with whom this earth was ever burdened or polluted. When I see what is the leading motive of their whole career . I cannot suppose that they believe in a God, in immortality, in tho human soul, in any Christian principle, or in any Christian fact. A single Anglican bishop, in his outgiiugs and his incomings, would bo quite enough to justify and to account for all the atheism which in every class is so rapidly spreading. Infidelity never springs up, never gains its baleful triumphs from theoretical causes, or through theoretical arguments. I cannot too often, I cannipt too strenuously, maintain that man is naturally a believer. When the community has beeome morally weak or morally depraved, infidelity is ono of tho results \- whori religious institutions are no longer animated by religious fervor, pervaded by re ligious sincerity, on no fruit can .we so surely count, as on infuleiity. Whon the priests there fore denounce infidelity, they are uttering their own loudest condemnation thiy are pro claiming to all the world how wholly, how shamefully tlicy have neglected their duty. Through the centuries coiiies g'.cami'ig on us tho grandeur of tho Cross : — through the centu ries we hear of the rattlo of Paul's chains, and tho moan of a million martyrs : — the Gosp/1 what ever its truth, or whatovor its riuthjr'.tv w.u at least baptised iu sorrow, and ail ih faithful disciples have spoken of themselves as the sons of sorrow, weary pilgrims to a better hind. Who. should represent from ago to age this worship of sorrow, if not tho Christian priest? If earth is but a scene of tribu lation, the Christian priest should es pecially show how the tribulation is to be heroically borne. And if we demand this from tho Christian priest, surely we ought in a supremo degree to demand it from the piicst of priests — tho Christian bishop. In nil reli gions thero will bo numerous professed ad herents not zealous for every dogma, or | scrupulous in the obscrvanco of every rito. But we do not condemn a particular religien bccauso we find in . many of its members laxity, apathy, or inconsistency. When, how- [ over,' wo encounter the laxity, tlio apathy,' tlio inconsistency in tho priests',' then is the reli gion fatally struck in the forehead through its wicked ministers. If Christianity is tho religion of sorrow, why- are the Anglican priests, — why are -the Anglican bishops greedy only after gold and after worldly distinctions and worldly empire? Why can wo not approach tho smallest country church without being repellod by tho stench of simony? Anglicanism is in the oxact con dition into which Paganism had fallen at Rome in tho second or third ccntury after Christ. A solemn coremonial farce Is played for lucre be fore tho peoplo, which tho players themselves aro tho first to chuckle over as nothing but a fareo. The Bishop of London, — ono of tho pro posed dowager bishops, — after having bagged at least half-a-million of his country's money, modestly wants to grab six thousand a-year on retiring into his interesting dowager condition. Half of this sum is to go toward tho payment of insurances on the Bishop's lifo. Now, three thousand a-ycar paid jin insurance, would secure, I supposo, not less than an hundred thousand pounds to bo distributed amoug tho heirs of this Christian prelate. This is a strange way of being a miserable sinner, of being a worshipper according to the religion of Sorrow, of treating earth as if it were a iiassago to tho grave, to take no thought for tho morrow. Tako no thought for tho morrow, but leave each of vour daughters so largo a fortune that sho may ablo to marry a lord ! High as tho price is, how ever, of converting au avaricious dotard into a dowager bishop, I should be glad to pay tenfold that prico for tho whole episcopal bench if thereby we' Were to bo rid of Anglican bishops for ever. Your do ivagcr bishop takes hisprincely wages quietly, and digests his victuals well or ;il 1, .line 1,„ KurSorl like other lumber. But your bishop on full pay can tease, and torment, and persecute, and be pretty considerably a scorpion as well as alocust. On ccmetcry questions ho is signally great. By his Apostolical authority, and inspired of course by the Holy Ghost, ho can tell you to the eighth of an inch how broad tho road, and how high tho wall should bo that separate Church man and Dissenter when they havo both gone to rot in their coffins, and he can bring and never omits an opportunity of bringing trouble and confusion into a whole district whenever his favorito fcticho, — tho cighth-of-an-inch, — is not duly honored and adored. On all the wretched little points also which Puseyism is .so fond of agitating, the full pay bishop likes to givo a nod of approval or a frown of dis approval iu his ingenuity of mischief, his bloated majesty, and his pedantic smallness. To stir up strife, to exercise tyranny, to keep tho clergy in bondage and tho laity in igno rance, — in theso and similar labors ho expends his activity. IIo has a keen scent for heresy and orv rl hfIi nn nnf. -«Aofin ff !n ilin m ac f AfltAnc nepotism he is helping to keep tho Jews out of Parliament. He may vary all this with the Jesuitism of a Wilberforce or tho malign turbu lence of a Philpotts : — but this is a general typo from which thero is no very marked divergence. And is it not tragical that for crcatures of this sort, for the best way of making them comfortable in their toothless and octogenarian imbecility our Senato is agitated while millions of our countrymen arc perishing for lack of knowledge, and are thirsting for the religious food which no charitable hand offers them? Attic us. 