$elect EGales., THE SUBSTITUTE. In the autumn of 18-,.the town of - was placed under considerable sne painful exa vitament, by the rumour that Miss Bell, the niece of Mr. Bell, a retired and highly respect able fermer and grzier, had beaet murdercd. *This, aswful nfll appallieg news spread like wildfire; every family, every inhobilitet, en grossiog their constent interest and convresa tion with the dreadful circumstance-of murder. All enquiries but tended .to cetnfirm the awftul reality of the report, aetd bring to light circum stances correborative of the foul deed. The yountg lady, whiotseut melatichloly fate cast such a glooti and distress o0er the wsoleleown and neighbourhood, was sIte orptan daughter of a wealthy farmer, whoe hIid realised a con siderable fortune; and, dyitg, left tise whole enjoyment ol it to his oaily cluid-a lovely aetd interesting girl, then about ten years ols. As tbe tender andbhezaidounaege oalmis child ren <dered it imperative that site should be plhied under the protection of somne one in werose fidelity and protection a dytatg mue could place confidencee feelittg that he tees about to leave ber to the mercy of a deceitful end dangerous world-and calling to mind the death-bed itt junations of her departed mother, wviosne loss be had mourned but a few short years before Mr. Bell decided poan pacinhg thte io ortant trust in ike hatida of Itia ettly -brathlsr, ctesc residing in an adjoining strecm-and atweoso age and circumstances ellorded every enpectaticn of a faithful discharge of the great and maoment cus duties attached to such a situation. t Robert," said he, one day, nlteun Isis brotiter was sitting by lils bhd-side, 'I am about to leave you. L feel that tny strength declines day by day-evnry nigits lacreasee my anxiety and watchfulness-every moenlitg uahers ii sulfering and distress-my time in tiles world is very short-my life uncertain, even fur a day. Ihavee arranged my allaire, and settled overything in connection with timt; and I trust, Itobert, my hopes and anticipations are built opon a sure and certait fouedation for ter;nityt but; my dear brother, there is one subjet shich presses heavily upon my mintd, which engrosses more titan a prudent and proper portion of my dying mometits-ia is the fare of my darling Mary-my only child-but for her, Rhobert, this life svanid not retain one single attraction, one charm, or obligation; she is thu sole nndwonly link conneecieg this frail and tottering frame with this wvorld-nitd now that she is about to lose her only etay and prolection-about to have torn from her, her only friend and supporter-my heart yearns towards her with all a dyisg parent's fond nees; and 1feelat times na unwtolliagness to leave her-a determination not to give her up; but God's will be donel I must submit. In youe, Iobert, i place my only trust and confi dence, for-the protection of this child I Itave appoiuted you tty sole executor, and guarditni of my daughterl Into yourbhands, titerefore, I consign this last, this only, titis dying truet and ohl noburt, by the bontds of broiterhood -by the ties of affiction-hy the sympathies of humuanity-by the responsibilities of this life, nod by the awards of eternity-I beseech you, I conjure you, L warn you, to tidelity atrd truth. Guard well, this blessed, thise mportaet treasure. 'Be a father to the fatherlees-and a protector to the orphtan'-and a dying bro ther's benediction and blessitng be your re ward." The finol purpose of this life appeared to havo.been thus fulfilled, the only tie seererel, the last struggle vanquished; for, immediately he had fittouned speaking, the dyiig pareat raised his eyes towards the ceiling of the room, -clasjpel his halnds in an attitude of devotioii, and aclaemd lost to everything coeitttcted wvitih this life. He appeared waiting in silent ab etraction, the last eummousl The stilled emotirn afnRobkrt was slone pre ceptible; he continueil for sotne momeenrswith his eyes fixed upon the floor-adeatih-like esll nees pervaded the apartment, and everythitig bespoke the passing of a soul from out its earthly tabernaclo.-An internal and involun taryfueling of awe appeared to steal over tho frame oflnobert Bell at this moment, antd to recall him to the reality of his situation, hie looked up, and perceived that his brother was now no more- his spirit had fled with resign ing of the trust which alone detained it in its house oa bondage. Time passed on, and the youthful Mary in creraed in loveliness add attraction. Every care and watchfulness were cxorciscd on the part of her guardian; every trait of affection and graiitude. exemplilied in the charerier of his ward. Their mutual confidencenad esteem grew stronger with oecry succeedingyear, until aho verged on tite iitoresting period of her majority-her attainiug the age of twenty-one. About this time, from one of those trivial domestic dilferences, whirh occur, perhaps, in the best regulated families, an estrangement tooek place between Mr. Bell and his niece. liiary was led to look upon her uncle as an oppressor; she charged him with unfair inter ference, and would not brook his reproof. Words begat words; recrimination led to re crimination; until, at length, a perfect quarrel was the result. Ths servante overheard the disngreemetn: in a moment of unguarded cx citement, they htcnrd their master excltit, "You will never live to enjoy your property mind that." Tihe storm oventually bleso over, thle dis agreement seemed to subside, and things ep pemred to return to their former regtlarity. Mdcti few days hlad elapsed, however, before one morning, upon bliss Bell's maild entering her chamber to assilst at her toilet, sol was ar prised to find that hIer mnistress was not there, neilter had thie bed been occupied dluring tlhe night. She immediately gorave the alarm, end tile servants were all called: a dililgent scorch was instituted, every corner of the Iouse was ransacked, bat to no lurposo--thle fugitive was nowhere to be foud. ''The explres.sion of theo master during thie pirenvious quarrel 0now re curred to their minds; at tile time, they looked upon it as an ebullition of rage, an irri table, uninteltionsl threant; bt now, Ilnowever, they very natnlrlly associated it with the fiate of poor Miss Mary and what added to tlheir suspiclion, and gave force to thleir innaginntions, was thecrircumstance of Mr. Bell not rising at his acctstomd ilour. 'I'his morning i had not risen, nod whenl made acquainted of his niece's absence, he appeared confused and irri table, and never attempted to get up, or.render any asistteco. "Tell Dixon," said he, "to look well in tihe shrubbery and gardens, and I will be with you bye anti bye." Io was some time, however, in joining them, and embarrassed in his manner, whon referred to for instructions. A solemn and omninious feelilg prevailed over the swhlo household; each looked at his fellow-servant and mnoved oin in silence. The pursuint was given up as fruitless and unnecessary: sile hIadn gone-nano oo knew how, or whither!--and tile servants retnrned to tlhe honse, where gloomn andi distress prevailed. The nltf~tir was soon mnade hn;own, hIowever, throughout the town; tie authorities became acquainted with the circumstance, and a vigil ant officer nwas instructed to prosecnto tihe search; but all his cndcavonrs proved fruitless. Time rolled on; weeks and months elapsed without any tidings of the lost one. Sullspicion had always attached to Hr. RIobert Bell, tihe tnclo, and hIis demeanour since Iis niece's tle parture had been such as to foster that suspi dcion. He had become retired and reserved, but seldom left the house, and was remarked to avoid meeting any of his neighbours or friends, if by accident they came in his way. IIe sat much alone, and whe'n heo retired-to rest, was particular In securing thie door, together with other.peculiaritieso, whlich individunals labouring nndler a consciousness of guilt might be pre sutend to evince. Nothiing, however, tran spirenl to connect.limn with tile fate of tihe lamented Mliss Bell, and "dark sayings" alone attaeiod'to him,--nntil one evening, about fnourteen monthls subsequent to his .niece's de parture, wlhilst some labourers wore celployed in driving piles into the embankment of a retired strenam adjacent to tile town, a bonne' and shawl wesre found some feet below tihe surface. This excited the interest andl anxiety of tie men: they began to examine the sur rouunding soil, and soon came on parts of a lhumnu body-an arm, leg, trunk, and sntll. 'fits circnolstnnc was comunllnicnted to tihe coroner wvithlout delay, anti nn inqaest was held upon tihe remnains thie following nmornling. lnumour, witt her lundred tongues, immedi ately fixed upon IRobert Bell as the assassin, and these were thie evidences of his guilt come to light. Thie coroner, Ihowvrer, mnerely held lhi court upon thie portions of a hnnmnln skeleton found Ihen and tItere, andil inqired if any individunl could be found to identlify them. A medical gentleman gave it as his opinion that tile bones w ore those f a fenmalo about the ago of tw'entyone; but beyond this nothing could be ndvuneed to explain the mys tery; and thie verdict was accordingly an open A few days afterwards, however, a servantof Mr. Hohert Bell's, who resided witln him at tie time hIis niece was missing, came forwarnl and snwore to thie articles of apparel as belonging to tine little Miss Bell; thlnt thie bnnqtt was one which sine wore upt to the time of herndeparture, and that it had never been seen in tile house since. This circumstance rekindled suspicion, and tie inqnuiry was resumed; but thie coroner's alarming illness having occurred in thie mehn tinme, thie investigation was continued by thie mnagistrates, who immediately placed in thel Iandssof an ofileer, a warrant for the arrest if tile tunle. When the oflicer arrived to take him, Ihe found him sitting alone in thIe breakfast-room ; the repast untouched, he appeared dejected and taciturn, slnd when made ncquainted with thei nature of the charge, he madel no reply, nor attempted to interrupt the constable in tihe dischlarge of his duty, but was conveyed, witlh out offering tile slightest resistauce, to the oflice of tie clerk to the tmagistrates. Thie circumstances were altogether so un accountable-the long time he had resided in \- , the irreproachable cnmraeter Ihe had always borne, his necredited wealnh, his age, his hlabits, his peaceable and kind disposition, all conspired to involve the affaiir in mystery anti conjecture. Upon placing the prisoner before them, an involuntary feeling of horror seemed to take hold of all tine mngistratsc assemlsod, to almost every one of whom nhe was personally known: tle.probabnlility ofons so hiighly respected, so far placed beyond the suspicion of any motive, comnmiting tihe dread ful crime with whlich Ihe stood charged, appeared ertainly inexplicable. Tile witnesses were examined one by one; they spoke of the occurrence of the quarrel between Mr. Bell and his niece, and swore posi tively to his having said, "she should never live to enjoy her property." A solicitor, who at tended on behalnf of thie prisoner, used every artifice that craftr and ingenuity could devise to shake their evidence, but without effect. Thie servants remained firmn to their previous assertions; and tihe individual whio had sworn to tine bonnet and shawl, swore also to thia skull being that of Mary Bell, fromt thie circumnstance of tihat young lady hlaving nhad a peculiar tooth in the lower jow, on the left side, whlich pro jected into the mnuthl: a singular formation whlich the elxhumed body certainly possessed. After a lengtlhened and carefunl investigation thie evideisce fnlly authorised the wretched man's committal. 'Iho Chairmen of tie Benchl then addressed lhimself to tihe prisoner: Ihe alinledi to sis previous cnharacter andn position, and the entire absence of nll ossignable mnotivesfor his taking away tnle life of hIis niece-the chlild of his brother. "l am innocent," said Mr. Bell, in a firm voee.' " I an innocent of the chargo brought against me, so hIelp mne God, and I shall reserve my defence for another occasion, as I see you are detenrmined upna committing. me--upon taking awayy my chiiactcr, mny liberty, and pehlaips my life but, muarkl yo, gentlemen, upon your teads will ltll thie retribultion; you will be called on to answer for my destilny." Upon removing the unfortunate man from the office, the constable observed some stains of blood upon his clothes, and immediately in formed tie Bench; the nnnlks were examsined by the officers, and pronounced like blood marks. The Chairman of tho bench of magistrates, who lhad from thle irst evinced thie liveliest in torest in the prisoner's fate, intimateni that as tihe marks wero considered only as like blood stains, and no one appeared to speak with any precision, he would move, " That tihe circum stance should not be put diown against tihe pri soner until thie opinioal of a medical man was taken as to the nature of thie stains." In this way I became first associatecd with this unfortunate and mnelancholy traunsaction. Without delay I proceededi to examine tihe nature of tLo colouring matter, by all thie rce agents which chmlnistry has supliplied. I sub mitred a portion of thie clothes to thie action of the most delicato and undeviuting tests; hesi tated in conecluding, and tried again and again ; still the result was tie sname, tile evidence was conculusivo, blood vwas tIle cause of these stains, and I was compslled, howuever abhorant to my feolings, to report accordingly. From this moment his guilt was evident h(is fate certain; and amidstni the hisses aud exeerations of the assembled populace, thie unfortunate Robert Bell was escorted by a party of constables to prison. For thie following March Avssizes at -., I was sublxnedl to' give evidence; and norver shall I forget tie feeliugs with which I perused the dreadful mandate. It is at all times a deli cite and tryinug oocasion'for a medical man to appear in a wittness lo.e: exlperiece habs fully 1proved thlis; but ato ppar there to give tesi mtay ia I Ciase of lift nad death to stand perhaps thie arliter of the lilte of a wretehel and unhaplpy eliminal, charged with tile foulest and direst of crimes-the murder of a fellow creature-is the lost painfal aond otlerolls situatioa in which any man call lie placed ;- - certainly, it i may hle urged, that juitice must_ have its course, the guilty iiist be pliashed, the Law must he satisle.': nevertheless, lihen the yes or no alutcts tile liberty or perlhaps lila of a ncighliour and a ficend, the position is dreadfl--the duty is momenutols. In the present ease, however, the genernl evidence, al though ecircumstanutial, was so clear and tie cilsire, tlhat my testimony might be considered only as collateral, many reasons might have beetl advanced, for the appearance of tlhe stains; yet, had 1 prououunerd the marks noto blood drops, the circeumstanea might hive ill Itineted the supposition of his iunocence nega tirely. The direadfil dn at length arrived-thel day upon tile issue of which depended the lifo or liberty of poor Robert Bell. IThere he stoode the. very picture of dtistress ndl misery! sor row seemed to have shrivelled his features, and fitrrowvcd his countenance i-revlrery eye was directed towards himl--evrry car was hent in painful anxiety I -a breathlless silence pervaded the whole conrtl The indlictmient was then read ovrer:--Robert Bell stood lchargedtl with the wilful murder of Mary Bell, his niece. Upon the usual qulestion being asked by the Court, "guilty or not guilty?" the prisoner directed his eya toward the lJudge, anud an. swrered in a .firm ned collected mantner, "noet guilty, my lord I" This announcement occasionted a feeling of surprise andt indlignation lthrouglhoult the court, and it was with considerable diliculty I pre venuted myself from stepping forward anil beseching the wretchled iman to retract hIis plea -to admit his guilt--which was self-evildeit to all, and instead of adding falsehlood and perjury to his awful crime, to throw himtnself upon the mercy of the Court. IHe persisted, hlowever, inl his declaration, and the trial liroceeded in the uslual manner. T'ile counsel for the Crown madle a touching end convincing appeal to the jury; the wite nesses for the prosecution detailed minutely the revidence already given, and swore posl tively to every circumstanc advanced before the maigistrates, and more particularly to harv ing hccr1 thie plisoner say that his victim lthuld never live to enjoy hier property. I was called upon to testily to the nature of the stains found upon his clothes, anil the ease was one of tile most decided and best substattiiated eases of murdtler that ever rested upon circult stantial evidence. As the unfortunate man had previotsly de termlined ipon pleadingnotguilty, and appeared to entertain some legitimate expectatious of cstablishling Ils ilnnocence, no expense had been spared in procuring every requlisite for a successail defence. An eminent and leaditig barrister of the Northern Circut had beet re tained to plead his cause. 'The circumlstalnces, hloweverr, upon whichl the defence was to be groundled ,ere unknown to ally one save to the accused and his professional advisers. Upon rising to addlress the jury, the priso ner's eouusel observed, " That on no previous occasion had Ie undertaken tile ndvocaeyrof a cause of a similar inturoe nith so much conlidence andti satisfactioi. It was casto umary and natural, for one plnaced i a situation such as hie then occtpiedl, to feel keenly the great, tie awful rcspuonsibility of hlla positiona; and, in spite of every elftrt, to fear the issue of his endecavours; but with him, on the present occasion, ill doubt andl misgiving wvere eltirely out of the question, for, althougli hlie stood beflbre them to advocate the cause of one charged withl the foulest and most ab horrent crime over perpetrated by man, and altlhough his learnedtl ftlod had apparently es tallished the guit of his clientt heyond tile shadlow of a doubt, by a multiplicity of evi dlonce; and notwithstmandiug every circum-n stance in connectiIn witli tldis unfortunate transaction seellcl to corrobornto the plisorlcr's guilt, anld redler ally attcllenpt even at palliation, abortive, yet, strange as the as sertion miight aplpear, he felt confident of success;- he anticipated a verdict of acquittal-and not by solphistry or special pleading-not by bullying anud trou heatiiC g not by an uppeal to the passions of the Jury tnot by thu plea of insanity-nol but by the only witness lwho was able to establish the in inocenee of his client, aid frustrate the vile, thb mnlignant, the murderous designs of those who had conspired against thie clharacter, tile rcpu tation, the liberty, yea, the life of an innoceve and honorable individual, by placing before them the viclimn of his pretended crime. Yes, gentlemen," oaid he, " t'hen yeou see iMary Bell, the young lady herself, who is reported to have beent so cruelly murdlered--when you hear from her own lips the explanation of this mysltery-- when I place before your eyes the very person whaose lifo is said to have been taken away-whelen I produlce the individual whose blood is said to cry from the garments of the prisoner-hlier lturdnererl--and when by the evidence of your own senses you are con vinced that there is no deception-no ghost or spectral illusioln-- ut tile identical body, alive aud warmn, vlwhichl youe have been led to believe is now mouldering in the gravel-wheu you encounter those brilliant and expressive eyes, whiech shed lustre on all aroundl-as brilliant, and pure, and enchanting, as when last seen bIy those who are now for ever set ill deathl--wvhen you hear those impassioned ac cents which so peculiarly characterised tile lovely, tile ncconplisted daughter of the late George Bell--when youn trace thie lincealents of her lamented parent with whelon mnost of you have been famtiliur, in this Ilis only child-yes, gentlemen, I repeat, whlen you see with your eyes, nld hear withl your cars, thile triumphant refutation of every evidence whlichl my learned friend has trumped utip to establish the prisoner's guilt!--when statds confronted withll the base and cowardly traducers of a blamueless chlla racter, thie only person who can disprove their assertions, and fltsily their onthls!--need I can I-feel the slighitest doubt respecting your decisiol, or for oo nlOl muomeut Ilesitato to leave tmy client's cause in your hands?' Mary Bell then stood forvard. Confusion and dismay seemned ,W seize upon every one cotneeted with the prosecution: tihe witnesses sceuned co;foounded-the counsel chagrined and thie whole court sympathiscd with the unfortunto acncused l The servants of her late father, to whom sh1e was kno,'nt, together withl those of her uicle, were called upon to testify to her identity. Tlhey hIesitated inot for one ilomcnt to declare her Mary Bell. 'Ihoey evinced no misgivings no doubts: it wtos she-it was their nlate mis tress; iand never shall I forget the exccitement which prevailed. Even the butler, Dixon, who had been the most positive of liher flte, and urfgent for his master's punishment, was the first to break tli bonds of restraint ithposed upon his position, ond exclaiUm, "It is lMiss Mulryl it is Miss .Mary!" The whole court was taken by storm. Tihe audience murmured their satisfa'ction andil sym pathy; the bar acquiesced in the confidence aidl tact of their learned brotther, uand tlhe Juge evilrnced the strongest emotion. 'lile excitemne t watts ut its Iheight, when a sudden ecreoch dlirectetd crery eye to the witness-iox--LMary Bell had fahited awuay. "L 'oar creUIturd' nnrmuCred overy oellU "no wonder tlhat her feelihgs should overcomne heerl -no wonder that the effort should have proved too much for her delicate frmoel It vas a painful-a trying occasion for her." A feaw molmenls afterwards, a person was observed in conversation willd the couuscl for the prosecution. lio immedittely rose, and said, "ln move, my lord, that the trial be post poned, or the'jury suspended. I am in a posi tion to estublish my case, and prove the guilt of the uccused by thie dhrkest and most dell berate perjury. 'lThait yotung rwonn, my lord, is lot alury Bell, thie niece of the prionmer, but a substiltutle-a persen wieho hItes been inducedl to come forward and perjure herself; to compro mise her clharacter and liberly, for the purpose of shielding a guilty otfnlder--a murdreer from thie avenging hand ofjustico." lThe witness was recalled, when she frankly confessed that she was anl imposor; thlie her name was ccrtanilly lMary Bell, but that shl had neither any knowledge of, nor connection with the tfanily of George and IHohlet Iell; thalt upon her similaritvlto Miss Bell lbeing dlis cveredl, an offer nwas nmade that ishe was to becomi the acknoek wledged niece of the plrisoner, and sneceetd to the furtaeno aand position of the late Miss Bell, on condition of her becomning a substitutlle. This dlisclosure at once conilrmed the pri sone's double lguilt, and signed his " death warrant." lThe jrc?, without a moment's con sideration, brongh~l in a verdict of "guilty," and the wretched lman vwas execelted oil tile IMolnday morning followiong-protcstiiig, to thle last moment of his cxistence, in his inlsocencc, and declaring himself a imurdered man. lie was lillowed to thie scafild by an outraged and acenging populace, wnho beset witli groans and execrations his expiring momoents, and would save wreaked their retributionl upon his pitiable remiins, but for the just interferoence of the authoritius. T'he piroplerty belonging to tie lamented George hell went to a dlistant relation, the hleir-at-law, of the name of Liell; and thus the patnrimony intended for the enjoysment of the beatliflil and accomplished Mary, becamo tile property o0 one in nio way allied, either in chlarnacter or disposition. The house lately coupiled by tile miserable Robert and his ill. fteild siece was pusllinig dorn, no one having the Ihardiloiod to reside tlherein. Tile present proprietor lived in a small cot tage, attended bIy a single doiestic--an infnrm servant, or kiindl of conmpanion-and spunt her time ahnost oexclusively in conning over her riches anti possessions, in thle company of a few poor and nieedy neiglibours, amongst whom she reigned supreme. Not two years hlad elapsed, lhowever, since shie took possession of her wvealtl, whlun the town of - was thrown into confusion and xecitelment as extremo as when it was first reported thal t Miss Iell had Ibeei murdered. A married couple, with one child, hod takenl up their residence at the Thro Tuns Ien; and it was quickly rmoured tihat thle female was tile identical Mary Bell, who was considered to have been smurdered, and for whlose life her unhappy uncle had paid the awfill penalty of the gallouws. Upon inquiry it turned out but too true-it was indeed Mary Bell. It ap peared that tihe disagreement with her uncle lhad Ieen a sosrco of such annoyance and regret, that she detcraminsed upon leanvinig his roof, and seeking protection elsewhere; and, in conformity with this determination, she lef th le house one night, after tile filmily had retired to rest. Scarcely, hlowever, hadi slhreachled thb end of thle first street, before her Ilighlt was aslddenly arrested by encounater ing a person standing against a doorway. 'The meeting was so unexpectedl, that sile lost all self-psossessionl, andi her enlmbarrassmncn andl eonfasion beesmo so immediately apparent, thast tile stranger prolffered hIis arns to pirevent her fislling, anid then olfelred her his assistance, whichl , under the circumstansl ces, was gladly cceptedl. Hler oblject being at once divulgnel, off they both started, they knese not whithelr, andi travelled under corer of thle darkness for several suiles. Aflier rellecting upon the peculiarity of leer sitoation, and feeling her return hlome now utterly inmpossible, she consented to become the wife of hler new ncquailtancce. At lengthl they narrived at a placeolfsupposed safety, anti after remaining the rcquisite time, they were married; and laving abandoned all intention of returning homne, they ldependcled upon hIis employment, which was tlhat of a flax-dresser, tbr ospport, until a scarcity of workc, and.the birth of' a elhild, indluced tle wandering lMary to decidio upon returaing to claim hler forfeited possessions. Ti?le circlmnstanecs connected with her de partnre sice never Ieamo acquainted with until her return; and the agony and distress whichl her uncle's mcielasclholy fete occasiolled, mlsy be more readily iaaiginled thlan discrilbed. d3ifllee it to say, that thle miserable and mis guided man, lunder thle impressioln that Ilis inelce was really dend, and that susoision fell so hIeavily upon hin as to iplace his life ia jeo pardy, was idsiceed to resort to tile remnnknbln stratagem already described. HIe sought out one simsilar to his lamIented niece in every par ticular ; and havinig found a young perso so strikingly like Mary Bell, as to defy thle most rigid scrutiny, hle adlopted tile nfortunaato arti liee which occasioned his ruin;--he procured "a substitute," and that substitute cost him his life. 