\- SijeiETY "N"HONOLTJEtrr - (Frorii tho Polynesian, Ootobor 0.) We aie. amusBU sometimes to observe In om oxchanges from California, a hybrid feeling — half pity,;li'alf iontempt— exhibited towards us islandors, ; bccauso our communitv bos so few topics of oxoitemont.with whioh to fill its news papers. Tiiey ovido'ntly sot us' down as d peo ple existing in the nudBt : of a sunny stagna tion. Arid so wo are to a cortdin extent. The year in Honolulu is marked by two evonts ; tlio meeting of the' Legislature and tho arrival of the whale-ships'; and, please goodness,/ bo- fore long, every 'alternate .twelve-months. will have to trust to tho " fishing-smaolts" alono for variety. Murder, arson, embezzlement, . rape", 'steamboat explosions,' Indian massaores, starvation, . and in a word, all. the items of in terest with which ,tho ponny-a-liners supply .tlio press in largo oities, soon become neces sary to tbo readers of such stimulating mat ter. A quiet paper,, like ours for. instance, must seem to a Califoruian as insipid as acold -shoulder of mutton or fillet of veal to an Indian palate, , accustomed to nothing- less seasoned than riiiillngatawriy soup. It is a great fact that 'wo arc the quietest, safest, coziest peoplo in the world. .The police aro very little wanted, exoepting in tlie ports where' /shipping resort ; tho country constables amuse themselves by making thoir own em ployment—would it wore of ' a worthier do- scrinfcion !— .n.ml WA tintrn nflnn onnn it rlictmnt justice. gloat over a caso, and sit. down evi dently to enjoy and make the rnost of it. Men,' women and children walk; :and ride across the- wide plains by night, fearing nothing but ghosts. Peoplo sleop with open- doors and windows, and if thoy startle in tho dark, it is, withtho idea there is a cat in tho room— tho thought of a thiol' or' assassin is not tho first to enter. their heads. A/ consignment of Colt's revolvers and bowie-kuives would bo thrown away upon us. - Nevertheless, one gets accus tomed to this state of security, and manages to put up with it. , " An air of ropose infocts even the govern, mout, and the consequence naturally is that none of our public functionaries are hull fussy enough. Thoy do not look- so haggard and care- worn; as might ho expected. Tlioro is nothing in their mnnner that speaks of deep intrigues and Ultimatums. Wo aro half ashamed to coufcsB that, at present tho helm of state lias been lashed and tlio vessel almost loft to steor liefsolf. Where is his Majesty ? In Hawaii, on an excursion, and no doubt as happy as the lowest' domestic in his train. Where is tho Kriliina Nui ? She also is away from the seat of, government, and -beforo : this time has probably joined the King. Where is the Minister of tlio Interior? With the King on Hawaii. Where is ; tho Governor of On It 1 1 9 WaII -flla riairasnall ap lYnltll liaa monn along with the' King. And now lot u's ask about peeplo nearer home. Where is the Prince -this morning? Gone to ICoolau Whoro is the Minister of I-'inanco ? Ho loft with the Prince. Where is the head of that great ougine tho government pi-ess ? Oil the other sido af the Island. The President of tlio Board of Education? Oil Maui. What a state of tilings'. And yot tho business of go vernment is being conducted with porfoct re gularity by tbo officials in charge. As for our politicians they are gono to sleop altogether. There isn't ono' good' grumbler amongst them. Theanexationistsarenolongor n party." The old committee of thirteen, if it be in existence, sees no need to denounce another minister. Twenty stump orators could not get up' an excitement; 'And, most wonder ful fact- of all in the-eyos of. our Californian friends,-- there is no opposition paper. In view of all these things it becomes our duty to warn all persons to whom excitement is the one tiling needful, to keep away from monotonous Hawaii. It is a fact hardly ap preciable abroad that people after residing here for a whilo become to moutally debilita ted os to find their greatest ploasure in quietly regulating their businoss transactions, whilst others onjoy a lazy satisfaction in soeing thoir sugar arid coffee plantations flourish, their flocks and herds improro and the trees and plants about their houses grow into a pretty shade for their children to play under. Mean! 