LAUNCESTON EXAMINER, Thursday, February 28, 1856. ABORIGINES. The early colonistis of America had to contend with two formidable difficulties from which the island is now happily exempt. These were, the boundaries of the separate states-a subject of pro-. tracted dispute, and the hostility of the natives whose territories were invaded, and who resented the occupation of their hunting grounds by sanguinary vengeance. Our insular position is indisputable; the ocean defines the limits of Tasmania, and the aboriginal question has been solved by the col lection of the blacks into one spot, and whose numbers diminish every year. The dozen or so that remain are only objects of curiosity, and will soon dis appear from the sight of the ethonologist. It is somewhat different on the Aus- tralian continet. The line of domarca tion between Victoria, South Aus tralia, and New South Wales is settled, and not likely to be disturbed by cavil. When the northtern district of Moreton Bay becomes independent, the southern boundary will, no doubt, be carefully described. But in each of these regions there is a large native population, who at times are troublesome; and though they dwindle away before the "pale face," there are dlfficulties and duties incident to their existence which the settlers there cannot with impunity disregard. It is, doubtless, the duty of the British to civilize and christianise those they have dispossessed of the soil, and it is incumbent on the respective governments to make amnple provision for the material comfort of all aborigines who claim it. We fear their past treatment will not bear close scrutiny. They have too frequently been shot down like wild beasts by barbarous stockmen, sometimes in self defence, but not unfrequently in wanton malice. The European has generally been the aggressor, and if retaliation has been indiscriminate, and the innocent have suffered, it should be recollected that the aboriginal was less able to discriminate the guilty among immigrants, than the latter to distinguish the cul pable among a "mob" of natives. We have been favored with a report laid before the Moreton Bay Aborigines Friends' Society of a journey along the Condamine, Barwan, and Namoi Rivers, by William Ridley, missionary. It is an interesting paper. He left Brisbane on 21st July, and returned on 18th November. In the interval he travelled 1850 miles, and observed the injunction "as ye go preach." He had services at settlers' stations, addressed the aborigines in their own tongue when he could, and distributed tracts in the native language whenever suitable opportunities presented themselves. The following extracts are worth perusal : As most of the aborigines are quick at learn ing the letters (though they have no alphabet of their own), I prepare and distribute among them, whenever I visit them, small spelling books or tracts containing their own words in English characters. These tracts containing a brief statement of creation, of man's sin. of God's anger at sin, and of Christ's interposition on the behalf of sinners. The name "Im manuel" is used because few aborigines can sound the letter S, while a word ending in a liquid, having Indeed no consonant but liquids, is quite In accordance with the smooth sound of their usual speech ; and because "Immanuel" is a word which I can literally translate into the aborigitnl language, al 1 could not at present do with the names "Jesus" and "Chrlist" (" ngeane.konda-Baiamo" in Kamilarol means "with us-God"). I prepared and distributed at Moggil 6 tracts in Turrubul. On the road to Warwick, on the 26th, I met an aboriginal native of the Hunter River district who had been to Scotland. IHe speaks both both English and Gaelic .with great accuracy and fluency, and can read and write the former : but he said he had forgotten his mother-tongue. The family or clan names at Moreton Bay are" Bandur, Bundar, Barano , and Derovain, with thu corresponding feminine names "Ban dune, Bundarun,Barangun' and Derwaingun." Every aboriginal native of Moreton DBay bears one of these names; nil brothers hiave the samte, and all sisters have a name corresponding to their brothers s the sisters of tander being all Bandurun, and so on. The names of the Kamilaroi-speaking blacks and surrounding tribes, are " Ippai, Murri, Kubbi, and Kumbo;" and the feminine names " Ipata, Mata, Kapota, Buta." These names are the means of a comprehensive classification of the people on which are based definite and unalterable rules of marriage and descent. One cannot help thinking that this classification and the laws based upon it, were the invention of sagacious and comparatively civiliscd men among the remote forefathers of this savage At Surat and Yambukal, a mile lower down, I found twenty-five aborigines who understood my Kamilaroi, and after a time became attentive and communicative. Two young black-fellows began in earnest to learn to read the tracts which I had prepared and illustrated with paintings for them. As they had been taught by the stockmen to distinguish the brands of cattle, they were then more ready at learning ithe letters. And when, after a few mistakes, they found themselves able to distinguish correctly one letter from another,it was pleasing to observe the glow of satisfaction expressed in their coun tenances. We arrived early that day at Wirabun, 15 miles below Surat ; where a dozen aborigines, having heard that a white man was coming who could speak their language, came up to the hut as soon ts they saw me, and listened very at tentively to my discourse. Among their party was a grey- headed blind man. Although the lot of a blind and aged savage might be deemed cheerless, this old man's countenance, bright with smiles, seemed as if no evil passians or melancholy ever beclouded it. I spent the evening in attempting to explain to them the elements of Gospel truth. When, after speaking of the ascension of the Redeemer, I said "he will come again ;" one of them instantly inquired, " when will he come ?" The river which higher up bears the name " Condamine" (in honour of M. de la Conda mine, aid-de-camp of Governor Darling) re tains here the native name "Balun" (Baloon). From Surat down to Kui (100 miles) It is a fine broad stream, abounding in fisb, one species of which (cod) frequently attains to 40olbs weight. 'There is a very large extent of country which squatting enterprize has for years occupled, but to which Christian zeal has not yet sent out messengers of the glad tidings. I must say that I was received at every statio on the Balun with kind hospitality, and heard with respectful attention. The question then arises, whether It Is not the duty of the Government, on assuming the ownership of thie land by granting licenses to occupy it, to see that the human beings who have been wont to get their living off the land thus taken up, have at least a supply of food provided for them equal to that of which they are deprived by the introdouction of the lieense holder ? One poor fellow on the Mooni addressed me In a long and pathetic harangue on the wrongs which his people have suffered at the hands of the white mens; and urged upon me, as I had been telling the blackfellows not to do evil, to go round and tell the white men not to wrong the blacks, especially not to take away their gins. The Kamilaroi spelling books with pictures s of kangaroos, &c.;, which I distributed, weee apparently much prized; more that one of these blacks belig already well acquainted with the English alphuaet. At Burudtha, on the Barwon, I met a company of 40 blacks engaged in a ceresony in which amusesnentt was combined with some mystical purpose, A chorus of 20, old and young, were singing and beating time with booomerangs. Though tle words and notes of their songs are few, six or eight words with three or four variations of the same nnumber of notes being repeated for hours, they observe very correct time and harmony. There were a dozen more looking on. Suddenly, from under a sheet of bark darted a man wiith his body whitened by pipeclay, his head and face colored with line s of red and yellow. and a tuft of feathers fixed by means of a stick two feet above the crown of his head. He stood twenty minutes per fectly still, gazing upwards. An aboriginal who stood by told me he was looking for the ghosts of dead men. At last he began to move very slowly, and soon rushed to and fro at full speed, florishing a branch as if to drive away some foes invisible to us. Whten I thought his pantomime must be almost over, ten more, similarly adorned, ap peared from behind the trees, and the whtle party joined in a brisk conflict with their mys terinous assailants. The music waxed louder as, now and tthen, the actors camo stamping up to the choir; and at last, alifter somec rapid evolutions in which they put forth all their strength, they rested from the exciting toil which they had kept up all night and for some hours after sunrise. They seemed satisfiedt that the ghosts were driven away for twelve months. They were performing the same ceremony at every station along thie river ; and am told it is an annual custom. When their excitement had somewhat sub sided, I went round to the several groups to tell them of the only T'rue Deliverer from evil demons, antd from "sin, the source of mortal woe." In my way up the Namoi, I met a black follow from the Barwan, who had several times heard me speak of religion : who, as I was passing, followed me out of hearing of his companions, and then told me that a white man on the Carwan had taken away his wife. He asked me to write and threaten the offender that I would send the constables after him if he did not restore her ; and added, in conclusion, as if this seemed to him the most powerful argument, "you tell him the great Master in heaven is very angry with him about it." In church at Murrundi on the Sabbath, I observed an aboriginal who regurlarly attends on thle ministry of the Rev. A. Black, and has attained to some understand ing of Christlan doctrine. This man's native tongue is Kamilaroi, and he furnished tile with a very important and satisfietory con firmation ofa phrase I had employed. One of the most important problems I had to solve in conveying the elements of truth to the aborigines was, how to describe sin. After much thought I adopted for this purpose these words: "nigeane kanungo warawara yanant, ngeane kanuttntgo kagil gini" (literally, we all crooked have gone, we all bad are become). When I repeated these words to the aboriginal at Murrurundi, and asked him to tell my friend what they meant in English, he replied at once "we all have sinned." F. T. Rusden, Esq., of Lindsay, has twenty aborigines regulary employed on his run, some of them engaged by written agreements. He spoke in high terms of their trustworthiness and usefulness. Mr. Rusden showed me one of my printed Kamilarol tracts, which he had read to the blacks, and interlined with notes of varia tious in dialect He said the aborigines under stood the scripture narratives, and listened with interest to them. Wherever I have conversed with the aborig ines, I find they have definite traditions con cerning supernatural beings. On the Barwan and Namoi, they say there is one Being who made all things, whom they never saw, though they hear his voice in thunder. They speak of him by the name "Baiame" and those who have learnt that " God" is the name by which we speak of the Creator, say that "Baiame is God." 