"JUSTICE'S JUSTICE." Fo the Editor of the Argua. Sir,—My attention has been directed to se- veral articles in the public paper» in which icflections are cast upon Captain Viguolles for the course he adopted in the case of the Queen v. Francis, a party charged with horse stealing some time since at the Ballaarat Police Court. So long as this remainod a mere matter of newspaper discussion I re- frained from taking any notice whatever of it,' but as it appears Mr. Humfiray has brought the case before the Legislative Coun- cil. I feel myself called upon, in justice, not only to Captain Vignolles, but to Mr. Francis, my client, to state the facts as they really occurred. Mr. Francis, as I before said, is my client, and I beg to state that the case, so far as he is concerned, has been most grossly mis represented. It is stated that, the case having been called on, and it having been ascertained that the horse in question was dead, therefore Captain Vignolles dismissed the case, stating that Mr. Francis might as well he accused of murdering a ghost. Now the facts are simply these :-Mr. Fran- cis was charged with stealing a horse branded with certain blands. The party who lost the horse had never seen him from the time he was lost, The borse boing dead, could not bo produced for the purpose of identification, and therefore there was no proof that the horse lost and the one over which Mr. Francis claimed ownership was one and the same animal. As to the exhumation of the horse, I never heard of it until I saw a letter, signed A.B.C., in your journal. I bud the receipt in my hands for the horse which Mr. Francis sold : and I had Mr. C. Barnes, proprietor of the Family Hotel, St. Kilda, (who witnessed the receipt, and who actually lent Mr. Francis part of the money to pay for the horse,) in court to show the absurdity of the charge on the part of the Crown. As counsel for Mr Francis, I stated this at the bar, in open court, to Cap sain Vignolles, and it was after he was aware of these facts that be dismissed-and, in my opinion most properly dismissed-the case. It is unfair tovvaids Mr. Francis to be hold- ing up his name to public notice after his honorable discharge at Ballaarat. But those ?who seem so anxious for the proper admini- stration of justice should know this,-that my client lives at St. Kilda, wdiere he is to be found any day throughout the year; and that 3, on his behalf, challenge the Crown to try the question, by having bim again arrested. If this be not done, let us hear no more of murdering a ghost. With reference to the other case-of the woman who was sentenced by Captain Vig- nolles to six months' imprisonment, and which appears to have enlisted Bo largo a 'fdiaie of public sympathy, I beg to state that I have known her for some months to be a notorious drunkaid, anel a common nuisance .upon the diggings ; that upon the very day before she was sentenced to six months she .was discharged at eleven o'clock in the morn- ing by Captain Vignolles, with a cnution, and an hour or so afterwards she was again brought up upon a similar charge of drunk- enness. I can produce fifty people on Ballaa- rat to certify that she has been a common vagrant both here and at Bendigo. " I am, Sir, your obedient servant, JOSEPH HENRY DUNNE, Counsel for Mr, Francis. Golden Fleece Hotel, Ballaaiat, 23rd January, 1856. 