OPENING OF THE CHAPEL 07 OUR-LA.DY, IN THE CATHEDRAL OF ST. FRANCIS, MELBOURNE. Twelve months gone yesterday, th 5 foundations of the Cliapel dedicated in honor of the -S vcred Heart of Mary, werelaid 011 tho Elizabeth strait side of the Cathedral of St Francis. Since that period, the build ing ha3 only mvdo such progress as the amount of the contributions warranted, and has occupied more time in arriving at its present state of completeness than was at all necessary from the mero extent of tho works. It is now, however, so far advanced as to In entirely fitted for ordinary uses, aud the anniversary ol its foundation glial been, appropriately chosen a* ita day of opening. The Chapel lias bean built out of the west side of the nave of the original building, and not only form3 a very picturesque break to tho outline of the exterior, but imparts an air of completeness, aud extent to the interior, ill both of which particulars it was previ ously somewhat deficient. ? Tiie building is of brick throughout, upon a concrete foundation, arid has been erected by Messrs. Fortune and Glynn, after designs by Messrs. George and Schneider, the architects. Within, the building measures forty by nineteen feet. The style adopted, is the Decorated Eaglish. Tlio walls are well supported, exteriorly by buttresses, and pierced with four lancet lights 011 either side, each divided by a mullion, supporting stone tracery varied in each window. The' extremity of the building i3 pierced with a circular or rose window immediately above the statue of the Virgin and child. The rooi is groined, carefully plastered throughout, and painted with the symbols and colors of Onr Li ly. In that part of the roof, immediately over the Sanctuary, the ground work is of a ' r^;h blue powdered wiwli stais. In tho three oxtremc compartments are represented th'j Coronation of tlia V it-gin, iu thoso adjoining nro depleted Ilia other attributes of Our Lady, viz., the Star of tha &», the Rosary wi'ii tin b-jxpular, and the Monogram of Mary. Ia the eoiilr?, over the binder, w to bs ' a. rJ!I: j- ti - 1 ' u'.' tho r.ici'jd h^art of the ]3iOw2-d Virgin, 12. honor of \vlildi the'chif-cd ia dedicated,. in unison with tlic Sodality c 'itriblisbcd at Parki. Tlio wmc-i are at present unoccupied, are to be filled witli stained glass procured from the works of Ilardman, of Bir mingham. The subjects will display the various fea tures in tho history of the 'Virgin, and have scripture texts over head as follow : — Commencing at the altar on the Gospel side we have — 1. Tiie Immaculate Conception — 'Hail! conceived without sin.' 2. The Annunciation — 'My beloved to me and I to him.' 3\. Tlio Espousals of the Blessed Virgin — ' Now all good things came to 1110 together with her.' 4. Tho Nativity — 'And he that mado me rested in my tabernacle.' On the Epistle side : — 1. The Assump tion — ' Come my spouse, thou slialt ha crowncd.' 2\. The Crucifixion — ' Is there any sorrow like unto my sorrow.' 3. The Marriage Feast at Cana in Galileo — ' His mother saitli uuto him there is 110 wine/' 4 . Christ teaching in tho Temple — ' And entering they found the.clrH with Mary his mother.' Tho centre window over the shrine, which in conse quence of its peculiar position is circular and of smaller dimensions than the rest, is to contain the Descent of the Holy Ghost. The motto — ' Refuge to Sinners.' At present this window, 03 well as the tracery of all the rest, are filled with plain stained glass, the light cast from which assorts v-;ry agreeably with the richly tinted roof. The piers, which at present arc quite plain, are ultimately to be decoratcd with cruciform aud other ecclesiastical ornaments. The ribs of the groining are richly picked in with color and gilding, and stars of the same metal are sprinkled over the adjoining azure surface. The whole of the decora tions have been most ably executed by Mr Souter, formerly manager of such matters for the late celebra ted architect, A. Welby Pugin. Mr Souter it maybo proper further to mention, when iu England, wa3 principally engaged in the decoration of the churches of Oscott, in Warwickshire, and Woodchester, in Gloucestershire. At shoulder height there is a portion of the wall bounded. by rich mouldings on either side, intended to contain the Magni'jia t, richly illumina ted iu gold and colors. Beneath this tho wall is pa nelled with cedar, carved in the style of tho rest of the structure. The floor is intended to bo laid with on caustic tiles, which are now on tho way from England, as also a screen, curiously wrought in brass, and in tended for tho entrance of the chapel. The arch com municating with the nave of tho building is of very elegant form, and very greatlv improves the general effect of the interior. The altar now remains to bo described. At present it is merely in temporary form, as it is ultimataly in tended to bring one from Italy of Carrara marble. At the summit is placed tho beautiful statue of the Virgin and Child, sculptured by HerrTodt expressly for the purpose. The figures are most artistically treated, and stand beneath an arched niche in the wall. The crown of the Virgin is gilt. Tho foot of the altar was gracefully decorated with lace and wreaths of flowers. On the summit wero placed pots of cut flowers, presen ted by the ladies of the congregation, aud arranged in the most tasteful manner by Mrs Harris, to whom, wo believe, we may attribute the decorations of the altar generally. O11 the pedestal, about the figure, and 011 the floor, were placed not less than one hundred and twenty candles. The whole was overtopped by the figure of the Virgin, five feet and a half in height, forming a beautiful pyramidal composition. The can dles were all lighted during the benediction. The intended ceremony having been announced to take place at eleven o'clock, tho church was densely thronged at that hour. The congregation was chieflv composed of ladies. A few minutes after eleven the pro cession entered the church from tho vestry, and passing out of the western door, made the circuit, and re-entered on the other side directly opposite the chapel, in the following order. First came a cross-bearer with acolytes carrying lighted candlcs. These wero suc ceeded by twenty little maidens dressed in white, and with wliito veils over their heads, all bearing tall stalks of full-blown wdiite lilies, the emblem of the virgin. Next followed forty more, similarly attired, having wreaths of flowers and bearing lighted tapers, and preceded by a banner, on which was depicted the heart of Mary. Two little boys with baskets engaged in strewing flowers followed. In succession came the holy water carriers, and incenac burners; then followed the church clergy, attired in their white robes, and the jiishop similarly invested, and bearing his mitre and pastoral staff. The train-bearers and the chaplain closed the procession. The church clergy and the members of the pro selves along the walls in duo order, presented a most interesting and picturesque spectacle. Tho candlcs were fully lighted during the blessing of the statue. The congregation eager to witness the ceremony nearly blocked tip tho way, and it was with difficulty that the procession could again emerge. Proceeding across the nave, they re-entered at the high altar, when a pontificial high mass was sung, and a sermon preached suitable to the occasion, by the Rev D. Mo E vcy. At tho conclusion of this, the procession reformed and traversing the same ground as before, again entered the chapel, for the purpose of completing the ceremony of benediction. A collection was made in behalf of tho building expenses, which we believe realised a considerable sum. The credit of having originated tills beautiful structure, and carried it to so successful a conclusion, is due to the Rev D. McEvey, who this day had the satisfaction of seeing its inauguration. The music performed on this occasion, was selections from Haydn's Masses, 2 and 3, and the Alma Virgo of Humnel. Mr Wilkinson, was organist on the oc- casion. In the evening there was a second service, when the chapel was fully lighted. Tho cffcct from tho nave was magnificent. 