ffl i n i n q . As our mining operations progress, fresh complications arise, and the necessity for additional regulations, or a glossary of explanations to expound and adapt the old, becomes apparent. The notable clause, No. 7, is acknowledged to be defective; but how to remedy it seems to be a difficulty insurmountable under the existing Gold Fields' Act. The Supreme Court has settled the point, as in the case we quoted last week; and there seems to be nothing for us but a patient waiting until our new Parliament meets, when a new act must be obtained, conferring larger powers than those at present possessed by our local legislature Clause 31 should have included the power of granting to companies extensive claims upon ihe simple condition of complying with the letter of the clause, and keeping one man for every twenty feet of vein. The present limitation of grant is not enough to induce capitalists to engage in working our quartz reefs ; a large area, involving, or giving the opportunity of securing large returns, being necessary to make this branoh of mining enterprise sufficiently attractive. Then the surveyors on the various leads are continually getting into quandaries about some knotty difficulty, raised by some new juncture of affairs: end each one indulges himself iu taking an independent view of his position and powers. Ther^ is Mr OMalley in a peck o' trouble on the Terrible, because a lot of shareholders, who had gone away after registration, have recently returned to claim their shares, which others, just come in before them, also declare their intention to stick to. Now if the old claimants had been simply registered, and had not their claims " marked" and in "possession," as per clause 34, how will the matter stand ? If they had not been summoned to assemble and go down, Can their registration be made void by the arrival on the ground of new claimants ? It has been the practice to register a long way ahead, the parties waiting to be called on to go down; and according to this custom it would not be fair to dispossess any man, save for non-attention when called to join his party and proceed with the work. The Surveyor on the Miners' Right Lead, Mr Walton, has some little difficulty with the committee there because he objects to the plan of unlimited registration and haphazard sinking. This gentleman objects to set off parrallels from every fresh bend in the fitter, and proposes instead to lay of only some half dozen or so from the last ascertained position of the gutter ; by which means he contends that much unnecessary surveying will be prevented, and men be saved from useless labor, and from bringing their families to a part of the field which may prove eventually to be a very long way from the actual locality of the gutter. Mr Walton proposes that his list shall be regarded as a kind of conditional registration; and as the parties for actual working are made up, these applicants be summoned by advertisement in the order in which they stand on the list of applicants for registration. NEW GROUND.—There has been a rush to the White Flat, at the bottom of the hill, where the gaol stockake is heing erected. The first sinking was only fourteen feet, and some of the single'claims turned out from four to six ounces. One party, nearer to the north side of the hill, have sunk 40 feet, and come upon black clay. They went down with a round shaft at first, but the water has bothered them, and they are now sinking a regular shaft and slabbing. The forty feet shaft coming upon black clay has led the men working there to fancy there is a lead to be hit in that locality, and a meeting has been held, but nothing of moment was resolved on, so far as we have yet ascertained. The Nightingale prospectors have not landed yet. There are seven claims altogether going down, the first of which, namely the original prospecting party under the hill, is down about 138 feet. FBENCHMAK'S.—This is the ground for trying the patience and the pockets of the miners. Rock, water, and shaft after shaft, occupying the miners week after week, month after month, make up a most exhausting process. So far has this been proved under the plans of working hitherto adopted, that it is computed the line will scarcely pay more than wages, and very moderate wages too. No 1 have cleared out, and the " Twelve Apostles" are now using their trum for running down their wash dirt to the creek. Two or three other parties are also washing up, while yet working their claims; but from the information given us the yield, compared with the expences incurred, is far from satisfactory. WHITE HORSE.—This lead is paying better than Frenchman's, both in respect of the actual yield of gold, and the expense of working ; the men on this lead having been fortunate hitherto in going down nearer the gutter. The highest number as yet bottomed is 22, and the party have a drive of some 100 feet already put in out of about 150 supposed distance of gutter. Claims 12 and 15, the last in the deep ground, are turning out very well. An accident happened here yesterday (Wednesday) morning which might have proved fatal to'some of the miners in No. 12. They had just broken into 16 party, when their last set of drive laths gave way, and nearly the whole drive went down, the men barely escaping from the ruin. We were told that the party had been pennywise enough to employ timber that was too weak for the work, and hence the nearly fatal catastrophe. Millan's party are not satisfied with the decision given by the Local Court, on Monday, hi their suit against their furnisher Campbell; and they had a meeting about it for the purpose of taking steps to carry the matter elsewhere, but we did not learn the result. If they have got a little spare cash for purposes of litigation they may perhaps indulge in further attempts; but if they will take our advice they will content themselves with the first loss; for, whatever may be the. equity of the case, we fear they have not a leg to stand npon in law, as their agreement says nothing at all about furnishing driving timber. It is strange that so many loose agreements are drawn up, in the face of incessant litigation upon similar disputed documents. |Why not have stipulated for furnishing whatever might" be required until the gutter is reached, or some other point equally plain and definite ? TERRIBLE.—This lead is looking decidedly better, and many of the miners who had been regis iered, and then abandoned their claims, are finding their way back again. Mitchell's party, in the whim claim on the hill side are the last yet bottomed on the line, and they have come upon some very good stuff lately. The gutter is heading straight up the hill and has a considerable dip. Claims from 1 to 12 are down about 120 feet; and from their water being preity heavy, they indulge the hope that the deep ground is not far off. Amalgamated claims 17 to 21 have two shafts going down, one of which is down 40 and the other 90 feet; the last claim as yet sinking is 24\. The lead is certainly more popular just now than it has been for a long time, and shares are more valuable. MALAKOFF.—This lead has a very good show still, both in the whim prospecting claim and in amalgamated 2 and 3 east: which latter has come upon wash dift at 143 feet, that turns out 6 dwts. to (he tub. No. 1, east of the whim, have nearly got down with their second shaft; and No. 1, west, are not far from landing, while the other claims, west, are most of them still in the rock. On the hill top, east, 19, 20, and 21; and 22, 23, and 24, are down, and a very satisfactory prospect has been obtained. Altogether, the lead is looking well, and the minors are in good spirits. REDAN.—There is no doubt now but that this is a veritable lead, and one that is likely to be remunerative. The whim party adjoining the hotel are not yet in the deepest ground, but have got out stuff from the reef that has shown a prospect of from 10 to 13 dwts. to the American bucket. This party have had a heavy time of it with water, driving and blind are now double slabbing. The other on the east side had better luck, aud went down quietly; but reefed at 80 feet only, and are now down sowe 100 feet in a very soft easyworking sandstone. According to the present indications of the deep ground, these two parties will have a long journey to make before they reach the gutter. GOLDEN POINT.—The gutter on this lead appears to be heading nearly due west, and is shaping direct for the Wesleyan Church. Nos. 6 and 7, after driving 120 feet came upon washdirt ; and 8, 9 and 10 are on it at a less distance from their shaft, thus throwing the gutter a little more to the northward probably. The Waterloo Company have not yet reached the deep ground, but from their length of drive they can be but a short distance off. BALAICLAVA.—The original party with the engine claim here are still getting out good paying stuff, and intend, we believe, to retain the engine which a short time since they talked of selling. The next party arc still driving for shaft sinking through hard sandstone reef; and they ought to get a good gutter. The party next east of the whim reefed at 130 feet, about a fortnight ago, and have several days more sinking yet before they reach the gutter depth. There are two others farther east, and both through the rock; indeed the farther one of these two had only some two feet, which they easily got through with gads. The party next west of the whim are through the rock and puddling up. The prospecting parties by the creek sicle are both through ; but that on the west side had the water burst in upon them while puddling up the rock, and they the gutter, which lies to the north of their shaft. They have been getting dirt off the reef that has turned out as much as £ oz. to the dish; and they are now about to set up a whim. The next, or second prospecting party reefed at about 80 feet, sunk to 115, and have now a ten-feet dave in towards the gutter; they have also got some paying wash-dirt off the reef containing boulders of cement, similar to that on Golden Point. The deep ground is heading nearly north, and bids fair to run into Golden Point lead, not far west of the National School building. The last party, 7, 8, and 9, are going clown immediately in front of the All Nations Hotel,- at the south end of Armstrong street. BATH'S SHAFT.—This party have not yet satisfied themselves, (and they sedulously refrain from satisfying any body else) about the position of the gutter; but there is little doubt that they are pretty near the right spot. They landed on the reef at a depth of about 240 feet, and have been sinking in the reef, as well as driving. A short time since, they came upon wash-dirt in their shaft; one part of shaft being wash-dirt; while on the other side the reef dipped down almost perpendicularly MINERS' RIGHT.—The gutter on this lead appears to be heading round the hill for the creek, somewhere between the lemonade manufactory and the shanty lately put up on the west side of the creek, within the amphitbeat rical space, where the creek rounds the promontory along which the line of claims is marked out. Claims numbering 27 are surveyed up to the creek, and No 9 is bottomed aud beginniag to paddock. The gutter is singularly undulating and irregular; varying in depth from one to four feet, and in width from ten to forty feet; and the claims already paddocked are paying very well. Nos 12 and 13 were the first to get the rock, and when the line has crossed the creek, and mounted the hill beyond, the claims will* require to be enlarged as per regulation instructions for class D. WARRENHEIP.—This line has given np the ghost at last, and the brave and persevering fellows who battled so long with the miner's old enemy there have been compelled to strike their flag and retire. An extended claim, 1; rge enough to induce a party to get an engine or a couple of whims might pay; and we would recommend the men who have stuck to it so well, to make an application for a lease or a large grant for the purpose of thoroughly testing the ground. ONE EYE.—There is some exceedingly rich ground in this gully; as much as 61bs. weight having been taken off the bottom by one party there not very long since. The neighborhood about here is busy; and, from what we know of the locality, as well as from the actual appearance of things, we have no doubt that the workings hereabouts are paying capital wages. 