THE BALLOT IN VICTORIA. This heal-all has not turned out in Victoria all that was expected of it. It lias neither led to secrecy, put an end to bribery and corruption, warded off intimidation and incipient rowdyism, nor promoted a more extensive exercise of the elective franchise. All these points are suscep tible of proof in detail, but it will answer our \ present purpose sufficiently, to dispose of them in the lump. ; AH the Melbourne papers declared ojienlv for the Ballot, the Ayr, the I/rrtiltl, and the elryux ; alike, but the first more rampantly, perhaps, i than either of the other two. But what does I the Ayr say now of the working of the Ballot in 1 the hands of unprincipled electors? Oil turning ; to the Aye of the '1 tth ultimo, we find some j very severe strictures, both on Mr Stawell, the At- j torney-Oeneral for Victoria, and on Mr John i Thomas Smith, the Mayor of Melbourne, followed i up with these remarks on their successful elec- J tion : — In going to the polling-booth ourselves venter Jay, we met a gentleman, who felt some little interest in the j election, and (not bang under the necessity of r/iriinj a ! secret roiY)we incidentally mentioned the names we had put on our ticket The last of the five (that of Richard Henles) called forth the remark —" You are throwing away your vote. What is the use of voting for a man who has no chancer" To which we replied —" Very likely; hut as it i. our duty to vote for the five best men, we have simply tli.it duty to perform." It was in this spirit that xecxii, n-.d our individual franchise. W e did not, fui a moment, imagine that nil the names on our ticket would win ; hut we believed that thov owjht to win ; and we voted for them accordingly. It was only by getting idi who thought so, to act so, that truth and right oi.id prevail. It is, alter all, not a wry fluttering position for the successful candidates to he placed on a level with Mr John Thomas Smith ; tor the return of this gentleman does not prove that l.e is light, but only that his sup porters are wrong. It dees not absolve him : it merely degrades them John Thomas is still John Thomas. : Had all Melbourne voted for him, it would only have ■ proved how demoralised Melbourne is. And it is a sad j drawback upon the honour of being on the successful \ list, that Jolui lhomus is upon it also. How he secured i his election is m> mystery. In spite of the ballot, the ' machinery of John rhuniasism was in full operation. As j one ot his principal agents said yesterday to our re- ! porter, " they had done eTcrv thing for him that j could he done for him by fair means or by foul, by i legal means or by illegal, by force or by fraud." These | were the very words employed ; and there is no reason I to duubt their truth. From this, two important facts are patent to ! all; first, that a large number of the electors do- ■ clined to avail themselves of the secrecy of the Ballot; and, secondly, that a still larger number ; set all its assumed safeguards at defiance, and i placed one of the most unpopular of the citizens | almost at the top of the poll, in spite of it. Such a result called for some explanation, and here it I is as furnished by the Aye of the following ' day, September the '2utli :— "Who stands so high now in public estimation as John Thomus; Who can exhibit so clean n character: His white choker is not more immaculate than his reputa tion. ft is, in fact, the outward and visible sign of the j inward and invisible grace of purity of lift? and conver- : sation. Said one of his friends to us, on the day of election, " It is a question of character, sir. lie Is "de termined. to show that he is not the infamous character the Argus represents him." And so, to prove that he : is not an infamous character, he perpetrates infamy on a more extensive scale, and more unblu«hinglv than ever ! But popular logic is very perverse. John Thomas , is no»• a better man than Henry Langhuuls or James M'Culloch. He has received absolution, and is once • more restored to society. The ghost of Tommy Barber will no longer hauut him. By one grand guzzle he has swamped the press, which ought now in penitence to cry out p/ccovi, or hold its tongue. 'Twere ' wisdom to adopt the latter alternative, only that a journal is under the inexorable necessity of always saying something. But we know that' it is use- ; less. We write with the consciousness that were I we to expend half a dictionary of downright truth i about John Thomas, he would* neutralise it nil with nobblers. Ballot, or no ballot, votes are to be had in hint- ; deeds, at a nobbier a piece ; and votes, like charity, cover j a multitude of sins. Mr Stawell knows this secret. So does Cuptain Clarke. Some simple-minded corrcs poudent of the daily press was trying the other day to ' prove that the proclamation of martial law was illegal, j How can that be : Is not Mr Stawell returned for I Melbourne : The martial law business was wrong up : to Tuesday evening; but since that time it has been i right. A contemporary said the rejection of Mr Stawell { i would cause a re- action against liberal opinions. We | can estimate the calamity we hare escaped by observing ■ , the re-action caused by his return. Liberalism is at J the same discount now as Tommy Barber. This is so ' I apparent that the Government must now bo annoyed at j themselves for making so many concessions. It was i wholly unnecessary, und has nothing to recommend it j but its economy—a consideration of no importance to j well-pensioned plucemen. j The Captain Clarke referred to above, as being j such an adept in the science of bribery and cor- j ruptiou, is one of the successful candidates for South Melbourne, and his unsuccessful opponent, Mr Blair, is tints counselled, or rebuked, ironi ieally we admit, in the same article, for not having had recourse to " practices," which Mr Stawell hnd once declared to be " fair at such a time:"— j Mr Blair has been defeated at Kmcrald Hill, and Mr > A'Beckett at Cnllingwood. As this result is what the public expec ted, it will not, like the election for the j city, excite any surprise. But, a« wo are almost in- j variably an exception to the general rule, we may be*! allowed to express our surprise that Mr A'Beckett has j not managed matters better at Colling wood. It would • be a gratuitous insult to that district to compare it with . the city; but it would also be gratuitous flnttery to ■ suppose that it would be more successful in withstand- ; ing the demoralising influences which wealth and power | can bring to bear upon a contested election. Mr ! A'Beckett's failure would, therefore, lend to the inference j that he has been relying, like Mr Blair, upon his merits, j and not upon the more potent machinery of bribery and ' corruption. We did not visit Colling wood during the day, I and cannot, therefore, found any conclusion upon our : own observation; but, judging by results, we should j say, that, if it was saved from the pollution of JohnTho mnsism, Mr A'Beckett, must either have been ignorant ; of the practices which are " very lair at such a time," or he must have scorned to resort to them. Foolish ; man ! Has he gnined anything by his adherence to principle: He has only vulgarised himself, und thrown the purity of his character open to suspicion. Had he ' spent a couple o f thousand pounds in nobblers, a hundred or two in cabs, an unlimited amount in placards, and hired j all the a"ailable blackguards of the district as electioneering ; agents, lie would have been regarded as n truly virtuous ; and estimable man. j This we suppose to be all true, and, to have I been uttered in a spirit of fair comment on what actually took place. We might add much more to it, if \vc would, from the same journal, but wc must turn to the Herald, which tells the same tale, with regard to the Melbourne election, with more point perhaps, and certainly without any abatement of its ordinary vigorous style of de nouncing public abuses. In the Herald of the 2-lth ultimo, the return of Mr John Thomas Smith is attributed—mark that—to •' unblushing and unbounded corruption, intimidation and downright violence," provoked by "the per secutions of the Aigus." and it is, then, further on in the same article, asked : — But what shall we say about John Thomas Smith * l'erhaps we are unreasonably puritanical and exacting in our notions. We have given the first place to " Australian nationality," the second to cultivated in tellect and European experience, the third to beau reaucratic influence and Government power, and the filth we have acknowledged as the just proportion due to the Itoman Cutholie and Celtic element. But ate there no other principles or interests to be consulted • Is nothing due to the reminiscences of past times — to their ruliianism, their venality, their licentious ness? We do not say so; but, conceding every thing that may be claimed for the yet lingering blackguardism of early days, the debt was amply paid, in the scenes of profligacy and debauchery— ol trickery and cajolery—of intimidation and bullying which we witnessed yesterday. Every one will bear testimony to our perfect abstinence from any participa tion in the recent persecutions against Mr Smith. But the occurrences we allude to were too gross to be over looked. They have disgraced uiir city and have branded ■ us with ignominy ; and, if a committee of the future legislature do not rectify the evil, we shall only deserve to sink—if possible—into still deeper infamy and de- i gradation. With such practices as wero too flagrant and too notorious to be denied, the ballot is a mockery; although perhaps we do not know how far it restrained even fouler torrents of corruption and debauchery. Mr Smith has gained a scut, us some people do the scaffold, or the pillory, only to render themselves the more ' conspicuous to the observation of mankind. From the Argus lefcs was to be expected. It had made itself a party to a factious resistance , of Mr John Thomas Smith, and its testimony, ' therefore, to any alleged fact, connected with his election, would have been received with the . greater caution. Unt the Argus must say some- ^ thing, and what is said, is confirmatory of the * ! whole of the foregoing, albeit the uniform feeble- [ ucss of its style, in this, as in other cases, would ' lead us to the conclusion, that it cared very little j which way matters went, so that it could keep up its reputation as an advertising sheet. Its ; words 011 the 2oth ultimo are :— A very strong and general feeling of indignation was expressed throughout the city yesterday, ua to the pro ceedings at several of the polling place* on Tuesday— the Bull and Mouth in particular. The entrance to the polling-room at this place was so blocked up with canvassers, principally for Mr Smith, that electom could scarcely gain access at all, and timid people were probably deterred from entering altogether. As the afternoon wore on, this increased to such an extent as to be perfectly disgraceful, and it is broadly asserted that both drink and money flowed freely. We think that some formal enquiry should be made into the matter ; as, if this sort of thing is allowed to pass un censured ami unchecked, the ballot itself will become useless, elections almost imposiible, and the representa tion of ihe people will be made over entirely to men sufficiently wealthy and unscrupulous to resort to the very worst means of securing their election. Much more of the same kind remains to be quoted, if we should only huve the opportunity of doing so, without trenching upon the space ordinarily assigned to matters of more pressing concern. 