THE DRAMA. Victoria Theatre — Mr. M'Kcan Buchanan still con tinues to he tlie great dramatic feature. Siuce our lost he has appeared in Riciiaud the Third, Hamlet, Othello, and Lear. On Monday last he appeared as Hamlet, and Sir Charles Coldstream, in Used Up, for his benefit, and was greeted with a full house. His per formance of the part of Hamlet took us by surprise as it doubtless did many others. We did not expect to see a personation where merits were brought into such bold relief, and one whose points were so judiciously made. In fact we consider Mr. Buchanan's Hamlet a llamlct exactly us Shakspenre meant his hero ; in it there is portrayed all tliut is haughty and noble in spirit from the celestial aspirations of his mind down to the fickle, unsettled, wavering disposition of his nature. Hamlet was made to appear to us not splenetic., and rash, not simply an injured son absorbed in meditating an iissussination of the murder of his fattier : but, a man of superior intellect, keen sensitiveness, and a desire to do a duty, from which only irresolution and occasional real mental aberration, deterred him. The passage where this is made most apparent — " The spirit that I have seen mag be a Devil "—was rendered absolute perfection ; and, also, the beautiful soliloquy of " To be or not to lie," — could not have1 been done better. The same conception was well maintained throughout the play. Mr. Buchanan does not make Hamlet a hero — he was none. ' He is a mere vehicle of -philosophy the most profound, melancholy the most pitiable, and irresolution tlie most unaccountable We cannot but mention the admirable lack of rantirg in tho two soliloquies — " Now I am nlone," and " Oh ! that- this too solid flesh would melt " — not that so' plain h' course' shoultl be rare, but because it is so, these, with other features unnecessary to mention, and the characteristics of Hamlet, in the hands of Mr. Buchanan we liavo seen them all portrayed in a most wonderful manner — a manner which has shewn the delineator to be possessed -of no ordinary talent, and which has placed him among the first of the delineators of this arduous part. His whole performance was indeed a masterly one, and by far superior to any that we have seen in this colony : it ; was received throughout witli the most enthusiastic applause, Mr. Buchanan being called before the curtain, at the end of the 1st, 3rd, and 5tlr, Act. . At the fall of the curtain the excitement was intense, and at tlie appearance of the hero the audience rose cn masse, with cheers from the pit, and the waving of handkerchiefs from ' tlie boxes — indeed it was an ovation which any actor might be proud of. Mr. Buchanan thanked them in a neat and appropriate speech, and stated that lie made a re- engagement for twelvejniglits with tiie management. He will shortly proceed to Melbourne, and from thence we understand .intends returning to London. We would advise all our friends not to miss the present opportunity of witnessing one of the greatest actors "of the day. We cannot pnss by unnoticed the beautiful manner in which Miss Warde, played the very difficult. part of Ophelia, nor tlie excellent rendering of tlie Queen by Mrs, Guerin, and the Ghost of Mr. Holloway. Mr. Buchanan .closed the evening's performance with Sir Charles Coldstream in Used Up, and it was received with -shouts . of laughter. He has also appeared this week as Othello, and Lear, and has been received in each character witli . the greatest enthusiasm from full and fashionable houses. . ; "Lyceum Theatre. — The Misses Gougcnlieim have during the week drawn extensive audiences, the real proof of talent.,, The management have been successful in securing their services for a few night longer. Without dilating upon Miss Adelaide's charms, or Miss Joey's, curls, we . say, epigranimattically, they are beautiful actresses and worthy of the patronage of the public. 