BILLY RUTLEDGE AT WARRNAMBOOL. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) October 14, 1856. This gentleman, who has lately returned to this dis- trict, after visiting England, met the electors at the Royal Archer Hotel, last night. There were upwards of 300 persons present. At seven o'clock Mr Plumer, miiler, was moved to the chair, and after the usual in- troduction Mr Rutledge proceeded to address the assembly. He said in coming before them on the present occa- sion he did not think it necessary to repeat his political principles, as they were already sufficiently acquainted with his past career. Since the last time he was amongst them the country had improved in a wonderful manner. Nothing was talked of but improvements in their buildings, and means of communication, and he was heartily rejoiced to see it. While admitting that he could not claim any credit for the progress they had made, he must also tell them that those improvements were not obtained from the Government by their representatives, but by and through the representations of officers who had from time to time visited the district. He believed, too, that a good deal was owing to their own exertions. He was delighted to see people exert themselves, and he hoped they would continue to do so in future. He con- sidered that he, too, was not idle when the best interests of the colony were concerned. He had great public acts to remind them of, which he thought, and he hoped, without being egotistical, entitled him to their warmest support. In fact he could cite a long list of services in behalf of the colony, and of the whole colony, not of any isolated county or township, for he scorned the idea of being the slave on one place. Many of his services he had forgotten, but he hoped he might inform them that he claimed the entire authorship of the Act that gave the grant to aid in the building of churches, and a salary to the clergy of the different religious denominations. He would also tell them that he was the identical person who in- troduced the bill to destroy the Scotch thistle in the colony of Victoria. He assured them that he worked with all his might to get it passed, but was obliged to give it up, in committee. He was a resident in the district from '44 till '54, and one of the first who owned an acre of land in the district ; and since he came to it he defied anyone to say he had not discharged his duties as landlord, magistrate, and member of Council, honestly and independently. He was glad to see the population increasing. There were six times the number of voters than in '54. Everyone by his vote had a voice in the government of the country ; and he hoped they would study only their country's good, and return those who were really qualified to serve them. He, if returned, would look on it as the greatest honor he could receive in his short span of life. But he would not ask any man to vote for him through personal friendship or obligation In fact he believed it was contrary to the letter of the law, and he hoped as he had not read the act that those present who differed from him would not take him up short, if he made any error in his statement. He imagined he was quite as capable of serving them as men who made eloquent speeches, and all that sort of thing, He assured them he had no object in view in soliciting their support, but the good of the colony at large. He pledged himself to represent them inde- pendently and without trucking to any Government. He was the first to propose an increase to the Governor's salary, and he prided himself on the act. Some of the most eminent men whom he conversed with in Eng- land on the subject, approved warmly of his services in that respect. It was not through interested motive he proposed it, for he had not at that time the slightest acquaintance, nor even spoken one word to the then Governor. Nor did he dine with him, al- though he was invited to do so. At the same time he condemned the wilful extravagance of the executive in his absence ; more especially the Toorak concern. He called it public plunder, and he pledged himself to inquire closely into it. Although many of the members of the late Government were his most intimate friends, still he would not spare them on that account. He pledged his honor he would rip it up ; and when speaking of honor, they would please to remember that honor and honesty make up in a great degree the want of more showy abilities. The Warrnambool Examiner accused him of voting on every occasion against Warr- nambool interests, but he denied it flat. Some people had extravagant notions about the public moneys. He did not consider it just to ask for sums of money for so small a place as Warrnambool was, when he was in Council. He acted as he did to prevent extravagance ; and, besides, he acted in those instances on principle. His principles and honesty were his great dependence. When in England he made every inquiry and gave every explanation to the Emigration Commissioners, and even succeeded in getting one vessel sent direct to Port Fairy. He furthermore worked hard for months at the time of the passing of their New Constitution, and he begged to state to them when he and many of the Victorian colonists then in England were consulted by Lord John Russell regard- ing the vesting of the power in the colonists to alter the constitution, he remained silent, and did not oppose it, because he thought it would be popular in this country. Some gentleman here rose to propose to the speaker a question, but was received with so much interruption that the purport of the question was unknown to the meeting. When the noise subsided a little, Mr G. Levi inquired if Mr Rutledge would give the Jews their just rights. He said he would allow the Jews the same liberties as they did in the old country, but he would never consent to pay a religion opposed to Christianity. After a good deal of squabbling amongst the questioners as to the right of prece- dence, Mr Levi said he had another question, but before he put it he begged in the civilest manner to remind him that a very clever man and as good a Christian as he was, had, on that very platform, volun- teered to assist in the emancipation of the Jews, and he was the man in the right place. (The Chair here interfered, and a scene ensued which would be impos- sible to describe. Mr Levi's voice, however, was still heard, above the uproar, to say that he would oppose Billy Rutledge at all his meetings, and that he would follow him like Hamlet's Ghost. When this scene was concluded, some gentleman inquired, if he were re- turned, would he support a measure which would give the waste lands at a cheap rate to the poorer classes, and in reply said " he would not do anything of the kind." After this reply it was some minutes before anything like order could be restored. In answer to some further questions, Mr Rutledge said he was opposed to the ballot, to manhood and universal suffrage, to lowering the property qualification for either House, but he would support a newspaper tax, as he thought the press the greatest curse of the colony. At this juncture, Dr Clarke proposed a vote of thanks to Mr Rutledge, and from the confusion that followed, it was impossible to hear a word of what was said by the seconder. Amidst a scene of uproar and confusion, the Billy Rutledge of immortal memory made his exit from the platform, when the meeting separated. Inverleiqh. — A meeting of the electors of the im portant and growing district of Inverleigh took plaeo on Monday 'evening, October 13th, at Mackinnon's Hotel, to meet Colin Campbell, Esq., and hear him ex plain his political views, There wore present Chas. L. Swanston, Esq., Captain Berthan, Edward Berthan, Esq., Dr Geohegan, Charles Rowan, C.E., Henry Richard Rae, Esq., and about thirty of the electors. Mr Swanston was voted by acclamation to the chair, and he accordingly introduced Mr Campbell to the meeting, who entered at length into all the political questions of the day. At the conclusion of an address, which appeared to give great satisfaction to all present, a vote of confidence was passed, and the company separated. ____^____— _____ 