' THE ARGUS 'AND. TtfE.' AMERICAN OONSUJ".. . .The fallowing is from the Aye :— " CONSULAR DIGNITY." ■ (To the Editor of lhe\Ai>o,) Sin.—Will ynn allow mo a short spuee iir your columns, to. set myself right with regard to tin article which appeared ill Inst Saturday's Argus, under llie hciul of " Consular; Dignity." I owe this to my country mid countrymen, iuid to ft generous people whoso hospitality I ahull never forget. a ■ ■ V 1.(1111, yours, &c.;, JAMES M. TA1U.KTON, " ti. S. Consul, Consulate of the United States, Melbourne, March J8tl), 1.8i\\(l, i[cqi'v.] ; (Ti> the Editor of the .-Jri/us.) Sin,—It lias been suggested to me by some of un friends, that reference was made to me in an editorial under the head of " Consular Dignity." You will he good enough to state if such is the fact. I am, your oliedjent sei'viuit, (Signed) - JAMES M. TARI.ETON. U. S. Consul. Consulate of the United States. Melbourne, March loth, ISoiS. (cof?), (To James firloton, Esq., United States Consul). M* JDk.vb 8in,-r-At your request I called at the Argus oftloe on' Satuvday 'several' times, to deliver your letter, but could lint find the Editor. After culling several times again to-day, I saw Mr. Murray, and delivered it to him. He acknowledged being iko Editor of that paper, and l'epliud io yoi^r letter that it was unusual for liini to answer such communications, and declined giving any ot\tcr reply. ' 1 remain, jtriOy (Sltfncd) Nyir.UAM OAHRKRF,. Melbourne, l|ar I now pronounce the author of the said article, who. ever he may lie, or of whatever caste (in so niueh as it referred to me),; to bo a vilo calumniator, a base slan derer, andi accuse hinY of having written, published, and circulated rt deliberate, \yilt'nl, ruul malicious false hood. - - - JAMES M. TARIjETON, U. S. Consul. Immigration.—Tlie ofllcin) return of iwi'ivuls nnd dot pnrtures for (lie month of February continues to exhibi tho same foiling off in immigration us the previous re turn, to which \vr. drew attention ti few weeks bunk. Tlie past month milled, to our population only 1-10 souls per week, from1 the mother country lind foreign pot ts. Tlie tnrivnls for the month (exclusive of' intercolonial move-, ments) were us under :—: From Unitail l^inRdoiuv .. 1013 souls. From foreign ports .. .. 10 „ \- ; 1001 The depiutmes ■ were— . For the United Kingdom ,. 10? souls. • For foreign port; .. .. 07 „ , ; • 1(U Excess of nrrivals over departures ,, •; 507 - ■a-Htrahl, Kastku lim-in.'.vs,—The weather preveun <1 lit;- >poit« j ailvi.'i'tis"il lu take pinec 011 Sulnrilny lust. ;il the iiovjil i],r l-hilT-way ll'iiJMf, Sydenham t &e..; . comin< m-.-»|. On Mm,day. h <-a-\:-i\ a hrjm'ifn) -.11 u-^liiu- v t^iy, I'.ii"1' '/ih'iV. nilMliat iouIiI he \v:-mhI iuVt 11 u* public li»ul ];.;;'iv 'iisc-us'-eil a vt-rv I- li« nt. IV; '• i'liK ii. provis!'-.! hy Mr. Mi'tiil-'liek. th^ i'cii into spurt in p'-ul Kn^h'-h Myk*. .'Mid it wh* «>nly t ni^hl-full liistt «i tin'* uniHseijn-nl. wa.s I'-i-niiijiitoil. i«> ln> nirnin reii«\ve»l l»» duy. Al Mr. Vv'al hvhV and th" Sydenham Park Gardens, tin1 preliminary days tlrrriwisiLf fm- Mnmluvds ensure excellent >pm'Klo iljty. of which. in Miii" next. \v<; snail lu- ahieto fumfch n report. At tho M uiche>ter Arms. the (ium Tree. &i;\\. ihe f;pc»riH were of ii highly eiertilahloelmraeter. ami wrru partieiputeil in hy a lary« muster of the residents in Mrh loralify. 3n fuet, plcusiira \\\ua the order of the day, aud ii is not, a litale ^mtifyin orileriuwl'aVibiiPlv-'ijirovuili'dllirmittliout/v;: ' Fminv.—tlood Friday wiis observed in Siinci lmrst aiid its vicinity as a strict {holiday, The shops and stoves were closed thirtuirhout the day, ns weri; also tlio various pieces of amusement in the' evening. Tlio rtiggeri likewisiT suspended their mining operations, and lis tin; weather was unusually line, after the late rains, tlio. public 'Rciiniil!}" nriiil"d themselves ofthe opportunity to seek recreation in Ihc suburbsand rurnl districts in tl>e neighborhood. Slt'SICI P.U.ITV-. AT' WI M.t.WISTOWS.—A public meeting has been convened at Williamstown, on the 7th of April next, for :thc purpose of establishing n Municipality at thill place. , ■'Sandhurst--''Finn J'mn.uiK. — It appears, bv an adveitisem'cilt - in liilolher , part of this paper, tlntl the members of this most useful body intenil to celebrate ilm ant!iv(;rs.'ii'v'of its formation by a public dinner, on the second Wednesday in April, ,'1'be public are greatly indebted to the gentlemen comprising ibe Britfiulc, who niny lie the means of averting one of the greatest calamities which could occur in it town like this, where the great majority of the buildings aye constructed of such iullammablc materials. The members 110 doubt expect that the public appreciate their gratuitous ser vices, and will feel disappointed if it is not manifested 011 this occasion nt the convivial meeting which is to take place in commemoration of the establishment of the Brigade. QuAiiTZ-Citusiiixn machine.—Mr. .Tames Wayte, machinist at llie Ih-nthl olliee, has obtained a patent lor a qiiarlz-i.-niHiiin^ midline of a new principle. From an inspection of the model, it. appenra Unit tlio stamp ing process and thai of the Chilian mill me- ingeniously combined. The tptar:/. having been so far crushed by llie stampers., passes into tlio pan of the Cliiliau mill, ami is reduced to a biiliicient degree of fineness ;o be subjected to amalgamation. The machine is simple mid compact. Tim modi; in which the stampers are successively raised and dropped is particularly ingenious. — Argus. Nv:v.' Xxsoi.visxts.—Solomon Levy Green, storekeeper. Melbourne: assets, £:lt)2 (is. -Id. : liabilities. &*>:)« 1 id X'l. Cnnses d'insolvency: ''depression of busings at Mount Blackwood. mid depiYciarion in the value of smok. Richard B.-utv. fanner, Campbeiliield : assets. £.|::0n lis. lid.: liabilities, Is. :!d. Causes rf insolvency: pressure of a creditor and depre ciation of landed property.—.ltyii.i. Di:;nk:: to Ma. G. V. i'iitooicu.—The moinbrtr* «'f the Brooke Testimonial Committee entertained that gentle man on Thursday evening al a dinner at the Criterion Hotel. About twenty gentlemen were present, ami among the guests were Mr. Coppin and Mr. R. Younge. The chair vv;is ably lilled by Mr. Lord. who was most el'ieiently supported by Mr. W. K. Hull as croupier. The toiiM of the evening was, of eoitr-e, the health of Mr. ISrooke, and wu»,n* may lie supposed, received ivith the utmost enthusiasm bv the company. Mr. l.'rooke uc knowledged the compliment in a lew appropriate sen tences. and declined that he could nev, ness which he had experienced on all occa.-ions from \i\\-~ l'rie,nds in Australia. A great number of !oa>ts fullowed ami the song and jest wen! merrily round until mid night. when " Auld l.mig Syne" w.is sung, anil llie coin puny separated.—.7 rt/ns. Tin-'. Baixaaiiat linxTt.:-:.'.—Ji wili 1m: seen by the following notice. cut from the last number ol' the 7V/Yc CnzvUv. that the above notable obtained the indulgence of a tieket-of-leave on Tuesday la«t:—•• .linnet Frauei. Ijentley, a native of Surrey, clerk, born IS JM. -"i 1'< et ~ incite, fair eompb.'xio/i. brown Intir, grey eyes, medium mouth, nose and chin : marks —mole back of neck, urn! right-anil, right toot niit:iliitei|. Snip BiinuieH. to Nor folk Island, ISJ-L: sentence, JU years. Tried at Mel bourne Supreme Court, lSt-h November. 1*0-1, and sen tenced to three years' hard labor fur manslaughter. "I'icket-of-leave granted ISib March. 1 >:"»(•. for the district ol' I ieideiberg —I/rfihl. Ttir. Hr.iiAsiiu'ui. IIoudav.—We have received n-! incrous lolt-TS on the siilt.ji'c-1 of the ilhove holiday. The mulioruics slionM revnenihpr thai iliis holiday lias Wen primihal to the lieges. ami v,e know of no valid ivliv they should perpetrate, in Litis particular ease. a hi Cilch of liiilli.— Kkvt South Wai.ks v. Victouu Gi'.'.su C'mckiu Match.—The meeting wliiuli wiis held at HnnkiuV Hotel, on Tlmi'sduy !a*i, apj>1iit.Nl e. (lejmturi.)ii tn wait upon mill welcome liie Sydney e!.-",eii .m their arrival at their hotel. The gentlemen compo.-iitti; il will meet at the Olmnihrr of Pomnicrce, hi- 10 a.m. th'S lliiifisiiifr. tiooi) Ktui' n\ in Melbourne, was ubscrvcil n» in> idmost pencral holiday at 1'ie f iovcnmienl olliees. unit tlnviughoiit llie eity. Al! [lie courts weie closed, am! ihe various churches thronged liv liiri/e comiiVjatio.is. Still St. Mild:!, Saiidridste, l5rii,-hlo:i. and Willi,\msio»-n liiul llieir pleasure-seeking votaries, a':d trains and Miss's ditl'tv srooil stroke of work. Tin: absence of dninlien persons in lilt: streets WHS most remai■kiible.—./ci/iw. Siticim: ix the lioY.u, I'a h it.—A yoimsf i • 1 n 11 ah- in iweiity-fom- yenrs of age. named A.J committed suicide liv shooting himself v.-iili i ]ti:-rol. on the liioi'iiiiiif of Tuesday la.-t, in tile Hoynl Park, n<\--ur Brunswick. Henry flickers, a plumber. of Melbourne, deposed nL tlie inijue.^t. before Dr. Wilnini. on Thursday, that beiii£ in tlie I'ark with 11 coiiip'tniou on the 11:0111 iii)} of Thursday. going '.owmds HumswicU, lie hc- iml the report of n pistol, mid in hiilf-an-houi- afterwards lie enmc upon a man lying on liis back Hear the creek On approaching him he observed u wound on his l'orehe.u', 1'IjoJ upon it, iu«l iv pistol close to UU right hiuul. which was lying liy his side stretched out. .The mail was living, but unconscious. After obiaininc; the as.sistiiv.ee nf il constable, they tool; the 1)oilv to the Hnspiul. There were no marks of it seulHe mi the ground. (Hi oxiiiiiiniiij? the pistol it had tho iippcuvivoee 1 f Tinviiiii been recently disehai'yvd. The deceased, who wjis 1111 unsuccessful digger, httil been lodging at the Australian Club'House for the lust six weeks. ?»rr. Viielmidr-nn. the landlord of Sin: house, slated that his ieliuw-lodgT.-' f.iji - suli'vi'vl tlu1 drucnsed subject lo inordinate excitement. If.e appears tn have lolt iln; house mi llie uwmmij of ihe occurrence. Dr. ilari'ind deposed lliM deceased died iu li:iU'-im-hoitr nl'ter his r.dmis-dcin into ihe Hospital. and thai lht' cause of his dijcllh was u v. muni In his fm'ehead. The jury returned « verdict (if—Died from injuries to tlin bviliu, caused by tilt; discharge of a pistol by liisowu lnliid,—Jii/tix. ]'i,o\vkb3 of HuETiiuif.—.Tiic delivery of » funeral oration upon the dciui-e of great personages 1ms from time immemorial, afforded nti opportunity for the display o£ llio rhetorical bounties of eloquence. but i'tu- greatest ellbrls of oratory weto then resorved for kings ami empe rors. J ii these days the office is tib>miicil by the news paper press, imd the demise .n" legislative bodies is thi-ir theme. Tile J.egisUthe Council of Victoria is defunct. Tho daily of Melbourne, in common with our selves, I!.ought it » public duly to lionor it with n suit able. 4- 1'itiieriil oration.1' Dr. Ijlair, in liis l.cctures on Hheloric, gives ii ns his decided opinion that Fleehicr. the Freudi itt'uucUer. excelled. nil other writers i\i Ibis ilesciipikm of composition, Hud he lived in these en lightened days, he would have given the palm of praise to the Aiyua foe ihe eloquence displayed iu its obittvv.'y article on the dentil of tho Council. The following beautiful passages are extracted for admiration ;—'• Tho poor dear old thins is gone fit Inst, niter a protruded, tottering, rickety existence. The Legislative Council of Victoria is St. Patrick, silent iho re.ncoltoes of the Tmipls of wisdom, I'l-nii (he brows of Myles and of O'JIi'ieu is uuhvet the bright li'ilo of legislative prestige," IVmrlh-y Murray or his ghost must occupy the editorial chair in Collins-street; no oilier num. (tend or alive, coitld per petrate such eloquence. Shamrock Evi'xiso C'osct.iits.—The jiroj>rietois of Uio Shamrock imve engaged tlie -sorvircs of M. Coulon for a ppriud, tu assist nt llic evening concerts. Tliis gentleman is beyond comparison the must distingui-licd opemtio performer in the colony. possessing no menu histrionic talent, with 11 voice of v.'onJciiul richut's-s and power, He will he an immense acquisition to the con certs nt the Shamrock, the proprietors of which display very great energy mid judgment in limit' engagement of such performers. F.iw.' oi'. a Hook.—On Tuesday morning about four o'clock, Mr. Ellis, of tlie ^European Hotel, Colliugwootl, was dimmed by a loud cracking noise, proceeding from the building adjoining, known us the Music Hall, the roof of which shortly iil'termirds tell in. owing to tTio in ^uftleieney of tics and gilders. II is a matter of congm tnlation that the accident occurred when it dill, as the Hall had been engaged bv Mr. Benjamin for his " eon cert inonstre" on the same evening. It would probably have contained dining the evening a numerous us-seni hinge, and serious injuries might have occurred to the visitors,—Argus, Kknjstjiatiox or Ki.kctdjin.'—Hy an advwrl&ojfionf; whb'h appears in this <1ay'x issue. it will be seen tbrvt rfiJJeetoi.'i itr.'i required f<»r the compilation of j^ie ••h-Huial roll of llu* disiriet of the Sandhurnt boroupiirt. Tin* ft'orf-I iiiiu nt (iHZftta ha* u notice dated l?th March, iv.jr.nMiu^ purlieu willing m undertake ihe duties'of coi I» riors for tlit* ok'cf.'iiil districts of (he colony to iriakv i-;uly application Jo tli*.» Chief .Secretary. The toml ii'siiilit'i'of district.1! is JJ7, and tho number of eidlectors reiiiiiroil is 1"-'L Two collectors only-are ro ■ |itired for the CiistU'iiminr* boroughs, while fourwe re quired for Sandhurst, and yet the former district ia- to have two lufMiiiMTK under the new Constitution, whilf the latter must he ronuuit. wiih "ne. ArviiM!'T to Hon tiik Bank or Australasia.—About on»« „Yloek on Sunday morning lust, a nun»l>er of resi dents in Camerou-Mreet \u*re ronsnl hy the attempt* of h party of burglars to enter the dwelling hoii^js aud the? hank near the entrance to tin- military Imrracktf. Mr. fb'.se snapped n revolv»r at smut! of the scoundrels who were about his premises. hut unfortunately it did not/go «tt'. The polwti found n six fool post, find a long.piece oi' iifivv rope, with a ship's block attached to it, with which the'hu'rfflnrs had alfempted to farce, an cmnmceio Mr. Charles Thompson's re sidence beside the hank; the born ♦»C the window were much bent, and no wourier, for tim 1»vc It has hre.n since ayjcrtauied that the rope and block belonged to a boat lying at Or*«:u, Cleveland and Co.S wharf.—Launcvsloii Chronicle, CoxvKr.Tixrt riif, Desert into an Ockas.—Oprun Wjllimn Allan, of the British navy, I inn published ft book advocating the camcmion of this Ami.inn Detrnit into an ocean. The tinllioi- believes tlmt the great vallirv, extending from the southern depression of thu Lebanon range to. the head of the Gulf of Akabit. tho eastern brunch of the head ol" tits lied Sen, lms lieea onco sn ocean. It is, iii many places, thirteen lnmdrHd feet be low the love! of the Mediterranean, and in it lire situate.! tho Dead Sea and the sen of Tiberias. He b.'licves that this ocean, being out off from the lied Sea by the rise of hind nt the southern extremity, and being only fed by small streams, gradually became dried by color erapo , ration. He proposes to cut. a canal of adequate size from the head of the (iulf of Akiibn to the Dead Sea, mid another from the Mediterranean, near Mount Citr ine!. across the plain Esdraelon, to the fissure in tbs mountain range of Lebanon. Jiy this menus the Medi terranean would rush in with a full of thirteen hundred fantMiU tip t}ie vnJJey, awl substitute bji ocean of tirotboc. sund square miles in extent for a barren useless desert; thus making the navigation to India a:-, short us the over land route, spreading fertility over a now arid country, and opening up the fertile regions of Palestine to settle ment and cultivation. The conception is a magnificent one, but 110.sufficient survey lms been made to'determine its practicability or its cost. The Australian Expedition-.—We lind the sub joined news of this expedition in n Singapoi e paper of October last:—" The barque Monarch wluch vea!.l arrived here last wei-k. v.'as chartered by the Anstralii u fiovernineiit for the conveyance of the stock uid ft por. lion i f the North Australian expedition yarty to the Victoria liver. The Monarch left Morrtoii jjay, where the stuck was embarked on the l'hh August, and reochrd Victoria River 011 the iiOth September, lmviuj onl? lost two out of fifty horses embarked. It was the intention of the exploring party to cross overland 10 More ton Bay."— H,::■«/,t. Guano.—It appears time, ill addition to the deposit-of tfiiano at Shark's Bay, Western Australia, a fnrtUet de posit at ligx Island is found to be of a very/superior quality. mill perfectly equal to iliat of Peru,, 'This valu able manure cannot fail to have nil important influence ii|)r>ii the future ilei- tiny of that colony, and indirectly on this. It appears the government, anticipating largo de mands, lmvc issued a notice to tlie eil'ecttliiuany masters <»f vessels ilesirniH of loading with this commodityiVuin Shark's liny are required to call in at Fremantle aud lodge in the hands of the collector ot' customs at that port a sum of money equal to Is. per ton of tho regis tered tonn:ii(e of their vessels, receiving an'authority IVniii the Coiimial tSncivlnry to load with pfuano at Shark's Day. On returning to I'Yeinantle, n settlement for uuy quantities of jinano shipped is to be made. It is norifinl linn the governments of the eastern colonies. Mauritius, ISourbon. &i;\, have been requested to pmliib't the laud ing of any guano taken from Western Australia without authority. The hiiicpoiiilenl Journal 20th January says : —'• We hour the deposit of this precious manure at Epg Island may he taken in lot) tons per annum, and if this lie « correct i"-titmtte, we conceive it to he thn height of folly on the part of the authorities to consen t upon aity terms to dispose of any to strangers—we want all and more than all ourselves, and no payment we may ever v i-eive for n portion can. or will, compensate us in a nn lional point, of view, for the land which would in con#c sc(|iienre li.! thrown out of ftulti-.ation." • " Navhutiox in- -niK Mluiuv.—All interested, in/llie steam navigation of the Mutiny will l)e tflad tolejtru tliiit Captain ('mlsir.- parly litis successfullycleavedsnaai, \c.. i) lo-low llmeklesby, ti Motion of A. H; Hftuies, Ksi|. (irent eiedit lnunt be nttuelied to Captain Cadell ft ir liis per-:everanee, imil 1 urn sure, could uny of your honorable members huvn seen his enerpetie proceedings, tiio ■* Iliinu-" fit' your Coiui'it would vme liberally tiiu'iinl-. rewarding liiiu—or rather, paying' liim for bis expenses, . Sit'tuH. will sine enormous expeusts. Carriers will not charge so much; besides, people wilt iim lie disappointed of their goods, 1 think yourcolony might !i!.be liberal,—ymi ate tlie richest of the group,- - iiml some of your democratic members should add-.mi extra thousand or so tp their former votes. Had-thd member (Mr. O^hanassy)" Seen what, 1 lmve, I have no ilottht ilia! hi'! would lmve dottbleii'ljis vote. S° mucA fur steam. A few of your renders will k!J0"-7-the intri cate water system of the Lower Murray. Well ;/feoice uf the '• aipm-branches" are about to he thorougly uurcd l»v the simple proeesi of cuuin» a canul froiu 'tbe Mut' ritmbidgee to the Yotiku. This will give p'eat.'faeiliti'S to breeders of stock who hnvc been hilhevto dry ! Levels nre nb'nu to be takeu. and I inutgme that the new " nqim'4 idea would nhirm the nerves of vottv Survevor-GeneruU— MnilJ. ' " , - , 