MORETON BAY. I (l-KOM OUK OOKIl-Bl-ONDENT.) BatsmuíB, March 11th.- The following is a copy of the memorial to his Excellency the Governor-General adopted by the Committee appointed at the meoiing of the operatives of Brisbane, held on the 3rd instant, and transmitted by the Shamrock's last trip : - TO HIS EXCELLENCY SIR WILLUM DBM-OX, C.B., GOVKRNOU-G-NJÍRAL. May it n.Kist: voun ICxckllkncv,-'.Jo, iho undorslg-ta ror,l dent« In tho town and nctthbou hoid of Brisbane, havo boon duly constituted, ut publto mcr-tlns- held st tho Moohanlo»' Instituto on tho evening of Monday list, a oommittoo to carry out ocrtaln rcso luuons moro ail-iptcd ; oneof which wa« to the following offúot: "TM», meeting, viowlng with anxloty »rid alarm tho dopartuio Tromths town and ncifrlib urhood or many of tho lndustilnl clasies.inoju'oqucncoof the proscntdep csslim of trade, and tho cctsa'ion of worl*8 -f improvement, do hereby rosolvo ti bring under thoimmodinio notice of his E-oellonoyiho Govornor-Gcnoral tho urgent ni c-Btlty of tho prosecution of works of a publlo nature, ana that tho following gentlemen bo dopuled to communicate with his Bxecllonoy iho Govorn.r-Gc_cral,«amostly requesting him to .othorlBO the npocdy commencement of thoso publlo works whloh nava previously been ainoilont-d by tho legislature lu »cooriniice with tho farcuolng resolution, wo would respect- fully Buggcet to your "xoillonoy the advisability of the fol- lowing publlo works bu'ng placed at once In the hands of eon tr_otor».: Flret-The new gaol tit Brisbane ; tho building at pre-ent ooou Sled se a gaol lijlrjg inadéquate to tho requirements of the dletrlot oth In accommodation and security. Should tonders for this building be oallcd for at onco It is probable that a oonstdorable saving in its oast would bo effioted, na there exists at present a «rest quantity or unemployed labour, and iho v-luo of|matcrlals Is m loh reduced. Second-Tlio lighthouse. For this struoturo tenders have b«en invited, nad horo wo would rcepootfully submit to the notloo of your Eacellenoy tlio clroumHtanoe, Hi it It was almost Impssslblo for contractors hero to ooiuply with tho terms of advertlsctnoat ; about six days, only intorvanlng between tho call for tenders and their required lodgcaont In the offlos of the Colonial Scoretary. third-Telcgrapblo «talions. Fonds having been appropriitcd far two telrgraphlo smtioiis, It Is soaroely noocasaiy to suggest to yourExoelloncy the commercial advantage! consequent upon their Immodletc creation. Whilst wo earnestly rotlolt your attention to tho above obvious rtqutrsrnents of this district, we would respectfully assure your K-OOllency tin: we arc not actuate- by any motivos of a faotlous nature, but aro ass'ously desirt ui to próvido a livellhool for our .elves and families, and, nt the a rae time, to forward the perma- nent interest of this valuable part of the Australian territory. Electioneering matters are still the most exciting topics of conversation with us, the interest in them having increased now that the writs ara issued. There are still ^rumours of fresh candidates for the county and boronghs of Stanley; but I place little reliance upon these reports, as now or never intending candi- dates, to have the ghost of a chance, must show them- selves publicly. Mr. Henry Buckley met the electors of the county of Stanley resident in the eastern suburbs of Brisbane, on the evsning of Thursday last. He was very well received, and the meeting seemed to concur generally in tho exposition which he gave of his political opinions. Especially was he applauded at that part _ of Mb address wherein he expressed his opposition to the nominee element in the Upper House. A resolution was proposed and unanimously carried expressing the opinion of the meeting that Mr. Buckley was a fit and proper person to represent the county of Stanley, and a committee was appointed to conduct his election. No questions were asked of the candidate, and the meeting passed off with much order and good feeling. The third monthly meeting of the revived Moreton Bay Investment and Building Society was held on Monday, the 3rd instant. At this meeting upwards of forty now shares were taken, and six £S0 shares disposed of by auction at the very large average rate of £25 per cent, per annum. The Gd-éhcund i« now at Messrs. George Raff and Co.'s Wharf, discharging the residue of her cargo, and will commence loading with wool so soon as that is effected. The Waratah was detained nine days bar bound nt Wide B vy, and did not occupy that space of time in the pai-sage to Moreton Biy aB I was informed. A small Btcamer of 10 tons, intended it is said for a ferry boat, is building by Mr. Winship, of this place. Mr. Winship built two of the steamers at present plying on the river, as well as the Swallow, which ?was wrecked some six months since, besides various sailing cr*ft. Your Grafton correspondent reports the proceedings of a meeting of thy electors of that town, held on the 23rd ultimo, at which it was unanimously agreed to transmit a petition to the Governor-General, praying that, in the event of the separation movement at Moreton Bay being favourably considered by the Exe- cutive Government, the present connexion of the Clarence and Darling Downs district with Sydney, as a portion of the colony of New South Wales might not be disturbed. The result of this meeting con- firms what I have frequently stated in these communications, aud for stating which 1 was charged -with misreprercntatioii ; that the residents of the Cla- rence, and not a few in other parts of the district, es. pectally in its northern division, were not in favour of separation. I asserted what I knew to be the truth, careless of its popularity, and the proceedings of the meeting above referred to, and many other circum- stances, form more than a sufficient -vindication for all that I have said on the subject. I state this as a matter of fact, and r.3 only an act of simple justice to myself and with no wish to revive the discussion as to the justice of separation itself. That long agitated measure having, as I conceive, been resolved -upon, it becomes all concerned, whatever may have been their private opinions, to unite in endeavouring to give the young colony as fair a start in the race of existence as may be. The claim of those districts to be heard which do not desire to be included in it cannot, however, be disputed, and no reasonable person .will, therefore, find fault with the inhabitants of the 'Clarence for raising theiy voice, although at the -eleventh hour, against the proposed severance of that district from New South Wales. All things considered this opinion of theirs is more to be regretted than wondered at ; but I think it is founded on very erroneous views. Their mercantile connexion is, no "T doubt all with Sydney, and is maintained by means of a regular steam communication. If Moreton Bay were 'to become their pott of shipment this direct communi- cation must in a great degree cease, and they would receive their gooda and export their produce by a very round-about and expensive route. This, of course, they would not do ; and supposing that the Clarence River district is included in the new northern colony, it is for the above reasons most un- likely that the mercantile intercourse be- tween the Clarence and Moreton Bay would be much more intimate, at least for very many years to com», than it is at present. When Moreton Bay is proposed aB the shipping port of the Clarence, it ia Êrobable that shipments to and from England, via Moreton Bay, are meant, but a long time must elapse ?o as to admit of the severance of old connexions, before this can t&ke; place to any extent. Even with respect to Moreton Biy itself-although this facility has been afforded there for years, it is upon the whole but sparingly taken advantage ef, as the constant em- ployment of two steamers, besides many sailing coas- ters, on the Sydney line fullyproves. The Clarence river peor le are, therefore, likely to be better served by ' maintaining their present direct communication with .Sj dney than if the intercourse were conducted via Moreton Bay, since their produce for a long period at least will be transmitted lo the former place, and it is evidently quicker and cheaper to do so direct. But, admitting all this, I do not see that it forms an insu- perable bar to the Clarence district farming a portion of the new colony. The maintenance of the present mercantile transactions of the district with Sydney -does not wesken the argument that it would be better ruled by a Government whose seat was close at hand. Even in the caso of Moreton Bay itself I apprehend thal the granting of separation would not lessen the intercourse between that place and Sydney, but on tho contrary would very much increase it. Why, then, in the case of the Clarence ought the \- mere business relations of that place with Sydney to form an objection to its political annexation to the new northern colony ? If that colony is ever to be erected, the Clarence River district must form part of it. Colonies of small territorial extent are always looked upon as contemptible things, and to make the new colony as little contemptible bb possible it must include the Clarence. The abstrae . tion of so much valuable territory would indeed be a " huge half moon, a mighty cantle out," and would very much weaken, if not entirely, crush the raw en- ergies of the infaut state. The inhabitants of the Clarence River, moreover, not cDUtent with the exer- cise of thtir undoubted right to express their own opinions on the subject of separation, have assumed to be the interpreters of the sentiments on that subject of the people of the Darling Downs also, and these sentiments they have most undoubtedly mis -epresented, as ia ably pointed out in a sensible communication which I observe in the uolumns of the Herald, bearing the signature of Mr. William Wilkes. In the Darling Downs district there are a few opposed to separation, as I haye all along stated, but the great bulk of the inhabitants are unquestionably in favour of that measure, and why the Clarence River petitioners, who ought to ¿ave known, or could have so eaBily ascertained this faot, took it upon themselves to state the direct contrary, or why indeed they should refer to the Darling Downs at all, under the circumstances, is really altogether inconceivable. There is every reason to believe that the members returned for the Northern Districts will be all separation men, and determined sticklers for the 30th parallel southern boundary. . . . Within the last week written notices have been stuck up in various pacts of the town, calling for tenders for supplying stone suitable fur road making. The stone is to be carted to the gaol, and there broken by the prisoners confined under sentences of hard labour. The metal is no doubt intended for the im- provement of the streets, but whether anything will come of this small official " movement," it were very difficult to say, for there have been already so many proposals nnd plans, all ending in nought, in reference to this very matter, as to make the most confiding sceptical, The sum of £400 _ was granted for the employment of the above description of prisoners in preparing metal and making improvements in the streets, but a difficulty which upset the whole scheme, for a time at least, occurred on the very threshold, in the want of funds to pay f r the services of an overseer. Thus, as wo see every- day in the csBe of private persons, devoid of personal and mental energy, the occurrence of the first petty obstruction formed an insurmountable obstacle to the further prosecution of so necessary a work. Another effort appears now to be made in reference to this small affair of our street?, and being, as we may presume, undertaken under more favourable auspices, it will be, we may at last hope, crowned with success. I am aware that tho fault in almost all these cases chiefly reBts with the Sydney authorities ; but I cannot help thinking that a resolute Resident, who has a will of his own,' and sufficient energy and determination to enforce it when the proper occasion arose, could do much to overcome their indifference and supineness. The great fault of our whole administrative syBtem, indeed, both in the mother-country and in the colonies, or, at least in this colony, is the minute and ill-defined responsibility which it encourages, whereby, when things go wrong, the public have no redress from the difficulty, owing to the intricacies of the syBtem, of finding out the real culprit. I think it was an oversight in the committee of operatives not to have included this matter of streets in their memorial. It is true the chief part of the labour is intended to be performed by prisoners, but his Excellency's attention ought to have been drawn to the fact that the money was still unexpended, and that its judicious disbursement would confer much public benefit. It is evident that the curse, which has ever been the bane of our local prospects as a community íb not yet removed ; tue want of unity and cordial co-operation in all public matters is still almoat as marked as ever. I conclude with the following general items. A blackfellow accused of several daring robberies, who was on board the Waratah for transmission for trial to Brisbane via Sydney, managed to effect his escape while the steamer was lying at Marvborough, havi ig put back from the bar for coals. He got rid of the fastenings which secured him by his handcuffs to tho vessel, and immediately proceeding on shore, managed to get clear off. A special constable named Sullivan who had him in charge íb in custody.-A memorial has been got up praying that the sum of £2000 may be granted for removing obstructions to the navigation of the rivers Brisbane and Bremer.-Tho up-country mails lost Bouietime ago on the Ipswich road have aU been recovered except one. The Sydney overland mail bag is still missing.-Mr. Beszely, who has recently re- turned from Sydney with the appointment, I believe, of Clerk of "Works, is, amongst his first duties, to su- perintend the erection of a now watch-house at Ipswich, which is to be proceeded with immediately. Our export season is now at ita height, and business in this department is consequently brisk. The general trade of the place however is still dull, owing to the discontinuance of Blmost all building operations nnd a prevailing senrcity of cash.-Mr. V. A. Forbes meets the electora of Brisbane this evening. Tun RrssiAx Position in and auovnd tub CiiiMn.v -A document, signed by the Russian Coun- cillor of State, De Kotzebuc, hRB been published, and contains the following pyssage relative to the prospects of the war:-"It is difficult to divine what the enemy will do in the future ; it is probable, however, that he will make Eorae further attacks, in or.ier to take our army either upon its flmk or at its rear. Thus we may expect that the Allies will make some movements from the side of Kertch and Yenikale, nt both of which pinces they have reinforced their troops ; but we may hope these projects will be baffled, for, as we have said, the army of tho Crimea has received reinforcements bo considerable that tho General-in Chief has it in his power to augment in a notable manner Lieutenant-General Wrangel'g force», which cover his extreme left on the side of the Peninsula of Kertch. This is equally true of the coast of the Black Sea, from the embouchure of the Danube up to Pere kop. Great masses of infantry and cavalry are dis- tributed in such a manner that it is possible to concen- trate them in a very little time upon various points, and especially at NicholaiefT and Pírekop." 