ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. VOLUNTARYISM. No. V. ' 7V the H-ditor of the Bendigo Advertise)1. Sir,—Quill lhh»!'Cns ''to erusli,"' and tlio Local " brays," but Ironpen 3ieither trembles nor frowns. Wlion I uphold Stale patronage as found in England I will consider Quill's propositions, and when I require an illustration of the weakness of Local Preachers I will go to the White Hills. I do not know this gentleman, but he has given me quite sufficient to draw from the lifo. I re frain from doing so for two reasons. 1st. Ho has given his name, and stands forth as the avowed champion of Local Preachers. I liave too much respect for tiiis body as a class to say anything that would hurt their fee'ings, and I value the noble efforts of tho Wesleyans too much to write anything that might bo taken ag disre spectful, I am sure they must be very proud of their champion. He has made a mountain of a mole hill. My illustration was not a general one, and could only have fitted one class of Local Preachers. If the cap fitted Mr, Taylor, he is welcome to wear it. If it did not ho should have held iiis peace. I admire his John Bull manly style; but such & style is not always very becoming in clericals, I cannot fancy such a " Boinbastes Furioso" preach ing on the beauties of Christian charity and bro therly love. 2ndly. I have a higii opinion pf the services of Local Preachers as laymen. I know th#t there are many far above this gentleman in ability and especially deportment, 1, therefore, do nu! ac cept him as the best specimen of their class neither do 1 acknowledge him as their champion. I am afraid that lie would readily allow that there wWP many not up to his mark, and thus tacitly acknovlodgo the truth of my illustrations. 1 am compelled to laugh at a man who asks fur gentle manly treatment, and then falls ofTinto this stylo: —"Cook here stupid. Don't you seo what a'fool you are. ^ Now then thickhead. Arn't you frightened," &e.; I disclaim having one particle of ill-feoling or prejudice to any sect or denomination ; and the daily (ifforts ami self-denial of tho Wesleyans be fore ii);.' fiyps, prove that they are doing even more than (heir share in the pleasant duties of charity find bencyok'iicc. Having suiil this much in all sincerity to put down any wrong feeliugr Hint may have arisen, f leave the Locals with the best of feeling'. May he go on and prosper. A man of sueh energy c.711 be of exceeding use if he is not too boisto;o)j5. J(t has my best wishes for success ; hut write yh'en i/o will, au4 Jjow he will, he may «Mse a smile from Ironpen. ):o yiJJ faiso no thing else. I will now seize this #(«[? by tho | hor s, if he ha* vi\y. This '' CrilMl)"'/' th'n ittWner.Ynbl? id»vll, tlmt is InUl forth ii a bugbear to startle us, even as " bogeys'' frighten children, shall.now stand out before the face of daylight. Men tremble nt the thought of tliis ghost, and are afraid to approach it out of fear of being scared. t^I will prove that this demon opens men's hearts —that lie excites generous feelings—that he stimu lates private benevolence, and that he is the com panion of good and noble hearts, and that he moves the best facilities of our nature. This is easily proved, and then it will be no stretch of the ima gination to say that we may take this creature to our arm=, and say—" Really, what a pretty little devil you are !" " Thou incarnate fiend of all that is horrible !-— thou crippled tiling of all that is inconceivably ugly! — thou hideous picce of deformity, that troubles abstract thinkers and sends democratic magnates mad witfc excitement,—stand forth I " Behold him here £50,000. How many ofyour caluiv.niators—how many that affect to despise you, are ready to exclaim, ' Come let 111c clutch thee !' " It is a wise maxim in general life, "to help those who help themselves." Old Uncle Shaw had seen much of life and lie became very ecccntric in his old age. He carried daily with him a poc ketful of cakes, and on meeting with a child lie comraenccd, " Hast thee gotten a cake?" " No." " Then thee sha'nt have one." Then to another— " Iliist thee gotten a cake ?" Yes. " Then here's another for thee lass." "'Tis the way o' the world," said he, " if thee hast got a cake folk will give thcc another, but if thou hast not got one, why, nobody will help thee." This is truth, and although some may laugli, ex perience will give the same lesson even until the end of time. The Government has acted wisely in giving aid as nil incentive to private benevolence. Government gives £50,000 for religious pur poses. 1. What are the direct consequences? 2\. What are the indirect consequences ? 3. Do the ordinances of religion benefit a nation ? If so, can those ordinances be fitly conducted without State assistance ? 4. Objections considered. 5\. The distinction between State aid and State patronage. That I may not occupy too nrnch of your space, I will consider the above in my next letter. I have been taken from my course by ray desire to give my opponent «n opportunity to prove his assertions. He will find a definition of voluntary ism in my first letter. I do not understand how it can bo my placc to' prove his assertions. Since his first letter, he has simply sat as a critic on my letters, and, to use the words of n warm opponent of State aid, "If 'Ironpen' had not written, ' Qtttll' would have had nothing to write about.'* He started fair, but all at once became cautious. I am not the novice in newspaper-writing that he takes me to be. I take it as u compliment that I shall not be guilty of writing such leaders as we find in the People's Penny Whistle. But that I know what leaders should be, and the distinction between "sntire" and "bombast," and between the styles of " Publicola" of the Dispatch, and Douglas Jerrold, and that of G. W. M. Reynolds. I will, with your permission, prove I shall not also forget "the London correspondent" of this most able journal. " They have M.L.A,"—How long will they keep them ? And one has added three more letters to his name, and in one uncontrolla ble fit he has come out in his true colours. It is a surly dog that barks at everybody «nd everything, and such a dog will sometimes get a deserving kick. * IRONPEN. November 3rd. [We are extremely obliged to " Iroupen" for liis amusing letters upon "Voluntaryism, but, as the public are becoming1 tired of the subject, and of the desultory discussions that have arisen out of it, this letter must chse the correspondence. We sliull be glad to hear from " Ironpen" at any time, upon any question of public interest.—Ed.] The Adelpht.—A crowded house last night rewarded the exertions of the managers at this popular place of amusement. The first piece, that of " Truth, or a Glass too Much," was well received. "The Mnrried Rake" should have been produced, but Mr. Sam Howard was out of town, and could not take the place of Mr. Frederick Flighty, so the " Man about Town was sub stituted, and passed otf with loud applause. " Tlie Hole in the Wall" was again reproduced, and with great success. The Cor.ovr.u. Bank of Australasia.—A meeting of the shareholders of this batik was held on Thursday at Ballaarat, when a resolution was passed complimeut ing Mr. Montgomery on the manner in which he had met tlio run. £100 reward had been offered for dis covery of the authors of the placard advising a run on the bank. The meeting passed a resolution recom mending the directors to offer a reward of £000.— ' Argus.' The Uoad to Neiuusg.—Now that a township has been formed under the name of "Nerring," we would direct the attention of Mr. Murphy to the state of the roads in this district. If a township is to be established in this district (which, by the way, is rather mythical at present), it would be well for that gentleman to see that some of the many crab-holes on, at least, one of the numerous roads leading to this locality should be mended. Thore are several places on the road which require bridges, and it perhaps might not be too uiHch to ask that a survey of the district might be made, in order that the Road Board should have somo knowledge of its wants and requirements. The Lee Family.—-We perceive that this talented family in their peculiar line are about to pay Bendigo another visit. The Amalgamated Builders' Association-.—A meet ing of this body was held last evening, at the Mechanics Institute, for the transaction of general business. A re fort was road by Mr. Davis, secretary, but otherwise the busiuBJS transacted was of a merely routine character. The Recest Attempted Suicide.—Mrs. Bentley, the lady who attempted to cut her throat, and who is still in the Camp, is progressing favorably. The wound on the neck was not a dangerous one, and she will be in a fit oonditiou to be produced before Mr. M'Lachhin to day. Tlx Onn.—We wore yesterday shown a splendid spe cimen of about two pounds weight of tin ore, extracted from the Ovens bti.ek saud by Mr. Masters of Bridge street. The speoimen certainly is the best and purest that we have seen, and we have inspected some of the finest tin ore produced from the Cornwall mines. This is a source of mineral wealth which our fellow-colonists would do well not to overlook. Dissolution of Ql'ahti. — The following letter appears in the Age, in reference to u communication which recently appeared in .this journal, from " X' Y. Junior." The letter is quite as umniportaut as if }t had been really written by a schoolboy, but we give it inser tion so that the ''Schoolboy's" effnsipn may come under the attention of the correspondent alluded to ;— " (To the Editor of th» Btndigo Advertiser.) Sir, in >1)8 Age of the 1st of November 1 read a scientific article pubUsj)e4 originally in the Bemlij.0 Advertiser of the 2ist October, apt} sf?1'?1! ' Y. Junior,' about the me thod proposed by 0. Bembinski, for djssolyiu® quartz. The scientific ' it. V. Junior' thero calfs carlidnio acid an organic agent. He is not aware, it appears, that vast rauges of mountains like the Alps, Appenines, Pyrenees, {fc„ are mostly formed of carbonate of lime, and that marble aijd phfiif arc combinations of cnrbotiic acid and lime.' Of these facts j lmv£ a slight rupollection when I think of my school (Jays. That "little 'irtor of y. Jimiv" ' "elected from amongst half'a dqien elementary mistake* \Tlnoli (ulorn his scit'iitifjp oration, will give us an idea of the value of tilt wlule.-^Your obedient scrvt,, ScitootnoT A.B.C." Maintenance of the Mount Ai.exan'deii The contracts for maintaining of the road from the Bald Hill, Bemligo, down to Essendon, within live miles of Melbourne, has been taken up by Mr. Brucc, the well known confmcjor; and, like Aaron's roil, ho h«S swiil. lowed tip all tlio smaller oi)os. We hope thftt he may carry out his former well-earned character, and that wo may really have no greater necessity to mend our ways. There is without doubt implo room for improvement, and it is devoutly to be wished that Mr. Bruoe may not fall from his high estate, but that he may maintain the roads and his former character at tlio same time,—• M. A. Mail.' Tue Convict MunDF.nr.ns.- The felon known as Captain Melville, together with the other convicts who by tlie Covcnof's jury were declared guilty of the late murders in Ilobsou's'Bay will this day \e forwarded to the central gnol. Tlisv will there bo held lii custody until their trial, which will takt» place at the next Criminal Sc66ioi4scotunjcuctny on the vOili of this month. A draff of convicts wdnt down uuder escort fro n the to llj<s hulks n'.s Saturday, and the Same escort Qt> its tvturu will briuir up the unirderiirs for Irish Order* h&vo; 1}9»U 'received at the giiril 'jo pvJyii j fuj; 