MUNCHAUSEN IN MELBOURNE. Some person or other, — who, we strongly suspeot, lias- his residence in Melbourne — is imposing on the Messrs. Chambers of Edin burgli a series of articles for their journal, pur porting to be records of - the experiences of the famous violinist, MiskaHauser, in . the Southern world, but of' which that gentleman is as inno cent as lie is of tho authorship of the letters of ' Junius.' The articles are such palpable, barefaced, forgeries that we are surprised how such a very sagacious gentleman as the editor -vf nhtimhr.rs'x ,'Inurnal must be could nossihlv have been deceived into accepting them. Fir. si. thero was a tissue of absurdities about Tahiti so utterly at variance with. tho descriptions given of that well-knownisland in the numerous accounts of it recently published in English books and journals, t.lmt one woul d suppose any well read person must have detected tho imposture at a glance. Next came a siring of absurdities about Sydney,— a city that ought now to be as familiarly known io intelligent English readers as Paris or Vienna is No sooner did that artiela appear in the Journal than a score of Sydney people then in England wrote to tlicMessrsCham bers exposing the impos ture, and tlioso gentlemen inserted an apology for the misrepresentations in a subsequent number. In spite of all this, however, tho ' Boving Fiddler,' (as the imposter calls him self) sends them the ' description' of our own city. which is given below. In audacious in ventiveness this sketch excels either of the others ; and how the Messrs. Chambers could allow such preposterous nonsense to find place in -their usually very intelligent columns is to us a mystery. We extract tho article for tlie satisfaction of our readers, who, we doubt not. will be both amused and amazed at tlie ierlility of invention displayed by tho writer, whoever he may be. For tiie beneiitof Messrs Ghambers. we may add,' that they have been made the dupes of a clumsy imposition ; — that there is not one word of truth, nor even appearance of probability, in the statements contained, in the article, from first to last; — that Miska ILtuscr is utterly incapable of writing articles of any kind for 'English periodicals, seeing that hd is a Hungarian and that his forte lies in a totally different direction and that it is rather dis creditable to Chambers's Journal to find it giving currency to these most grotesque untruths about a city which ought to be as well known as the city of York, and which has bi.en do scribed correctly more than once in its own columns. „ Melbourne, June lo, 18oy. Life resembles hero the carnival of Venice ; it does not move in measured time and step but whirls noisily about. Whoever likes maddening bustle and loud mirth will feel happy in Melbourne ; but lie who cher ishes higher aspirations, who delights in art and science and refined social enjoyments, will' scarcely find satis faction. . . , Art, in fact, is practised in the same prosaic way as business.- The theatres and concerts aro always filled, and musical and histrionic artists cannot anywhere else in the world reap a more plentiful harvest nnd richer material reward ; but it is only the tinsel, the false lustre which pleases this population; it is artificial execution which cxcitcs applause, not tlio high earnest ness of art. ? ? . , ' Since my arrival in Australia, I have often thought to myself when wearied by the mad bustle of tho public, I put- my fiddle into its case: 'Well, there can bo nothing more new to mo in the way of adventurp ; but on coming to another town I liave always found myseif mistaken. Perhaps even a roving fiddler should have his secrets, if not from policy from artistic yanity. But natural frankness always overcomes vanity with me ; and so down go all' my impressions into my diary with out disguise. ? . Obliged to throw myself upon tho manager of a theatre — for I found, on my nrrival, that all tho con cert-rooms .were already hired — I bound myself to play for him on twelve successive » nights. My first ap pearance was to take place in tho last days of May ; and tho- papcrs having puffed mo enthusiastically for weeks, and public curiosity being raised to tho highest pitch, tho house was full to suitbeation. A ballet was to precede the concert: and all tho professional singers, the Misses Octavia Hamilton, Olympia Montgomery, and Douna Aurelia Babietti the Spaniard, wcro ready to join in endless trills, cadcnces, and roulades; while besides them, an cpic gentleman was engaged to read Milten ; anil Signor Botc3sini with his suolime basso, was to sing till tho welkin rang. Tho curtain rose. A French dancer, an elegant supplo j'ouii' fciilv of no great beauty but much ex pression, and apparently on perfectly good terms with herself, appeared on tho scene in her short laco dress, received by an outburst of applause and by tho martial trumpets of the orchestra. But from the other side eamo a youthful blooiniug Spanish Creole, with beauti ful eyes, large and soft; her complexion rosy, licr figure tall — in fact tho very_ impersonation of Terpsichore. She. bowed modestly— it was her first appcaranco at Melbourne — and' tho enthusiasm of tho public, sur prised by her beauty, manifested itself in vehement cheers. The two dancers struggled for tho palm of victory in a graceful tarantula. Like two glittering butterflies, they whirled around, accompanied by music nnd ap plause. Tho mercurial Parisian made use of all lior most scductivo wiles, of her most refined pirouettes, of her most enchanting attitudes ; but the Creole seemed patronised by tho Graces themselves. Thundering applause cncouragcd her ; nnd as often as she came forward with her graceful modesty, nosegays, auil rings, and bracelets wcro thrown at her feet. The French lady struggled with licr last strength against tho triumph of her rival, until, disheartened and exhausted, she fell to the ground. The Creole approached her with compassion to raiso hev, when suddenly tho Parisian darted up, and, with looks full of hate and fury boxed the oars of her rival. Tho audience hissed anil hooted, while slio exclaimed with passion : ' Tho wretch tripped mo!' The poor Creole declared with dignity that she was innocent , of the meanness ; but a vulgar word, which slipped out of the lips of the French dancer against lior, suddenly roused nil the passions of the Soutli in her bosom, and a singular struggle began. Tho two excited ladies rushed upon cach other, anil wrestled and tore and pulled one another's hair, while tho thunders of the gallery made tho wholo atmosphere vibrato. I never saw a more natural performance. Tlio bettor classes of tho public did not interfere, but seemed rather to lie amused by these not entirely Olympic exorcises, until the Creole, bleeding and faintiug, was carried away from tho scene. ? Some officers who, from a box, had witnessed tho spectacle, wore revolted at tho conduct of the Parisian, uiid sent for tho police to arrest her ; but lior friends collected anil resisted tho constables. ' A riot ensued ; A. portion of tho public rushed on tho stage ; they jumped across tho orchestra ; tho fiddles and bass viols wore broken ; ladies wcro fainting ; children crying ; and I — I took to my lioels with my fiddle, and ran away without stopping till I readied my liotol. . Arrived in my room I lay comfortably down on my sofa and lighted an excellent cigar. ' Farewell, Mel bourne,' exclaimed I, and I began to rovclin a world of imagination, full of tlio brightest hopes. India, tho land of wonders, with its sights and perfumes, rose on my dream liko an Arabian talc. In about thirty days thought I, I shall bo wandering on tho sacred banks of the Ganges, whence tho sea at length shall carry mo back to Europe, to my own dear country — what hap piness ! Enjoying the thought, I jumped up from tlio sofa exclaiming : ' To-morrow I leave Australia.' But at tlioso words tho manager of tho theatre rushed into tlio room. ' The ilouec !' shouted ho, with n voice which seemed at tho timo liko that of a bear ; ' you don't mean to leave Melbourne — if you do I shall have you arrested !' Ho took our agreement from his pocket and conti nued, tapping it fiercely with his finger : ' Hero is your signature Mr Mislika Ilauser; you shall not escape mo!' I looked at him mournfully and requested him to spare me for at least this night. I pleaded headache and 'nervousness, occasioned by the scandalous occur rence in tlio theatre ; but tlio manager had no more bowels than other managers. Ho said tho public insisted- either upon tho concert or the return of tho entrance-foe ; that tho storm had been quieted by a compromise — that is to say, by tho arrest of both tho ilauccrs ; anil that my absence would cause a renewal of tho riot. With a heavy sigh I took his arm and wont with liim, like a lamb to tho man with the blue apron. In a few minutes I stood oil tho fatal boards. - Tlio overture of Don Juan was to open the concert ; but some of the performers could not bo found ; tho instruments of others were broken ; and tho conductor had fled. Signor Botcssini tho favorito singer of Melbourno tried to calm the noisy public ; 'but in Tain. Ho was not listened to ; hisses anil laughter received liim ; tho excited public demanded imperiously tho overture, nnd tho manager had to yield. At mid night, therefore, after tho displeasure and impatience of the public hail died away I had to como forward and talto tho command of the disabled music-band. Alt eyes, spectacles, and opera glasses wero turned towards my poor person, and, prcoccupieil and fore boding evil I gave the signal for tlio performance. In my consternation I scarcely heard how tho woik of the great Mozart was dealt with ; when suddenly, just as the trombone announced the appearance of the Cpm mander, an indescribable noiso of hooting and shouting rent tho air. I feared tho ghost of the ill-troatcd Mozart had entered tlio theatre ; but it was some thing moro prosaic — the poliefc-offiocr ; who, in tho name of the governor, ordered tlio public to retire. Tho stage was soon filled with tho police force ; in five minutes tho nit was clearod : anil noboilv was so ylud of it as I. Tho next day all tho papers severely censured tha public. ' What will Europe, what will the world think of us,' said tho Argus, 1 if artists, who cross the ocean for our sake, aro treated with so little respect — if art, which ought to elevate us, is degraded hy riotous con duct? ' Tho lcsson.seems.to have had its effect ; a few days later I played, and was received with distinction. A now picco, Tho Bouquets Irlandais — variations on Irish melodies — made a great sensation, and roused the excitable anil hero pretty numerous Irish population to tlio highest pitch of national enthusiasm. Tho day before yesterday I performed in tho Arsenal for the benefit of tlie hospital ; nnd as tho receipts wore very brilliant, tho committee appointed me life-governor. 1 was honored with a torch-light serenade, and other ovations, which, as the play-bills say, wero ' too tedious to mention.' So, you sea, thoro aro tho smooths ns well as the roughs at Melbourne, after all. Even an ordinary walk is exceedingly interesting. Thoro aro hero about 20,000 Chinese:, who always amuse mo greatly by their oddities. In walking through their streets— they oc cupy a quarter of tho town of their own — wo find our selves in a now world. Before the hotel, whero some Chinese gourmands are dining under the verandah, we see joints of dogs, roast eats, fried grasshoppers, salad of , rose-leaves, und -other peculiar dainties. A row among them is no rare occurrence, but it is never very serious : at the most the vanquished loses his tail, which remains as a trophy in tlie hands of his victo rious antagonist, who then gravely retires from the battlo-fiehl. At one of the corners I saw u book sel'or selling his books, not according to their value, or to a fixed price, but according to weight. If, on weighing them, they wero too light, ho coolly tore some loaves from nnother hook, and threw them into tho scalo. The Chinese have here tho curious custom of making one another presents of riclily-adorned coffins, as testi monials of their love, friendship or esteem. Parents take such a present from their children as a token of filial affection. But ray letter bccomo3 too long ; I must close, and without a word about the Exhibition of Industry, and tlio first Australian University. As to tlie Exhibition I shall send you by and by a detailed report. About the University, I known very little — only tho first anil last paragragh of the by-laws, which I happened to see under a grating on the gate of the college. Tho first paragraph intimatss that smoking and drinking are strictly forbidden in the classes ; and tho last says, that smoking is allowed in tho galleries and passages ol -the -building. So that education here would seem to begin nnd end in smoko. 