COURT OF REQUESTS—£30 JURISDICTION. FRIDAY. BEFORE the Commissioner and Two Assessors. ALAND v. COCKBURN.—This was an action brought to recover a sum of £30 for an alleged breach of con- tract. The circumstances were these. The defendant, who was an auctioneer, held a sale at Paddington at which the plaintiff bid for goods which were knocked down to him for £35. After the sale plaintiff ten- dered his cheque for the amount, which the defendant refused to accept, as contrary to the con- ditions of the sale. The goods were subsequently put up a second time and resold. The plaint set forth that in consequence of the conduct of the defendant, plaintiff suffered loss and damage to the amount sought to be recovered. For the defence it was contended that the plaintiff had not completed a bona fide pur- chase, not having observed the conditions of sale, and consequently was not entitled to recover. Verdict for the defendant. Attorney for the plaintiff, Mr. Thomp- son ; for the defendant, Messrs. Long and Redman. PELHAM v. VICKERY.—This was an action brought to recover a sum of £15 6s. 6d., for money lent, goods sold and delivered, and refreshments provided, by the plaintiff for defendant. The latter pleaded not in- debted, and a set off to the amount of £9 19s. 6d. It appeared that the litigants, who resided near each other in York-street, had formerly been excellent friends, their intimacy going so far as to the ex- changing of various acts of kindness, which neither thought at the time the other was keeping an account of. For the plaintiff it was proved that defendant on various occasions partook of dinners, breakfasts, &c.;, all of which were duly chronicled, together with a fair share of nobblers, &c; , and for which he now, by the present action, sought payment. The set-off made up of odds and ends, such as an occasional an- cient fowl, portions of kangaroo, rabbits, occasionally a pig and a magpie (a first-rate talker), at the especial order of Mrs. Pelham. In the set off was included a sum of £3 10s. debited against the unconscious plain- tiff for various rides in defendant's cart to any fetes that might at the time be taking place—such as races, pigeon-shooting matches, &c.; Neither party, it seemed, was aware of the other party keeping an account, and so matters went on amicably for some time, till at last a difference arose between them, and the secret accounts of friendship's offerings were brought to light in the shape of bills. Both made good their separate accounts, with the exception of a small sum charged against defendant for nobblers. The set off was allowed, and a verdict was given for the balance, in favour of plaintiff, £6. Attorney for the plaintiff, Mr. Long ; for the defendant, Mr. Corey. GARNER v. HUTCHESON.—This was an action for an alleged malicious prosecution. Damages were laid at £30. It appeared from the evidence, that some time ago defendant procured a search warrant to search plaintiff's premises for some missing timber, which he suspected defendant had concealed there. The war- rant was given for execution to inspector Singleton, who found a quantity of deal boards, about half a dray load of which was identified by plaintiff as his property—among the boards was a piece of manu- actured stuff, value about eight-pence. In- spector Singleton, therefore, took plaintiff into cus- tody, and the next day he (plaintiff) was tried at the Petty Sessions for a larceny, at the prosecution of defendant. Two witnesses on that occasion swore that they heard Hutcheson give permission to Garner to take out of the yard, which was common to both, as much of the deal boards in ques- tion as he might require for building a kitchen, and it was contended that the boards found in his possession were the boards he had taken for that purpose. Upon this evidence the case was dismissed by the magis- trates, and Garner brought the present action for com- pensation done to his character through the malicious prosecution of defendant ; similar evidence as that given before the magistrates was adduced on the pre- sent occasion, and the Commissioner having summed up, the Court found a verdict for the plaintiff. Damages £24. Attorney for the plaintiff, Mr. Roberts ; for defendant, Mr. Johnson. PRINCE OF WALES THEATRE.—We last week briefly noticed the success of Madame Anna Bishop, as Norma. In the current cant of musical circles, the dogmatic statement goes forth that,—a successful Norma, is necessarily an unsuccessful Amina. Sceptics to such pseudo-orthodoxy are reminded of the instances as exemplified in the persons of Grisi and Jenny Lind. It is asserted that the physique requisite to the render- ing of the Druid priestess, is fatal to that tenderness and simplicity which pervade the bearing and character of Bellini's village maiden. We hold little sympathy with the adherents of such opinions ; and did occasion require, we could advance plausible arguments for our opposition. We certainly do not belong to that party who regard Norma as a kind of strong- minded feminine gladiator — a personage celebrated rather for muscular development, than for those womanly attributes, at no period extinguished during even the exciting epochs of the priestess's career. While Bellini's operas may lack that classic ponderosity admired in Beethoven and Mozart, they are for melody and brilliance, perhaps matchless in the field of musical composition, nor are they as the transient, yet sweet airs of a great popular English, or rather Irish composer. Time destroys them not, and while childhood learns, manhood retains them. Perhaps the durability of a melody is some evidence of the profundity or high art of its writer. Well do we remember the first time we heard this opera. Templeton, the great tenor, was then in the zenith of his glory. Honour-laden with the marked approbation of the lamented Malibran, he so thoroughly identified himself with the tale of Elvino, as to have no competitor until the appearance of Sims Reeves. Of course, our remarks apply merely to the English stage. We still listen with delight to the sparkling melodies of this favourite opera : nor do we think we have witnessed a more genuine triumph than that made by Madame Bishop on the evening of Tuesday last in the character of Amina. We are aware that vocal talent, however finished, does not ensure operatic success. To do so, Orpheus must form alliance with Melpomena, and whether to ad- mire most the vocal or the histrionic talents of this highly-gifted lady, we are somewhat at a loss to know ; but a more successful blending of the two powers is rarely witnessed, as in the instance of the close of the second act of this opera, when the triumph was so great as to create a furore, which caused the whole house to rise en masse, and the vocalist to appear twice before the curtain. The opera itself was a failure, and, although improvement was observable in the orchestral department, the chorusses were far from good ; nor can we conscientiously notice in terms of unqualified approbation many of the subordinate cha- racters of the piece. The Elvino sang with but the ghost of a voice, which fancy might suppose had grown husky by the mountain dews which encom- passed its spectral rambles. Had no apology, on the plea of influenza, been made for the impersonator of this great part, we should deem it our duty to express terms of decided censure. The position of Amina on several occasions was no enviable one, and Madame Bishop is entitled to more credit for mastering the difficulties of her situation, and triumphing in face of a stage filled with obstacles. To Mr. Frank Howson, for his impersonation of the Count, much commenda- tion should be given. He was in excellent voice, and his deep rich notes gave important assistance to the opera. The finale, "Ah! non giunge," was a splen- did piece of artistic vocalisation—a pure, sparkling, gushing stream of melody, jetting forth a musical cascade, refreshing to all the occupants of this spacious theatre. The house continues to be well filled, and the dress circle attended by many families whose presence we do not notice on nights devoted to the representation of the regular drama. ROYAL VICTORIA THEATRE.—The week's perform- ances at this house commenced under unfavourable circumstances. A variety of conflicting elements dis- turbed the serenity of this usually orderly establish- ment. It is neither our business nor inclination to enter into the merits of theatrical squabbles ; and it is merely in our capacity of journalists, that we make record of the event. The disturbance, we learn, was caused by the announcement of a certain dance being non-fulfilled at the period of the evening stated in the bills. The reason assigned for the change was, the fatigue of Madame Lola Montes, who, not to disap- point the audience, proffered to dance, before the close of the evening's entertainments. At this alteration in managerial arrangements, one Jackson—(a mere youth), took umbrage and refused to go on with his particular duties ; and to show his consequence, he needs must make the benches of the pit an arena for his supposed grievances. This conduct led to a well deserved rebuke from the veteran of the stage, Mr. Lambert. It is but justice to exonerate Madame Lola Montes from blame on the occasion ; although, when the storm had fairly commenced, she told the audience " she rather liked a melee than otherwise" ; a statement which induced us to suppose that, were the boards of the stage the wave-tossed ocean, and this lady a bird—we should not be gifted with any profound knowledge in ornithology, to decide her species as that of the "the Stormy Petrel." She evidently revels in the tempest. On Wednesday evening a complimentary benefit was given to Mrs. Torning. The house was crowded. 