TAX YOUR LAWYER'S BILLS. To the Editor o0 thu Geolung Advertiser. SIR,-And so, Mr Fraser, you coogratulate yourself that you have now done with me,-do o0 ? A most delicious dream, no doubt it Is, and one which you would like for aye to feast upon I nut, what, if like "the baeleu fabril of a lision,!' your dreatm should pass away? What, if the ghost that haunts you. should still .ppear before your achlng sight a very sub?eatoe w-ih flesh, and blood, oand bones? Poor man, what ails thee? Wly so anxious to avoid mtt touohb-so loath to "oultivate my equamln . tanoe.0 A person so truthful and so immaculate as thou, dear Allanr, need not he afraid. Thy sdmiring clients that swarm around thee, having msarked tby many virtues, will surely shield thee from the terrors of my humble pen. Console thyself, then. dearest Allan, I cannot lerave thee vet. I want thee to dismiss thy fears, and look at thene stern realities that so much concern thy own dear self, And, to begin, let us first glance aweile at your unexampled "candour." A lawyer's cant door, indeed,-a most rare virtue truly ,mong the cralt. Yon say that my statement relsive to my having paid the firm of Gregory and Fraser £il 6f, lwhich they improperly demanded from me, is utterly falsea-that the sum referred to was never received by yon, or by the firm of Gregory and Fraser; and that I (cowani though Iam) have dared to insinuate that you hadl received the money and so forth; and, then. having reached the climax of youtr passion, yeo break out into the exclamation which, for very laughter, I can scarcely transcribe, namely, " I tell Mr Roebuck that'I treat hi' vile slanders with the entemnt they deserve, hecause I oe lieve themn to he in strict keeping with his vaunted veracity " My dearest Allan, do compose yourtself.--ldo now,-srad answer me one or two liltle queStions. Thep are lnt little ones. And, first of all Surely you are not now asrnamed of your carttner'a cendut in hsving as .Mr Sandford says, " imeroperly demanded " £11 6s from me, are ot ?' It was demandl in error.' wao it not ? Whylv then be ahamed ?! and why wish to shift the blame from your own shoulderr and oenfine ii to Mr Gregory ? Again, if neither you nor the firm of Gregory and Fraser, ever received the said stm, how was it that my attorties clled on you "an innumerable multitude of imen" to procure return of the samot and how was it that they give me credit as follows, " By cash from MiessrO Gregory anst Fraer, heitnecosts charged to you in error." Nty, hIr Fraoser, how did it come to pass that in yonr first letter, in order to vindi ce teyonrelf, yov detlared thlat " immedliatPlv no yoor discovery that the onmmons wan oti?,ti'sted without costs you repaid the amount Yo'u say yoe repaid the monntl-you vourself repaid what you never received, and what you did not owe !I you repaid what thle firm of Gregory an d Fraser never received, and what it did not owe ! Most astonishing self sacrifice! Lawyers of Geelongq, behold and imitate so noble an exam' ple I 1 ask the pnblic whether they believe your statement that you actually repaid money which you never received !l Why, the very words you use contradict your statement, so so far that from my beil t" perfectly well aware tha' the money was never received by you," I am perfectly certain from your own statement, (thbat is, so far as I can believe anything you say) that you did receive the money; and from the evidence of Bandford and Harwood, you rsepaid thesame, after detaining it for three months. If, as yan say, the matter were " a private matterof Mr Gregory's. and ote with whbch you had nothing in the world to do," why did not you tell my ar tornie' so at once, and not give them the trouble of callins upon yon for the amount an "innumerable mltititnde of times" and why did you return the money ant all ? Now, Sir, I ask ytu, I appeal to every man of common honrsoy, whether your words are candid or trurhful ? I ask whether my statements, which you cenounce as utterly and wilfully false, have not been proved by vunr own statements to be perfectly true I asoi whether yourstatemenls on this point are not a piece of the most despicable quibbling ? 2\. I now call attention to anothler specimen of your "candotr." It is contained in these words, namely, "Upon this point I beg to say that there was tno moaey paid to Mr Gregory. but Mr Armytage's cheaue for £200 was handed to him." And so you hane discovered that a cheque is no money have you ? and your saga ciots partner says "he held the snid cheque for £200 as waste paper!" And those experenoed men of bhusinesa, Timmas, Wilson and Co, atuIlly sent their clerk to year office to pro' cure from you the said document. And you had the impudence so take their receipt for the same, although it was "no money" and nothing more thanl" a chequce"-in fact, a "piece of waste paper!" And Timme, Wilson and Co. presented the said cheque at the bank, and, wonderful to relate, the cashier actually was foolish enough t" give them £200 of real rmoney for it. And yet that cheque you and your preciouts partner kept in your cash box for a period of three years, although it was paid to Gregory to he handed over to Mr Tams an agent for Mr Black ! Whether you have paid Mr Timms interest on the said £200 or not I dlon't ktow; hut if you have not, I would recommend you to do so, and that immediately. But to return to your statemnent, that Mr Gregory received from me on behalf of SIr Black "no money" but only "a oltque." Let me ask what it is but a miserable shuffle. The cheque I gave to your partner was as good as a Bank of Elugland note -in this colony it was even better. 2\. Tha next point to be noted in your letter is what you call yoltr "statements of fters re. gardinca the cheque, Mr Roebuok's adminio n that Mr Gregory was to hold the deeds for Mr Armyage, and Timma: WVilson and Co.'s receipt," and you ask " how do these statements tally with Mr Armytage's certificate?" I answer, that I am perfectly at a losn to see an liscreponcy between Mr A.'s certificate a. d th5 fact disclosed. The faa:s tally exactly with bth certificate, and they mutually confirm eace other. What are the facts? WVhy, that handed over to Gregory a cheque for £200 tl par Black's claim; that thereunon my deedn were " free" so far as Mr Black wa concerned that having borrowed the £10 frome Mr Armytage, for which I had given him, my promissory note, together with a memorandum of deposit drawn up by myself, and approved of by Mr Armytage, the deeds were given to him as senurity o?r the payment of the said promissary note, and Mr Armytage, instead of removing the deeds to his own house, or to the oaice of his own attorney, requested Gregory to hold the deeds for him until the money was paild. Noov, where is the incongrnity between these facts and Mr Armytage's certificate, I challenge you to point it out! And this leads me to another statement in your letter, to which I wish particularly to call the attention of the public. 4\. Mr Fraser says: " Mr Roebuck sub?hequent. ly succeeds in obtaining part of the title-deeds from a clerk of Mr Gregory, wt?nour ln KNOteleGso os COnSENr!: NOW, mark you, on the 1Sth December, 1854, I renaid Mr Armvtage the £200 borrowed from him a·s stated abshove, wi h interest, and Mr Armytage gave me a letter to Mr Gregory (a copy of which I enclose) stating that harng received the sum of £222 from me he had no further claim upon the deeds then in Mr Oregory's possession as seonrilty for the samne. On the 14th December, I t ok thisletterto Mr Gregory'se office, and saw Mir Fraaer (the very same pereonj wbose statement I have above quoted), and asked him whether Mr Gregory were within. He rephled "No, he is not, but perhaps I chn do as well." I said " I'm afraid not, I wish to see Mr Gregory himself." I wat just on the point of leavittg the office, with the letter in mi hand, when Str Fraser stepped forward and enquired : herther it was '" anything particular." I re' plied that I had called for some title deeds be longing to me. Mr Fraser took the letter oat of my hand, read it, and said that if I would take a seat a little while t could have thedeeds. He then called his clerk, gave him the letter, and requested him to find the deeds; he did so, and after wamiting in iMr Fraser's oflfice for some fifteen or twenty minutes, the said slurk, en DIRECTION OF MR FrItABER handed over to me a porlion of tAe deeds tohich he tnotw unblushingly declares I obtained etoithlout his knowledge or consent!! The reasma why the whole of the deeds were not delivered to me at the same time was that the reconvey. ancm by Mr Timha, as agett for Mr BIlakrhad not been registered. I was asoured, however, that it should be registered forthiwith, and that if I sent for it in about a week. I should have it. Accordingly, on the 2|st 1teat-mber, 1854, and again on the 18th Jaouary, 1855, I sent for the deed, but could not obtain it; 1 tlherefore itn seructed my atrornies to commence proceedings for ito recovery. Anti this brings me to 5\. To rindlicate Mir Sandford from the chlarge preferred acaintat hlim itn Mr Gregory'a letter, to the effect r that tite first intlimation he had of troceedings being iastituted against himt, was tas bcitg served wilt a summons."' BUt whalt were tlhe facts of the ease? Tihey were as followsa:-On the 22nd Jan., 185, I gavo Mr Gregory written notice that utlesos l tleliyertd to me the deeds in ouestion on or lefore tite 24th instant, I sholld apply to thel upitemne Courr, through my solicitor, for an order to compel him to deliver up thie same. 11 did not deliver up the deeds. I thereftre requested Mr Sandford to gut out a tnummons with as little delay as poasilte. I said. moreover, that thiere was no need to write to him on the sub. Jct, asc I had given him written notice of my intenlon to comtlence proceedings frorthotlle Ot seeing Mr Sandford a day or two tfter he told me that he cauld uot (t, e. otdl4 anot) get out a summons telthout giving Mr Gregory notice; he had therefore written to Mr Greeory onaordingly. I requested Mr Sandford to -hew me a copy of the loatter, which he did, and I have no doua Mir Bandford will gladly show thle same to Mr Fraaer. Belides, f 1 recolloet rightly, and I don't think I am mistaken, Mr Sandlord soys Ia tat very letter, in reptly to Mr Gregory'~'lallegation ' "that Mr Blak' elaim had not been satisfied"-" How. an you say such a thing when we have written evidence to the contrary ?" allading to .Mr Armytsge's certificate. 6\. No doubt Mr Flaser by this time is getting less and less dlisposed to uenltivate my acquaint. ance, but I have not done with him yet. I wish to inform him and the public how I became possaessedl of the remainder of my doeds. Mr Fraser nays that " toithout hiis knowledge the hill in question is made out nd the remaining deeds handed to Me R)oebuck," and that on the 2tIs January, 1856, he fotmnd "that Mr Roe buck had srucceeded in getting his deeds." Oh, ye poor lawyer ridden people of Geclong, listen to this confession of one of the fraternity ! He asav that certain valnuable title deeas placed in his hands for saf. custoldy, aotnally walked on' of his office without his knowledge. and that he did not find it out till more than four months after! And how did these erratic deeds come into my posspesin, think you ? Why they were bronuht to my onfiee by Mr Gregory's agent, who came to seek me repeatedly, and who as soon as he f(und mi, placed in my hands nbill of costs, stanll said if I would pay it he would hand over to me my dede. And I paid the same. ttot becatuse thought it ao fair bill, as SMr Fraser would have the pnblic believe, but simply andil solely to secure pnosssaion of my Ideri, which had so wrongrolly been detained from me. 7\. And now for this bill of cotta, which Mr. Fraser avers was " made out in perfect :good faith," although mark you it " was made ou' withounnt his knowlede. On showing the same to Mr Sandford, he at once said I ought not to have paid it for that the ease was dismissed sithout cohts. And by his recnmmendation I ran down to the Bank of "New South Wales to stop payment of the cheque, but tunfortnnatlelv I was a quarter of an hour too late-the cheque had been cashed. This bein the case Mr Sand ford immediately said that he would procure rcttrn of tite amont from MI Frhazoer. Sub. seqnntlly. the money not heing forthcoming. I requeated Mr Sandford to write to Mr Frarer and threatent proceedingn-this I did on several oeca. onsln. Mr Sandford, however, did not do so, as, he ,aid. it was a matter that they (Gregory and Frasenr) would never suffer to go into court. Why he should have said so (and he said it more than once), I cannot say, inasmuch as the amount having been charged to me in error it was oa little consequence. Doubtlesn, aithough the said hill of costs was made out in good faith, it was made out in error, and the amount was demandled from me in error. I admit it, and give Fraser and Co. credit for having made a blunder at my expense. But while I cheerfully do this, I take the liberty in conclusion of calling Mr Fraser's attention to the discrepancy there exists between the statement in his former letter, in which he says, that "immediately on his did. covery that the caoe was dismissed without costs he retnrnel the money," while in this second letter he declares that " up to the present moment he is not aware that the summons was dismissed without costs, except frmn the state ment of Mr Sand'ord.m I cannot stopl to illts trate this contradietion, inded it does not require it. belne snlfficiently olvious to every one. But I ask Mr Fraser to pr;ove that Mr Greory'sa acent informed Gregiry that thet case was dismissed with costs, fr until he does so, he may rest assured that nobody believes it. In haste, I am Sir, your obedient servant, HENRY ROEnUCK. Geelong. 15th Feb., 1856. 