THE PRESIDENT OF THE .I.IVEKP0OL rOUAMBKIt OF COMMERCE ON THli PRODUCriONS'.OE' AU5TRALIA, 1 bo ronort of tbo Prosnlent of tha Liverpool Clmmbor of Commerce, Mr, Edward Heath, a««lsicd by Mr J, B. Cookr, tho prosidont of the Cotton-brokers of Liverpool, on samples of general proiluco nnd of cotton in tho Paris ex hibition of 1855, his. been published, in a bluo book. .Mr. Heath confinud his attention to those arllcl'cs which mif-ht bo considrrod a« [icculi.irl)' rolitln^ to' Livorpoo) commcrco, and confided to ' Mr.' Conlco the ,rc»|ions'ibllity- of reporting upon cotton. From the rouort. wo ox lrnci the subjoined particulars lolutivo to tbo productions of Austrulin. AusritAi.iAN ' PuouuorioNS.^— Australia np- I oared to possess every production, or tliu copa biluioj of furnishing them, which tho calls ol civilized life couM demand. Jl or wools and her. gold nerded no description. The mineral de partment goneraily of tho Australian exlntition wiiB.,|iarticul uly nch and mtonsting. No-t to thuHurifcraus rocks, anil earths, 1 nnd coal, 'tha samples of her iron nnd copper, ami fair rcsr;ec liyo ores, were wtll worthy 6f ultcntiou. ' Witu\T.— Tho Bamples of wbbat irum Anslr/i lm, hu thought, o\cc!lod all othdrs thnt hu saw in size, cleanliness, and fulncti of tha grain. Woont.— The specimcni of hfr woods wf re highly attractive, mid bid fiir t» yield plentiful supplies for 1I10 icquiremeatB of ilia shipbuilder, tin) joiner, and cabinet tnakor, as popuUtion spicail around Iho districts where they grew. As Mr. Macarthur informed him tint it«ni- his in tintion to roprint tho ori|;iiml Australiin cnU. lonuo, with full details of tbo articles exhibited, and promised at his request to forward a copy to tlio Clumber, it wai tinnccr--iiiy f.'r liim tu cnuraorntf tlio epeuimens. Ha would nnly ad tert to thifo. Tlio lint was a while close grained wood, without knots tlio pnnlucc of 11 uin«nificient pine, found in latitude 35 degrfta to 21 drgrri-s a., uliich urows 120 feet lii(;h, with u diameter of 2 nil feel nci- iho Kiouud. Its plunks aru diuriibcd as uf grunt beauty, and useful for tho joiner nnd c.ibinot-nnkur. Tim next was culled, ?locally, tliu llliu-k Butt, nml grew from 101) to 200 feat bijili.tiy ,3 to G feel diameter, pioducing a carpuiiti-r'd wood, rxccl lont for ship build ini;. or nuy utlier object when. Btrengih and duiablity wcro rcquireil. Tim Kliudor.i, another whiio wood. 150 feel hy 4 to S, was soft on bein« cut, cisily worked and uf Bieat durability. As furniture woods, tho Lccf wood nml blood wood, hu believed, were ulri'iidy kubwn iu tlio town ; but- tho specimens of wood* bf^reat bonuty und taking a hii;li poliab wcro numerous, nml ?ovc'rnr'arliclrs of furnituro uvidu Irom them in tho colony wore exhibited. Ono t:d-!» uIoiip, of inlaid wood), slio.vcd tpeciinens of no less thnii' eixty-four kinds. - Antiikacitk and Coal — Sovcral simples of nmhrncitonnd coal wore exhibited, wiihfill pai ticiilars of locality, tho conditions of tlm s^niim, and their properties. Iho well Iviioan N'lwcustlu coil was dcscilbcd as bung applicable f) b tli household and u'oim purpobcs, and the puce, which before the gold discount's wji- Oi'Gi per ton at thethip's side, had n-.cn during tho ut-' cltemcnc'lo 40s. Iron was found in .- primarily,' with the coril ; a proMdontuI t-iet vliie.lt bui mo I to forcshvlow thu important .piijt^tliat magn 11 cont country »as destined tBtHlc'in 'iho 'future - history of the southern hemisphere , Otiibu PnonuoTiONS ^-Austrnliij' also showed — (peciiaens, among many othor articles loo nuine roas to bo n mi'il, of colonial 'made' soap, pro urved meat;, UHtir'd tohicco, ciguisV and: snuff, b eswax, splendid Indim corn, Onpsuuies, anil gutta pcrciu inndo from a speciei of fig Nmce^ rou» samples of native grown wino wore exhiUiteil. They were doiCribed tu him by Sir. Vmcarthur n« both red and whito ; tliu former kind had ben placed bj jjdgcs between iho Khono anil the Spanish, and iho white as nppronching 1'okny. TIiobo lictanted resembled Hho. wines of :Sicily, t but as they had been standing iu l'io Kxhlbittuu throughout the summer, lliu condition could jrarcly bo accojittd ns a true toil of quality OorroM — Tho several colonus of No v South Wales was represented by Mr. Macnrlhur, who, iftcr long rcsidenco and tra\ riling in that coun-r to, is perfectly acquainted with its varied pro ducts. He oxhibited soverul siimplcs ofcitton, the production of land in tlio ii'oiyhbbuihood of Moioton Bjy, and some uUo from the interior in the samo Jutitudo, about 27 dogrers south, which wcro fill from Sea' Island teed, but culti vated without much care. . 'ilioso: from iho coast, especially, -vero\e.y favourable spccimom us to loti|,'ili nutl fineness, but. wore defro:lve in. point and eleurness ofjjtaplo, which Mr Macnr tliur iitttiUuted to the w.mt of care in tho cuI-j tivation. Uo 'asserts that in tbia wonderfal, suuntry there is an ennrmoas e.xlcut of territory on the east coast perfectly s med to thoprnJu tlonof oiir commodity, and only uniting tlio It bour which, wcro it not for K 1; alamo cnaeiiu jii's I'ncqu ill) di-tlnguislunir line dependoncy [ram ;ho other llritn.li colomos, wou'd no,t ba dilfi :ultto procuru. Iho prohibit!') of the itnpor ntiou of, coolies, whicli, to till otlier colonies tun licen rcdncnl to such rc«trlctiou» hi -irei'q.ir I by humanity, cntinuod, nppsrently by ovir light, in full force In Acsrihu, anil foi mul iccording to, Mr.Miortliur, tlio ehii'.f irapc Jioicnt to a largo production of coiion. Household ' TnnAsunKs —A Ircamrf ni * liusband , carries the baby. A trc»sjt-- (.' a wifoi nover asks for inonej. A trei&iin.; of i\ son: Ins mom y in tlio funds, A. treasure of i daufditori looks iho sumo nRO as her inotlior-~if unj thing, « trlfllo older. A treasure of a »r vant t tuns to the post in loss tlm 11 Uiir an hour. Atrensutoof a cook ? 1* not lijttnicil whenover thcro is company to dinner. A trii suroofobibyi doesn't disturb ill dune pupn in the mlddlo of iho night —Punch, A Nbw P.xroiT —It mint lie a sourc3 01 RrntiQeatlon to tho ros Wonts of Vii; district Iu bo informed Jia', * new ariielo ot export , hna (icon discorcred, and tho discovery gcui to con llrm . a \ery prevulen t belief thnt thero am nunisioiu mineral products aroun I us,\ that only re ]iixt- tho npphcation et labour for tllrii dovobpaicut. Black Lcul is tlie article to wlneli \\-o uw rflfor, and tlicie is iiothiug' conjectural conuocied « ith. it, but a Btorn f-trt ; it lug been duf; from it* bed and bo\ oral bags teit to Sydnoy— Ha (la^lity tested by a compttont judge and pron uuciil equal to tho imported article, nml w) ut is bciiir ?till for the Under, a remunerative pneo iccoitc 1 for It., A Ghost Stojit. — A curiota nilventurc Iiks lal.en pl^co in n district closoint Imnri ihn family of a peasant, who inhabits a solitary ho jus in tho- flolili,' woro colebrating ',' ilie;.' biftlv of n. child, 'I he happj father, in the texcoss of hm joy, confiied to tho midwife, tho «oi rcl of bit lia\mg ia\od op the sum of eighty doll im 'r tlio baptismal feast. A fow days botoro tha fi wi a figure made U« appearance wrapped up 111 h hull'B IiWe.with horns -m its lieid, Kntl, nnnounr- ing itself as ' the devil,' dotn-inilcd of tliu piro ur their nbw- born'child. 'Tliu' fsllfcr and motbur groined with distress, upon which tlio surin^or coiiaonted to receive, iutroad of tho child, mum of eigluy dollars, which woro told out to him Hoihou inquired whore thoy kept tLcir proviaiutis lhoy rcfoircd him to tho loft. WI11H lu- »j- nnhoohing their sausages mid places of sb»ccn, a ►portsiuan of the ncifjhtourhooj haiitsned to look in, when he found tho parents kiueling at their prayers. The piuaant informed him thit n terrible pcrtonago wns 111 tho Iioubo Ihu spoiia mnn initnntly mounted iho the (staircaur, cryllif;** out, ?* who goes there ?' A deep bi«j( *oU?4 replied, ' Tho dovil I' The iiporutiin. rjljisO Ins gun to tako aim, but at tits 1 cnsiyttio utru' t! callod out. ' For hearoa's s ike ilo'i't firo .' i iji ; N. N ' It waa tho midwifo's liuslmni!, nnd ii at this moment in prison. — Posen Gaierte. Statistics o'p'MuaooiAn, Meoiuiiioai,, ?.a!\© Astuosomical MoTiox. — Man has thj power of imitating almost entry monoi bun that of flight. To oUVct thtsv, ho hi., in malnnty and bcilth, sixty hones in his head, sixty in his tbigbs Hn1 lego, tmy-t&o; 111 his arm and hands and 3' In his truuL lie hits oIsd J31 muscWs. Ilia heart matas t-4 put Hitiunsaminuta; nnd, tlicrofore, 3S13 in nn hour, 92,1 GO in a day. Them arc also llirea complete circulations of his blood iu the slioit up ipo of an hour. la respect to tha coropuMm spcod ol UltmatoJ hdng* and ut impelled b lil,--, it may bo toiinrkcd Ibtt bite n'lJ Cj-btri'iUoa' seem to ho% 8 littiO ir.tluenci.— nor bus cniipuid nvo ulronRth » thon^h uuo loly jrivn^ u,\ quantuj ut mutton to snotLor is v ml 10 lost sj much ofi a own. 1 1'ha blotli 13] by uo me. as n small animal, 111 J jet it can trmolonlj '- ) p«e« ]on(l«-, and a worm crawls only (no j-icbi;j in hft/s couils ,batnlndy-birdcarifl)yU.OOo,000 times iti own length In Ic53 fnu ua hour. An ,;-) elk canrana nnlo mid alulf in seven inmntes j /,J'\ an antclopa u iujIoiu a 1 ximte, tbo wild -r il «£™v' Inrtarj has a spc d oven gnater thin that , 1 m,'* cn[t c cmiily 10 leagues iu an hour; md. et$ Oanorj fulcon cm even roach 250 leagues in ihb '- , chort Gpiccof Iti hoars) / A viol* it wind.lravulii t- 00 uulej utrh'jur , sattad 1U2 KuglUhieot fa, », ?'': .scond. , 5 '' *'Tn«'''/ .' ir* ,^,.2 . J 