WESTERN DISTRICT. I (Front the Bathurst Free Press of Saturday.) . The BATittmsT Races.-It is pretty generally believed, owing to the almost complete failure of the last Bathurst meet as an occasion of amusement, that they were the last annual races which will be held in the district for some years. The Condemned Felon.-Since our former notice of the unfortunate man who now lies in the condemned cell, awaiting the day appointed by the Executive Council for the expiation of his crime, a petition for his reprieve to his Excellency the Governor-General has been got up, and signed by nearly 400 of the inhabi- tants of the district, including members of Council, ministers of religion, professional men, and many of the most respectable of the inhabitants generally. A petition has also been addressed to his Excellency by the Rev. Dr. Grant, who speaks in very favourable terms of the prisoner's conduct since he commenced ministering to his spiritual wants, and entertains strong hopes that if pardoned, he would lead a life very much in contrast with his past one. The husband of the prosecutrix, Mary Anne Reid, upon whom the prisoner Carroll is accused of committing the rape, has addressed a letter to the Governor-General, asking that the prisoner's life may be spared, and explaining that the commission of his crime was not accompanied by any act of per- sonal cruelty, or, in the words of the letter, " that he did not beat her." From circumstances now becoming pretty generally known, there are even those who doubt that Carroll's offence amounted to a rape. But be this as it may, from one cause or another, there is a strong feeling abroad in his favour, and a general desire, as the number of signatures shews, that the petition may prove successful. The prisoner, how- ever, on the grounds of humanity, is kept in ignorance of what is being done in his behalf. Tue First Wool or the Season.-Three loads of wool, branded " Smith," passed through Bathurst 'on Thursday morning last on its way to Sydney, and being the first of the present year's clip which had made its appearance in Bathurst, it attracted some at tention. From tho brand, we presume it is the pro- perty of Mr. John Smith of Molong. Mm. Samuel Smith.-We are happv at being en abled to inform our readers that Mr. Smith, who was so dangerously wounded a few weeks ago by a black- fellow, when travelling tho desert country between the Lachlan and the Darling, has sufficiently recovered to travel homewards, and is now sojourningnt Charlton, Campbell's River. A portion of a jagged spear, about 3 inches long, has been extracted from his chest, and his recovery has since been comparatively rapid. The sable ruffian who committed the deed, wo understand, 'is still at large, and from the paucity of poMee on the Lower Lachlan, there is little probability, except by | the merest accident, of his being apprehended at all. OteANOE, 24th OcTOBEn.-A correspondent says, Within the last fortnight the appearance of the country has undergone a _ considerable change. The dull, dreary, and wet winter of fifty-six, I trust is over, and we aro about to enjoy the delightful prospects of spring. The fine weather we have had of lato must certainly cheer the heart of the bushman. In some localities I believe the wheat has perished in the ground. That which was sown very early, and also the late sown wheat, generally speaking, looks well. Tho gardens, al- though backward, aro looking well, the onion crop excepted, which seems to bo a failure in many places. Peas I never saw looking better, and if the frosts keep away we have every reason to expect a good supply of fruit. The Orange people are well supplied with meat-a very important matter. Mr. Hanrahan has recently disposed of two allotments, containing one acre each, for the sum of £300. As there aro a great many buildings about to be erected this Bummer, all kind of building materials are in great demand. The diggers, I believe, are doing well in the vicinity of Stoney Creek, and one would imagine, from the ap pearonce of the mail bags, that the correspondence must bo considerable. On Wednesday last, our towns- people were reminded of the approach of summer by several of the inhabitants leaving early in the morning to join in a pic-nic party, which was given by the lady of a respectable resident of this neighbour- hood. Fortune, indeed, smiled on this happy party, which numbered some forty persons. As regards the weather a moro favourable day for the occasion could not have dawned upon us. The spot selected was at the bottom of a hill, from the top of which the prospect is almost enchanting, and strongly reminded us that we oro placed in a land flowing with milk and honev. The spread, when luid out, lacked nothing of the g'ood things of this life, and the company nil seated on the ground were amused by the sweet tones of music. The whole affair bore the appearance of festi- vity and had something of the air of a happy gipsy > party. The amusements of the day were feept up with great spirit until the sun dipped towardsthe horizon, when signs of a retrograde movement manifested them- selves, as many hod some few miles to return. Guyong Wesleyan Chapel.-In accordance with a notice contained in the Bathurst Free Press, a meeting was held at Guyong, on Tuesday afternoon the 28th of October, for the purpose of laying the foundation stone of a Wesleyan Chapel. At the hour named, about lfiO persons, amongst whom it was most pleasing to observe many young people, assembled around the site, which has been most kindly given by Mr. J. Nicholson. It is very pleasingly and suit- ably situated, near the road between Bathurst and Orango, on the Guyong estate. The Rev. Joseph Oram, the much respected superintendent of the Bath- urst Circuit, commenced the proceedings by giving out a hymn, after which Mr. J. Parker, of Bathurst, offered up a very impressive prayer, alluding more particularly to the sacred object for which the build- ing was intended. Mr. William Tom, of Springfield, then deposited the bottle, containing particulars under which the building was begun, coins of the realm, &c.; He afterwards, in due form, adjusted the foundation stone in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and trusted that the prayer to ho offered up( in the chapel, would bo a great means of bringing men's souls to God. The Rev. Joseph Oram then delivered a beautiful and affecting sermon, which was listened to with marked attention ; the religious service concluded by singing and prayer. The meeting then adjourned to a tent, where tea was provided. A collection was made, amounting to £11 9s. 7d., and the sale of tickets realized about £10, making altogether the creditable sum of £21 9s. 7d. Summary of Live Stoox in the Colony of Vic- toria.-Return of the number of live stock in the colony of Victoria on the 1st January, 1856, showing the numbers on purchased lands and on Crown hunts. -On purchased lands-20,046 horses, 96,036 horned cattle, 20,686 .pigs, 219,531 sheep, 1781 goats, un Crown lands-13,384 horses, 438.077 horned cattle, 4,358,341 sheep. Total 33,430 horses, 534,113 horneo, cattle, 20,686 pigs, 4,5/7,872 sheep, 1781 goate.-^ 