ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, DARLINGHURST. SATURDAY was appointed for laying the foundation stone of a new church, to be called the Church of St. John the Evangelist, at Darlinghurst. The Lord Bishop of Sydney, who was to perform the ceremony, arrived at about three o'clock, by which hour a large number of the friends of Church extension had assembled on the ground to witness this interesting sight. The Bishop was received on his arrival by the Rev. Mr. Hayden and several other clergymen and laymen, and at once proceeded to the ground where the stone was to be laid, on reaching which, the attendants having been duly placed and silence made, the Rev. Mr. Hayden, the clergyman attached to the church, and the persons assembled repeated, by alternate verses, the 132nd Psalm ; this being done, the same rev. gentleman read a lesson from Revela- tion XXII., and the Collect for St. John the Evangelist's Day. The Bishop was then presented by the architect, Mr. Hilling (of the firm of Messrs. Goold and Hilling) with a handsome and massive silver trowel, (which was prepared for the occasion and which will have an appropriate inscription engraved on it, with which his lordship assisted in spreading the mortar that being done, the stone was lowered in the usual manner on to its bed, and he having struck it with the mallet (which was made of colonial rosewood) pronounced the following words: I lay this as the foundation and corner stone of a church to be built in this place, to be named St. John the Evangelist's Church, and to be set apart for the preaching of the pure word of God and the administration of the sacraments according to the order of the United Church of England and Ireland, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost : Amen. To which he added The glorious majesty of the Lord our God be upon us: prosper thou the work of our hands upon us ; O, prosper thou our handywork, for the sake of thy Son Jesus Christ : Amen." The Apostles' Creed, the Lord's Prayer, and a small portion of the Morning Church Service having been repeated by all who had assembled, the Bishop said two suitable prayers, prepared for the occasion, and, after a lapse of a few minutes, addressed those present to the following effect : - His LORDSHIP then spoke as follows: My reverend brethren, and especially Mr. Allwood and Mr. Hayden, my friends of the laity, I congratulate you upon this happy commencement of a work so evidently necessary for this neighbourhood, and one fraught as I trust and believe, with so many spiritual blessings for this increasing parish of Darlinghurst. We have this day laid the first stone of a building which will hereafter be dedicated to the service and worship of Almighty God as the Church of the Evangelist St. John, and we have done this in a manner becoming so great an occasion, with prayer and praise. If in all our ways we are taught to acknowledge God if, whether we eat or drink, we are to study his glory, there cannot surely be any impropriety, but much that is becoming and needful, in our acknowlegment that except the Lord built the house, in vain do we lay the foundation, and in vain will any hereafter build it. We confess that not in our own strength but in His, not for our own glory but for His, do we give and carry on this work. If we had only followed the dictates of natural reason we should have done this but we follow the example of holy men in all ages. If he does well who lays the foundation of a house for himself and his children with such an expression of his dependence upon God, and acknowledgment of his goodness as prayer supposes, he surely is much more strongly engaged to such an act of acknowledgement, whose " deed (in the quaint language of Hooker) is not to rear up a kitchen or a parlour for his own use, but the building of an house for the God of Heaven." We give to this church the name of St. John the Evangelist, as well for the sake of distinction as that we may keep in remembrance the love and zeal, the faith and patience, the holy life and the glorious im- mortality to which his doctrine and example invite us. On this day, set apart by the Church of England for the continued remembrance of the disciple whom Jesus loved, giving to the church that name which is linked with so many hallowed aspirations, we commence this work in the hope that the blessed Gospel of St John will always be preached within its walls that the prayers we neither offer through him nor to him, but to" the Father through the Bon, will be heard and answered, and that multitudes will be led by his example to follow the steps of his most holy life, to follow him as he followed Christ. The learned Hooker, when vindicating a ceremonial of this kind, and writing in an age when many churches had not been recently erected, says, " It cannot be laid to many men's charge at this day living, that they have been so curious as to trouble bishops with placing the first stone of churches to be built. I have not been much " troubled" , (to use his phraseology) with services, of this kind since my arrival ; but it is curious, and maybe interesting, to observe that this; month is the first in which I have had an engagement of this nature, and that this is the third time in the present month that I have been so engaged. The first time was on the bush near George's River, where a weatherboard building, which I assisted to commence by driving. the first nail is now rapidly approaching its completion, and will soon be ready for the accommodation of a body of worshippers who, for all practical-çurposes, had hitherto been deprived of the ordinances of religion. The second was in the fertile valley of the Hawkesbury, where, at Pitt Town, taking the same name and under happy auspices, we laid the first stone of a church to be called St. John's, not less necessary for the settlers in that thriving district than creditable to the zeal and energy which has raised so large a sum for the erection of the church. And now, neither in the bush, nor in the cultivated agricultural district, but in this suburb of the city, which is in truth a part of the city itself, we are assembled for a similar purpose. In the first instance the Church Society gave large help- in the second the Government give a grant some years ago, which will partly help to build the church, and now as is becoming and practicable the people who require the church will build it they for whose benefit it is intended will supply the means by which this benefit is to be conferred - and in this voluntary effort I rejoice. If any one lays hold upon this as proof that voluntary efforts can effect all that is required in religion, I reply that it by no means proves this.; but it proves this, that the reception of State aid does not paralyse the energies of members of the Church of England and that they can, when the occasion demands it, and the circumstances are befitting, make large - and liberal voluntary efforts. I congratulate the gentlemen whom I see around me upon their having made this beginning. I congratu- late the secretaries, Mr. Rae and Mr. Wise, and the treasurer and committee, that they have begun this church undeterred by the proverbial difficulties which beset such an undertaking, undismayed by the large amount of money still required. They have begun well, and I have no doubt of the result. They know their pastor, and have confidence in him. They know the liberality of the people of Sydney, and may well have confidence in them. Above all, they know that He in whose name and for whose sake they have commenced this work will bless their undertak- ing, and bring it to that safe and happy issue which will be the best reward of their labours. That this may be vouchsafed to them is my earnest, heartfelt prayer. The BISHOP then pronounced the benediction, and the assemblage dispersed, several of them adjourning only to the school-house (now used as the temporary church) to assist in superintending a tea, which was given to the children belonging to St. John's School. About 60 or 70 girls, and as many boys sat down each at separate tables, and having enjoyed tea and plum cake, were regaled with a dessert, to which they did ample justice and it is a fact perhaps worthy of notice, that, the children, without exception, were orderly and well behaved. The foundation of this church is now completed, and we were favoured by Mr. Hilling, of the firm of Goold and Willing, the architects for the building, with the following particulars as to its intended dimensions, &c.; 4 The church will consist of nave, aisles, chancel, tower and spire at the west end, porch on north side of church, and vestry on the south side of chancel, The following are the dimensions: Extreme length, 120 feet; breadth, 50 feet; height to roof of nave, 40 feet ; height of tower and spire, 110 feet. It will furnish 700 sittings, and provision is made in the plans for the subsequent erection of transepts, by which an additional three or four hundred sittings may be obtained. The style chosen is that of the middle period of English church architecture, and, judging from the drawings and plans exhibited, the church will, when completed, be commodious and an ornament to the locality. Mr. J R. BREXAN.-A meeting of the friends and supporters of this gentleman, anxious to place him in his -opinion for the representation of the city of Syd pipe, was held at the Metropolitan Hotel, on Saturday last'. Mr. Brenan was present, and at once announced to the S-.. tlemen assembled his intention not to stand for the city. On hearing this declaration, the meeting at once broke up. 