THE SPIRIT WORLD. To the Editor of the Times. "lies tough, Sir, tough is J. B.—lougli and de-vil-ish sly."—Domrey and Sox. " Don't ask mc, imperence." —Mr Nuprins's Cook. Do you believe in the " spirit world," Mr Editor. If not, read and believe ; for I fear you South Austra lians are miserable infidels. Here have I been hovering about for years, as you measure time in a locality long familiar to me, without the slightest chance of holding communication with any one whom I wish to right inform. It is only within the last few days I have found a medium, and now I shall be able to speak out. Though I could not give utterance to my sentiments, yet I have seen and read all that has been going on in your little world ; especially have I been attentive to the sayings and doings of my old friend of Morialta. Ah! tempora mutantur—when I was in the flesh, he little dreamed of taking all the members of a Legislative Council by the nose, and leading them at his pleasure, as he now does. But he was always a " smart " chap though. Well, I've looked over the Estimates Com mittee's Reports, and I'm delighted to see the high tone of rectitude and unflinching integrity witli which he goes into all matters of accounts ; how he searches out and ferrets about every business he suspects to be doubtful; how he passes by nothing which is not based on the strictest and purest principles of honour; how he rakes up bygone delinquencies with a spirited disregard of consequences, and brings dark transactions to the broad daylight of the Council table —signing all with Joiin Baker, as bold as a lion. It is a great satisfaction to me, because I reposed great con fidence in him, years ago, when early colonists "looked at him as not being quite so great a man as he is now ; —but now, " nous avoits change toatcela," as the French have it in such cases; and so, I say, I am delighted, and my medium is going up to Morialta to introduce me. (I have been wearing my wings out over his pillow a long while.) I am anxious to have a crack with my quondam friend, and to make an enquiry or two, and to encourage him to perseverance in his present honourable career, and—but I won't tell you or your readers. UMPHELBY'S GHOST. Hades, May, 1856. 