FIFTH LETTER OF THE REV DR. CAHILL. TO HIS EXCELLENCY THE EAnT, nv nAnr.TsT.v. It will be remembered that Dr. Cahill in his. fourth letter — published in last week's Freeman — infoftned his Lordship of Carlisle, that he would conclude his second series in a fifth letter. We have much pleasure in laying this powerful and logical Fifth Letter before our readers. Ballyroan Cottage, Rath farn ham, May 15, 1856. My Lord — If my correspondence with your Excellency had no other result than to add a new fact to the flagrant lies of the Soupers, it has conferred an advantage on the cause of Christi ? anity, and on the social condition of Ireland. Who can measure the height of their mendacious statements, or conceive the hardihood of their opprobrious profession, when within sisjht of the Phcenix Park, and in henring of the Castle guard, tbey carry a placard through the streets, and cry out the name of your Excellency, as giving your Viceregal and personal sanction to their filthy traffic in children, outcasts, and beggars ? This society may be well culled the society of Judas, as they teach their wretched victims to sell their faith, and as it were to barter Christ for a few pieces of silver. This principle nnd this practice are the clear basis of a seminary of perjury and infidelity. These men, during two weeks, paraded the name of the Lord Lieu ? tenant n's the patron of these schools, which, if report be true, they have formed as nearly as possible on the plan of the hall of Pilate. The practice, the feeling are the same, ulthnugh the object is somewhat changed. I believe it can be proved to your Excellency beyond all contradic tion, that the poor children are taught to spit in the face of the image of th« Blessed 'Virgin, by way of an exercise in Evangelical perfection. And in order to bring down the comparison of the Deicide Jews into a bolder relief, it is reported they have their High Priest in Dublin : a perfect resemblance of Caiphas, who has the law written on his phylacteries ; and who can rend his gar ments, and tear his hair, and talk of 'blas- phemy,' with such an appearance of; sanctity as nlmost to deceive the most critical observer. And not long since, my Lord, they had their Pontius Pilate in the house of the governor of our city : not long since he sat, and judged in your castle : he could hear, see, and believe tbnt we, Catholics, were 'just and innocent' : he could wash his hands from our guilt: nnd he could cry; and ;yet he. could, hand: us over to be persecuted by a ferocious bigotry. Yes, my Lord, these followers of Judas did placard your illustri ous name as the advocate and the friend of this modern Golgotha. But you have undeceived the public: you have maintained your well-known character for toleration,- generosity, and justice : and tiie Catholics of the, empire, of France, of Austria, of Italy, of Spain, nnd of the whole world, will renew their respsct, will increase their vene ration, for the Earl of Carlisle, when they will have read the following statement, made by your' Chief Secretary, Mr. Horsman, in the House of Commons, within the last few days, 'Denying, you had ever given your sanction to these schools : (ir, that you, or any of. your official assistants, would associate, directly or indirectly, with this Souper Society.' The language of Mr. Horsman, referred to, is as follows: — ?'In reply to Mr. De Vere, ' Mr. Horsman denied that the Lord Lieute nant had ever given his sanction to any placard in ' reference to a ragged school in Dublin. The principle ho had laid down for his own guidance nnd for the guidance of those under him, was that, they should not associate directly or indirectly ? with any society that could give offence to any portion of the population of Ireland.' . vrfoel confident, my Lord, that the Bishops of Ireland will be grateful for this public chastise ment, given by you, through your Chief Secretary, to this, wretched Souper Society of Dublin : but ahnve till you have demonstrated that there is no .lriisstatement however incredible, no lie however luidnciqus; which these men will not adopt, and nssei't, when they libel nnd belie the Lord Lieu tenant, in the presence of his own Court, at his own door, and before his face. In .order, my Lord, to inform- the people of England and elsewhere of the working- of this society, I shall, in this letter to your Excellency, furnish you with some facts, to show their endless, their unblushing system of lyin-j. The first is n cafe in which a Rev. Mr. \V»lseley, Secretary of Dr. YVhateley, published a gross' libel on Uev. Mr. Hickey. Parish Priest of I)non, in the Arch diocese of Cushel. The meeting was held in 'Covk, Dec. 15, 1855: Dr. Whatelny presided at that meeting, and it was attended by a large numbnr of tiie aristocracy of the city and countv of Cork. The case of libel wns tried in Limerick', during the last assizes in March. Mr. Wolseley let judgment go by default; and a Sheriffs Jury brought in a verdict in favour of the priest, for two hundred pounds nnd costs. I copy the libel from the Limerick Reporter, as follows, and as rend at the Cork meeting by Mr. Wolseloy:— ' I have ii letter in 'manuscript from a man named John James Moylnn, of Croom, in tlio county of Limerick, who states that about the middla of December last a station was held at Croom. lie (Moylan) went to confession to Father Hickey, and whilo confessing to him he spoke out his confession so loud as that all in the bouse heard him, and they repeated it in the kitchen !_ I may mention to you, my lord in explanation of this that in the country, owing to the reinoto distance of chapels, confessions nre hold in fiirniew'-huuses arid other private houses t— stations are, held in these houses, and prieBts boar confessions there. The libel proceeds— ' Moylan immediately stood uo and told him that he would never again confess to him, an-i said that he always thought that what was told in confession should be kept a secret. He then ?jot such a dis-ru?t that he began to think that all was not as he believed, and after the confession was over Pather Hickoy said to Moylan, * My man, did I offend you?' Moylan having told h.im what he complained of, the priest's reply was, ' Mnylan, your sins were too heinous to be kept secret.' Moylan went away disgusted, and in a few days after meeting a couple of Scripture readers at a neighbouring house they explained to him the errors in which he was wandering.' In this case the malevolent slander of a degraded wietch (who joins the Simpers) is received by Mr. Wolseley, published in the pre sence of a Protestant A rr.'i bishop, before a most influential meeting; and convpying a charge against Mr. Hickey, of the most flagitious perjury known to the discipline of the Catholic Church. The case assumed even an additional accumula tion of guilt, from the Priest against whom the slandei was directed. He is admitted by all who know him, to be one of the most honorable men in existence : his schoolfellows in childhood, his companions in college, his clerical brethren in the mission, his acquaintances, his friends, his Rishon, all with one voice declare that Mr. Hickey stands perhaps alone, as a man of the most sterling honour, as a Priest of the most unimpeachable character: and yet this -is the man whom Mr. Wolseley (of the Society of the Rights of Conscience) drags before a public assembly and covers with slander, on the unex amined testimony of one of those nauseous perverts, who every day sell their conscience fur a shilling, commit perjury against God for an old coat, and who really degrade Protestantism in Ireland. The Limerick jury has settled this case and with £200 damages and costs has published to the Empire, that the Wnlseley speech at Cork, under the chairmanship of Dr. Whately, is as great a lie as the late placard of the Dublin Soupers in rtference to your Excellency. Dr Whately is now the avowed head of ' the Rights of Conscience Society ;' and be is also tiie head of ' the Curates' Assistant Society,' and he is the great speaker at the meetings of ' the home missionary,' ' the foreign auxiliary,' ' the tract distributinj,' ' the Jewish Biblical,' ' the Tuscan reformatory,' th° Pagan evangelical so cieties,' &c;, together with several other Hiblical occupations, such as lecturing on Romanism at Liverpool, preaching on Father Petcherine and on Bible-burning at Macclesfield, collectins funds for the Tract distributors and the street preachers, and similar apostolical avocations. While his Grace sat at the Board of National Education he was a mere Bishop, a learned commissioner, the agreeable, the valued associate of the angelic Dr. Murray : and the Catholics of Dublin admired him : and we had during this period no Bible readers with cut heads in police courts. The liisliop was kind, generous liberal : anil he em ployed his leisure hours in the interesting studies of natural science. To be sure, some clerical critics hinted, that he wanted some small atomic measure of the exact Parliamentary standard : other grudging zealots insisted that his belief was in excess of Cranmer's articles : in fact, his friends at this time would make it appear, that his orthodoxy had something like an equinoctial line, and tropical boundaries ; and that by a kind of annual motion, he could always be found some where between the Cancer and the Capricorn of the Book of Common Prayer. Whatever he was, is no affair of mine. I gladly say, that in these days, he was amiable and tolerant, and deci dedly a scholar and a gentleman. But since he has joined the Soupers, he has fallen below the public expectations, and, what is more painful, below himself: — lie has ungenerously added bis name atid talents to the grossest insult on the Ca tholics of Dublin. But his Grace has received a rebuke from Mr. Horsman in the House of Com mons, which will soon rid Dublin ot a nuisance, which has long insulted the community, which has annoyed the magistrates of the police courts, and which has brought contempt on the conscien tious belief of the honourable Protestants of our city. The second extract of the slander of the Soupers is taken from the Limerick Chronicle, March, 1835, copying the proceedings of a meeting, held in the Music Hall, Belfast, Right lie*. Dr. Knox in the Cbair. Rev. txeorge B. Concannon, the Society's Deputation Secretary said — ' We have in every town where the Society labours, our Ragged Schools ? He then proceeded to suy what had been done ; nnd stated that when they were opposed by the Priests, the. agents of the Society set up a shop for the sale of 'Flour, Meal, nnd Assorted Articles' ? -.He then des cribed the operations of the Society in the County Duncgal ; and stated that the mission of the Fathers to Letterkenny had not the least injured the progress of Evangelical labour. When the Fathers went to Letterkenny, they got twenty four boys and girls, whom they dressed up — tu represent as many angels; and tbey also had a large black dog to' represent tlio devil. The dog would cower down before the twenty-four angels, to show the power of the Church of Rome over the black dog, the devil. The Fathers told the people that the most abominable thing in the world was a Sunday School. A little boy, who attended this school against the wish of his Parents, was turned out by his mother, and .had to remain all night in an outhouse. In the morning, the Fathers said he was awoke by a black man who had a black dog with him. The man cut up the boy in pieces, and the black dog ate up the joints', and nothing remained in the morning, but a pool of blood in the outhouse.' The next person who -addressed this meeting in Belfast, at which 'Dr. Knox. presided, was the Rev. P. A. llanlon, Vicar of Mount Shannon, and u missionary of the society. Your Excel lency will read in the following extract the state ment of the Rev. Mr. Hanlon : 'The Rev. A. P. Hanlon, Vicar of Mount Shannon, and missionary of the society, seconded the resolution. The reverend gentleman repeated the Lord's Prayer in the Irish language, to enable the meeting to judge of the sweetness and har mony of the sounds. When he was a Roman CaMiolic he was anointed by the Priest, being very ill, and supposed to be at the point of death. The Priest is never sent for to anoint a person until life is despaired of. His nnnointing is not like that mentioned in St. James's Epistle; it is rather - a passport through Purgatory. Every Priest that can afford it has in his st-ihle an animal popularly termod an ' Extreme Unction horse' — (Laimhter) — and that horse is kept expressly for the purpose. From the time the Priest came into the sick room till he left it he never said one word about the Saviour, the Lamb of God that taketh away the sins of the world. The rev. gentleman then narrated several incidents con nected with his missionary sojourn in the large barony of Burren, in the county of Clire, where excepting a few policemen and coastguards, there are no resident Prntest.ints ; and where they have, a ballad about the Priests— one verse he repeated in Irish, of which the following is a translation : — \- Four Priests without being covetous, Four fishermen without being lazy, Four shoemakers without being liars, Are twelve men not 10 bo found in the country.' The last point in this most remarkable meeting of Christian slanderers is the extract, in which the Bishop himself, Dr. Knox, tnkes a promi nent speaking part in the proceedings: it is as follows : — '' The Lord Bishop said he considered the thanks of the meeting weri|much more justly due to the members of the Deputation, for the interest ing statements they bad made ; and he thought that the best vote of thanks that could be given them would be in the shape of increasod exertions on the part of the people of Belfast in support of the weiety.' , It is unnecessary, my Lofd, to add one word of mine to the foregoing language, used by the Reverend speakers at the Belfa3t Music Hall : nor do I deem it necessary to make any remark on the vote of thanks given to them by thj Pro testant Bishop of the Diocese. I shall merely ask an English gentleman, an illustrious English nobleman, would such ribald language, and such ' fabulous scurrility — an outrage on truth, on the intellect of the audience, and on the decencies of' life — be tolerated ii the domestic society of any gentlemen or ladies in the whole world, except amnnsn the English and Irish bigots? Search , Catholic Europe for even one meeting, one lie like this against Protestants, and I forfeit my existence if it can be found. Hence the teaching nf the Souper Societies has really degraded the Protestant mind into almost a universal practice nf slander against Catholics : It has armed the Landlord in fanatical hatred to the Tenant: it has in turn forced the Tenant into revengeful re taliation : it has filled Ireland with the horrors of extermination : it has suffocated the Poor-house and the convict ship : and it has stained the land with the crying guilt of murder. In no nation on earth at this moment could thergjbe found an audience to applaud ; a Clergyman -»- speak ; and a Bishop to approve the speeches referred to, except the Protestant Missionaries, the Protes tant friends of the Soupers of Ireland. Humble as I am, this letter of mine will be read in every country of Catholic Europe, and will publish these lies with millions on millions of hostile tongues. Protestant Belfast and Protestnnt Dublin may have their ppplanding audiences here ; but you know it better than I do, my Lord, that the Catholic audiences of Paris, of Vienna, of Naples, of Madrid, of Lisbon, will pass votes uf censure where Dr. Knox and others passed votes of thanks : and that as sure as the decline of day will come on the earth by the laws of Natural Philosophy, the Nation which is guilty of this execrable system of lying and of persecution of a faithful race, must, sooner or Inter, he doo\rte-l to a national catastrophe, by the eternal laws of Divine justice. The last extract which I shall present to your Excellency, in the present letti r, is a speech of Dr Daly,' the Bishop of Cashel and Waterford. Without wishing to offend Dr. Daly, I should not, my Lord, enclose to you such a compilation of low buffoonery, were it not necessary to prove to you that the highest dignitaries of the Protes tant Church can descend. to a style and manner below the pot- house, wllen Catholicity is to be maligned and belied. In this case Dr. Daly's own quotations are my triumphant proof of the degraded depths into which Souperism has sunk the Irish Protestant mind. The following ex tract is taken from the report of the Irish Society, held in the Rotunilo : — ' The Lord Bishop of Cashel continued to say the great object of the Irish society was to begin by teaching them the spelling book or primer, and then put the Scriptures into their hands. (Hear.) He was happy to say that they were doing the work. In this country they did not see one half of it, nor did they know the real ex tent of it. (Hear.) He had' a letter in his hand from an Irishman, who had some time ago, among other people from Cappagh (a place in the county Waterford), emigrated to America It was known that they had been reading the Irish Scriptures, but there was no sign from them that they had received the truth. Now he would read the letter, which was written in Ne.v York, on the 2 1st of February last. It was from John Brien to Pat. Brian : — ' ' New York, February 21 . ' ' Dear Pat — I am sure you. will Be glad to hear that all they Cappoh people are going to church in this country. (Applause.) Mnrkes was the first who Broke the Ice.' Dan Connors is as bad here as he was in Cappoh, But all his family has changed. I often thought of (when) I would open my Douay Testament.. I am very sorry I did not bring More Books with me. We often speak of you when we are together. (A) clergy man of the name of Bruce. instructs us two days in the week, that is two hours each day. I am sure My father will-be sorry (for) 'us, but we are not sorry, for we are all able to give reason for so doing— Peter, 3 ch., 25 verse ; John, 14 ch., 6 verse. Eighteen of the Cappoh people marches to church every Sunday. William Connors got married to (a) Protestant Girl; We often laughed at you, but were rong. I hopft thi3 will get safe. — Yours truly, ''John Brien. ' ? Pat Brien, who lived in Cappoh.* '?? ' [This Douay. Testament he snatched from Pat Brien (the reader) a few days before he went to America, and would not give it back, though ' Pat Brien wanted to get it, as he had previously given John a Bible of the Authorised Version ; but he kept and took away both with him ] ' What Michael Marks did about two years ago, one night that Pat Brien was in Cappagh (as the story was told by Bri^n) : — I (Brien) was in my father's h.iuse about nine o'clock one dark night, and a number of mtn and women came in, and I was reading the Bible to them fora good while, till Michael Marks found it out, and lie was determined to frighten them. So, Sir, what did he do but get a big turnip and scoop it out, and cut a man's mouth, and n«se, and eyes on it, so as to make a head of it. (Laughter.) Indeed, I suppose he had it ready before, for I used to have the reading there often. Then he covered the back of the head wi'th tnr, and stuck a lot of hair upon that, and he set it upon a pole, and fastened a sheet round the pole, and put a candle inside of the turnip, and stuck the pole up along side of the road — (laughter) — going up to the house, and then he got behind the ditch himself and hid there. Well, Sir, when the people came out of my father's house they were talking among themselves, and if they didn't begin to screech and roar when they saw it : and one poor woman fell into a dead faint, and dropped down into the middle of the road. Some of them cried nut it was Satnn — (laughter) — and they all ran off shouting DMu Horn m'anam (' God save my soul') and blessing themselves, and leaving the poor woman lying in the road. 'Twasn't long till I heard the noise within the house, nnd 1 runned out and saw it, too, and sure enough it was enough to frighten anybody. Oh ! it looked horrid! The fire was coming out of the eyes, and the nose, and the mouth, and the wind was blowing the black hair about, nnd every puff 'twould give the canHle out the sparks would come in showers through the boles, and the big sheet flying and fluttering all the.tjmo. (Laughter.) Awful! Well, Sir, I stood Hooking at it for awhile and trying to make it out, for I could not understand what it was— it looked like an opera tion— (laughter) —or something — till at last I took a stone and let fly nt it, but I missed of it. Then I took another s'tone, nnd tltruncd that at it, but I missed it again. Then I took another and hit it; and sure enough the stone made bits of the head and onted the candle, nnd sent the turnip flying about the road. Marks then cried oat from behind tho ditch, in a long tone, mourn ful like, 0 ! my head ! my head !' and the fellows that were behind me ran off quite frightened, for they were sure it was the ghost's voice— but I went inside the ditch where I beard it coming trom, ana sure enough there was Marks standing at the back of a bush. He laughed when he seen me, and did'nt give me time to speak till he said — ' Well, the D ? himself would'nt frighten you after that; if that (meaning the ghost) bad a chance of escaping to night, 'tis very few you'd have to attend to your house.' And so he ran away, and I went back to the house' and told the boys all about it, but they would not believe me for a long time, till I took them out and showed them the Dole on the outside on the road where' it fell ; and the next morning we got all the pieces of the turnip broken on the road. After that I did xot see'mucb of Marks, only now and then ; but whenever he seen me he used to call out ' Roother' and ' Souper' after me ; and he used to say often, ' Wait a while, my boy; the time will come when you'll be able to light your pipe With your little finger.' (Meaning that when I'd be burning in hell, I'd only have to put the end of my finger into my pipe to light the tobacco.) And now you see, Sir, he's the very first that broke the ice— thanks to the L»rd for it ! Such a persecuther as he was! Many's the time he said that if he was going to America, and was within one day's sale of the land, and if he had the luck to hear there was a rebellion in Ireland, he'd come back the whole way, for the sake nf having the satisfacti -n to shoot a Pro testnnt: and now he's a Protestant himself.' Your Excellency will perceive by these ex tracts that at tlwfthree public Souper meetings of Cork, Belfast, and Dublin, the speeches of the reverend and right reverend speakers consisted of stories about priests, communicated by perverts. The Limerick jury has branded one of these reve rend story-tellers as a deliberate slanderer : and although the other gentlemen have evaded the law, it is more than probable that a jury of Irish men of all grades and opinions who will read this letter will brand the Belfast and Dublin story tellers with the same moral guilt as their brother in Cork. At all events, my Lord, you will see the professional character of the Queen's Bishops and Parsons in Ireland from the extracts adduced : you will see the ignominious stratagems resorted to to keep up the Established Faith : and you cannot fail to make the inquiry, whether eight millions and a half annually ought to be expended on a system which seeks to live by the grossest lies, which teaches their Gospel by the aid of pub lic, notorious, convicted slander, which converts parsons into disturbers of the public peace, which d grades Bishous below the level of the tap-room, Which forwards discord, encourages extermination, which brings the Gospel into contempt, and which, by exasperating millions of Irishmen, forms a vulnerable point in the bulwarks of the British Empire. In my next letter, my Lord, I shall conclude by introducing additional extracts, which I pre dict will surprise you much more than those to which I have already called your attention. I have the honour to be, my Lord, Your Excellency's obedient servant, Di W. CAHII.L. D.D. 