'A POLICY!' Ml' Blair has been defeated at Emerald Hill, and MfA'Beckettat Collingwood. As tliis result is what the public expected, it will not, like the election for the city, cxcite any suvprise. But, as we aro almost invariably an exception to the general rule, we may bo allowed to express our surprise that Mr A'Beckett has not managed matters better at Collingwood. It would be a gratuitous insult to that district to compare it with the ! city ; but it would also bo gratui tous flattery to suppose that it would bo more successful in withstanding tho demoralising iniluenccs which wealth and power can bring to bear upon a contestod election. Mr A'Beckett's failure would, therefore, lead to the inference that ho has been relying, liko Mr Blair, upon his merits, and not upon the more potent machinery of bribery and corrup tion. Wo . did not visit Collingwood during tho day, and cannot, therefore, found any conclusion upon our own observation ; but, judging by results, we should say that it was saved from the pollution of John-Thomasism, Mr A'Beckett must oither havo been ignorant of tho practices which are ' very fair at such a time,' or he must have scorned to resort to them. Foolish man ! Has ho gained anything by his adherenco to principlo? Ho has only vulgarised himself, and thrown tho purity of his character open to suspicion. Had he spent a «ouplo of thousand pounds in uobblers, a hundred or two ill cabs, an unlimited amount iu placards, and hired all tho available black guards of the district as electioneering agcnts- ho would have been regarded as a truly virtuous and estimable man. Who stauds so high now in public estimation as John Thomas ? Who can exhibit so cloan a character? His white choker is not more iinmaculato than his reputation. It is, in fact, the outward and visible sign of the iuward and invisible graeo of purity of life and conversa tion. Said one of his friends to us, on the da}' of election, ' It is a question of character, sir. lie is determined to show that ho is not the infamous character the Argus represents him.'' And so, to prove that ho is not an infamous character, ho perpetrates infamy on a more extensive scale, and more unblusliingly than ever ! But the popular logic is very perverse. J ohn Thomas is now a better man than Henry Lang lands or James M'Culloch. He has received absolution, and is once more restored to society. The ghost of Tommy Barber will no longer haunthim. By ono gran dguzzlo lie lias swamped the press, which ought now in penitence to cry out peccavi, or hold its tongue. 'Twere wisdom to adopt the latter alternative, only that a jour nal is under the inexorable necessity of always saying something. But wo know that it is useless. We write with the consciousness that were wo to expend half a dictionary of down right truth about John Thomas, he would neutralise it all with riobblers. Ballot or no ballot, votes aro to be had in hundreds at a nobbier a-pieco; and votes, liko charity, cover a multitude of sins. Mr Stawell knows this secret. So does Captain Clarke. Some simple-minded correspondent of the daily press was trying the other day to piovo that the proclamation of martial law was illegal. How can tlmt be? Is not Mr Stawell returned for Melbourne? Tho martial law business was wrong up to Tuesday even ing; but since that time it has been right. A contemporary said the rejection of Mr Stawell would causo a re-action against liberal opinions. We can estimate the calamity we have escaped by observing the re-action caused by his return. Liberalism is at the samo discount now as Tommy Barber. Tiii3 is so apparent that tho Government must now be annoyed at them selves for making so many concessions. It was wholly unnecessary, and has nothing to recommend it but its economy, — a considera tion of no importance to well-pensioned place men. The policy of concession will now be abandoned. Wholesale corruption will answer equally well. Constituencies and candidates can be bought for a comparative tride, and at the public expense, too. Where they cannot buy the one, they can buy the other. For example, North Grenville is a mining consti- tuency which, as including part of Ballarat, is not likely to sell itself to the Government; and in proof of this, it has selected one of the "men of Victoria" who is the very incarnation of opposition to the Government. Need we say that we refer to the arch-rebel of the Eureka — the independent and incorruptible Peter Lalor ? Who so fit to represent Ballarat as the man who is in himself a living demonstration of undying hostility to the Government? So the miners think; but Peter — this incorruptible Peter — has just gone back to his constituents with a Railway Inspectorship in his pocket, and, of course, comes under the operation of the ukase which requires all representatives holding Government appoint- ments to be Government supporters, in other words, Government nominees! Were Peter less popular, of course he would not venture upon such a barefaced act of treachery; but, being "sure of his election" he has the greater confidence in offering to sell his constituents at a small figure. Peter's price is not high — only £500 per annum. He must have been pressing; for had he stood out, he could have doubled tho money. But possibly it is their maximum estimate of the value of a mining constituency. Poor North Grcnvilleites! Flushed with success, all the Government jockeys that can be got will be mounted for the Consolation Stakes. The working men of Melbourne and Emerald Hill have proved a broken reed. It now remains to be seen whether the miners are made of the same merchantable stuff. Duncan Longden has returned to town, and reports that Talbot is to be had cheap. Overtures will be made to all the other constituencies; and unless the miners be thoroughly aroused, who can say what may happen? They must not suffer themselves to be deluded. They are now the forlorn hope of democracy. If faithful, the battle may yet be won; but, if indifferent, away goes the colony into the whirlpool of Stawellian despotism! 