CONSTANTINOPLE AS-IT IS. A GBNTMMA.ÍÍ who -visited the Turkish capital so re- cently as the 3rd of- April, sends-his impressions pi it ?to one of the homo journals, in a letter, of which the following is a transcript :- . . - . " Perhaps a letter from. Constantinople, describing it as I have: just seen it, may be worthy of its space in your paper, as it has been occupying so large a space in the eye of thc public in consequence of tho war. Some days ago, in going on deck in the morning, I found we were entering tho Golden Horn^ or Bay of the city, 'and tho scene before us vf sis of tho most sublime nature': I have oven known described in thc regions bf fancy. The city of the Sultan partly faces . tho Sea of Marmora i but? from- Seraglio Point, where .the Golden Horn commences, . thc city cir- cumambulates a bay, pf. tho most extensive kind, ¿and spreads onwards ^towards"''the Bbspliprus in unending) .grandeur,"? glittering' 'with numerous domes, minarets,- mosques,' arid towers of groaf lofti -ness; while on the; opposite side stands the'towii.ol Scutari,- with the fine hospital and: barracks. "Tin splendid new palace pf the Sultan,'; in, .finest- Italiùr architecture, with its massive railirigs "and çrcén ant golden' gates,which stand-along the margin ? of .'tin waters ; tho- new harem, and; continued- stfuóture.¿ ó .vast dimension for tho many. Pachas who liovo;thei: ? palaces here, ennoble,tho scene, and render it glowingly picturesque.'-"' ' ; . -'S Z// *,i ^-.^ .. . You are delighted witli -tho g'ittbr, tho' grandeur . and tho greatness, of all ; 'and"the immense shipping and capacious bay lead you to; suppose yoii/are goinj ashore to' seo wonders,.and, marvellously now: sight "that must transcend tho'scrprPnris or. London,] -.. .., , '.Alas ! tho spell quickly'dis3olves.; You row-rhshor.e 'and, oh;!:i; can scarcely take yoii suddenly iritojth awful, the melancholy delusion. : Lons; eros you rend thc wharves,'a .painful: - sensation . in. -tho olfactory .organ seizes yôù with/almost overpowering intensity Thn quay isl'crowded to suffocation, ajid so brók'civuí in holes i from tho" rotten-planks giving way, that ybï are like to fall through into the filthy margin of th sea at every step, while the accumulated dirt lies a foot deep everywhere, with the slight exception of partial footing. You shoulder your way through tho crwd, think ing you will soon, get into pleasant central streets, such as we can boast of in Britain. Oh ! what a mis- take ; you pick your steps through a continual dung hill; crowded as ever ; for how can it be otherwise, when the filth of seven hundred thousand inhabitants floats along the top of the streets, without a common sewer in the town? And what streets? Narrow winding acclivitou3 gutters of about eight feet wide, deepening to the centre, and the , stones a foot high alternate with hollows, or just the ' same as fixed rubbish that has fallen, and been trodden in by the feet of a great population ; so greasy, too, that if two persons can stagger side by side together, the one is sure to bespatter the other ; while the wooden houses, like old orange-boxes and coal sheds hang- over your head nil but supporting each other-raw effluvia everywhere. When you enter a street, it holds its tortuous way for such a time that there is no escape. If you keep looking at your feet, a strong fellow with a saddle on his rump coming half-bent with half a log of wood on his back, or another with a hundredweight of iron bars, may go right through you before you are aware, or another with an immense burthen of boxes will entirely cram the street from side to side", or a regiment of camels, with enormous burthens, cause you to spring into the first open door you see, and stand trembling till they pass. I had read of this place, I had formed a bad opinion of it, I had been told not to go ashore ; but what l have seen by doing so utterly beggars all description, and far exceeded my worst anticipations. Nothing has boen done to improve the sanitary con- dition of Stamboul since time immemorial. No on« seems to improve any place. All sit cross-legged smoking two-yard-long pipes at their shop entrance, which is neither a door nor a window, but a sort of Dlatform, that closes down at night like a trap- door to a cellar. The Bazaar is also a sort of Herculaneum, dark, and covered over with roofs, of some kind or other, supported by thousands of irregular pillars, while the countless intersecting lanes inside are also>. mud and filth gutters, and the miles of shops, as before said, are boxes of the most St. Giles—like holes, even where the most fanciful articles are paraded for sale. No doubt there may be some places farther on, or out of town, that may be tolerable, nay, even grand, but how can you reach them through such an ordeal ? Besides, every place is infested with semi-mad dogs, that belong to nobody. They may be yclept the sca- vengers of the city : for as the rats have no place of abode-there being no subterranean dwellings-they also den among the mud, and these dogs are preserved to destroy them. I lived on board my ship the six days I was here, for I would not tread the streets of such a place at night. It would be as much as a Scotchman's life is worth, as there is neither cleanliness, godliness, order, nor light. They are worshippers of the false prophet, Mahomet—and a pretty example of decency, poly- gamy, deceit, and dirtiness he has left them. Yet, in their mosques which I have visited, they scream out Ali with such tortuous music, that one rather pities than laughs at them. One . other fault with the indolent ignorant boobies, that have cost us so much money in war-(I hope, however, only with an eye to our own protection or aggrandisement)-is thc state to which they have reduced woman, and pre- vented her advancement in the social scale. Not having seen the inmates of the Sultan's harems, I can say nothing of them ; but I have seen those of others, and a very painful picture they present. I have seen a eunuch, with a stick, marching out as many as a dozen women to give them an airing, for his master, as a gamekeeper does dogs. All is modelled upon the silent system, and they follow their leader in silence.. In a dozen or so there will be black and white, tall and little, thick and thin, young and old, and he who can keep most of these fashionable slaves is the greater gentleman. This is another part of their pro- phet's Koran. Coleridge was once asked if he believed in ghosts, and answered, " I have seen too many to believe in them." In like manner, have seen too many ; for all women here go along with faces tied up in swaddling clothes, and robes round them with their feet stuck in loose yellow boots, and they walk as slow as a funeral. Wherever you see a woman approaching, she comes like a living corpse, with two eyes, like black spectacles, looking through her white vizier. No wonder that we entered on the war, when the Crimea is but 24 hours' sail from Constantinople, and the most eligible port for either the Bussions or any - other nation except the Turks. Talking of Mahometans, we have just arrived in Egypt (Alexandria), with above 400 of them, that we gathered at Constantinople and Smyrna, going on a, pilgrimage to his tomb at Mecca—poor deluded mor- tals !—all fine, strong- bearded, and turban'd men, some very old, but so slothful and inactive in mind, that many sat for whole days together; without open- ing an eye to scenery, or using any other muscles than those which merely filled and smoked their pipes. For five days no one changed his clothes, or washed himself, day or night ;but I suppose they never give themselves so much trouble, at least it did not appear they felt uneasy. TnE BISHOP OP GLOUCESTER AND BRISTOL.-The death of the Right Rev. Dr. James Henry Monk, Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol, took place on the 7th June. The right rev. prelate, who was 73 years of age," had been ill for some considerable time from the effects of a heart disease, and his life waa at all times uncertain, but until within about a day of his demise, he had not (judging-from such ac- ' counts as have reached us) appeared worse than usual. Dr. Monk was prebendary of Westminster, and was consecrated in 1830 to the see of Gloucester, which, upon the demise of Dr. Gray, Bishop of Bristol, had, tho last-named see combined with it, whereby Dr. Monk became Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol. The right rev. prelate was formerly Regius Professor oC < Greek at the University of Oxford. He was accounted a Greek scholer of great-eminence, and was a transía-' tor and editor of some of the old Greek poets. The Sunday-band question appears to have subsided into a compromise. On the 24th of May three depu- tations, appointed at publié meetings of the working classes, waited upon Lisrd Palmerston to present cer- tain resolutions, praying that he would allow the per- formances of the military bands to be resumed in tho parks on Sundays. To' this request his lordship" replied-that the Government could not commit the in- consistency of issuing an order one week, counter r manding it the next, and then're-issuing it a fortnight afterwards. As it was obvious from this answer that ? nothing was to be expected from Government," the 'people took up the matter boldlv, and provided bands of their own. The next day, .Sunday, private' bands appeared in the parks, and'.public demonstrations were made by large assemblages in the shape of speeches " and resolutions ¡ but the' oratory was brought to a. . sudden termination by heavy showers of rain; and the : eager groups were speedily dispersed. On the suc- ceeding Sunday, June 1st, HydePnrk and Kensington Gardens resumed their ordinary appearance. Great numbers of people assembled, including'?.". a large proportion of tho higher -classes :. there were no bands, ond everything passed off quietly. In the Rc gent's-park a private band-' played - on the stage that had been previously erected by-Government for-tho performnce of tho miUtary bands. Here; a vast-multi- ' tude congregated, and thc greatest order and dccoruni , prevailed. Itis'noiv stated on authority that, although the Government will not directly sanction tho military1 bands, they have intimated their willingness to sane- : tiori any private . bands the people may themselves provide in the Regent's and Victoria Parks : und thus r thc difficulty'is., settled;. .... .,>;<. .Among Palmer's quondam friends-the sporting, fraternity-tho excitement throughout tho whole trial ran high, and was, shame "to say, iucrqased by avast amount of money risked in the shape'of betsy the oUds varying daily, and oven hourly, according to tho dif- ference iri the testimony given bj' the various witnesses.. A quarter, ol' a million sterling depended upon the issue of the-,ease. :'. As a curious coincidence;- it may bo mentionod that.'during, the same weeklnst year it .was expected that Palmer would' have .won a con siderablo sum of money on thc Oaks, which he was f bnly, prevented .from doing by mi accident' happening ? tb his filly (Nettle), ; just after ; starting *fór', thc race ; i'.'while this; year, the horse expected to -win the Oaks I, ms-Mermaid;' fomerly''ttío'property¡'of.Pólme^;í' It is now, rumoured in theatrical/.circles (says 'the Aßeh&'üm) that the Duke of :-Bedford' reclaimed the land and-ruins of.old Covent Garden Theatre, only in order: to place apew at the disposal of those who ,nre resolute to re- establish tito Royal. Italian Opera' ; nnd, that the.thontre is-to' be rebuilt on it's bid site, with al-: tëra'tions andiimpr'ovembnts.; .,' .' '"".'/ ' The'great theatrical event. of;,the/fortnight-iinloed'.-.'. of, tho yenr-^-is Madame Ristori's first appearance be-. : .fore tho ; English public, Thaiglfted .actress. has_re . ceivod from ¡tho unanimous 'enthusiasm of un audience 1 crowded but select,- sympathetic yet: discriminating, d'confirmation of: ;the -jûdgmeut of the Continental, critics. - v- v.-.;; . . - . ? -- .. . ....'" i .> Another prima 'donna.;. Madame Albertini, who some" sayis/, likely to in'pye more nso'fnl than Piceolomini, .hos] achieved a grent success at lier Majesty's Tlieàtre.v, Shb is ah Englishwoman by birth (Miss Aitcheson), -. : nñdV for : í*purf or five years . in' Italy. was - d cser vedly-; ípopular.'.-ií'-' - ..--' .- . . v. ? ' ' .;., Tho noxt ilebtit of note will be Johanna Wagner, as :'Romeo, in.thje " Capulètti,'.' on tho 14th May... Great1 ?? ^ curiosity ia expressed .to witness this line actress. 