. - .i VJIJJ—MJF- -4l 'JLUlllT.lZt,, ...... , To the Editor of the Mount Alexander Mail. Sib, — A circumstance lately came to- my know ledge of so amusing a nature, that I think its nar ration will entertain your readers as much as it did myself, I will therefore describe the occurrence pro bono publico, freely translated, for the beuelit of the public digestion. A Chinaman on epicurean thoughts intent, attracted by the sight of several remarkably fine young roosters, or in search of provender for some ".feast of hungry ghosts" recently called on a friend of mine, and singled out the pride of the hen-house, as the viotiin for sacrifice. After the usual amount of parleying, and fifty per cent of the value had been offered and refused, an abate ment was made in accordance with Celestial ideas of business propriety, and the bargain was struck. Nothing now remained but " to catch the hare' — the first rule in gastronomic philosophy. The chase commenced, the bird running for life and death, and its owner as eager in pursuit'. Now he would almost capture the prey by a sudden grasp, and now it would as suddenly elude his expectant fingers ; now the panting and ex hausted Chanticleer would appear at its last gasp, and then an unforeseen stumbling-block would I cause him to measure his length on mother earth, and give a new lease of liberty to the feathered biped. John grinned applause and seemed to enjoy the fun amazingly. Whilst engaged in this absorbing pastime, my friend who had left the luxurious Tartar in close proximity to the dormi-ory of bis oviparous family, was arrested by a report like a smothered pistol- shot. .Knowing the national proclivity of his visitor to confound mcum with tuum. the cause of the sound at once flashed upon the mind of the " govi ruor of the roost" as a Celestial would say ; niul oil turning the corner, a spectacle methis eyes which provoked an irrepressible explosion of laughter. John Chinaman had over- reached himself and been, caught in a trap of his own setting. A nest egg which, had given many a reluctant pullett the first serious thoughts of rearing -a family, lay temptingly within reach, half .buried in its nest. To cast a stealthy glance around, to snatch the ivory spheroid,'and thrust it in his mouth, were but the work of a moment.. ,But. oh. .haplew opium-eat"' ' Xu ' uis Suilty ,mste> a fracture was made, the pent up gas escaped, and the shell burst in his very jaws. In vain all attempt at concealment! Not eyen the. omni vorous Chinese stomach could tolerate the foetid contents of a putrid eg£, and it spurted out iti a pestiferous shower over face anil clothes. To be thus detected flagrante delicto, to bear about olfactory evidence, which it would' be difficult to eradicate, of his furtive attempt, and tobe changed for the nonce into a sort of humanskunk, brought the blush of shame into John's brazen physiog nomy, and he looked unutterable things. Glad to remove from the " red haired barbarian" con vulsed with mirth at the supremely ridiculous nature of the punishment, the culprit paid for his bargain and hurried away, thinking no doubt that sometimes even a Tartar mav be cauuht. TIMOTHEUS. 