MISCELLANY CirAnACTEimTic Letter from Tho mas CablyIib;— At a meeting, of ? the Annan Mechanics' Institution the follow ing letter of npology was read from Carlyle, who is a native of Annan and re ceived his education nt its academy : — ♦'Sir, — Will you be so kind as to ex press to the gentlemen of your committee my thanks for tlie honour done me, and my regret to answer, ns I now do, th.it 'nrcfe-jfijipl the leaet possibility of : mj' attending the soiree you are about to hold. You judge rightly that 'Annan.has such a hold oi my memory as few other places in iho world huve. Thcie can nothing useful or. notable go on there that does not peculiarly interest me ; no attempt towards being 'useful, but has my hear tiest guod wishes, and this soiree among others. May it really prosper and be of benefit to you perhaj s even . more iriipor tant and still rarer in these times, may the good words spoken begin straightway, sir lently, on all hands, to gut, themselves prepared for being done into facts, and so the pleasant eloquence convert itself into valiant human practice, without which little, nay nothing, or even, if we count well, a frightful minus quantity, fatally less than nothing. In great haste, with many wishes and regards, 1 Lave.' tie honour to be your obedient servant, T. Cablvle. ' A Mexic/in Silver Mine. — I went down an inclined plane eo long thai the joints of my legs knocked together, and arrived at last, worn out and breathless, at the extremity of the lasl ga.lery, which formed a right angle with the grand shaft, whose black mouth yawned at my feet. This shaft was carried down still lower. The miners had ii'it yet arrived. To a solitary wo. kman, who, seemed to have been forgotten, these vast cata combs, was assigned a most dangerous and frightful task, Close at hand, another shaft full of water was in process of beini; slowly emptied by means of , an enormous bag of oxhide attached to a cable of the malacate. When full, il was raised by meaiii of the iuvisib'e machine twelve hundred' feet above; bit, . beinj vlo'ently drawn iu an ob ique direction towards the a us of the grand shaft, the bag, distended wilh water, was iu danger of being cut against ihe sharp rocks, bad not ihe workman deadened Uiu impulse il had leceived from the first' motion of the \nalucale. On a narrow space 'between the two pits, iu the midst of a'mosl utter daikn &s;, the peon held on to a double rope passed round the cable, whose two extremities he held in his hands, then as hi: was pulled with a; fearful rapidity ' to the mouth of 0 e, gu'f, he let go all at once one of the ends' uf the rope, aud the bar' struck the oppqsjte side of the rock gently ; htit,- l.ad.he'made one false step, or let go the rope a second too lute, he w uld have been dashed down an almost unfathomable abyss', I regarded the un happy wretch, who, every quarter of an hour during the whole day, hazarded his life for scinly wages with a feeling of pity aud commiseration. The bug h'ad already ascended and descended four times, that is to say, an - hour hud elapsed, and uol a single person hid yet appeared. I must confess, that at tlie sight of the dark gloomy shaft wheh I ha I to ascend, I fell my spirits sink some what j and as the old miner, did not make his appearance; I pardoned him iu my heart wilh 'a good grace, when, through the thick darkness,, the cable of the malacite came into sight- A feeble glimmer lighted up the dump walls, aud a voice which was not unknown to . me, calied out, ' Hullo ! friend, is there not a gentleman waiting to go up by the tiro!' I had scarcely answered ilut I was icady when a packet fell at my f el. I untied mech nically the cord which encircled it. The parcel contained a vest, trousers of thick- wool, a leathern baton, and a kind of r- pe made of the bark of the aloe. I asked in some terror if the vest and trowsers were quite sufficient to deaden a full of twelve hundred feet- As for lhe*leathern baton and the plahed strap, I guessed their use at one. The workmen hear me described the use ; of each .of these articles. The woollen clothing was lo keep me from being wetted by the water, which shot forth in tine r.iinal certain pk.ee of the s'.aft. ' t wns t - attach myself to the cable by means of the.plai'ed st'ap, and the baton was to prevent me from being dashed to p'eces on the rock by the oscillations of the rope. ' Make haste ?' cried my invi sible guide ;' ' «e have no time lo lose.' 1 put on the clothes With all speed, drew ihe cable towards' me,' and grasp. d it (irmly with my hands, ciossing my legs likewise over it. The p.-on passed the sir. p twice or thrice round my b dy and under my thighs, so as to form a kind of scat, lied the two ends, firmly to the cable, and placed tbc batons iu mv hands He had senrcely tlnished tlun I felt my self lifted from the ground by . an invi sib e power. 1 spun round three or four times, and wheh I recovered from my as astonithment found mjself nlieady swinging over the gulf. * * When 1 considered1 thai five minule3 had elapse.1 since th-.' first movement of the malacate, I ventured to look above and below me. the shaft seemed lo be divided into three distinct zone«. At my feet a thick darkness dimmed the h rror of that gulf which no eye.coul: fathom; white, tepid vapours rose slowly from the dark bottom and mounted towards : us. Around, me, the guide's torch ligliied up with a smoky glimmer the green walls of rock) cut and torn in all directions by the pickaxe and the wedge. In the upper region a column of thick mist pressed round the circle of light produced by our torch, and shut us out coinple ely from the light of day. At this moment the machine. stupped'to. give' the horses 'breath, I clutched anew os if it were slipping from. me,. and shut; my eyes to avoid looking downwards. ?? This halt '.is es pecially for you ' said my guide. ' I had forgotten that I was to tell you a story', and this affords me time.' Without waiting for my reply, the miner com menced a recital; Whose incidents ? and minute details could not, in a dangerous ascent like this, fail to be deeply engraven on mv memory. ? The attention 1. gnve to the na rator kept my mind from dwelling npon the dangeious position in which 1 was at. the. moment, and this cessation of thought I wdtjld have wel comed at almost any price. ?,* We were gradually approaching the' mouth uf the tiro, as I could discover by the light shining through tlie fog which still en veloped us ; besides, the' higher we got, the gulf appeared more frightful. 'Do you know what distance we are fioin the bottom of the mine'?' cried the guide. ' Five-and-a-half limes the height of the towers of the Cathedral of Mexico.' To confirm this assertion, the miner drew from his belt a bundle of tow steeped in pitch;- which he lighted at his touch. My strained eye could scarcely follow it as it slowly descended the pit like n' globe of lire, till it gradually became small as one of those*pale stars whose light scarcely reaches our earth. — Vagabond, Life in Mexico. The President of the United States. — It is not unnecessary clearly to define a matter which, from the' daily dis course upon American, affairs; ought to be thoroughly understood ;' rfor;it is our habit in this, country to speak freely, of matters which we' often bill partially un derstand,' The president is. the deposi tory of the executive power of th-* States. Both he and the vice-president; 'who is ex officio president of the senate, and who succeeds him should he die during His term of office, are elected for four yea- s by the cleclois, who meet within their re spective states, and vote for them by ballot.; The list of votes in each Stale is forwarded under seal, to the president whose term is expiring, who having opened tl.em, de clares his successor. The president is assisted in the government by a cabinet, consisting of five heads of departments and an attorney -general, all of whom hold office dui ing his pleasure. The various departments are — those .of State, em bracing home and foreign affairs ; the treasury department, superintending all fiscal affairs of the government, and all matters telaling to the regulation and im provement of the revenue ; the war de partment, superintending every branch of military affairs, tlie erections of fortifica tions, the making topographical surveys, &c.;,; the navy department, and the gene* ral post olfice. The president is more over, commander-in-chief of the army and navy of the United States, and of the miltiia of the several states, when called into active service. He has also the power to make treaties, provided two thirds of the senate concur. He appoints the officers of State, ambassadors, consuls, and the judge -of 'the supreme courts ; he receives foreign ambassadors, and can grant reprieves and pardons 'for offences against the United States, except in cases 'of inpeachment, The refusal of Washington, and Jefferson — the first' and third presidents of the great American re public—to be elected a third time, has had the effect of establishing it as a rule that no president shall hold office for more 'two terms.'' Under the first and se cond presidents— Washington and Adams, both federalists— the republic- may be may be said to have been consolidated. Under Jefferson, the leader of the demo crats, and dismissed by Washington from the office of secretary at war on account of his extreme opinions — il commenced the extension of its teritory, which it has pursued' with such tenacity aud success up to the present time. — Morning Ad vertiser. Latb Rising:.— Lying long and late in bed impairs, the henlth, generates diseases, and in the cud destrovs the. - live* of multitudes. It is an intemperance, of the most l.ei'iro'oua kind, having uotlrng to recommend il ; for to be asleep when we ought to b? up, as lo be dead for the time. ?,?'' This tyrannical habit attacks life in ils essential | overs; mnkt!» the blood forget its way, and creeps lazily along- the veins; relapses the fibres, unstrings tlie nerves, evaporaiea the animal spirits, and dulls the, fancy, and subdues and sliipiliex a man toBiiuh a degree, thai he hath no appetite for anything; he loathe labour, yawns for want of tlio iglit, trembles ai the sight of a spider, and, in the prese-ice ol that, at the creatures of his own glo. m iroaginnti'.n.' A Guo-t St. 'BY. — As illustrative of the. terror in which ^bost?, apparatious,' or spectres were held, especially ip the neigh bourhood of chin chy ards, the following anec lote occurs to me. A parish' uiiu ister in Foifaishiie w-is desrous ol having his pulpit JJible on a Saturday night.- It was a dark nighij and late, and, although ihe disianco from ihe n.anse lo the church was by no nxons great, yet John, tlie miiiistei's man who waB a firm believer in ghosts—of whom be' enter tained a particular dread and dislike — would not venture to pass through ihe churchyard tit such an hoar, unles* he wae accompainud by his masier. The re. verend gentleman wns unfortunately l'nmc, bul he consented to beer John company on the usual condition that he .would carry him (the minister) on bis back. John not altogether satisfied as to tho re sult of buch an expedition, * consented, and wilh the pastor on bis back, and the Bible under his aim, he wns proceeding through 'the graveynid. S.iddeuly n hoarse, uneurthy whisper was heard. ' ' In be fat?' said the voice. John, in the ul utmusl trspidition,', and with every hair bristling ou his head, caBt uff his masier, exclaiming — 'Belie fat or be he lean, take him as he is I' ami look to his heels with, the utu:O3t precipitation, John's Btrength, ho wtver, seemed to have failed him, ns the minister, notwilbslanding ' his lameness got home first. The adven ture was, 'next morning, satisfactorily, ex plained by tilt! absence of a sheep from from the neighbouring fold, 'which hnd been stolun during the night. — Dr- Ro gers on ' ScoU'tsli Superstition.' A' Ladies Opinion. — The meanest and must coi.iemplible of mankind may yet find pome human advocate ; and male conqueltes have at least one dele .der. The poet Camp bell says he once beard a lady of dislinguished beauty and rank, defend Sir.Thomns Lawrence from the chargii ol havinsr been guilty of paying 'attention to the ladies without intending' to follow them up. by an offer of. his hand. , A gen ileinan remarked that he thought Sir Tno in as was highly blameable, 'No,' re plied the lady, who wns aaid to have been herself the' object' of the great painter's attentions ; ' no not exactly — not so much to blame,' said the lady,, musingly. 'What I' exclaimed the gentleman, 'you astonijh me!' Not to blame for such coiklucl 1' No, not so much,' wui still the Ibdy's musing response- — '? Can you really, mndnm,' said the gentleman again, ' defend si|ch behaviour as ade sertio.i — ' Why sir,' interupted ihe lady, ' to confess the. truth, I am , 'firmly of opinion that the majority of woman wou'd rather be cout ted aud jilted limn not cour. ted at all.' A Few Qukstions Uequikino Answer. — When n reviewer or other writer has crammed himself to choking with some particularly nbstuce piece of information why'does he introduce it wilh the casual remark, that ' every' schoolby knows 'it1? He didn't . know it himself lasl week. Why is it indispensable that hu should let off a vast number of extraordinary fictions in common use, but this fiction ol the schoolboy is ihe mosl unaccounlble to me of nil. It supposes the schoolby to know everything. The schoolboy knows iho ex act distance, to an inch, from the moon to UranuB. ' The schoolboy knows every conceivable quotation from the Greek and Latin authors! The schoolboy is up ut .present nud has been this two years, iu the remotest corners of the maps of Rut«i« and Turkey, |-rcv iautly (b which iisplny ofhisg^ogi npbicnl bccoinpliislimenlf lie had been o.ilheinoBl iptimule terms with ihe whole of the gold regions of AuBtra lia. If there were a run against the monetary system of the country to-morrow we would find this prodigy of a schoolboy down upon us with the deepest mysteries of banking and the currency. We have nearly got rid of the Irishman who stood by us so tan.', nud did 60 much public service, by enabling the narrators of ficii tons anecdotes to introduce them with ' An the lrishmnn said.' We have got quite rid of the Fienchin-in who was for many yrars in partnership with him. Are we net er on any terms to gel rid of the schoolboy? If tho Court Circular be a sacred institution for the edification iof a free people, why is ihe moit nbhored villiin alw.iy invested, in rijht of that ' frightful distinction, with a Court Circular of his o x n? Why am I always to be told abuut ihe ruffian's pleasant manners, hit easy ways, hid, agreeable smile, his nffible tnlk. the ptofouud convic.ion of his innocence that he blandly wafts' into the Bof. bisoms uf guileless lambs uf turnkeys the orthodox nir with wh'ci'i he comes and yui'B willi his Bible and Pmyer-book iu his hand, along tho yaid, that I fervently hope may have not o.illei. for him but'tliH gulluws ? Why am I to bu dosed and dienched with the n.iUReous particuhrs in the case of every wietih sufficiently atrocious lo become their subject V. Why am I sup,ios--d never to know all about it beforehand, and never to have beeu pelie.l with aimi'nr mud iu my life 9 Hits not the whole dctiutablu programme been presented to me without variation fifty times ? Am I :iol familiar with every line of it, from its not been generally k..own that bhnnner «as much respected in the county of Binnkshire, down to the virtuous heal of Uilluns, Sbarinn'r's couusel, when, in h.s eloquent address, he cautions the jury men ubout their laying their bead--. on their pillows, and is moved to pious wruth by tlfewickid predisposition of hu man n.i:ure to object to the foulest murder t lint its faculties enn imagine t . Why, why, why, must I have the Newgate Court Circular over and over again, as il t e ..genuine Court Circular were not enough lo make me modestly independent, ptoud, gr.iteful, and happy 1 When 1 ovcihear my friend Blackdash inquire of my friend Astbri»k whether he k:io\vs Sir Giles Scioggingj, why does Asterisk reply provisionally, iin I wilh limitation, thai he has met him ?.'-. Asterisk knows as well fts I do that he line no acquaintance wilh Sit Giles Scroggiuys ; why does he hesitate, to Buy so, point blank'? A man may not even know Sir Giles Eicrog^ings by sight, yet be a man for a' that. A man may: dis tinguish himself, wittiout the privily and aid of Sir Gilrs Scroggins. Ii is even sup posed by some that a man may get to Heaven without being introduced by Sir Giles Suroggine. Then why not come out with the bold declaration, ' I really do not know Sir Giles Ssrougins and I have' never found thai eminent p«rsoo in the ItMSt necessarry to toy existence?' — Household JVords. ' '. Freemasonry in Turkey. — Although fur the last thirty years il has .been sup posed that freemasmry cxist'd in Turkey, yel it was only about five years ugo that anything certain was ascertained on the subject. About ihal time a commercial traveller, a freemason, while in Belgrade, was introduced into a Turkish Lodge by a Christian p ofessir, and there met with a brotherly reception. ' The Turkish free masons call themselves Dervishes, and continue to be Mussulmans, but. they have the same ceremonies and the same signs as ihe Freemasons 'of Europe, and pursue the same objects of humanity and benevolence. They appear to have raised themselves above the prejudices of Islamism, as they do uot ndinil polygamy, and women were present, unveiled nt at tho binqutt of the Lodge.-). The Lodge of Belgrade, called AH Kotch, is composed of t-cventy mem bers.- -Its master, Tanzi-Ismail-Zcholakr Mehomel-Saede, is at the same time grand-mas er of-the Lodges in European Turkey, and has relutions with all the Lodges of the Turkish Empire, and also wilh those of Arabia and Persia., Those in the Ottoman E nptre are numerous. Constantinople has five, the most famous of which is the Covent' of the Turning D rvishes of Serekeeschi .Teeka, Iu Turkey the order counts 508,000' mem bers. The Turkish freemasons wear, as a distinctive mark, a small brown shawl, oriMinented wilh different figures, and a small tablet of white. marble, about two inches in diameter, poli-Jied and having red spots, which signify spots uf blood, and are a remembrance of Ali, '?.'?? who iu troduceJ freemasonry into Turkey, 'and was punished wilh death for so doing. The Inspiration op the1 Pip b.— Mr. Holland, iu his recently published biogra phy of the poet James Mont^o nery, gives the f How ing .anecdotes : — 'On passing a shop window, the poet suddenly stopped. Montgomery—' That is a: beautifullook ing tobacco. I want a little:; but it is an article upon which, I presume, you can exercise no judgment.1 , Ho.land— 'No, Sir: and posterity will, I'doubt notj be a little surprised, sho aid I ever take it by the button, nnd say, ' Montgomery was a smoker !' Montgomery — ' Posterity will care u ithing about ihe matter.' \ At all events, many better and greater men than myself have had recourse to Ihe pij e, though, I believe, none of them eve'r u-cd it more moderately than I have done.' The list of noteableinen who have used tobacco would, certainly, be a long, if not a curious one. We, at this . moment, re: collect, as belonging toil, the names of Milton, llobbes, Dr. Purr, llev. Hobert Hall, Burns, Sir Waller Scott, Lord Byron, Campbell, Moore, Bloomfield, &c.;' [To this Hat of smokers— or, as Mr. Hol land vaguely suggests, men who, have 'used tobacco' — we (Nonconformist) beg to add,' among the living, Sir Edward JJulwer Lytton, Alfred Tennyson, the Kev. Charles Kingsley, Napoleon III, and ourselves! Would that Mr. Holland be longed to this glorious company of smokers 1 He knows not lio-.v ranch is lost to his literary works, of the concen tration and vividness, which the practice 'of smoking powerfully assists 1 Birth or the French Prince.— Con- cerning this event, wu quote from the Falriejit the lGl.li of March, as follows ? — ' At one o'clock on^ Saturday mot aiDl r; the Empreii felt the first paini, and fr0lj ;. '. that moment until -he hour of her d( livery, on Sunday, pt a quarter past thr,, her Majesty experienced at interval acute suff -rings, interrupted by momenta, relief. D-iring the whole of Saturday and the following night, the physiciat in attendance, seeing tier Majesty a pr( to such sufferings, believed thai hi delivery was at hand, when a miti(-atio of her pains in'ervened and retarded th event so impatiently desired. The fa press then either enjoyed a little repm, or walked iu her room, looking with Je light at the multitude assembled iu ^ garden iu fiont of her windows. Tli Emperor encouraged and consoled herd the most tender nnd uffectionule exprti siivps. He told her that nil the churcln nere crowded with ihe faithful praym the Almighty for her delivery, and iln all Pari-) was offering to Heaven the mo. nrdient wisl.es in her behalf. The Ifa' press thrii; felt her. courage redouble! the idea that she was ihe object of aut universal sympathy. Finally this morn ing, a few minutes before three o'clotl the. sufferings of her M .jesty assumed^ decided a character that it was deem advisable - to call in the piinces an grand dignitaries of. the empire, to witne* , the birth of the Imperial iufant. ' Itapfl} pears that the sight of so many perBonB produced an effect upon the. Kmprei. which suspended for a moment the open lions of nature. Her Mnj'-sty then ei perienced the most .excruciating agaov .which the skill of the physicians sin ceeded at last in allaying ; and at quatli past three o'clock the Imperial infn , came into the wjorld.. The young Print is of so robust a constitution that he : nearly as big as the child of his nnr« who is two months old. The infant r- inained in the apartment of his motbi until the hourof mass, and after his Lein baptized (ondoye) was removed lo h . - own apartment. Palms were distribute to all ihe persons present at 'Id Tuile'ries.' MKDiCAr, Students. Entranced.— AVhe Mr. ' Caird was one of the minister! - Edinburgh', he preached in a church on gallery of which is allotted to -studenln the Univcrsi-.y. A fnend of ours wasm Sunday afternoon in that gallery when I observed iu the pew before him tivuwi rough lnuking .fellows, with .huge walk ing-sticks projecting'from thvir great coi pockets, and all the unmistakeahle nail «f midioal students. . It was, evident tit were little acuustonied to attend any [ilat of worship. The church,- as , usual, «i crammed to suffocation, and Mr, Csit preached a most stiriing'sermon. Aitfl wound up one paragraph loan ovenvlirliB ing climax, the whole congregation WiH forward in eager and breathless silt-tic A The. medical vtndcnts were under thB general spell. Half rising from theirsralfl they gazed at the preacher with opel j mouths. At length the burst was oitfl. and a long sigh relieved the ' wroughl-til '? multitude. ' The students. sank upon tlitfl ,' seats, and looked at one 'another liieJIjB . and the first expressed his appreciation cH , the eloquence of what he had heard iB i exclaiming half aloud to ? his companioB *. ' Damn it, that's it !' — Frazer's MfigtiW - zino. February, 1856. - ? Strange Article- of--. Ex port. — llM ship Sunny South, says the v*a« /-V«ncinB - News, cleared yesterday' for' China, wiiB--| a freight of seventy dead Chinamen'! TM Herald says that a company of ChineiH are at work in San Francisco, who mill profi'ahle wages in disinterring the driB ' bodies of those celestials who hate diiB here, and sending them to their frieuduB J China: ' ' ' ... I Quite in tiik Dark.^— -A'.-gentIcmiiH lately boasting of the neatness and nB gtilarity of his wife, said— 'If I gel upiH the night, pitch-dark, I ' can find nH * clothes, down to my very, gloves, all'iH their proper places. I was up thismwoB ing befure daylight,' he continued (putBj rj ling his hand into his pocket' for hisbn.B '.. keichit-f), 'and ? ' heft he.pulled ooB I not his haudkercbief, but his vi ife's nigbflj tl cap. ? - ' _ I ? Exphcted Comet. — Astronomers, it SJ ' said, expect the appearance this yeaiflj ' ihe comet of *556, called Charles V.,idH ' t so named from having according to sf^B -1 historians caused that inonnrch to abdiciflj .1 and retire to the^Convent of Sf Jiif, HJ . is the identical wandering star, stitneuBJ which appeared in 1264. in 90S, and iHJ 1 683! Ils return was faxed for 1848, « J it did not answer the call, frightened p^m j haps as a monarchical comet, by tie (^H (i centricilies of that epoch. . The »? T calculations'of the savans do not liu\vti^| ^ admit of much doubt as to the presiB y nearness of its visit. ' t H C PitojBOTED Abtio Expedition. — We to^B is in contempUtion by florae of the savant ol -^M | Royal .Society to make a rcqujsitiun luranolli^B ' j Arctic expo'lition, to bo sent in search of ^'^H relics of poor M'r John Frnnklin and if' '-^B '. comnanions.— United Service Gazette. ^B ' 