LUNGS BRASS, ESQ. ; M.P. CHAPTER II. No sooner was the death of Twaddladum Twaddledee, Esq., M.P. for the ancient borough of Gullnoodle, announced, than candidate's numerable, of all political shades and colours, were in the field, soliciting the honour of representing the worthy electors thereof in the House of Commons. Most of them, however, only appeared to disappear again is double quick time! It Was ' j * "Come like shadows, go depart,' ' with them. Like Paul Pry, they 'just looked in and hoped they did not intrude,' and then vanished again, like so many frightened ghosts. With Cfesar they could stay, * sent, visit,' but they could not add, with thatfamouVold Roman, 'wet;' for, Finding that, after a short effort to flirt and 'coquette with the voters) they could make no impression, they withdrew into oblivion again, like well-behaved nonentities as they were. This coming' withy the waiter and "'going' with the auctioneer went on until the number of what appeared to be bona-fide candidates for the vacant seat was reduced to four, Castlereagh Sidmouth, Esq,, Tory, Charles James Woburn, Esq., Whig, Plausible Paradox, Esquire Peelites, and our hero, Lungs Brass, Esq., Radical We must give a brief sketch of the several political creeds of these gentlemen. Castlereagh Sidmouth,, Esq., of Monopoly hall, in the county of Standfast, was a real specimen of the old ChurcH and King" Tory school of politicians. His grand motto, his great one idea, his beginning and end his Alpha and Omega, his pharmacopoeia, this make-all. Bendall, and save all of statesman ship was feast wätetone'.V Vee clung! to thin as tenaciously as did Dr. Sangrado to his title tveW'prescription ofib|ee3i% and hot water His lore of the old ways the good old path's, warmest wonderfully Her adored the cobwebs on 'thWpHlars of the state's- tendency ' as the state itself. His hatred of the very talk of change W intenW 'Theybrd was an above ; nation to hung Renovation and innovation were synonymous with him,, He looked up Joshua -ay the saint and type and model . Ifto^ísmTfór'commanding (tbs>Bnn'2Hd noon to stand still. -- He had a strong opinion that Galilee Ma dealt much sob gently with by the Inquisition for daring to set the earth intentions "are always safe ofJTjordiBpeoq.esiaii|e$dling intruder with his dangerous philosophy which made me think when they ought to be works tag.' AnjUji to the story of Sir Issac Newton and the apple, is was a most absurd notion to use apples in any way except for pies faded dumplings, and the more choice sorts for desert. Newton, therefore, was a humbug . W yet he considered that the Newton niL; might be called after him, as Stiff S his folly. Sidmouth, moreover, had very strong convictions on the audacity of the Jew in venturing even to dream of sitting in pi hament. When on this topic he always a gretted the glorious days of King John was Richard the First, and èvenVentli&k; to his admiration far back as King PharoakV policy in Egypt. - nahougnf^lsvihat'Dis senters ought to be rated as Dissenters and made to feel that they were Pharaohs and not Brahmins. As to Maynooth it ought to be burnt down at once airfield penal statutes against Popery be re-enacted, and martial law be permanently proclaimed in Ireland. The great mistaken of the age had been the repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts, the admission of Roman Catholics into Parliament the abolition of the shave Trade, the Parliamen- tary and Municipal Reform Bills, and Free Trade, and he would devote his life to the correction of these < evils. But, perhaps his greatest horror of all was felt at what is called " the march of intellect.'! To talk of the edu" cation of the masses almost drove him into a state of frenzy. What did working people want with books and instruction? They ought to be employed all day for their families, and then go to bed to rest and refresh themselves after their toil. The curfew was a glorious institution. The present movement was all in consequence of that dreadful invention, the printing-press, which ought to have been put down at once by the ruling powers and authorities when it was first discovered. Madmen, indeed, talked of the inkstand as the greatest stand yet made in the cause of civilization, but, when he contemplated all the mischief which it had achieved, he could only look at the colour of the ink within it, and see all its results blackened and coloured thereby. Education I was, indeed a most dangerous affair when spoken of for the million. They would be carried away by it. There were mysterious sympathies connected with it, whose dangerous tendencies it would be impossible to counteract. There was peril in the very phrase, "The Republic of letters." They would never hear of " the revolution of the earth upon its axis" without thinking of that popular delusion which murdered Charles the First with the axe of resolution. And astronomy was a most mischievous study. The fixed stars, indeed, were very respectable luminaries in their way, and he had nothing to say against them. In truth, he admired their stationary position. But the ideas of men were altogether unsettled when they heard of planets,' comets and meteors. He had, on the same principle of wishing to keep things, as they were always opposed cheap newspapers and the penny postage. He looked upon the newspapers as a public nuisance, and upon Rowland Hill as the greatest quack of the day He had a private opinion that the latter must be the agent of somebody some where perhaps of the Pope, perhaps of the President of the United States perhaps of the Red Republicans, perhaps of the Emperor of Russia At all events, he was a most dangerous man, encouraging people to be always writing letters to the neglect of their business. It was scandalous, and ought to be put down. His views on foreign affairs. were equally ancient and venerable, The Holy Alliance ought to be revived, the Bourbons to be restored in France, and Don Carlos to be placed on the throne of Spain. Our fleets and armies should walk into the United States, and reduce them into their old condition of colonies The King of Naples should be encouraged, and the King of Sardinia rebuked. As to the monarchs of Belgium and Sweden, he should ever consider them as intruders into the thrones of the ancient royalties of Europe, and speak of them in another fashions which was the Tory candidate for Gullnoodle, Castlereagh Sidmouth/Esq.,1 of Monopoly hall, ,jn the county of Standfast. And strange to say, he' found supporters in that ancient borough. Some of the rich bankers and merchants were warmly for him. The clergy were with him almost to a man. taking, a good looking fellow, and a pleasant one withal out of politics, his cause was decidedly in favour with the ladies., They are naturally Conser vative raven to their use of cosmetics. The old freemen also smiled upon him. They had magnificent traditions, and some of them no small experience, of the money, bags which always follow in the train of a Tory candidate. There was, 'therefore,-!!* strong, cry of Castlereagh Sidmouth, Esq.; for ever, as the successor of Tweedledum Twaddell Easts in the representation of the borough of Gullnoodle. 77s be continued.) ' 