IPSWldB, TUESDAY, JANUARY \S, 1856. Wb observe by an article in the Sydney Morning Herald of the 2nd instant, on the Separation -question, that our contemporary has been a good deal bored by some of bis correspondents, including that model of a political writer, Mr. William Forbter, who bare evidently made themselves ridiculous, — so very ridiculous, indeed, that our contem porary contemptuously advises them to give ' their political economy an airing : ' a gentle ' hint, we take it, that their abortive productions \ We somewhat nauseated the readers of that - journal. One of these sapient individuals, it/ appears, has advocated a ' bucolic colony ' as ! tte best antidote for the 'grinding despotism of ' the towns' ! This is uncommonly rich — quite an original idea. We would suggest that the attention of the Governor-General should be immediately directed to the subject, as he sterns to have great liking for novel schemes, whether feasible or not.,', How delightful it -would be to see the pastoral districts con verted into a new Arcadia, distinguished for the happy and innocent life of its population, with its gentle shepherds, and gentler shep herdesses in the bloom of youth and beauty. There is, however, one objection— it is utterly impracticable. Our modern Ethiopians are not to be coaxed to change their skins ; the colonial leopards, will not obliterate their spots ; we must, therefore, be content to exist in a commercial colony. We have to deal with things as they are, and not with dreams, chinueras, fantasies, and impossibilities loom ing big upon us in a mist of promises of a Utopia, which evades our grasp, and finally disappears from view. With regard to the question of Separation, our contemporary says, that he has seen jno reason to doubt the correctness of the vipws he has already expressed, and ' reiterates \fery emphatically his opposition to those of .the Separationists-' He contends that — ; ' The policy of separation, if consistently earned out, must tend to die minute subdivision ot the territory into a great number of petty communities, each aping the forms of political government, And without the power to give them actual vitality. {The case would be worse than that of the little sove reignties of India, which one of our correspondents puts by way of analogy, because there would h« no possibility of amalgamation or consolidation so long as Australia preserved its allegiance to the Cr^wn of Great Britain.' ; We consider that there is no reason whatever to suppose that the tendency of Separation from the Middle District will have the effect of creating a further subdivision of the territory into petty communities, and we think it wholly unnecessary,- and a waste of prinj to refute such a statement. Besides, the principle of Separation lias been, as we have frequently stated, fully carried out with, respect to Victoria and South Australia, and why sbbuld not the same principle be applied to North Australia. Have those colonies retrograded in consequence of their dismemberment) Their rapid progress in population and wealth since separation took place, is, to our mind, a sufficient answer to the Herald's objections on this point ; and we shall wait—deferentially wait — until stronger and more convincing arguments are brought forward, before we change our own opinions on this subject. There is no analogy whatever between the little sovereignties of India and this colony ; and as for the federation of the different colonies, it will be time enough to moot that question by and by, when tee united voice of the inhabitants demands such a measure. When that time arrives the northern colonists will, doubtless, be as willing as their neighbours to admit its expediency. We now come to — 'The grievances put forward as justifying the extreme measure of separation in the case of Moreton Hay arc not political at all : and we are at a Joss to see how a separate government for the Pastoral Dis tricts of the north would at all remedy them. The complaint made, so far as it assumes an intelligible form, ip, thati ,in proportion to its contribution to the general revenue of the entire colony, the North ern Districts 4° not obtain « quid pro quo in the shape of local expenditure. The administration n\ justice is defective. The expenditure upon local public works in inadequate; the community it taxed for the improvement of other districts, with which it has no direct or indirect communication.' The Herald, in the above summary, correctly states, as far as it goes, the grievances under which we are suffering; but, with its usual want of candour, omits entirely any mention of the inadequacy of our representation, the inefficiency of our present public departments, and the important fact that the waste lands 'B&y;, by a repent act of 'Couucil, be pledged for works executed five hundred miles distant, and from wiiioh the inhabitants wilT not derive any benefit. In proof of this assertion,, .we have only to refer to the establishment of .bite railway, its extension, and the commencement of others hi the Middle District, while ibis ^ort of the colony is left wholly -out of the; question ; there is not even & prettlflhSBrjf survey for one ; and the probability isj that' ouir land revenue will be mortgaged before ' even any attempt is made to supply our. wants in this respect 'And yet the Herald has the hardihood to contend that our grievaiuxte are not 'political/1 attempts to throw dust in our eyes, and taunts us with being a 'puny little isolony, with a Tillage for its capital city, and about one individual to a squnre mile,' an though the immutable principles of right, truth, and justice, were confined to numbers, and to numbers alone. Why die authorities cannot oven govern the Middle District satis factorily, if we may judge from the opposition to the measures iutroduced by the present ad nuuiBti-atiou ; how then can it bo reasonably expected that our wants con be better sup plied if we are compelled to remain ft inert; dependency of that district. .Wo kuow the existing evils ; we both hear and swell the corruption ; we also kuow tlio remedy, and that is Separation. ' The writer iu ; the Herala is a patriot, no doubt, but he its a patriot in barley -sugar. .He proceeds :— 'So long us the grievance is merely one of lies r^niremonte unheeded, ww think -we' 'can suggc abettetS^etntsnyWanour friends b*Vfe c'jalk.-rt v. for themselves. Hie old falnVw the bundle o Bticke furnuheti the best answer to their day dream of ambition. The entire colony is#t pigment a con federation, thongb not such an one as we Should desire to see established in Australia. Its strength is in its union, for all purposes of government; but once lop off a limb of the parent stem, and you deprive th* severed member of the source of its vigour, and indeed of its vitality. The several members of the body politic may administer their local atfairs without destroying the unity of the system of- government The district of Moreton Bay, as a community, can make its own roads, can | . Improve and maintain its own ports and harbours, I . Ban support its own inferior tribunals of justice, , cvithout any reference to die centi al seat of Govern- i ; ment at all, and yet without losing its voice in the , : collective councils of the colony. We see no conBti- 1 . tutivnal difficulty in the way of its raising its own : revenue, and of appropriating it too, for any of the : ' nbovc purposes ; which, after all, are merely muni- j ' jinal, and which, in all well -governed countries, are j' wisely separated, as subjects of fiscal regulation, from the province of the General Government The j details of Government are much better left to the particular communities interested to manage for hcaisclves, and experience has shown that they Ban be managed much more' effectually by local delegation, than by a cumbrous and costly system of centralization, at once feeble, vexatious, and despotic. ' The true policy would be to check rather than encourage such tendencies.' Union iu strength, says the Herald ; the pro verb is somewhat stale, it is true, and,- cer tainly, it is not applicable to our case; for our union with Sydney is the cause of our weakness. The writer is equally unfor tunate in his allusion to the lopping oft a limb (that is Moreton Bay) ' from the parent stem, as depriving the severed member of the source of its vigour, and indeed of its vitality.' Now, we do not pretend to any skill in arboricul ture, but we have frequently lopped off twigs from full-grown trees, planted them, and have had the gratification of seeing them rival the parent stem in the course of a year or tiro, both in size and beauty. And so it would be with Moreton Bay, when our just demands are acceeded to by the Home Government. The Herald, having vomited its disgust and its sneers at Separation, then points out the panacea, for all our ills ; hear the oracle : — 'Then again, with regard to the culpable neglect of the navigation of the harbour of Moreton Bay, to which attention has lately been so emphatically called ; why should not the local official charged with the duty be made directly responsible to the parties immediately interested? A Provincial Council, elected by the taxpayers, could manage these local matters much better than the Colonial Secretary or the Inspector-General in Sydney, because it could enforce obedience to its orders, which the official gentlemen cannot do to theirs. If a new road requires to be opened, or a new gaol to be built, why should the' inhabitants be compelled to importune the Legislative Council for the neces sary supplies which that body, however willing, is constrained to dole out with a niggard hand. The general revenue ought to be relieved from these local burdens ; and the general government should not be compelled to intermeddle in matters quite beyond its province. The demand of the Northern colonists, when fairly and dispassionately con sidered, is not an unreasonable one. They require a voice in the management of their own affairs, and there is no doubt that they ought to have it They think they can obtain this boon only by the esta blishment of' a separate government; we, on the contrary, look upon a separate government for the Northern Districts as the creation of an inner circle of mischief — the same 'centralisation — the same officialism, routine, and sloth. ' How very kind of the Herald to point out —to be the great finger post — to our path of duly. How considerate, by virtue of its self elected dignity, and self-believing wisdom, to instruct the forlorn, and benighted people of Moreton Bay in the science of good govern ment, and the prosecution of their own. in terests. No doubt our contemporary would provide us ' right off the reel' with a Pro vincial Council if we would sell our birth right for a mess of pottage, and allow an alien Government the control of the receipts from the Customs, and the Land Sales; these revenues conceded, of course, we could then, as it is charitably suggested, tax ourselves to any amount we pleased. But we can assure our contemporary that the people* of this district are not so helpless in their ignorance, so weak and pliable in their opinions as to what ought to be the proper form of govern ment, as to place them in need of such false guides, philosophers, and frienda The Herald has sown mere words, and will reap mere wind. As for ourselves, we treat its sug gestions with contempt, and in this feeling the inhabitants of this province participate almost to a man. Separation and nothing but Sepa- : ration will satisfy them j and to all its oppo nents we shall assume the attitude of calm ' defiance, until the long wished-for object has been attained. . ; The late barbarous and audacious outrages of the aborigines at Wide Bay, consequent on the reduction of the Native Police, have aroused feelings of dissatisfaction and resentment against an incapable government that will not soon be allayed. The native tribes, led on by some sanguinary ruffians who had escaped the punishment due to their crimes, in this district, have dealt death and desolation to two inoffensive and hard-working indi viduals and their families, who, if the necessary protection had not been with drawn for the sake of an unwise and paltry economy, would now have been pursuing their peaceful and useful avocations tit their adopted home. And if anything could prove the rottenness of the system of which not only the inhabitants of this, district, but also the inhabitants of Wide Bay, and the outlying stations, are the victims, we would point to, the absurdity of our present police administra tion, and the numerical inadequacy of the force provided by our paternal government for the protection of the settlers. The lenient manner in which similar out rages have been dealt with by the authorities is a disgrace to the colony, and calls loudly for redress. It was only a year since that two men belonging to the Harbour-master's department were cruelly murdered by some wretches belonging to the coast tribes; and those murderers have not been captured. True, an abortive attempt was made to bring them to justice, but it was thwarted through the ill-timed humanity of a Customs' officer, who, had he done his duty on the oocasion, would have brought one of them, at least, to Brisbane in irons. And since then, there has been no renewal of the attempt, although it is currently reported that some of the accused natives have frequently been seen in that town. On many other occasions the same pusillanimity has been shown, and the natives, emboldened by their successful villainy, have now committed outrages of still greater atrocity than that above mentioned. We cannot too deeply impress upon the Government the necessity of acting with more vigour on these distressing occasions. The people ought not to blamed if they take the law into their own hands when they are refused redress. They are not going to wait until they are struck down like bullocks by the mur derous tomahawks of these wandering savages, without striking a blow in their own defence. The authorities are vigilant and active enough where the killing of a black man is concerned, and why should not the same energy be exerted for the capture or destruction of black murderers. It is really painful to contemplate what must be the inevitable result of these outrages, if the Government do not take more decisive steps than they have hitherto done. The authorities still persist in treating these untamed savages as British subjects, entitled to the benefit of laws, which they have neither the capacity to comprehend, the inclination to respect, nor the will to obey. The blacks believe the white men to be 'ghosts,' and however ridiculous the notion may be to us, it forms an important part of their creed. And this being the fact, only fancy the absurdity of dealing with them as with a superior race. In all their projects of love or war, their plans ore debated before the full tribe, and any im pending attack on life or property is known to every individual, old and young, who are members of that tribe, days, sometimes weeks and months, before the crime is committed. Under these circumstances, what other course is open to the whites, but to deal with these savages in accordance with the principles of international law, and make the whole tribe responsible for the acts of individual members of it ; for in every outrage committed, or in tended to be committed, they are all either principals or accessories. If it had not been for the stupid outcries of a few pseudo philan thropists in this district, the natives would have been quieted long ago, and would now have been compelled, in spite of their super stition, to follow peaceable and useful occupa tions. The course to be adopted by the Govern ment is clear. They must immediately pro vide more efficient protection to the settlers in the Wide Bay district, or the place will be comparatively deserted. We understand that shortly after the dreadful occurrence, so re cently recorded in our pages, thirty men left that district in a body, aud proceeded to Sydney, apprehensive, no doubt, that a similar fate awaited them as befel the hapless Mr. Ferber and his son-in-law. Surely further comment is not necessary to urge the autho rities to increase the native police force in that unfortunate locality. 