3&isrcllinnm; Litebatttbe in Russia.—The following atnlistics of the St. Petersburg Tress, are from the Morning Chronicle. They trill-perhaps be read with interest:—Six political journals are published at St. Petersburg every day. The principal one is the Tuva tide Butte, the military official organ, which wob first started in 1814. It principal editor is Colonel Lfib&lef.; of the Slaffi Professor of the military Academy, and at present it is the most intereatiug of all the journals, rrs the official bulletins of-the "war are first published in its columns. Another is the Gazette de St. Peteribourg. This journal hnB been upwards of a hundred years in existem e, and is nnder the special care of the Academy if Sciences, having tor its editor ST. Olch- . kino. Jn its contents it most resembles those of foreign countries— as, indepaidently of the official part, which Is only the reproduction of Che articles published - by the Government organs, it gives copious extracts from foreign journals, taking alike from the English, the French, and the German prints. The AbeWeduXord, which has a large circulation, was founded by JIM. Greteh and Bnicnrine, still its proprietors and principal editors. This journal represents the politics of the Con servative party in Russia. The two last-named journals are publish- d in the Busrian language. There is, besides the Journal de St. Petersbourg, in French, which is the irios known abroad of all the Bussian journals. The German journal in the Bussi n capital, called the St. Petersburger Zeitung.is also published by the Academy of Sciences, and of which Dr. Meyer is the editor. It gives in German official news of Bnssia and the general political intelligence translated from foreign journals. Lastly, there is the Tggodnik, a Polish journal, appear ing twice a week, and, like those mentioned above, giving politics I intelligence to a certain ext nt. As to monthly and weekly publications, they consist of scien tific and literary reviews, official and lion-official. Al most all the Ministerial departments have their organs of publicity. Thus, the Ministry of Marine has it- Becneti Maritime, which is very ably conducted. The Ministers of Public Instruction, of the ihtcrior,nnd of the Imperial Domains, have each a monthly journal, which contains, In addition to ih> official part, scientific articles, statistics, philology, &c;, The Minister of the Imperial Domains also publishes the Journal de* Mara* et de Chance, and the " Minister of Finance the Journal de* Mines, the Journal de* Manufacture* et da Commerce, and lastly, two Commercial. Gazette*, one three times a week in Russian, and the other twice a week in German. There are besides a number of special journals, published by learned societies. Of literary magazines there are at St. Petersburg the Bibtiotheque de lecture, founded in 1634 by M. tieukovsky; tile Otchcheeteennyia Zapitlci (Patriotic Seciea), founded by M. Kratwsky; and the Somremnnik (f oniemvorarg), published first in 164? by MIL Paiiaicff and Nekrossotf. There is published a theatrical journal, called the Pantheon, which contains not only dramatic criticisms hat stories, scenes from plays, ac, and is very amusingly conducted. Poland, Finland, and the Baltic provinces likewise contain a number of journals, but all are in the Russian language. Waelee and "Wine.—There is an excellent story going- the round of the dobs, A Commissioner of the Insolvent Debtor's Court,one of the wittiest men. of the day, was dining lately in company with Mr. Waklcy^the well-known coroner, "Do >00 like that wine, wakley ?" ^ asked the commissioner. "Very good indeed," said Wakley. "Ah," said Ids friend, "being a coroner, I thought you'd like it. There** a body in it* * Vert Considerate !—" It is well to leave something for ihose who come after of," as the man said when he threw a barrel in the way of a constable who was chasing him. Welcome, Little Stbangeb."—In ram biros through a Dutch town yon will oc- asionally c-ee a small piece of paper pasted against (he street door, and this, on closer inspection, yon will find to oe a medical bulletin, informing yoa of that day's state of health, of some "little stranger" audits mother within. Should you happen to pass the same way again on the following morning, -oa will observe another, such bulletin issued on the doorpost, and telling the world—probably—that "the mother aud child are doing well." This mode of announcement is adopted, it is said, to prevent the necessity of ringing, and so disturbing the house at each fresh enquiry after the cenuition of the lady and her little cue* Is the town of H^&rtem;, however, the crown of a -small lace cap, with a piece of coloured silk underneath, is framed and bung at one of the doorj osts, to indicate an increase in the family within. The sex ol the infant is ma* Led by the colour of the silk beneath—if a boy it is pink, if a girl white. The house, moreover, which, has been thus " blessed" is entitled to several privileges. Nothing calculated to disturb die rest of die mother h permitted to approach the premises for several days; and troops, passing by on the march, are bound to silence their drums »n • ntering the street. No soldiers can ire billeted upon the dwelling at each times, nor can bailiffs legally enter it This carious custom, and these peculiar immu nities, owe their origin to an occurrence during the siege of Haarlem by the Spaniards in the s xtet nth centuiy. The town—bo runs the story—being about to be surren dered by the Dutch, a deputation of aged matrons went to the Spanish General, to beg that the women who were then in childbed should be protected from disturbance.. The Spaniard ordered that some simple sign should be affixed to the door of each house in which there was a female so conditioned, and pledged his word that such houses should be exempt from violence. The lace crown of a baby's cap was chosen; and to this day the little token continues a shield against molestation to the ioma\es.— The Shine and it* FicUtreeque Scenery, By Horace S£agh*o. A Palpable Fact!—A teaclier had been explaining to Ills class tlie points of the compass, and all were drawn op in front to the north. "Now what is before yon, John?"—"Theuortb,Sir."—"And what is behind you, Tomm; ?"—"My coat tail, sir," said he, liying.pt the same time to get a glimpse of it. A Ghost Demonstbating hib own Im poesiBinirr!—The Alhauaum, in a review of an Ame rican translation of -Henry Heine's novels, extracts the following clever store of the ghost of Dr. Satri Aseher . wliich appeared to Heine, atGoehu-:—"'! he highest principle is reason,' said I, consolingly to myself as I slid into bed. But it availed me nothing. 1 had just been reading in Yarahagai von Ease's 'German Narrations,* which 1 had brought with me from Clausthal, lhat ter rible talc of a son who, when about to" murder his lather, was wanted in the -night by the .ghost of ids mo ther. The wonderful truthfulness with wliieh this story is depicted caused, whi'e reading it, a shudder of horror in all my veins. Ghost stories invariably tliriil. us with ad ditional horror when read during a journey and by night in a town, in a house, and in a chamber where we have never belore been. We involuntarily reflect, ' How many horrors may have been perpetrated on this very spot where I now lie?* Mean-visile, the moon shone into my room in a doubtful, suspicious manner ; all kinds of uncalled-for shapes quivered on the wails, and as I laid me Co-.ii and glanced fearfully around, I beheld . There is nothing so' uncanny" as when a man sees his own face by moonlight ill a mirror. At , the same instant there struck a deep-booming, yawning, bell, and that so slowly and .'wearily, that I tirmly be lievcd that it had been full twelve hours striking, and that it was cow time to begin over again. Between the last, and next to the last tones, th- re struck in very abruptly,as if irritated and Ecolding, another bell,who was apparently out of patience with the stownessof her friend. As the two iron tongues were silenced, and the stillness of death sunk over the whole house, 1 suddenly seemed to hear, in the corridor before my chamber, something halting and waddling along, hke the unsteady steps of a man. At last the door slovlyopeurd, and there entered deliberately the late-departed Doctor Saul Ascher. A. cold fever drizzled through marrow and vein—X trembled like an ivy leal, and scarcely dared to gaze upon the ghost. He appeared as usual, .'with the Bamc transcendental grey old cost, the same abstract legs, and the same mathematical face, only this latter was a little yellower than usual, and the mouth, which formerly described two angles, of 2t^ degrees, was pinched together, and the circles around the eyes had a somewhat greater radius. Tot tering, and supporting himself as usual upon his Malacca cane, be approached me, and said, in h s usual drawling dialect, but in a friendly manner:—' Donothe afraid, nor believe that I am a ghost. It is a deception of your ima gination, if you believe that you see me as a ghost. What is a ghost? Define one. Dedueefor me .the conditions of the possibility of a ghost. In what reasonable connection does such an apparition coincide with reason itself?. Season, I say, reason P Here the - ghost proceeded to analyze reason} cited from Kantfs 'Critic of Pure Benson,' part 2, 1st section, cbap.3, the distinction between phenomena and noumma; then proceeded to construct a hypothetical system -or ghosts, piled one syllogism on another, and concluded with the logical proof that there are absolutely no ghosts. Meanwhile tile cold -sweat- beaded over me, my teeth clattered like castanets,-and from vary agony • of soul; X nodded an unconditional assent -to. every assertion which the phantom Doctor alleged against the absurdity of being afraid of ghosts, and which he demonstrated with such zeal, that finally, in a moment of abstraction, instead of his gold watch, he drew a handJu] of grave-' worms from his vest pocket, and remarking-his error, replaced them with a ridiculous-but terrified baste. * 't he reason is the highest—' Here the clock struck J, and the ghost vanished." Mr. Justice Crompton was prevented from o cning the Maidstone assizes with punctuality, became the train In which the Queen's judge , travelled , from. Croydon was " shunted " on its route to hake way for a special train conveying gentlemen of the prize ring to a fight 1 - _ _ Just on the Stegke ;—" Halloa: ejacu lated an anxious guardian to bis lovely niece, aa be entered the parlour and saw her on the sola, in the arms of a swain who had just popped the question, and sealed it with a smack; "what's the time of day now ?" " I should (Milk it nils about half-past twelve," was the cool reply," J oil see we ore almost oner' English and Ahebican Ahvebtibing.—In the office of the London Tima there is a sort of map which gives a graphic representation of the fluctuations in the circulation of that journal.' It is like the sectional profiles of our railroads and canals—an increased circula tion being indicated by arise in the' surface line, while a falling off in the circulation is represented by a depres sion. Daring the year ISIS the circulation nt- the Times averaged only 23,000, and it began the year 1848 with an edition Of'no more than 2S,II0v.. 'The excitement consequent on the .revolution of Fe bruary, raised it at once to 43,000. ■ It fell, how ever, with the fidi of liberty, and averaged bnt 36,000 during 1852- The "long suspense prec ding the present -war gradually raised it until the war actually broke out; since wbtell time the ed.tion ha-" fluctuated between 58,000 and OOjOOO copies, effofding an income from the sale of papers aloneof about $28,000 per week. Advertisements are, however, the great source o 'profit. ; as the cost of the paper oh which the Times is printed nearly equals the amount -rectived far It, : Common , advertisements of-five lines or'.less.pay 7e.-6d.hnrh, or nearly ' Such-an advertiscmentcOBte $3 and §3£ " in the WteHv. VrSntoe and .in Ptutck, whilein the lUostroted News it ccsts $7. The Times has aa average of right or.ten poges of advertisements, wh'ch cannot amount to Jess than $30,000 per week. The receipts from tins Source have in some-single week amounted to nearly $to,OOB. The-weekly average of entire receipts can scarcely be-act' down at less than $60,000, or 3,000,000 a year. Nowhere * advertising carried ion to to: great an extent sis in England. " Professor" -Hollowsy'8 pills .axe adver su Aiugiauu. fiUicwn -AWIIVW»J8-puiB Bn MncT* tised to the amount, of $150,000 annually; Moses and Son pay $50,000; $50,000 is also paidlwBowhtnd lor Jus Macassar oil, Ac.; $50,000 by. Dr. Da Jangh for his cod liver oil. Heal &.£ous. pay..$30,000 per year - for ? advertising their jbedsteada ondbed-furniture; and Eben Nionolis, a tailor, advertises to the extent of $20,0C0. Although adver.ieeinente are *o dear in the Illustrated Netcs, .still as that sheet has a weekly circulation of .130,000,- the rrnn who chooses to patronize it gete four .-miles - of - advertisement in linear measure lor cygry dollar. I expended. If he .will spend his "money on the Londtm lSwcs he may do etill better, end get advertisedjfive julles for & dollar, or at the very rcasmahle ratobf twenty cents per mile. Advertising ambition, however, trial ito.mbft tiieap j satisfied in thelF«eUyflYt£uu*,astatbtij6umdiw)th . a circulslion already beyond likpOO, larger thin that of any- other newspaper to toe worbh smdooniitailiUj-in creasing, we give upwardsofaevdnmUtemidaMWof advertisementAir a dollar, thus dealing out hotorietyat ' 'less than thirteen cents -pcr mito.-^Afeg Tbib Wwhi - \- Pat's Id^a ot a gentieman bf this. ueighb<^hoc4< visltinx ,$&}. ertslest-o inlrelana, was jstandingto Aficld.m>ttolngwork'.belng.: ■done, ..when'lie jOverlm^,Btdiiyiiti|bqf terrible tatelHgepce frmntijqyp^^Mm.tvf^dDtwslii up E?mind^o^raitow*§hl? wMe ofit wit&tnit;' further authority; so heenqulrta." An*fidth, whom - - did ye. get-hold of the -JntMUgtiimFr!S',fp£lv? hrid ■ his companion, "en. dita't l rade ^"——* ——1 in the chape newspaper that's :—" b'ringtown." ■•J? inquired Pati.ASn' vriiy as. well as any other P—Its a ~ it,"'.' " Because," says Pal,?" btey east afford Jo spake tie | JIM<&iear;#r ZUMt, 