MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. Mr. P. Barnes' "Readings from IIamlet. On Thursday evening Mr. P. Barnes gave a second lecture on Shakespeare, the play selected for illustration boing The attendance was large. Before proceeding to his readings, the lecturer made the following observations: All that is known of man's nature is exhi bited in this play of Hamlet, but it is exhibited from a point of view that represents the statue in shadow : an, impersonification of a sublime melancholy,-nay rather, of a silent despair. It is one of those productions peculiar to the spirit of northern literature. But in the north it is different. From Kams ehatka on the one hand to extreme western America on the other, the mysterious spirit of melancholy spreads her sad colored wings em braeing fullarter of the earth. From this region of frsts and snows and cloud and dark ness has proceeded this spirit which has tinged all the northern literature in works in our own language, from the sublimist tragedy of Shaks pearo on the one hand to the funniest tale of ?ickens on the other. The play of Hamlet is a study of human life as affected by the article of death, and an in tensity of contrast is obtained by continually introducing and insisting upon the sad destiny of man-his mortality in the midst of the pro. gross of the passionate story. This, I say, ts to me, the prime spirit of the play, but the whole drama of human life is necessarily evolved in its illustration. Man is exhibited in his great ness and his littleness, the aspirations of his soul, and the feebleness of his purpose; his goodnessin intention,ltis sinfulness in act: in his conflicting nature-good and evil- mortal and immortal. A free agent, lord of himself-and yet a subject of unsubstantial circumstance ; susceptible of boundless joy, and yet heir to a patrimony ofsorrow. Touse the beautiful simile of Byron, A pendulum between a smile and tear. There are a variety of persons, incidents, and sentiments introduced during the action of the play, but its chief burden is distinctly to be heard throughout. It isa figure abounding in variations and phrases of great effect and beauty, but the solemn death notes at measured intervals strike upon the car with painful em phasis. But there is ancther and most import ant point to be noticed before proceeding to the action of the play. The poet has lifted up the mysterious veil which separates the living from the dead, and in the dim twilight of the supernatural, "At the very witching time of night When churchyards yawn, and hell itself breathes out Contagion to this world," Exhibited the ghosts of their dead Making night hideous and we fools of nature, So horribly to shake our dispositions With thoughts beyond the reaches of our souls. Superstition disappears as civilization and a knowledge of natural phenomena lucrease. That which was supernatural ceases to be so, and the shadow of main no more alarms him. A well-known and simple illustration of this may be given Itn the agitation that was for merly occasioned by eclipses. The darken ing of the sun and moon were generally sup posed to prognostlcate disaster to monarchs and empires; astronomny Ias, however, since explained the nature of these events, and they have ceased to terrify. In the age when S:hkspeare lived all classes of the people were given to superstition, and unfortunate old laties who happened not to be very pro possessing in appearance, or had incurred the ill will of their neighbors, were tceused of possessing a familiar spirit, and were either drowned or burnt alive according to the whim of the moment. It appears scarcely credible that such cruelties were ever in flicted, and for such improbable causes. And yet it is not more than a century and a half ago that the Christian ministers of Massa chuscts persecuted a large number of miser able creatures for supposed familiarity with the evil one. The popular belief in Shaks peare's time, and among many even in our own title was and is that "murder will outs" that however secret the deed, and how im possible soover appeared the likelihood that it would be discovered, that some link or other would be found that would lead to the enravelment of the horrible mystery, and that all other means failing, the very dead would appear out of the graves and indicate the guilty man. Shakspeare, I think, shows his nice per ,eptionu of the effect of such appearances upon the reason, by tmakinig nIaildet some what incolherent in his speech after ioth of his interviews with his murdered father's ghost, and more plainly int the first than the second visit. It has been a matter of tmuch question timong the critics whether or no Ilmnlet's reasot is supposed to be alletcd first by the sadil circtumstances In which lhe Is Introduced to is in the commeucem:cent of the play, and then by the alarming appearance of his father's spirit. The lecturer then gave ant analysis of the play, and rend various passages,wlilclc elicited considerable applause. Thte Prosident said that heo could not positively announc te she lject of thle next lecture, although lie would ttke t pon him self to say that a lecturewouldbe delivered. WVo think it is to be regretted that the namne of thile lecturer could not be anl nounced. 