IIXTKACTS it BOM MELBOtfRtfE PUNCH. LY-nr-TTOG IN MBLBOtfBKB, TO SEE-SOB Hf PEKOr. \- Great U the Academy of Pekln, 0 See-sor, and great is the fainter Crim-slng ; fcf hath he not platured with the pencil 6f truth the chief entrance of the golden city} even Saridridifei Where are the lamtner pdlades of the Daroanans. saoiy naa 11 iarea wua me in mo strange land, but for the help of Twang, who has gathered the gtrange talk of the people; for it happened that a great officer of State, in blue cloth and leaden buttons, with a japanned bandage round his neek, did address me by the name ol Cura-Cum, and say three time* ' Move on,J- which, Twang tells me, is a coniplimentonlyjpaldtomen Of high rank; And vfclule trim-sin j was painting on a tea-tray, did the jodth of Hi* country rfssemljls rodnd and male respectful salutations, placing the thnmb to the nose and extending the open hand, which means ' We greet you as a brother ;' and these called Crim sing a 'jolly guy,' which, being interpreted, is a great painter among the people. Now the great sea junks of the foreigners cover tlie waters of the harbour by hun dreds, and bring brandy and beer for the barbarians, whose religion requires them to consume these liquors in great quantity. In truth, See-sor, it is a land of strange observances) for every mala of a certain rank is required by law to wear a black cylinder on Ids Head, which makes hinUook very njiseriblei and tlie females of .the higher hlass art net permitted to cover their headi In public, but have an ornament of silk or straw fastened behind, which has also the effect of scaring away the mosquitoes in summer time. And Twang took us to a rich merchant, who had his palace filled with pickled onions and beer, and we partook of some sparkling waters which filled me with a strange delight, and I sang the song of A-tay, and of Aouana,tne small-footed; and my pigtail became twisted round the back of a chair. And the eool of Twang rejoiced es* eeedingly, and he desired not to go home until the Mlimin'r'. lime wowa lau me, see-sor, to tell ot tne many tradings I have had with the barbarians, and how the sage Twung counselled me not to carry my rose-coloured umbrella, lest the great mandarin of the red button, who governs the city, thould be jealous of my appearance. And how, the brat daj I went abroad, did I purchase some lacquered boots, with scarlet tops, to walk through the mud with ; and how that paragon of wisdom, Twang, did explain that the boots were not Boled properly, bat that I had been properly soldj upon which remark I have pondered much, without at all approaching to its understanding. Now it happened that the master of the junk in which I came to this country of marvels would not restore to me a chest of silk shawls, but told Twang that they had been required on the voyage to stop the leaks and save the junk from sinking. By the ghost of Confucius, 0 See-sor, did I cry for justice; whereupon the deeply-learned and all sagacious Twang told how that I could not havejuatiee very readily, but might have law, which was a very difterent sort of thing, but alwajs resorted to in this land as a remedy for trouble and a solace in affliction. Thereupon went we to Tee-Tee, who is a great dis penser of this Australian luxury, a famed high priest of its mysteries; and, paying down twenty golden pieces, desired that the junk-master should be bastinadoed. Tee-Tee shut one eye and jerked his thumb over the left shoulder, which Twang explained to me to be a form of solemn affirmation substituted for swearing (which is quite unknown in Australia), and so was my spirit greatly comforted. Deeply iu the bosoms of these barbarian people is im planted the passion for law. Its rites and mysteries are a3 altar fires, which they devoutly feed and worship. O See-sor, thou hast seen the spirit of gambling enslave the will of the strongest, and the mightiest frame bowed down to the fascinations of the opium-pipe, but all Mrs is as nought to th e fierce craving for the excitement and contention of the law which prevails among this people. They nutter round the consuming flame even aa a moth about a lantern; and the scorched and ?jiiaglcss victims who escape seam powerless to warn their successors. In the picture of Crim-eing will be seen a fire-junk, which flies upon wings, and skims the water like a sea bird, and the soul that is caged therein walks the earth like a whirlwind. The temple of the fire king is at Sandridge, and as I entered there was a rushing sound as of atempott; andl heldTwaDg bjthe pigua, sod some poor barbarian is his terror placed his hands In my pocket, and methougfct I heard the roar of wind* and waters ; and even while I trembled did we find ourselves in Melbourne. Full of marvels is the country, 0 See-sor, mighty are the bearded barbarians; fair as the rose-leaf, and fra grant as the morning, is the memory of their blue-eyed daughter*. . And I have seen the fierce warriors of the land, who39 garments are as a flame of fire, wherewith to terrify their enemies. Mine eyes have even rested on the great ruler of the people, a mandarin of ten buttons, and who sitteth on a golden throne in a palace of ivory, by the sweet waters of the Tarra, and has twelve female slav es, beautiful as the rainbow, to fan the flies from his countenance with feathers of the bird of para dice. ? AN ADTEBTISEHE5T OP A DOUBTFUI TK27OB. ' Punch finds f he following in the Argus of Wednesday last:— ' Vocalists.— Wanted a lady and gentleman as Tenon, for the country. None but good hands need apply.' Hay Punch be permitted to enquire what is meant by a lady tenor, and why the applicants must necessarily be (or have ?) 'good hands ?' Has the advertiser a large stock of white kid gloves on his own? Or are the vocal capabilities of tenor singers regulated by the size and shape of their manrinl extremities ? WHOLESALE FCX FJkCTOBT. We extract tHe following well-written and accurate description of our establishment fram the Household Words, for the 1st »f April, 1957 ?— ' I have visited all kinds of factories. It his become a passion with me, Srst developed when (along with sixteen young gentlemen who enjoyed the comforts of a home and the advantages of a liberal education com bined, under the care of Dr. Polywhacks, of Gerund House, Hackney— Mis. Polywhacks looked after our morals and washing), I was taken to the Adelaide Gal lery, and privileged to witness the production of that eminently useful commodity, spun glass, and to pur chase twopennyworth of the finished article out of my pri vate resources. That evening, at Gerund House, Hackney, I endeavoured tp dd as 1 had seen done, with the aid of a stick of sealing--wai,- a candle-end, and a piece of tobacco-pipe, but was eminently unsuccessful. 1 was at once struck with the oouvictkm that tny vocation was rather that of the historian of manufactures than that of the manufacturer himself. By this persuasion I have since been rigorously guided. Three weeks after I left Dr. Polywhacks',- my predilections being still in the direction1 of glassware,- 1 visited the establishment of Mr. Apsley Pelktt, M.I*.- and saw the tops tf tumblers cat with pairs of scissors, and wrote an account of the process for private circulation. Tumblers naturally suggested beer, and I spent two days at Messrs. Barclay and Perkins's, and Truman and Hanburj's, respectively. I had always liked beer, but now I reverenced it in the abstract. I felt that a pint of mild porter was the pro duction of a master intelligence. I would not previously hate believed— if Dr. Polywhacks himself had told me —that thf World contained so much beer as I saw In those two dajs. I would not have believed that so much intellect aud contrivance could have been infused with malt and hops. 'Since thenl have been to Birmingham and Manchester, and seen all warmer of things made upon a scale that I thought had deprived are for ever of all capacity of won dering at mere magnitude. I was a little startled out of that belief at Washington Z. Sling's, iu New York, where 7,?50 drinks (straight and crooked) aremade before the public eye in a quarter of an hour. But I have now to describe a manufactory surpassing anything I have seen elsewhere both as to the magnitude of operations and the excellence of the thing produced. '1 must trouble you to join me in Collins- street, Mel bourne. Observe that unpretending-looking building, b:twcen Mr. Lightfoofs clothing establishment, on the one hand, and Mr, Pattison's boot and shoe depot, on the other: That is the greatest fun iactory in the world. Jolies of the most eiquisite variety and brilliancy are there prepared, in enormous quantities, both for use En Australia, and for exportation to other parts of the world. The factory, althongh in existence for little more than a year, already has established a connection over all the civilized parts of the globe, as well as in California, the Feejee Islands, and other barbarous places. I was informed that most English members or Parliament now regularly import their impromptus from Melbourne, si th«y are found to bo much superior in quality (probably partly tfffirij to the climate) to any that can be manufactured in the mother country. 'I was first shown into the pun department, where about twenty grave-looking men were engaged in making puns. The process is thus accomplished: Two men seize upon a word, and immediately begin twisting it into curious shapes, to test its malleability. This being properly established, the rough pun is dexterously thrown with peculiarjerk to a third hand, who gives It the required point, and passes it on to be polished by a fourth. It is then finilhed and put away for use. Thus pn«. w^w^nno ?«*» omntimul firvm tho mnnnfflctnrA aF ft tin, arid atfout tHree are made in a minute by each Foupoffour workmen; or fifteen a minute altogether, rhis gives 900 puns per hour, or 7,300 to the day of ijht hours. As I made these calculations aloud, I could iear that my words were being caught up, twisted, and assed on— such phrases reaching me as 'Day of eight lours— no Dey of Algiers— eight hours— ate ours?— ite yours,' 4c, &c.; 'i'hese puns saemed to me very neaningless, but when afterwards shown to me, pointed jid finished; I absolutely shrieked with laughter. I, leeply regret that I iiiay not present them to the readers rat a pledge of strict secrecy Is imposed upon all person risiting this establishment. 'In the broad humour department severs! healthy ooking men were engaged in knockingvarioua subjects ibont, seemingly with a thorough enjoyment of their vork. The herculean strength here displayed in dealing frith the most massive themes was admirable to witness. Chis 100m lcdiuto another, called the' pensive fun de partment.' Here several calm, meditative-looking per- \m& Wftfij en?atfed in fining down pieces of humour that irere not intended to be wed broad, and in infusing into ihem a small quantity oi philosophic' meaning, and occa lionally even a dash of sadness, thus imparting a peculiar gout much appreciated by some. There was aot a great deal doing in this department on the occasion jf my visit, however, and its head was entertaining him wlf with a volume of the Italian poets. I was much surprised by the extent of the ' Amert anUnis department/ where a very large number of persons were engaged upon the manufacture of that peculiar description of witticisms. I eipressed my sur prise to my courteous guide, adding that I thought all these things were made in the United States; Cm no, said he, most of them bow come from this place niginaily.' 'Why don't yon export them to England direct, and why are they circulated as Americanism* ?' I asked. Mv iruide shrugged his Bhonlder. 'Habit is Atoag,' he said. ' The Yankees have got the name for [his kind of thing, and people won't believe that as good on article can be produced elsewhere. We sent a small parcel of very fine quality to England, by way of an ex periment, but they Wouldn't go down. A Wisconsin editor bought them for a trifle, and from bis paper they were copied into half the journals of Great Britain.' ' There was nothing particular doing in the Irish bull department at the time of my visit, so that I need not stop' to describe that In the room devoted to the pre paration of Kendind Scotch joles, the air was so exceed ingly high dried that t was unable to remain in it many minutes, and my guide told me' tha't the} wtf e compelled to employ in this department none bat puro-brtd Scotch men: as it is found that no one else can Iiv0 long In an Stafephere permeated with the dust of Scotch Jocosity. ' Perhaps 1 was more struck by what 1 saw in the ' proving house' than in any other department of the factory. Here all jokes, before being eutfered to go out of the establishment, are fired off in tne presence of a number of persons of various degrees of intelligence, from the condition of perfect stolidity up to that of very high sensibility and acuteness. The effect produced is carefully rated; and the jokes classified accordingly. 1 What do you do with the bad ones ?' I enquired. 1 We make very few/ said ray guide, ' but all that fail under the proof are immediately destroyed upon the premises.' ? Where do all the inferior jokes that one Is constantly meeting in society come from?' 'There are many Small establishments, where these art pro duced,' said my guide— 'there Is one to Bourke-street, not far from the Post-Office— here is a little thing I got there on the 23rd ult, as a curiosity,' and he showed me the following:— . , '' At one store opposite our office, the occupiers name above the door remains modestly sheeted over with a long bill—' Vote for Stawell1 — which has stubDornly re sisted all attempts to remove it, and is now stiokmg as fast as ever to its place. ThU however, was ingeniously intended to indicate the tenacity for office displayed by the worthy candidate, and suggests the idea of vulga rizing ' William Stawell into .Bill Stickwell.' * ' ' What does it mean,' said I. ' Nothing at all,' said my guide with a benevolent smile ; 'but here, pick your self out a little jdke from among these as a memorial of your visit.' I modestly selected a very small and simpte one, and left the premises much gratified with my visit.' *? THE LONG-EABED PICKTEE. ' Thy fair large ears, my gentle joy.'— SHixsnuss. Legal gents with ansum faces (Faces which you phansy so), Whefl yem nve your laces painted, Pay the hartist wat you hoe. Praps the piektcf aint so anssm As you think it ort to be', Praps the hartist cannot see you With the hies with which you sec. ; ; 7*311/8 a flatt'ring mirror, And mankind is self-deseeved; As, wen you'ro perewsed thoua wersca, Wfflbereddily:pereeetedj - - ?foasettiii^Tayldnhartisli , Kums a gent named Maeoboy; And sez he, ' Your brush and kctllros1 I am goin to employ : ' Copy this here daggertypo, Wich injustice does to mo ; Make of it a bewchus pourtrate-i BewchMasthegentyouscc.' ? . ; fid ths f ayioii take« the pfekter^ And to hobwiate compUis'tSi He a reglar ansum ero ? On the canvass drora and points :— Wavin air and marble forrid, Hies of deep selestyal blew, Smilin mouth and cheeks jest toncht with Dddy roses' krimsin hew. Then he takes the painting ome to . That there Mister Macobdy ; Thtniin, wen he seize his likenewj Ow his art will jump for jdyi Picktcr that pore painter's wonder; - Wich did all his mind absawb, Wen the legal gent rcfewsed to Pay fivejounds for that there ' dawb.' Back returns the Taylon hartist, Wich his name Bionda were, And untoc the lawyer's edd— he Adds of asses hears a pare. Bj-and''dTC Emanyel Mendels Sees that preshus woft of 8ft, And perwale; upon Bionda; With the Iong-earM gent to part. And he sticks him in his winder, And each little ragged boy, As goes throo Big Burk-street cries out, 'That there's Mister Maeoboy! „ ' Mister Maeoboy the lawyer— If is ears is just like that, Bint if I know how he does, Bill, On his edd to keep is att 1' Earing of these' publiek comments, On the long-eaVd Macoboyi Arrowd up his inmost feelings, And did all his peas destroy. 80 he sends & clerk named Adcodc For to fetch the edd away ; And the pickter to his office Did a Mr. Apps conwey. But the money warnt forthcoming: And the gents their per knives drew, And they cut and slasht the pickter Cutting Appses finger too. Then the legal gent was summonsed,' At the Sitv Kort t' appeer, Were the facts I've jest narrated Me (and Mister Sturt) did hear; Here the plaintiffs sly attorney Try the tother won to roile, By an inyewendo glancin* At the ears of Mister BoiL Mr. Sturt pronoune'd the picktcr To belong to 3Jaco!?oy, Wich he therefore had a rite to Gash and otherwise destroy. So I ope he'll pay the harlist All the sum as was agreed; And I ope to pices his patron Next time Bionda will suckseed. Bnt tor twice five pounds I think that Had I been that ansura gent, I would not have had my ponrtrata To that pickter-dealer's sent; ». To be stared at, with the ears on, By each little ragged boy; Cryin' out, as he went past it. ''That there's Mister MacoWr ' 