LY-IN TUNG IN JNELBOUR$$ TO SEE-SOR m PElili Great is the Academy of Pekin, oh See-sor, &ud; great if? the painter Crim- sing; for hath he not pictured with the pencil of truth, the chief entrance of the golden city, even Sandiidge, where are the summer palaces of the barbarians ? Sadly had it fared with me in the strange land, but for the help of Twang, who has gathered the strange talk of the people ; for it happened that a great officer of State, in blue cloth and leaden buttons, with a japanned bandage round his neck, did address me by the name of Gum Cum, and say three times " move on," which, Twang tells me. is a compliment only paid to men of high rank. And while Orim-sihg was painting on a tea tray, did the youth of the country assemble round and make respectful salutations, placing the thumb to the nose and extending the open hand, which means "We greet you as a brother;" and they called Crim-sing a "jolly guy," which, being interpreted, is a great painter among his people. Now the great sea junks of the foreigners cover the waters of the harbour by hundreds, and bring brandy and beer for the barbariaus, whose religion requires them to consume these liquors in great quantity. In truth, See-sor, it is a land of strange observances, for every male of a fcertain rank is required t>y law to wear a black cylinder on his l ead, which makes him look very miserable ; and the females of thehigher class are not permitted-to cover their heads in public, but have an ornament of silk or straw fastened behind, and which has also the effect of scaring away the mosquitoes in summer time. And Twang took us to a rich merchant, 'who 'Tiad liie palace filled with pickled onions and beer, and we partook'of some sparkling waters which filled me with a strange delight, ; and I sang the song of A.tay, and of Aouana, the small-footed;, and my pig- tail became twisted round the back of a chair. And the soul of Twang rejoiced exceedingly, and he desired not to go home until the morning. Time would fail me, See-sor, to tell of the many tradings I have had with the barbarians, and how the sage Twang counselled me not to arry my rose-colored umbrella, lest the great mandarin of the red button, who governs the city, should be jealous of my appearance. And how, the first day 1 went abroi&^did I purchase some lacquered boots, with scarlet tops, to Vaikjf?|£6\igh the,mild with; and how that paragon of wisdom, Twang, didjfixplain that the boots wer« not soled properly, but that I had been properly sold ; upon which remark I have pondered much, without at aU approaching to its understanding. Now it happfened that the master of the junk in which I came to this country of marvels would not restore to me a chest of silk shawls, but told Twang that they had been required on the/voyage to stop the leaks and save the junk from sinking. By the ghost of Confucius, oh See- sor, did-I cry foi* justice, whereupon the deeply-learned and all sagacious Twan? told how that I could not have justice very readily, but might have law, which was a very different.sort of thing, but always resorted to in this land, as a remedy for trouble, •vid a solace in affliction. Thereupon went we to Tee Tee, who is a great dispenser of this Australian luxury, a famed high priest of its mysteries, and paying down twenty golden pieces, desired that the junk- master should be bastiuadoed. Tee-Tee shut one eye and jerked his thumb over the left shoulder, which Twang explained to me to be a form of solemn affirmation substituted for swearing, (which is quite unknown in Australia), aud so was my spirit greatly comforted. Deeply in the bosoms of these barbarian people is implanted the passion for law. Its rites and mysteries are as altar fires, which they devputly feed and . worship. Oh See-sor, thou hast seen the spirit of gambling enslave the will of the strongest, and the mightiest frame bowed down to the fascinations of the opium pipe, but all this is as nought to the fierce craving for the excitement and contention of the la,w which prevails among this people. They flutter round the consuming flame even, as a moth abdut a "lantern; and the scorched and wingless victims who escape seem powerless to warn their successors. In the picture of Crim-sing will be seen a fire junk, which flies upon wings, and skims the water like a sea-bird, and the soul that is caged therein walks the earth like a whirlwind. The temple of the fire king is at Sandiidge, and as I entered there was a rushing sound as of a tempest; and I held Twang by the pigtail, aud some poor barbarian in his terror placed his hand in my pocket, and methought I heard the roar of winds and waters; and even while I trembled did we find ourselves in Melbourne. Full of marvels is the country, oh See-sor, mighty are the bearded barbarians; fair as the rose-leaf, and fragrant as the morning is the memory of their blue-eyed daughters. And I have seen the fierce warriors of the land, whose garments are as a flame of fire, wherewith to terrify their enemies. Mine eyes have even rested on the great ruler of the people, a mandarin of ten buttons, and who sitteth on a golden throne in a palace of ivory, by the sweet waters of the Yarra, and has twelve female slaves, beautiful as the rainbow, to fan the flies from his countenance with feathers of the bird of paradise. 