ENGLISH EXTRACTS. LUNGS BRASS,- ESQ., M.P., BY T. Z. (From the Liverpool Albion.) Chapter 1. We have learned never to be astonished at anything, and never to grumble at anybody. Our study and experience of human nature have prepared us not exactly to say ' What- ever is is right, but in nowise to be startled or amazed let what will happen. Hence, whatever changes, evolutions, tumbling in the ring, dancing in a circle, jumping 'Jim Crow,- and turning of coats, we witness among our public men, our only note of admiration is a smile, our only observation,' 'Just what might have been expected.' Nil admirers is our motto, and we take all things coolly. That wicked old heathen, Virgil did, indeed, write, some hundred years, since of the female sex, with malicious sarcasm t s ' Varium et mutilate somber Familiar.'. But this, totally untrue as applied to women, is an exact, description of male creatures in their fickleness and caprices. It has an especial reference to the case of political adventurers, those Parliamentary gentlemen of easy virtue who so abound in the present day. The boa constrictor, that giant among shakes, after swallowing its prey, lies in a kind of torpid and semi-lifeless state for - weeks and weeks while, it is digesting its food. During that time it is a very safe monster to deal with. You may cut off its head, amputate its tail, slice steaks out of it, as travellers say, the Abyssinians do out of their cattle, tie a noose round it and let it dangle from a tree like a condemned criminal, or perform upon it any other loving, operation which strikes your fancy, with perfect impunity. Only take care to get out of the way before its return to vitality arrives, and then you are all safe. ' Now this father of snake? is the exact type of John Bull. John is a terri a big fellow to manage when the political animus and virus are strong, within; him, ,. and he has- set his heart. and mind- upon obtaining some measure, great or small, from his rulers; He will have his toy, big baby as he is, he is a drug or a penny whistle, of a rattle, or a cup and ball, or a set of nine pins, or a Noah's Ark, if only it can be obtained by loud screaming - and roaring. He kicks and fights and shouts, ' Register,. register, register,'' Agitate, agitate, agitate,' until, by making everybody uneasy and uncomfort- able, The carries has point at last, and then, being totally exhausted by his unusual efforts, he sinks back into a state of exhaustion, like the big serpent aforesaid, while the process of: digestion is going on. Such a period is as delightful to political quacks and impos- tors as an open and - unguarded "larder is to the blue flies of ; summer It is their harvest time, their millenium. They abound, they swarm; they fatten and grow rich upon it. Lungs Brass, Esq., M.P., is one of these traders,. But before we say more about him, let us state our views in plainer language. It is the common opinion of man- kind that when the people of England are fast asleep in one of their periodical lethargic, they become utterly apathetic and indifferent touching all public and political matters whatever, and will continue to be assessed in this mesmerised condition if only their rulers and representatives do not weak that prominent organ too cruelly as they lead them into captivity. And upon one thing we may depend, namely, that as are the people, so are their representatives. When the interest which the former ought to take in politics departs, that of the latter disappears witless. Nothing but the most unceasing vigilance on the part, of the electors can keep the elected to" their duty. In the good old times of witches ghosts, top-boots, Btagewaggons and long coaches, the monarchs of this realm' used to touch for what was called' the King's evil. But only the people themselves can a touch' for the People's evil or evils. If, therefore,' they do not a touch' up their members when they find them sleeping at their post-and flagging in their duty, they will, on the principle that. silence gives consent, be supposed to be satisfied with all sorts of abuse and misrule. A good equinoctial gale now and then is an excellent thing for clearing the political atmosphere. In a dead calm, the representatives of the people are too apt to gather with needy and greedy jaws and mass, round the honey-pots of patronage. So that, if really we do ever want any amendments or improvements, we must not open our mouths and shut our eyes, and wait for a place to fall of itself, but we must set to work and start a good stiff breeze of agitation. You can get nothing for nothing. And now, after this somewhat long and tedious preface, let us come to our story. It is an illustration, and a true one, of the working of the system which we have been describing. The borough of Gullnobdle is anywhere you please.: Only remember that it is a real place, although hid behind that graphic name and indefinite locality Up to the year 18?, Twaddledum Twaddledee, Esq., had been one of the representatives thereof for nearly half a century. in the public estimation, and in Parliamentary Companions and other lists and catalogues of parties and factions and sections, old Twad- dredge was always spoken of and recorded as a savage, uncompromising old Tory, whose motto was Let well alone,' who was opposed to all change as synonymous with revolution, called renovations innovation, hated Radicals, as rebels, had a holy horror of Roman Catholics, and would rather have seen a Jew roasted than admitted into the House of Commons. But all this was a tremendous mistake. Twaddledee had only one anxiety in the world, and that was for the advancement, promotion, and preferment of the race, clan, and family of the Twaddle de.es. His name was his world and all he cared for in it. When he entered upon public life in the long ago past of another generation, Toryism was in the ascendant, and appeared to be fortified and secure against the attacks of even time itself, and, accordingly, Toryism he joined as the best political paymaster of the day And, with seeming consistency, he followed its fortunes for nearly fifty years. We use the word seeming, advisedly, as we shall presently show. From time to time preferments and appointments, church livings and other bon bons of patronage were bestowed upon the Twaddledee race, until they became gorged, like vultures, with the public sports. People thought them fortunate. Other supporters of the Ministry were jealous. Nobody suspected the real state of the case. All attributed the golden shower to the gratitude of the ruling powers for continued and unflinching support. But one day, not long since, we were behind the scenes. Happening to be in company with a son-in-law of old Twaddledee and a veteran member of an old Tory administration, we mentioned that worthy gentleman's name as the most out-and-out specimen of Toryism ever heard of in the world. To our astonishment, our assertion was met with a loud laugh from both our companions, while the ex-Minister exclaimed, " This just proves how little the outer world know of what passes in the inner chamber. Why, your model man, Twaddledee, was the greatest political rogue I ever had to deal with in all my experience. He voted with us generally, because generally we were sure to win by a large majority. But whenever we were in a pinch and likely to be hard- pressed, he invariably called upon the Minister the day before to make his bargain for his vote. To prove this, if you have any doubts about it, refer to the several dates in which his family were promoted, and you will always find, coincident with them, that there was some hurricane by which the Ministerial ship was in danger of being swamped." And so it was. Old Twaddledee, our virtuous pattern Tory, had been carrying his political wares to market all his life. But as even Toads dredges, as individuals, are not immortal, the good patriarch of the clan at last departed this life, in all the odour of sanctity with the innocent outsiders of his party, in the year 18-?. There was, of course, a vacancy in the borough, of Gullnoodle. We had many candidates. Among them was Lungs Brass, Esq. We must keep him for another chapter. ,-''.'. (To be continued.) 