<$pcn Column,_ j " For the opinions of Correspondents expressed here vre are not responsible ; we give every phase of intelligently expressed opinion a place in this column, refusing on useful let ter merely because its sentiments differ from our own." THE FACTS OF THE VIGNOLES AFFAIR. (To the Editor of tim Star.) [ ou-,-i nuten« m ms xtmes or oauiruav a ] I long letter, written by Mr Humffray, MX.'C, ¡ I embracing' also one written to the Argun by Mr Dunne, the barrister. With every respect for the latter gentleman's veracity aadintegrity, I must say that he errs exceedingly in his letter to the Argus of the 23rd of January last in his vindi cation of Captain Vignoles in "the murdering Of the ghost case," and in his succinct repre sentations of what, doubtless, he believed to bc the facts transpired, but which I utterly deny. Mr Fraueis may have been very loquacious in Mr Dunne's own private office, as to the history of the stolen horse, but I must say that my friend, Mr Dunne, if he will allow me to call him j stich, did not call the attentions of the magis trate to the confidential statements of his client; but simply from the facts stated in my letter which appeared in your paper of Saturday, the gallant Captain dismissed the case. If any One doubts this statement, I catt only add, that the police and officials of the Court would willingly corroborate my report as per fectly correct, but, from their position, are un able to do so, from a natural fear of censure. So far so good. In conclusion-I think that Mr Dunne did a vast deal more for his client in his letter, than I Mr Humffray has done for himself. " Least said is soonest mended," I should advise our worthy M.L;C. to lay the proverb as unction to his soul when next addressing the electors-especially when a " ghost " is be fore him, and truth to back its existence; Old women and superstitious ignoramuses used to be lieve in them, but there is one consolation, in this enlightened age, that sapient (?) function aries are not so credulous in their visions. i am oír, ax., A. C. L. GRAHAM. ] P.S.-Had 1 seen tue letter 01 jar jjunne, when it appeared in the Argus, I should then have replied to it, but I never saw it till Mr Humffray inserted it in the Times oí Satur day last. A. C. L. G. 