MAITLAND STOCK MARKET. Since our last report, the market has been tolorably well supplied with fat cattle and sheep, good quality of either commanding satisfactory prices. Really prime lots are decidedly scarce; and the present state, of the roads nnturally {ead to the conclusion that for a week or ten days to come recent prices will be lully main- tained, and probably exceeded. Indeed, to what extent the mnrkets may be influenced by such casualties, in an extraordinary season 'like the present, is not easy to calculate ; the tremondous ruins whieli have fallon would, at any sansón of the year, seriously Impede the progress of stock an (heir way to market. Tbo practice of Bonding fat sheep by the steamers to Sydney is much*>n the increase, and le a great advan- tage, as they reach Sydney in very superior condition to that in which they would arrive if driven over land. If the facilities of this mode of transit were Increased, there can be no doubt the steamer companies would bo largely patronised, and the owners of stock much benefltted. '. Milch cows and working bullocks are much wanted. The result of the week's sales ¡b as follows:-113 head fat cuttle, £0 10s. to £7 each ; 82 head ditto at £5 16s. euch ; 160 hoad ditto at £5 5s. each ; 1330 fat awes and wethers at 9s. to 13s. ; 21 pigs at 41s. each ; 80 head of horses, principally unbrokon, at £0 to £15 each, those very light and inferior only fefohjng no- minal prices. DODDS & CO. Maitland, Nov. 21, 1850. Tue H. It. N. S. N. Oonpakï'b FoitrNiGUT.-The coaches from Morpeth, bringing passengers and papers from' yesterday's Sydney day steamer, reaohed West Maitland last evening about half-past six. Maitland School or Abtb.-At the fortnightly . meeting of the members of this institution', on Thursday, at the Free presbyterian school room, the weather being at length propitious, Mr. Robinson delivered l)ls lecture1 on "Hamlet." The roqm was crowded to exoess, and many were obliged to stand outside and ut the windows. The lecturer, after alluding to the causes which had oc- casioned the postponement of his lecture on preceding evenings, expressed his desire to forward the interests of the Institution, The subject chosen for the lecture was Hamlet, but before entering into the play he gnvp a brief sketch of the hlBtory of Shskspeara, from his birth in 1061, his youthful imprudences at homo, his consé- quent flight to Loudon, and his subsequent greatnoss. The lecturer defended Sbakspearo from aspersions which had been cast upon his writings, that they wore loose and Immoral, and contended that he was a poet of nature,' giving a faithful mirror of life, and that the characters which he had created from tho king tp the boggar spoke and noted with equal truth. lío also re Îiudiated the idea that Sbakspsare knew little Latin and . ess Greek. The play of Hamlet expejled fn variety, and the scenes were diversified with merriment and solem- nity. The original story was to be found in the Danish historian Sosco Qrammatioui. The lecturer then entered into the plot of the play, from the opening ecene in Elsinore, where the ghost appears, to the elosing death scene, and Informed lils hearers that an excellent moral might be deduced from the play. In It was exemplified "that murder will out," and although success may orown the guilty for a time, yet retribution would assuredly sooner or later follow. Mr. Robinson then entered into the characters of the various persons in this play, and i tujjstaqtlated his views hy reading portions from various scenes to which hie arguments more particularly re- ferred. It is impossible to give a faint conception of the interest inspired by his cloquont reading, or of the rich intellectual treat enjoyed by the audience; ho cor tulnly gave n charm to Hamlet which before was In- visible, Ho was opposed to tho idea Unit Hamlet was really mad, nnd argued that he only nppeitreil «» In order to work out'the plot, his soliloquios evidently Bhowing no aberrations of intellect, but on the con- trary showing great thought and consistency ; in proof of which tholccturer recited that beautiful soliloquy, in which Hamlet contemplates death. The reading'was most eloquent. It io impossible to dojustice to the ex- cellent lecture delivered by Mr. Robinson In our brief spsce; it was one rich in character, and the sovoral re- citations added in no little degree to ils charms. The lecturer concluded by calling attention to the power and genius of the author, whose works excited our won- der and esteem, and justly entitled him to tho distinc- tion of tho "Immortal Shakspeara." At the conclusion a vote of thanks was accorded by acclamation to the lecturer, nnd Mr. Robinson having replied, the audience separatod.-li was intimated that the next lecture would be delivered on Thursday evening next, by Lieut. Sadleir, the subject being "The agricultural capabi- lities of the Colony." Accide.it to Mr Rossbll.-On Wednesday last an accident, which might have resulted in serious conse- quences, occurred to Mr. and Mis. Russell, near their residence at Stoney Creek, whilst driving in a gig. Tho horse from some cause stumbled and fell, and tho sud- den jerk precipitated Mr. and Mrs. Russell out of the gig, but we are happy to hear that beyond a severe shock no other injury was sustained. APPOINTMBNT OP PoUNDKBBrSn AT EAST MAITLAND. -Mr. John SInck Smith entered into the required bonds at East Maitland, yesterday, having been on Tuesday last appointed by the bench, keeper of the pub- lic pound at Enst^ Maitland, in the room of Mr. Joseph Palmor, resigned. South Aostbalia.-By way of Melbourne we have Adolaido advices to the 12th instunt. The Legislative Council met again on the 11th, after their long proro- gation, and the Governor, in his opening speech, stated that the new Constitution Act coming out from England with the royal assent during the prorogation, he instantly proclaimed it, and was able to appoint the first responsible ministry tho some day, the old officers taking office with the new powers nnd duties. One only of them bad since resigned, and the Government now hoped that the few measures absolutely necessary to attend to during the short session preparatory to the new elections, would be passed without much difficulty. All measures that could be would be postponed till next session. Fatal Accident near Anvil Creek.-A magiste- rial inquiry was held at the Crown Inn, Anvil Creek,on Tuesday last, before C. F. H. Smith, Esq., J.P., touch- ing the death of Michael Clare. From the evidence it appeared that Clare was coming down the country with a load of wool for Mr. Busby, and when about two miles from Anvil Creek, near a place called the "Nail- ors," foreseeing the approach of a storm, he was about to turn his bullocks upon a rise. He was then on the near side of the leaders. The bullock on the off side however, caught him with his horn, and slung him under the feet of the other bullocks. His wife, with the assistance of Chapman, the driver of another team, and a black boy, extricated him, when he asked for a drink of water, and speaking faintly desired to be bled. He died soon after. Mr. Chapman, of the Crown Inn, sent for a doctor, but to no purpose. There was a long cut on the right jaw of deceased, apparently caused by the horn or hoof of a bullock, the bone under the right breast was smashed, and there were other marks show- ing the injuries inflicted by the bullocks in trampling on him. He was quite sober at the time of the occur- rence. The death was pronounced to be purely acciden- tal. Death from Burning.-We are informed that the unfortunate woman whose sufferings from burning were noticed In our last issue, died at tho hospital, early on Wednesday morning, without having exhibited pre ' monitory symptoms. An Inquest was held on the body, and the death was attributed to the effects of the burning. RACE AT Rutherford.-On Thursday last a match ' came off at the Spread Eagle, between Mr. Thomas Brown's b.g. Hippy and Mr. Edwards's b.m. Creeper, for £20 and a dnzen of champagne. Two milo heats. The old horse won easily. Breaches of the Masters and Servants Act, Patrick Hines appeared beforo the bench, at East Mait- land, yesterday, to answer a charge of a breach of this act, by refusing to pay the wages alleged to be due to Patrick Ward. The complainant not appearing, the case was dismissed.-Moses Murphy was nlso sum moned to answer a breach of the same act. Mr Cham- bers appeared for the defence. Michael M'Curdle der posed that he worked for tho defendant three weeks, at the "rate of £1 per week; he had received £1 In pay mont, but there was a sum of £2 still due, which had boon refused. For the defence Ann Burns and Moses Murphy were examinoi. Fruin their evidence it ap .peared that the complainant had never asked for his wages, and consequently wns never refused. He had upon one occasion lost two bars of iron which bad boen entrusted to bim, and had told the defendant he would settle the loss and would return for his money, which he had failed to do. The bondi remanded the case to Tuesday next, for tho production of evidence as to tho time complainant was in the defendants' employ, a dif- ference of a "week existing between their statements. Melbourne Floor and Grain Market.-The flour market during the earlier portion of the week was steady, with a fair country demand, principally for Ade- laide, which was executed at 21110s to 221 per ton. The Californian flour per Caribbean having, however, been submitted to the hammer yestorday, and bringing only 141 17a Od to 16Í 10s peí ton, although of fair ordinary qunlttv, but not guaranteed, lias completely upset any nominal price, und the intelligence brought up by lato arrivals from Adelaide that »he now crops of wheat ara being offered there nt Is Od per bushel, added to the news of the promising state of the crops in America, California, nnd the West Coast, renders it utterly-Im- possible to give a positive quotation for any sort of flour. Wheat, it is needless to say, is neglected. Horse corn of all description continues in brisk demand, and although we do not to-day quoto any absolute advance, ...i«. ». »crj rood; at full quotod ratOi, viz.:- Colonial grown oats, 9s Od to 10s; Scotch or Irish, 0s 8d lo 7s prime samples; maize, Gs to 0s Gd ; good sweet bran. Is 9d to Is lOd per bushel ; hoy, of tho new crop, good and trussed is worth 10Í to 10Í 16s; prime old, lit '" scóoMftr"ZiV^iiaBlrf¡'f,í Wheat, 9s per bushel, Thomas Fulton andVo.'sMliís Fine flour, 23Í ; seconds, 211 ; bran, Is lOd. Wheat bought nt 8s to 9s. Hudley's Mills : Fine flour, 24Í ; seconds, '221 ; bran, 2s; wheat bought at 8s Od to Os Ramsden and Aitkcn's Mills: Fine Ujur, 23Î; seconds' 211; bran, Is lOd; wheat bought at 8s to 9s do.-Armis. Nov. 17. ' Melbourne Hat Mabkbt.-The same inactivity which prevailed during last week mai Iced the trans- actions until to-day, »hen a good attendance of buyei-B caused a brisk sale at an advance on former rates, nor is it probable that there will bo a similar glut for some time to come. Numerous farmers have finished their last stack this week, others will next 'week, and as every approach has been open for a considerable time, no new arrivals can be looked for, it being presumed that any one having hay endeavoured to send It before commenc- ing the forthcoming harvest. Tho following quotations rolcr moro particularly to this day's sales :-Best old hay, Iii to 122 ; second do, 7i to 92; stained do, li to 61 per ton ; new hay,- trussed, li to 81 ; do, bundled, 51 to 5110s. Number of loads for the week, 278; do. former do., 318 do. Jqhm Butler.-Argus, Nov. 17. Melboobnb Live Stock MAnuET.-Messrs. Kaye and Butchnrt report as follows:-Fat Cattle: The market continues heavily supplied, and prices uro without alte- ration from last week. lhero are still largo numbers in the vicinity of town. We have sold 820 head, as fol- lows:-Good bullocks, at from £7 10s to £10 10s; fair, £5 6s to £7; good cows, £5 to £7 10s. Messrs. E, Row and Co. report:-Mutton : The yards have been well supplied. Best wethers on wool ure worth from 18s to 20s. A large flock, over 1000, was sold in ouo lot to a grazier at about 18s 9d. Shorn sheep begin to arrive freely, and sell as follows : first quality ewes, 10s tol2s; wethers, 11s to 10s, according to quality; second quality somewhat loner. Yeal: The calves brought forward were generally very fat, l)Ut too large,- not being suit- able sold comparatively low, say from SQs to 80s each. Lamb is plentiful. Prices from 10s to 17s, a few prime selling at the latter price. Store cattle uro arriving more freoiy. Sales are effectod at from 70s to 80i, according to quality. We havo this neck delivered ono lot, 400 head, ut 75s, and sold lOOp hoad equal sexes, over two pears old, at 80s, on an approved bill. Horses: Our yards throughout tho week have been fully supplied with stock of nil descriptions. On Monday we sold a lot of 17 saddle and harness horses overland, from Bathurst, with sheep; tbey were of course, In somewhat low con- dition, and averaged £19 per heud. Wo have sold dur- ing the week, several V.D L, cart-horses, at from £50 to £05; and two mobs of colts and fillies Irom the Murrumbidgee district, the flrst, on Thursday, aveiaged £22 10s, the second, on Friday, £-0 per hoad.-Argus, Nov 17. ' _ ' Adelaide Markets,-The advices received from Adelaide by the White Swan to tl)e }2th, havo Imparted an additional heaviness to tho flour uni) grain market. It is reported that sales of tho new crop of wheat have been made at 4s Od und Is 8 _livery.- Melbourne Argus, November 17. Xaonoestoh Mahkbtb.-We have six days latorfrom Tasmania. At Launceston the flour ronrkethad suffered a further decline. It would be dlflkult (says the Cornwall Chtoniole of the 13th inBtant,) to state what the actual price of flour is ut present, there being no buyers except those who purchase small quantities for immediate consumption. We believe it is lmpossblo to sell a quantity above £17 10s per ton. Wheat is also on the decline, parcels baye been.lately disposed of from 8s Od to 7s'Od per busfiol. Oats are firm at 8s 3d to 8s Cd, and potatoes at £3 to £3 1,0s per ton. Hobaut Town Markets- At Hobart Town, on the 18th instant, tho following were the ruling rales for pro duoe:-Wheat, 0s Od to 8s per bushel; fine fleur, £20 per ton; seconds, £18 por ton; bran, Is 6d to ls9d; bay, £0 to £0 10s per ton, pressed; trusBod, £7 to £7 10s; potatoes, £3 10s to £4 per ton; oats, 8s 9d per bushel; English barley, none in tho market; Capo bar- ley, 5s to 5s 0d. Dodds and Co.'s Sales.-Wo are requested to call attention to the sales by Dodds and Co., on Monday, at the sale yards, East Maitland, of 170 head of very «uppriqr fat cattle, from tile Lower Namoi ; 1000 first rato fat sheep, from Goonoo Goonoo ; 00 hoad of bu fierlor horse stock, including well bred mares, upsland ng colts, draught colts, and saddlo horses ; l8 working bullocks, dray nnd tarpaulin,-Communicated. 