THE STAR. THURSDAY, 21st AUGUST, 1856. MR. HUMFFRAY AND THE STAR. AT the meeting of his supporters at the Stat Hotel, on Monday night, Mr Humffray met oar charges in a manner that quite accords with our estimate of bis character. He contradicted some, "misrepresented others, and glossed over those that he dared not reply to. In alluding to our strictures, in that part of his address where he says local in terests had his tirst attention, he kept from the point at issue altogether, and enquired whether a court-house, a cir cuit court, municipal institutions, and an electric telegraph, were for the be nefit ot a section of his constituents. We will assume, for the sake of argu ment, that these benefits were seemed to us through his exertions. But bow does this reply to our charge ? We did not state that he did nothing for the benefit of the whole of his constituents, or for the colony at large. Our words were, that it was unstatesman-like, that he committed a great blunder, and quite mistook his duties as a member of Council, in giving to local interests his first attention. There are some who think otherwise, and who consider that members ought to place the in terests of the districts they represent befbie those of the whole colony. Mr ! Humffray naturally enough appealed to j the sympathies of such a class, and, as a matter of course, received their-ap plause ; bot, as ire have no desire to see an important constituency like North Grant lowered in the eyes* of the colony, we shall do everything in our power to repudiate such a prostitution of its representation. With reference to the sale . «f the Main Road frontages, Mr Humffray saya But I am accused of inconsistency in seeking compensation for a business whilst I deny com pensation to the squatter. How far, however, are the cases parallel? The squatter has 20 square miles, at a rent of £10 a-year, with a pre-emptive right to 640 acres. Independently of this, he is entitled to compensation for any land that mar be taken from him, having sub stantial buildings upon it. We would observe that on such an important question, Mr Humffray be trays great ignorance. The squatters do not receive compensation for any land that may be taken from them, but only for the buildings on it. They have been struggling for some years to ob tain this compensation which our mem ber so freely gives to them, and their candidates for the Upper House place it prominently before the public in their addresses. Does Mr Humffray, in this instance, mean what he says, or is it merely a bit of electioneering clap trap, suitable for the occasion ? The question is au open one. If the latter be the correct solution, the enquiry na turally arises, how far does Mr Humffray consider himself entitled to use such little liberties ? Must we also take his speech cum grano salis ? In his address he complicates the matter still further by uttering an opinion entirely opposite to that given at the meeting. He < says-"I am unable to discover the grounds upon which the squatter can substantiate his claims for the special compensation he asks, and should there fore feel it my duty to oppose it." Here he is unable to discover the grounds upon which the squatter can claim special compensation, and in his speech previously quoted, he says of the squatter, " he is entitled to com pensation for any latid that may be taken," &c.; The mysteries of elec tioneering are certainly wonderful ! At this rate Slr Humffray may feel himself quite open to take either or any side ; we can assure him that his enunciation of political principles will not interfere with his so doing. To return, however, to the Main Road question. Mr Humffray does not look at the principle involved : that is quite a secondary matter with him. He says, are the cases parallel ? We beg to inform him that the principle, at all events, is the same in both cases. The squatters occupy Crown lands ; so do the storekeepers on the Main Road. The latter wish their allotments to be sold, and Mr Humffray, on their behalf, demands compensation for goodwill of business, as well as for buildings. He, however, would refuse to the squatters, (although their runs may have been sold without their consent) any com pensation for the goodwill of v^tàr busi ness. If it be allowed in one case, we do not see how, in common justice, it can be objected to in the other. For this reason we opposed the introduction of a goodwill clause in the sale of the Main Road frontages, feeling assured that it would delay the object desired, and the result has proved the correct ness of our views. On the 5th instant, in commenting on Mr Humffray's conduct on the Vig- j noles' affair, we said " Mr Humffray gave notice of his intention to ask the Government, &c.; ; when the day of questioning arrived, Mr Humffray withdrew his notice-he had been mis informed- Captain Vignoles had been lalsely charged." Mr Humffray says of this, " I distinctly state, that this is a wilful falsehood. I justify using so strong a term, from the fact that the party who wrote the article had a file of the Argus to which he might have referred. He had no right to make such a charge as he had done, when he had it in his power to correct the mis take." There is one thing clear enough here, that we are charged with stating a wilful falsehood, but the gra vity of the charge is ludicrously re j lieved by the confusion of ideas on the part of the speaker. According to him we tell a wilful falsehood, be cause we did not refer to a file of the Argus, which we are allowed the I honor of possessing. The illogical se j quence of this was only equalled by the statement of Captain Vignoles himself, \ when he said that " that to try Francis for stealing a horse which had after wards died, would be like murdering a ghost." Mr. Humffray murders his ghost too in a style which must emi nently recommend him to the electors of North Grant. His opinion of what we can do in our leading columns is also somewhat complimentary to us. We are accused of making a false charge in one of our articles, and are then taken to task for not correcting it at the same time. These, however, are merely trifles, insignificant enough, but serving to show what the Argus rather ironically calls the considerable mental calibre of Mr. Humífiray. We now come, however, to the gist of the affair. What we stated in the article referred to is substantially cor rect, as the following more detailed statement, taken from the Argus will sufficiently prove. On the 11th of January last, an article founded on certain data, in our police report, ap peared in that journal, commenting in severe but not unwarranted terms on the judicial conduct of Captain Vig noles. True to that popularity hunting spirit which seems to be one of Mr Humffray's besetting sins, he, on the same day rose in his place in the Le gislative Council, and announced his intention " of asking the Chief Secre tary, on the 15th of January, if any enquiry were to be instituted into the late singular decision of the stipen diary magistrate at Ballarat, in refer ence to a case of horse-stealing." On the 15 th, the Attorney-General, in reply, said that no official information j had been received in reference to the ¡ case in question, but if it were found to be as represented, an inquiry would ' be instituted.- From Mr^^jomffinay's speech atibe Star Hotel on Monday evening, we learn that he was to bave renewed the question on-tíie 19fli of January. We wilt however, grvChis own words, as published verbatim by us in our last issue. He ßaid-^*^nie question was io be renewed on the I Í 19th, but in tile meantime" I received a certain communication .from Bal- ? larat, &c.M; Our readers w3L there-., fore, perceive that according to- Mr. Humffray's own shewing, the question was still pending between the 15th and 19th of January. On the 17th of January, (vide Argus,) Mr. Humffray rose and said ;-r" Since ie had pnt the question relative to Captain Vignoles, he had received information that Captain Vignoles' decision had been misrepresented by the press, and he felt it his duty to make this fact known. He might state that accord ing to information he had received from a reliable source, the charge of horse-stealing was dismissed because there was no proof of the brands of the horse." Mr. Humffray, therefore, virtually withdrew his charge on the 17th, and our statement which he characterises as a " wilful falsehood" is perfectly correct. We leave our readers to draw their own conclusions, and respectfully request them to place the charge of «. wilful falsehood" in the proper quarter. As we have thus, by a most wanton and disreputable charge on the part of Mr Humffray, been led to enter pretty fully into this Vignoles affair, we may as well give further expression to our opinion of his conduct in the matter. On the same day that we published our police report containing the strange decision of Captain Vignoles, we com mented on it in a leading article. A few days after, viz., on the 11th Jan., the Argus had a leading article on the same subject, calling for the immediate dismissal of Captain Vignoles. Thus in our own columns, and in those of the leading journal of the colony, a grave charge against a government officer was publicly made. It was never disproved, or even attempted to be so, for the simple reason that it could not. A barrister-who, so far as we could learn, was not in the Police Court when the case was heard-wrote a private letter to Mr Humffray, stat ing that the case had been misrepre sented. Acting on this incorrect, pri vate, and therefore irresponsible com munication, and totally ignoring the charges made in the public prints, Mr Humffray, as we before stated, with drew his charge, doubtless thereby saddling the district for some months longer than it would otherwise have been, with the disgraceful judicial fol lies of Captain Vignoles. We may as well state here, (not that it reflects discredit on Mr. Humffray, but that it still more conclusively proves the cor rectness of our polite report of this affair) that Mr. Humffray's corres pondent has publicly stated to the effect that Captain Vignoles acted very wrongly, but that he meant well ; and that his (the correspondent's) object in writing as he did to Mr Humffray, was merely to make use of one friend to serve another friend. We have by no means exhausted our statements of facts with regard to Mr Humffray's legislative doings ; having so far taken his advice as to examine a file of the Argus, we find its version of the Council proceedings somewhat different to his own. We think that in the meantime, however, we have furnished to the electors of North Grant, or to those of them, at least, who value ftheir political privileges, some matter or reflection. j 