Dll. LILLIE'S FAREWELL SERMON: Yesterday morning the-Rev. Dr. Lillie deli vered his farewell sermon in, St. Andrew's Church, to a densely-crowded congregation. : , Wo are happy to bo able. to. lay this dis-.- course in cxtensa before our readcra:— i " Auu now, uremron, a commenci- you to God, and to tlio word of His graco, which is ablo to build you up, and to givo you an in heritance among all them that are sanctified." Acts xx. 33. Such, brethren, is tho parting farewell which Paul gave to the elders of Epliesus, whom, as tho representatives , of the Church, ho had sent for when on his way to Jerusalem. Nothing could be more appropriate, or more truly oxpressivo of the sentiments, which a Christian minister ought to cherish, when tak ing leave of those amongst i whom lie hns la boured. He first of nil commends thonv to God — commits them in faith and prayer . 'to Him who could alone savo and protect them.' On such an occasion tho heart is : naturally warm and anxious about its objects it views them in connexion with tho changes andviois- situdes inseparable from all human conditions, and which any consideiablo interval of time is almost sure to develop. As the future is to our natural apprehensions altogether dark dud uncertain — as wo cannot tell what 'a day, or a year, or any portion of the coining time, tiiay givo birth to, wo cannot avoid afeelmgofsolioi- tudo about what may befal thoso in whom we aro interested wheu we are separated from them; We gaze on' thom as .we; do oii.tho vessol quitting tho harbour on a long and pe rilous voyage. As it recedes from the shore, and loses itself in the distance, imagination is busy with what may happen to it tho storms it may havo to oncountor, the dangers lying in sidiously in its way, and the thousand chances and accidents so obviously incidont to its ad venturous course, aro all naturally suggested, and deepen our concern for its fate. Not loss uncertain, and as far as our own foresight is concorned, not loss fortuitous, is ' the life of man, and the events and contin gencies it embosoms. It is truly a , voyage across an ocean, sometimes calm and serene— not seldom troubled and tempestuous, and always fitful and uncertain — liable at . any moment to be roused to fury and to givo rise to peril and disaster. When men are separating, like the Apostle and the Elders. of Epliesus, to prosecute their respective courses on such a hazardous voyage, - who does not fool tho infinito propriety uud tho unspeakable security and happiness of commending one another to that ever blessed Being whose omniscient eye surveys the uui- verse ranges over all space and all time, and whoso'Almighty arm can ward off every eal- 'amity and save from every danger. But wo should greatly . err, brethren, if wo imagined that tho evils against which ;tho Christian Apostle and the members of tile Ephesian Church required proteetiomvere thoso of ordinary humanity. Doubtless they were obnoxious to theso in common with the rest of mankind. But thoro wore others of graver import and afi'ecting.in- comparably higher interests which were pecu liar to. them. They were Christian men aud as such they had principles of belief and action, and were animated by hopes and fears . proper to them- - solves, and which others could neithor under stand nor sympathize with. They had ombraced a religion which oom- templated and provided for the deliverance' of tho soul from sin, and its ultimate preparation for " glory, honor and im mortality," and which exacted under the most; solemn sanctions, tho immediate practice of godliness and virtue and an incessant warfare' against tho powers of darkness nnd tho corrupt manners and passions of tho world. '. Tho Apostle felt all this when he was bid ding farewell to those " among whom, by the', space of threo years, ho had gone preaohing - the kingdom of God and who, lie had the presentiment, should see liis, faco no more. His heart yoarned ovor them as their spiritual father. He dreaded the risks their recent faith and. immature experience would run, when they came to contend, alone, witii the tempta tions and persecutions which awaited them. No wonder then that while he solemnly re minded thom of tho fidolity with which he had-, discharged his mission among them, ; and warned them of their obligations to " take heed . to thomselves aud to all the flock, ovor which" the Holy Ghost had mado them overseers, " " lie should, in tho deep earnostness of his . re gard for them, commend thom to God, whose- graco and protection were tho only adequate securities for their safety and happiness. . - The Apostle's language becomes more ox- ; plicit aud definite in tho subsequent. part of the text. Ho commends them not only to; God, but to tho word of HiB grace; and of that; word lie affirms that it is able to build them.' up, and to give them an inheritance among ; them that are sanctified. The word of God is the authoritative exposi tion of the Divino character and will to man- kind. It is pre eminently distinguished as a revelation of grace. : All its ' provisions for the forgivoness , of sin, and the sanctification and .final triumph of the- believer are based on tho absolute and Al mighty graco of God. When tho Apostlo ' theroiore commended them to God and to the word of His grace, .lio. indioatedj the sottroo" whence tlioir strength and security wore to bo derived; lie shewed most significantly on what they were to depend and be conversant with as \ the condition of then- spiritual pros- perity and safety. They were to look to God'1 through tho medium of his Holy Word. To> < confide - in tho glorious Saviour whom it sets forth as ,'tlre author, and the finisher of their' - faith and rely upon the Holy Spirit 'who in- ; spited it, and who has revealed Himself in it " as , the great and ,,eireotual onlightener, "-: sanctifier, comforter, and helper of : the i .Churoh. Through prayer; and zealous- en-'- doavour, foundod on the great and preoious promises of tho Divino Word, tho momentbus work of their edification; (heir being, buiU n> rb a spiritual houso for the service anil glory of God was to he our'riod on, nud completed, and their inheritance among tho pure and glorified spirits of heavou! for over achieved without, hut " cruel blockings and scourgiiigs, bonds, and imprisonmont." Such, brethren is a briof exposition of what appears to bo implied in; this coinmoudation of Paul when taking lonvo of tho Elders of Epliosus. Its application to our prosent cir- bum8tances is suffloiontly obvious. True there were importautpocuUuritios in their case whioli do not apply to ours. Paul, as an in spired Apostle stood in a peculiar and extraor dinary relation to tho church, nud he andliis contemporaries lived in an ago wiion Christi anity, . strong only by its own inborn vigour, had all tho powors ttnd principalities of the world arrayed in active hostility against it, ttud when its fow and seattorea adherents, hud nothing to look for from \- But .' aftor making oyery allownnco for nil til at was special and extraordinary in the situation of the Apostla nd those :whotn ho addressed, there remains' ' sufficient to justify tlie application of the' passage to our own case. ' " "Y ' .1 havo tho prospeot of a temporary separa tion from you, ai'tov having laboured among you . as your . pastor for moro , thnn eighteen years. During that poriod it has boon my special office "to declare unto you tho couusol of God," faithfully to sot forth thoso great doc triuos which tho Almighty has revealed. for the salvation of rnoti and bywavning;and admo- monition, by affeotionato entreaty and oxhor- tatiou,.to induce the sinuer to 3'epeut and return unto God, and to strengthen and con firm the faith of His people. It has been my lending aim to. unfold the ohdraetor and worth of Christ as tlie basis of a. sinner's hopo, and tho sole ground of his accbptance. with God; and wliilo doing this, to deinpnstrato the insuffioioney of human merit, and tho necessity of absoluto depend ence upon1 Almighty grace. At tli'o samo timo that I hnvo been tints careful to point out to you tho true and only foundation, I havo been equally careful to urge the obligation of good works and a holy life, both as flowing, by n moral necessity, from the cordial reception of tho scriptural doctrino of grace, and especially its being tho only valid and trustworthy proof that their doc trine's have becomo actually available for sal vation. It has evor been my aim, too, to analyse and enforce the difforont parts of the Christian character. As tlieso are bountifully illustrated in tlie life and actions of Christ, and tiio sub ordinate characters of the Bible, — ns well as inculcated id the numerous nnd varied pre cepts of Holy Scripture. And while thus exhibiting tho scheme of Redemption, Loth in its principle nnd applica tion—both as regards the pardon of sm and the obligation of personal holiness, I lmvo over practically deioirod to tho importance of tracing "the whole to its glorious originating sourco in : the everlasting nnd unfntliomahlo love of God for tho souls of tnon. " God so loved the world that ho gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever bolioveth iu him might not perish, hut havo ovorlnsting iifo," — is a text which lias nlways appoared to mo to em body tlie very soul of the religion of tlie Bible, as a practical system for imparting peace to the conscience— purity and joy to tho heart, and holiness and Christian integrity to tho lifo. Amongst tho subordinate topics to whiuli my own particular bias and habits of thought especially inclined 1110, I may mention tho harmony and co-oporation which pcivade and characterise tho laws of Nature — tho arrange ments 'of -Divine Prbvideneo, and tho Revolu tions of the Word of God, ns only parts of one glorious wholo — mutually adapted to oaoli other, and all consenting and working toge ther for the accomplishment of tho groat moral purposes of the government of God. In conformity ivith this idea 1 havo over repre sented to you Time nnd Eternity — ' tho Present World nnd tlie World to' Come — 'Earth and 1-Isnvon — as mutually related to each other 111 the plnco of Divine wisdom, -and having cnch its own ap preprints and consistent claim upon tho at tention and regard of men as subjects of the Divino government and followers of Christ. Agreeably to this view I havo habitually in culcated upon you the Apostolic maxim of " using this world without abusing it," earnest ly addressing yourselves to tho performance of its duties, and thankfully participating in tlie enjoyment of its blessings — but at tho same time carefully guarding against being botrayed into the inordinate and sinful lovo of it. I havo often deemed it nocessavy and pecu liarly suited to the condition oi' society to which you belonged, to warn you against tlie pursuit of mere matorial wealth, as the solo and exclusive good of man. I hnvo ever sought to impress upon you, that sucli wealth has no intrinsic value of its own, but deriving all its importance in 'relation to tho liigher and nobler purposes to which it is applicable. I luive over pointed to thoso imperishablo distinctions of tho soul— tho enlightenment of tho understanding — peace of conscience, and a heart enriched with all holy affections, with supremo love apd reverence for God, and kindness and benevolence for men, and a will strong, and unconquerable in tho assertion of whatever is truo and beautiful and good — as ulono worthy of tho ambition of n rational and immortal creature like man. It has been my special object to im press these views and principles upon the young as tho groundwork of their character and plan of lifo — as the only certain guarantee for their happiness either here or liorenfter. That I liavo taught all, or done all. that, as a minister of Ohiist, I ought to have done, it would be unwarrantable presumption in me to affirm ; I am deeply conscious, brethren, of my own sad deficienoy. I havo too high a conception of the character and obligations of my office, and tho peculiar difficulties and exi gencies of the circumstances nud condition of sooiety under which it has been held, to imagine that I havo iu praotioe come up to it. But while I havo imposed on mo the solemn duty of taking myself to tnsk for tho imperfec tions of my work, and humbling mysolf bofore God at the thought of it, it is also incumbent on me to 'exhort -you to oxamine your own nearts and lives as to the effect which the truths I have preached have' had upon you. Have they wrought in yon that repentance whioh needeth not to be repented of? Have they, by tho blessing of God, led you to for sake sin, and to oultivato habits of godliness anil virtue ? Have they brought you to Christ, and made you live near to God, as your re conciled Father and your Almighty Friend? D« their effects flourish in your hearts, and 1 ear fruit in.your lives ? Oh brethren! the time is short; life is awful y uncertain; oternity,- with its judg ment seat, and its solemn retributions, may be close at hand. How soon liavo 'the years we have been togotlier passed away, and yet these years make up no small portion ' of the life oi man. All of us during that timo havo made a large advanoo towards our otor nal homo ; and all of us ought, thoioforo, on 8U0I1 an occasion - to lie solemnly asking our selves what wo have boon doing and whither wo are going. I-Iavo wo bcon rightly, using tho tnlouts which God has entrusted us with, for His, glory and tho good of our l'ollow-mcn ? and are 'wo ready to rontlor to Him an account of our stewardship ? TI10 eousoiousness of past sins, and short comings! ! wliilo it covors us with sorrow and regret, ought to stimuhtto us to renowed dili gence and zeal iu tho sorvieo of God and tho causo of Christ. . Nor can I take lonvo of you without advert ing to the .outward chnnuol of circumstances nnd conditions through whioh our dcoper ox- porienco has tlowod. It has two aspects, — the ono relating to my oonnccticn with tho inci dents of your personal and domestic history, tho other embracing the events which have happened, to-us as, a olrareh. Undor thoi former point of view how deoply interesting is the, retrospect of our inter course. 1 havo soon you nnd had sympathy with you in tho most touching and impressivo passnges of your oxperienco. . ,, .Thavo seen you when. your hearts, wore thankful and glad on oociistous of rejoioing in your families— whon your infant' children, smiling with . health and innocouce, and tlie large promiso of happiness, were 'do-, dioated in baptism , unto God. I havo seen you when amid smites and tears, your sons and daughters were united in wed lock and called to leavo your homos, to establish homos of their own ; and often, also, have I seon you when afilietion and calamity have wrung your hoarts,. and covered your dwellings with dosolatioii and , woo.'- How many that were dear to you havo I attended on ; their dying' bods,1 ttud ' followdd to their rosting-pifteo in tho gravo. Our gravoyard — lilted ns it lins'neariy beon since I oame among you— tolls emphatically of the many sad blanks whioh death has made in your families. Often, as I havo traversed its walks, have I bcon reminded of tlie indivi dual scenes of soirow, and also of Christian faith nnd patience, which I had witnossod in connection with thoso whose liodios now liq, eold and passionless beneath its sod. I hnvo been ndmittod, too, as your friend and counsellor, into your confidence 111 rela tion to your most private affairs. After haviug mot you, and had follow-fcoling with you, ill circumstances liko tlieso, how can 1 but. foel at parting with. you, or cau subsoqucnt events over obliterate tlie deep and impressive traces which such circumstances could not luitmukeupon my mind? Or could I fail to remember tho many deeds of personal kindness and afi'ootion 1 lmvo received from you? The kind consideration you havo manifested for tho difficulties of my position — the fidelity with which you havo stood by mo through tho different trials and changes wo have had to encounter in our ecclosiusticul relations, — and tho deep and lasting friendships 1 have formed amongst yon — friendships which have como out without interi-uption or diminution, hut 011 tho contrary, consolidated and confirmed from tho testing ordenl of oightcon years' intimnto association and Intercourse. But I must now pass from tlie retrospect of private and domestic incidonts to our more : general ecclesiastical .concerns. ' Whon I arrived among you, I was, as you are aware, immediately committed to a struggle for our rights lis a church — a stnigglo which ultimately terminated in the complote recognition of these rights— nnd which, more over, hns had 110 small or unimportant in fluence in establishing the gonoral ecclesias tical freedom whioh this community now enjoys. 1 received congratulations from the Into Drs. Chalmers nnd Welsh, and other omi- cent names connected with the Oliureh of Scotland, on the success which had attended this incipient strugglo. 12 very tiling liodod well for our future pros perity. Our friends in the mother country wero.wnrm nnd active in oui behalf, till tho Disruption of 18-13, when it became neces sary for us to determine tho part we should take with reference to tho two opposite nnd conflicting divisions to which that ovont had givon rise. . Tlie part wo then took is suffi ciently known to you nil, and -needs not to bo nnvratod hero. Though the event lins, 011 the wholo justified tho courso wo adopted, yet, by depriving us for tho timo of a supply of nblo mid regularly educated ministers, it 1ms in flicted upon us evils neither few nor small. By boing thrown 011 tho necessity of admitting to ecctesiasticnl ollices those whoso education wus defectivo, our church bus suffered and still sufi'ors. But a brighter day is happily now dawning upon us. Tho cordial understand ing which 1ms liocn at length established botwoon us, and tho two loading churches of our denomination in Victoria promises to hnvo the happiest results. That colony from tho extent of its population and general re sources, and above all from tho largo and rapidly growing number of its presbylerians ; many of them of high standing and character in society, must evor tnko n foremost part in our ecclesiastical all'uirs iu tlieso eolouies. Tho idoaol'our general Presbyterian Church of Australia upon which tho eminent men belonging to ono denomination in Victoria, are now agreed, ns au object to ho kept steadily in view, and alternately accomplished, is undoubtedly tho truo 0110 and cannot fail under God's blessing, ns it is gradually rea lized to he productive of tlie greatest good. I leave tlieso colonies with n far lighter heart and higher hopes tor tho future, than I possibly could lmvo dono had this new and bettor state of things not boou initiated, and my earnest exhortation at parting to you all is by your prayers and ondonvours to do all in your power to promote such a worthy and glorious object, that thus peace may speedily bo within our Australian /,ion and prosperity within her palaces. Ono of the oliicf ends of my return homo is to promote tlio same noblo end ; so that while at opposite sides of tho world we shall ho working together 011 tho tho same great cause. And now brethren I must say farewell by commending you 111 the words of t'bo Apostlo unto God and tho word of His grace which is able to build you lip and givo you nu inheri tance nmong thorn that nvo sanctified. — " May the God of ponce that brought again from tlie dead our Lord Jesus, that great Shoplierd of theshoop, through the blood of tho everlasting Covenant make you porl'oct in every good work, to do- His will-working in youtliat which is well plensingin his sight, through Jesus Christ, to whom bo elorv for over and over — Amen." 