THE CONFESSIONS OF A DRUNKARD. (From the Sydney Herald.) AN ALLEGORY, BY PETER 'POSSUM. THERE have been no ' Country Comments' lately, the country commentator having been in town – but no, that is a cowardly evasion. 'Passing Events' have been to me recently no more than the shadows of the dancing ivy-leaves outside the chancel-window to the marble effigy that lies within, would only that my sleep had been as stony and devoid of all sub- jective consciousness; but fearfully energetic enough to convert the stoutest materialist to Fichte- ism – has been the activity of the Opossic Ego, spider- like spinning from itself a circling web of horrors. Nature, mineralogists tell us, in her crystal-making, never quite attains the geometrical figure at which she aims – fall short of her physical ideal; what wonder, then, that a poor scribbler should fail to reach his ethical ideal? A sadder, and, I trust,a wiser man, with less confidence in myself, with far more charity for my fellows, shall I henceforth write. Peter must do penance in the broad sheet, with a burning brow by way of taper. He hath been drunk, very drunk. To make my .penitence practical, to convert my own burning into a beacon light for others, I will give a plain record of my folly and its fruits. Luther-like, though I spatter my own wall, I'll fling my inkstand at the Devil – for such, mangre his mythological Greek godship, is Dionyaos really. I start from Groggee Groggee. First Day. – Get drunk, and walk into a lagoon. Second Day. – Get drunker, and walk into a dig- ger ; digger retributively walks into me; mail drops me. like a log or a letter bag, at a roadside inn. Third Day – Benighted barmaid don't know what I mean by 'soda-water,' advises bitters; a wearisome warm walk ; dreamy recollection of dirty Maitland, basking like a pig in the sunlight ; of an inebriated Irishman who calls me 'real gintleman,' and to whom I give silver; 1 can't tell exactly why; of a bus and of a boat. Fourth Day. – I wake and find myself – not famous, but in Sydney, much marvelling how I got there; thoughts jostle one against another, like chairs and tables in a flooded room; atmosphere all in a tremble, like the air over a lime-kiln; friends burst out laugh- ing when I speak, imaging I'm joking; but subse- quently compassionately recommended me to lie down. Sundry day, not accurately distinguished. Ex uno discB oranss. Like Decandolles' sensible plant, I change my nature, invert my habitudes; sleeping during tbe daytime and waking to drink in fiery dew at sunset; click of billiard-balls, pictures, sofas, little marble-topped tables, magazines whereon but- tery thumbs have left their unctuous autographs, podgy brass spring-bells – tintinnabular Cyclopes with ivory eyes, Etruscan water-jugs, cups of black coffee wherein float spoons, from which ascend blue flickering flames - pigmy transports on fire in Lilli- putian Black Seas, tumblers with various contents; the cafe, I suppose ; literary friends taking trans- cendentalism – unsubstantial as the smoke of the cigars we puff; in Carlylese, every third word begin- ning with a capital, moimeme listening with some- what owlish expression of countenance, dimly im- pressed, however, with the idea that all things are about to dissolve in the Inane. Spasmodic visits to the playhouses, where – to borrow an image from Thackeray – the performances appear to me like dancing to a man who has stopped his ear to the music. I can't understand why the people laugh, and clap, and stamp – I remember that I once used to take an interest in these things, but now I have lost all appreciative sense – they are to me as the Greek he read at school so glibly to him who has forgotten his Greek. Guerilla-like in- roads into Green Rooms, fraternisation with gentle- men in abnormal beards and breeches, and ladies with cotton velvet bodies and quarter of an inch thick complexions, hand-shaking with " Mrs. Sheppard'' (with yellow-ochre wrinkles ruled upon her brow, regularly parallel as the wires of the electric telegraph;) - wonder how long ago it is since I knew her a laughing blushet of eighteen, termi- nating in a grave remark that she has aged very much within the last six months. Supper-rooms, resounding with the strife of tongues and the rattle of knives, forks, spoons, tankards, plates, and dishes, where "fried brains, whole hecatombs of oysters" (their shells piled high in heaps like Celtic cairns,) devilled kidneys, Welsh rabbit, and other post- theatrical delicacies are washed down with strong waters, porter and pale ale – liquids and solids that afterwards figure in little .French pencilled bills of parcels,.the totals by no means justifying the fame for mathematical accuracy that the French enjoy; whero the round, unshorn, indolently benignant countenance of the blue-bloused proprietor, lazily lolling, with his hands in his pockets against the wall, looms through the greasy steam-like moon through London mist, waking up, however, into a look of magpie cautious cunning, should some cute commercial habitue, blending business with pleasure, endeavour to wheedle him, in moments of festivity, into a copious order for coals or candles; where, too, those who once were women, with their bold hungry eyes, and harsh, hoarse, hollow laugh, flit hither and thither restlessly, black velvet-mantled sirens seeking whom they may destroy. Being full of supper and distempering draughts, I sally forth intending to 'go home.' Vague wan- derings. Emeute in the streets. Troopers charge madly up and down, valorously ordering mobs of three instanter to disperse. Foot traps, twigging my alcoholic condition, mark me for their own ; but by some good luck I escape the watch-house, and reach my lodgings– to find myself locked out. Having no latch-key, I knock up some neighbouring friend, who kindly makes me up a sofa-bed – Da Capo ¦ I forget exactly how many times. A noble manly life – quite worthy of a creature into whom God has breathed, from His own essence, as it were – a soul. The gift seemed somewhat superfluous, though, for him whose best type is a barrel. Daily to drown the intellectual life, as though it were some worthless kitten – an elevated labour, truly, a most exalted mission ! Confervae and liverworts may live in boiling springs, but brandy is a Pyriphlegethon, in which for a man to soak is madness ; and mad I soon become. The delirium-demon had danced around me for some hours before he clutched me in his grasp. I strove to lay the spirit in a hot red sea, but nearer and nearer came he, grinning horribly a ghastly smile as I raised my head from each successive glass; and at length his blasting fingers seized me by the brow, and burnt inwards to my brain. Believing that by some show of utter cowardice I had become the scorn, and by some deed of meanest baseness the detestation, of mankind, I rushed from the city, where every living being that I met hissed out the words, and pointed the finger of contempt at me – the very stones I trod upon, as though indignant at the contamination of my touch, Crying out against me; determined to destroy myself, or to die of starva- tion in the wilderness. I should have destroyed myself, could I for one moment have fancied myself alone; but the bush was peopled with hundreds of scoffing spectators, stinging my soul with their mos- quito-taunts. Blacker and blacker grew the crimes imputed to me, and all of tbe most degrading infamy. I was cut off from the sympathies of my kind; soli- tary as Cain, and, worse than Cain, a coward. Every- where the country people-rose (I say not seemed to rise; the rising was so real – I saw and heard them) to drive me from their districts, and hunt me down like vilest vermin. At length I was captured, and was about to be De Witted, when I gave money (really threw it away, I find) to the leaders of the mob, in order that I might be shot instead. A pistol was levelled at my head, and glad to have an oppor- tunity of wiping off at least the loathsome stain of poltroonery from my character, and eager to flee away from this troubled world, and be at rest, I bid them fire with a smile on my lips. In some inscru- table way I was saved, and after renewed weary wanderings, fell down exhausted in the scrub, and slept. In the morning all my terrors had returned, and a frosh mob was at my heels, headed by a fero- cious Irishman, who yielded a huge battle-axe, with which he swore that he would cleave my skull. Flinging away my hat and boots, I made for Botany Bay, ran breathless along its fringe of silvery sand, and seeing a boat at the end of the jetty, bounded over its creaking planks (there is one wanting about the middle, I remember) intending to pull out to sea, and take my chance. I reached the boat, there were no oars. Again I turned my face to the shore, reached it before my retreat was cut off, and tried to catch a horse that was grazing in the bush. ' He's going to steal a horse,' my persecutors exclaimed, and came howling on like hounds. About ten feet from the shore I saw some stakes; taking off my belt for a weapon, I ran into the water and stood at bay, with these for a breastwork. A parley ensued, and it was agreed that I should exchange shots with some gentlemen whom, it seems, I had insulted, and who had joined in the chase after me. If I escaped I was to be allowed to go free. I gladly accepted the terms: but when I reached the land, a blindness came over me; I could not find my way to my antagonist ; and now the very gum trees called me coward !' as the hot wind stirred their dull metallic leaves, I was unconscious for awhile; when con- sciousness returned, I had committed a new crime – fouler than any before. The pack that hounded me now avowed that they would tear me to pieces, burn out my eyes, disembowel me. I jumped into a pool, and tried to drown myself. A rope was brought to drag me ont, and turpentine to fling upon me; afterwards I was to be burnt to death, for the plague had come upon me, and none liked to touch my person. A magistrate interfered, I per- suaded him of my innocence, when a gentleman rode up, overthrew all my statements, and 1 was given up to the populace. A gallows was erected, a hurdle was brought, when suddenly I broke away, and met with some one who kindly gave me shelter in his store. I heard the mob surging round me like a sea, fierce as fiends at being disappointed of their prey: but they found some other victim; he was hanged, and all was still. The store became a dark room in a public-house. I overheard a whispered plot to murder me on my road to Sydney. A policeman, I believe, took me into Sydney that night; him I considered an accomplice of my enemies, and resisted until he handcuffed me. In the watch-house similar scenes were enacted over and over again: mobs roaring like hungry lions for my blood; vigilance com- mittees, with solemn chants and muffled drums, marshalling me to execution. I remember being brought before the magistrates one Monday morning: for a short time the court wore its ordinary common- place appearance, a joking Bench, chatting reporters, policemen stiff as though they fed on starch, a crowd of curious idlers, arid a dock full of lushingtons, dirty and haggard as a pen of pigs on board a Waterford steamer just arrived in the Cumberland basin, Bristol, – suddenly shot through my mind that thrilling verse in the awful Dies Irae — Tuba mirum spargens sonum, Per sepulchra regionum, Coget omnes ante thronum, and all was changed. I saw a great white throne, it was the Final Judgment. I only heard my doom. Swiftly I was hurried down a deep dark stream, at the end of which I saw an ocean of sulphur, red- foamed, purple, sullen, boundless; with that look of suppressed hate, rage soon to revel at its own wild will; that the sea wears at sunset in the tropics on the eve of a thunderstorm. The liberated denizens of that dread sea passed me, as I swept onwards to its torments, with awful pity in their eyes. I was the one damned being in the universe, and the waves that broke against the boat that bore me murmured 'For ever ! I came to myself in a strait-jacket in the 'cranky cell' in Darlinghurst; B. O , the broad arrow, and 'Gaol' upon my blankets. Worse even than uncon- scious madness is that transition state, when you are conscious of your folly, and yet not able to regulate your life, but have to give yourself up to the guidance of another's will ¦ when you are neither mad nor sane – when you can neither breathe the upper air nor enjoy the Lethe-draught beyond the Styx, but wander gib- bering – an unburied ghost. How hateful are the pity- ing or despising eyes that fall upon you ! The very convicts, with their narrow brows and faces bestialized, as they came into church, from which we, 'the silly men' were taken out by our keepers, like a flock of sheep, seemed to say as they passed. ' Stand by, I am more rational than thou!' And oh ! how horribly the animalism, in times of mental health, a dead Enceladus buried beneath graceful foliage of forest trees and vine- yards, then rubs his eyes, shakes himself, and rises up a giant ! A bulimy came on me. Like an Otomac, I could have eaten clay, or as those poor fellows in the Polar regions did, have devoured with infinite gusto a pair of buckskin breeches. I blush to think of the swine-like eagerness with which we rushed to the hommony tub in the morning; of the anxiety with which we fished, as though for ' orient pearls,' for anything solid in that infinitesimally diluted esscnce of meat, our soup; of the greedy gratitude with which an eleemosynary cold potato, from some contemptu- onsly compassionate donor was grasped and gobbled. Oh ! those dreary, purposeless walks up and down that cold comfortless corridor, unflecked by any light save the occasional visit of a friend (God's blessings on the dear Samaritans !), for the sunlight outside was a mocker, and that that fell upon the walls and floor, a misty, mournful captive like ourselves ! Oh, those long, hateful, locked-up hours of stench and sleeplessness, and maniacal raving ! Incipient toper, is brandy worth imbibing at such a price as this? Nay, my brother, let us drink to each other's refor- mation in a cup of fragrant coffee. With that aromatic moisture will I refresh my frame, and lyco- podium-like, once more take root in the soil of sanity. Botanists call lycopodium the " resurrection plant''. – ego quoque resurgam. Free, and with a friend ! O joy extreme! is it indeed The outer gate I see ? Is this the road? Is that a cab? And has it come for me ? After my late life, " Peter Possum, gentleman," seems an extravagantly fluttering designation in my bail-bond; but n'importe! I grasp that precious liberty-giving document, thanks to thee, St–k–e. most genial and generous of the sons of Themis, and delicate as kind. And now, blowing the long forbidden cloud, I sit in that friend's nest, veiled round with verdure. The walls are hid with books – old, rich, and rare, modern, and sparkling – mental wine from every land, of the vintages of every age. It is in the library that I sit, listening, delighted, to my host's " most musical" meandering flow of talk. Ripe scholarship, erudition, singularly wide and deep, the most delicate sensibility to the beautiful, glee at discovering it like that of a child who has come upon a hidden bank of forest, flowers, personal recollections of Northern Lights that twenty years ago crowned Edinburgh with a coronal of poetical glory – the stars that stud the " Noetes," ambrosial rather than, ambrosian, make it, indeed, a treat; whilst, ever and anon, my hos- pitable hostess, with her bright smile and warm Hibernian heart, glides in and out, beamingly beautiful as a sorrowless Madonna. Close by the open window a pear tree waves its wealth of summer snow. Like it, my heart has blossomed in the sunshine, and drops beneath its load of gratitude and joy ; " Sweet is pleasure after pain." Balmain, September 27th, 1856. 