XEH'S OF THE DAY T I W • riv t<» have a Lecture on Friday evening from Mr W. II. Btnford, in White's Assembly on tlie subj. ct of KAlstNU Fl.'NTIS, FOR UFU'iio!-* pi itpnsps, r.Y means of Bazaars, and we nope it will be well h:irid'e<l. ami as well attended. Mr Burford knows what, is right, and what i> wr ng, on such matters, if lie lias only courage enough to say it. Hut this is such an age of •" LM'ip >pi-m," that we do not know what to e.\\}» < t from anybody. The only fear we have, is, lost the stage should be engaged in the service of the pulpit. Things uro fast verging towards that. The HORTICULTURAL AM> FLoiCKT LTURAL Society's Show of Fiuk- and Flowers t ikes J place in VA hite's Assembly l'oon.s to-day. It it is onlv a- sue essful as the la-t, it will b * as gratifi ing to the public, it will be sat s!ae tory to the subscrib* is Mu G wy.nn r, of the linn of Messrs (.1 wynne a-n; Lawrence, of this city, ha* been asked to stand, as one of the CM Y Oanihoa tes, for a seat in the House of Assembly, at the forthcoming elections. His answer, we believe, is, that be shall stand for no district, on any sec'ional interest, but shall go in, if he goes in at all, on perfectly indepen dent principles. That is the true course, and if Mr txwynne stands tor Adelaide on those principles, we have little doubt of his being re turned. The Harvest this year does not promise to b« so early by a week or so as was once I thought. The- is owing to the great favmi abl •- j m-ss of the season, and the heaviness < t the cr *p j mi ihe ground. What we are going to do wi h ; it, wi.en it is ivsiped, we do rot know. unic-s we : gel the Distillation Act repealed, and tern a i targe portion ot it into e >k>ni:U spirit. It is j quite cic.tr, we shall have enough on our bauds, I and to spare, after supplying both Melbourne j and Sydney, without their troubling themselves about South America, or South America troubling itself about them. Some of the District Councils are under an impression, tli it the new Act of last session gives them power to alter the months, as well as the huitrs, in which stubble may be burnt. The original Act, it may be remembered, states that "no tire shall be lighted lor the burning of stubble, hay, or grass, between the first day of j December and the fifteenth day of .March." The i Act of last session, however, provides " that i every Distiiot Council shall have the power to j alter, and vary, liom time to time, the hours j within wIik'o tires may be hguted tor the hum in" of stubble, within their respective districts." ; Thus, it will be seen, the DL-triet Councils have j -imply the power to altir the hours of the day, j but lmt the months in which their stubble may be ; burnt. j We knew a until, who, a little while ago, j Pou"lit a section of land, which, tic-cording to the j Government Mai-s, urns as h,dutifully supplied j with ro ids, as was Tom Clinker's allotment, j which was all fro-.tag -. The purchaser, how- I ev-. r, soon found that roads up 11 Government; maps were even worse than roads made by the i Central Load Board, for, upon his section, tiieiv j was not the ghost of such a thing. In tact, he I had to trespass upon another man's property, to i get to his own : and, for the future, he will either be c nipt.db-'l to go to and fro in a bdlo- n, or provide himself with u minatuie Thames i'u un I Our lvad rs may think this all u o li.-hioc ; but they wili see many eases equally bad, it they tion to the report of yesteril:.y s meeting ot tin- , i ,'ist i ict Councils' Chainnen. The only chane ol r im dv for the confusion which llow exists is, j for the Government to make » carolul re--urvey ■ of;..e i.olc cwbnv, and prepare maps founded; upon that 1 --urv. ). But bow to settle the ques tio: s ol title, which will arise in such a ease, we do not know, but the longer tlie matter is delayed, the great, r tbe dill'wulty will become. The Government t0 have been amusing | themselves with the District Cot ncies, and, their pr> seeding*. \ short time since, circulars ; were tr.:iistniI;' *1 t > those bodies, calling upon ; tlu-ni to pay into the Treasury such funds as ; they may have received on account ol tin* sale of unci aim d i attle. This order was issued on , the strength of a clause of the original l istriet Councils Act, which provided that the money in question should be paid over t.o the Coiouia. "frrasnrei-, tu la- retained two years, the period within which it might be claimed by the owners of the lo-t eat lie. There is, however, a clause in a later Act, which seems to n quire, that the District Council should retain po-se-sion ol the money ; and, on this point, some ot them took their stand, and opened a correspondence with their lawyers. The lawyers, liowaver, decided, that the money should lie paid to the Govein- : riifiit. But now the Government refuse to re ceive il, so that the cash belongs tn nobody, and , the best thing the District Councils can do with it,is, to put it all together, and have a "jolly Sootl , blow-ont-ilicutum" among themselves. The Inspector of Nuisances had better pub lish a 1 land-Book, to let, ti e public know where tin; City Foot-pa ihs really are. At, present, according to a ia.se oi appeal bioiignt he tore the Local Court yesterday, it seems to be held doubt ful by the Mayor and his officers, whether a man I may drive a vehicle, in and out ol his own yard, unless be can spirit them to and fro, after the manner of the accomplished wizard, old Sir Michael Scott. In "Some Account oi Alhluy," in the second number of the Border Post, the writer of that notice says, the first steamer arrived at Albury in October, 1855, and the vessels of the Murray ltiver Navigation C<>m any have since then mad.- frequent and regular passages up the Murray. In close connection with the subject of the navigation of the river is the quust'ou of (Just ms' duties. The tariff was first imposed about :lie middle of 18.14, and great inconveni ence was thereby inflicted on travellers und resi dents in this district. No quantities of dutiable goods were too small to escape the notice of the olTu-er of Customs, and instances have frequently occurie l where duty lias been levied twice or three times ov< r, on sticks of tobacco or pounds of ten, which had been transported as many times across the boundary by the owners. The collection of Cusmih1 duties on the Murray was discontinued in August, IH55,and the inhubi j tan'.s have now the satisfaction of knowing that I inn-much as Albury has never been proclaimed | a port w' ore duties may be paid, the collection | of co>{ouis in thi.> locality was quite illegal. I his ) is tin-opinion of a learned counsel, now a mem | li -r of the Government ; and til .- same authority j has eypressed a belief that the inouevs paid as | dutv to NJr Kelly can be recovered of hiin by actional law. Un the 1st of January, 1855, I the abol tion of the Customs was commemorate • : by a grand festival, and the discussion which i arose on the question—whether the event could 1 be-st be celebrated by roasting a bullock or by holding a ball ?—was the origin of those dissen sions which have unfortunately sprung up aiiiong-t our citizens. Popular feeling on this point ran so high that the enormous pudding, weighing five hundred pounds, was moked under the guardianship of armed sentinels, who relieved | each other night and day until the culinary pro cess was complete. Notwithstanding tlmse pre cautions, however, it is alleged that the anti bu d* ck roasters managed indirectly, by some means op other, to bring about the spoliation of tin* pudding, and it was served up in a burnt a ltd uneatable state. It will not be unnecessary for us to relate bow the bullock was pr< pared so long beforehand that fie had to be pitched into the Murray ; how a successor was triumphantly placed on the spit, and brought on the table in the teeth of a most determined opposition ; how the advocates of the ball reviled the bullock-roasters as " vulgar burbarians;" and how the partakers of the Rarmecidc feast retorted by denominating their opponents • stuck-up puppies.'" TlieS", and many^uther circumstances of the eventful occasion, arc matters of history, but they are so frequently alluded to around the do mestic hearthstone that they are " familiar in our mouths as household words," and their memory i- likely to be |>erpetuated. It would require the pen of old Diedrich Knickerbocker to do full justice to tire theme, and we will therefore relin quisli the attempt to record the particulars of the great Albury tV-s'ival A c< py of the bill of tare -•ill ivimvns posted as a memento over the door of Me-srs llibb, r^-n's establishment, und every now and then a feud, resembling in intensity those between the Guelphs and Ghibellines, bteaks out amongst us, and carries back our re collections to the days of the bullock-roast. 