THE CASTLEMAINE TOWN COUNCIL. Present : the Chairman, Messrs. M'MUlan, Smith, Hinds, Paynter, and Davis. The Clerk having read the minntes of the pre ceding meeting, which were confirmed. Mr. Patnter introduced the subject of the Castlemaine constabulary, and said that he con sidered the Government should be immediately applied to for the sum of £7.500 which had been voted to them. The Chairman said that he had received a communication from the Government assuring the Council that they were ready to pay the first moiety of the sum voted to the Council as soon a? the assessment was completed, and the Govern ment was assured that the object of the Munici pality was being carried out. The Chairman was then about to read the Ten ders from Contractors willing to remove the stumps in Barker's street when Mr. M'Millan requested that before the tenders were opened, the specification drawn up by the Town Surveyor for the removal of the stumps in other parts of the Town be read by the Clerk. The Clerk then read the specification. Dir. M'DIillax said according to the specifica tion at every twelve inches the ground was to be rammed and a layer of "stone be laid. He had wa ched the proceedings of the contractor, and he had not even seen any -stones at all. Dir. VV. Smith would set Dir. M'DIillan right. According to the specification the ground was to be rammed only every twelve inches, and a coating of stone be laid on the surface Dir. Paynter, with all due deference to the Town Surveyor, would say that the ground hadnot been rammed, in fact he had seen no ram mer. The men, who were removing the stumps, he had certainly seen stamping with their feet on the earth, hut he supposed that neither the"Sur- veyor nor the Contractor would denominate that ramming. He would wish to ask Mr. Poeppel whether the ground need be rammed at all. Dir. Hinds compared the specification to an Act of Parliament which a certain Irish agitator said that he could drive a coach and four through. He believed that with the exception of one or two stump3 which had been removed, the aperture caused by the said operation did not exceed twelve inches. Dir. W. Smith would move that the Council do proceed with business. If the contractor had not fulfilled his contract when he applied to the Council for the payment of 75 per cent On account of work completed, why then if he had not properly according to the specification fulfilled the contract, the Council could, and ought to refuse the pay ment of amr money After a short unreportable conversation, the Chairman read the various " Tenders." The amounts differed to an extraordinary degree vary ing from £750 to £-205. Dir. Hinds said that he was placed in a queer position. He did not know how to choose. Were the Council to make their choice as they had done before, and select the lowest tender ? He knew Dir. Campbell (one of the contractors who had tendered) and was sure he would fulfill the con tract to the satisfaction of all, he would move that Dir. Campbell's tender he accepted. The Chairman considered that, according to the advertisement which had appeared in the local journals, sureties ought to have been mentioned in the tender. There were only two contractors who had mentioned their sureties. Dir. Paynter did not consider that, according to the wording of the specification," contractors were bound to mention the names of their sureties in their tenders. If they had done so it would materially have influenced him in his decision. A hat was then placed on the table in the " odd man out" sort of style, and each councillor had written on a slip of paper the contractor whom they wished to be selected, and placed them in the said hat; the con tints were then shaken about, and it was finally, declared that Dir. Campbell was the contractor selected by the council. town-clerk. The Chairman said that he had received 14 ap plications for the office of Town-clerk, -and was preparing to open them, when Dir. Davis moved that the applications for -the office of Town-clerk be considered in committee. Dir. Hinds seconded the motion. Carried. Dir. DI'DIillan said that he for one would have the applications read up at once ; he did not like things carried on in the dark, underhand. Dir. Paynter rose to c-'ill Councillor M'DIillan to order, when Dir. DI'DIillan sat down, and the business of. the Council wot proceeded with. p03t-office. The Chairman read a reply from the Postmaster General stating that the removal of the po3t-office into the township should be considered . Mr. Davis would move than au answer, which he read, he sent to the Pustmaster-Gcneral, stating the opinion and the wishes of the Council on the subject. Dir. Paynter had great pleasure seconding the motion. He considered it high time that the people of Melbourne should be made aware of some of their wants, and not .put them off month after month. Carried. . - petition tor the removal of the rails bound tub old cemetery.! Mr. Davis said that he had been trusted with this petition. Ho had considered the matter thoughtfully the whole week, and the more he considered the matter, :the mor.- convinced was he of the delicate nature of the subject, and the deli cate manner in which it ought to be handled. He would move that the consideration of the petition be postponed for one month, in order that they might consult the feelings of the relations of those who were deposited there, and to enable them if they were so disposed, to remove the remains of their departed friends. Mr. AV. Smith moved, as an amendment, - that the removal of thfc rails be at once proceeded with. / Mr. Paynter would second the amendment. Th|st churchyard was inthe middle of a road ; the petition had been most respectably signed, and he thought out of justice to those individuals who had purchased allotments in that vicinity, the council ought to consider the petition. . Amendment carried. Dir. AY. Smith understood Councillor Davis tc move that the rails be pulled down round -the churchyard.' He would move that an advertise ment be inserted in the local journals, giving no tice to the relatives of those deposited there. ; Dir. Paynter seconded the motion. Dir. Hinds would wish to ask Councillor Smith or perhaps Councillor M'DIillan knew more about coffins and those sortof things, whether the ground was sanctified, or something that meant the same. Dir. M'DIillan " regretted to see the subject So lightly treated ; if any of the councillors had lost their wives and they were deposited in that earth, they would feekacutely" those kind of remarks. There was then a general conversation and hub bub; all the Council wishing to speak together, but what became of the motion we have not the ghost of an idea. petition for the removal or "stumps. Dir. Hinds said that he had been requested by the inhabitants of Barker-street to present this petition to the Council.- It was almost unneces sary for him to say a word upon the subject, the importance of which would — Dir. Paynter, under 15 sec., chap. 2, Bye-laws, called Councillor Hinds to order. Mr. Hinds said the petition was in the form of amotion, and neither Councillor Paynter, nor any one else should call him to order. Dir. Paynter : I again rise to call Councillor Hinds to order. Dir. Hind3 : It shall go as a notice of motion. Mr. Paynter was about to discuss the point, when — 'Mr. Hinds said he was very sorry, but he must call Councillor Paynter to order. K _ Dir. Paynter said he would bow to the decision of the chair. The Chairman ruled that Mr. Paynter was in order. Dir. Paynter said that under the 15 sec., chap. 2 of the Bye-laws, to-receive this petition would be to rescind a former motion. The Chairman said that the receiving this pe tition in the way Councillor Hinds wished to pre sent it to the Council appeared to him quite anta gonistic to their bye-laws. formation of mostyn-street. Mf. TV. Smith, with the leave of the Council, would postpone a motion, standing in his name, regarding the formation of DIostyn-street, for a frortnight Granted. cattle tabds. The Clerk having read the motion on this- subject, standing in Councillor Smith's name, — D'lr. Smith said that, with the permission of the Council, he would alter the extent of ground to be asked for to five acres instead of four. TVith regard to the slaughter yards, according to the calculations, the erection of them would cost about £392. He believed that a revenue to the Corpo- -ration of Melbourne of £3000 per annum was de rived from their slaughter yards, and he had no doubt that, a large revenue would be derived from the slaughter yards in Castlemaine. A plan, which had been drawn by- Dir. Poeppel, was exhibited. Dir. Paynter seconded the motion, which was carried. Dir. W. Smith moved that a committee of three be formed, for the carrying out of this object, he appointed, consisting of the Chairman, Councillor Davis, and himself. . Dir. Paynter seconded the motion, which was carried. Dir. W. Smith moved that the surveyor be in structed to draw out ail estimate for the erection of cattle yards capable of containing 200 or 250 head of cattle. the day of meeting. Dir. Paynter moved "That the day on which, the Council at present meet be altered." The day on which the Council now held their meetings was most inconvenient to him ; nevertheless, his con venience was not alone to be considered, still he would bow to any decision the Council might ar rive at. Mr. Davis seconded the motion. Mr. M'DIillan moved as an amendment, that the Council meet, as usual, on Tuesdays. Carried. Mr. Hinds, with the consent of the Council, would withdraw his motion concerning Aberdeen's Ford. The morning following that on which he gave notice of motion, business had taken him as far as this crossing place. Stepping stones had been placed across this formerly dangerous. .place, and Dir. Wilks, the road engineer, who he then saw, informed liim that the formation of the bridge was at once to be commenced. Dir. Paynter gave notice of motion " That the hour of meeting of the Council be altered from 6 o'clock to 3 o'clock, p.m." Dir. TY. Smith also gave notice of motion " That the Town Surveyor having been appointed two months, he should report what work be had per formed, and what work he had in hand." The Council was, then adjourned, and the Coun cil then met in committee, to consider the qualifi cations of the applicants for the town- clerkship, wh'.n Dir. Christophers was appointed. The elec tion, we believe, was confined to three gentlemen. Mr. Christophers obtained three votes ; the second gentleman two votes, and the third one vote. 