FRANCE AND ENGLAND IN THE EAST. >? PROSPECTS OF TURKEY. - (From the Daily Netts, September 20.) It is but too true that England and France aro no longer upon a great many points, even of Eastern politics, such good friends and harmonious allies as they were some time back. The Governments have not quité pulled together in the affairs of Italy, in which at one time England proved backward, and on an- other occasion France. The contemplation of what has taken place at Madrid is not tho ¡ same in Downing-street and at St. Cloud. But, what is more important, the respective govern- ments take different views of most of the questions which have arisen in the East. Lord Palmerston and Count Walewski differ, it is said, as widely as the commissioners on the spot respecting the tracing of the frontier line of Bessarabia. And the cabinets as .well as the ambassadors of the two powers differ from one another toto colo as * to the manner of dealing with the Principalities of the Danube. There may be nothing of hostility or aliena- tion in these several differences, which to a certain degree must arise- between independent countries ; and if' they arose, as in the case 'of Spain, for example, from England's necessarily taking more liberal views of European settle- ments, they would be but natural. But liberalism or illiberalism have little or nothing to do with the . actual differences of the countries. One cause of that difference" is that France is and has been, far more willing to conciliate Eussia and make sacrifices to her than England has been. AU must feel and admit that in the conferences of Paris a great deal more than was necessary was ceded to Russia. No statesman thinks that it would have been impossible to undo that article of past treaties which added Bessarabia to Russia, or that she might not have been prevented from rearing again the fortifications of Anapa. Perhaps we should not regret these concessions, made in a generous spirit, were they received with anything like corresponding sentiments on the part of Russia. But the affair of the Isle of Serpents is not yet con- cluded, and several other circumstances fully evinced that Russia by no means waived the inveterate feelings which war has too naturally engendered. With such an adversary to be generous and conciliatory is to be weak. Such is the opinion of England, but such is not the opinion of France. It is sincerely to be hoped that the divergence may proceed no further, and that our cabinet may avoid future reproval for having been too obsequious at one period, and too obstinate and self-willed at another. There exists, however, a fundamental dis- tinction between the way in which English governments regard the East and the view taken by the French, which must on most questions relating to that region lead to differ- ences. The English believe in the vitality of Turkey, and the maintenance of the Turkish assendancy and the Turkish empire ; whereas a total disbelief and despair of the regeneration of any Mussulman power, forms the under-current of every French politician's thoughts. The late war was indeed undertaken with views apparently the reverse of this. The main ten- \ ance of the Turkish Empire became the French as well as the British banner ; and solemn engagements were entered into to defend and to respect it. . These France is prepared hon- ourably to execute ; but she cannot at the same time shut out the belief from her mind, that the day is to come when Turkish ascendancy must cease or be broken. And consequent upon thi3 belief is the necessity of providing for that contingency. However sincerely and disinterestedly France may lend a hand to Turkey, in defending it from foreign invasion or internal turbulence, there is still a reserva- tion for the future. And the day in which it should be proved that Turkey could not carry on its government efficiently, or command of itself the obedience of the Christian races, France wpuld be prepared to see that no other power should derive greater profit and aggrandisement than herself from the cataclysm. The most serious reflection that here sug- gests itself is,' that Russia entertains opinions and fears completely identical with those of France, and that consequently an agreement and alliance between those powers will, in future times, when the influences of the wai' have ceased) be facile and indeed natural. On whom in such a contingency should we have to' rely ? Germany, were it really Germany, would be to us a natural ally. But Germany as it is, with Prussia as the mere satellite of Russia, and Austria aiming at extending em- pire and influence beyond Germany, offers no security or alliance. In any dismemberment of Turkey there is always a prize which Austria could not refuse. The Sultan, therefore, we believe, has no staunch -or reliable ally in Europe save Eng- land. And. when we hear of French or Austrian counsels predominating at. Con- stantinople, we .cannot easily conceive such mismanagement on our own part, or such fatuity upon that of the Turks. The latter; when questioned on the subject, excuse them- selves by the reply, that .the English have no administration of the provinces, no system, and no school where a system could be learned. The English aro a freo people, governing them- selves without tho intervention of public functionaries-a state of things utterly inappli- cable to Turkey, where for many a day, nay, where for many a century, administration will be everything. Turkey cannot for a long time be anything other than an enlightened despotism. And France is the best school for acquiring the spirit and learning the minutire of that system of government. We have always been wondering how it was that Egypt, under enlightened and active rulers, was always more under French influence than English, though the trade and the transit, and the power and wealth of the latter were so superior. But the fact was and is, that a reforming and active Pacha, just as a reform- ing and active Sultan can look to France alone for lessons and for the example of ad- ministration. For we have in England no habits, or ideas, or institutions that« suit the East. How far this may have contributed to our long misgovernment and mismanagement of India we leave to. other times and pens, to ! explain, And we believe* this same; différence between France and England must account for that- inaptness for colonization which the former country has shown. Over administra- tion may suit the worn- out countries of Europe, but young states can only thrive by the free exercise of their own limbs, faculties, and wills. . The question remains, will the Sultan succeed in introducing a good system of enlightened despotism into Turkey ? The first foundation of that system is the army. And the Turks are, it seems, making immense efforts to put their army on a good footing and render it efficient. The use- lessness of now keeping up a large fleet, enables them to concentrate their expenses upon the army, for which they have certainly culled from all Europe the ablest instructors and disciplinarians. They have English, French, and. Polish military pachas. They enforce conscription with more regularity every day, and no. doubt a sufficient army of soldiers can be raised from the Mussulman population. A greater difficulty is the officers, because an officer of rank in Turkey must of necessity be a governor as well as a commander. The Tanzimat enjoins the separation of civil and military authority. But in. the provinces of I Turkey peace, order, security, and progress I 'must.depend on the commander of the troops, who, if a mere soldier, is unfit for the delicate i function of administration. As to the complete execution of the Tanzi mat, the equality of civil and military authori- ties, the collection of the revenue by officers, and officers peculiarly devoted to it, the rigid equality of Greek and Turk, so that the former may fill all offices and exercise all commands at once-all feel this to be impossible. But if the -word reform be replaced by that of pro- gress, and if a determitation to work the eman- cipation of the rayahs by degrees be acceped as a sufficient stamp of liberalism, then all Turks are liberals. . The old Turk party, like our own old tory party, has given up the ghost. Mehe met Ali professes to be as anxious to reform abuses as Beschid Pacha himself. And the, two parties in the Divan, like those at St. Ste-' phcn's, are only at war about details, about op- portunities^ and about the rate of advance, not the necessity of it. Will they succeed ? It is a question, not of legislation or of policy, but of men. If the Sultan can find capable men to carry out in the different departments of the state and pro- vinces of the empire the reforms that are necessary, he will succeed. But. the difficulty of enlightened despotism anywhere is to have tho right man at the head, with right men at his disposal.- Without this, a system, though drawn out by celestial wisdom upon paper will prove of no avail in practice. Such is the position, such are the hopes of Turkey, with regard to its domestic stability and its relations with surrounding powers. The management and conciliation of the sub- ject Christian races do not present insurmount- able difficulties, if pursued wiih temper and with talent. 