DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. MFT noun VF HosriT it-Return of patient» foi the week enuing Januaiy ')th 185G -No of indoon, 180 No of out doois 60 total number of patients 23G Physician foi th* eiiBuing week Vi Motheiwell stugcon Mi Gillbce Ni,w YrAnsDvY SÍBMON-Hie discouioe adthessed to his coni legation on the hist ¡sunday of 1850 by the Rev Dr Canns has been published in accoidancewith special io quest. '1 he fiibt pait of the discourse coat tins exhoitations suitable to the season In the conclusion the Rev Di refeis to the tleath of Vir Chulés Hotham and m a vciy eloquent passage describe*, the chnractei of oin deceased Governor the difficulties of his position ani tin earnest dcsne to promote the welfaio of the eolony b} which he was actuated I hough flic wisdom of habitually intiolucinL, politic-, into the pulpit ina} beqiestioued we aie sure Hint all will ncl nowie elge that the sudden death of Sn Chmles Hotham was nn evont win li caucel foi notice on the patt of the clugjmen of the colon} anti those who leal Di Canns ^seimon will admit that lie lins foinied a canch I and disci i mm Hing estimate of thocliaincteiof otu IateOoveiuor mel that his estimate is cvpicsscd in lan^u i-,e fyll of good feeling and tnte eloquence in language such nsw ill find an echo ni the bents of the colonists Miss CATÍIHUNI-. IlAVts-We see b} oin ldveitising columns that a movement his 1 con set oii foot having foi its object thei ns rofe, ot biibst upturns foi the picsentation of a testimonial of respect and esteem to Miss Cn the une Hayes who is just on the eve of t iking bei depnituie fiom the eolonj We tinst that the movement maj ' e ^ successful HU as apait fiom hci gicat talents in the sphere of hei piofcssion Miss Ha} cs possess a othei c1 urns on the lcspcctandiulmii ition of all who know hoi Miss Haves is an orna mtnt lo the piolession she follows-hot quiet lad} like deportment in public and in private lins f,iven bei a very high place in the estima tion of the public of this colony nut her ex imple will long íemain to bo the stmdaid h} which the public of A letona will judge those mempeis ot hpj piofcssion who .ne destined to visit us in futuie years Oin best wishes attend Miss Hayes wherever she goes and we can assure her that she will long be remembered in this colony vv ith sincere lespect while hei name will al wa} s be grite fully leraembeied as the first who conceit c I the idea and cained out the pioject of esta llishing the grand opera m Victoria CRICKET - A match will be played to mor- row the 12th inst., on the ground in the Rich mond Paddock between the Melbourne Club and the players of the 40th Regiment A good game is anticipated and the band of the regiment will be in attendance m the course of the afternoon. NFW SOUTH WALES V VicrowA -We hear on f,ood authouty that wo may shoitlves peet to witness a contest of no oidmai} inte icst to the lovcis of cucket in Austiaha -no less a one than between the colonies of Victo ii i mid New South Wales 'Iho details have f-till to be aiian^cd but norn all we can ¡.athel on the subject, tillie seems no doubt of the earnest wish of eaeh eolony to cntei into amicable avail} for tlio pre eminence m this noble game We would suggest that gro it onie be used in the selection of the eleven to pi i} on this occasion and we would uic,c on cv ei v club in the colony to folget all petty riv iilucs and jealousies in the one endeavoi to select the vciy best eleven men that can b found We hem that a meeting is to take pi ie J amongst the seciétants of the vauous local clubs to detumine on the best ariangeineuti foi carr}mt, out this match lhe Sydney men aie spoken of as very formidable, and as the etiength of our own colony, when propcrl} oifeauibed is undoubted we mav look for a most e\iitin" contest Sroii-N HoBsts- Yesteidays Police Ga zeitc contains a description ot tho brands of flfty cif,ht boise» which havo been stolon from their rightful owneis within the pist foitnifeht Inn WEAJIIBR BcMiioo-lhat mythical individual the oldest inhabitant does not icmcmber such a summer as this on Bendigo lhe weither has h nelly evci assumed a stttled aspect for thice days together and the toll of rain has been remarkable Saturday »is a be lutifully fine day Sunday morning vins fine lut Mil ti}, and va. the afternoon the ¡-kj biaduall} became overspread with clouds At sunset the aspect of the sk} brightened up nd gave deceitful indications of a continu met About midnight a low showers of ram Jell towards morning the} me reused, and ihioughont yesterdov thej were almost in iisgant Lust nifcht rain continued to fail 'I hcie has been no thunda e i lightning and \i ly little wind -Adierfacr, btJi inst. 6 vi-Weare tcattestcd to mention tint the director of the Uns Compnnv have detei mined to lifcht tlie ornamental devices in Collins street foi hev ei ti nichts longer until i eleven o clock, euch night DisciiAiteiEO PnibONEit? -Four men, named Thomas Lai ey John Holm s Jamc3 Wil hams (linn John Ransom and William Brises the lolic GaMlc icpoits have been dig charDed fiom the pcual department within the ptst week , __ Hinrseiiiti uuir -Fiom the Police Ga-ctt*. -On the nibht of the 4th mst the shop of J M liinc,e chemist, Brunsvi tck stieet Ool lmgwood was feloniously entcicd by means of skeleton kejs and an non ein st contain mg cash book and daj book of the said J Jf Binge and an -igi cement stolen sundiy othei ai tides' were stolen at the same time fiom said shop Infoimatron to the Dotec tive Office-On the 4th mst the house of John lolloek neal the eoiuei of Johnston ind nicholson stiects Collingwood wai feloniouslj euteiedbj the back door, and the ¡followiiio inope i tv stolen An electroplated 1 bilvci vi ateh double case plating worn off outside i small gold geneva watch, a black nbbon and common watch 1 ey attached to i ach of the fe tul vv atches and about twenty shillHifen m silver Infoimation to the Detcc tiieOltice Melbourne SHOCKING SUICIDE AT SANDRIDGE. -A mam whose name is supposed to have been Paul M'Sweenev Smith cut his throat with a razor in a lodging house at Sandridge, at noon on Wednesday. The unfortunate man arrived in the colony by the Pacific steamer and about a fortnight ago his manner evinced great distress of mind. At this time he in- formed a friend of his at Sandridge that he had been unsuccessful and did not like the colony. An inquest was held on the body yesterday before Dr. Wilmot city coroner, at which Louis Victor a servant in the house, deposed that about twelve o'clock on Wed- nesday deceased came to him and asked him for a razor to shave with. He got him one and placed it on his bedroom table. About twenty minutes after he returned for the razor when he saw deceased lying on the bed, and saw a quantity of blood on the floor and told his master that deceased had cut his throat. A constable who searchcd the body after life was extinct found a pocketbook, containing testimoniáis and letters addressed to Paul M'Sweeney Smith This appeared to have been the only clue to deceased's name. The jury returned a verdict of " Cut his throat whilst in a state of temporary insanity. CASE OF b-ruiBLNG -Ycstcidnj s Police Ga zette reports that a warrant has been issued against a m m named Jacomo- for stab bing one William Adams on or about midnight of tlie 25th ultimo at Kangaio» riat fiom the effects of which he has since died Jacomo-is an Italian by birth, bpeakb a little li euch has mates at the Avoca and is believed to have gone there rIvio mon named Leono Maici and Luo-ji I ednth are in custody at Amherst for tile above crime but Jacomo- who Is be licvctl to be the piincipil evtded dotectioti Infoimation to the Inspector of Police Carn» brook ANOTHER DEATH FROM DRUNKENNESS.--A man named Charles Appleton, thirty years of age, in the employment of Mr. John Broad of the Greyhound Hotel, St Kilda, died yes- terday morning in the lockup-house at St. Kilda. The deceased man it appeared was much addicted to drink and was given into the custody of the police for being drunk and as being a lunatic on the previous evening. He was admitted into the watchhouse late In the evening, evidently suffering from delirium tremens ; and at seven o clock in the morning as he appeared to be dying, a medical man was sent for who found the deceased vomit- ing, and suffering from muscular exhaustion. Opium was administered, but without per- manent avail ; and before he could be removed to the hospital after becoming very violent, the unfortunate man breathed his last. A verdict of " Died from exhaustion, the result of intemperance," was returned. Munin ttoiH Ass mr r-The Police Ga'li' ofycbteiduv announces that on the night of the Sid instant one Daniel Bouchei assaulte I Hams Deehatt at Steielit/ diggings, by cut ting linn vi ith in a i/e fiom the effects ol which his life is ni danmor Boucher IB sup posed to have t,one to 13 illmirat ni compatir with hisbrothci JohnBouch i Infoimation to the detectiv t police Ballam it ROBBERY FROM THE PERSON.—Stolen from the person of John Eaton, at Sandridge, on the 1st instant, a massive gold ring, carved, with nugget on the top, and a signet-ring, pick and shovel engraved on each side. Five pounds reward offered by the said John Eaton on recovery of the rings. Information to the Detective Office Melbourne.—Stolen on the morning of the 4th inst., from the person of Godlett Thill, while standing near the West- ern Market, Melbourne, a red silk handker- chief, with £14 in silver, two or three sove- reigns, and two or three £1 notes placed therein. Information to the Detective Office, Melbourne.—Police Gazette. lKicAvntT 5th lanuaij 186G -Business niatteih as ib usual at this bcason, have bee« verj tiuict and the land sales have beca Uu pnncipnl attraction foi oui moneyed rael» dmint, tho week several of your townsmen have albo leen up heio investing in oui inland mctiopolib Hie amount of the foui days bale is ¿115b which augurs well foi oin future piofeiebs ts ill tlie lota sold aie within the tow nship boiindiuj and manj have been . ngcilv ptuciuibctl bi old mincis and mecha nies who intend scttlm0 down and building comfortable cottn-,cs whence if necessary, they can laehutc an li oin n centre, to all the new rushes It is giutitong to ohseive th» pio{,icss uf ihisb] mt olÄ-ttluneat, and tin» coiibciiueiie s uti n jL beÄifelt by jour com munitj tis it .i ill lend ttfstcady tiade 1 he tceounts fie ni oin uaiieuUural dislucts ol 1 urruiubcct utitl Uo»ihn0 Pfbiest memo ten couiagin«, ila tiennent and nbuncl mt i tiiw have induced imobtluxuiiantvc0etatiou an! cxieuenccd fumein fiom themothei- couutiy declare that thej never baw such eiops th^te as aie now to be ecu in those ncighboihootls), more esneciallj wheie the ground was utidei cultivation hist yeai Ihe Bauabools and Colac had bettei look to then lauiels Biu l-umbe et Lake is now frequently visit I bv our holiday excursionists it is about t a ¡tuiles, from this, and from the beautiful ¡\nJ varied sccnciy uound and the inctnisicV eh wins which a lake will ulvvajb poBoc-s-, in this countiy is well worthy of a visit A township his leen formed on its banks, of which nn hotel is now the nucleus rlhe \agalles and inconsistent decision ot our Stipendiary Magistrate, Capta m Vier nollcs have at lobt provoked the local pies» to speak out md demand hib dismissal It appears that a man named i rancia ii ts charged with stealing a IIOIMO but which having died m the interv ii was considered hy the mafeiHtiutc to be eeimvaent to a ta'nd* ram, foi he dismissed the case statin«, that Tiancis mi«,ht tis well have been chaigctl with murdering a ghost HibCOcksDis gmgs promise to be a told lu Iel foi the «um mer Shepherding promises to be a kuottr question lor tlio Local Courts - Con etyowf nt oj Geelong A lvcrluer KLJUNDLII CVSES AT mi Cm Pouui. Goum-On Wednesday Ihomas II ninan chu ted with »violent assault upon another mau was remanded till r riday (this day) - V llhain Bastei ah is William Williams, on suspicion of laieenj w is remanded till Satur dav Dtvrli FROM mt Birt ot A SHAK» - OJ Saturelny luit a man in the emploj of Mr i I<5 an whilst te ij)tn" was bitten m the log bv aciipetsnalc The pait was immediately cut out and the pttient hi ought into town when he was put under the care of Dr-j Um Bell md Jeun j n and it was hoped the (lauget waa over but about eleven o clock at ui_ht the sjmptoiu» of the venom began to devolof» themselves mil he dieel t te next daj ti bout noon -B Ifast I, i tu 5th in t 'IHE Lui, Govcimoa-On the leceipt of the sud intelligence of the death of Su Chartes Hotham the line,* at the si"nal -Hists «nel ol the vessels m tin buys were hoisted half man* high -JJCIJ ist 0 i elie Ronntttv vNi) CAiTirrtfc-A party of dlir gore at the three mile had lately taken mt» nartnciblup a new chum from Melbourne and had gone to the ni vv rush at the Gap on a prospectine, exi ursion leaving him ia chary» of their tont Diulna tin ir absence the mun Ixlted with about twenty ounces of ¿old and lingue s the puvutc property of one of hi* mates and infoimation was given to tho pc» lice It was ascertained j csterday that a par tion ol the gold had been solel to Hutu Biown au I Monk a,nd a clue was thus ob tamed to lil» where ibouts which lead to hu capture the sime afternoon- Oveni anti 9fn ray Ailicrltsfi MMÏ lUrti-On luiiuy list this lalir ?**& th£ 'P'11 of tue digging« aceompauíel fcy Mr Mollison and Dr Boche bhe visited Wr I lesoi k machine, und ti* chum or t te» Mcasn, Ballerstcdt which she inspected and from whence she took several bi>eciuierw fehe tht n went to the puddling machine of Meiers Hovvurd and Brennan, m Lone, OulU wheie she wusucd out a dishful of stull After this unparalloldd exertion she entere! tli teat, and took wine with then wives &h; . «so went to '-j tlénliam Park Cmrdens ami ip»oa At the hitter place she visited th» \ auaiter« of Jiietitenant Burton whoprc-rieiitcct hw--with on eiau ataa-iÄnnfte»» AJbtttom, wbiost. MAIHTKNANCE.-Adolphine Malliseli -,11a toionecl her hubband, Chas. A. F. V. MallLch. before the City Couit on Wednesday, tu show causewhyheshoulduotccasotomolcsthot The .parties aie Germans, ami the case came on ai one for maintenance : but, in reality, the wife, some foi ty years younger than her liege lord, "wanted to be quit of bel' consort, who,' how- ever, did not want to part with hei. 'She de- clared she would not live with him again, for .*' Mny.nudDecember could never agree," and Udl übe wanted of him was to leave Tier alone, and not follow after her, She hdd got ai ie L t,pectalilc situation at St. "Kilda,1 dnd could maintain herself if not lnínted1 and persecuted . hy her old image of a husband: . The' Mav-01 'paid that the Bench could not compel the .' « omplaiutmt to live .with her husband ; but , ¡is it appeared that she refused,to live with . /him,and tobe maiutaineebby him, the lîench ' .would make no order foi- maintenance on tlte> . defendant, anel the case1 must be dismissed. " ' . QUARTZ-MINERS' ASSOCIATION.-A meeting of the Australian Quartz-Miners' Association ..ivvos held at the Bendigo Hotel >on Thursday >*.,evening last, when but few members were present. . Mr. Ensoi't occupied the chair.' Tile ; main business done-was lequesting the secre- tary to furnish tlie.rloeal<paperswitli c-ypiei rof the foundation* aud\ Hiles of this society« asking thiit tlieeditbrstwould give them ¡ti i-cition in their commas,'lind otherwise,co- operate with them imcarrying out the ob- jects of this association :'iand appointing .1 deputation to ascertain if IMr. Panton icould . sdlow the society the use of any Orovcrnitteut '. buildiug, in which meetings could.be held bv tile committee, and specimens deposited, .After some desultory ¡conversation the -meet. .1 ing senaiated, having agreed Ithat .a general 1 committee meeting should'be convened hy i.ndveitiseuient for "eighti-o'clock ow Monday 0evening next.-Adver(i»cr, ¿thinst. f ', VAURAXOY.-Hugh pain-was brought before the Mayor ou Wednesdaj'i' andwassent to gaol , for three months a$,a vagrant.-Henry G-arrotl, '1..for- an impudent case of mendicancy, accota s, iianicd by astrongsuspiclon of dishonest inten- tions, was' sent to gaol for fourteen davs, to be occupied in htud labor. The prisoner was sa 1, liiupruilent as to select the Inspector-öeiieial of Ponai Establishments for the subject of his experiment. 1 . ^\\.-. ' .. ?: , DKAYMEN AT FAUM,-Atitktí'jjjlty Police Court on Wednesday Edmund Pierce was until twenty shillings for having Juden, drunk while . in ' charge of his horse and dray.-Norman 1 jM-'Ncilf, chin 4i ii with leaving his horse and dray to take- care of themselves, 3ave-somn .' satisfaetoiy explanation of the circumstances, and »l'as discharged ; without any fine being inflicted. ' 1 i; ! . m n , STIIUKT Fiini'-i'iNci.-T-John Davis anel Ocoi¡;e . Hickeiing were ollargcd.aivthc City Court oin >? Wednesday vi ith having '-been found fighting und creating a disturljanccin'the streets. D,tv fj > pleaded,guilty nnd,wnsifined 20s. Hickerlnu . wiid tin- otltor man was the assailant, and as . 'Hickeiing appealed to hove'had groatly the worst of the combatJ he whs discharged with 5 out fine.! .>-,., ~ I v t.;,1,0 , '.. t'.-'CiiAitGE_oi''R9iiUBiiri-t:Jainese.Warrea WAH HI «i ven into the custody.' of the.police on Wed "'nesday evcning.-bjf a man named Hayley, on iii chaige of stealing two £5 notes from him. , JVhcn .the case'.vyas icalledton: at), the Oitv Couit yesterday the piosccutor diel not an , . iicat'i and as-nt) such) money as was alleged to have been stolen, was-found on Wairen on ' his apprehension! hof wns- disoliaiçcd. ' DiS'iititiT CouitT.-rThe' following petHous ? were brought before the District Cjurt on Wed . . jicsday, and vvcre tims disposed of:-Janies 1 jMiiiphy, for having Jieen drunk and trouble , home to the police, was fined 40s.-John j-Mathewson, chargée} -with a serious assault v upon a Chinama'n, wüs' discharged, in coase etueuce of the Chinaman hot being in attend , a nee to prosecute.-William Kellett, on le ,inand upon a charge of, ,bignmy, was furthei acnianded until Saturday, for the production of Auna Haverty, ajwitness. A warrant was ! .ordered to issue to compel the attendance of the latter.- William Nolan, a party who had been in custody under suspicion that he was the John Sumpter Coleman charged with the murder of Mr. Young, was brought up. Mounted Trooper. Adam Patrick stated that the prisoner was certainly not John Sumpter Coleman, with "whose face and person he (Patrick) was well acquainted. Nolan was therefore discharged from custody. \- DISOUDKRT.Y.-J ames Anderson was biouiçht ' tip at the City Court on Wednesday, charged .with having buoii'drunk, and with having as t-aulledconstableBalmcrnnd tom his uniform. .It appealed that. Anderson was beating hu wife, when the constable interfoicd to protect the »vornan. Anelcrsou turned upon the cou- ntable, »vho very promptly nnc&te-d; bim, when 1 wo neighbors, David Miller and Ebeiuwiei "Wylie/interfered'to prevent Audci.son fiom Lemg taken. A general scrimmage- ensued, \- in which BalmCr would' have been worste-d hut for the timely reinforcement of anothei ' « onBtahlc, by whose ¡ifsistanco the- whole three weie captured and consigned to diuauce .vile. Anderdon-Avab lined 10s. for duttikeii .tic&s;, ? and '20s. for the damage done to the ' constable's coat. .Miller and Wylie were fined 'dûs. fach for interfering with the constable, ' iind in default ol' payment to have seven days' imprisonment, t íáiNOCí, VII FAOT.-We have liutl cumuiual . fitted to us a fact' in natural history, which . may be stai tling- at first sight. Mr. Mathew- son, surveyor, sent home to Scothtnel three mosquitoes which hu stiuck motionless by hand, glued them inside of an em elope- and posted in May. He received an niusivoi from his ft ieuds, tlio date ol' the- letter being 2nd ¡September last, in which it is stateel " One ot the mosquitoes is now flying al >out the diuiug 100m, the other two lcmain as j ou fastened them." So the live one had lemaineel ia j. fctateof suspended animation foi.upwnids of four months; and we venture to say i» the only Australian one flying in tin- band o' Cukes.-1'ortlaml Gwndtan. JUVENILE FESTIVAL.-The Cliuii-h of Eng- land School feast was held on Bl outlay last, ut. Mr. Curtis'«!, plcnsuic-grounds. At two o'clock the children started fiom the nchoul playground In procession, with flags flying, headed by a baud of music. On au ¡vine; at the giound the.v disposed themselves to .spurt, . and swinging,'dancing, eiiekethtg &c;, »veu- ille order of the,'day, until tea made its .tp , pearunec, when buns, cakes, nuts, laisins, ike., 1, were frcclyjlibtributed, and rapidly disposed of. After tea w psalm tune, the Old Huneliedth, wns.sung by the children, with vei y pleasing effect. Tile- children returned in the same (líder as they went. Three cheer.-- were given, , iiud they separated, well pleased with theil ', pic-nic. A number'of ladies were prewitt on the occasion, and contributed much to the i-iitortainmcnt.i. Captain Harrison kindly tontributed, the use of his flags, which added much to the gaiety of the -occasion.-1'orthwl ? 1,0'iiardiun, 3rilinst. THE WfiATiiKp. AND CHOP».-The weather of late has been so unlike what is uc't dly experienced at,this season of the yt-.ei in ,. Australia, that., it deserves notice. During the past, wcok,;in immense 'quantity of tain -..han fallen« Und the. roads have been almost impassable. 1/,o all appearance, however, tlie jain and colil winds have ceased, and we may r 1 now look forward' to hot weather. The . coming year may well he termed the yetti of plenty in Australia: for, in common with u father colonies,, there is every pmmise of a most piolific harvest in Victoria, and ia this .(district more especially the 'fanners look forward to the, coining harvest willi great expectations. Last week's mini- vvill do the .latecrops a great deal of good,"anil tlieie 1. ¡not that fear entertained of them which was .felt sume time ago,'when the weathei set ia fso pienintiirely hot. The quantity ot ¿and iii i ultivatiou in this distliet this yein is most astonishing,-in fact, people at ¡1 distance. who know nothing of this splendid tioct of land, and those townsmen who havv no time ,to travel, would scarcely creelit the- number of Juoad acres of former forest land now minis- tering to the necessities of mau. Tin- nie.igie I ofltciul returns'of the land in cultivation çu-e hut ajioor iden of what is actually imivvn ¡11 . tliis locality, but during the succeeding year wc hope to be able to present tti our u-iieleis .1 table, of the quantity 'of pioihtce txpoited, and «of the grain ¿ion 11 el in the district, and iliusbhow to the world'the immense im («or-; lance these poordespised'locnlities ni c elestined . lo be to the empiio of Victoria. M m li its the ' ; district has been injuree!, anel will tor years Le injured, by the defective land rcillatiun-, 1 of the colony, and the consequent tidvuiitaçi' which has boen taken of such regulations hy the moneyed man .and the- speculate!, >et, despite all these elrinvbacks, every .vein .nl.l-i to our, po])ulationt and ' every .siiictediiu fccason to the.rjuantily of lund in cultivation, independent.!of tht' hi'althy iijipeaiautc of theciops, we,never suvv-the country look it» ; .wull,.und the feed so abundniit. ' ^ifiie our . Hist Arrival in this district, in 1847,'vvc never noticed snell splendid' feed as H cveryivheie tobe seen in the vicinity tif Lake Wiiiiiionm.. . 'I'he grass is su long thut hundreds- Qf tons of "hay could be mowed; rind the cattle feeding .atout ate- absolutely lolling in tar. Weare ' informed that avery other portion oi the; dis .-vtilctsih in, the; Millie1 beautiful -tind piulido' eVoiidition.- , Some rof mir butcher» «lifinlil 'jd'ollow the. old English custom at this ^.j.-isim, ?.iiiid iisni!ii~ir-tlii'ir"Vustom<'i-s with an i-vlii . 'l'i'ir>¡i->M' l'r.m . "livef, u« w^'«ve'v->iiié sum; i.rr..'i iKrii'iiJtl/tîoM he lound til tri cm i-tj vtti't '?' ' ... --t.'i M.di-li'd o-vi-n «.?' 1., .ii'i.it I'l'll'li,- Wiü-rl.miilú.'. /:'.t,)>iiii"v, Jail.!2od. ADiu'EATKn MILKMAN.-M nrgaiet Kj-an, a irspectiible-looking girl, About lu jems of a-jo, _ wab charged at tlio City Couit ycbterilay with imliezi'.ling £8 from Michael Ryan, a milk- man. The gill, it appeared, had been under tin agreement to sei ve the complainant as a milk-deliverer, and had found him, although lttr relative, an exacting and inflexible mas- ter. In order to make her accounts appear fcntisfactory to her employer the gill had on tcrcd accounts in a bohle of miTk which she had not disposed of, and the eomplainant t TI ow charged lier vi ith embezzling these sums, ' although there ivas no proof that she ever re- ceived them, nnd she positively denied ever having received them. The pooi girl and her sister made doleful complaints, accompa- nied with many sobs and tears, of the harsh conduct of the complainant, \vho, much to their surprise, stated that 4s. only was due to the accused girl for a long series of services. 'I he Bench dismissed the case. ' COLLINGWOOD Niiiannpus.-William Hol- land, Ann Holland his wife, and Thomas French, a step-soiv, weie summoned at the City Court yesteidity, by Alexander llough liead, for having committed a ftilious assault on1 him. The paities, it appealed, were neighbors,, and resided in houses in the ' rame TOW, nt the corner, of Gcntrudc and FitzKoy streets. Chaises anti countercharges of drunkenness nnd -vile epithets appear to have been oxchanged between the parties, und a regular melee 'resulted. Roughhead swore that the wornnn"seized him and com- menced beating him? when the husband lushed out and Btrtick himJvvith a hammer which he held iii his han'el, and the step- son beat hiin about his legs and feet with a jiair of tongs. He was so much injured as to te obliged to call in the assistance of Dr. Itidley. A gieat deal of this violence wa? denied, and the cause charged upon the com- plainant and his wife, tho^lattei whom a wit- ness stated to bo a vciy disordeily character, il'he Bench inflicted ti penalty of 40s., with áOs. costs. *.,",, AN UNNATUHAI, M.OTIIEJI!-A well-known' prostitute, unined Polly Ty nell, who has frequently beon biought be-feuc the Police Couit on various chaiges of petty luiccny and dissipated conduct, was charged at the City Couit yesteiday vvitli 'dt-sei'ting her infant chile!. In order to enable'hei to pursue'her .vicious career uninterrupted, ,the prisoner, it «ppearcd, hud handed ovei hei unfortunate child to the care of anothci woman,'but pince having done so sim had altogether neg- lected to supply'mcans for its Mipport. The -nurse made an application on Wc Inesday to Mr. Sturt, in his private room, and showed liim thq,child, which was a poor, puny, weakly thing ; and Mr. Sturt ordered a wnrl-ant to issuo for the apprehension of the mother, ?which was acdordingly ¿accomplished. The Bench told the prisoner that there was evory probability of tho child being dead bj' that time,-and if to, she won Id certainly be charged with its mm der; tliat this was one of the most brutal and unnatural cnsçs which* over' .came under their'notice. " The prisoner was i omanded till this morning. -, HELPING HEitsBLr.-Jane Sutherland was charged at the City" Couit yesterday with helping herself to quantities of gin and rum from the taps in the'1 har of the Victoria Hotel, kept by Mr. Crowie. The complainant ?stated that whilst' his back was tui nee!, .Pfl the previous day, the prisoner took the op- portunity to go behind the bar nnd indulgo au nobblers. The prisoner plondod drunken- ness, and the Bench ,let her off with the in- fliction of a 20s. penalty.' DISTEICT CouRT.-4The following business ?was transacted at this court yesterday: Geoige Prow, found on Mi. Burnley's pre- mises at Richmond, unable lo give any satis- factory account of himself, wns sentenced as si vagrant to one month's iinpiisoniucnt, with liard labor-Four men, apprehended on sus- picion of being lunawaj" seamen, were re- manded to Williamstown Police Office. James Miller, apprehended by Dett-ctivc Wil- liams, on suspicion" of having niuideictl ii ?woman, nnmo unknown, at the Back Crook, »bout tlnee yeal s ago, was remanded until this day for the attendance of tlie Inspector General of 'Penal Establishments.-Thomas Billon, biought up on vvnnant foi boating liit wife, was ordored to find bail to keep tin; peace towards his spouse. CHARGE OF DESERTING A WIFE.- Daniel Richardson, apprehended on wairant, was chaiged at the City Court yestoitkiy with hav- ing deseited his wife, Julia Richardson, au elderly woman of most unpn possessing ap Íiearanco. The wife stated that hei husband ocked her out of his house on New Yeal's Day, and refused her a maintenance. The case of theprisoner, conducted by Mr. Cookman, was - that the wife, contiary to his consent, hal heen cairying on,a correspondence with a Mr. Jeremiah Cox, a butcher at Mount Blackwood, for the past three month«, and a letter was produced, signed by that gentleman, atldresse 1 lo the wife as his "dcaiebt chilling Julia," an I appointing a plaGe of meeting. This appoint- ment it appeared the complainant obeyed, as she proceeded to. Blackwood, leaving her fa- mily and husband- behind. She eventually leturned, and commenced to remove the fut niture fiom the; house, which the husbanl opposed, and hence tho.piusent e-haige, Tlio prisoner said he had novel lefttsed to main- tain his family and to allow his wife- a main- tenance, but after what hud happened he could not live with her again. The Bench dismissed the charge, on the undeistanding that tho matter would be made up between the parties. 