%, 0oitc front tbc Chi). BY J. INWARDS. IN a small town, in tlic North of Eng land, I was invited, by a temperance friend, to accompany him to the parish church. We found it situated in a lonely spot, surrounded by trees, beneath whose abundant foliage we were sheltered from the powerful heat of a summer's sun. In the midst of this garden of the dead serious thoughts engaged the mind, and every tomb stone pointing to its grave, said, " This is the house appointed for all living." While in the midst of these tabernacles of death, all nature teemed with life,-the green grass and wild flowers grew over the graves, and the birds filled the air with gladsome praise;-there wre read the names of many who have finished their pilgrim age here. How solemn and mysterious is death ! It is the offspring of sin, the child of disobedience,-the Omega of time,-the Alpha of eternity. To the good man, it is the end of trouble, and the beginning of immortal joy. Although they were all strangers, we could tell by their various ages, that death is "no respecter of persons." For there lies the tender child, and the man of three-score years and ten. In yonder grave is a young man, who died at the age of twenty, of a linger ing consumption; and by his side a sister sleeps, who fell by the same disease. Oh, Death ! what hast thou done ? Before these fell a prey to thy grasping power, how many fond hearts were ready to break, how many floods of grief did almost overwhelm the souls of those who loved them here, and who felt, even in thy presence, that they could not let them go ! In the sick chamber the youthful lover's tear bathed the pale cheek of his dearest friend; but thou didst not hear it. There the fond mother sent up to heaven an earnest prayer, that her only son might be saved from death; but thou didst take him away. And there the fatherless child wept over his dying mother; and as her last words blessed him, and her anxious but placid look pierced his boul, the poor boy dreaded to be alone in the vast wilderness of a cold-hearted world, and clasping his hands, he frantically said, " 0, dearest mother, do not leave me-do not die; you must not die !" But cruel Death claimed her as his own. She sleeps soundly, amid the quiet dead, and the ground is made sacred by the solemni ties of death, and the almost daily visitation of the orphan child, who comes to weep over his mother's grave. And this dark, cold habitation, is the goal to which we are hastening. The thoughtless youth may travel a thou sand different roads, but they will all lead to the grave. The man of busi ness, whose mind is perplexed about the things that perish, must soon leave them all, and quietly slumber here. The nobleman, who lives in yonder splendid mansion, surrounded by every earthly comfort, must soon leave the house of his fathers, and take up his habitation here. The slave of money, who rises early and sits up late, in order that he may accumulate a little of the world's dust, is so taken up with the clamorous babblings of Mammon, that he hears not the footsteps of the grim monster, Death. Alas, poor man.! he will soon be cut down, and borne to the silent grave. It is truly humbling to stand amongst the dead: here riches lose their value, health has no blessings, rank no privi leges, poverty no evils ; kings are humbled, and pride is in the dust. While in the midst of such reflec tions,my friend came and asked me to go with him to the other side of the church, that he might there show me some of the fearful effects of strong drink. Putting his hand upon a tomb stone, he said, " This gentleman was a Scotch clergyman; he became a drunkard, lost his character, and put religion to an open shame." Of the second he said, " Ah, these were good old decent people ; they died, and left their son all their property; he became a drunkard, and squandered it away." Of the third, he said, " This was the wife of one who has ruined himself by intemperance." Of the fourth, he said, " The husband of the poor woman that is interred here is now a drunkard, and sometimes mad." The fifth was the wife of a curate, who is still living as a confirmed drunkard. The sixth spoke of a medical man and his son, who were both killed by drink. The seventh told a tale of a good kind-hearted woman, who was so distressed by the intem perance of her husband, that she com mitted suicide by hanging herself. The eighth told us of a publican, who died, at the age of thirty-one, a wicked, hard-hearted drunkard. The ninth was a servant, who had been in a brewery for thirteen years, and he also fell a victim. The tenth told us an equally solemn tale. " And did you know them all ?" I asked. " Yes," was the prompt reply, " and I scarcely ever come into this churchyard without thinking of them, and many others too, who have been brought here by drinking habits." In counting the number of tomb stones where these observations were made, we found only seventeen; and ten out of that number stand as sorrowful memorials of intemperance. What an amazing number! Yet there were no intimations that they died by alcohol. Had some human being murdered them, the circumstance would have been re corded, and the murderer executed. On looking around, my friend said, " It is nearly as bad as this, sir, all over the churchyard; it would take up a long time to give you a history of those who are buried in the drunkard's grave." While standing in the midst of the slain ones, I had reason to bless God that my body and soul were free from the power of this wanton destroyer. And when I remarked how thankful we ought to be that we were still in the land of the living, my friend said, " Ah! had it not been for temperance, ere now, I might have Med a drun kard's grave." There, in a narrow spot, were laid the murdered publican, preach er and medical man. In the midst of such a soul-saddening scene, my spirit was bowed down, and with the dead at my feet, and my brother's blood crying from the ground, I asked, " How long shall this curse continue ?" and I heard, as it were, a voice from the graves, which said, "Just so long as the drinking customs are upheld." That poor minister once prayed to God; many listened to Gospel truths, as they fell like precious pearls, from his hps : his heart was once warm with love to God, and his soul bathed in the fountain opened for sin and uncleanness. In his study he thought of God,-in his family circle he prayed to God, to his children he has spoken of God; and for years consistency marked his conduct, and he had a hope beyond the grave: but the bewitching foe met him; the sin of intemperance quenched all the holy aspirations of Christian love, dried up the fountains of the soul, dashed down the family altar, and, with a whip of scorpions, drove him from the church, dissevered him from friends, and then led him through the dark arena of vice, where, in the midst of poverty and despair, he died the death of the drunkard. Here is the grave of a murdered medical man, who commenced business with cheering prospects; he had re ceived a liberal education, and was much respected for several years. He had studied the wonderful organisation of the human frame; he knew that alcohol was a poison, and became its slave. He knew that his strength would fail, and his body sink beneath the influence of the poison, still he madly persisted in its use; and, in opposition to his better judgment, he greedily quafted the fatal draught, and thus forced his soul, prematurely, through the dark valley of the shadow of Death. Over this grave I learned a lesson-that education is not suffi cient to keep men from intemperance ; nor will respectability secure men from its dangerous and fatal attacks. Heed less of such things, the great destroyer knows his power, and, wreckless of consequences, surmounts every barrier, and invades the temple of the Holy Ghost. Talents are crushed, hopes are blasted, the blood is poisoned, the brain deranged, time is wasted, and Heaven defied; tlie pillars of strength give way, and that beautiful specimen of Jehovah's workmanship becomes a wreck-the joy of Satan, and the sport of hell. Turn we now from the grave of this once respectable practitioner, and let us inquire who lies here : we read the tombstone, and, alas! it is the vendor, who died at the age of 7 O thirty-one. A few years ago he took a public-house, and probably antici pated many happy days: he laughed, he sang, he drank, he sported with the drunkard, and joined in the bacchanal song; he could tell a witty tale, be polite to his customers, talk of joliy good fellows, attend the racecourse and wrestling match,-was a friend to the brewer, and a general favorite amongst his class; he could dance, swear, and play at cards, and when drunk, be loud and blasphemous. He lived regardless of death; he never read his Bible, nor bent his knees to heaven. How soon his race was run! A few short years passed away, and the voice from heaven was heard, say ing, " Thou fool, this night thy soul shall be required of thee." The pooi man turned pale; his customers saw the mark of death upon his counte nance. The song of revelry was hushed, and the dying man gave up the ghost; and now his once active and bustling body is silent in the grave. How still is the hand which once distributed the poison ! The body no longer thirsts for alcohol; and we hope his spirit is not in that world where one of old, in vain, cried out for a drop of water to cool his tongue. How serious and solemn is the grave! Vendors of alcohol, leave your unholy business; and come and stand, in sor rowful array, around the grave of your murdered brother; he is only one of myriads who have fallen, and some of you are fast hastening to the same deplorable end. As you dread the solemnities of a judgment day, we would stand here and ask you to aban don, for ever, such a soul-debasing God-dishonoring business! You stand without excuse, and, for the sake of gain, are constantly dealing out the poisonous potations of misery and death. Not more than ten yards from the spot, I noticed a very elegant and ornamental tombstone, on the top part of which was an angel, with expanded wings, uplifted hands, and a face directed towards heaven ; one foot was placed on a cornucopiae, and the sides were embellished with vine-leaves, bunches of grapes, and the Bible. In looking at this well-sculptured and elegant memorial, one would ima gine that the remains of a most devoted saint were deposited there; but the history of the grave tells a sorrowful tale. She was the wife of a respect able person, but unfortunately con tracted a love for strong drink, and frequently presented that worst spec tacle on earth -a drunken woman. In her life she prized it,-in her death she loved it. When alcohol murders, they will decorate the tombstone with an angel and a Bible; and also with wine, which is found in the cluster. Thus, in the churchyard they shroud the monster; and over the grave re present him as an angel of light. If representations are necessary for tomb stones, let them be characteristic of the life and habits of the person to whose memory they are erected; over the drunkard's grave, instead of an angel of light looking towards heaven, there should be an angel of darkness flying towards hell;-instead of the new wine, the pure juice of the grape, which is the gift of God, there ought to be that which is filthy compared to the cruel venom of serpents, and the poison of asps;-instead of the Bible, a bottle,-and for the horn of plenty, the skeleton of Death. Only a few yards from this spot, my informant pointed to a grave, exclaim ing at the same time, " Ah ! there lies another, who was the wife of a respect able tradesman ; and she also fell a victim to drink." " And have you many females who are intemperate in this part of the country?" I asked. " A great many," was the reply. " They are very fond of gin, and many will pawn their clothes, and spend their last farthing to obtain it." Now I stood over a mother's grave. A few years ago and she was in the prime of life;-a tender and kind-heart ed parent, she listened with delight to the pretty prattlings of her little ones ; and when they smiled, her heart was full of joy. At an early period she taught them to say, " Our Father, who art in heaven." In her the hus band's hope was centred; she was his faithful companion. To her the loved children ran, and felt themselves safe by their mother's side. How soon was the scene changed ! Intemperance made his sure, but almost imperceptible advances, and his object was to destroy that fond and affectionate mother, and rob those innocent children of the guardian angel of their youth. The insinuating foe first allured, and then destroyed; and the husband, in looking at the object of his youthful affection, saw only a miserable and senseless inebriate. The eye had lost its lustre; the hue of health departed from the cheek. The mother's love grew cold; the endearing affections of a wife were sacrificed, the children ruined, and the husband despised. What would this world be with out a mother's love ?-it is so pure, so sacred- yea, it is divine. My mother's love will be dear to me throughout eternity; that love which encompassed my cradle never waned away; it was strong in death. Though it had no words to utter, my soul felt its power; and I believe the happy spirit, should it wing its flight to the highest heaven, will never forget a mother's love, and yet this sacred feel ing is often destroyed by strong drink. By the grave of the mother, I abhor alcohol! By the grave of the mur dered father, I vow to heaven that I will never tolerate this great destroyer! By the sacred impulse of natural affec tion, and the holy requirements of truth, my soul earnestly prays that this fire fiend may be driven from the world! 