EXTRACTS EROM MELBOURNE PUNCH. LT-nr-iraa xn helbottbnb, to see-sob nr PEEING Great it the Academy of Pekin, O See-sor, and great ■ tbe painter Crim-sing; for hath he not pictured with the pencil o!' truth the chief entrance of the golden city, even Sandridge, where are the summer palaces of the barbarians. Sadly had it fared with me in the strange land, but for the help of Twang, who has gathered the ctrauge talk of the people; for it happened that a great officer of State, in blue cloth and leaden buttons, with a japanned bandage round his neck, .did address me by the name ol Cum-Cnm, and say three times " lilove on," which, Twang tells me, is a compliment only paid to men of high rank. And while Crim-sing was painting on a tea-tray, did the youth of the country assemble round and make respectful salutations, placing the thumb to the nose and extending the open hand, which means "We greet you as a brother;" and these colled Crim sing a "jolly guy," which, being interpreted, is a great painter among the people. Now the great sea junks of the foreigners cover the waters of the harbour by hun dreds, and bring brandy and beer for the barbarians, whose religion requires them to consume these liquors in great quantity. In truth, See-sor, it ib a land of strange observances, for every male of a certain rank is required by law to wear a black cylinder on his head, which snakes him look very miserable; and the females of the higher class are not permitted to cover their heads in pnblic, but have an ornament of silk or straw fastened behind, winch has also the effect of scaring away the mosquitoes in summer lime. And Twang took us to a rich merchant, who had his palace filled with pickled onions and beer, and we partook of some sparkling waters which filled me with a strange delight, and I sang the song or A-tay, and of Aonana, tbe ■mail- footed; and my pigtail became twisted round the back of a chair. And the soul or Twang rejoiced ex ceedingly, and he desired not to go home until the morning. Time would fail.me, See-Bor, to tell of the many tradings I have had with the barbarians, and how the ■age Twang counselled me not to cany my rose-coloured umbrella, lest the great mandarin of the red button, who governs the.city, should be jealous of my appearance. And how, the first day I went abroad, did 1 purchase some-Jacquered boots, with scarlet tops, to walk through the mud with; and how that paragon of wisdom, Twang, did explain that the hoots were not aoled properly, but that I hod been properly sold; upon which remark I have pondered much, without at all approaching to its understanding. Now it happened that the master oft' " " ' - ' the junk in which I came to this country of marvels would not restore to me a chest of silk shawls, but told Twang that they had been required on the voyage to stop the leaks and save the junk from ■inking. By the ghost of Confucius, O See-sor, did I cry for justice; whereupon tbe deeply-learned and all ■agadous Twang told how that I could not have jnstice very readily, but might hare law, which was a very different sort of thing, but always resorted to in *!»« land or a remedy for trouble and a solace In affliction. Thereupon went we to Tee-Tee, who is a great dis penser of this Australian luxury, a tuned high priest of its mysteries; and, paying down tweoty golden pieces, desired that the junk-master should be bastinadoed. Tee-Tee shut one eye and jerked his thumb over the left shoulder, which Twang explained to me to be a form of solemn affirmation substituted tor swearing (which is quite unknown in Australia), and so was my spirit greatly comforted. Deeply iu the bosoms of these barbarian people is im planted the passion for law. Its rites and mysteries are as altar fires, which they devoutly feed and worship. O See-sor, thou hast seen the spirit of gambling enslave the will of the strongest, and the mightiest frame bowed down to the fascinations of the opium-pipe; but ail this is as nought to tbe fierce craving for the excitement and contention of the law whieh prevails among this people. They Hotter round the consuming flame even as a moth about a lantern; and the scorched and wingless victims who escape seam powerless to warn their successors. In the picture of Crim-slng will be seen a fire-junk, which flies upon wings, and skims the water like a sea bird, and the soul that is caged therein walks the earth like a whirlwind. The temple of the fire king is at Sandridge, and as I entered there was a rushing sound -as of a tempest; audi held Twang by the pigtail, and some poor barbarian is bis terror placed hishonds in my - pocket, and mfithought I heard the roar of winds and waters; aud^vcn while I trembled did m find ourselves In Melbourne, . - Full of marvel* is the country, O Sce-sor, mighty arc the bearded barbarians; fair aa the rose-leaf. and fra grant as the morning, is the memory of their bluc-cvcd daughters. And I have seen the fierce warriors or the land, whose garments are as a flame of fire, wherewith to terrify their enemies. Mine eyes have even rested on the great ruler of the people, a mandarin of tcu buttons, and who sitteth on a goldm throne iu a palace of ivory, by the sweet waters of the Yorra, and has twe:vc female slaves, beautiful as the raiubow, to fan the flics from Uis countenance with feathers of the bird of para dise, AN ADVERTISEMENT OP A DOUBTFUL TENOR. Punch finds fhe following iu the Araus of Wednesday last:— " Vocixisrs.—Wanted a lady and gentleman as Tenors, i for the country. None but good hands need apply." , May Punch be permitted to enquire what is meant by ; a lady tt-nor, and why liie applicants must necessarily be (or have?) 4tgood hands?" lias the advertiser a large stock of white kid gloves on his own ? Or arc the vocal capabilities of tenor singers regulated by the size and I shape of their manual extremities? WHOLESALE FUN FACTORY. We extract the fjllowing wcll-rrritien and accurate description of our establishment from the SZoiuehotd \ Wordt, for the *st o.' April, 1857:—# ' " 1 have visited all kinds of factories. It has become a passion with mOrst developed when (along with sixteen young gentlemen who ei joycd the comforts of a ) home and the advantages "f a liberal education com- I bined, under the care of Dr. Poly whacks, of Gerund 1 Hoa^e, H-iekney—Mrs. Polywhacks looked after our i morals and woshiug), I was taken to the Adelaide Gal- ! lcry, and privileged to witness the production of that | eminently useful commodity, spun gloss, and to par chase twopenny-worth of the finished article o itof my pri- 1 vote resources. That evening, at Gerund Uous \ Ilaekncy, I endeavoured to do as I hud secu doae, with the aid of | a stick of scaliug- wax, a candle-end, and a piece of | tjbacco-pipc, but *vas eminently unsuccessful. I was at [ once struck with the conviction that my vocation was rather that of the historian of manufactures than that of t c manufacturer himself. By this persuasiou 1 have since boon rigorously guided. Three weeks after I left I Dr. Polvwhacks', my predilections being still in the 1 direction of glassware, 1 visited the establishment of Mr. Apsley pcllatt, Al.P., aud saw the tops .f tumblers cut with pairs of scissors, and wrote an account of the process for private circulation. Tumblers naturally sagge-tcd bjer, and I spent two days at Messrs. Barel y and Perkins's, and Truman and Hanbary's, respectively I had always liked beer, but now 1 reverenced it iu the abstract. I felt tint a pint of mild porter was the pro duction of a master intelligence. I would not previously have believed—if Dr. Polywhacks himself had told me —tbat the world contained so much beer as I saw in those two days. I would not have believed that so much intellect aud coulrivanco could lave been infused I with malt and bops. 4C Since then I have been to BirminghamandManchestcr, j and seen 11 manner cf things made upon a scale that I thought had deprived me for ever o.'ali capacity of won dering at mere magnitude. I was a little startled out of I that be.ief at Washington Z. Sling's, in New York, ' where 7,-6'J drinks (-tra ght and crooked) are made before I the public eye in a quarter of an hour. But I have now I to describe a manufactory surpassing anything I have ' seen elsewhere both as to the magnitude of operations and the excellence of the thing produced. " I must trouble you to join ras in Collius-street, Mel bourne. Observe that unpretending-looking building, between Mr. Lightfaot's clothing establishment, on the one haud, and Mr. Pattlsou's boot aud shoe depot, on tbe other. That is the greatest fun factory in the world. Jokes of the most exquisite variety and brilliancy are I there prepared, in enormous quantities, both for use in Australia, and for exportation to other parts of the world. Ihc factory, although iu existence lor little more than a year, already has established a connection over all the civilized parts of the globe, as well as in California, the Fecjee Islands, and other barbarous places. 1 was informed that most English members of I Parliament now regularly import their impromptus from ' Melbourne, as tlicy arc ioand to be much superior iu quality (probably partly owiug 10 the climate) to any that can be manufactured in the mother country. *'£ was first shown into the pun department, where about twenty grave-looking men were engaged in making puns. The process is thus accomplished: Two men seize upon a word, and immediately begin twisting it into curioos shapes, to test its malleability. This being properly established, the rough pun is dexterously thrown with peculiar j. rk to a third hand, who gives it the required point, and puss*-? it on to be polished by a fourth. It is then finished and putaw^y foruse. Thus four persons are employed upon the manufacture of a pan, and about three are made in a minute by each group of four workmen, or fifteen a minute altogether. This gives 900 puns per hour, or 7,200 to the day of eight hoars. As I made these calculations aloud, I could hear that my words were being caught up, twisted, and f.C « flir nf niolif passed on—such plirases reaching me as " Day of eight hours—no Dey of Algiers—eight hours—ate ours?— ' ate yonrs," Ac., Ac. Thes.- puns seamed to me very I meaningless, but when afterwords shown to me, pointed and finished, I absolutely shrieked with laughter. I, deeply regret that I may not present i hem to the reader* bat a pledge of strict secrecy is imposed upon all person visiting tins establishment. "In the broad humour department several healthy looking mea were engaged iu knocking various subjects ] about, seemingly with a thorough enjoyment of their work. The herculean strength here displayed in dealing j with the most massive themes was admirable to witness. This loom Jcdinto another, called the "pensive fan de partment." Here several cahn, meditative- looking per sons were engaged in lining down pieces of humour that j were not inteuded to be used broad, and in infusing into them a small quantity of philosophic meaning, and occa- I sioually even a dash of sadness, thus imparting a I peculiar gout much appreciated by some. There was not a great deal doing in this department on the occasion { of my visit, however, and its bead was entertaining him self with a volume of the Italian poets. " I was much surprised by the extent of the * Ameri canisms department,* where a very large number of j persons were engaged upon the manufacture of that J peculiar description of witticisms. I expressed my sur prise to my courteous guide, adding that I thought all these things were made in the United States. * Oh no/ ' said he, 'most of them uow come from this place origina.ly.' ' Why don't yon export them to England direct, and why arc they circulated as Americanisms?' I asked. My guide shrugged his shoulder. 'Habit is I strong/ he said. ' The Yankees have got the name for this kiad of thing, and people won't believe that as good an article can be produced elsewhere. We sent a small parcel of vciy fine quality to England, by way of an ex- I periment, but they wouldn't go down. A Wisconsin I editor bought them for a trifle, and from his pajjer they , were copied into half the journals of Great Britain.* 1 " There was nothing particular doing in the Irish bull I department at the time of my visit, so that I need not stop to describe that. Iu the room devoted to the pre- ! paration of genuine Scotch jokes, the air was so exceed-'! ingly high dried that I was unable to remain in it many I minutes, and my guide told me that they were compelled to employ in this department none bat pure-bred Scotch men, as it is found that no one else can live long in an atmosphere permeated with the dost of Scotch jocosity. " Perhaps I was more struck by what I saw in the ' proving house* than in any other department of the factory. Here all jokes, before being sutfered to go out of the establishment, are fired off in the presence of a number of persons of various degrees of intelligence, from the condition of pcifect stolidity up to that of very high sensibility and acuteness. The effect produced is care folly rated, aud the jokes classified accordingly. 4 What do you do with the bad ones ?' I enquired. * We make very few,' said :ny guide, 1 but all that fail under the proof are immediately destroyed upon the premises' ' Where do all the inferior jokes that one is constantly meeting in society come from?' 'There arc many small establishments, where these are pro duced,' said my guide—'there is one in Boorkc-street, not fur from the Post-Office—here is a little thing 1 got there on the 23rd alt, as a curiosity/ aud he showed me the following:— "' At one store opposite oar office, tbe occupier's name above the door remains modestly sheeted over with a long bill—41 Vote for Siawcil"—which has stubbornly re sisted all attempts to remove it, aud is now sticking as fast as ever to its place. This however, was ingeniously intended to indicate the tenacity for office displayed by the worthy candidate, and suggests the idea of vulga -riviTLtw inin Uill CHol-vMl " • rizmg ** William Stawell into Bill Stick well." "' What does it mean,* said I. ' Nothing at all,* said my guide with a benevolent smile; ' but here, pick your- , self out a little joke from among these as a memorial of | your visit* I modestly selected a very email and simple one, and left the premises much gratified with my visit." * Thy fair large cars, ay gentle joy."—SHAibPEAEE. Legal gents with nnsnm faces (Faces which you phansy so), When yon are your faces panted, Pay the hartist wat you hoe. Praps the picktcr aint so onstun As you think it ort to be. Praps the hartist cannot see you With the hies with which you see. Vanity's a fiatt'ring mirror, And mankind is seif-deseeved; As, wen you're perewsed these werses. Will be reddily persecved. To a setting Talyon hart-st, Koms a gent named Macoboy. And sez he," Tour brash and kulires I am go in to employ : " Copy this here daggcrtypo, Wich injnsticc does to me; Make of it a bewehus pourtrate— Bewcbos as the gent you see." Go the Talyon takes the pickter, And to hobwiatc complaints, He a rcglar ansum ero On the canrass drors and paints Warin air and marble forrid. Hies of deep seiestyal blew, . Smilin month and cheeks jest toncht with Dooy roses' krimsin hew. Then he takes the painting ome to That there Mister Macoboy; Thinkin, wen he seize his likeness. Ow his art will jump for joy. Pickter that pore painter'a wonder, Wich did all his mind absawb. Wen the legal gent refewsed to Pay fire pounds for that there "dawb." Back returns the Talyon hartist, Wich his name Bionda were. And untoe the lawyer's edd—he Adds of asses hears a pare. By-and-bye Emanyei Mendels Sees that preihus work of art, And perwales upon Bionda, With the long-ear'd gent to part. And he sticks him in his winder, And each little ragged boy. As goes throo Big Burk-street cries out, "That there's Mister Macoboy! " Mister Macoboy the lawyer— If is ears is just like that, Blest if 1 know how he does. Bill, On his edd to keep is att!" Earing of these publick comments, On the long-ear'd Macoboy, Arrowd op his inmost feelings, And did all his peas destroy. Go he sends a clerk named Adcock For to fetch the edd away; And the pickter to his office Did a Mr. Apps conwey. But the money warat forthcoming: And the gents their pen knives drew, And they cut and slasht the pickter Catting Appses finger too. Then the legal gent was summonsed. At the Sily Kort f appcer, Were the facts I've jest narrated Me (and Mister Start) did hear; Here the plaintiff's sly attorney Try the totber won to roile. By an inyewendo glancin' At the ears of Mister BoiL Mr. Start pronoune'd the pickter To belong to Macoboy, Wich he therefore had a rite to Gash and otherwise destroy. So lope he'll pay the hartist AU the sum as was agreed; And I ope to plees his patron Next time Bionda will suckseed. But tor .twice five pounds I think that Had! been that ansum gent, I would not have bad my pourtrete To that piekter-dealer'a sent; To be stared at, with the ears on, By each little ragged boy; Ctvin* oat; as he went past it, ''That there's Mister Macobor!" 