I" " ÔESTÎTUï'É CHIÎDBEN'S ASYLUAr. In accordance with tho announcement previously made, tho corncr-stono of a large and elegant building at proBont in course of erection ut Randwick, dedicated t* that noblest of tho publio cbaritios-tbe Society for tho relief of Destitute Children-was laid yesterday afternoon by Iiis "Excellency the Governor-Cloneral, with tba customary ceremonies, in the presonco of an extremely largo and influential nssomblago. Tho attendance was more numerous, indeed, than oven tho most ardent well, wisher of the Institution could have expected it to be, considering the distance of tho spot from the City ; and it can only be regarded as an ovidenco of tho warm interest which is boginring to manifest itself generally in connection with tho objects and exertions of the truly Christian and philanthropic purpose which the .society have in view, namely, tho reclamation from wretchedness and vice of the many poor children, who are from time to time, from one cause or another, loft neglected and des- titute to crowd the streets and alleys of the oily. Long before tho hour announced for tho arrival on tho ground of his Excellency, several hundreds of persons had con- gregated near tho sito of tho building ; tho weather Seing beautifully fine, had tho effect, no doubt, of inducing many to bo present who. might othorwiso have been deterred by the length of the journey, Randwick being tomo four or five miles distant from the city. Amongst tho company on tho ground, wo noticed, in addition to tho officers and commit- tee of the socioty, a number of civil and military officers, a great many ladies, several members of the local Parliament, numerous clergymen, merchant?, and other gentlemen of influence, ns well as many . private individuals who have on all occasions taken a part in the promotion of works of chan ty and benevolence. Tho Band of the Eleventh Regiment, by tho. permission of tho colonel commanding, were present on tho ground during the proceedings, their fino performances tending ? to onhance not a little the enjoy mont of tho ass&niblage.; . Nor were the inmates of the Institution forgotten on tho occasion. Tho children to the number of 123 (boys and girls), having beon conveyed in omnibuses to tho grounds, wore plentifully regaled with coko and toa .under tho superintendence of tho master and matron ; subsequently, they were sorved with oranges all _ round-arrangements having been mndo for similar distributions to those who romainod behind at tho school in Paddington. The wholo of the children wero neatly and cleanly attired, and nppoarcd thoroughly to enjoy thomsolvos. Thoir behaviour dur» ing the day was unexceptionably good ; several of tho lady visitors speaking very highly of thoir mannerly and respectful conduct in gonoral. Shortly before threo o'clook, his Excellency tho Govornor-Genoral arrived, on horseback, accompanied by Alfred Donison, Esq., and bis Aid-do-Camp, Lieute- nant Naper, attended by an escort of tho Metropolitan Mounted Police, His Excellonoy woro tho uniform of a Colonel of Engineers, and appeared in tho onjoyment of his usual health and spirits. Lady Denison nnd tho other members of his Excellency's family reached Rnridwiok previously in a carriugo. On approaching Mr. Pearce's gato on tho Coogoe-road, which adjoins tho land grantod for the asylum, tho Oovornor-Genornl was met by tho president and directors of the Institution, and by his Lordship thc Bishop of Sydney. Having inspected tho children, who wera drawn up to salute him as ho entered, and expressed his gratification at their tidy appearance, his Excellency gave his arm to Mrs. E. Dens Thomson, nnd proceoded at tho hoad of a pro-' cession formod impromptu towards tho building, for tho purpose of discharging tho duty nllottod to him in tho programme of tho proceedings. Tho company having arranged themselves aronnd the slono, and tho several gentlemen appointed to tnko part: in tho coromony having assumod their respectivo places' near his Excellency's person, Tho Honorablo E. DEAS THOMSON thon carno for-' ward, and said :-May it pleasa your Excellency, ladies,-' and gentlemon, according to tho programme of the pro- . ceodings of tho day, tho duty devolves on mo os Prosi-, dent of tho Society, to offer a fow observations respect- ? ing tho origin, progress, and the piesont state of tho: institution. In doing so, I shall bo as brief as possible,' as I am well aware that a long speeoh is not oxpectod, andJI think would not likely bo acceptable on tho pre- sent occasion. I must, in tho first placo, express my 1 regret, that from circumstances I am unable to perform my duty as Presidont in the manner I would havo ' dosired. Before I loft this country, for England, my attention was dirooted so much to ofBoinl duties, that 1 was wholly unable to pay that attention to tho affairs of tho society which their importance merited. I havo boon absent from tho colony for two years, and since my ' return-a few months ago-I havo boen .prevented by attention to official duties, and the state of my, health, from attending to tho duties of my' office tis President BO fully . a's; . I ought to havo dono. If, .therefore, in . tho 'coarse of my observations, I should pronounce anything lauda. ? tory of tho institution, it will bo understood thnt it is not applicable to myself, but to tho' board, of directors and committees of management, for the position in : whioh tho institution is placed. I am happy to acknow- ledge tho kindnoss of his Excellonoy, as patron of tho institution, in being present on this occasion and dis. charging the principal duty in connection with the pro- ceedings of to-day. I hnvo also to aoknowlcdgo the kind interest whioh his Excellency ban always taken on pre- vious occasions in tho'welfare of tho institution, no has revised our plans and suggested several modifications, which wero adopted by the architect and board of directors. I om happy wo aro favoured with so bright a sky. It is. a favourable augury of the prosperity of the institution. X am happy also to seo tho large assemblage thero is of respectable persons hero to testify the inte- rest they fcol in tho object of tho institution. This institution nrovo out of circumstances I will briefly oxplain. It was found that many children were abandoned by their parents, and left to run about tito city in a state of wretched destitution, nnd exposed to the cxamplo of tho most depraved and worst membors of society, and wero theroforo Ibbie to bo brought up so as to follow out a career of vico and crime. Finding suoh to bo tho case, a number of benevolent porsons mot to deviso moans of redeeming those children from tho unfortunate oircumstances in which they wero phtcod; and I nm hnppy to be ablo to congratulate the society on tho progress of tho institution from tho first day ol' its establishment. It has been most liberally stipportod by tho Government, by the Legislature, and by tho publio genornlly; and pienso Dod, when tho naturo of the institution is bottor understood, tho sooioty will bo supported by tho publie nt lnrge. Much, indeed, has been tlono ; but much yet remains to bo done much that cannot bo done, unless the publio como for- ward, and liberally support tho instltutidn. Should tho institution rocoivo thnt amount of support to which it is ontitléd, I nm convinced that tho result will provo highly benofloial to tho country at largo. Tho immodlato object of tho institution is very much similar to that whioh obtains in tho ragged schools in tho mother-country. But'this institution goes further than . tho raggod schools, in so fur as it removes the children brought under its operation entirely from tho scenes of vloo to which they wore exposed. It waa intended that this should bo an institution in whioh tho , children would be taught not only tho rudiments of education, but also bo initiated into industrial pursuits. Circumstances havo prevented tito latter purposo being carried out to tho full extent ! but tho Government, having mada such a munificent grant of land to tho institution, I hnvo no doubt, if BU (Holen t funds bb sub- scribed, wo shalt bo ablo to carry out the objects of tho, ( sooioty in a way thnt will bo mont beneficial, to tho children. ; At tho. .fir8t,,rnQotlhg :or, Ute' society, ; it ,WM nocossriry to lay down precise rulos ns to what children should bo considered ellglblo to receive tho benefits of tho institution, and, Accordingly,'in tho report for tba yonrendod tho 30th of Juno, 1Ö83, tho following para- graph appears :- . After innob consideration th« Board framed tbe fullowinn nil» wbleli lt seems advisable to Insnrt In tills their ll Mt report, la order Hint tho subscribers may tuiilurstaml tba class of cbllurou who ara the recipient* of thoir bounty, ?'. Uoilnr tho doslgtisliou af Dosllluto Children sholl ba In oltidod only-. ... 1st. Children abandoned by bulli their paront«, or left without friends and iirotuctloii. - , lind. Clilbfrun,tlioiilTsprlri((of parents, who from their profil Hato buIiltH ara unable tu support, Mid unlit tn educate, them, aa proved btifuro a innylnlrato, anil who will elyn an nitreement, If required, Hiving thuin over to Ibo Hocloty fur snob term of X*Sf as tim liausu committee shall, according lu Ilia ag« uf each oulla, demand, «rd, Children, of wham tb« mother ls a dlnsoluto awl aban- doned diameter, proved by conviction before a iiiaulalrate. They shall ho kept In tho Institution whllo th« mother lives, on condition that Hie father pay snob nu allowunoo for their support- as tint homo cominllloD may dlieot. Thnt ls tho particular elnss of personi for whom tills institution vms intended. It duos not include thoso ehlldron who aro propor objects for the saro of tho Orplinn Institutions or tho JJenovttlent Asylum. Th« first steps taken by tho socioty wan to appoint n board of directors. Tho board is entrusted, according to tho regulations of tho society, with tho general management of tho affairs of tho socioty, mid nil mnttors relating to tho Internal mnnngomout of tho institution. This they accomplish hy a houso committee, consisting of niuo of thoir. members, nny threo being n quorum. Tito hou»o> oommittco moot wookly nnd rrgulnto tho Internal nlfnlra of tho institution, receive nppllvullons for tho admission ofohlldron and tlûcldo upon them, hire mid discharge) servants, and BOO that tho ehlldron aro properly fed and , clothed and taught j «M that tho general regulation.* are carried out, Thb'house committee report of th ci proceedings to the general committee ot their month! meetings, and also submit thoir minutes for approval and in that way all tho proceedings of tho house com mitteo are seen and may be approved and confirmed b the general committee. Wo aro indebted also to th bonovolcnt exertions of Lady Donison and other Indie who have kindly consontod to become Indy visitor of tho institution ; and I hope her ladynhi and the other Indy visitors will accep on this oocasion, through me, tho thanks of the director for their kind attentions; and I bog to thank them na only on behalf of the directors, but also on behalf o tho ooromunity at Inrge, nnd particularly thoso cbildroi over whoBe welfare they have undertaken to watch. Th contributions which have been rooeivod from tho Go vornmont, nnd tho publio at largo, for the support of th institution, amount to £11,000.' Tho groator part o that has been absorbed in mooting the ordinary pnymon of the current expenditure of the establishment. Inde Íiendent of that sum, however, wo aro indebted to thi ato Mr. Cuthill, who bequeathed tho munificent sum o £11,000 to be applied to tho purposes of tho institution Of that sum £10,000 have been received, and I have ni doubt tho remainder will bo received when the quostioi respecting the will is decided. The bequest, however is not applicable to tho current expenditure of the insti tutlon, but in intended to bo applied, and is to - bi app'ied to the building purposes of tho socioty. It is t< tho benevolence of Mr. Cuthill that we a« indobtod for tho proceedings of to-day, for th< pecuniary condition of tho society is not snch ai would have enabled us to undertake this building bul for his bequest. On the commencement of tho opera, tiona of tho socioty tho directors, on moderate terms hired Ormond Houso, Paddington. Though not, in its original state, Buited to tho purposes of tho institution yet by making largo additions accommodation was pro. vided for no loss than KIO children. Tho building cosl £3,700, but by an arrangement with the proprietor, thc materials cnn bo romoved at the expiration of the lease, Tho longo will expire in twelve month*, and, therefore, it is necessary wo should proceed as rapidly as possible with this new building, that there may be accommoda- tion for the'children by that timo. Besides tho bequest of Mr. Cuthill, a large contribution, which deserves prominent notice, was rando by Miss Catherine Hayes, Through tho instrumentality of that lady, the sum ol £800 was addod to the funds of tho society, for the purpose of aiding in tho erection of this building. Then thore is Mn Knox, who, having a favourable de- cision granted - to bim in reference to duties, made over tho sum amounting to £000 to tho building purposes of the institution also. These three sums togother amounted to £11,400, which, addod to tho general contribution £11,000, made a total of £23,000, of which the Government contributed £5700. Though thoso are largo sums, it must not bo supposed that tho institution- is so largely endowed as to be able to do without being liberally supported by tho public, ns would bo evident to overy ono when ho mentioned the fact that the balance in hand on the 30th of Juno, 1850, for ourront expenses, amounted to only £140. No doubt current subscriptions had como in nineo that time, by whioh tho socioty had boon enabled to carry on its philanthropic labours ; but unless liberal support be given to tho society by tho public, the benefits it ÍH cal- culated to provide cannot bo extended to suoh a degree as is dosirablo they should be. Tho expenses of the sooioty during the- pnst yoar wore largo, owing-ns in their personal experience they all knew-to tho exceed- ingly high pricos of broad and meat last yoar. The gonoral cost of each child in tho institution was nt the rate of £20, but I hopo as prices fall wo shall bo ablo to roduoo the current expenditure. It will, perhaps, be satisfactory that I should explain tho progress of tho institution in rcferenco to the number of inmates. At tho close-in Juno, 1853-of tho first year of tho society's existence there wore in tho institution 80 ohildron. Tho report presentod to tho annual meeting in that year, stated The total number of ohildron who have been rooeivod into tba Asylum, and than, to say the least, bave boon removod from tba contagion of evil example,have been 03. Of those,oiio lins dlod ; ons lits been removed by tho fstbor, with oonsont of tim hons» osmnilttoo ; and two havo benn sent to tba llenovolent Asylum, as being moro properly flited far that excellent Institution. Tho number now lu tho Asylum ls therefore Ht). Of t li ono, 19 ara maintained wholly or inpart at tho expenso of a parent or rotativo, CB have been forwarded through the Benevolent Society, 2 have been brought in by tho pollón, ind !» have been «ont In through other sources. 10 of thoso childron aro infants under 5 years of aga; .13 are girls betwoon A and 10 years of aga ; 3 are girls about 111 years of «go ; 30 aro boys between a and 10 year« of ago ; 11* a boy about IO yoara of «ge. Then in the report for tho year ended on tho 30th of June, 1854, 1 find the following : Tile nnmbsr of children now In tho iastltution ii 90. Of these 40 «io bove «nd -47 aro girls ; of the former (boya) 30 aro botweon throe and «oven years of uga ; Vi between seven and ten ; 7 over ten : of the latter («iris) 30 are between three and aoven yours of ago; ll are between seven omi ton; 0 over ton. Of these HO In matos, ten are maintained wholly or in part from payment by parent« or guardians, Two have boon sent by tho oolloo. Thirty flva. have both ' parents abandoned and «insoluto characters. Twenty-eight bave dissolute fathers, and twenty-seven have worthlessTOOthers, eonio of whom aro freinent tonants of th« gaoL.,% Again, I find in tho report for tho year ended on the 30th June, 1806, that thoro were then -149 children in the institution, so that it will bo neon wo inoreascd in numbors, ns well as having our funds increased, and tho establishment onlarged. I quota now from the report for tho year ended on tho 30th of Juno, 1806 ! Aftor an oxporlonco of threo years, and a moro accurate know ledgo of tho condition and babils of tho unfortunate children, whom ills tho aim of this society to reclaim from the most nujoct and degrading miser)', the Iloard of Directors have no hesitation In saytug that tho A-ylum for Dnstltttto Children lias now become an Indispensable object of public utility. To rescue the helpless progeny of abandoned and dlssoluto parents from the fearful contamination to whioh thoy ara dally oxposod, and to remove them from tba scenes of Impurity and licentiousness whioh they areeumpellod to wllnoss- sometimes even to participate in-this alone is a work which surely demands tho co-operation and sup- port of every Christian. On this point lot tliefullowlngstateineut speak for Itsolf. Ortho 1 lil children now in tba Institution (70 being boys and 7U «Irl») 70 (nonrly half tho whole number) hava both parents abandonad and dissolute characters, unwilling, or, from tho effects of Intemperance, quito uuublo to provide for their children. Forty- three children havo drunken fathors who havo dosertod thom and thuir mothers ; and tho remaining thirty six children havo worthless and degradad mothers, many of whom aro frequent iumatos uf tho watalrhouso'and tho goal. Of the wretchedness, both moral and physical, willoh ls nntalled upon the helpless offspring of such criminal parents, it would bavo bean Impossible for thc directors to form any adequate no- tion, liad not thu moil harrowing fuets hean forced upon thoir notice,. That childron at so early an age should have hean Initiated into nil that ls flagrantly wicked, and that parent» could bo found so unnatural in conduct, aro Indeed mattera foraur prlso and Indignation to ovory rotioctlng mind. The only Imme- diate remody ls tho very obvious ono of providing a homo for thoso who would othorwlso bu Juvenile vagrants, dully rlpmlng into criminals of the deepest dye, compelled, perhaps by their own nocessttles or tho direct Injunctions of thoir hoartltss parents and friends, to stenl or cheat for thoir dally broad. Now, snob a homo ls tho Asylum for Destitute Children, and suoh ls tba lifo from which lt aluno ouu roaouo these pitiable objeeta of »ur caro and lutorest. I havo thought it necessary to troublo tho meeting with thoso observations, to. shew tho particular class of persons for whom tho institution has boon ostablishod. I am aware that objections mny bo made, that such an institution is in its natura a promium on vice; but I would ' most, heartily support nny feasible means thnt .might bo devisad, consistently with tho liberty ?; of -tho subject, by which tho parents would be' compollcd to support their ohildron, or contri- buto to their support, while receiving tho benefits of the institution, for paronts have no right to bring np thoir children ns pests to society, nnd to bo the criminals of a Bubsoquont day. Ho ngreoil, thorefore, that it would he well if somo mensura could bo dovisod which would compel tho parents to contribute to tho up-bringing of thoir ohildron in tho paths nf virtue. The subject is ono which has ooouplotl tho attention of tho Legislature j on sovernl occasions. Twico has select commlttoos boon appointed to consider it, but woro unable to nrrivo at any satisfactory conclusions. If it should: bo thought proper, to take legislative monsures.on tho subjeot, it will be Tiooes'sorjr thai sbmo Aot should bo passed to give groator powers' to tho managers of tho institution, and to onnblo thom to oondttot tho institution in a way more efficient for the purposes for which it has boon esta*, bllshod. I now oomo to anothor point, lt has been Btatod that wo took a houso for five years. Tho lonso will expira in a short period, and it bocniuo necessary we should prooood ta build another for tho reception ofilia ohildron at tho omi of tho period, Our able arohlteot. Mr. Blaokot, has produced designs nncrplnns for a building suited to nccommodnte from 400 to COO childron. Tho oxpenso of snob a building would nmount to £33,000-exclusivo of tho cost of tho hospital build, ing, which would nmount to almost £3000, and towards which Miss Citthorlno ITnyes gnvo £800. With tho funds in hand wa wore not ablo to proceed with tho whole work ; but a favourable onntrnat lins boen obtained, and somo advanaomont nando with n portion of tho build, ing, suOlclont to nooommotlnto 900 ohildron, nnd tho oost of eroding which, will Amount to about £1)000, If tho building is to bo onrrlod out to tho full oxtent that 1» destraillo, wo munt look fur other sources from whioh to inórense' our funds l nnd wo look forward with satisfac- tion and hope to tho new Government mid LcgUlnturo as oho source; I can recommend this institution to thom ns one of tho most vnltiablo muong tho whole range of tho institutions of tho country, nnd I hopo thoy will not towards it in nn equally lîbornl spirit ns tho late Government, who granted tho Society tho largo ploco nf ground on willoh thoy woro now assemblod, But If moro accommodation ls to bo provltlod, it cnn only bo furnished by increnso of funds; mid I hope tho Legis- latura nnd tho publio will assist tho tllreotors In carry, lng out tho building to tho tloslred extent. I would only further soy that thin is nn institution of n general oharnotor. It lins nothing whatever of oxolusivoiioR» in lt« nature, To bo received as p,a iainnto it in BUfllv(«u( that'the child is abandonad arid loft destitute, 1 directors do not make it any part of their business inquire as to tho creed or religious denomination to whi tho child belongs previous to admission to tho benoi of tho institution. Arrangements, however, aro made provide for tho children being brought up in the ful to which it is ascertained thoir parents aro attached, is not tho object of tho directors to carry on a system proselytising hy means of the institution, but thi desire simply is to remove the children from destituí! and from the scenes of depravity and vioe to which th are cxposod while nominally under the caro of thi parents. I now beg to call on Iiis Excellency to d cbargo that part of tho ceremony in the proceedings to-day which he so kindly undertook to perform. Master T. B. T. Pearco, a youth of about seven yen of age, hoing tho first native of tho district, had tl honour of placing in tho cavity in the undor- stone hermetically sealod bottle containing copies of tl Empire and tho Sydney Morning Herald of the 8 h instant, and also a parohmont with tho following i scription : Tho corner stone of tilla Asylum for Dostltnte Children, towar the oost of willoh tho sum of ¿11,000 was bequeathed hy the lo Alexander Cuthill, Esq., Surgeon of Sydney, was laid by 1 Excellency Slr William Thomas Denison, Knight, Govorai Oenoral in and over all bor Majesty's oolonlos of New Sou Walas, Van Dlemon's Land, Victoria. South Australia, ai Western Australia, and Captain-General and Govornor-ln-ohl of tho torritory of Now South Walas and its donendenoies. al Vloo-Admiral or tho same, Sec., kc,Seo , on Thursday tho Nth Mu A.D., 1836, lu tho twentieth year of tho reign of our Severe!) Lady Quoon Victoria, being tho ilrst year of the now Constituid of Now South Wains. PATHO*.-lils Excollonoy tho Goveraor-Gonoral. PBKSIDKNT.-Tho Honorable K, Deus Thomson, M.L.C. TiiKAxonKtt,-Jamos Cotnria, Esq., J.l*. SKCIIKTAIIY.-Hov. Thomas Druitt, HONOIIAHV MP.IIICAI. OFPICF.US.-Physician, Dr. Douglas Surgeon, ll. Howman, Esq., M.I). DtnKCTotts.-George Allon, Esq., Thomas Harker, Est Andrew Honor, Rev. Joseph lloazloy, J. O'Noll llrenan, Esq., Ii Douglass, Gilbert Elliott, Esq., Tho Vonerablo Arohdoaoc MoKucroe, Har. George Maoarthur, John MoLorio, Esq., J.l Sir Churlos Nicholson, Knight, John Rao, Esq., J.P., Hov. Robe Ross, M.D., Samuel Raymond, Esq., L.L.D., A. Roberts, Est SlrAlfrod Slopheu, Knight, Rev. A. UL Stephen, Mr. Justit Thorry. .. .. MssTF.n AN» MATIIOX op TiiK ASYLUM,-Mr. and Mrsi Layto LADY VISITOIIS, 1855-0.-Lady Denison, Lady Stephen, Mi Aspinall, Mrs. Alexandor, Mrs. Allen, M's. Comrie, Mrs. Cowpe Mrs. Covonoy, Mrs. Druitt, Mrs. Dowling, Mrs. Egan, Mr MoNab, Mrs. Maoarthur, Mrs. Manning, Mrs, Plunkett, Mrs. Ra Mrs. Roberts, Mrs. Roos, Miss Thempson, and Mrs. Woolley. Tho cornor-stono having boon lowered into ii place, ?His EXCELLENCY performed tho ooromony of laying i in tho usual manner, after whioh ho said :-" I lay thi cornor-stono of a building to bo devotod to tho purpose of an Asylum for Destitute Children, in tho hopo thc tho institution will long romain as a monument of th liberality of tho inhabitants of tho city of Syiney, an: others who havo ' supplied the funds by which tho cos of its orection and maintenance is to bo defrayed, nn in tho hope that tho children received within its wall mny bo brought up in tho love and fear of God. Yoi have heard from Mr. Thomson the stato of tho institu tion and - its prospects. Now, tho Btato of its prospect is this, that a great proportion of tho funds has beet subscribed, but a largo amount is yat required to onabli the directors to finish tho building, by enlarging it prosont proposed dimensions to tho oxtent required ti meet tho necessities unfortunately existing for such ai institution. I think I may safely say that to put thi building in proper operation the publio and the Govern mont must bo called on for £8000 extra. It is úselos to establish a building of this kind unless it is providot with, means sufficient to carry out its objects as the; should be ; and besides, to put children in n place, withou properly providing for thom, is to do them an' injury because you take thom from thoir parents and put then in an institution whore they cannot bo supplied with i fair amount of ordinary comforts. If in tho meantime however, tho publio subsoribo liberally, I . trust that ir a faw years it will bo found that tho institution will dc a groat deal towards supporting itsolf ; and so, the cal on tho publio annually Will bo m uah less than it hat hitherto boen. You have boon told that tho avoragoohargt for each child is £20. Well, that is not a great deal sobing that for that.sum tho child has to be olothed fed, educated, and medically attended to. £20 pei annum could not be considered a largo sum for nil that But I trust that in a few years oven that amount will bo reduced, and that the funds subscribed will bo fount: adequate to tho support of a groator number of children, When I sny that, however, I hopo thero will bo fowei ohildron to próvido for-and that I look to as ono of the results of tho training of thoso ' children in this institu tion. iTho childron emanating from these schools having beon brought up in tho lovo nnd four of God, will not follow tho vioious courses of their parents, and consequently their children. will bo by them brought up in a way different from what they would bo but for this institution. Il was, ho regretted to say, a too prominent featuro in socioty in the present day, that many paronts wero reck- less in their oonduot, without tho love of God in theil hearts, and seemod to bo dovoid of even that animal love for their children which evon the l easts of the field possessed for thoir young.- Why ol so wore so man j children left destitute and thrown upon tho world with- out any assistance or caro whatever. I trust we may yoi find a better state of things brought about in tho course of a fow years ; and whon wo seo tho childron in thia institution brought up to industrial pursuits, trained in tho lovo and fear of God, wo will, I hope, soe tho numbor of thoso who nre thrown on publio chnritios gradually diminishing. Nothing would bo moro pleasing to me than to find thnt in twenty years heneo this building will bo quito ompty; but in a community like that of Sydney, thero will always bo found objects for nn institution of this kind. Tho building, I havo no doubt, will bo erected in this healthy position on a scala that will bo sufllalent for tho purposes of its philanthropic founders nnd supporters. Tho building itsolf will bo fitted up in a way to answor tho comfort and happiness of its juvonilo inmatos. All f hnvo to say is, that I hopo I, as patron, tho committee, and others having tho management of tho institution will recollect that as tho ovil which has cnusod tho children to congregate here has procooded from a want of tho lovo of God on tho part of tho parents, so wo must, on our pnrt, try to train up those children in tho love of God, nnd in tho love of thoir neighbours, und ono nnothor. When wo havo succcedod in doing that, we will havo nrrivod at tho point wa dosiro to attain in respect to each child. If I havo another opportunity of addressing yon, whon calling on you for your contribu- tions-which I take tho liberty of doing on tho prosont occasion-but when I next havo to ndttross you ns patron, I hope I will bo ablo to tnnko a favourable report to you of tho success of tho institution. All I can do is, to call on yon to subscribo liberally for tho completion of this building itself. By past oxporlonce you may bo nure that your subscriptions entrusted to tho samo hands as your formor bounty, will bo oxponded in a manner satisfactory to you nnd bcnoflolnl bo,th to tho children,-thc objoats of your charity,-and to tho com- munity at large. Tho Hight ltevorond the Ixml BIBI tor- OF SYDNEY thon offered up tho following prayers, invoking the favour and proteetion of the Almighty on tho institution : Prevent ns, O Lord, In all our doings with Thy most gracious favour, and further tts with Thy continual help; thal in alt our works bonni!, continued and ended in Thee, wo may glorify Thy Holy Nama, and (1 nally by Thy moray obtain everlasting lifo j through Jesus Christ Our Lord. Arnon. O Almighty God, who out of tho mouths of ballon and suck- lings hast ordained strength, and utadost Infants to glorify Thoo by their prntsoa of Thy lllessod 8nti i mortify and kill all vicos In tho childron to bo taught lu thia School, thnt by tho Innooouoy of their llvos, ami eonstauoy of their faith evan unto death, thoy mayglotlfy Thy Holy Name; through Jesus Christ Our. Lord, Amen. Collect/or Ihr Sumtajt after Atctnúon Pay, O Clod The King of glory who hait oxallnil 'rhino Only Son Jesus Christ with groat triumph unto Thy Kingdom Itt hoavoit j vu beseech Thea, leave us nat comfortless ; but send to' us Thluo Holy Ghost to oom fort us, and exult us unto tho «anio placa » hither Our Saviour Christ ls gono before, who liveth and relgnoth with Thee and Tho Holy Ghost, One God, world without cud. Arnon. Collectfitr SI. Simon amt St. Jude-Apoitlet, O Almighty God who has built Thy Church upon tho founda- tions of Ilia Apostle» and Prophets, Jeans Christ Himself hoing Th« Hood Cornor Stnne j-grant ns ao to bo Joined togothor In unity of spirit by their dootrine, that wo may bo mada aa holy templo acooptable unto Theo j through Jesus Christ Our Lord, Amen, A General Supplication, ' Almighty and Everliving Ood, Who by Thy Holy Apostle bast taught us to moko prayers, aqd suimlluutlous, and ta give thank« for all mon ; wa humbly bosnooh Thee most merelfully ta rooelvo thone our prayer« willoh wo offer unto Thy Divina Malaatyi' beseeching Tuon ta inspiro oniitluiinlty the Uuivorsnl Oliuroh with the Hill ri t of truth, unity and connon! i wn pray Thoo also to «ave and defend all Christina Kings, Princes, ami Governors, and enpoolally Thy servant Victoria our Quoon i wo hoseeoh Thoo also to regard with Thy favour his r'xaollniioy tho Oovornor (loiisrid, and all In authority in this Colony, that lu their several vocation» Ihoy may truly and faithfully servo Timo lo tho glory of Thy name, nnd tho edifying and well governing nf tho propio, remembering the account that they must ono day give. Ulva grace O Heavenly Father tu all Thy ministering servants that [hay may both by their Hf» and doctrino sut forth Thy Into and lively Word, ami rightly mid duly administer Thy linly Sitora mouin i WP pray for tho wimbi pimple ur this land, that limy may liva In Ibo trim faith mid fear nf Thee, in humillo oliodletico to the Quoon, and brotherly charily uno ta another. And no proina Thoo nlxu fur nil thone dii|iartad this lifo In the failli uf Christ, and pray Then Hint we may have graao to throat our lives by their unod example*, so that with them wn may be fiirlakers nf tho nuirions resurrection and tho lifo everlasting | brough Jesus Christ Dur Luid. Amen, O Almighty God whoso Holy Word is a Lamp unto nur foot, and alight mil» our path i-(Iratit wo hnsoenh Thoo that Thy '1 ruth may direct and sanctify the hearts mid tntnds nf all who tuny touch; mid uf nil wini may lieroaftur bo taught lu this notion!, let , Thy «melon* core never hu wanting, so thnt itt overy aga, till« may omitliittn lu hu a Seminary of sound mid religious learning I armit that those who rulo muy du sn in Thy four and love, and may Hm children alsu bn so «nllglitoned hy 'I'lly Holy Hplrlt and I by Thy lllessod Word, that thny may serve their gnunratiuu a« humillo and obedient disciples nf au Heavenly Tonohori Grant unto tim promoters of titi« pinn« design that thoy tuny «aa tho work of their banda prospering under Thy continual caro, and 1 may thvui'vlr«' VM«Ul (Itv illUicm vf Xl'/ Ueayeiily Wv/Mlng, Griot unto all who ar« engaged in the erection of Ulla bulldiaj tb ot they may bo kept both in body and aoul from all evil, an may glorify 'Jlioe their Lord and Master. Amen. Our father wblob art in lloaren, hallowed bu Thy name, Tb kingdom como, Thy will bo done in earth a« H la in iloavei Givo us this day our daily broad and furglvu us our trespasses « wo forgive them that trospass against us, and lead ua not int temptation, but dallvor us from evil, forTblno is the kingdon tho power and tho glory for over and ever, Arnon. Thu Oraoeof Our '.ord Jesus Christ and tho lovo of O od an tho fellowship of tho Holy Ohoet bo with us all now and fur eve; moro. Amen. His Honor Sir Ar.FitEn STEITTEN, Chieî Justice, tba came forward, and said:-Ladies and gentlemen, th honorable Mr. E. Deas Thomson has already , informe you of tho deep interest which his Excellency th Govornor-Goneral has always taken in tkis institntioi since his nrrivul in this colony ; and I have now, on tb Eart of the dirootors and subscribers, to return thanks t is Excellency for. the part which ho lins taken in th ceremony, so appropriately "concluded by his Lordshi the Bishop of Sydney. I therefore, your Excel lency, heg, on tho part of the directors . nm subscribers, to return your Excellency our- cardia thanks for your ' attendance, here to-day, am we hopo ' you may long livé- to rejoico in you benevolence, by witnessing and hearing of tho grea good whioh we hope eventually to accomplish by mooni of tho institution, the foundation-stone of which you Excellency has laid to- day. On behalf of most of thosi who are subscribers to the society, and therefore mern bers of it, I venture to say, that there is no charity o whioh this colony can boast whiob has higher claim: than this one on the community nt largo. You havi heard from Mr. Deas Thomson the objeot to whioh tin charity is devoted, and I think T may defy any man tt name an objeot of a higher or more ennobling naturo We seek here to rescue from extremo personal privation) and distress all those, so far as our means will extend whom we find deserted chiefly by tbose whom God and naturo made their protectors. We take them frorr want, and neglect, and disease,; and givo to them tlx bonajJlta of a well ordered home, and provide them wit! food and clothing, and education ; and if wo do no mort than- that,- wo have a right to claim your suffrages, ant sympathies, and support, lint wo do more than that It is not merely from personal sutTering wo rescuo thost destitute children ; wo also rescuo them from a lifo o; infamy, from the drunkard's cell, from the oharnel house from the dram-shop, and street-living and street-begging from lying, and not only from tho contagion of thost vicos, but also from the scones of all that is abominable and destructive. But we soek to do moro than all that evon. We hopo to give the children within those walls a sound and religious education, to take their thoughts'from thia world, its fears and hopes, and lead them to the con- templation of another nnd a holier world, and under God's blessing, make them flt to enter upon its habita- tion. Within tho walls of this institution, and in our beautiful grounds we seek to show them tho advantages of industry and truth-speakiug, and sobriety,, and overy virtue, and so load thom through nature up to nature's God. Wo would teach - them that all that tends ? to their real happiness and benefit in this world tends to prepare thom for the enjoyment of a happy immortality, and to make them acceptable in His sight, from whom they may reçoive everlasting re- wards. Objects BUoh as those every one must fool te ba ennobling and heart-stirring. We know that we require to exercise groat discretion, as diroctors, in selecting from among the applicants proper objects of charity, in order' to prevent heartless parents casting their children on tho streets, that they may be taken up by this society ; but while I acknowledge- tho fact and know the delicaoy of tho duty which the directors have thus to perform, I do not believe that instances of such attempts ot imposition can becomo numerous. But even though the ofleot of tho institution were to bo to increase the instances of such conduct. The momentous question arose-would wc, in consequence be justified in leaving those who were really thrown destitute upon tho world to Buffer, to starve, to steal; to booomo criminals, to die, it might be, an ignominous death. - ? Would we have thoso obildrcn, in their tendor years to suffer all the wrongs by which they were surrounded, because-nnd for no other reason-they wera abandoned by all tho world bosidos, and chiefly by those who should especially bo their protectors. But I can venture to say from personal knowledge of tho fact, that no very large proportion of the inmates of tho institution aro open to such an objection as that I have alluded to. Their admission is not open to tho objection of being cast off by their parents in order that they might receive a refugo hero, nor to any other objeotion that I am acquainted with. Very many or most of those young children are now on tho way of being ttsoful to themselves or others around them ; the great majority of them were rocoivud into tho institution on account of hoing outcasts in tho city, or othorwiso aban- doned, or beiug propor objects of ehnrity boforo the institution was in existence ; and, thorefore, it cannot be that there aro many of them whoso parents abandoned thom for tho sake of their hoing taken under tho care and protection of . society of which at tho time they could know nothing. Tho institution hoing devoted to objects such as bad been explained, you will. not be surprised that those who havo had tho conduct of this day's pro- ceedings have mnde it in soma degroo a religious cere- mony, and had invokod upon tho institution the blessing and favour of Almighty God, who makes the unprotootcd His special care, and who has promised to bo tho Father of tho fatherless. But Providence works out His purposes among mon by instruments. To-day I recogniso present- ono than whom the directors of this institution could no! have selected ono to whom tho task could have been moro worthily confided in taking the im- portant part he has taken in tho proceedings of to-day. It is not thus tho idlo form Of words. It is not tho more courtesy of speech, and I hope I shall not bo suspected in my position of nt all adopting tho lnnguago of flattery, if I say that I bolievo thoro is no man who hoars mo, and no man in this community who moro earnestly and anxiously desires the welfare, ' and promotes overy undertaking that can tend to tho welfare of tho community nt large than his Excellency Sir William Donison, (Applause) And I go farther and say thora is no man in the community who, with respect to the particular objeot of this institution, knows mora of tho wants of suoh an institution" or of tho regulations by which it should bo governed in Its I formation, lt is n mntter of notoriety that in Vnn Diomen's Land there is a Inrgo and noblo ostablish I mont of this nature ; and I am enablod to state I may not say /rom personal observation, but from sources of information on which I can' plaoo the utmost reliance-that tho institution in Van Diemen's Land groatly owes to the watch ful caro of Sir William Donison, tho high dogreo of excellence it has attained-that in fnot it is a modol institution. And as you heard from Mr. Deas Thomson; we had from Sir William Donison tho bonoflt *>f his experience in respoot to this matter. As Boon ns his Excellency hoard there was nn institution of this kind in progress, ho was good enough to send to Vnn Dlemon's Land for n plan of tho Orphan Institution thoro, and copios of tho regulations ; and tho plan mid regulations ha placod in tho hands of tho diroctors of this institution. Many of tho advantages that will bo found to oxist in this institution nra dorived from tho in- structions obtninod through' Sir William Donison. Ho has communicated with tho diroctors from timo to timo, and - given thom the bonoflt of his suggestions ; and though wo may not havo bonoflttod by them to the full oxtont, wo might yet, to a considerable extont ; as fur ns the institution will be found successful, we may say wo aro indebted to his Excelloncy. I look on this building as only tho commcnooment of a series of struc- tures thnt will rodound to tho honour and tho nil van togo of tho citizens of tho metro. Ímils of this important colony. I wns glad to hear from lis Exoellonoy, tho opinion expressed, that wo would probably roqiuro for tho completion of thin institution tho further sum of £0000, bocauso I hope thnt thnt opinion being entertained by his Excelloncy, and whioh ; I bellovo to bo well foundod, wo« wilt havo his ablo advocacy whon wo oomo to ask tho Government for Author support. It is not, I nm aware, the part of his KxOBllonoy to givo monoy out of tho public funds, . but I know ho is nlwnys , willing to subscribo llboroUy towards nil publie, and particu- larly hononavolent purposos. I look on this building ns tito commencement . of a sorles of publia adlfloos i nnd I will end by expressing tho hopo that Slr William Donison, ns tho roprosonln'ivo of the Queen, In tills aolony may,-nlded by pntrlotio and efficient ministries-llvo tn soo in his Unto, and that thora may spring np under his nusploos, many institutions whioh Wo will bo proud of nt a future time. I hopa that although ho m ny not bo ablo to say of Sydnoy ns Augustus said of Rome-that ho found lt of brick and loft it of inarblo, yot that many HÍruoturos, noblo and ornamental, will spring up In and around tho Metropolis worthy of tho Australian pooplo-halls of Loglslnturo, and of commerça- commodious structures moro oxtonslvo and beautiful than thoso wo aro about to orcot.-thnt thoro may bo palanas of jtiBtloo, sohools -mitt colleges for tho ndvanootnont of learning, mid also tomplos dodi anted to tho worship of Almighty God,-that thoso monuments may enduro for agosto ooma to bo nn honour to tho country for whoso bonoflt thoy aro ronrod, nnd of him who at tho Ilma presided ovor tho destinies of tho colony.; (Applause) III« EXOHIJ.RNCY thon sahl-I hnvo to oxprÓHM my timuka for tho mode in whioh his Honor, tho Chief Justloo'lms spokon on tho prônent occasion, and to nug yost QUO ot two corrodions, Ul« Honor hat ktimutod that [ would ask large sums from' tho Legislature fo the purposes of this institution. Now, roy advice to youu! is, not to trust to that source for funds, but to yourselves Put your bands into your own pockets, and you sra sur bow much you can got out of thom-(laughter)-am remember that if you think of putting your hand inti tho pocket of tho colony for monoy you may draw i buck sadly disappointed, (Hear, hoar.) I would havi you therefore pay the £5000 you require to complete tin building out of your own pockets. (Laughter.) At the close of his Excellency's remarks, tho ohildrei belonging to the Institution formed around the stone and sung tho Doxology in a manner croditablo alike ti themselves, and their tutors. This portion of the pro eeodings concluded, his Excellency, accompanied by tin Bishop, Sir Alfrod Stephen, and tho other directors o tho Society,left the building for the purpose of witnessin| the planting of a number of young trees by variousladiei who had consented, at tho request of the Committee, tc perform this appropriate part in the business of tho day Tho shrubs planted were four in number, tho space o: ground allotted to each being protectod by a stout fencing , Tho first tree, an oak, was planted by Lad} Denison ; the second, a fig-tree, by Mrs. E. Deas Thom- son ¡'the third, a Norfolk pine, by Mrs. Plunkett; and the fourth, the bunya-bunya (a native plant), by Mrs, Barker. Three of those trees ocoupy positions within a few yards of eaoh other, on tho north side of tho building, the other having boon placed immediately opposite the north-east corner. Others will, no doubt, ba plantod hereafter to correspond. It is intended, we believe, that they shall be especially tendod, and thoir growth pro- moted, in the hope that they will lang flourish hereafter, to commemorate the great event of the day. Bofore leaving tho ground, his Excellenoy and a num- ber of the visitors, including a largo proportion of the ladles,repaired to a rustic pavilion erected on the grounds of Mr. Pearce, where thc company partook of a sumptu- ous ropast provided by tho proprietor, who had evidently made every endeavour to render his guests comfortable. Previous to separating, Sir Alfred Stephen proposed Mr. Pearce's, health, remarking upon tho uniform attention that gentleman had paid to the interests of tho insti- tution, and to tho position of prosperity which ho had attained solely by his own industry and perseverance. Tho glassos having been drained in response to tho toast, Mr. Pearce returned thanks to' the company, and shortly afterwards his Excellency loft tho grounds for Sydney, calling, enroute, at the building lately rented tor the use of the institution recently established for the education of clergymen's daughtors. This edifice, we may mention, is situate about a milo from the New Asylum for Destitute Children. Prior to his Excellency's departure from Randwick, the children belonging to tho institution, all of whom seemed delighted with their .day's recreation, were con- veyed back to tho Asylum by the omnibuses in which they were brought to tho ground in the morning. Wo should . not omit to mention, that Mr. J. G. Crouch, in tho kindost manner, dis- tributed amongst them, a number of bats, balls, and othor toys, with which, during tho day, they amused themselves to their heart's content. Tho treat provided for them on tho occasion, was tho result of a subscrip- tion commenced sonto timo ago for tho purposo of giving them holiday fêtes occasionally. It bad been intended to regale them last Christmas in this manner, but' tho benevolent conduct of Mr. Baptist rendered this unne- cessary, as the whole'.of the childron wera feasted sump- tuously by that gentloman on Christmas day. Tho idea was subsequently put off for tho 20th January, but on this day Mr. J. S. Dowling invited tho children to his.. residence, whore they .wera made as happy as it was possiblo - to , raako them. The occasion of laying tho oornor-stono of tho new building was then decided on, and with a view of giving' tho children a treat worthy of tho ovent, tho funds previously available were increased by a ntimbor of subscriptions colleotod by.Messrs. Smithers and Pearce to some £14 or £16. Portion of this'was expended for thoir conveyance to Bandwiok and back; the remainder being dovoted to the purchase of tho cakes, fruits, ¿Vc, furnished thora. The institution will not, wo trust, bo suffered to languish for want of proper countenance, and support, at the hands of tho community. Tho excellence of its objeat, and tho success whioh has attended it up to the present time, aro sufficient guáranteos of the grent amount of good which it may bo expectod henceforth to accomplish. Tho position of tho society once put fairly befaro the public, wa are convinced there will bo no lack of assistanco ; tho people will como forward liberally on its behalf, and thoro need bo no fear that the good work will bo sutl'ored to flag, or fall short of its aim, by reason of any want of funds. 