~TÖE IXEOS PCaSONlNOOASRT (¿ram th« Jfam« A'ÍWM,) Tho trial of Wullara Dove for the murder of »MÍ with hy stryohnine commenced ft< York, on the lUthJaU, befara Mr, Raton Bramwell, The High SUenff «ad made precautionary arrangements to guaid agtmuUta expected crowd, by causing harriers to be erected at the entrance to the court and a strong body of police to be in attendance, in addition to the ordinary javelin men. On being placed at the bar, Dove pleaded "Not Guilty,' m a firm and collected tone of \oice. In appearance (saja one account) he is a yojng aia about 30 years of age, respectably dressed and intelligent looking, without anything remarkable about hin» tm attract observation Vnother reporter states that ha has a twitching of the eyelids, which t,iies a sinister expression to his face. Throughout the day, ho appeared perfectly collected and self possessed, and occasionally , looked indifferent. Mr. Overend. Q C , Mr. Hardy, and Mr L. H Bayley, appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Bliss, Q C, He. Serjeant Wilkins, Mr Hall, and Mr Middleton, M ere lae the prisoner. The facts of this caso were so fully narrated ni this journal at the time the case was before the magistrates and the coroner s jury, that it would he unnecessary t» repeat tbem here. Uhe chief testimony with respect to motive had reference to the pi isoner's drunken liahit«, lus violence to his wife, who upbraided lum for his in- temperance, and his threatening to " do her job for her," if she did not " mind her own business A suspicion* fact came out with respect to the obtaining of poison. "lwo or three days before Mrs Dove s death, Mr Morley'« groom came out of the anteroom to the surgery, and ha met Mr Dove going into the surgery At that trama there was no one in the surgery, and after he had watered his horses, the groom saw the gas at full height in the surgery. He then went into the surgery, «ad found Mr Dove with the gas up, putting it don n, and looking very much flurnod He said, " I have come ta light my pipe ' He was there 20 minutes alone, and he knew where the poison waa. One or two other additional facts wera brought for- ward , as that, during his wife s illness, he ostenta- tiously asked some of his friends if they had not noticed that he was obliged to quit the sick room, overcome 65/ grief. On the night of the death, he told a Mr ioang, a confectioner, that his wife was gone, and that ha wished he could weep, he was so excited adding, " Oh. that last look of hors, how it haunts mel After that he went to a pubbo house, got two glasses of brtndjr and water, and said his wife was deud, and the doctors had told lum she could not live, which Mas not true. Ihe object of the croBs examination was to show that Dove was under the influence of delirium tremem, and insane, and that ho fancied himself haunted by fiends, and talked of having bartered his soul to the devil. The caso for the prosecution closed on J n'y 17, and on the following morning Mr. Bliss addressed the Court for the defence. His speech occupied five hours and a half in delivery, ead was not so much occupied with the facts of the c*se as with a variety of facts in tho life of the prisoner, tending to show that he had long been of unsound mind. This view was supported by reference to the interpretation* laid down in the works of medical mon as to what it was that constituted insanity. A number of witnesses woro then examined, who had known tho prisoner at different periods through his life. They nil deposed ta oircurnstances which went to show that he was weak; filly, and irresponsible, and they all declared their be- lief that he was insane. The Court adjourned at a late hour. On the resumption of the trial on tho following morn- ing, 10th July, the Court-house, as upon every former day, was densoly crowded. The demeanour of the pri- soner remained unaltered. Ho still preserved the most perfect coolnoss and self-command. He was c1 re ted in a new suit of black, and appeared pithor unoonceruoa at his awful position or unconscious of it. Several witnesses were examined io the same effect as those who had given their testimony on the day before. Mr. Thornton, a schoolmaster, who lu d known, the prisoner since 1802, deposed to the foot that lus nonversation had always been wild and inoohorcnt, that he could not speak rationally for moro than n minute or two, that he was afraid of ghosts and goblins, that be employed a wizard to charm his landlord's steward, sa that he might leave him in possession of his farm, tea, at York ; Mr. Kitchen, one of the superintendents at the Retreat; and Dr. Smith, tho proprietor of a lunatic as j lam» and mentioned several strange and eccentrio things. Dr. Caleb Williams, the medisal attendant of the Retreat testified to their belief that the prisoner was'of unsorn* mind-a conclusion to which they wera led iy tue faats elicited at the trial, and by personal examination of the prisoner. This evidence closed the case for the defence, upon. which Mr. Overend ropliod at great length, contending that the defence of insanity was merely an after- thought; that tho prisoner bad always boen vicious and cruel. which was no proof in itself of insanity ; and that if . criminal who had committed so cold-blooded a murder wero allowed to escape on such grounds, no hearth im. the kingdom, would be safe from poison. Mr. Baron Bramwell commenced summing up the evidence at 4 o'clook. His ohorge to the jury occupied six hours. At 10 o'clock tho jury rotired, and after on absence of thirty-five minutes returned into ccurt. The foreman announced that the jin y had found the prisoner guilty, but recommended him to morey on the ground at his possessing a defective intellect. Baron Bramwell then passed sontence of death in the usual form. The execution of the sentence will depend in a great measure upon the opinion which may be expressed by his lordship upon forwarding to the Home Secretary tho recommendation of the jury. 