THE YOUNG IRISHMEN OF TO-DAY. I (Front! flie Tivveram Leader, December 29.) L,attorly we have been anxiously endeavouring to come at something approaching a correct esti mate of' the present ' resources of Ireland,' in bone and sinew, and.above all in ' pluck.' The result df.our observation, as far as it goes, is on the whole, riot' discouraging. Tho people, at all events— the men of the ' horny list,' are as sound of heart and limb at this moment as ever they wcro ; and their hatreii w the basaanacn is as hot to-day .as it Uas been ttiese seven hundred year*. Verily, ic is nothing short of a miracle that thiB holy hatred ot the Stranger was. not Ions hco crushed out of the heart of the country. Soeing.it alive-rduspito the bayonet and the gallows and tha law ; despite starvation and atneliofatum — coercion and cant — one feels war ranted in proclaiming its inimoitality, and that the gates of hell BunU *iot prevail again it it. But there are other classes, of our countrymen besides the peasantry, iuto whose touts we would fain hope, the Iron Uus not entered. There, for instance, are (lie sons of our wealthy farmers ; a numerous and a ' distinct cIush, and as line loukiug felluws to boot ia nny in Christun-loni- Soruo few of them have iilianlieritig alter govern ment situations imd comumuiuns in the militia, but even theso are not ' fur gone' in West lii'i tainism — thoy are not beyond nil hope of recovery. The great majority. of them, however, are not (like their fathers) u»-Iiiah or unit- national ?, but, this is not enough— they should be Irish und naiiunal to the hearts core and the marrow of them bones. A. century lack these yotin.2 men would we. be- . lieve. be called -; Buck6.!' You will meet them , at fair and race and funeral, mounted oil good horses, with a little of the ' swell,' and perhaps a dasli of the rake in theit diBB* and ?? bearing. They appear to be fund of display— ?? ?;? affect ?' Beaufort' cravntsnnd 'botdereiV' troi:ser*-j ; and attach prodigious impurtanw to a ' gmidtunl out.' With all this our youi.g buck is neither ft. profligate nor a prodigal. On (he contrary, he ia buth moral and economical. The bad times t.iuslifc him thrift; indeed his desire to '? gather .gear' is carried to excess And 'the purse'-is- too often the standar.l by which be forms ui& judgment 0/ . men, and »f wumen tun we' fear! ♦f It is a really useful deed,' wrote Thomas Dnvisj ' to rescue. from dissipation, or from idle reading, ' or from mamon-huniing one strong passion ite ' ' man or bov. and to set him to work investisatinj;, . arranging, teaching.' Would that it were in our power to do somethihg towards so noble an act. 1 Young men, will you listen to us? Reflect upon your position — are you satisfied witirit? Those green fields — 'twas your father made them green ; that comfortable house— 'twas your father built it;- that- orchard.. and those fine old trees — 'twas your father planted- tlrera.. No doubt you love the place — it'is endeared to you by a thousand tender' associations.' But -» it yours 7 Have you a lease? If not learn to -ba civil, to cringe, to fawn, to beg. If you chance to have a lease-, ten to one it will soon' he expired, or the rent is high ; and wll war-prices hold always, think t you *. Oh, you do not know the moment you may be sent to the right.-pbout, to make way for some cannieScot or enterprising Anglo-Saxon! ? ? v Let us present the case to yuu in another light* There is a farm to let— you want it, (don't, be frightened— were not going to raise the ghost of the evicted — let us forget that such a thing as, tho plunder of a tenant ever occured.) Well, you want this farm ; you apply to some neighbouring ' shoneen' for a character ; you bribe the agent and the bailiff to put in a good word for you : you offer a rackrent and a. large fine; and all for what? to get 'leave to work' for- and be the slave for life of, some gracping tyrant who -will squeeze out of you all you can squeeze out of the - land, and squander it iii London and Paris. Mind, we do not blamayou for this — vou can't help it — you have no other way to employ your capital or your energies in this wretched land. But yon are to be blamed, to be cursed, despised, if you do not grasp at the first chance that offers to shake oft this intolerable yoke. Take it as you will, strut and swagger as you may, you are slaves, There ? is no mistake about it. Why my fine fellows, if . you only go ,-a-Wooing (we are near Shrovetide ? now), What will be tbe first inquiry -'the prudent . old father of the lady will- make- about you ; will ' it not be— what 'sort of a landlord hus he 1 That 15, what manner of man is the ' master' . whtf - owns you— whose property you are ; ia he 'a good.', man who will not ride a/free horse to death, or ia he one to lay 911 the l.isii justaa the humour, takes . him. . ? ? The master who owns you t Ha ! 'do you ivince at that? do you gnash your teeth at it ? Does it make your check blush tmd your liWud boil? ? -..'?? ;? ... The next time you happen to be driving out., with your family, ivnd meet ' the landlord' diking with his family (by the way the odds aro that your sisters are prettier and better educated than his daughters); just mark his looks. If he is one of the 'good' sort, he will pnss you with n con descending recognition. He is quite prouJ. to point you .out to his visitors as ' one of my ten unts,'' just us be would be proiid of his coachman in a new livery. But if your landlord be'a 'devil,' t'ae veiy expressive title by which men of a cer tain stump are known amongst the country people, then he will lower scornfully on you. That says, as plain as if he spoke it in words, ' how dare those fellows assume such airs ? I must pull him down a little— let him look sharp— I may have him on the hip olio of those days.' Now 01 the two wo prefer the ' devil.' His system often begets manly resistance ; but the conscious ness of being dependent on the 'goodness,' the charity of the other, kills the soul by depriving il of independence. And, my ycung friends, which of you, When cropg failed and prices were low, and the cuttle dying, has not marked the despairing, haggard lojk of your father, the tears upon your mother'* pale cheek, and your sisters' eyes red with weep- * ing, when some ruffian agent was after slamming the door behind him with an oath and a threat * There is not one of you, at all events, who \n\i not seen some kind old neighbour Hung Dut upon the wayside, and the hearlh quenched for ever, and the homo made desolate, where, often and^ often you wero greeted with cead mille failte. Whtro are the boys and girls you hurled and danced with in your school- boy days? Ah! where? But all this ia passed and gone ; such scenes as we havo been calling up before yotv will never be re-enacted. You are not such dolts as to be lieve thia, Wait till the war is over. The ex terminator has donned his armour for a new campaign (in fa.it he is in the field), and your own turn will come one day j aye, as the Lord Iiveth- will it, if ? u ? ? ? '? * - * - * * * ft * But do we not wrong you in supposing tuat sel fish motives only will rouse yon to'a'sense of the duties you owe your country, you uwa your na ve land ? Suppose, instead of boing the serfs you are, that you held your farms in fee, would ^ you be be contented ? What! with the voice of famine wailing in your ears, and pestilence poi soning tbe air aruund you, and gaum hungry frees haunting you for ever ! Would you drag -? the chain in silence if you were unly well fed? Would it not grieve your hearts aiid embitter your existence U- feol tliu bayonet lor ever at your throats, and to see the flag of the coiiquerur flout ing you at every turn ? But what can you do ? Tuinic. Shake off the fatal slumber, which high price3 have dragged you. into. Awake, and look ubout. you. 'Tis diivk enough, ? Heaven knows, and chill. But do you not see that the morn begins to break— - ? And yon grey lines That fret the clouds, are messengers' of duy ! And hark I— the cocks are crowing ' O'it. - HlQU Aut. — Till) hi^he-st HpiM-.iniu.ns of Art ill fiumlon ire undoubtedly Sir Juines Thorniiilre paintiiiRS in 1I11) doinu of St. Paul's. HAi'i'V Land. — An iiiKciiuoua youth said, ho should llko to' go to school in Sent iirnl hcuaUseht) underatood it wua tho Land of (Jakes. CoNTAUlON, — Several young ladies who- wero nfc cuitomed to sit undor u popular yruacUcv becamaj couiequeiuly, much affected. 