NIG HT-TRAVELLIiN G ON THE BENDIGO ROAD. Some few days since we noticed the wretched condition to which the road from Bendigo to Mel bourne has been reduced since the late rainy weather has set in. We did not forget to allude to the comparatively neglected state of the road between Sandhurst and Castleinaine, and to notice the dilapidated condition of those portions in which some attempt has been made for the forma tion of a passable highway over the Mount Alex- j ander ranges. Now it is not generally known out of the district, that the greater portion of this road, which is some twenty-six miles in length, is travelled over every night after dark by two of the conveyances which run between this township and Melbourne, viz., the Royal Mail and Cobb's coaches. In Summer when the days were long and the roads good the whole distance from Mel bourne was easily accomplished before dark- The coaches have been kept running up to the present time when the roads are in a most wretched con dition from an unusually early and inclement winter, and when the days are rapidly becoming shorter. This day will be the last on which Mr. Howard's Royal Mail will run through in a day} and to-morrow a change which we indicated some time since.will take place in the postal arrange ments. In the meantime, we are given to under stand that Cobb's coaches will run through the whole distance as usual, and will continue to do so during the winter if possible, We believe that no part of the colony will furnish a parallel , to this triumph of coach driving in - Victoria. D uring the dark rainy nights of an inclement winter, over a roughly marked route through a forest—a road sinuous, full of stumps, ruts and watercourses —a four-iri-hand conveyance dashes at full speed through the "vistas of foliage strangely lighted by the coach-lamps, somewhat as those spectral coaches which are spoken of in supernatural tales glided through the forests of ghost-haunted regions Now, such things as these are interesting enough, as wonderful feats of their kind, but assuredly they do not suit the sober reality of every-day life. It is a decidedly pleasant, as well as useful, thing to be able to whirl down to the metropolis in a day, and back to Sandhurst in another. But one likes to do this without being subjected to the immediate risk of having his neck or his leg broken. A jour ney like that which may be taken just now from Melbourne to Sandhurst is eminently romantic, but we fear that the good folk of this place do not appreciate the romance of danger sufficiently to induce them to iudulge in it, unless positively com pelled. The advantages which the proprietors of those coaches, that run through in a day, place at the disposal of the public are undoubtedly great, but we are clearly of.opinion that they are too dearly purchased. The road to Melbourne is already, at the commencement of winter, in so .dilapidated a condition, that with all the despatch and care possible the vehicles cannot reach' Castle maina much • before dusk. It is futile to expect that the Government 'will effect any ■ considerable improvement this year. The thing is absolutely impossible. The road, or rather roads, for through the Black. Forest the tracks are innumerable—bad as they are at present, will certainly be 110 better, while it is almost equally as certain that they will be very much worse. During the ensuing winter, then, the ooaches must travel over the greater portion of the road between Castjemaine and Sandhurst a.ter dark. Wo have spoken of tl>e r}?lf,—Ifow, is the advantage gained worth the while of running this risk: As long as the road between this and Castlemalne continues in its present condition we are certaiijly disposed fo tlijnk not. Jf ojjly that portion between Kangaroo Flat and the Big Hill were cleared of stumps, and a well defined open roadway made, the case would )je different. It would be extremely unfair in us not to do justice to tl»e eminent skill and courage of the drivers of both lines of coaches who traverso this dangerous route by night. Nothing less than thorough knowledge of the road, combined with skilful handling of their horses, could avert some serious accident from the numerous stumps and ruts which abound on it. The slightest negli gence, or indulgence in liquor on their part would almost certainly be nttjwM with some 'serious if not fatal accident, and it is in the highest degree creditable to tliem that this has not been the case. But is it-wise to continue a prac tice which [requires so inauy conditions to he observed, the slightest infraction of . which is attended with such serious, consequences ? The proprietors of the coaches have done sufficient to establish • their enterprise, ' and sufficient also to place Govermental neglect in a striking enough point of view. We are quite satisfied that they have enterprise enough to carry out the present daily conveyance, and that they will find drivers courageous and skilful enough to manage it. We entertain as strong a desire as any to see communication with the metropolis ren dered as speedy as possible, but then we would like to see it as safe as possible also. To continue a fourteen hours communication with the metro polis is highly desirable, but human life;is too precious to be jeopardised, even for the sake of this public boon. We trust that the .Government may feel the rebuke which this implies. 