SELECT l1 0 E Tit Y. ! E SEBASTOPOL. , .She sat upon the shore, And looked defiance from hor hundred guns, When Prance and England's warrior sons ; 'Came the bins waters o'er. , , . 'Twns harvest in tlio land ; 1 'Mid peaceful farms and piled sheaves. Aud clustering grapes, and autnmii leaves, Tlioy leapt upon the strand ; To meet the foe they rushed ; On Alma's slopes they trod the vine — Earth drank tho fiercely-mingled wine From Death's red vintage crushed. Before her granite walls Thoy came, and back her proud defiance hurled, And llieir brave boast run through the world — " Oppression's stronghold fulls I" The storied times of old With iiattlo and with siege are rife, But this prolonged gigantic strife Mooks all that hath been told. \- Immortal fields of fight Those fiercely leagucred walls. surround — Each spot a bloody battle-ground, ' ltiver, and vale otul height. There, on tho plain below, Contending armies gazed and held their breath, While England's horsemen rodo to death. As for a martial show, There, on our sleeping host. Through mist tlio foe's dark mnsses stole, Burst wave on wave like thunder roll - Of brottkors on tho coast.' As mists before the sun Ave scattered up tho vale at movit, That day beheld thcin backward home — Anil Inkenuhtui was won I Aud oft the silent niglit, i Willi all her train of stars,. wuuld seem to floo, i While flashed upon the dreaming sea Destruction's baleful fight. Like suns to darkness hurled, With their' first blaze the camion's flash Flamed out, and there; was crash on crash As to a rendiug world. Yet Freedom's hope grew pale, As sunk the bravo and quailed the bold ; . For " who can stand before liis cold" Who sendcth forth the hail ? . . And armies low were laid, Aud in the Silent Land, 'mid thronging ghosts, . Tho Leador met his vauished hosts, . With Illiu tlio strife who made, . Leaders and legions gone, Fresh leaders arid fresh legions rose ; And hosts wero. slaughtered of llto foes, And other hosts came on— . ; For many a warlike horde, From fertile plains and northern snows, As far as Dun and Wolga flows. To tlie doomed city poured. Frnm'wifo and mother torn, The dull serf, rooted to his native soil, - Is summoned from his sluggish toil, . And to the; war-Holds borne. He fnintetli by, tlie wily, / Yet on the marching columns husto — Across the wido rind'witliermg wasto ; Their trampling sinks away. :<' As tbe,yanrig.'peasant dies . He sees his river gleam again, His low hut on the /grassy plain ; Staiuls in his myimmiiig eyes. 