MUSIC AND THE DRAMA. THE METROPOLIS. Throughout the, week,' the audiences at the Royal have been very full and enthusiastic. The pieces pro duced indeed have been well calculated to excite at tention, both from their attractive character and the able manner in which their various characters have been sustained. Moncrieff's ' Cataract of the Ganges,' and Howard Payne's ' Ali Pacha ' have been the staple, varied with Moncrieff's' Monsieur Tons on,' Taylor and Bead's ' Masks and Faces ' and ' Court and Stage,' and Madame Lee's inimitable littlo ballet (Taction, ' The Meeting of the Nations.' . . This evening ' Paul Pry ' is to be produced, with a Btrong cast, including Mr Lambert, and Mr Coppin. - y Madame Bishop's grand vocal and instrumental concert in aid of the funds of the Melbourne Hospital is to take place this evening in the Exhibition Building. The solos are to be chiefly supported by Madame Bishop herself, Miss Laura Baxter (contralto) and Mr Pollard (bass), both of the Royal Academy of Music, and the Hanover square rooms and Exeter Hall concerts. Herr Julius Siede is to be principal flute, and Mr George Loder, musical director. Ma dame Bishop has been fortunate enough to gain the generous services of the ' Liedertafel,' an able band of about twenty German amateurs. Tlie whole is to be supported by an efficient instrumental band. The selection of music includes many old favorites, and several novelties, choral and instrumental. It is to be uupuu Mine itiuuume jjiaiiup 3 wiu uo wtfu seconded by tho public, andthat this invaluable institu tion will prove a gainer to an amount commensurate ?with tho pains which have been taken to secure it. The Philharmonic Society are preparing for their second concert for the year, which is intended to be a selection of secular music. We hear that the services of Mr. Farquharson and Miska Hauser have been se- cured, who will both arrive in time from the Interior. There will be a musical novelty introduced, in the shape of a madrigal by Mr. G. O. Rutter, of this city, a composition of great merit. Mendelssohn's grand oratorio, 'Elijah,' is now under rehearsal for the June concert. By tho courtesy of tho secretary, we have been enabled to attend one or two of the rehearsals of this sublime work. 0,wing to its attractive character, the members of the orchestra have not only attended in. fuller numbers, but their numerical force has greatly increased, and they have proved them selves quite capable of grappling with' the difficult choruses of this all but unrivalled writer. We understand it is the intention of the committee to make the performance of tho Elijah- quite a feature, and to secure it adequate rendering by the engagement of an instrumental band up to the requirements of its gifted author. ? The first performance of Elijah inthe southern world must neces sarily produce a sensation in the musical community ; and we have no doubt that not only the inhabitants of Victoria, but those of the adjoining colonies, will take oare to be present at its production. Mr Farquharson has once more returned to Victoria from Tasmania, and left on Saturday morning for Bal laarat, to fulfil an engagement of a few nights only. He will then return to the metropolis to hold himself in readiness for the operatic season, commencing Monday, the 31th April. His concerts in Launeeston have been well attended, and we are happy to say his Tasmanian trip has proved most remunerative. Speaking of his last concert at Laun eeston, ttie Cornwall Chronicle says : — 'On Monday evening the complimentary benefit to this gentleman under tho patronage of the Mayor and' Aldermen, was attended by an audience numbering nearly 400 persons. Mr Farquharson's style of sing ing iar surpassed the most sanguine expectations ot those who had not previously heard bim, and those who had that pleasure were more delighted than even with his former excellent entertainments. Mr Farqu harson in taking leave, said he hoped soon .to revisit Launeeston with a new entertainment, which ho is at present studying. It is to consist of a noble panorama of London from tho River Thwies, painted by Phillips. The description to be delivered by Mr Farquharson, has been written by the talented and humorous Albert Smith, the music by the Brothers Brough ; the whole _ forming an entertainment which will convey quite as much natruction, with more amusement, than a visit to tho modern Babylon itsolf.' . The Royal Amphitheatre, Spring street, is under going a complete renovation, and though much re mains yet to- be done, is rapidly assuming shape and form. Among the alterations which are being intro duced we may particularly mention two tiers of boxes with entrances from the side next Bourke street. The entrance to the pit will be by Spring street, and is to be illumined by an electric light. The dres3 circle will be supplied throughout with chairs. The whole theatre is computed to hold two thousand persons. The orchestra will be one of the best in the colony, and is intended to consist of twenty-six performers. Tho chorus will be full and effective, and numbor thirty — including the pick of those who bave performed at tho Royal for the last two or three seasons. The prin cipals include Madame Bishop, Madame Sara Flower, and Mrs Fiddes ; Mons. Laglaiso and Del Sarte (tenors), and Messrs Coulon . and Farquharson (ba3ses). Mr Georgo Loder is to be conductor. Altogether the company promises to be the most effi cient opera corps which has yet been formed in the colony. The rehearsals commence to-day or to-morrow, and the Beason will commence on Monday, 13th April with ' Lucrezia Borgia.' The other opera3 intended to be produced are tbe Crown Diamonds, Linda di Chamounix, Judith and Holofernes, Robert le Diablo, Fra Diavolo, L' Elisir d' Amore, Norma, and several others. Season tickets for the dress circle are to be issued from to-day. We learn that they are fixed at six guineas, and that a great many have already been secured. His Excellenoy the Governor, and the Judges have been among the first to patronize the undertaking which promises to be very successful. At the close of the operatic season the dramatic com pany will commence their engagements. The corps ia - to include the Misses Adelaide and 'Jocey Gongenhaim, who are at present fulfilling an engagement at Bal laarat. TIIE PROVINCES. In reference to the amusements on Ballaarat, the Times says : — ' The past week has not been marked by any great theatrical events, but there is little of which we need complain. At the Montezuma we have ha'd*Mrs'Chas.' Poole, Miss Marie Nelson, and Mr Lambert, and, though they have ^one, tliey have left a sweet-scented reputation behind. Miss Kate Warde has been all in all to the Charlie Napier habitues, and her benefit 011 Thursday niuht crammed the immense house. The Victoria has fallen back on a very creditable stock company ; having devoted one evening to a benefit for tho Golden Point ' Rioters,' on which occasion a Mr Glover made his debut to a not unapplauding audience. Our prospects for the coming week are firstrate : the .Misses Gougenheim at the Montezuma, and the Eng. lish opera company, consisting of Miss J ulia Harland, Walter Skerwin, Linley Norman, and Mr Hoskins, at the Victoria, are quite enough to lead to the most pleas ing anticipations .as respects our coining pleasures. Considering Mr Coppin's various enterprises, and the dexterity with which he plays liis 'great card' (Mr G. V. Brooke), we wonder he has not cast his eyes on Ballaarat as the basis for an early theatrical spec He must surely know that we are by far the most theatre loving community in the colony — that we are possessed of three large aud well appointed 'houses;' and — what he. must needs value the most — we patronize them iu proper style. Messrs Coppin aud Lrooke should not calculate their chances at Ballaarat now by what they were two years ago.' This evening Mr Farquharson gives his first concert in Ballaarat, at Huxtablo's rooms. ' - Miss Octavia Hamilton continues her successes at the j Star Theatre, Beechworf'i, in conjunction with Mr Banner and other vocalists. The Criterion, at Bendigo, still continues under tho management of Mrs Brougham. Mr Mungall is sus taining the Scotch characters in 'Gilderoy,' the ' Twa Drovere,' &c.;, assisted by Miss Wornhain and MrCainp 1 bell Messrs Heffernan and Crowley's concerts, at tha Shamrock, are stHl enjoying the services of Mrs Hancock, Miss Urie, Mons Laglaiso, Mr Leman, and Mr Thatcher. TASMANIA. The Royal at Hobart Town has for some timo been enjoying the services of Messrs Warner, Drummond, Milne, Russell, Miss Glyndon, and Mrs Harward. Tha M ercury in speaking of Mr Warner's Ilamkt on Wed nesday week in pointing out jome renderings of the part at variance with the opinions of tho latest editors of Shakespere, says: — 'But these defects, if they are defects, sink into nothing before tlie general excel lencies which characterised the acting of Warner in the play.' His elocutisn, at all times good, was never dis \- played to more advantage than on Wednesday night, and the same may be said — with one or two ? exceptions — of his gesture. Still, as wc havo said before, Warner is capable of yet greater things. Nature has been favorable tq him in many ways, and. he has only to strive — to study- — never to believe ho has reached tho extent of his powors — and we feel convinced ho will yet occupy a prouder position than the one he even now doei.' On the night of the 39th instant, in tho 'Hunch- back,' Mr Warner, as Master Walter, fully sustained the reputation he lias unquestionably gained as a lead ing actor of tragedy ; and Miss Glyndon's JuHa wa3 very charmingly performed, while Mrs Harward' s Lady Ellen, Mr Dunn's Fathom, Mr Drummond's Sir Thomas Clifford, and Mr Milne's Tinsel rendered tho play as well represented as we have seen it in tho colonies. Mr John Dunn is likewise engaged at this theatro, and treating the audienco with ' Villikin's and His Dinah.' A series of concerts are being given with great succes3 in Hobart Town, under the patronage of His Excellency Sir Henry Young and Lady Young. The Mercury of the 23rd states that on that evening Mr M'Kean Buchanan would start a short engagement at the Royal. 'Hamlet' had been selected, Mr Buchanan as tho Prince, and Mr Warner as the Ghost. By this time, too, we believe Mr G. V. Brooke and Mr Edwards will have arrived. ' Tho Launeeston theatre has been redecorated by Mr G. Lewis, and was re-opened on Monday. 