3Latc Engltslj Ncfas* FROM our own files up to January 13tli we continue a further summary of interesting intelligence, as follows A man named Harrington, the father of a person employed by the Midland Railway Company, who was arrested on suspicion of having "been concerned in the murder of Mr. Little, had since been liberated. The magistrate said there was no case whatever against him. No clue had yet been dis covered as to the perpetrators of the murder, and the police were said to have given up their enquiries. Sir George Grey had appointed Lerigo, the young man who prevented the escape of Marley, to be a messenger at th6 Bow-street j police court. He had been dismissed by j his employer, a«tradesman, because his time was occupied for several days in appearing as a witness against the robber and murderer of a tradesman's shopman. Aware of the importance of Colt's re volvers as an effective protection againt thieves and housebreakers, some vagabonds broke into Colonel Colt's premises in Pall Mall a short time since and carried off d number of revolvers. The thieves effected an entrance from the rear of the premises, which adjoin the Duke of Norfolk's man sion in St. James's-square. Dedea Redanies, the foreign legion soldier, who was found guilty of the murder of the two girls, Caroline and Maria Beck, near Dover, was executed on the 1st of January, in front of the county gaol at Maidstone. The wretched man appeared to be very penitent. A sad event concluded the me lancholy proceedings of the day. The body after hanging the usual time (one hour) was cut down, and the workmen then proceeded to remove the scaffold. While so engaged, one of them fell from a considerable height upon his head, and was killed upon the spot. With the floating batteries experiments bad recently been made at the Government practice range, Woolwich, in the .presence of the select committee of Royal Artillery officers, in order to test the resistance of timber encased with 4-inch iron plates, the combined substance being exactly equal to that of the -floating batteries. The result proved that these vessels would not be able to endure a heavy cannonade of 68-poun ders. A target composed of timber and iron plates, and weighing30 tons, was sub jected, in the first place, to I t rounds of S8-pounders, fired from a distance of 600 yards. The cannonade splintered the tim ber, and 10 rounds were then fired at a dis tance of 400 yards. The result was entirely iestructive of the timber-work, and the iron plates, by the new rolling process, were splintered and broken. The last shot fired went completely through the target, timber and iron included. The iron plates made by hammer were found the most cohesive and enduring. Edward Horace Montefiore, who liad been remanded by Alderman Kennedy on a charge of uttering a forged bill for £5300, with intent to defraud the London and Westminster Bank, was brought before the Lord Mayor on the 29th of December. The uttering occurred at Cape Town, where the prisoner attempted to get the money from the Cape Bank by presenting tvvo bills of a set of three, as, he said, the third having been sent to China. The bills were forged. For the prisoner it was urged, that there was no proof of a forgery in England : on the other hand, witnesses from the Cape expressed their doubts whether .stamps such as the bills were drawn upon could be obtained in the colony. Upon the last ex amination another case of forgery was brought against the prisoner. The forgery alleged was that of two letters of credit upon the London and Westminster Bank, with intent to defraud the Cape of" Good, Hope Bank, Cape Town. These jetters of credit were so plausibly drawn up that he was allowed to leave the Cape without being prosecuted, the expense of bringing wit nesses to prove the case deterring the pro secutors from proceeding with the case. The prisoner on his arrival in England, however, was arrested, and the present pro ceedings were instituted. The prisoner was again remanded. An accident which, though comic enough, might easily have had a tragical ending, occurred lately at Madame Tussaud s exhi bition. A medical student, examining the guillotine in the Chamber of Horrors, took ?t into his head that the sort of yoke which fits down on the shoulders of the criminal to hold him in his place would not be sufficient to confine a person who struggled. His curiosity on this point led him to watch till the place was empty; and actually .put himself in, letting dgwu the yoke. He soon found that he was quite unable to lift it, and it at once flashed into his mind that the sharp axe which was suspended over liis neck could not be very firmly fixed, or it would not fall (as it does) with a touch. He was afraid to struggle, lest the shaking should bring it down and at once deposit I liis head in the basket of sawdust below him, into which his eyes were of necessity steadily looking. Having stayed some time j in this plight, he was overjoyed to hear the j approach of a visitor, whom he suppliantly implored to release him. " I'm thinking," said the gentleman (a Scotch visitor of the metropolis) to his wife, " I'm thinking he must be hired to show how the thing acts, and I think we'd better not interfere." So the luckless student was left till M. Tus saud came in, and made fast the axe before releasing him. The axe has been removed and laid by the side to prevent future acci dents. A lad of fifteen, Robert Mitchell, had been frightened to death, near Alfreton, in Derbyshire, by Percival, a young labourer, j having acted the " ghost" in a table-cloth at night, waylaying Mitchell in the fields. The fright caused such excessive nervous excitement that the lad died in less than a week. A coroner's jury had returned a verdict of "manslaughter" against Per cival. Ben Dukes, the attendant on the boats at the Feathers, Wandsworth, had shot a large seal in the Thames, near the above place. It was a beautiful specimen of the species, and the only one of the kind that has been seen by any of the Thames fisher men above London bridge. Among the numerous persons present at the ceremony at St. Etienne^du-Mont, when the Archbishop of Paris was assassi nated, was Madame Merard, a wood- dealer of Ecouen, and at her side the assassin stood for nearly an hour, during which she was struck by his apparent devotion. She relates that when the procession made the first round, he quietly drew back his chair, in order not to impede its passage. A little after, when Madame Merard's umbrella fell down, he picked it up and presented it to her with great politeness. At the second turn of the procession, when the Arch bishop was passing, she saw her neighbour draw a knife from under his coat, and rush with fury on the prelate. Madame Merard seized the man by the arm, when the knife inflicted a slight wound on her left hand, from which the blood flowed freely. But for this she would not have let go her hold. The Wellington monument has just been erected in Guildhall. The finishing touch, however, has not yet been given; it consists of a group of three colossal figures, repre senting the duke between Peace and War, and a relievo, introduced below, of the Battle of Waterloo. It contains about 20 tons of white Italian marble, and has been exe cuted in two years at a cost to the City of £5000. It came from the studio of Mr. Bell. A correspondent writing from Berne, speaks thus of the military preparations which had been made by the Swiss :-The frontier is already occupied by 24,000 men from Basle to Constance. Before a fort-, night, if circumstanccs do not change, there will be 130,000 men under their standards, and a month later a reserve^f .r)O,00H<fnen will support "Sjfe active army. Arms, mu nitions of war, money-nothing /will be wanting; every precaution has been taken. Eleven robbers had been executed at Atliens .and at Negara. The Greek " Moniteur" accuses Turkey of conniving at the formation of gangs of Albanian robbers' on the Turkish territory, who afterwards infest the Greek provinces. The Greek troops had repelled some of these gangs, and had killed three of their most famous chiefs. A rumour prevailed at Constantinople that the Circassians had defeated a Russian corps of 10,000 men, near Beyduk. The Shah of Persia has sent an autograph letter to the Czar, to request his advice and assistance. The Ottoman Government has contracted a loan of 35,000,000 of piastres. We learn from Constantinople, on the 26th of December, that some ships of the English squadron were on the point of sailing for the Circassian coast, in order to demand of the Russian authorities the res titution of the cargoes of those boats which were lately captured by the Russian general who took possession of the fort of Soujouk Ivaleh. The Kurds have offered to Mr. Murray, lately Britisli Minister at Teheran, to make war upon Persia. [FROM OUR PREVIOUS FILES.] SINGULAR EXPLOSION OF A KITCHEN BOILER.-About 9 o'clock on Thursday morning, the boiler in the kitchen range at Coockston House, Renfrewshire, the resi dence of Mr. Farquharson, burst with such a force that one portion of the metal went through the wall of the house, and to a dis tance °of thirty feet, another piece through a brick partition at a distance of twelve feet, and a third piece through the ceiling and flooring to the room above. The metal driven through the wall weighed about 150 lbs. Fortunately the servants, who had been at the kitchen fire shortly before, and everybody else, were out of the way, and no one "sustained any personal injury. " Paisley Herald." The Wizard of the North has had his ri<rht hand irrecjverably shattered by the, bursting of a pistol during the performance of some of his tricks of legerdemain at Liverpool. i A FLUCKY DENTIST.-A well-known Yankee dentist, who carries on his business not a great distance from Port Sarnia, was requested one day by a certain young man round town, to fill some teeth for him. This having been done, he asked what was to pay, and was told 5 dollars. The youth re plied he had not then so much upon his person, but would call the following day and pay the amount. Next day came, and the next, but no pay for filling the teeth. Six months elapsed, during which period the graceless scamp was repeatedly dunned. He always promised to pay in a day or two. Last week the dentist met the delinquent in the street, and informed him that he wanted to speak with him up in his (the dentist's) office. The dentist having found his debtor within the door, locked it, and put the key in his pocket; seizing a whalebone cane he collared the? trembling youth, and swore in true Yankee style, by all that was sacred, that he would cane him to within an inch of his life, unless he, that very moment, " shelled out," or suffered the gold to be extracted from his teeth. A deadly pallor o'erspread the not unhandsome features of Young Canada, who involuntarily made his way to the operating chair, and resigned his fangs to the tender mercies of the dentist, who speedily extracted the precious metal from what were originally the cavities pre pared for its reception. The patient was now shown to the door, with an application of the doctor's " patent understanding," " a posteriori." The extracted gold was, of course, useless; but its extraction gratified the doctor's revenge, who had been so pro voked to see the thoughtless young man spend on cigars and brandy more than three times the amount of bill.-"Sarnia Ob server." How TIIE PJSUNYPAPERS CIRCULATE. The other day, it is said, one of the cheap London daily newspapers had sent down to Manchester, to be sold for waste paper, six tons and a half of its returned copies. The paper, before it was printed, cost 7d. a pound; when sold, it is most probable that it did not realise 2d. a pound. The thieves of the West Riding of York shire had a field-day lately, on the occasion of the statute fair at Otley. There were highway robberies, burglaries, and a des perate attempt to overpower or kill a shop keeper and rob his till. An Irishman, trying to put out a gas-light with his fingers, cried out, " Och, murther; the never a wick's in it.' " Dreams are pegs for superstition and ro mance to hang their cloaks on. 