REVIEW. Voyages et Missions ihi Pire AUxandre de Rhodes, de la Compagrae de Jesus en la Chine. 1854. Rcimpression de la Premi&re; Edition de 1653. From this new reprint of an old book we find that the voyage to India in the days of Father Rhodes wns a very perilous voyage. There was X1U UVCftKlllu luutc lu A Hum ill buuoc cm ly bunco f uul it was necessary — at least to Italians — to make an overland journey to Lisbon. The narrative of our young Missioner begins with bis departure from Rome in October, 1618. He toils through the snows of the Alps, exposed to the severities of mid-winter, and escapes with difficulty from ti band of Calvinists, who near Lyons had secretly taken measures to submerge him in the Rhone. He passes through Languedoc, enters Saragossa, and, avoiding Madrid, proceeds without loss of time to Lisbon. At Lisbon he pauses a little to recruit his strength. At that time, he tells us, the Jesuits had four houses in the capital of Por tugal, ' where the labours of the Fathers aim at all the objects of our Society, and embrace every thing conducive tn the salvation of souls.' The University of Coimbre— then brilliant with all the lustre of erudition — contained three hundred Jesuits — an army of scholars and apostles, from whose ranks detachments were constantly issuing for every quarter of the world. At that time the harbours of Portugal were crowded with lordly. vessels, which did'not re semble the frail barques that had wafted the pale companions of De Orama round the ' Cape of Storms.' They were vast and solid argosies, ' Like signiors or rich burghers of the deep,' having been converted, by the progress of nautical science, from mere skiff* into floating palaces fit to bear the banner of Lusitania and rule two oceans. The Saint Theresa, in which Father Rhodes em barked, contained, he tells us, four hundred souls, among whom were six Jesuits, three seculars, and six candidates for Holy Orders, ' engaged in the Study of scholastic philosophy.' The captain was of noble birth, for at that time the naval officers of Portugal were all either members of the aris tocracy, or were treated and regarded as noblemen. Father Rhodes is enthusiastic in his praises of this captain, who if the weather at all admitted of it had Mass every day celebrated on board. The Saint Theresa was, owing to the example of thi captain (Father Rhodes assures us), a floating m mastery. The Cape was doubled by this good ship without the occurrence of accident, and High If iss was immediatly offered up in gratitude to G -d for this visible mark of His protection Sub sequently they were visited hyastorm, which raged during eighteen days, und terrified the passengers out of all hope of reaching land, and compelled them to think exclusively of their eternal salvation. It was not until St. Cluir's Day that the sky re . sumed its wonted serenity, and the murky clouds vanished — a favour for which they were indebted, in the opinion of Father Rhodes, to the interpo sition of the holy St. Clair. Having escaped this peril, they were in danger of foundering in the Gulf of Malacca. Finally, however, the Saint Theresa, after a six months' voyage, anchored safely at Goa, 3th October, 161.9. Goa contained at this time three establishments of the Jesuits, flourishing under the invocation of St. Francis Xavier — a Saint who, as Father Rhodes takes care to tell us, preached the Gospel in -three hundred kingdoms, and baptised three hundred thousand converts. Father Rhodes, absorbed in the duties of bis mission, remained two years and a half in Goa. From Goa be proceeded to Japan 12th April, 1622\. He describes the manner in which pearls, ' the tears of the sea,' as he terms them, are drawn up from the dismal depths of the ocean— the boat, the bag, and the cord, with which the public are now familiar, At that time the Jesuits had establishments on the Malabar and Coroman del coasts, the islands of Manar and Ceylon, establishments which Father Rhodes successively visits, and describes in his book, and the whole country was filled with the power and reputation of the Jesuits. At that time Malacca was in a most flourishing state, though scarcely a vestige of its prosperity remains in our time. Father Rhodes powerfully describes the ' fine city — the strong fortress — the beautiful churches — the numerous monasteries, and the Jesuits' college, in which,' he assures us, ' there were several eminent men, des grands personnages.' A very favourable impression seems to have been made on our Missioner's mind by Malacca. He extols the fruitfulness of the soil, the flavour of the fruits and other vegetable productions, and the enchanting beauty of the scenery, decorated with rich and noble forests. He makes an interesting remark on the cocoa tree in this place. It is a philanthropic plant. 1 1 is only where human beings nestle under its foliage that this tree thrives; in the absence of man it declines and withers, as if it were mourning his absence. ?' Whether it be the breath of man,' says Father Rhodes, 'or some secret influence concealed by nature from our observation, which produces this effect, I cannot say.' In the tropics the cocoa tree is the inseparable companion of man : its filaments clothe him — its fruits feed him, and its milk quenches his thirst. To the Malay this tree is as necessary as the camel to the Arab, the reindeer to the Laplander, or the potato, before Catholic Emancipation, to the persecuted Irish peasant. Finally, Father Rhodes sets sail for China, and after narrowly escaping the cruisers of Holland — a country then at war with Portugal — arrives on the 29th May, 1623, at Macao. Between his departure from Rome and his arrival at Macao five years had elapsed. He had run a thousand risks from rocks, quicksands, storms, Pagans., and those 'foes of all religion' — the Dutch, ere he could reach the ' famous kingdom of China.' The Chinese mudea favourable impression on him He is eloquent in eulogising the fertility of the rich soil, and the intelligence of the ingenious Chinese. The Jesuits were favourable to Chinese character during two, hundred years' experience. Being men of learning themselves, the Jesuits naturally dwelt on the learned aspect of the coun try. Being literary men also, they felt inclined to exalt the Chinese, because they knew the high value set by them on the literary character. Modern travellers visit the VVappingof China, and come exclusively into contact with the seacoast population, while the Jesuits mingled with the literary aristocracy of the court. Hence the difference in their estimates. Father Rhodes, at the same time, admits that the Chinese are Mate rialists, and worship false gods, amongst whom he reckons ' un certain Confucius.' They place great faith in conjurors, who swarm in China. Father Rhodes maintains, nevertheless, that they are full of cleverness, und believes that they will ultimately embrace the true faith. Tea at that time was hardly known in Europe. In Paris it sold for twenty-five shillings a pound, or thirty francs. The importation was exclusively in the bands of the Dutch, who gave five- pence a pound for the article in China, which they sold for thirty francs in Europe. ' This exorbitant profit is enjoyed by the Dutch, owing to the ne gligence of the French,' says Father Rhodes, who, in his observations on commerce shows the wisdom of a statesman, as he exhibits in his observations on religion the zeal of an apostle. He dedicates an entire chapter to tea, for which he manifests a strong predilection. He dwells on its virtues with enthusiasm, ns it enabled him to postpone sleep, and remain all night awake hear ing confessions. He lived in Macao during a year, an inmate of the college which the Jesuits had founded when the Portuguese first settled in the country, and which had given Martyrs and Apostles to every mission in Asia. Commerce flourished in Macao at that time, and the inter course with Japan and the Philippine Islands was frequent, and protected by the standard of Portu gal. ? The Missions of Catholicity likewise flou rished, while the fervour of the inhabitants was proved by the size, number, and magnificence of the churches. Subsequently to this Tonquin and Cochin China were repeatedly visited by Fattier Rhodes. It was in 1627 that he first entered Tonquin, where be succeeded in obtaining an audience of of the King. He presented the King with a book on Mathematics ' very handsomely gilt.' This led to a conversation on the visible heavens, and then, by a natural transition, to the Creator of the heavens. The interview lasted two hours, when, charmed with his conversation, the King invited the Jesuit to dine with him. One day he sent for the Priest in a great hurry to come and explain the mechanism of a clock and an hour glass which bis Majesty had recently received as a present. Father Rhodes set up the hourglass and wound the clock, and told the King (what appeared to astonish him) that the moment the glass was empty the clock would strike. The King waited with anxiety to see if this could really be the case. ' I withdrew,' says Father Rhodes, ' to a distance from the clock, lest they should suspect me of meddling with it, and en deavoured to wile away the hour by explaining the nature of eclipses.' During this time the. King kept his eye fixed on the hourglass, and took it in his band the moment it wns empty. ' Though the glass is empty,' said the King ' the clock is silent.' While he was speaking the clock struck. The King was in a perfect ecstacy. lie invited me to remain two years in the country, and hoped I should visit him frequently.' The King, he thinks, would have never listened to bis first sermons if it had not been for the clock which struck so opportunely. He succeeded during three years in converting seven thousand Pagans. But it was impossible for the Jesuit to retain the Royal favour, because, though willing to make every concession that was innocent, he could not at all countenance polygamy. Now, the King had a hundred wives, and his example bad been carefully imitnted by his aristocracy. The country was filled with the lamentations of the ladies whom the new converts repudiated, and the eunuchs, who were no longer necessary, made common cause with the discarded ladies. The Jesuits were finally commanded to quit the country by a royal edict, and left Tonquin in a Portuguese ship of the line. In Cochin China his success — equally brilliant at first — was subsequently clouded by persecu tion and calamity. The flock was scattered and the shepherd hidden in darkness. Nocturnal Masses, secret sermons, and headlong flight at the hasty approach of the sanguinary satellites of Pagan authority, embitterred or chequered the life of the Missioner, who, though burninj for martyrdom, would not willingly abandon a flock whose faith depended on his life. Father Rhodes tells the history of his sufferings, not with the tone of one who shudders at the past, but who is animated with the ardent hope of new trials. He derives from the conversions be accomplished, the courage he witnessed, and the visible raitacles which illustrated his apostleship, the most exqui site consolations. Miracles lie thick in the nar rative of Father Rhodes ; the dying sinner is restored by the waters of baptism — the terrified demons are scared out of the persons of demoniacs, and supernatural apparitions cheer the despond ing, support the vacillating, or cow the refractory. The terrible vicissitudes of the primitive ages seem to float before our eyes — the grim apparatus of imperial persecution — the shadowy scenes of the mysterious Catacombs — the graceful devoted ness of pious women — rich men chilled and abashed by human respect, and paupers animated with the fortitude of heroic martyrs. The Chris tian heart feels a noble pride in adverting on the sameness of sentiment, event, and miracle which parallel China with Rome, and the seven teenth with the primitive centuries. Scepticism may sneer at the miracles, but few will doubt the sincerity of Father Rhodes. His narrative is sufficiently interesting, independently of the mar vellous. Urged by the violence of a tempest, a Spanish, ship took refuge in a harbour in .Cochin China. The excited population of the country became strangely agitated on learning that this ship contained four Nuns. The King and Queen insisted on seeing these ladies, and their visit to the court is thus described : — ' About two o'clock in the afternoon the Nuns, closely veiled, set out for the Palace. They were accompanied by two Priests and a guard of honour consisting of fifty soldiers, richly attired, and characterised by the grave stateliness which distinguishes Spaniards. The King, sitting at a window which opened upon an interior court (a second window in the palace being similarly occu pied by the Queen), awaited their arrival. The King had prepared a recess for the ladies, which was lined with tapestry, so as to shelter them from the gaze of the crowded court. The attire of the King. and Queen was perfectly splendid. The principal nobles of the realm were present on the occasion. The royal guard consisted of four thousand men, subdivided into four compa nies, each composed of a thousand men, but so closely arranged that room was left for the other parties. Those next the King were attired in violet damask, the breast streaked with blades of gold. The others wore cassocks, nearly black, and each soldier carried a large scimitar, richly adorned with silver. They were silent and motionless, and in close and perfect order. The Religious ladies svere led into the recess to the left hand side of the King. The two Priests and the Spanish captain approached the King, and saluted him with uncovered head, and the grave and stately ceremonial of their nation. This salutation was acknowledged by the King with many fair words of esteem and courtesy They were then conducted to lofty thrones which had been prepared for them, and all the soldiers in stantly tonic their seats upon the ground without noise, and with their legs crossed. A collation was then brought in on round tables, gilt and varnished, every one having a table to himself, covered with excellent aliments, served with royal magnificence. The King himself invited them to eat, and besought the Religious ladies seated at a distance to make good cheer. A handsome ballet was danced by the court ladies during the repast, which the Spaniards confessed that they had never seen better executed. The King intimated a wish on the conclusion of the repast that the Religious ladies should issue from their conceal ment and approach the window where the Queen was sitting. The Nuns accordingly quitted the recess, closely veiled, and saluted the King as they passed. They approached the Queen then, and sat down. The Queen immediately besought them to put off their veils, as she had heard that their heads were shaved, a circumstance which no one in the court would credit. The Nuns answered that they could not put off their veils, above all in the presence of so many men, but they raised it slightly, so as that the Queen alone might see their faces The King was somewhat offended, saying that as his face was exposed to them, they might likewise uncover their faces to him. The Queen, who is warmly attached to her own religion, enquired into the nature of their faith, and of the prayers they chanted. The Religious ladies answered very properly, and as they should do, but their replies were misinterpreted by the woman who served as interpreter. The Queen commanded one of her ladies to put her hand upon the Nuns' heads and ascertain if they were really shaved, as was asserted. The head of the oldest Nun having been touched by the royal attendant, she exclaimed that it was quite true, a circumstance which filled the whole court with great astonishment. The interview continued during several hours, and was enlivened by pastimes peculiar to the country, performed with royal magnificence. When night approached the whole palace was illuminated with torches, and on the conclusion of the visit the King furnished bis guests with a guard, who escorted the Religious ladies and the' Spaniards aboard ship.'- In addition to his visit to Macao, and his five visits to Cochin China, our Missioner visited the Phillipine Islands, while his return to Europe led him through Malncca, Butavia, Macassar, Surate, and Ormue, where he landed ? penetrated Persia, Armenia, and Anatolia, embarking finally at Smyrna for Rome. Uis narrative of bis return is by no means the least interesting part of his book, and if we had space we should be happy to analyse it like the foregoing. Uis captivity nt Batavia, his interview with the Governor of Ma cassar, his residence at Ispahan, ' one of the largest aud finest cities iD the world,' his travels in Turkey, whose inhabitants ' trembled at the name of Venice,' finally his arrival in Rome in 10'47 (having quitted it in 1619) after passing through 'dangers by sea and land, storm, ship wreck, captivity, wildernesses, savages, Pagans, heretics, and Turks ;' all this will amply reward perusal. This narrative proves that the Asiatic nations in the seventeenth century were more powerful, rich, and civilised than in our times, and that the Catholic Church had flourishing missions in the islands of India and the centre of Asia, where we find at present scarcely a vestige of Christi anity. CONSECRATION OF THE ARCH BISHOP OF CASHEL. The consecration of the Most Reverend Dr. Leahy, Archbishop of Cashel, took place on Mon day, the 29th June, in Thurles cathedral. Fourteen Archbishops and Bishops, a very large number of the Clergy, and an immense concourse of laity were present at the function, which was performed with the utmost solemnity. Every portion of the extremely spacious temple was crowded even to an inconvenient extent, es pecially the nave, where the pressure of the people through the grand entrance was severe. In the aisles and galleries nearly all the seats had been reserved, and before the hour fixed every seat had its occupant. The gallery at the Gospel side was screened off for the accommodation of the Nuns of the Ursuline Convent, whose grounds adjoin, and a considerable number of these pious ladies, with many of their pupils, were present. The arrange ments within the church for the occasion were of the most complete and excellent character. The magnificent high altar was handsomely decorated, and the steps and surrounding space were richly carpeted. The altar of the Bishop Elect was fitted up in strict accordance with the ritual, which was closely followed in the other preparations. The portion of the sanctuary immediately in front of the grand altar was enclosed and arranged in a suitable manner for the reception of the non officiating Prelates. They occupied seats ranged around a dais specially erected and covered in crimson cloth; the throne of the Archbishop of Armagh was in the centre, and to his right and left sat the other Bishops in order of seniority, wearing their purple rochets and white surplices. At either side of this dais chairs were constructed for the Clergy, but owing to the very large atten dance a large number had to be accommodated around the altar. Shortly after eleven o'clock the procession commenced to issue from the sacristy amid the joyous and swelling notes of the very fine organ of the cathedral. As it passed along its appearance evidently produced a deep effect upon the congregation, and when the Archbishop Elect came forth a thrill of glad emotion ran through the church. The Prelates present were; — The Most Rev. Dr. Cullen, Archbishop of Dub lin, Primate of Ireland. The Most Rev. Dr. Dixon, Archbishop of Armagh, and Primate of all Ireland. Right Rev. Dr. Cantwell, Lord Bishop of Meath. Right Rev. Dr. M'Nally, Lord Bishop of Clogher. Right Rev. Dr. Derry, Lord Bishop of Clon fert. Right Rev. Dr. Vaughan, Lord Bishop of Kil laloe. Right Rev. Dr. O'Brien, Lord Bishop of Waterford. Right Rev. Dr. Kane, Lord Bishop of Ross. Right Rev. Dr. Fallon, Lord Bishop of Kil macduagh. Right Rev. Dr. Walsh, Lord Bishop of Ossory. Rigiit Rev. Dr. Moriarty, Lord Bishop of Kerry. Right Rev. Dr Ryan, Lord Bishop of Limerick. Right Rev. Dr. Delany, Lord Bishop of Cork. Owing to the pressure, a full list of the Clergy could not be obtained. Amongst those in attendance were : — Rev. Mr. Barron, P.P., Moone ; Rev. Mr. Meagher, P.P., Ballina ; Rev. Mr. Brennan, P.P., Kildare; Venerable Archdeacon LafTan, P.P., Fethard ; Very Rev. Dr. Burke, P.P., V.G., Clonmel ; Rev. Mr. Baldwin, P.P., Clonmel; Rev. Mr. Talvy, P.P., Glanmire ; Rev. Mr. Hickey, P.P., Doon j Rev. P. Laffan, P.P., Holycross ; Very Rev. Dr. O'Connor, V.G., P.P., Templemore ; Rev. James Ryan, P.P., Templebredon ; Rev. Mr. Lanigan, P.P., Kilcommon ; Rev. M r. Keivan, CO., Mayne; Rev. Mr. Butler, P.P., St. Michael's, Limerick; Rev. J. Raleigh, P.P. ; Rev. Dr. Dowues, P.P., Kilmallock; Very Rev. Dr. Cussen, P.P., V.G. ; Rev. James Moore, P.P., St. Munchin's, Limerick; Rev. Mr. Cant well, Administrator, Thurles ; Rev. Dr. Russell, Maynooth ; Rev. Mr. Flannery, Dean of residence at the Catholic University ; the Very Rev. Dr. O'Reilly, Professor Catholic University ; Rev. Mr. Mack, Rev. Mr. Woods, Professor, College, Thurles; Rev. Mr Bafry, ditto; Rev. J Power, P.P., Powerscourt; Rev. Mr. Morris, P.P., Borrisoleigh ; Rev. Mr. Dowling, P.P., Kilskyre, county Meath; Rev. Mr. MulUly, P.P., Dono hill; Rev. J. Ryan, P.P., Nuwt'iwn; Rev. Mr. O'Connor, P.P., Kilgobinet; Rev. Mr Carroll, P.P.; Clonakilty ; Rev. P. M'Donnell, C.C. ; Rev. D. Power, C.C, Carrick-on-Suir ; Rev. Mr. Fogarty, P.P.; Rev. Mr. O'Brien, P.P., Cahir conlish ; Rev. Mr. Corbett, P.P., Quin, county Limerick; Rev. Mr. Russell, O.S.D., Dublin. The following lay Professors of the Catholic Uni versity appeared in academic costume ; Mr. Robertson, Mr. W. K. Sullivan, Mr. Hennessy, and Mr. Ornsby. The Most Rev. Dr. Cullen was the consecratingPrelate. The Priests assistant to him were the Rev. Dr. Lee and the Rev. Mr. Murray. The Assistant Prelates were the Bishop of Limerick — Chaplain, the Rev. Dr. M'Loughlin, 0 S.F ; and the Bishop of Cork— Chaplain, the' Rev. Mr. Butler. The Rev. W. Cantwell., Thurles, was Chaplain to the Archbishop K.lect, and the Rev. Dr. Forde officiated as Muster of theJCeremonies. The robes of the Bishops, par ticularly those of the Archbishop of Dublin and the Bishop Elect, were of a gorgeous und costly description. The Consecrating Prelate having robed and been conducted to the ultiir, where he became seated, the Bishop Elect was introduced by the Assistant Bishops. His Grace asked for the in junction of his Holiness, whereupon the Bulls were read aloud by the Rev. Walter Cantwell. The Elect made a profession of faith and under went the prescribed examination by the Arch bishop,. who, at the close, offered up the prayer — ' May this faith be increased for thee by the Lord for thy true and eternal bliss, most beloved brother in Christ.' The Elect kneeling before bis Grace reverently kissed his hands. The Arch bishop's mitre was removed, und turning to tbe altar with the Assistant Prelates, the Elect being on his left, he said the Confiteor, and proceeded with the Muss to the end of the Tract. The Elect was conducted to his chapel, where the cope was removed and he was dressed with the sandals, pectoral cross, stole, tunic, dalmatic, chasuble, and maniple. Thus robed he returned to the grand altar and read the Liturgy, the Archbishop during the time sitting mitred, after which he asked for prayers to the Almighty that He might be pleased to afford a plenteousness of grace to the Elect, who then prostrated himself on tbe altar steps, and the Litanies were chanted. At the conclusion of the Litanies the Consecra ting Bishop, taking the book of the Gospels, placed it, with the assistance of tbe Bishops, on the neck and shoulders of the Elect with both hands, saying, *' Receive tbou the Holy Ghost.' A portion of tire Preface was then read, after which the choir chanted the beautiful hymn ' Veni Cre ator Spiritus.' During the hymn the Consecra ting Prelate anointed the head of the Elect with the Sacramental chrism, saying, ' Be thy head anointed and consecrated in the order of the High Priest with Heavenly benediction.' His Grace then rose, and having laid aside bis mitre, con tinued the following portion of the Preface : — j ' May this, O Lord, rain abundantly upon his head,' &c;, &c.; Subsequently, and whilst the Elect continued keeling, the bands of the Elect were anointed, his Grace as he did so saying — ' Be these hands anointed with the blessed oil and chrism of consecration As Samuel anointed David to be King and Prophet, so he tbou anointed and consecrated.'1 His Grace blessed the crosier, sprinkling it with holyjwater, and, pre senting it to the Elect, said — ' Receive the staff of the Pastoral office, that thou mayest, in the cor rection of vice, temper punishment with mercy, and hold judgment without anger, that in cherish ing virtue thou mayst console the affections of thy hearers, but in cnlmness of mind not sur render the severity of reproof.' The ring was next blessed and put on, the Gospels were delivered to the touch of the Bishop Elect, his Grace saying — ' Take thou the Gospel and go forth, and preach this to the people Who are entrusted to thee.' His Lordship was then received to the kiss of peace by the Archbishop and Bishops, after which he was conducted hack to bis chapel, and bis head and hands, which have been bound, having been washed from the chrism, the Mass Was Continued to the Gospel. Tbe Deacons atthe High Mass were the Rev. Mr. Wall, C.C, and the Rev. Mr. Slat tery, C.C, nephews of the lamented Archbishop. The Lord Bishop of Kerry ascended the steps of the high altar, and proceeded to deliver a most i ffective discourse, full of learning and argument, upon the text — ' Thou art Peter, upon this rock 1 will build My Church.' The Mass was then renewed. The Bishop Elect, at the Offertory, kneeling, made an offering to his Grace of two loaves, two lighted wax torches, and two vessels of wine. The Bishops officiating all proceeded to the grand altar, and the Elect, standing at the Epistle side, accompanied the Mass. After the Agnus Dei, the Archbishop gave the kiss of peace to the Elect and to tbe assistant Bishops. After the Ablution, the Elect moved to tbe Gospel side, and continued tbe Mass with bis Grace. The mitre and gloves were blessed and put on, and the crosier having been presented to the Elect, he was seated before the altar Lord Archbishop of Cashel. The consecrating Prelate commenced the ' Te Deum,' during the chanting of which tbe Bishop Elect was led Pontifically by the Assistant Bishop through the Church, imparting bis benediction. As he passed along, clothed in all the dignity and sanctity of his office, the people could not restrain theiremotions of joy, and thescene became exciting. The people crowded around his Lordship to receive his first Episcopal blessing, and a considerable time passed before he was enabled to return to the sanctuary. He wns then conducted to his chapel, where he was partially disrobed, and tbe prescribed prayers having been repeated, the Prelates and Clergy returned to tbe sacristy. In the evening his Grace entertained at a sump tuous banquet in Thurles College all the Prelates who assisted at the Consecration and the Clergy. — Freeman. ? The Coinrnitteo ofPrfvy~C--unoiI for Edu cation have sanetionctlapUiii by which young women who have been instructed in the Normnl Training School of Art, and have taken certificates of com petency, may be recommended for employ ment, and also as teachers of art. This excellent plan bus already received the cordial and efficient, support of many persons of exalted station and influence. An association of ladies of high rank and character has beenformed in London for 'Promoting the Employ ment of LadieB as Teachers of Fine Art.' Among the leading members of this new association will bo found tlio names of the Duchess of Argylo, thu Countess of G-f unville, the Lady Stanley of Alderloy, the Countess of Airlio, the Hon. Mrs. Win. Cowper, and many others of the fetnalo aristocracy. The object in. view is ' to find an occupation especially suitable for educated and intelligent women.' A*9 the association i9 to work in harmony with and in aid of the efforts of tho Committee of Privy Council, a lavge amount of success is anticipated. The plnn, indcod, is already in working order ; and cortiliod ladies, qualified to teach, in tho best possible mun ner, drawing, painting, modelling, practical geometry, and perspective, may bo engaged through the Secretary of the Department of Science and Ait, South Kensington. A Grkat Giundson of Sir Walter Scott. — The following interesting announcement appears in the Scotsman : — ' Tho perpetuity of a great name has a natural and universal, if not. some what sentimental interest, and wo take the blame to ourselves for not having more promptly noticed tho announcement of tho birth of a son to Mr. Hope Scott of Abbotsford, which renews tho prospeot of the continuance of the family and name of our great poot and novelist. Mrs. Hope Scott is Sir Water's only surviving grandchild, and the infant born on the 2nd instant his sole representative in the fourth generation. Should tho child who thus inlxiritd this illustrious name happily livo to bear it, and to transmit it, it will be, we may without exaggeration say, a gratifical ion to h-9 country ; and tho prospeot has the further interest oftts promising the fultil mont of one of thu dearest wishes of Sir Wulter Scott's heart — for in him the desire to perpetuate Mb namo and family was tho special shape takon by tho ' last infirmity of noble minds.' It is a singular fact that the only living descendants of Sir Walter Scott aro Roman Catholics. Mr. Hope Scott, the futher of the grandchild of Sir Walter, is a distin . guished convert, and as a resident country gentlo man at Abbotaford is greatly respected by ull classes and denominations. The baronetcy con ferred upon Sir Walter Scott is oxtinot ; but wo on tortain strong hopes that it may be revived hereafter in tho person of thu grandchild whose birth we announce. Tho attempt recently made to attribute the authorship of certain of tho Waverley Novels to Sir Walter Scott's brother Thomas, who lived in Canada( lias induced the three daughters of Mr. aud Mrs. Thomas Scott to write to tho Times giving a ' full aud entire contradiction to tho report,' and asserting that the ' surmises are entirely fuldo.' ' Growth of the British Empirk. — One of those little events in British history which pro voke a temporary irritation among sotno of our neighbours has lately taken place. Tho Island of I'erim, at the entrance of the Bed Sea, has boen definitely occupied by the East India Company. This spot, which, no doubt, in tho hands of our countrymen is destined to become of soinu impor tance, is situated immediately in tho Straits of iiabel mindeb, closo under tho capo of that name, on tho Arabian coast. The roadstead is said to be oxeel lent, and a fleet could lie with safety under tho Bhelter of the volcanic cliffs. From tho absonce of vegetable matter the place, though sultry, is not un healthy, and tho occupying force need anticipate no more exceasivo mortality than necesearily fulls to tho lot of a tropioal station. Such is the latest acqui sition of the British crown. N o coral island in tho Pacific grows with moro constant accretion of par tides than this empire of ours, and few arc tho years which aro not signalised by tho addition of soino colony, or Asiatic state, or harbour, or head land on a barbaroiiH const, to tho dominion of Queen Victoria. But this course of territorial extension, though it may oxnile ill-Will ami approhensiou abroad, is certainly an little as possible prompted by any ambition of power or military supremacy. It 19 merely tho natural result of tho enterprise, tho enlarged relations, aud thu constantly increasing trullie of tho Knglisl. people. Tho occupation of Aden was made necessary by tho establishment of tho Overland Mail ; Hongkong was settled as a con sequence of tho vast trade with China ; Labuan wag taken because a now and interesting connexion with Borneo had come into oxUtance. — Times. 