THE WILLIAMSTOWN ELECTION. The nomination and re-election of Mr. J. V. L. Foster, whose appeal to a constitu- ency was rendered necessary by his acceptance of the office of Treasurer, took place in the iron store at the corner of Nelson-parade and Ferguson-street, at noon on Wednesday last. Capt. Burrell, the Returning Officer, opened the proceedings by reading the writ of the Speaker. Mr. MASON, the Chairman of the Municipal Council, then came forward and proposed Mr. Foster as the representative of Williams- town in the Legislative Assembly. He (Mr. F.) had been their representative for the last four or five months, and had represented them well. He (the mover) would not say whether Mr. Foster was right or wrong in joining the new ministry, but there was one thing they might be sure of, namely, that he had done his utmost for Williamstown, which was the best guarantee he could give them for con- tinuing to do so. He had much pleasure in proposing Mr. Foster as a candidate for their suffrages. Mr. T. STEWART seconded the nomination, and remarked that he agreed with what Mr. Foster had told them a few evenings previous about his benefitting the colony by doing good to Williamstown. They all believed Mr. Foster in this respect, and were beginning to think themselves "some pumpkins." (Cheers and laughter.) Mr. FOSTER said he could not begin with the usual introduction, "unaccustomed as he was to public speaking," as he was pretty well accustomed to it, but he had rarely felt himself more embarrassed as to how he should commence than he did then. In consequence of the regatta, or some other cause, there were but few persons present; no one seemed in- clined to speak, and no one seemed disap- pointed thereat, therefore he would not detain them with a long speech. He did not know whether it was better to be returned in that way, without any trouble, or, after a contest, by a large majority, as he was convinced he would have been had there been any opposi- tion. He said this without egotism, because of the promises of support he had received on all sides. The two or three gentlemen who had been looking about for an opportunity to slip in, had given up the pursuit, as they were no doubt convinced that they stood not the ghost of a chance. He thanked his constitu- ents for re-electing him, and said if in times past he had done anything to promote the in- terests of the town, he trusted with increased power to achieve greater things in the future. Mr. Foster concluded by observing that should he ever come before them again it would be with the satisfaction of knowing that he had done his duty. Thee proceedings then terminated with a vote of thanks to the Relieving Officer, pro- posed by Mr. Foster, and carried by accla- mation, which was responded to, and the meeting separated. There were only twenty-five persons pre- sent, and the whole affair was got through, without the last excitement, in the short space of ten minutes. 