HINTS TO BRITISH PLAYWRIGHTS. (BY A. VAMP.) I believe it is now universally conceded that writers of English plays must necessarily be more or less copy- ists, and must borrow their plots, situations, and characters from previous plays—not attempt to create such things for themselves. I accept this as an in- evitable necessity, but I nevertheless pro- claim myself the founder and head of a new school of playwrights. We cannot create, and must copy, I grant; but why on that account should so many plays be "taken from the French." I maintain that we have plenty to copy from in English, and if I can do it I mean to take out letters patent for a newly-invented process for adapting the plays of Shakspere to the requirements of modern audiences. Shakspere in his native state won't draw. People are tired of him, and know him by heart. Moreover, what does a respectable city man or woman of the year 1857 care about royal murders and intrigues, and other kingly goings on, of five hundred to a thousand years ago. My invention is to modernise Shakspere in a true dramatic spirit, to bring out his characters under the influence of modern circumstances, to put a pump into the well of English undefiled, and pump up modern plays thence, instead of taking them from the French. For instance, I take Macbeth, and find him murdering a king to get his crown, and gradually getting hardened and desperate in a career of tyrannical crime. That may be all very well, but we are tired of it; and besides, so few of us have any chance of becoming kings, or of committing murders, or being murdered in the course of a change of dynasty, that Macbeth doesn't take us with him. Macbeth and most of Shakspere's plays want re- writing. But take Macbeth, for example; call him Mackenzie, or Macdonald, or Mackintosh, or anything else. Let Mackintosh, instead of murdering a king, get up a railway company, or a bank, or commit some other offence common among modern men of an ambitious turn of mind. Let his first offence lead to many; let him grow hardened and desperate; let domestic troubles flow in upon him, and altogether let his soul go through just the same course as Macbeth's,—only, let the incidents come more within the range of modern sympathies. I furnish, to illustrate my meaning, a scene or two of my modern play of Mackintosh (taken from the English), to show you what I mean:— ACT V. Scene III. (A Room in Mackintosh's House.) Enter MACKINTOSH. MACKINTOSH—Bring me no more accounts, Let them dun on They can't get judgment for a month at least, So long I'm safe. Let butchers', grocers' bills Be burned to ashes. The lawyer who well knows All legal consequences has pronounced me thus:— Fear not, no baliff can disturb thy peace For many weeks to come. Then fly ye duns, Consult solicitors and spend your cash On futile lawyers letters. Thirteen shillings And four-pence will they cost you every one, Throw good coin after bad—if that's your fun— Enter SERVANT. Now d— you Robert what d'ye stare about In that preposterous style. SERVT.--There's at the door. MAC.—A roaring lion? SERVT.--No, a party, Sir. MAC.—Go put your stupid head into a bag You staring, gaping ass. What party, blockhead? Confound you and your flabbergasted looks As if you had seen a ghost. What party, idiot? SERVT.—Please, Sir, a party with a small account— MAC.—Take yourself off. Oh I am sick of this— Of being hard up at any time of life— Of wanting what should put me at my ease-- Yet, heavy balance in the banker's hands, Lands, tenements, shares, stock, and ready cash I cannot look to have, but in their stead The scowls of tradesmen whose unsettled bills, I fain would pay, but cannot. Enter DOCTOR. Ah good doctor, How are your patients? DOCTOR--Well, Sir, not much better; Tom's hooping cough is very bad indeed, Miss Mackintosh has got it coming on, And much I fear your infant with the measles, Will also hoop before to-morrow night, Edward is worse. MAC.— And how is Mrs. M.? DOCTOR.—She's pretty well, Sir, but she frets herself— MAC.—And me; more than enough. Oh, my dear doctor. Canst thou not mollify her too warm temper Persuade her she should not excite herself By dinning daily in my suffering ears, Her catalogue of wrongs. DOCTOR--Therein the patient Must minister to herself. MAC.—Throw physic to the dog, I'll none of it, Yet hadst thou got some soothing febrifuge That would make cool the blood of Mrs. M. Less shrill the accents of her potent voice, Dam back the rushing torrent of her speech That now bursts through my feeble opposition— And batters me with numberless rebuffs, Borne on the tide of voice as giant trees Are carried on the surface of some stream, Swollen by winter floods against a pier That powerless, passive, has to bear their shocks,— Couldst thou do this, with physic, oh, good doctor, I would applaud thee to the very echo, That should applaud again. Exeunt. Scene V. (A Room in Mackintosh's House.) Enter MACKINTOSH and SERVANT. MAC.—Put up the chain and fasten both the bolts; The cry is still they come. The street-door's strength Will laugh the duns to scorn. There let them stay And knock and ring until they're sick of it. Were not a bailiff armèd with a writ Among them, I would meet them, beard to beard, And drive the rascals off. What noise is that? SERVT.—It is the children screaming, sir, I think. MAC.—I've almost ceased to heed the noisy brats. There was a time when 'twould have made me jump To hear one shriek; but ceaseless botherations Have made me callous. Wherefore was that cry? SERVT.—Tom fell down stairs, and he has bruised his shins And torn his jacket and his trousers too. [Exit. MAC. He should have been more careful; drat the boy; That jacket should have lasted him for months. But ever tearing, tearing, tearing, tearing, The urchins spoil their clothes from day to day; And things that only were sent home last week Are torn to tatters by the little fools, Or spoiled with dirt and dust. What their clothes cost Is to the little idiots an affair Signifying nothing. Enter SERVANT. What's new; speak out at once, and tell me, man? SERVT.—Sir, as I came down stairs I looked towards the kitchen, and I saw A Jewish-looking party scrambling in By the back window. MAC.—Are you joking, man? SERVT.—Blow me tight, sir, if I'm in joke at all; And up the stairs you now may see him coming; A paper in his hand. MAC.—I'm sold, chawed up, slewed, humbugged, and done brown. The beggar will be on me in a trice. A writ of ca. sa. does he bear no doubt; I dare not stay here, nor dare I go out. I 'gin to be a weary of the sun. To me the world seems one gigantic dun. But I will make a dash: perhaps I can Even yet manage to bolt past the man. Hie front door's blocked with duns; but vet'ran Mac. Shall yet effect his exit by the back. (Exit.) 