[?] The Governor-General. — We have sin cere regret in announcing that his Excellency has met with a painful accident. It appears that, while feeding one of the deer on Wednes- day afternoon, he was gored by the animal in the upper part of the thigh. The wound, although severe, is at present progressing fa vourably, and his Excellency's medical attend ants hope that nothing untoward will he the result of the accident. His Excellency Sir William Denison de livered a lecture, on Tuesday evening, in the School of Arts, " giving an account of his re cent visit to Norfolk Island in her Majesty's ship Iris." The lecturer was listened to throughout with marked attention, and was frequently applauded. Sir J. D. Paul.' — The good folks of the Swan River are said to be rejoicing in the prospect of having among them, not merely the felon baronet, but also his innocent lady, who, it is said, accompanies him in his exile, with £10,000 a-year, her own fortune, to spend among the Australians. Her ladyship, it is said, takes with her equipages and everything else necessary to enjoy a life of the most splendid luxury. The Fisii River. — The crops in the neigh bourhood of the Fish River are reported as looking remarkably promising and healthy, and as affording reasonable assurance of a plen tiful harvest. The oat patches more particu larly are luxuriant ; indeed, no part of the colony, nor perhaps the world, grows finer oats than the land upon the Fish River, the samples submitted to our inspection upon several occa sions being of a superior quality to anything we ever saw in the colony. We are assured that there are crops of oats now upon the allu vial flats of the river, standing nearly six feet high, and that 80 bushels to the acre have fre quently been yielded. Talk of our agricultu ral capabilities after this ! — Bat hurst Free Press. Departures for Europe. — As our readers are already aware, Mr. Darvall has issued his farewell address to the electors of the North Riding ; we understand both he and Mr. Want, M.L.C., leave the colony in the European on the 11th ot next month. Early next year several other members of Parliament will leave for England, including Mr. Parker and Mr. Lang from the Assembly, and Mr. Montefiore, Captain Lethbridge, and Mr. Docker from the Council. It is rumoured also that Mr. Donald son, Mr. Macarthur, and Mr. George Macleay contemptate an early visit to Europe. — Empire. The Land Bill. — A meeting of the work ing men of Sydney was held on Friday even ing, by moonlight, in Wynyard-square, for the purpose of opposing; the Land Bill introduced oy the Cowper Ministry. Addresses condemn ing the bill were delivered by Messrs. Heydon, White, Gledrale, Stewart, Raphael, and Cramp, and resolutions expressive of disappro bation at the measure were passed by acclama tion. At the conclusion of the business, three groans were given for Mr. Cowper and three cheers for the Queen, and the meeting, which had 'been a most orderly one, separated. — Era. The Land Question. — The Sydney Herald of Saturday concludes an article on the Land Bill, now before the Council, thus: — " We have proved that the purposed reduction will entail great evils on the colony — that it will hatter our commercial system by draining the banks — that it will create a spirit of specula tion, entich great capitalists — ruin some — that it will put land beyond the reach of small men, and stop employment — that it will take from one part of tne people to give to another and less valuable class of the people — -that it has not been asked for — that it is opposed to the >ractice of other colonies which nourish — that t is the pet tradition of a few men, who forget that surveying alone would cost more than the price they fix, and that it would alienate un known wealth for a song. Had Mr. Murray prevailed in 1847) the rich lands oi Mount Alexander, Ballaarat, and other equally valu able territories would have gone into private hands at a few shillings an acre. We have felt that: it is not by argument that this question will be. 'decided. Every proof we bring that tile country— the humble cultivator the rising generation, the future immigrant — will lose by the 'change goes against our success in arresting it. It tells the members of the Assembly, who mean to1 buy,- that just in the same degree that it. is not the interest of the public, it is their own interest to pass this clause. We have against us 'the strongest of . human passions — after the bloom of life is over — the love of gain- We tell these gentlemen not to put money in their, purse — not to touch a vast and fascinating bribe ; not to accept a proposal which will make them lords among their race — and enable them to exact from a tenantry more than ever our feudal lords of the Plantagenets and Tudors ever dreamed of exacting ! What chance have we of succeeding against such odds, and in a House where one-half are directly or indirectly interested in our defeat ? Already wc have found more honesty than we expected. A Slight Mistake. — A rather curious mis take was made the other day by a learned friend of ours, who lately filled the post of Chairman to a Municipality not fifty miles distant from Maryborough. The gentleman in question, who is a barrister by profession, was on his way to Ararat to attend to his profes sional duties at the County Court, and took his place from CftKtlomcuno to Maryborough by tlic Telegraph coach, his only luggage being a small parcel containing that very necessary legal ap pendage, a wig and gown, wrapped in that very useful — rat least for such a purpose — paper, Argus. On getting into the coach, our ven erable friend quietly esconced himself in a corner, and as the morning was yet young, prepared for a comfortable nap, not paying the slightest attention to his vis-a-vis, who by the way was a lady, and who was also possessed ot a parcel precisely similar in appearance to his. In due time the'eoach arrived at Maryborough, and the passengers got out, seized their parcels, and hurried away to their different destinations. Our friend hastened to the residence of a brother limb of the law, when, after satisfying the cravings of the inner man, the conversa tion turned on the coming campaign at Ararat, and something or another rendered a reference to the parcel necessary. It was then opened, when, horror of horrors, in place of the bom bazine and horsehair, a dilapidated stuff dress tumbled out. The truth was instantly ap parent : — the. gentleman, seldom, if ever, mis taken on a point of law, had absolutely mis taken the identity of a paper parcel, ancl had walked off with the tattered outside garment of one of the gentle sex, while the lady had borne away in triumph the insignia of the order of the bar. What the sensations of the lady must have been on discovering the mis take, we can hardly imagine, but we do know that those of the gentleman were the reverse of pleasant. Inquiries were instantly set on foot, but the lady had disappeared, no one knew whither, and the lawyer had to proceed on his way, certainly not rejoicing. As it is probable that this paragraph may yet meet the fair one's eye, we will inform her that the gentleman is a Benedict, so that her chances of recovering damages for breach of promise will be but small, even though she should put in as a proof of attachment the wig and gown of the Lothario. We would therefore advise her to return them with as little delay as possible. — Maryborough Dunolly Advertiser. Tiie Land near Albury.— The following is the reply to another of the numerous memo rials which have been transmitted to the Land Department : — " Department of Lands and Public Works, Sydney, 19th November, 1857. Gentlemen, — I am directed by the Secretary of two or three, using the primitive cradle, they unite in bands of thirty or. forty, and clear immense paddocks which can only be worked by co-operative labour. The result of this mode of proceeding is particularly evident in this neighbourhood from the positive plethora of w.ealth which some of the Chinese exhibit. They are among the storekeepers' best cus tomers, and one peculiarity seems to distinguish them from some of the other classes of diggers — namely, that very little of their wealth finds its way into the publicans' pockets, though they by no means deserve the character of total ab stainers. — M. A. Mail. Aluury and Murray River Agricul tural and Horticultural Society.- — The first annual stock exhibition was held: on Tues day last, at the yards erected for the purpose by Mr. Layton adjoining his new; hotel. Not withstanding the fact that the day. appointed for the show hod been fixod by several breeders of stock, it was felt that the season was not judiciously chosen. Owing to the flooding of the creeks and rivers, the squatters in the upper country were prevented from sending stock to compete for the various prizes, and the entries were consequently not so numerous as they might, could, would, and should have been. The show of stock, however, passed off very well for a first attempt, and a sufficient degree of success was achieved to warrant the convic tion that the society is destined to effect much good hi the district. — Border Post. Melancholy Suicide.— -The Age of the 26th thus refers to a late case of suicide : — One of those mournful tragedies so characteris tic of colonial society has. just occurred at South Yavra, Melbourne. A fellow named Jackson induced a young woman to marry him a few months ago, in Adelaide. They subsequently came to Melbourne, but they were not here many weeks till the unhappy woman discover ed that. Jackson had another wife living. He abandoned her soon after the discoveiy. She endeavoured to find him out, but in vain ; and at length, broken-hearted with despair, she poisoned herself. Jackson seems to be well cnown. At one time he figured off as a pro fessor of phrenology ; at another ho officiated as a Baptist clergyman ! Surely the authori ties will endeavour to punish a wretch who is morally guilty of murder as well as bigamy. A Ghost at Ulladulla. — For the last three weeks, the most terrifying and strange sounds have been heard to issue from a swamp near here, known as the Big Hole Farm, occu pied by Mr. Berry. The voice resembles that of a human being in great agony and pain, and can be heard at a distance of three miles. It never cries more than three or four times at once, then in quick succession, and at about midnight or an hour or two before sunrise. It very often is heard only once _ at a time. Be this as it may, those parties residing within three or four miles of the swamp are unable to rest at night time for its strange unearthly howlings, and assert it is an apparition raising its voice as a warning for us to avoid some im pending evil. Others assure us it is the cry of a large bird, and that it was heard proceeding from the same spot about twelve years ago. However, thero it is, and its cries are annoying and amazing to those in the neighbourhood. Lands and Public Works to acknowledge the re ceipt of your memorial applying for the town ana suburban allotments near Albury, and the land at the Eight and Twelve Mile Creeks to be put up for sale ; and in reply to inform you that the Government is fully alive to the im portance of the subject brought under notice py you, as to the demand for land in the neigh bourhood of the town in question, but that until the principle upon which compensation shall be made to the lessees of pastoral lands for portions of runs withdrawn from their licensed occupation for the purpose of being offered for sale, shall have been decided upon by the Legislature, the Government does not feel justified in putting up for sale lands which the progress of the settlement of the country demands should be taken from the Crown Lands. I have the honour to be, gentlemen, your most obedient servant, Michael Fitz- patrick. — To Walter M. Miller, Esq. ; J. J. Keating, Esq., J.P., and the other gentlemen signing the memorial." — 'Border Post. The Land Bill.— -A publje meeting was held in the , Presbyterian StyVPCjl-house, Mor- Seth, on Wednesday evening, to cpnsider the linisterial Land Bill. The room was tolerably well filled, snore than .100 persons bcing_present. Mr. Ling occupied the chair. .Resolutions con demnatory of the bill, apd a memorial praying for immediate dissolution of the Assembly, were unanimously agreed- to. Golf Playing. — Considerable astonishmen4 was manifested in the early part of the weeki by the frequenters of Hyde Park, at seeing ,a gentleman playing golt; more especially when it was known that he had laid a. wager that he would hit his, ball from the extremity of the park nearest Lyons's Terrace, over St. James's Church, in four strokes, a feat which he ac complished. Golf is a very favourite game in Scotland; but we are not aware that it was ever played before in Australia. As a manly exercise of strength, activity, and skill, we welcome the introduction of the game of golf to the southern hemisphere. — Era. Chinese Success. — The Gellert and City of Palaces have sailed for Hong.Kong with 20,145 ounces of gold, shipped almost exclusively by Chinese passengers returning to that place. They also convey considerable sums in gold and silver specie. There is no doubt among those who are best qualified to form an opinion, that large quantities of alluvial gold are every week obtained by the Chinese diggers on the old fields. They seem to profit by experience more rapidly than their European brethren, instead of wandering about in small parties of Some stout men with stout hearts intend, in a few evenings to come, to visit the swamp for the purpose of ascertaining the nature of the being or bird which emits these strange and awful sounds. — Illavvarra Mercury. The Melbourne Herald of the 26th ult., has the following parrgraph : — The alleged card cheating case, to which we have upon more than one occasion recently referred, is likely to figure on the cause list of the next nisi prius sittings. A certain livery-stable keeper, it is said, gave a cheque to make it all right with the victims, in tne event of the initiated pro ceedings going off harmlessly, and this having been managed to perfection, the cheqne was presented, but payment had been previously stopped. The cheque is now in the liands of a third party, who has commenced legal pro ceedings for the recovery of the amount, which is something considerable." Quail v. Harris. — The following action for breach of contract, trover, &c.;, was tried at the Supreme Court on Wednesday, November 25, before Mr. Justice Dickinson and a jury of four. There were many issues upon the record, but the case turned chiefly upon one question : whether or not in an agreement for the pur chase by plaintiff from the defendant of a bullock-dray and a team of eight working bullocks, there had been a condition for delivery on a specified day. Mr. Isaacs appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Holroyd for the defend ant. The plaintiff being about to start for Yass, where he was to open an inn immediately, was desirous of purchasing a dray and team to convey his furniture, then ready packed. He had agreed with defendant for the purchase of a bullock-team from the latter for the sum of £70 and two horses. According to plaintiff, there had been absolute condition that the dray and team .should be delivered some three or four days afterwards. According to the defend ant there was no such condition. The bullocks were out at the time, and, this fact being com municated to plaintiff, the latter must have known that delivery within a reasonable time was all he could oxpect. Every effort had been made to. secure a delivery as speedily . as possi ble. There was . evidence in support of both these versions of the transaction. The bullocks and dray were not delivered for a week, al though delivery was in .the mean time insisted upon by the plaintiff. Defendant subsequently tendered a dlray and team, which plaintiff re fused to receive, because, as he stpted, a bull- stag," which he regarded as valueless, had been placed among the team. It was declared, how ever, on the other hand that this animal was equal to any other in the team. The money had not been paid, but the two horses had been delivered, and defendant had retained them. Plaintiff claimed damages for the detention of these horses, as well as for the loss of time and inconvenience to which he liad, as he declared, been subjected in consequence of this breach. The £70 was paid in the shape of an order upon Mr. Long, the wine merchant, which was taken, it was said, as cash ; but plaintiff prevented this order from being paid until he should have had the dray and bullocks delivered to him, while the defendant insisted upon payment, in cash, as condition precedent. There was conflict ing evidence upon collateral and minor points. His Honor having directed the jury upon the various issues, they found a verdict for the plaintiff ; damages, £120. The trial of this case occupied the Court until a quarter past six p.m. The Championship of the Turf. — Mr. Iliggerson, the trainer of Yeno, has accepted the challenge of Mr. Field to run a match at Launceston during the last week in February. Veno has been named as the champion horse. It appears from the Age that A-Lop, the Chinamau convicted of murdering his mate, is not to be executed. He is insane. Tub Tasmanian Land Bill. — This measure was still before the Assembly. The principle of selling, the lands on credit has been affirmed by the House. The particular clause involving the provision was the 23rd, and it excited consider able discussion! The Mereury says " After the debate was fairly opened, it soon became evident that the credit system would be adopted, as it was eventually adopted, by a majority of more than two to one. So far as liberality in payment is concerned, our regulations will outstrip those of any other colony. For town lots— suburban being struck out of the bill and included under this head— it is proposed to require 25 per cent, cash, 25 per cent at twelve months, 25 per cent? at twenty-four months, and the remaining 25 per cent, at thirty-six months dale from the day of purchase. Agricultural and pastoral lands, are to be sold on a credit of eight years. This is the principle adopted by the House; and there heed be no fear of its being shaken. We siucereiy trust that the most sanguine expectations of those who so slrongly supported the principle will be more thau realised by the result. Snake Bites. — We observe that in several of the colonial papers directions a e yearly given for. the treatment of snake-bites, and this yearly re petition is undoubtedly serviceable, both to those recently arrived who are often exposed to a dan ger they are not aware of, and to old residents by keeping them in mind of the precautions neces sary for preventing a fatal termination to such accidents. In one point, however, the directions sometimes given are defective and even daugerous, that is, when any remedy short of the actual de struction or removal of the part bitten is recom mended, such, for instance, as the application of Ipecacuanha pasto. One might as wall spit on the wound so far as any remedial effect is_ con cerned. By far the most common description of snakes in this district, and we believe in the colony generally, are the black and the brown, the bite of either of which, we are satisfied, would prove fatal to man in a very short time. We have known a strong and healthy hen killed in two minutes by the bite of a black snake six feet long. This variety, however, is less apt to bite, unless actually trodden upon, than the brown snake ; the latter is a most vicious reptile, and will, when suddenly surprised or pursued, tuin and attempt to bite where a black snake would only attempt to escape. The treatment we re commend should, however, be had recourse to in all cases where a person is supposed to be bitten by any sort of snake, for such accidents occur generally where the sufferer has not the opportu nity of examining closely, or the presence of mind to do so with the coolness necessary to as certain accurately the particular sort of snake by which the wound is inflicted. People do not ge nerally carry with them the various chemical re medies recommended to be used in such cases, but most people in the bush carry a knife, and with this the part bitten must unhesitatingly be cut out. It is not necessary to cut deeply, especially where the part bitten has been covered by cloth ing, as the largest of the veuomous snakes have but a short poisQn fang,— the eighth of an inch is about the extreme depth at which the subtle poison (the most minute portion of which pro duces such rapid and terrible changes in the frame of the strongest man) can be deposited. The most convenient way of cutting out the bitten part where the akin is sufficiently loose to admit of it, is to pinch up a fold of skin, including the little punctures, with the left hand, aud then to cut clean away the fold so held. Where this can not be done, as on the heel for instance, tie a handkerchief, string, or any ligature very tightly above the part, so as to interrupt the circulation of the blood through it, and then cut it out. Al low the blood to flow freely ; if water is at hand, wash the wound well, and lastly, as it is possible that the whole poison might not be thus removed, a fact that could only be known by its effects on the system, when probably all remedies would be too late, destroy the part around the bite by burning either with fire-heat, by a hot iron, or coal, or by powdered blue-stone, (the caustio most commonly at hand in the bush) oil of vitriol, hartshorn, or any other caustic that can be ob tained. Where the means of cutting out the part or burning it are not available a,t the moment, tie up the limb as before directed and so stop the ab sorption of the poison until it can be removed. If the bite be so situated -that even this cannot be done, (a! friend of ours once sat down on a brown snake), pinch a fold of the skin bitten tightly be tween the finger and thumb until assistance can be obtained. Whenever, in spite of all efforts to avert it, a part of the venom has entered the system, powerful stimulants must be used to counteract, if possible, its effects. Within the last tvvo years iye hve known four persons to be bitten by snakes, apd in one case only was rtiedi- cal assistance available in time to have been of any service. The plan recommended above (of cutting out. the part) wus used successfully in every case, and no ill consequence followed the injury.— Gtppt Land Guardian.' 