THE BENDIGO ADVERTISES, (iTnMsiu:n PKOOUICH8ION, OUR RIGHTS, AN!» ftJIK KKSOUKOfS* SJXDUUliST, .VOXDAY, iIlPxGHi, 1H07. THE VACANT SEAT AT CASTLTSMAINE. Mn. PyV.e's resignation of his seat for Castlemaine creates a vacancy which we should like to see well filled. Whatever may he thought of the maimer 'in which.the late member gave up his seat, there cannot he two opinions respecting the manner in which he filled it. It is due to Castlemaine—to the goldtields—and to the cayse of the I.iheral party in the colony, that his successor he worthy of him. We cannot but feci that we have a con siderable interest in seeing Castlemaine represented by men of independence and ability, It would seem that there is to be no lack of candidates. The old saying of "fools rushing in," ike,, is realised in this case. We have heard mentioned the names of Dr. Candler, Mr. Pearson Thompson, Mr. Pay liter a Castlemaine solicitor, Mr. Ireland,.and Mr. Sitwell, the new Solicitor General. Now, in Hie name of common sense, what could have tempted the Government to try their chance at Custlmnu'uie, and, of ail men, to bring forward a barrister unknown to the poli tical world. Do they indeed hold the electors at Castlemaine so cheap as to attempt to degrade that place into the position of 11 pocket borough of the GoTcrmnent? Have they grown so cuuiident of their hold over the country that they come for ward boldly to address a mining constituency ? Do they conclude that Mr, Pyke is a type of his constituents, and that, if the one was purchased by an Immigration Sub-agency, the other can be purchased by a promise that the trunk railway shall go through Castlemaine? We hold that .Mr. Sitwell's coming forward is aa insult to the elec tors of Castlemoine, which/if they are the stuff we believe them to be, llisy will' resent in the manner it deserves. It i3 not enough that they aro asked to return a member of a Government they put no trust in, and which they believe, in the natural course of events, to be hastening to decay, but they are asked at the same time to confer the highest distinction and the greatest trust upon a man whose name is hardly known to them, and who has simply 110 public character either for good or evil, save this da maging fact, tha1. he has stooped to accept what so many others have refused. Mr. Sitwell may be a gem whose brilliance has been hidden from view, and which will dazzle nnadmi ing world. But we have not the slightest faith in any such miracle, and we vefuso to believe that the virtue of Mr. Haines' choice, and a place in the Ministry, can impart to Mr. Sitwell qualities which he has never' shewn' that he possessed. Wc think that the country has a right to protest against the course the Government have followed in tilling up the vacancies in the Ministry. A noble lord once threatened that he would place his footman in Parliament. What lie had the .ser.se only to threaten, Mr, Ifeines performs with reference to the Ministry, into which he introduces gentlemen with about as much claim as the footman to sit in the House of Commons. He lias chosen to go out into the highway to pick up a Government. Let the electors of Castlemaine show him that they expect something more in a representative and member of the Ministry than a facility in accept ing office. Of the other candidates we have little at present to say. They are at best but nil array ofme diocreS, with the exception o'- Mr. Ireland. Next to Mr. Sitwell, Heaven preserve us from Mr. Pearson Thompson 1 of whom we have' a lively reeollcction, when he was one of the candidates for the representation of the Province. From Pyke to Thompson would indeed be ft full. Mr. Paynter is not known beyond the •'precinct's of Castlemaine, and we think ho would do'well to confine the exercise of his abilities'to that'sphere. Dr. Candler still"hovers about the political world; like a ghost on the bank of Styx, waiting, to bo ferried over into some constituency. These political studies cannot have been'finished yet, Doctor, and you 1 ad better " wait a little longer," Mr. Ireland did some service at the Ballaarat trials, and if wo could depend upon hie politics, we would lmve.no hesitation in recommending him. At all events, he is decidedly tlifl best of ths present lot. Has not Castlemaine: got . more fll'lJi)?!®. row» than fliorajwoi) or Paynter? . , f . : 