THE ECLIPSE. BY A LOUNGER IN SYDNEY. "High on her speculative tower Stood Science, waiting for the hour When Sol was destined to endure That darkening of his radiant face Which Superstition strove to chase, Erewhile, with rites impure." LEAVING Science, when she comes down from her tower, to tell what she has seen in proper scientific phrase, and gentlemen fresh from the study of the article "Eclipse" in their favourite Cyclopædias (What would our would-be savans do without those conve- nient collections of ready-made erudition?) to dis- course learnedly and with contemptuous pity of the superstitious follies of our ancestors, I mean, without any display of science or of learning--how easy it is to refrain from flaunting what we haven't got!--to strive to paint in words this morning's memorable sight, and chronicle the thoughts that it evoked. If you're waking, call me early, call me early, Bridget dear, was my poetical appeal last night unto my Hibernian handmaid; and Bridget, for a wonder, being early awake, I was called to see the-- \---------- Sunlight sheathed and gently charmed, Of all its sparkling rays disarmed, And as in slumber laid. Calling to mind how often I had been "in slumber laid" at the unsheathing of the sunlight, I felt almost ashamed to look the sun in the face before breakfast. It seemed so ridiculous in me, so rude to him, to be getting up at that unseasonable hour not to see him. An eclipse of the sun is a rare phenomenon, but so to most of us is his rising. I know that I only once saw the sun rise in my life. I was sleeping on the deck of the little Vivid-- darting through the calm summer waters, from Calais to Dover, swift and graceful as a mackerel--when I was roused by the gruff old steersman with a "Look at that, Sir! it's a sight, I'm thinking, you don't often see." The eastern sky, mottled with ruby-red, seemed sprinkled with roses strewed by the Hours in the path of the "bridegroom coming forth from his chamber." A segment of the golden disc was just above the waves, and as it rose in kingly stateliness, "unhasting, unresting" majesty, its dazzling glory, shooting horizontally along the sea, turned the water, as though in sacramental memory of its sacred Anti- type's "beginning of miracles," into bright, blushing wine. The blush vanished, but a thousand spangles glittered on the dancing waves; and the wheeling sea-bird's wing, and here and there a streak of cloud--left like a mountain snow-wreath on the deep blue sky--were bathed in brilliance--shone like burnished gold. The cliffs on both sides of the channel --waking, as it seemed-- drew back their veils of lavender mist, and smiled a sisterly "good morrow" to each other across the mirror that reflected their fair forms. And over all the sun glowed grandly beautiful, graciously sublime, as though it were the visible, all-seeing eye of God. Like a Persian, or Plato's child-man, I could have fallen down and worshipped. And yet a sight like this we might see almost every morning if we chose. "The science of an untutored age," says Ferrier, and the indolence of every age, add I, "passes by unheeded the ordinary appearances of nature; but our interest is easily aroused, our attention is readily enchained, by such mysterious portents as the earthquake, and the eclipse. She is blind to the common and familiar phenomena of light; she is deaf to the common and familiar phenomena of sound; she has eyes only for the lightning; ears only for the thunder. She asks with eager curiosity-- Quæ fulminis esset origo,-- Jupiter, an venti, discussâ nube tonarent? But she leaves unquestioned the normal or every day presentiments of the senses and the universe; she pays the tribute of admiration to nature's exception far more promptly than to her majestic rule." It is, however, "nature's exception," or rather widely-revolving rule, with which we are now con- cerned. The chimney-tops and gables are brighten- ing in the sunlight, as I dress, and the foliage above which they peer is bronzed by its red beams, and window-panes flash out like merry eyes. But when I reach my stand above the harbour, the sky is muffled up in clouds, with just a patch of watery orange in the east, faintly flecked with distant masts and yards, growing golden where the sun, like the High Priest entering the Holy of Holies, has passed within the veil. A sickly skimmer, like a memory of light-- the very ghost of dawn--plays on the leaden waters; wherein dark ships float motionless, circled with gloomy shadow. The city on the opposite shore, as its coverlet of mist is slowly rolled aside, has a raw, dreary, half-awakened look. St. James' steeple, for a moment tipped with gold, points like a finger to the heaven; but a huge chimney belches forth its smoke, and blots it from the view--meet type of the demoralising influences of city-life. Groups, silent and half-awed, like those Defoe has painted in his History of the Plague, stand looking up into the sky. Suddenly a gloom spreads through the air like ink in water. The stern out-cropping rocks beneath me put on a darker frown. The forge-fire yonder blossoms into ruddy light like a huge rhododendron flower. The church- bell ringing for morning prayers tolls dismal as a knell. The workman ceases from his labour, and stops his laugh and song. There is a wintry coldness in the whispering wind. And then "at one stride comes the dark." The sea turns livid--ghastly blue as the face of a cholera-victim. Houses and woods discharge their colour, and lie unseen beneath the fall of black- ness that with its lurid tawny fringe hangs over earth and hides the heaven. Gradually, like the look of life returning to the face of one who has fainted, light steals again over land and sea; grows momentarily brighter, and yet more bright. Nature has recovered from her syncope, and scores of cocks with their shrill clarions trumpet the advent of the second dawn. R. R. March 26th. 