THE . DEATH OF ESTHER. {From II. C. Andersen'* " To Be, or Not To Uet" Ho entered her'neat bed-room the walls of which wore covered with engravings. Esther was lying with her eyes closed, palo, with features expressive of exhaus- tion; the cold grasp of Death had already changed her countenance-for that she was about to hecomo bis prey, there could not be a doubt. Thnt face, yesterday so lighted up with smiles,''so' sparkling with intellect, so blooming with hen]th, how altered it wast ' The features wore sharp, the smile round lior mouth was a furrow, and under the closed eyes, hitherto so full of intelligence, was n dark blue linc. She opened her eyes, after a time, and looked about her; she perceived that Niels Bryde, was there, but it was only ns if through a mist that she saw him. He felt her breathing; it was ice- cold like the air in a deep, cold well in sommer time.- "Thank-you. for coming.'* said she; her voieo sounded ns if had como. Prom a distance "Only tell me, will it .be over soon? ; Science says that this is-"Death!-' said Nuls Bryde,, involuntarily and calmly-he was stupefied by this unex-', pected misfortune. .Everything seemed swimming round with him.. "And^Faith says," she.whispered, "it isi Life!"-she pronounced ' the last word'with emphasis, while she pressed.his hands in hers. , It was not a moment for conversation , not another word, was said. .Her eyes seem ed to sink deeper in andas when warm air passes over h figure of ice, it loses tts impressed shape,, thug annihilation passes over that form the soul's imago of beauty, her hand, became like rharblo, arid yet it grasped firmly. .".ItJg life!" These three words were the bridge between "To bc, or not to be" here, amidst, those who loved her. "She is dead I" sobbed her mother.! ".Dead!".was.echoed arpu>;d, but not uttered by Niels Drydc; ho had not that word on his lips or In his mind. ¡ Esther, in whom were centred his, happiest thoughts, she* tho bright, clear, living spirit, away- extinguished! Ex-' tinguished like a Aro, with nothing hut ashes remaining' ot her! Ashes that never moro.could be revived! No,! he could not entertain that'thought, could not ndmlt that; idea; ho felt convinced that sbo was not dead, passed for ever from consciousness and life into nothingness; Again he heard around him the wailing cry, " dead,' dead!'.'t Ha got up, silent and giddy; it seemed BS if the blood1 were about to gush from his'heart,, but not a tear was in his.oyo. »or could ho utter n word. Oh tho outside of tbq house he gasped fdr breath for a time, and in about a quarter.of on hourho sto'nl agaiti byth'e';bed of death; contem'plated. thé.'córpso, i it was hot Esther that ho saw, changed, strange, loy there a sonseloss, lifeless-body!" It was not that ha loved, not that he lamentad-she was.' away from him. j It is on tho departure in dei th of th"se who are dearest, to. us that the voice of, God speaks, most convincingly toj ?'tis Of eternal life, and meeting; yonder again. Niels felt this, i" To die; to sleop.. perchunco to dream," this idea triumphed over "Not to. bal" "She, sleeps, swoetly,"| said bur father, who bad till then stood still in speechless griof, as Niels Bryde also stood. "Sleeps!"'exclaimed; ; the hitter., almost without his . lips conveying a sound; sj " tho dead do not sleep!' The Now .Testament itself docs I- not call the dead the bleeping. Where is now that spark i ling intellect, that fountain of thought, that bricht;intcl-( ¡j ligence, that lofty longing after knowledge and truth-| I where and what?" His heart asked thc question, but jj reason had no answer. " What have the wisestin silages t discovered respecting the state aftor death? Nothing-j I nothing but phantasies, guesses, men's own imaginations! V Pindar, in ono of his Olympie,hymns of victory,,indicates i the abode of the good to bo iii a land of shadows, bofore 5 they arrive at the islands of the blessed. i In Plato's * l'hrodo.* freedom from the subterranean Î places is spoken of, and reaehin g brighter dwellings over I the earth. What do we learn from nil this? Ouly BO i much, that the heathens themselves had felt the dcsiro and ! need for something indefinite after this lifo. Tho dead { sleep," he continued; " thus the poets of our day sing! : How untrnet No; oven the dust that lies in the grave does not sleep, it becomes something; and tho soul-the true believing Christians, ai they are called,'say it ha« gone to the tranquil blessedness of Heaven. No! it cannot have, passed to mero roposol it has either gone to be endowed with far higher powers, or ir is extinguished! . Not to he.' No. o, that in an impossibility if God be all justice and lovel" His thoughts seom to whirl round and round till his hrain felt nlmo«t affected. Ha! what sound wns that? every ono heard it-thero pnssed .1 tone a musical note, as it were, through the ronni-biyhor and, bisher it swelled, and then it rliod away. What could it( ; be? ? "Only a string of tho pianoforte broken," said thc eldest sister. " Which string? The E string!" she snid,! as she stooped over tho instrument.'- " tv!- lather!" hoi exclaimed hastily ! and ho remembered what he had onco1 said in jest to Kpther. 'If I die first, nnd thero is an everlasting life. I ehnll reveal myself to yon. as a chord, or a tone.' Esther had taken np these words, nr.d now -ho who despised belief-he with whom proofs visible to Ithe understanding were needed for conviction-he became at that moment, the child of superstition. I This is psychological with many men,and has been ex- emplified in an old story about a man who determined! never to allow himself- to bo frightened; neither giant, magician, nor ghost caused him thesligliest apprehension;' but ono 6no morning, when he was suddenly awoke very! early by a flock of noisy crows, thut, flapping their wings.] flew past his window, ho actually felt that fear whioh hoi had never experienced heforo.- Tho Tintnral. thongh qnite straightforward, when it comes as a surpriso, has tho power of creating a degree of terror. 