-ftrfcgp tram liiirtl. THE SERVANTS WARNING. am married to a wretch who beats and kicks me like ' a.bxtfte, S o all over bruises on my skin from head to foot. Botteeiy eyes is black, you eee my nose is flattened to my face. Oh, that I W-S still a servant, and had never left my place! There I need to have my wittles regular, vegetables meat, ' Bread-and-butter, bread-and-clieese, as much as ever 1 could eat. Tea, and toast, and milk, and sugar, plenty ; lots of table-beer; What besides can any woman want ? "What foals we are oh dear! ' Now I'm that reduced by want my bones is nearly through my skin, 'Cause ray drunken husband spends my due maintainance on his gin, Then, wherein, if I was minded, I might feed until 1 bust, Now my meals is many a day a drop of water and a crust. Matin' beds and washia' tea-things, plates, and diBhes, then I thought Overwork and too hard labour; more to do than ser vants ought. Which I ofku of my Missus used to grumble and com plain, Now I sees how much more wiser 'ttron'd . have been for to remain. Harder my oncertain livin' now I finds it is to earn By my washin' and a mangle often nobody to turn. Then a little extra cookin' slavery I used to call; Now I slaves and glad enough of anything to cook at all. How mHch trouble then I thought it sometLnes bavin* to attend To the children, suchasd ess 'em, or put on their things, or mend! Little did I think to be with half-a-dozen of my own, Not a morlialsoul to help me, doin* for 'em all alone. What a stupe I was to listen to a suitor's flatterin* tales! Which an appy ome has cost me, an some wages, keep, and vails; Missus sue was right in sayin't "You'll repent your bargin, Hann." Spite of which 1 went and did it-marry in' the baker's man. By my fate all maids take wamin', which I mean don't warnin' give, In a hurry for to marry, comfortable whare you live, Far the wust of all bed-makin'-now you mark the words I say Is the sort of bed that I made, and on which I've got to lay. ADVICE TO OLD WOMEN. (OP BOTH SEXES.) Tour money will never be safe, Punch, declares, While you keep with it parting for rotten Bank shares; It more safe in old stockings or teapots had lain, Or In some carpet-bag or bos marked with your name. Not a bubble now bursts, not a bank fills to ground, But shows how directors keep robbing around: How the company's funds to their own use they take, Then suspend their cash payments, and scarce them selves make. Bscent cases in point clear as noonday disclose How accounts may be overdrawn under the rose; While the manager acts as a sort of head cook, And keeps the thing dark in his own " litile book." Now as long as subscribers are found for the soap, That the blowing of bubbles will cease there's no hope; So, old ladies, be warned, such investments forsake, And in safety your cash to Threadnecdlc-street take. THE MEMBERS' EABLT-CEOSDfG- ASSOCIATION". We are delighted to learn, and every reader of the newspaper will feel a corresponding thrill of joy to hear from us, that the early-closing movement is fast gaining ground in Parliament, and before long will receivc full legislative confirmation. Of this wc are assured by a clairvoyant gobemonche, who professes to have seen the rough draft of a bill, wfiicli he assumes will be brought forward under Government auspices as soon as ever Lord Palmerston has been returned for England, and will be en titled " An Act for the shortening of speeches in Parlia ment^ aud for the early closing of the mouths of the longer-winded members." Of this important measure, which as " time is money" will eflect so immense a saving to the nation, that all true economists must cer tainly support it, we believe that we shall break no con fidence by giving a precis. PBE AMBLE.-Whereas it is expedient that means should be adopted for the earlier shutting-up of certain long-luBged orators, and for afford i*g reli. f to the i ex porters and readers of debates, and facilitating the pro gressive course of u»eful legislation: EJTACTHEIH.-Be it tharefore enacted, that within five minutes from the passing of this Act, and thenceforth throughout this and every succeeding session, it shall not be lawful for any member, either of the House of Lords or Commons, to get up to speak when he has nothing to say, and, according to precedent, would occupy an hour or two or three in saying it. N r shall it be lawful for any rising barrister to rise more than sixteen times in any sitting, or to speak for the mere sake of hearing himself speak, or to hold a brief from the Government to talk against time, or otherwise to exercise hid voice in Parliament for professional or personally advertising purposes. And the Speaker hereby is directed to call to order any member who may break these rules, and generally to cut short any speech in which at least half a grain of sense be not discernible in the hearing, however it be capable of polish iu the papers. PSWALTT.-Any member who may be convicted of any of the above offences shall, on the first, receive formal warning, and on the second be banished to Bellamy's for the remainder of thesittingj a ticket-of-leave being granted him to return to vote in the event of a division. COMPENSATION.-In cases where extenuating circum stances can be reasonably pleaded-as, for example, where the offender is a Scottish grievance champion or a May noo111 monomaniac-the House shall beat liberty to sanction that he be allowed the compensation of a pri vate room and a reporter, to whom he may address the remainder of his speech and, if his family give per mission, have it printed ta externa (at his own expense of coarse). Bat to prevent tbe House from petting into public disrepute, two responsible sureties shall in each such case be found, as guarantees that the printing shsll be done " for private circulation only," and that no attempt shall afterwards be made to fret the speech in serted in any of tbe newspapers, even by paying for the cost of its advertisement. THE NEW ORACLE That which sreaks from the tripod-of which the three legs are Disraeli, Gladstone, and Cobden. THE PBEWTEB AND THE PAJ.ATE. The celebrity of the noble Premier has occasioned his name to be taken for the denomination of a new con diment, advertised as tbe " Falmerston Sauce," suitable " for fish, flesh, fowl, to .,&c.;" ihis is a sphere of fitness about as extensive as can well be imagined; for a relish which is good not only for fish, flesh, and fowl, but also for " &c.;, Sc.," must be equal in universality to salt, and superior to pepper. It must be adapted to all manner of things cxcept apples and a few others. Mr. Cobden and Mr. Disraeli should try Palmerston's Sauce, aud not have the presumption to offer him any more of their own. COFFEE-HOUSE CHABACTEBISTICS. Let an Englishman and a Frenchman enter a coffee house at the same time; the former will walk up to the fireplace, and the latter will stop at the first mirror. The Englishman lifts up his coat-tails, and warms his huge body, whilst the Frenchman, with equal warmth, sons himself in the looking-glass. THINGS THAT IT'S SETTEE TO BO. It's better to brew beer than mischief-to be smitten with a young lady than with rheumatism-to fall into a fortune than into the sea-to be pitted with a mother-in law than the small-pox-to cut a tooth thau a friend-to stand a dinner than an insult-to shoot partridges in stead of tbe moon-to have the drawing of an ariist in stead of a blister-and to nurse the baby at any tame in preference to your anger 1 XiEG-AIj DESTITUTION". The "eye of the law" has become so weak from the want of proper practice iu the different co-rts, that it is going to advertise for a pupil. ESTIMATES THAT VEB.Y MUCH BEQTFIBE SE DUCTION. Mr. W. Williams's estimate of liis own arithmetic. Mr. Gladstone's estimate of the Budget of 1853. Mr. Humphrey Brown's estimate of the force of im pudence. Mr. Newdegate's estimate of the patience of Parlia ment. Sir James Graham's estimate of his powers of humbug. _ And, Mr. Disraeli's estimate of himself^ and his poli tical prospects. FABEWELL TO THE FAIR ! "Abolitiok OF Gbbenwick FAIB.-We stop the press to announce, on the most reliable authority, that the battle is now won, and Greenwich Fair is abolished." -Greenwich Free Prett. Kichardson's ghost, loquitur.-" O now for ever Farewell the organ grind! farewell the tent Of Crown and Anchor 1 and those horrid "bores To nervous folk, the scratchbacks! O farewell, Farewell the dinning gongs, and the big drums, The speaking-trumpets, and th' ear-piercing shrieks Of kissers in the ring; farewell all fun, Lark, row, and spreeishness of glorious Greenwich. And O youbanjoed Ingins, whose hoarse throats The railway rattle rudely counterf. it, Farewell 1 That fellow's occupation's gone At Greenwich Fur who used to corns out strong." 