sporting intelligence. / ! :/c the ring../.- r u (From Bell's Life in London - ; ''The'Gbeat Fight for the Chaepionship AiiD -jS400 between tom SaTEBS and the' Tipton Slasher.— Seldom has it fallen to our lcit to describe an event of similar importance tbhkt now unider notice, which has been car- ried out1 from first to last with such good feel ing and manly straightforwardness on both aides as has been displayed'during the progress; of the match between Tom Sayers and Bill Perry, and' never, since the memorable affair. Between Bandigo and Ben Caunt, in 1845, has there 'been a match which has excited such general interest beyond the circle of regular supporters .of true old English boxing. Here was a man, 'the acknowledged champion of the middle' weights, boldly throwing down the gauntlet to the equally acknowledged cham pion of England, and daring him to combat for the title and reward to which for so long a time he had laid claim, without meeting an adVersaiy/of hiB own weight and inches daring enough" to deny his pretensions Not a sem blance of ill-feeling was there existing between tha men, and we are glad to state that through out, even up to the very contest itself, did they maintain towards one another the most kindly sentiments. The only matter at issue Between them was, whether a mail of 5 feet 8 inches, and 11 stone in weight, possessed of very considerable science, could contest, with ai ij chance of success, against one topping 6 feet by half an inch, and weighing not less than 14st. 61bs. The Slasher himself laughed at the idea of defeat, and stated to us his firm belief that on entering the ring he would, in addition to other advantages, be the cleverer man of the two. He said he had made up his mind not to run all over the ring after bis younger and more active opponent, but to take his stand at the scratch, and await the onslaughts . of . the gallant Sayers. This we (who" knew the bold Tom's capabilities) deemed a sound determination ; but how far the burly Tiptouian adhered to it on entering the ring will appear in the sequel. Sayers ako to some measure made us bis confident as to Bis intentions on the day of battle, and inti mated that he believed that the Slasher was perfectly worn out, and incapable of anything like prolonged exertion. He had fully made up his mind, be said, to keep him on his pins, and lead him about the ring, by forcing the pace uniil he should be so exhausted as to be somewhat hearer his own mark. He, like the Slasher, scorned the idea of defeat, and, from what we have:Beard, .felt such intense confi dence from the very day thamatch was made, that he invested almost every penny he pos sessed upon the result of the encounter. The excitement in all quarters increased week by week from' the time the match was made, anil in every sporting circle the match was made one of the great tliemes of discussion. The general feeling at first appeared to be that Say ers had, by bis victory over Aaron Jones, got above himself, and that his overweening con fidence would lead him into unexpected diffi culties, if, indeed, as was in many quarters an ticipated, the match dio not end in a forfeit on ffiis part. As the time approached, however, and it was found that both men were in active work, and evidently both meaning mischief, the doubts as to the match going on vanished, the on'y point remaining for discussion being the foolhafdiness of Sayers,' an'd the overween-' ring confidence of his friends in allowing the match to go on. The Sayers party, however, maintained their own Cpibioh, and' from first to last contended that the Slasher must be stale nhd out of practice ; that he- was destitute of : scientific acquirements, and so slow that any want of size and weight on the partof bis ad versary were" '-fully compensated for hy these .deficiencies. We believe tbey never refused to rake 6 to 4, and finally accepted 5 to 4 against iheir'peit ' \- - REMARKS. - " ; The account of this battle tells its own tale, land calls for scarcely any . remarks at our hands. From first to last it was evident that the Tipton Slashers star had sunk below the' horizon,-! and— that he was no longer " The Slasher." He must have felt from the first that, - barring -an accid nt, he had -not-lhe slightest chance. All his quickness and ac tivity had left him, and we could not help - thinking that his eyesight also must be failing, for times out of number did he lunge out and attempt to deliver upper cuts when Tom Snyers was far beyond his' reach,' and these blows were of such tremendous force that they must have tended to take much of the steel out of him. It appeared to us that from the very beginning he adopted a wrong principle. For a heavy, lumbering man, like himself, to at tempt to force the fighting, aud pursue a lithe, active -fellow, such as Sayers, was perfectly ridiculons, as_ he evidently ...felt towards the conclusion of the battle, and we should ima- giue that he must many times since have re gretted that he did not adhere to his original intention of awaiting the attack, and depend ing upon his powers as a counter-hitter to bring him through. That he did his best to please his backers, and to bring the fight off in his favour, cannot for a monrent be denied, l and that he took his severe punishment with I out a murmur was self evident. He has always I had the character of being: a game ,man, and I that character he will- carry- with .him into the- retirement which .must no.w :be his .lot. (We cannot believe he will' i have the hardihood again to try his fortune in the P.R.) He tells us that early in the fight he injured his right hip in one of his sudden twists to catch his opponent, and this materially inter fered witK his powers. Itis.to be hoped that at the joint'behefit of himself and Tom Sayers, announced below", "he will'be able to carry off with him such tokens of appreciation of his manliness as-will enable him to start- in busi ness and keep the wolf from, bis door for the remainder of his days. Tom Sayers fought strictly to orders throughout, and his coolness and judgment must have greatly enhanced his reputation among his friends. Some persons present commented upon his retreating tactics, and contended that this was not fair fighting, but as these remarks proceeded from the ene my's camp they are worth but little. Of course it would have been infinitely more pleasing to them had Tom stood and slogged away against an adversary of so much heavier metal until lie was disabled by a chance blow, but such a course would have been perfect madness on his part. How his jumping or running away could be called unfair, so long as he ...confined . himself within the ring, we cannot conceive. The ring is always constructed of a certain size for the express purpose of restraining the. combatants within certain bounds; and within those bounds a .inan has. a perfect .right, to: retreat and jump about as long as he likes, so' that he does not decline to face his opponent; and that Tom Sayers for one moment declined to continue the battle can hot by any one be maintained. How far his jumping about and exertions upon his'legs were advisable for his own sake is'another question, and wei aie in clined to think-that he might have "kept out of harm's way with far less exertion! and le- ;served rnuch of his strength against any linlook- ea-for contingency, had he restrained his peri staltic energies within more reasonable bounds! If the slasher had been younger and moie active, it is. not improbable that the gallant Tom would have found out to his cost, as the battle progressed, the benefit of Buch a mode of fighting. As it turned out, however no harm was done, and as he achieved such an easy victory, none of his friends can for one moment complain. That his retreating arose from any want of confidence is a proposition not to be entertained for a momeut. Never in .his brilliant career has he shown the white feather, and we feel assured that the only cause to which his method of fighting the Slasher can be set down, are caution, a desire to please his friends, and an extraordinary exuberance of animal spirits. As will be seen below, he will ere long have to answer the call of another aspirant to the belt; and we trust that when ever he again enters the magic circle, be will be as well up to the mark, and fight with the same manliness, good temper, , and desire to' sustain his hard earned reputation as he exhi bited on Tuesday last. The ring, throughout the fight, wais well kept, and. beyond the few vicisitudes con'-' nected with the voyage to the scene of action, we heard of nothing calculated, to mar - the pleasures of the day. We must now take bur leave of our readers, trusting we" have not wearied them by our long yarn, .which has- been spun out entirely for their " amusement, and in the hope, that in our next account of a meeting for the Championship > of . .England we may have materials to work upon of equal msrit with those upon which- our-labours have just, been expended. ' Another Candidate foe" Savers. We have received the following from "Caunt " Sir,— Unaccustomed as. I am to' public chal lenging, long laid upon the/ shelf as I have been. it may perchance startle tbe sporting world to learn that Ben Caunt is once more a candidate for the Championship. It is true ! that in the bosom of my family I would have endeavoured to finish a life peacefully that has been interspersed with many troubles and vexations ; but as an Englishman, as a veteran pugilist, as Beu Caunt, in fact, I can no longer endure that a middle weight should :hold that proud eminence for which I and others fought hard battles; and I. say they shall go no fur ther without proving to me in the ring that all the knowledge I ever gained in it was useless. Therefore, win or lose with Lanjtham, 1 chal lenge Tom Sayers for J02OO a side and the championship ; the contest to take place within six months of my forthcoming fight. My money, is ready at your office; anu I trust that this" offer will be accepted, in order that the world' may be as speedily as possible undeceived with regard to the merits of the much vaunted new school of British boxing. — Yours, obediently, .Benjamin Caunt. June -18, 1857:"" -Gaunt has left £10 in our hands to prove that he is ;in earnest. ; - - Tom Paddock again in the Field. — Tom Paddock is by no means satisfied that Sayers should win the Champion's Belt without a struggle, and he has therefore called upon us : to state that be can be backed against Sayers for any sum from j6 100 aside up to £500/ to light in five or six months.—: Bell's Life in London, June 21. "". Race between Camel and Freeholder A match for £100 aside; which has been for jsome time pending between Mrr Clarke's Camel and Mr. Milrick's Freeholder/ .came"dff on Saturday (August 22) on- the En.erald Hill course; in tlie pres"encefof; about:5000. specta- tois. The, course was in wretched order. The distance was three miles. Camel, who was the .favorite at starting, was ridden by T. Hayes, 'while Lang was entrusted with the manage ment of Freeholder. The latter took the lead, and maintained it for' about the first two miles, ( amel waiting closely upon. him, Hayes holding him hard. 7 At the end . of . the two miles the favorite insisted on taking the front ulace, which he did with great ease, and won in the same style, Hayes being quite unable to hold him in. About £500 is believed to Lave changed hands on the event. The start was effected at half-past 3 p.m —Argus. i Match between Gold- findeb and Fox- hunter. — A private match betwen these two nags was made not veiy many days since, originating in a little blowing as to the pace of Foxliunter.in "years gone by." On tbe spur of the moment Mr. Harry Yeend offered to back his gelding Goldfinder, at £50 to £40, to run the old borse a mile and a half spin, at 9st 101b each, to come off on Thursday last, and the challenge was as promptly accepted. On stripping, Foxhunter looked better than was expected, and several offers were made to take 2 or 3 to 1, but although Goldfinder looked blooming, his party would not venture such long odds. About balf-past three o'clock the rival nags came up to the scratch, the former being ridden by Mr. Yeend's groom, and " the latter by Joe Smith. Mr. Watson started them well together, the old horse get ting a lead of a length at the first turn, but yielding it at the top of the hill. Half way down the back stretch tbe chesnut got away four or five lengths, and maintained hi3 ad vantage to the turn home, when the roan made a gallant but vain attempt to overhaul him. In the straight running Goldfinder was let out a trifle, and won the race with compa rative ease. The time was not good, the ground being very heavy. — Bell's Life in Vic toria, Aug. 29. . ... Extraordinary Leap —We mentioned last week that the well-known old borse Fairplay, broke his back whilst following tbe Melbourne bounds, but we could not, at the time of writing, explain liow it occurred, as our nar rator, Nimrod's Ghost, merely saw the smash, and the pace was too good for inquisitive in quirers. We learn, however, from Mr. R. his owner, that Fairplay was carrying him away in his mouth at the unlucky fence, and that he rose eighteen feet (by after measurement) from the jump.' Although he struck the top rail, he Ididxot break it, but fell dead on landing. Mr? R., who fortunately escaped with a few bruises, statesit to he his opinionthat (be animal broke his back at tbe moment of this extraordinary spring, and not when topling over the timber. If this idea be correct, he is certainly the first SDOrtsman who ever rode a dead horse over posts and rails. — Bell's Life in Victoria, August 29. 