THE REPRESENTED UNREPRE- SENTED. HOWEVER painful the conclusion may be, it is not the less real, that a studious consideration of the proceedings of Parliament since its meeting for the present session, leads to a feeling of profound distrust towards our legislators generally. There may be good and disinterested men amongst them ; but it is difficult to say which they are, or to feel implicit confidence in any of them, under the severe trial of a great temptation. The conviction is forced upon us that it would be safer to consider that they are all seeking something something for them- selves something not naturally connected with possibly diametrically opposed to the duties which they have undertaken to perform for their respective constituencies. Say that in all, this has not been ex- hibited! Say that in some, it may possibly not exist ! But let us look at the weaknesses of selfish human nature which, have betrayed themselves during the last few months and while learning to subject each of our representatives to grave suspicion, most naturally and necessarily engendered, let us accord the tribute of a just appreciation to any one who may pass unscathed the fiery ordeal of the hour of temptation. Could we look into the innermost hearts of our public men, and discriminate motives with the utmost nicety of percep- tion, we should certainly discover two things. We should discover that no man, however conscientious, zealous, and patriotic, was, in the performance of his public duty, utterly free from any admix- I turn of selfishness. We should discover probably that no man, however sunk in selfishness and intrigue, was altogether devoid of any particle of the patriotic sentiment: It is a safe thing, then, to look upon all our public men as com- pounded of various proportions of patriotism and selfishness. As the one or the other predominates, so of course does that particular man become more or less admirable and trustworthy. If Mr. A. be compounded of ninety per cent, of patriotism and ten percent, of selfishness, te is of course, if suitably intelligent, a better man for public purposes than Mr. B., who has only ten per cent, of patriotism to keep in very feeble check ninety per cent, of hungry and intriguing selfishness. These properties vary through all possible degrees and proportions, and we must endeavour to estimate by the conduct of our politicians the proportionate admix- ture in each of these constantly warring and antagonistic elements. Further, it will be necessary for us to bear in mind another most material consideration. The development of the sentiment of selfishness will bear some proportion to the facilities afforded for its gratification. Our old system, under which all our principal officers were appointed directly or indirectly from home, and neither high place nor large emoluments were attainable by mere colonial effort, was perhaps more favourable to political purity than our reformed system, which throws open the highest honours and emoluments of the State to every bidder. There are advantages in the" change, of course, which far counter- balance the disadvantages we allude to, but in our estimate of the probable motives of men, let us never forget that the most valuable prizes are now tossed into the colonial wheel of fortune and that if our parliamentary gamblers become rather desperate in their throws, they have only recently become accustomed to the hope of winning such heavy stakes. There are a few questions that at the present crisis, and by the light of recent transactions, we wish to ask the constituencies. Are they sufficiently aware of the use which may be made of the opportunities afforded by them to ambitious or self seeking men ? Are they conscious that Parliament may be degraded into a mere workshop for the elaboration of designs for the self advancement of the men who go there, pledged to attention to the interests of others, not of themselves ? Have they watched with sufficient closeness for the possible change of bearing between the budding politician appearing as a candidate at the hustings, and the full- blown representative upon the floor of the House ? Do they always keep properly in mind the frequent combination of large professions with very little performance ? Does it present itself to them as a conceivable contingency that the man of ten per cent, of selfishness to ninety percent, of patriotism, may be found to be changed by the pressure of a great opportunity, to the man of ninety percent, of selfishness to ten per cent, of patriotism ? We confess that we have been very much shocked at perceiving how large is the number of our parliamentary men, who already, if not yielding to selfish motives, have at least shown themselves amenable to considerations of individual advantage. We are really sometimes inclined to think that if any man went into the Assembly and called out " who wants " an office of 500 or 600 a year ?" about one-third of that august body would answer to the call. Let him raise his offer to £1,000 a year, and another third would be placed, dewy dç.tfmlrat, as far as their constituencies were concerned. Let him say £2,000 a year, with contingent addition , of power and patronage, and, alas 1 what proportion of the last third would remain staunch to their promises or their clients ? Before Parliament had met a day, the Speakership was a prize thrown into the arena, and Messrs. Gnnrmí, MuitrHr, and GREEVES, either intimated their willingness to accept the office, or avowed themselves openly as candidates. Nothing dis- honourable in the Speakership, we shall be told ! Certainly not, but although perfectly honourable, to a certain extent com- promising the interests of a confiding con stituency ! A day or two further on, and the Parliamentary " Quis ?" is held up over the Chairmanship of Committees another highly honourable appointment, ! but unhappily little compatible with strict attention to the duties of a representative. "Ego!'" however about Messrs. GREEVES, PYKE, SNODGRASS, ASPINALL,, and the well informed whisper even the name of the crystal DuFFY. Half-a-dozen sub-agent- cies of Immigration are thrown into the lucky bag, appointments about as lucrative as the situation of a cashier in a mercantile office, and once more Mr. PYKE answers to the call, accompanied by the incorruptible BLAIR ; with nobody knows how many others, discreet enough to keep their " little conversations" with the chief from reaching the public ear. The political 1 lot thickens, the ministry begins to better larger and larger prizes present themselves within the grasp, and O' Sue A NASTY, noKNi:, FOSTER, once more DUFFY, once more GREEVES, begin to feel the single of the itching palm, and to calculate the difference in their respective incomes of an additional two thousand a year. How many smaller spectres lurk in the shadows of these larger ghosts we cannot say. We look down the list of their immediate and most obsequious followers, and think that some among them may possibly be amen- able to impressions of individual advantage. We look disconsolately over what is left of the immaculate sixty and oh j what a wreck is there ! Electors ! four must surely be easily pleased, or you have been mercilessly bamboozled at the hustings ! These gentlemen may be looking exclusively alter your interest, but they have lamentably the appearance of keeping a very sharp watch upon their own! But stay! What is this gem which gleams so brightly amidst the surrounding darkness? A man who will not take a place even of the highest value ! One man,-two,-three ! MICHIE, M'CUXLOCH, MOORE! Oh, admirable alliteration of miraculous morality ! Three men, who according to the gospel of ST. O'SHANASSY pass through the fire of temptation, the very Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego of our political fiery furnace. These exemplary men decline office-But why ?-" From private reasons !"-'. The pressure of private affairs !" So then, amidst a House deserting their constituents, and accepting profitable employment more or less for private reasons, these the sole remnants of a purer state, decline office from the same ' cause! How is the ten per cent, of selfishness and the ninety percent, of [ patriotism to be settled in this case ? And if these also have deserted us what have we left of the original Parliament? " Where are the ninety," we used to ask before any of these gentlemen were elected ! " Where are the ninety" now The subject is one for the careful con- siderations of electors. As the selfish element gradually predominates, so must perfect representation cause. As soon as a gentleman begins to think of represent- ing himself, he is sadly apt to ignore his representation of others. The two things may not be necessarily and diametrically antagonistic ; but they are very apt to be so and in those delicate balances between duty to constituencies on one side, and affectionate regard for number one on the other, it is pretty certain which will be likely very often to kick the beam. We have seen so much of this ill-disguised self-seeking since the meeting of Parliament, that we cannot too strenuously urge upon the public generally the most vigilant attention to this phase of our political career. In spite of the most liberal constitution in the world, I the represented may be almost entirely I unrepresented after all ! 