CHURCH OF ENGLAND ASSEMBLY. THE following is the letter of the Bishop of Sydney, I referred to in a leading article in this day's Herald : REV. AND DEAR SIR, Having recently been in communication with several of the clergy upon the subject of a Church Assembly for this Diocese, I find that important differences of opinion christ, especially amongst the senior members of the clerical body, with regard to this question. Before I proceed further in a matter of so much moment to the Church of which we are ministers, and I may add to the country in which we live, I think it desirable to ascertain from the clergy the views they entertain on the questions I now submit to them. In addressing you upon this important subject, and seeking to be guided to a right judgment concerning it, I desire on my own behalf and yours, that the Holy Spirit of wisdom and of love may so direct and sanctify our thoughts and acts, that the GOBDCI of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ may have free course and be glorified in this land. From the period of my appointment to the See of Sydney, I have regarded the establishment of a Church Assembly as a question requiring the most careful consideration of the members of the Church of England and Ireland in this colony. I have no wish to avoid the labour and responsibility with which this subject is invested, but I cannot think it wise to involve myself in its acknowledged difficulties without those advantages which time, observation, and experience alone can give. It may possibly appear to some, that since the year 1852, a sufficient period has elapsed, and that we should immediately take up the question as it was then left. This has been done in the dioceses of Melbourne and Adelaide; in New Zealand measures are now in progress which will, in time, result in the formation of a Church Constitution in Tasmania, deliberations have recently commenced in the diocese of Newcastle, nothing has been done-the same must be said of Sydney. In our case, however, it should be borne in mind, that for nearly three years subsequent to 1852, the diocese was without a Bishop, and that the practical evils arising out of this state of things had in the first instance to be remedied. It was obvious, that if the Church of England was to maintain its ground in this country, the first thing to be done was to supply the Crying want of clergymen and schoolmasters. With this view, the Church Society was formed, by means of which, and by funds obtained in England, and from other sources; I have, under the Divine blessing, succeeded in obtaining the services of twenty-five additional clergymen, ten schoolmasters, and two cate 'chiSts. The Church Society being cordially and almost universally supported by the clergy, and very generally by the laity, has thus far, as will be seen by the report, accomplished the design for which it was established ; under any circumstances an organization of this kind was indispensable, but it would be a misapprehension of my own views and of the Views of the friends of the Church Society to suppose that it was ever intended as a substitute for a Church Assembly. I certainly think that under the circumstances in which I entered upon my episcopate, the former was the more needful and in this opinion, I believe, the great majority of the clergy and of the laity concur and I also regard the consolidation and extension of the Church Society's operations and the adjustment of our educational difficulties, as having more pressing claims upon my time and attention than the formation of a Church, constitution. The course which upon mature consideration appears to me to be the wisest and most prudent to adopt, is the following. I propose, if God permit, to visit Melbourne in the spring, and to take counsel with the Bishop of that diocese, and also to communicate with the Bishop of Adelaide on this subject. The Church Assembly of Melbourne and the Diocesan Synod of Adelaide are framed upon essentially different principles. One appeal to the Legislature to give the sanction and authority of law to its enact- ments ; the other is satisfied with a mutual compact between the Bishop and the Clergy), confirmed by the execution of a trust deed. In New Zealand, also, the latter principle is adopted ; but a fundamental regula- tion is introduced, which does not appear in the other constitutions. This is " the Vote," to be exercised by the Bishop at his discretion a power claimed by my Right Reverend predecessor, as one of the inherent rights of the Episcopate. Upon these and other points of great importance, I desire to confer with my Right Reverend Brethren, and to reap the benefit of their experience. If thus should seem to some of the clergy to cause unnecessary delay, I believe there are others who will agree with me in thinking that the time so occupied is not realty lost, and that we shall be more likely to reach the end in safety, as WE wisely and circum- speedy mark the way by which we are to attain to it. My own impression is, that in the formation of the proposed Church Assembly, we shall gain much ad vantage by the opportunity for deliberation, and by the experience which a longer delay will afford. But, as you are equally interested with myself in this subject, it appears to me desirable. that I should frankly communicate to you my opinions upon it, and invite the expression of your own in-return. - i I beg, therefore, to propose to you the following questions : 1, Do you think it desirable that immediate steps should be taken to summon the Clergy and Laity of the Church of England to a conference upon the subject of a Church Constitution ? Or, at 2\. Do you consider it desirable to allow further time to elapse, in order that enquiries may be made and information obtained as to the first mode of proceeding ? I am aware that in 1852, when similar enquiries were made, the laity of the Church of England were consulted, and valuing as I do their co-operation I shall be glad if you communicate to me the opinions of, any members of your congregation upon this subject, to ge- thor with their names. i In conclusion,.! earnestly invite you to unite with me in prayer, that we may seek and obtain the wisdom which cometh from above that the gift which the risen ( and ascended Saviour has purchased by his atonement may be poured out upon us, even that Holy Ghost the Comforter, by whom alone we can be guided into all truth and purity and peace, to the glory of our Heavenly Father, and the union and edification of the Church. t j I remain, Reverend and dear Sir, I ' ! . Jo i I.' Your faithful servant in Christ, , i F. SYDNEY. "ul 'Sydney, June 28. 