LONDON STREET LIFE. A few days ago Mr. Henry Mayhew delivered a lecture in the Brighton Athoeneam on "The Oddities of London Street Life." I» tke •ovti* of hh Iretare he ia»roi«efil kta audience to the Punch and Judy man, «rho, he said was a dark, pleasant looking man of about £0, who disclosed to him (Mr. May. hew) a few secrets of his profession. He waB formerly a gentleman's footman; but he adopted the business for "mouejr gains." When first he took to it be cleared from £2 to £3 a week, he and his partner. He felt it somewhat derogatory to oetuc from a footmuns's place to such a career; still " Punch and; Judy was a trade," he said, which once rook to cannot be got rid of. If you enter any other situation, the boys would see you and cry out "There is Punch behind the counter serving theeustomers " (Laughter) The performance had to bs varied to suit two classes of persons—the comie and the senti - mental. The comic people liked him to kick, up all the games be could; but to the sentimental he nad to perform very steadily, and leavo out all the comic words and business. They would have no ghost, no coffin, and no devil, and that's what be called spoiling tlie performance altogether. We regarded the earnings, the snowman said he could obtain £5 fer weeks running, and had taken as much as £2 10s a day; but now Si a day was <he most that could be made, and that had to be divided between the "man in the frame," and |the " drum|end pipes." when the show is set down, the dram and pipe play up, and when they get Sd, they' bolt but long pitches" eonsist of half-an-hour's performthc records of whieh average Is. Punch's audiences were next scrutinised. Boys were a great nvisance. They would follew the show for miles, would get into the best places, throw their caps into the frame, pick holes in the baize to peep through; and " cuss'em," added the roan, "they hav'nt a fsrd'n to blesB themselves with." (Laughter.) Nurses were no goti, for even if the mothers gave the " little dears" a penny, they would take the money away to buy ribbens. Soldiers again were bad, for they not only had >o money, but, what was worse, they had no pockets. A street tlewn onoe told him (Mr. Uayhsv) that when his wife was cunfincd he jumped "Jim Crow" for IS hours in the mud snd wet of the streets, and he carried home that night to his alraeit starving family the sum of 16d. as the result of kis day's exertions. There was apoor old blind hurdy gurdy woman he once kne w. She had learut to play oa the hurdy-gurdy for a living. She callcd it a cymbal, the hurdy-gurdy was not its real name. ,"The cymball," she said, " is not hard to plsy sir, for King David played on one of those instruments. I first learned to play God save the King, theQueen that now is, sir." (Laughter.) When Mr. Smith was preparing bis Mont Blanc, he asked him (Mr. Mayhew) to resommend him a hurdy-gurdy player, and he mentioned this one, whose name was " Old Sairey." Be blind, she did not know what her pupil wanted to learn for ; but she imagined that it was for getting a living in the Btreets. Accordingly, she told him " to keep the leather well down over the cymbal, as the ha'pence were very liable to fall into the works." (Much laughter.) Some peculiarities of the street blind were next pointed out. There are at least 100 blind men and women getting their living in London, and £00 more in the provinces. The blind people like music, and as they can get their living iu no other way, they seek it by music. They perferred being blind, and when it was possiblo to restore one man to sight lie said to the surgeon, " Would you ruin me ?" The blind men always married blind women, saying they did not like " seeing women. They argaed that if " seeing men" had a hard matter to look after " seeing women," what would a blind man do r (Roars of laughter.) They were very and comfortable at homo. The wives love their husbands, and both love their children for they said " our children lead us about, and our eliliction makes them love us more.'' (Cheers ) 