Latest English Sporting News Abridged from Helft Lije in London, March 8. Ll VKRPOOL SPUING MEETING." An unpleasant chango in (ho weather taking place during the night, Wednesday was ushered in with rain, which increased as the 'day advanced, though «flor the hour of noon it "held up," and excepting one or two heavy showers, the remainder of tho day tu med-out propitious for the holiday folk, who, ns on former anniver- saries of this memorable event, mastered in largo' masses at Aiutrco, dense crowds, us usual, being; stationed ai tho most important leaps and favourite spots in tho steeple chase course. The latter presented little change to last year, except- ing that some of thc fields which wcro then grass were now plough or seeds, but, as stated in our last, in order to make it ns "light" ns ?possiblii, Mr. Topham took' tho precaution to novo thc principal portion hy the canal side, betwoeir» Valentino's llrook and the race course, harrowed. Tho little rain which fell during the night and morning was scarcely sufficient to chançe tho condition of the "going," but the jockoys universally complained of its being very heavy nnd tiring to gallop over. It struck us that thc general attendance on tho race course was not so large as usual, but within tho Stand and inclosuro it is questionable if it was ever so pond, though in tho late Kuri of Scfton's time, when the ti's tinline cavalcade used to nrrive from Cmxtetli. headed by tho well known yellow drag and nhesnuttcam, tooled hy his lordship, tho list of company was far moro extensive than tho follow- ing wh'eh, if time permitted, might perhaps havo been somewhat, extended, albeit including nearly all tho fashionable.) present, viz. the liarl of finwth, Lord Exmouth. Lord Covr-ntry. Lord Lincoln, Hon S. Wortley, Sir George Armytage, Sir l.ydstnne .Newman, Duko de Gr.immont, Baron Motinecove, Daron I .a Motte, Viscount A. Talon, Viscount Lauriston, Lieut-Col King, Captain Little, Captain Hoff, Captain NV. Peel, Captain White, Capt Dickson, Major Jennings, | Mr G. Payno, Mr Padwiok, ftc. The ring was formed early in tho inclosnrc, but, a« at tho Subscription Room in the morning, business was nnprecailently flat; and beyond symptoms of further declino itt Escape, and of advance in Minos, Hopeless Star, Emigrant, Tcddesley, nnd Jean du Quesne, added to an outlay of ¿100 on old Maurice Daley at 40 to 1 wo havo nothing to record. The ringing of tho bell shortly before two o'clock drow attention to the opening event on the card-a £50 Plate, for which Miss Harkaway was a'1 pot," and Lady Hercules (who extinguished her chanco for the Aintreo Plato the day bofore by running right ronnd the course beforehand) un easy winner. The Steeple Chase, the second item on thc enrd, waa fixed for throe o'clock, but it was nearly half past two before the numbers, exhibiting a field of twenty-eight, were telegraphed. Tho absentees from those "coloured" on tho card were Lough Dawn, Trembleur, Waterfall, and Harry Lorroqucr, but the only declaration was abi'Ut Lough Bawn, who was struck out at half past two; Black Swan had been scratched over- night at a quarter past eight Owing to tho lightness of the handicap, Tum Ollivcr S. Darl- ing, and one or two others were deprived of mounts, "Black Tom," after sovoro wasting, hav- ing failed to get down to lOst, to pilot Hopeless Star. During tho operation of saddling, tho usual interest was manifested to "take stock" of tho different competitors, and tho appearance of each was freely discussed Tbo backers of "Mr ! [uglies*« lot" had four strings to their how all flat racers-two of which, lîoraeo and Treachery never ran in a steeple chase before; but both thoir owner, mid Ben Lund, who introduced ano thor of the sumo category in Weathercock, ex- pressed themselves extremely confident- ut nil events of ' getting a pincel" Jean du Quesne's appearance was very different to last year, show- ing a most careful preparation -, and tho latter remark ulso applies to Encapo. Immigrant, old Maurice Daley, Hopeless Star, Teddesley, and Omar Pasha; wliiln Minos struck us as being somewhat "liphr." It will bo seen, however, that he" left otf first favourite with tito decided call of Escape, who "smelt fishy." Hopeless Star .ind Emigrant vero in strong demand at the lo-«*, anjl Tedtlosley. Jean du Qnesuo(or -'John- ny s Consin Him ivumui. uuu« U....1.-J. rather freely at our ({notations; but Omar Pasha and Weathercock failed to maintain their previ- ous prices. There was the usual marshalling in fr. mt of tho Stand after tho nrelimiiiory canters. and with Captain White and Mr Hibbard nt tiieir head, Ibo immense field proceeded nt a walk to tho starting field beyond the rnce course. Tho start was not accomplished without two or three failures, whon at precisely 26 minutes ofter the appointed time, tho eigiial was given, mid the race commenced amidst indescribable excite- ment, which was much increased owing to tho inability ta distinguish through thc dull atmosp- here the colours sufficiently to m.iko out the positions of the leading horses nnd favourites in tho race. Thc latter is described below as fully nnd correctly BS time and the difficulties of tho case enabled. Suffíce it therefore to sute that after Emigrant took up tho running from tho Irish hort-e ßarry Owen at tho bottom of tho race courso the first time, thc i^sno-bar accident -was novor in doubt; nor, in fact, does tho race present much opportunity for description, .is from that point Kniigrant mada al! the running al ii strong paco.-at times with a tremendous lead, which Boyce obtained by his clover judgment in taking a line of his own by the canal side each time in order to avoid the heavy land-disposed of tho "fiat racers" as they carno to him ono hy ono, oven after tho jumping was over, and won in gallant style by two lengths, thereby uumis tnkeably proving tho fallacy of the prejudice that existed in sporting circles respecting his "stay- ing." The "flat racers" Weathercock and Treachciy, nevertheless, obtained, as their owners predicted, places from tho judge, who, from some inexcusable freak, refused to award the honour to Westminster and Dangerous, though both deserving it; th» latter, in fact, was decidedly "third best" in the race. Furthor par- ticulars" will bo found elsewhere; but it may not be out of placo here to rofer to tho bad figure cut by each of tho favourites, of whom Jean du Quesne shone most prominent, running abnut as forward at thc finish as he did last year. Minos may be said to have been placed hort de combat soon after starting, through bitting his off fore . legs in jumping the third fence, as be went very "dicky afterwards, and pulled up very lame. The race-a regular "tailing" one throughout, owing to the grout pace atwhich it wan run-was marred by several occidents, which, wo regret to state, proved fatal to two of tho Irish lot, Alba- tross and Garry Owen-the former from burst- ing a blood-vessel, and the latter from a brokon back caused ly blundering over the identical "obstacle" whereat The Curate and Kiliane wero killed sumo years since. Their jockeys fortu- nately escaped unhurt. The result of the lace is unsatisfactory to the King, owing to the win- ner having been one of tho first horses backed for it, even before the entry and publication of tho weights. Emigrant is tho joint property of Messrs Hodgtnan and E. Green, well known bootmakers, both of whom win large stakes, and they wero warmly congratulated by their brethren of the Ring upon their success, to commemorate which, wo hear. Charles Boyce (who deserves evory creditfor the manner in which ho brought off the "good thing" by bi inging his horse to tho post in rare condition, and riding bim like an artist), has received tho handsome present of a thousand pounds from tho owners, and half that amount from a gallant baronet, a good winner on tho raco. Ben Laud and one or two of bis friends, un tl it, would have won a fortune it Weathercock had happened to hnvo popped his head in first¡ and it is rather galling that his ''pot" should bo upset hy a horse thnt ho sold nut of lils stable two years ago. Owing to the length to which our introductory remarks have already extended, we can only briefly notice the remaining items, the chief of whioh, thc Sefton > and imp (wherein tho backers of Mary "burnt their fingers") fell to tho lot of Sir Humphry, whilst thu All-Aged Selling Stakes was curried off by T. 1'. Cooko, who, at tho hammer, sub- sequently reolisod 37 gs to tho Fund. 'Hie Junior Soiling Stakes, having a couplo of entrlcB only, failed to produce n race, and '.thus termi- nated another anniversary of this memorable meeting, which was conducted by Air Topham and his son in tho most businesslike manner. Tho GKAND NATIONAL Snikrt,» CIIASB HAN- DICAP of 20 sovs each, li ft, and S only if do olarotl, with 100 added) the second to savo his stake; vf inners of any steeple chase from the time of delnring tho weights, once 61b nnd twiro or moro lOlb extra) nhout four miles; GO subs, 17 of whom declared. Mr Hodgman's b pr Emigrant, hy Drayton ? (h b, ) nged, 9« 1 Oil. ..... (U Biyce) 1 B. Land's b c Weathercock, 6 yrs, Sst i2ib.T..:. a T. Hughes' b m Treachery, 5 yr*. Ont.. 3 J. Morry's bk g Escape, aged, Hst'Jib O Mellish's ch g Minos, aced, I Oat 41b...... 0 Baron Monnecove's ch g Casse Cou, ased, IOst 21b . 0 J. Collpitt's g g Star of tho West, aged, . IOst. O Count do Cunchy's b g Jenn du Quesne, aged, IOst. O Andrew's b m Hopeless Star, aged, IOst 0 . Barnett's b li Freetrader, aged, IOst ... 0 CnpePs b g Little Charley, aged. IOst... O Col Dixon's ch g Onrry Owen, aged, 9stl21b. 0 ? T. Dayn's bg ITornihlow, ogod. Dst 101b 0 W. P. Wrixon's chg Squiro of Bonshnm, aged, Ost 8lb. . O A. Rice's b g Dangerous, aged. Ost 81b 0 Wright ns ch m Forest Queen, nged, Oat Sib. . Ö T. Hughes' ch m Red Koso, 6 yrs, 9st 8lb.;.. 0 Jennings'b g King Dan, aged, 9st Gib...' O W. Garnett's Midge, nged. Oat Gib ..... O T. Hughes' b K Romeo, aged, 9st Clb ... 0 J. Dennis' ch m Albatross, G yrs, 9st Gib O DuUo do Grautmont's b m .Sting (h b),6 yrs, Ost 61b . 0 Viscount Laurlston's b ra Lady Arthur, aged, Dst -llb. 0 Lawrence's b g Mnurico Daley, aged, 9st 2lti ... .... 0 Vf. Cowper's b g Omar Pasha, (h b) 6 yrs, Ost alb < . .i,.. O ílylton's b g Tcdilesley, aged. 9st. O Raxwoi tby's b h First of May, 5 yrs, Ost. 0 T Huglios' ch g Westminster, 5 yrs, 9st 21b (including 61b extra) . O Betting: J00 to 15 ngst Minos (tk),7 to 1 agst Kscapo (off), 0 to 1 agst Hopeless Star, 10 to 1 agst Emigrant. 12 to 1 ngst Teddcslcy, 100 to 7 ngst Jean du Quesne, 100 tn G each agst Omar Pasha, Romeo, and Little Charley, 20 to 1 agst Forest Qucon, 25 to 1 each agst Free Trade and Weathercock, 30 to I agst Garry Owen. 40 to 1 agst Maurice Daley, and 50 to 1 euch agst Dan- gerous nnd Sting. Tho start, which was preceded by two or mrco fallares, took pl.ico precisely at 20 minutes past 3\. As usual in such a large field, it was almost impossible, f-tom tho fact of their going away from tho spectators in tho Stand, nnd from the circumstance of thero being so many simllur colors, to distinguish positions correctly, nor, owing moreover to the wide front which tho lot presented, caused by some bearing to thc head- land on the right and others going straight ahead over tho seeds, were wo enabled, until they had somewhat settled into their places after jumping tho first two leaps, to make out tho leading division. This comprised Gorry Owen, «migrant, Little Charley, Dangerous. Albatross, Hopeless Star, Ca-so Cou, Jean du Quesne, Minos, nod Tedded cy; and nearly in tho order indicated they jumped Beecher's Brook, Kecapo lying in about the middle, with Mr Hughes' three, and Weathercock, Marice Daley, Squiro of Densborn, and Sting bringing up the rear. Weathercock, though he got nwny in thc front rank and lcd over tho first two fences, having lost ground at tho third, through something knocking him round and causing him to refuse. After rounding tho extremo turning Aug, Garry Owen increased tho pace and his lead very con- siderably nlso, and the effect of the funner was speedily apparent upon tho field, which thus carly presented nn extraordinary "tail." Ap- proaching Valentine's Brook, Boyce bore to the right and jumped it close tn tho canal hunk, whilst Garry Owen, Little Churluyl Hopeless Star, and in fact almost nil tho others took it higher up, and keeping straight on, had to cross the threo succeeding fields of plough mid sc*d, which " held" much more than might have been expected from tho little rain thnt had fnl'un. Emigrant, on the other hand, found it firm going along tho foot of thc canal bank; and the ad- vantage of his j lOkuy'o J.»i»Hnn ?»«<> »p|»r.nl ns nu icjuiucii the mnin body in the field boforo tho canal bridge, after jumping out of whieh and crossing the lane on to tho raco courte, hr headed Garry Owen and took up the running Tito paco non appeared to slackou n little, and, the turf affording an opportunity for sumo of thu stragglers to make up their Ice- way, two-third* I of tho field got upon much better terms withthu i loaders in thc run up to thu artificial bush fence near tho distance post, boforo renchinj: which ! Westminster emerged from the ruck and jumped it close behind Km grant, almost nlongùde of I Garry Owen. Little Charley, aud Jean du Qucsno," nt »hosa fleets followed a ruck of ac least a dozen horses "nil of a heap." Tn tho scrimmage, Korest Queen came into a collision with Star of tho West, hy which tho latter wax knocked over, though fortunately without injury to horso or rider. We regret, howevor, to have to record an accident of n. more fatal character which occurred just previously to tho Irish maro A lbatross, who when about half way across tho course, staggered so much that Meany jumped off, in order to learn tho cause, when ho dis- covered that the poor beast had broken a blood vessel, and in lo*s than a quarter of nn hour she died on tho spot whero she fell. It was an ex- citing race between tho two Epsom horses, (emi- grant and Westminster, up to thc artificial water jump opposite the Stand, which tho. former cleared about a length in advance; and at an interval of three or four lengths Littlo Charley went over third, closely succeeded by (almost in a body) Hopolem Star, Garry Owen, Jean du Quesno. Minos (who dropped his hind legs into tho wntor), Dangerous, Dangerous, Teddcsloy, nnd Weathercock, the Inst of whom hod gradually mada up his lott ground in the early part of the race. Clear of the foregoing, ot the hoad of the next lot came Escape. Lady Arthur, Romeo, Omar Pasha, Cas<e Cou, Treachery, Homiblow, King Dan, and Squire of Benshanv, and n long way in the rear of the ruck, tailed off an immense distance, tho two last to jump tho water wero Star af the West, who had been remonnted after his spill at the preceding fence, and Midge, the former of whom stopped altogether at "Proueed's lano". At this point Afinos, who jumped the water-jump liko a tired horso, nearly came down; and shortly afterwards, wo regret to state, another of the Irish division - Garry Owen-not only came to grief, but, like Albatross, "gave up the ghost." The horso breasted a bank with terrific force, rolled over into the next field, and broko his back. Ryan got a -'.'nasty cropper", but soon "picked himself up", apparently none tue worse. Emigrant having "put on tho steam" again after jumping tho water at the Stand, tho Gold bogan to lessen very materially beforo reaching Bcechor's brook the second time, and after rounding the turning-flag beyond oven tho front rank became "small by degrees and beauti- fully less". Kmlgrant jumped Valentine's brook at the sarao part as itt the first round, at least fifty yard» in advance, and his jockey "crowd- ing all sail" along the sound ground at the foot of tho canal batik, increased his lead to double that dixtunce, and as tho others kopt tho moro dlrcot line across tho fallows, their distress became tho moro-apparent every instant as tho intervals between thom increased. Doth Minos nnd Kscapo had boen in troublo for somo dis- tance, and after jumping . Valentine's Brook, the two favoritos. Hopeless Star, Jean du Quesnc, and I.ittlo Charley, were out of (he raco. As they dropped back, the "light d ivlsion", served by thoir "feathers", began to advance, mid Tedd esl óy, Dangerous, Weathercock, and. Treachery (na nour as we could mnko out) becamo tho. followers of Westminster almost in the order named, to the post and rails near tho Canal Bridge, where Teddosley fell, and re- mained so "perfectly motionless for nearly a quarter of an hour, that Archer thought hu lind broken his back. Boforo arriving at the inna Boyeo took a pull at bis horse, which lut up tho others, and on Ide retirement of West- minster niter landing on tho racecourse, Wea- thercock and Dangerous got upon closer terms with the teador. Dangerous, however, dropping hack before roaching tho last turn, left thc race to Kmigrant and Weathercock, and from that point, almost to tho distanco, tho two ran head to head, when Emigrant shook off tho light- weight, cleared tho hurdles without the slightest blunder, and galloping on with a clear lead, wou rory cosily by two lengths. Dangerous jumped .the " timber" about as far behind Weathercock, ruced bini for second money to tho lower end of tho encloca io, and was " third best" in tho race, but, ngt being persevered with to tho. 'end, Treachery and Westminster 'caught, him within . a few strides of the chair, nnd tho former, thongii nt least a'dozon length* behind Weathercock, obtained for .' Mr. Hugues's I-.t" tho barren ho- nour of third place from thc Judge, who refused, however, to award tho same distinction to- West- minster (fourth), and Dangerous (fifth), albeit tboy deserved it, inasmuch ns thura was scarcely J a length between tho three- nothing also being np with thurn" Jean dn Qucsno cantered in sixth, Lady Arthur seventh, and Forest Qucon eighth ; and the next lot paBt thu post comprised Casse Cou, Minos (who pulled up very lame from hav- ing hit his off fore leg at tho third fonco after stai ting), and Squlro of Bansham. The remain- der were stopped a long way from home, and Komco, First or Mny, Omnr Pimba, Little Char- ley, Hopeless Star, and liscapo walked into the endosara without going to tho chair. Him in lOmin Gsec. Nott value of thu stakes £1,115. 