THE WIDOW'S TALE: THE MURDER. I was sitting in .. the- window, working. It was a cold damp day in the late autumn, when those chill fogs of Novem ber are just beginning ; those fogs with the frost in them, that steal into one's very heart. It tvas a day when a visible blight is in the air, tvhen death is abroad everywhere, and suffering and crime. I was alone in. the drawing-room. Ellen was upstairs, and my husband, as I be lieved- in the city. But I have remem bered since, that I heard the hall-door softly 'opened, and a footstep steal quietly by the drawing room up the stairs. The evening Avas just beginning to close in — dull, gray, and ghostlike ; the dying day light melting into the long shadows that stalked like Avandering ghosts about the. fresh-made grave of nature., I sat: work ing still, at some of those small garments about which I dreamed such fond dreams, and wove such large hopes of happiness ; and as I sat, while the evening fell heavy about me, a mysterious shadoAV of evil passed over me, a dread 'presentiment, a consciousness of ill, that made me tremble as if in ague — angry at myself though for my follyv But, it Avas reality. It was no hysterical 'sihking of the spirits that I felt; ho mere nervousness or cowardice; it was something I had never known be fore ; a knowledge, a presence, a power, a warning word, a spirit's cry, that had SAvept by jne'as the fearful evil marched on to its conclusion. ' I heard a faint scream up stairs.1 It was so, faint I could scarcely; distinguish it from a sudden rush of wind through, an. opening door, or the chirp of. a mouse behind the wainscot. Presently, I heard the same sound again; and. then a dull muffl.ed noise overhead, as of some, one walking heavily, or dragging a heavy weight across the; floon I sat petrified by fear, j A nameless agony, Avas upon me- that deprived me of all power of action. I thought of Harry and I thought of Ellen, in an inextricable cypher of misery. and agony; 'but 'I could not have defined a line in my own mind; I could not have explained what it, was I feared. I only knew that it Avas sorroAV that Avas to come, and sin. I listened, but all was still again ; once onlyy I thought I heard a low moan, and once a muttering voice, which I know now to have been my hus band's, speaking passionately to himself. \- And then his voice swept stormfully through the house, crying Aviklly, " Mary, Mary ! Quick here ! Your sister Ellen 1 " I ran uip-stairs. It seems to- me noiv, that I almost fleAV. I .found Ellen lying on the floor of her oavu room, just inside the door;', her feet towards, the door of my husband's study, which was immedi ately opposite her room. She Avas faint ing, at least I thought' so then. We raised her up, between us; my husband trembling more than I ; and, I unfastened her gOAvn, arid threw water on her face, and pushed back her hair ;, but she did not revive. I told Harry to go for a doctor. A horrid thought was stealing over me ; but he lingered, as I fancied, unaccountably and cruelly, though I twice asked hum to go. Then, I thought that perhaps he was too much overcome, so I went to .him and kissed him, and said " She'Avill soon be better, Harry," cheer fully, to cheer him. But I felt in my heart that she was no more. At last, after many urgent entreaties, and after the servants had come up, clus tering in a frightened Avay about the bed, —but he sent them away again imme diately, — -he put on his hat and went out, soon returning Avith a strange man— not our own doctor. Thid man was rude and coarse, and ordered me aside,, as I stood bathing my sister's face, and' pulled her hand and arm roughly, , to see how dead they fell, and stooped down close to her lips— I thought he touched them even — all in a violent and insolent Avay, that shocked and beAvildered me. My hus band stood in the shadow, ghastly pale, but not interfering. It was too true what the irian had said so coarsely.' She was dead. Yes; the creature that an hour ago had been' so full of. life, so beautiful "so - resolute, and so young, . was now a stiffening corpse; in animate and dead, without life and with out -hope. Oh ! that word had set my Brain on fire I Dead: .here; in iirjr house; under my roof— dead' so mysteri ously, so' strangely — Avhy ? Hoav ? It was a fearful dream — it'wasno truth that lay there. , I was in a nightmare ; I was not sane ; and thinking how ghastly it all was, I fainted softly on the bed, no one knowing till some time after that I had fallen, and was not praying. When I re covered I was in my own room alone.' Crawling feebly to my sister's room, I found she had been Avashed and dressed, and was noAV laid out on her bed, It struck me that all had been done in strange haste : Harry told me the ser vants had done it Avhile I fainted. I knew afterwards that lie had told' them it was I, and that I Avould have no help. . The mystery of it all Avas soon to be unra velled. One thing I Avas decided on— to watch by my sister this night. It wa3 in vain that my husband opposed me; in. vain that he coaxed me by bis caresses, or tried to terrify me by angry threats. Something of my sister's nature seemed to have passed into mo, and, unless he had positively prevented me by force no other means Avould have had any effect. He gave way to me at last — angrily — and the night came on and found me sitting by the bedside, watching my sister. Hoav beautiful she looked ! Her face, still Avith the gentle mark of sorroAV on it that it had in life, looked so grand I She Avas so great, so pure ; she Avas like a god dess sleeping ; she was not like a mere Avoman of this earth. She did not seem to be dead — there Avas life about her yet, for there Avas still the look of poAver and of human sympathy that she used to have when she was alive. The soul was there still, and love and knowledge. By degrees a strange feeling of her living presence in the room came over me. Alone in the still midnight, Avith no sound, no person near me, it seemed as if I had leisure and power to pass into the Avorld beyond the grave. I felt my poor sister near me. I felt the passing of her life about me, as when one sleeps, but still is conscious that another life is weav- ing in with our own. It seemed as if her breath fell warm on my: face, as if her shadowy arms held me in their clasp, as if her eyes Avere looking through the darkness at me, as if I held her hands in mine, and her long hair floated round my forehead. And then, to shake off these fancies, and convince myself that she was really dead, I looked again and again at her lying there — a marble corps, ice-cold, with the lips set and rigid, and the death band beneath her chin. . There she was, stiff in her white shroud, the snoAvy linen pressing so lightly on her,— no life, within, no warmth about her, and all my fancies Avere vain dreams. Then I buried my face in my hands, andjwept as if my heart was breaking. And when I turned aAvay eyes from her the presence came round me again. - So long as' I Avatched her it was not there — I saw the corpse only; but Avhcn I shut this out from me, then it seemed as if a barrier had been removed and that my sister floated near me again. I had been praying, sitting thus in these alternate feelings of her spiritual presence and her bodily death, when, raising my head and' looking' towards the farther corner of the room, I saAV, stand ing at some little distance, my sister Ellen. I saw her distinctly, as distinctly as you may see that red fire blaze. Sadly and lovingly her dark eyes looked at me, sadly her lips "smiled, and by look and gesture too she shewed that she Avished to 'speak to me. Strange, I was not frightened. It was .so natural to see her there, that for the moment I forgot she Avas dead. ...... " Ellen," I said, "what is it?" The figure smiled. It came nearer. Oh, do not say itAvas fancy ! I saw it advance ; it came glidingly ; I remem bered afterwards it did not Avalk — but it came forward — to the light, and stoodnot ten paces from me. It looked at me still in the same sad and gentle way, and some how — -I do not know whether by thehand or by turning of the head— it showed me .the throat, Avhere were the marks of two powerful hands. And then it pointed to its heart, and looking, I saw the broad stain of blood above it. And then I heard her voice — I swear I Avas not mad — I heard it, I say to you distinctly — Avhisper softly "Mary!" and then it said, still more audibly, "Murdered." f And then the figure vanished, and sud denly the whole room was vacant. That one dread Avord had sounded as if forced out by the pressure of some strong agony. — like a man revealing his life's secret Avhen dying. - And Avhen it had been spoken or rather, . wailed forth, there was a sudden rush and chilly sweep through the air, and the life, the soul, the presence fled. I Avas alone with death. The mis sion had been fulfilled — the Avarning had : been given; and then my sister passed away, for her work with earth was done. Brave and calm as the strongest man that ever fought on the battle field, I j stood up beside my sister's body : I- un- j fastened her last dress, and threAV it back from her breast and houlders. I raised j her head and took off the bandage fromi round her face, and then I saw deep black bruises on her throat, the marks of hands that had grappled her from behind, and that had strangled her. And then look ing further, I saw a small Avound below the left breast, about which hung two or j three small clots of blood that had oozed up, despite all care and knowledge in the manner of her murder. I knew then she had first been suffocated to. prevent her screams, and then stabbed where the Avound Avould bleed imvarcUy, to show no sign to the mere bystander. : I' covered her up carefully again, and laid the pillow smooth and straight, and laid the head gently doAvn. I drew the shroud close above the dreadful mark of murder, and then, calm and resolute as ever I had been since the revelation had come to me, I left the room and passed into my husband's study. It was on me to iliscover all the truth. His Avriting table Avas locked. Where my strength came from I know not; but Avith a chisel that Avas lying on the table,! I prized the draAver and broke the lock. I opened it. There Avas a long and slen der dagger lying there red Avith blood ; a handful of woman!s hair, rudely severed froni- the head, lay . near it. It Avas my sister's hair !— that Avavy, silken, uncurled auburn hair that I had ahvays loved and admired so much. And near to these, again; Avere stamps, and dies, and moulds, and plates, and handwritings Avith fac-' similes beneath, and bankers' cheques, and heaps of leaden coin, and piles of in complete hank notes, and all the evidences' of a coiner's and forger's trade— the sus picion of Avhich had caused those bitter! quarrellings betAveen poor Ellen and my. husband— the knoAvledge of Avhich had caused her death. With these tilings I also saAV a letter, addressed to Ellen in my husband'shand- Avriting. ItAvas an unfinished letter, as if it had displeased him, and lie had made another copy. It began Avith these Avoids — no fear that I should forget them, they are burnt into my brain — " I never really, loved her, Ellen ; she pleased me only as a doll Avould please a child, and I married her. from pity, not from lovo. You, Ellen, you alone could fill my heart — you alone are my fit helpmate. Ely ivith me, Ellen, — ." Here the letter Avas left un finished, but it gave me enough to explain all the meaning of the first Avceks of my sister's stay here, and why she had called him villain, and Avhy he had told her that she might tell me, and that I' would not believe. I saAV it all noAV. I turned my head to see my husband standing a few paces be hind me. Good Heaven!. I have often thought Avas that man the same I had loved so long and fondly ? The strength of horror not of courage upheld me. I knew he meant to kill me, but that did not alarm me — I only dread ed lest his hand should touch me. It avos not death, it was he I shrunk from. I be lieve if he had touched inc then I should have fallen dead at his feet. I stretched out my arms, in horror, to thrust him back, uttering a piercing shriek, and while he made an effort to seize me, over reaching himself in the madness of his fury, I rushedby him, shrieking still, and so fled away into the darkness, where I lived, oh ! many months. When I woke again I found that my poor baby had died, and that my husband had gone, none kneAV Avhere. But the fear of his return haunted ' mc. I could get no rest day or night for dread of him, and I felt going mad with the one hard thought for ever pitilessly pursuing me — that I should again fall into his hands. I put on Avidow's Aveeds — for indeed ajn I too truly AvidoAved! — and then I began wandering about ; Avandering about in poverty and privation, expecting every moment to meet him face to face ; wan dering about, so that I might. esoapeTthe more easily when the moment does come. —Dickens's Household Words. French Gold. — A specimen of gold sent from Approuague (French Guiano), has just been analysed at the school of Miues, Paris. The nugget was long, with many cavities containing hyaline quartz, The angles were rounded off, but it presented no other sign of haviiig been rolled along by the waters for any length of time. It weighed 33.605 grammes (more than an ounce), its aualysis showed that it contained 7.00 of silver, and 91.10 per cent of gold, being little more than the proportion of silver found in the nuggets from the Arataya and Courrouaye which were received last year, the proportions being respectively 6.3 and 3.6, from which it appears that these nuggets belong to strata very different to that of Approuague. Obtaining Motive Power.— P. A. Fontaine- Moreau, Paris, provisionally speciGed an in vention which cousists of an apparatus with treadles, Avhich, when actuated by the feet of one or more men, put in motion a fly wheel and pulley. The power thus obtained may be transmitted by any suitable means. The ap paratus is composed of two standards, upon which are mounted in suitable bearings a shaft | provided with a fly wheel and pulleys. At the middle of the 9haft is a spur wheel, gearing I "with and receiving motion from another wheel I placed underneath, whose axis works is bearing i on a central standard. This axis is formed with I two reversed cranks. To each crank is fixed a t chain, or band, fastened at the lower part to a ! treadle, consisting of a lever working on a ful- crum at the centre. The two lever treadles are ! placed opposite to each other, and their arms ; are connected together by crosspieces, upon ' which the feet of two men opposite each other : are placed, who, by giving an alternate ascend ing and descending motion to the levers, actu ate the cranks, fly wheel and pulleys. Instead of two levers, or any suitable number, according to the number of men, that may be employed. Chinese Barbarities. — The following are the modes , of execution and punishment in this land, so blessed with a mild government (?) ac cording to the evidence given iu the late de bates in the British Parliament. But we ask, how a ferocious and inhuman ? First, there is the wooden cage, which consists of two large pieces of wood fitting into one another, and having three openings, into which the head, or the head and a hand, or the head and both hands, according to the severity of the sentence are put. This punishment is so se vere — for the wretch condemned to it has to sustain on his shoulders a weight of 200 lbs., without any possibility of relief — that it is cer tain death, if inflicted for more than two or three days. Next comes beating with bamboo canes — a process which sometimes kills after 15 blows. Then flaying, crushing limbs, and tearing out the tendons of the feet. Strang ling and behcadiag are the capital punishments to which may be added — though, it is said, not ofcened practised — the penalty by which a criminal is placed between two boards and sawed in two from head to foot. Starving to death is sometimes practised, the culprit being buried in the earth up to the neck, and there left ; or he is fixed in the wooden cage and fed with daily diminishing rations of rice till he dies on the last grain. In 1S46, 4000 persons were beheaded in the province of Canton out of a population of£),000,000. As Mr. Meadows, the interpreter of the English Embassy in China in 1852, saw at Canton which he after wards described. The criminals were insur- getns who had fallen into the hands of the Tartar officials. The place of execution was a low room, from which the heads of persons previously executed had not been removed. A fire of sandal wood burnt before the shed where silt the mandarins who were to superintend the executions, and interposed its fragrancy between their nobility, and the stench of the decomposing heads. The criminals were brought in, some home in baskets, and tumbled out on the ground, where they lay paralysed with fear, or from tha effects of torture inflicted during their imprisonment. They were placed in order in kneeling position, with their faces towards the ground, a man standing behind each, and grasp« ing him .tightly by his bound hands. Another, in' case of resistance, seized the queue ; and pulled in the opposite direction, to keep the neck extended. All being thus prepared, the executioner camo forward, a common sabre his weapon, which lie held with both hands, stand ing with his legs somewhat apart ready for the, word. In three minutes 33 bodies were head less, all but the first completely severed at one blow. From one to another the executioner leaped his body and sword acting with the pre cision of a machine, aud dealing a death blow at every jump. One criminal remained ; and for him a more awful doom was appointed. He was a man. of powerful frame, in the prime of life, and had surrendered himself up to the officials to save his wife and family, who were in their hands from the torture. They took and bound him to a wooden cross. The flesh was then cut from his forehead, breast and ex tremities — a horrible process —which occupied rive minutes, and was yet rapidly performed. The unhappy man was then taken from the cross and beheaded. - — Illustrated News. 