MKinoim.Ts: xxujvx noiita». ' Bv.NiunoD's GiiosT. SxTunbXt.— Watering-pot looking clouds overhead, and oceans of mud underfoot, woro by no means tempt ing visions for tho most entlnisia3tio lovors of the chaio, and tho customary gathering attho Cheltenham .Hotel; on FrHav oveninc. wa3 therefore but limited. . . Saturday morning broke moro auspiciously than could havo been expected, and tho Master mustered his field at sharp sovcu, to try the fortunes of tho day. Aftor being mounted: some delay occurred from waiting for oxpootod stragglers ; but as they did not Bhow up, tho hound j woro trotto-J.on to tho usual kangaroo cover. Scarce a quarter of an (hour after being thrown in, the scont of a long-tailed 'nn was hit, and the pack Bottlod on it with tho united determination to got their break fast as Bpoedily as po3siblo. With a beautiful ohoriu of music they dashed away at a morry pace, ruuniu^ a half circlo back toward) Cheltenham, and tho welkin ro souudo'l with thoir echoing cry. Lucky was it for two or throo late airivnla from Molbourne.'who wero 'boating about tho bush,' huuting tho Master, that tho direction was in thoir favour, and tho harmony so audible, for they managed to join iu t'io vory first bunt. ? A lively gallop of about h ilf-oii-hour, with an activo scont, pro mised dpsodily to bring us to a viow, when a chock oc curred through some vory wot ground. No sooner did iho houiids thcow up, than Mr. Watson noticod. a fivourito to bo limping, and jumped off his hor.10 to oxamitio its foot, in which ho found a Ion; thorn; whilst extracting it, 'Nuggot,' a now .? huntor ho had out for tho first timo, took it into his noddle' to have a gallop ou his own account, aud mado ft cleau bolt. Sovural horao lnon Btartcd in immediate pursuit, hut tho littlo 'divil' doubled on them like a hare, occasionally charging like a wild bullock, and managed to Btcor his way to hia pre vious night'a quarters, with his red-coated followers in cIojo attendance. Tlio cliovy and roturn occupied aomo time, nor did it put thoso who romvuod bohind in tho best of humours at a promising hunt boing so abruptly .topped. Aa tho minutes stolo by, wo began to doubt whothor tlio absentees could find tho »not wliero thoy hal left us ; and as tho runaway had tho horn on his saddle, wo could givo no Bound of our whereabouts, n Buddon cold wind having sprung up in a wrong direction to ronder tho most stentorian ' coo-n !' available. To render his associates in sorrow t!io moro rovewo of good humoiirotl tho Master declared his opinion t}l)o that Nugget nnd Co. woro .nuiotly availin'' theiMolvcs of their propinquity to the I'ub, and indulging in bottlod Bass. This insinuation was just hroediug indignation ia tho thirsty region balow tho heart, when 'piuk' ap pcarod amongst tho distant troes, and istue was toon wined. To cast around for our former quarry would havo beon but wnsto of time, so fresh goino waa nnmodi atoly Bought.' In a inimo3» scrub, tho pack feathered most suspiciously, and it waa ovidont a jumper had beon astir. Whilst oagorly waiting for a whimper, a beau tiful doo sprang from her lair, and 'Tallyho' was lustily shouted. In a 'braco of Bhakoa' tho darlings woro laid on, and wo atroimod away, with only trivial chocks, for somo four milo3, whon a nasty, wot, boggy conntry interfered with our sport. AY 1U1 tho utmost pa- . tionootho Master ehoorou Iho pack on to piok up tho faUing trail, and, with happy judgment, gavo thorn oc- ., casional lifts. 'Doalor,' especially, diBtingmshod him self by his porsovoranoa and truthfulness ; but, just an bettor gronnd loomed boforo us, a fresh kangaroo jumped up before tho pack, and they rattled after him likomad. Back wo turned to tho region of water and bog, and for nearly two hours woro led a diaagrooalilo dance from ono , wet cover to another. A more thorough ' aorubbor ' never teaaod an irate field, and more oloso-working per- , Boverauoo novor was oxhibitad by a pack. ' Wo m-iut kill tho varmint,' said Mr. Watson, 'bo as not to bo ? served out by him another day!' and his honnds needed littlo seconding in their ondoavonrs. But ? labour aud skill woro futilo on such cold, wot soil, and with a wind tint frozo up nearly every yard of Bcent. With ill-suppressad growls, thoroforo, furthor - attempt* wore given up, tho p»:k called together, and . a halt waa callod fir tho usnal ' calumot of peaoo.' Vast- ,' aiied BandwichcB, whioh on such occasions aro disiutombod in various degrees of smash, from tho pookots of tho hungered sportamon, wore then eagerly discuBSod, until, ovory ono having' forgotten to bring a ' jiockot pistol,' ' tho Bufferings of thirst moved a speedy adjournment to tho nearest hoatolry on tho homeward lino. This port being happily att.iinod, and found to po3sess tho noodod porUr, all hands joggod quiotly liomo through tlio muddy 1 roads so carefully provided by tho District and Coutral BonrdB. ' ? No vory sorioua contretemps occurred during tho day, savo that ' White Squall1' rolled ovor a log fonco, though ' not ovor his rider, and another white 'un rolled a somersault down hill whilst bis master was not taking heed. A visitor, also, who waa passing his initiation in Australian vonory, was unfortunately loft ' Mono in 1uh glory' in tho middle of the bush, from his hono having (shut up with him, and wo all 'felt Borry for his misfor tuno. Tho Ma3ter,'c3pecinlly, expressed his regret at a stranger having to find his way through thostrango bush : but what was his good-natured Burpriso, on reaching his own home at St. Kilda, to find tho lamontcd young goutleman quiotly oujoying a glass of whisky- , toddy in tho parlour 1 Good work, too, for a novice, savR tho Ghost. . TUBSDAT. — A miserably wot forenoon. held out few .' inducements to the patrons of tho 'open moot,' and tho group of horsomon aBsomblcd before Mr. Dunnctt.'s Greyhound Inn waa small compared to tho average of publio days. 'Tis trao, that by two o'clock tbo sun chased away tho watery clouds which hadbcon discharg ing their vapours on tlio Bliivering mortals bolow ; but the' chango camo too lato to allow wavering fan- woathcr sportsmen sufficient tiirn to ? rig - out in boota and brooches. After a long delay for expected arrivals, the hounds woro taken towards tho boach, whero a warrigal was sont adrift with tho customary law. GrievoiiB to rotate, tho animal doclincd showing any fun, preferring to seek the friendly shelter of the first verandah cottage ho reached, than to trust to speed and dodgery. Another ' bagman,' however, was in close attendance, aud ho led tho field n danco which quite satisfied them with hia running abilities. Ho led tho pack a wide circlo round tho swamp and across tho. Dandonong road, finally besting his pursuora hy being first at the kennels. A couple of spills occurred, but no harm accruod boyond ' dirty mugs.' 