STUDIES IN ?HERALDRY.-THIS LAND QUESTION. ' ' No rpiosllon 1H BO Interesting to our English' readers as that which rotates to tho disposal of our waste lands.' It may be laid doun a» souled, thut the upsot prioo of £1 por aoro will not be disturbed, j lu victoria nnd South Australia no party han oxprossod any desire for chungo, and, except in a few rundam propositions on tho hustings, nono In Now South Wales hos dolinltoly domanded lt.'* * * Tho English oreditor,'whoso soourlly is partly in tho land fund, may tliuroforo roly that this upset prloo will rumaln untouolied. * » . Vostod rights will bo doubly Imperilled by permitting thom to obstruct what is evi- dently demanded by tho hi ghost uecosslty. . Tho GoTurnment must at nil cost extinguish such rights ns opposn tho scttlomonl. of tho country.-Loading artlolo, Sydney Morning Ilcrnlil, April 0, 1857. 'TÍB with " Heraldry " OB with genius. A single glance can penetrate the most abstruse subjects, For instance hore is tho land quostion-one of tho most importunt and most difficult of our publia questions one which . complololy dumbfoundored the Parker .Ministry, and whereon they found it quito impossible to legislate in any way throughout tho late long session-to avoid whioh they had recourse to tho raostdeplorablo shifts and woful ovasinns-and whose touch nt last like a torpedo's seemed to paralyze nil thoir faculties, reducing thom to utter prostration and imbecility-hero it is-in its most perplexing aspect, that which has roforonce to tho minimum price-settled for us off-hnnd in a few pithy sentences. That awful and mysterious porsonnge, " the English oreditor," BO often held up as a bugboar to colonial infants-is her« by tho magic of .. heraldry" suddenly brought to reasonableness, and an it woro adroitly mesmerised into thotough security and satisfac- tion with things in general. Aftor this how superfluous is all discussion-of what uso is further legislation ? It really makes one regret that tho business of responsible government had not been ontiroly confided to tho Herald without tho troublesome intervention of a Legisla live Assembly, and ubove all of nn Opposition. Certainly to the ordinary human mind, uninitiated in Heraldic mysteries, tho Editorial reasonings are far from conclusive. A large amount of faith is nooessary-a comploto suspension of " the critioal spirit of incredulous reason," tobring thc balance of our bowildorcd facultios to anything like a just equilibrium. Tho dogmas of tho Herald must be received liko Pagan oracles, as only tho more authoritative, the moro they exhibit to our im- perfect judgment tho appearance of being obscure, unin- telligible and contradictory. These internal evidences of inspiration, seldom or never wanting to tho mystic pages of the Herald, are accumulated to nn amazing extent in tho article beforo us. Its oracular contradic- tions absolutely overwhelm tho ordinary understanding, and the alarming interrogatories that inevitably arise therefrom goad us to despair. " How," asks ono CIUSB of wretched unbelievers, ' it may be rather tinged with conservatism, or its colonial semblance, " How can tho English oreditor " rely " on tho assuranoo of the Herald -how can ho possibly rest satisfied tbnt bis rights will remain intact, if " tho Government must at nil costs oxtingiush such rights ns oppose tho settlement of tho country. Bights thoro aro"-tho ordinary human mind supposes-"suporior to all material considerations what- soever." But what if u popular majority should take it into thoir heads that tho "rights" "of thu English oreditor" *' opposo tho sottlomont of tho country?" And tho ordinary human mind, uninitiated ns aforo3uid, sinks under tho tremendous difficulty. Queries, and objections of a different sort would, with considerable BIIOW of reason, be propounded by n class antagonistic to tho above. Thoy would pronounco tho " Horaldio " method of reasoning to bo altogether fallacious and would oven deny thu premises on which many of tho above deductions appear to bo founded. Tho rijjhts of tho English creditor it lins boen shown nra altogether annihilated by the Herald. But this seoond olnss of objectors would not go so far. They would admit thu inviolability of contracts. But they would deny tho " rights" of tho English creditor, or of any othor creditor, to interioro with tho legislation and financial business of tho colony, wholhor ns roimrds tho modo of distribution of Crown lands, the quantity distri- buted, or tho terms on whioh they might ba disposed of to intending sottlors. Tho objections hore referred to might bo arranged undor tho following categories : . 1. The State has no absoluto property in-is not, Btriotly spanking, a proprietor-of tho publia lands. Those nre held in trust by Govornmont for gouural usos, chiefly fur purposes of settlement aud distribution, or, in other words, nf colonization. To this end all others must clearly hu hold subordinate. On what grounds tho« cun be inferred the right of any Govornmont to nuthoriso n mortgage of such hinds, particularly for tem- porary purposes ? And bow can tho notion of any such mortgage bo otherwise than a fallnoy, and on absurdity, ns regards tho right« of public creditors, who in f.ict lend tn tho State on the Hcomityof its general credit, and not af any particular portion of tho proportyit holds in trust? 3\. But supposa snob n morlgaga valid, how is it to be mudo oilVatunl ? How could it be unforced under a general failtiro of pnblio credit, or in casu of repudiation y a popular majority (willoh Gad forbid!)? Boforo whnt Court nf tho colony, or of tho British Empire, could so prodigious a cause bo curried ? il. But again, granting, for tho saka of nrguinont, that suoh n mortgage could bo mada both valid and effeuillai, does it follow therefrom that " tho English creditor" has any right to interfere with colonial Government nnd legislation ? How cnn " thu English oruditor" claim to roRulato tho salo or disposal af the property to which ha is told to look for lils security, solong ns his debts are regularly paid, and the liabilities of tho mortgagor mndu good at tho stated periods? Suroly it is limo enough to talk of tho " English oreditor" stopping in and interposing his' authority, when tho inlorost on oolotilal debentures in found to bo not forthcoming, and soma general prospect of insolvency aalls upon thu morlgageo to foreclose PROMETHEUS. IiU'iioviJMENT« IN TUE VICINITY OV IIIHÜOIJ.HTUEBT. We nra nlu.il tn portielvo that preparations aro being mada fur tho erratum of a suito of oapaolous warehouses nt tho corner of Bridgo-slroot, over tho Tank-Btrenm. Tills in a portion of tho atty which has hitherto boon rathor baokward so far as regarda buildings, hut wo liavo no doubt, now that n aommenoomont han taken pince, several othor permanent and valuable improve» monts will be made. i* 