"INGENIOUS JUGGLING." About three months ago a gentleman now holding an honourable and influential position in the G-ovemment of this colony entertained a dinner party witii an address, admirably combining the utile et dulce, or, in plain Eng lish, the practical and the amusing. On that occasion the hoa. gentleman to whom we refer, succeeded in raising a little political capital at the expense of a body of men whose position in society he aimed to'render as ridiculous as possible. Amongst ctibss fieHles Mid com parisens the tricks of a juggler were referred to. The orator said--" He remembered, wliea he was a boy, bong taken tosee smug gler, who, amongst other tricks, was throwing up and catching a number of plates. Ho was exceedingly dexterous »rith them, and in some way or other he contrived to keep up nine plates in the air at once. That was Tery inge nious, no doubt; but if their worthy landlord, when they were all hungry an hour ago, had sought to amuse them fey tossing np or balanc ing the plates, he questioned whether they would have accepted his skill as a substitute for their dinner. Yet that was -very much how the lawyers served them when tlicy wanted to sell their land or to raise money upon it. Instead of plain simple sense, they showted them some ingenious juggling." We presume that our readers will already huaro identified the Hon. R. R. Torrens as the author of the quotation just given. But who is now exhibiting tlio "ingenious juggling ?" Who is now tossing «p the plates in the air and dexterously catching them? Who is now endeavouring to cheat the expec tations of the people by showing them "his skill as a substitute for their dinner?" Who now acts the part of a political Suuo Samco; keeping, not plates, but placet, dexterously spinning in the air, persuading the people con trary to their common sense, and proposing political sleiglit-of-hand as a substitute for practical legislation ? The newly-appointed Cliiof ?Secretary says that his Law Reform Bill will not be a G overn ment measure. Wo presume, for ono of two reasons-first, because it is not of sufficient im portance ; or, secondly, because the Chief Sec retary has no legal assistance in his Govern ment to enable him to mattufo and carry it. For one or other of these two reasons we arc compelled to suppose that the Ciiief Secretary has consigned his darling Bill to the whirlpool of waifs and strays, and we shall now consider to what extent either of these reasons is tenable. First, we may suppose the Chief Secretaiy refuses to make the Real Property Reform Bill a Government measure, because it is of com paratively trifling importance. To test his views on this subject it is only necessary to refer to the hon. gentleman's speech delivered in the Theatre just prior to his election, and to his subsequent address delivered, at Salis bury, in support of the candidature of Mr. Bi. B. Andrews. In his address to the doctors of Adelaide on the 31st of January, Mr. Torrens entered at very great length into his* proposed plan for effecting a reform in the laws relating to the sale and transfer of real property." The hon. gentleman said, " H'ext to affording fair facili ties for obtaining possession of the waste lands of the Crown, and converting them into corn fields and homesteads of independent yeomen, it is the duty of tJie State to afford a cheap and at the same time a secure mode of conveying that property from man to man." The speaker then proceeded te develop his plan for giving cheap, intelligible, and valid titles to land; and in reply to a supposed objection as to cost, he remarked, 11 As the head, of the Registry Office, I assert, gentlemen, that I can do this work with fewer hands than I require for the present work of that office." But mark the difference between the late candidate for the City and the present Chief Secretary. A few months ago it was "the duty of the State" to effect the much-needed law reform; now it appears that the " State" has no thing to do with it, unless Mr. Torrens wishes to convey the idea that the Executive Government is no part of the State. A few months ago Mr. Torrens, " as Begistrar General," deliberately declared that the. adop tion of his plan would not only give cheap and 6ecure titles to the people, but that it would enable him to. reduce his staff at the General Registry Office-that he could, unSer the system he proposed, " do the work with fewer hands." But, hey, presto! the plates are spinning in the air, and the State juggler on the Treasury'benches refuses to carry out, as a salaried servant of the public at large, what he was so ready to promise as a candidate for popular suffrage. "We should certainly have thought that if the present Chief Secretaiy is, personally, of the same opinion with the Parliamentary candidate at the Theatre, that he -would feel it to be his imperative duty, as the head of the Executive, to insist upon such reforms in the General Registry Office as he has professed himself able to effect. Yet such is the weakness of " power," that the same gentleman who, on the 31st of January, whilst acknowledging " difficulties and objec tions," proclaimed his determination " not to be daunted," is no sooner elevated to office, and placed in circumstances where he is, or ought to be, in a much more favourable posi tion for carrying out his views, than he quails before an opposition which he has not mea sured, and is scared by the ghost of his own imagination. When acknowledging before the electors of Adelaide that there were difficul ties and obstacles to be overcome, Mr. Tor rens remarked that the present system was "intolerable;" and no one will doubt what he himself has put on record-that his election was mainly secured by his professions of zeal and fidelity in connection with that particular measure to which he now refuses to pledge either Crovernment, as a whole, or liis own individual office, as Chief Secretaiy. We have referred to Mr. Torrens's address in the Theatre with the object of showing that he formerly attached the utmost importance to the projected measure of law reform, and that his present refused to give it Government support cannot result from his regarding it as of inferior moment. We shall now show, by reference to the hon. gentleman's speech at Salisbury, on the 29fch of May last, that he at present enjoys, on the Treasury benches, precisely that legal aid which he was destitute of in a former Ad ministration, and the possession of which leaves him no excuse for denying the support of the Government to this important measure. On the occasion mentioned Mr. Torrens said: "He had, as lie had told them, laboured for years part to mature such a system, and now he was about to straggle in the Legislature to cariy his point. Bat he was alone there. (' No, no,* from Mr. Peake.) He meant he had no lawyer to assist him; and that was precisely the assistance he wanted, for there were technical details and difficulties which it required professional knowledge to overcome. He had spoken sometimes with lawyers on the subject; but they talked in the unknown tongue, and puzzled him Altogether. (Laughter.) They silenced him, and made him .look very foolish, though, all the while, perhaps, tbey^wSre talking gibberish. (Continued laughter.) He had soaght some time for a sensible man and sound lawyer, who would have courage enough to throw off the prejudices ot his crafty-one who both could and would render him efficient^aid. Be ielievei he. had Jbund tuch a man in 3fr. Andreas-(cheers)-and he asked the electors of Yatala to follow the example of the electors of Adelaide, and to support-not Mr. AndrewB, but the Real Property Law Amendment Bill. (Renewed checrs.) He had beeu told that it would be (bund un workable; but iu answer to that he would point to the Hansc Towns, where a similar system had been iu use for 600 years; for there tliey had never adopted the .feudal law, hut stuck to the old Saxon system. And he would point to America and Pruss'a, where similar sys tems were in partial operation. He had been called arro gant, ns an unprofessional person, foT attempting the reform of the law; but as no belter man bad come for ward, he had stood in the gap, and he would stand there still till he could carry out his object. (Cheers.) He was told he had undertaken a herculean task. He was aware of that; but it must be remembered that Hercules succeeded in cleansing the Augean stable, in which, by the way, there was no gTeater rubbish than might be found in our law-books. (A laugh.) And how did he cleanse it ? He turned a river through it. He' would turn the 'Torrens* through our law system, and perhaps the effect might be the same. (Continued laughter.) They had heard of the Gordian knot which could by no meant be untied, and which the hero eut with his sword. That wag what.tliey meat do with our entangled system of law. It could not be patched or mended: the very foundation was rotten; therefore it must 4# £ut away and a new system substituted, lake a blundered calcu lation on a slate, it was in too osach confusion fer cor rection, so he would take aepomgsaud rub the whale oat The leiy hiieks xtftlie oM JmiKfcig weM jwmtwS't fO be -mould pall every one of them aown ancUet up a. new structure." Where now is the political Hercules ? What does he now propose to do; now that he has the support of tliat " sensible man and sound lawyer" whose " efficient aid" would enable him to pull down every one of the bricks of the old perishing building, and to set up a new struc ture ? He flings away Iris club, and instead of the lion's sldn hangs a calf's skin on his "recreant limbs," abandoning to chance the measure which he formally regarded as essential to the very social existence of the colony, and to which he is unquestionably indebted for place and power. So glaring a preference of place before pledges we do not often see, and the extraordinary as sumptions of superior political integrity and honourable disinterestedness put forth by the Chief Secretary heighten, or rather deepen, the hue of the transaction. And what is the ex cuse proffered? Why, that as a private member Mr. Torrcns will have a better chance of carrying the Bill than he will have as Chief Secretary. A most extraordinary confession, truly, of Ministerial imbccility. Instead of strengthening his position by commanding the liclm of the State, the lion, gentleman virtually confesses that his position in the Government impairs his strength, and renders him less likely to carry a measure than he was be fore. If this is true, wo contend that all mea sures of great importance ought to be in private hands. According to Mr. Torrcne the Law Reform Bill is too important to be undertaken by the Government. The patronage of the Government would ruin it; the fondling of the Chief Secretary would suffocate it; the adhesion of the Treasurer would ''sink" it! Wo wonder why the same reasoning is not ap plied to the Gawler Town Hail way Extension Bill, and to every other measure of importance in the Government programme. If Mr. Tor rcns out of the Ministry is so much stronger than Mr. Torrens in the Ministry, we claim for all questions of public importance that " equal justice" which it appears is to be given to one Bill only. If indeed the support of the present Government jeopardizes those mea sures which are unfortunate enough to receive it, we hope that not only the Heal Property Bill, but all other Bills of important character will be introduced by private hands. 