SONNETS OF THE YOUNO POETS. I Among tue numerous publications called forth by (be ?Ute rapture with Russia, a small volume of " Sonnets on tho War," tho joint production of Alexander Smith and Sydney Dobell, was issued from tbo press, Som o of these sonnets aro of uncommon beauty ; wo select tho .fl», following;- ALMA. The Cbnasoiirs aproad like Uaroo from crag to oreg, Tho loworlng English sllonoo was anbroko: " Forward" sprung nil our columns, and a shook Of valour tliigiod lo tlio dancing flag. A wild ohoor drowned ibo cannon. Blind with amoks, Stumbling o'er rooks, shaltorod with sboll and sbot, Wo staggered on. Our lmnnor,-glorious rog, Ia dashed to earth,-from dying band» 'tia caught, Again 'tis foremost In tho »toro advance. - llurrah ! Wo BOO tho fuooB of our foes I A blindinggush of llamo, à rank goos down, A stirling vapour bidos tho bloody doss. Up spring! tho breozo ; and lo 1 ou Alma's orown Stand stornly-loworiug Engorad and flushed Franco. TIIE ARMY SURGEON. Over thal breathing waste of frlonds and loos, Tbs woundod and tho dying, hour by hour, In will n thousand, yet but ono In power, lío labours thro' tho rod and groaning day. Tho fearful moorland whore tho myriads lay »loved «s a moving flold of manglod worms. And as n raw brood, orphnnod In tho storms, Throat up their bonds If tho wind bond a spray Above them, but when the lmro brnnoh performs No aweet parental ofllco, sluk away With hoiioles« oblrp of wo«, so ns uti goa« Around bis foot In clamorous agony They risa and foll ; snd all the soothing piala Dubolos a cauldron vast of many coloured pain. THE CAVALRY CHARGE. We aionrn thora with romoraofal tendornosn, ' And yet, methinks, oar toara should bo dontod By a proud offorl. Whoa th dy to have died. What ls a littlo broathlng moro or loss t "Woe's mel onoh bosom was a Russian targe." " Who would not pay that priceless prloo to fool The trampling thundor und tbo blaze of stool Tho torror and tho splendour of tho charge 7" " In vain thal human thunderbolt was flung In vain 'twas shlvorod." " At the word they sprung In ono wild light of sword and gloaming corse. And at tho terrible beauty of their look Death stood dismayed. Jovo I ho» tbs oowards shook When on thom burst tbut hurricano of horso!" A STATESMAN. Captain bo ho, my England, who doth linow Kot careful coasts, with Inland welcomos warm ; But who, with heart Infallible, can go Straight to tho gulfstroam* of tho World, where blow The fnovltoblo Winds. Let cooklos swarm The sounded shares. Ho holms Thee, England) who Faced hy tho rory Spirit of tho Storm, Full at tho phantom drivos his dauntless prow t And tho' tho Vision rend in raoks of blood, And drip in thundor from his renting spars. Tbs compass ia bis hand, beholds the flood Ileneatb, o'nr-hoad tho everlasting stars Dim thro' the gory ghost; and calm in those, Thro that tremondous dream sails on to happier BOOS. 