HAYMARKET THEATRE, This Theatre (lato the Criterion) was ro-opened on Saturday evening1 to a very large atidiencc. The play was " Hamlet/' and we must do Hie manage ment the justice to say that it was very creditably put upon the Stage, considering- nil the difficulties attending a first night of oponing. The Itamlet of Mr. Warner is a very excellent piece of acting, which gives to this gentleman a very high position in the histrionic art. Although the play now and then flagged, Mr. Warner's acting, in spite of his being inadequately supported in many scenes, sustained the interest, and rendered the perform ance a marked success. Mr. Warner was a favorite on his former visit to liendigo, and ho will, beyond question, become a still greator favorite from the decided improvement lie has made. In many passages and situations we thought he scarcely cajpe up to the mark, but in most he evinced so just an appreciation of the author's meaning, and such a thorough identification with the character, as repeatedly to draw forth—not merely the loiul plaudits of the many, but the commendation of the thinking few. Misp Wernham's Ophelia was a quiet and good piece of acting; and l^r. Wolfe, as (he Ghost, was all that could be wished, if lie had only dressed better, and not followed the absurd custom of standing so close to the audience. Mr. Wolfe scarcely ifeeded tho prompter, for ho spoko the part well. The ballet was a complete failure, and should not have been attempted, if, as wo believe, neither music nor wardrobo was obtainable, and hardly any preparation had been made. It is only due to Madamo Garcia to say, that we recoived a note fro if j her on Saturday, deprecating criticism, as her wardrobe Uo-tJ i)ot come to hand. Wo observe that tho peifpripancp is to be repeated this oyening, and we hopo under better auspiecs. " ' The" Ovkns Constitution.''—The Constitution, BcecliWQrth paper, <m-es notice that at the con clusion of tho current quarter it will he jsjUCf} daily, instead of thrico a week as formerly. 