REVIEW. 1 (From the Saturday Review, Aitffust 8.) FINANCIAL FALLACIES.» . A. very curious collection of scarce tracts o subjects connected with the National Debt ht just been printed for private circulation b Lord Overstone, accompanied by short edi tori t notices, and a preface from the pen of Mi M'Oulloch. The papers selected were origir all published at various dates, from 1710 t 1818 ; and, with the exception of Hume1 Essay on Public Credit, and an extract fron Blaclutoné's Commentaries, which are insertei to give completeness to the collection, the; consist, for the most part, of tracts which though oï the greatest historical interest, wen fast falling into oblivion. Taken altogether the present volume presents a fair picture o the opinions, and, we must add, the delusion: which.prevailed during the last, century on th< subject of Public Credit and the National Debt The most remarkable fact which is brougbi into prominence by this publication is th< astonishing ignorance of the first principles 01 finance, and we might almost say ol arithmetic, which was displayed by thc most distinguised writers and statesmen who moulded the opinion of the country at large, and presided over our finances during the period in which almost the whole of the Na tional Debt was contracted. Not that thc series of tracts is one unbroken line of blun- dering and fallacy. On the contrary, there are some among them so sound in principle, and 50 clear in demonstration, that it is difficult to comprehend how the delusions which they ex- posed could have retained their hold to the extent they did, not only upon the popular mind, which is never accurate in such matters, but upon statesmen of unquestionable genius, who must from tho exigencies of their position, nave made the subject their especial study. The topic to which the greater part of these papers relate is that marvellous will-o'-tlie-wisp which was known by the name of the Sinking Fund, and which was pursued' by Ministers, Parliament, and the country at large for some- thing like a century, with a confiding enthu- siasm which was proof alike against the dicta )f common-sense and the teaching of expcri snce. The first sinking fund was established >y Sir Robert Walpole in 1710. The last was inally got rid of in 1829-so, at least, all sound economists hoped, though the principle >f a sinking.fund may perhaps be detected in. lertain clauses of the Acts relative to the Russian War Loans. Tho theory on which he whole policy was based was one which may >e refuted in haif a dozen words, and'which vas in fact refuted in an admirable little mmphlet by one Joseph Wimpey (the tenth in he present collection). But neither the nherent absurdity of tho theory, nor tho con- clusive answer which it elicited, saved the ieaven-born Minister from the universal nonomania which possessed all classes in the ountry, of paying off the National Debt with >ut putting their hands into their pockets. The ophism to which the sinking fund policy owed ts permanence, if not its origin, seems to have teen first propounded, in 1720, by Sir Nathaniel îould, who was a director of the'.Bank of Cngland, a member of Parliament, and an minent authority in commercial matters. The lews of tho city, as represented by Sir Nathaniel, rere contained in "An Essay *on the Public Debts of this Kingdom," which is. the third of lie series reprinted, by Lord Overstone; The ssay is replete with facts and figures, chiefly icaring on a matter of only temporary aterest - viz., tho question whether he National Debt had been actually increas ng or diminishing since the formation of the ¡inking Fund. It is by no means an inviting roduction ; for though " it has all the ap learance of "having been anything but easy witing, it is as hard reading as the driest lover f finance need desire. So far, however, as he Sinking Fund theory is concerned, the eader may venture to skip the greater part of Hr Nathaniel's pages-merely taking noto of a ather .hazy and diffuse assertion of the idea hat, by the magical effect of accumulation at ompound interest, almost any amount of debt night bo paid off. with scarcely any effort on he part of tho nation, even though the annual ixpenditure might in the mean time be too ¡reat to be defrayed without the aid of loans. The tendency of Gould's mind seems to lave been rather to particulars than generals,, md although he loads his tract with a multi- use of calculations to illustrate hi3 views, he íowliere enunciates his theory in a very ex ílicitform. This was not done till long after vards when Dr. Price, who is well known in con íexion with assurance calculations, took up the lubject, and stated Gould's fallacy with such idmirable clearness and precision that it is quito ncomprehensible how it could have survived a linglo day. At first, ono is almost tempted to tccuso tho calculating doctor of a fine vein of rony, and to suppos.e that in exhibiting the ar- guments of Sir Nathaniel Gould, whom he terms " a writer of great abilities," divested of the mystification with which they were origi- nally veiled, ho intended the more effectually to expose their absurdity.. But Price was not a man of this temper ; and tho pamphlet teems with passages showing that he had the most intense faith in his own arguments, and the strongest conviction that the nation could only bo saved from ruin by a policy based upon the theory which he proclaimed. With evident sincerity and with a curious enthusiasm in finance, he concludes by declaring that ho had writtoh freely tho sentiments of his heart, and that in discharge of his duty as a good citizen ho had given his country importont in- formation, which he rather desired than hoped, might not bo neglected. Tho wish, we may obsorvo, was gratified when Pitt framed his sinking fund on tho recommendations of Price himself; but tho chief interest which tho Doc-1 tor's concluding appeal has for us is, in tho evidonoe it affords of tho singular oarnostnoss with whiph ho huggod the fallacy ho had bor- rowed from Gould. Wo have spokon in such unmeasured terms of Price's theory that, in justice to tho momory of its author and his followers, wo must , state it as nearly as may bo in tho form in which it was advancod. The particle of truth on which I lt was built was this-that if tho-revenue were kopt up to an amount slightly oxceedingr.fhe j annual current expenditure pitta tho intorost on ArrePxAHTs.-Yes; these queer .leaved vegetáis, half, plant, half-fungus, hanging in their cradles of damp Btioks, or anohored mid-air on' some wire- hung blook of wood-always put mo. in mind of calumnies, Peter. Booted in nothing at all but some doad'bough, ,sena brandi out off and rotten-feeding on nothing at all bat air, tho nilrogertio exhalation of wholesome .plants around them-theso things notwithstanding, live end grow, and aro groen of leaf, and curious in flower, ey, and sometimes come to bear their own espooial poison fruits and seed for future generations. And BO with all this so frequent calumny, -born of a lie, nurtured by gossip, it clings a poisonous .living liohen to the falso hood that begat it, and neighbours watoh the oddness of its leaf, and tho monstrosity. of HB' flower, and nover (il:', tboy can' help it . anyhow) let tho queer amusing evil ? creature die I TIio stinking wonder of. tho greenhouse musn't porisli, and shan't, if their, tongues can help tho jnatfir. . It was lord Melbourne, I think, who gave parliamentary recognition to lita dread .as premior of the power of falsehood; OB a lia is not.o thing to bo despised; let every man in wisdom and in calmness answer calumny on ooonsion ; .not going far out of his woy to do jo, but ns Providonoo oilbrs j and not anxious about 'jesuits, but as Providenoe wills; lot him judge, howover, tbnt tho God of Truth is bottor served when falsehood is emailed thnn when it is lot live;, even thougb this bo for utter scorn's salto. Th oro moy bo a liuniility in answering, as tbero.is a prido in silence; and via know Who is always on tho side of him that humble th himself. Nature's over-teaching parable 'dooferes,, that tho airy orabids aro among Ibo most poisonous tropical weeds, growing in doailJy marshes where the oobra,iuoliB its '.. r vohom, and the fatal wourall.borries hang iniolustors. over mlasmatto pools. Lot us drend Euoh uoral air plants,-those Uncharitable rumours of iibigbbourB.y wherewith universal Little Paddington is ovfr gladly rife ; for though so feebly rooted in seme. «ad; apd j hnrinr! ll».' mw ' hnWI), m.». .1»« ll..» in llvo the debt existing ft the commencement of th« scheme, a very large, amount of debt might be paid off in.« time which, to any otxé who had not ? gone into the caleula, ' tions, ' would - appear incredibly short Of course, if the révenue and expenditure were respectively the same under the, two systems, it would bo quite . immaterial whether the available funds were applied each .year itt extinguishing so much debt,, or were accumu lated at the same rate of interest, so as to form ' a fund which would grow side by side with the national debt until it had become sufficient to cancel it altogether. To provo this is a mere matter of very simple arithmetic. Dr. Price however, held a different theory, maintaining that there was an infinite difference between the two methods ; and ho most logically car I ried his doctrino to the absurd conclusion that the national debt might be paid off by bor. rowing money to form a sinking fund, and that a season, of war or pressure, when the national revenue could not be kept up to the level of the. expenditure, was ?" the very time when, by reason of the high rate ;of inteaeat the profit made by' the sinking fund scheme would be largest of all. Thé whole reasoning in support of this mad theory was, that the nation would borrow at simple interest, and accumulate the loan at compound interest-the effect of which would be that the fund would increase with such rapidity: as to pay off tho loon by which it was created, and leave a constantly growing surplus to provide for the general debt of, the country. The fallacy is transparent enough. To borrow at what is called simple interest, if you pay the interest as it accrues, ist absolutely identical in effect with borrowing at compound interest. Simple interest'is much more economical to the borrower than com- pound, when thet interest is . left unpaid to the end of along term, because ho gets'the loan of the annual interest without paying any interest upon it; but if he pays that interest as it falls due, he never obtains the advantage in which the whole difference between compound and simple interest consists. As if to make the absurdity of his position still more apparent. Dr. Price dwelt expressly on the case where money had to be borrowed to pay the annual simple interest on the original debt; A man who raises money at compound interest may be regarded as annually borrowing the interest afresh.from the original creditor. Borrow it at the same rate from some one else, said Dr. Price, and you save all the differ- ence between simple and compound interest. -, We have not attempted to put this astounding ' doctrine in anymore startling light than that in which - the author himself exhibited it. We are not sure, in fact, whether, in condensing it, we have not made it less conspicuously absurd than it appears in its original guise. Dr. Price's language is so lucid that there is nothing to veil his error'for an instant. To examine the fallacy as he puts it is like looking at a ghost by tho electric light-you. can't be misled without wilfully shutting your eyes. And yet, in spite of the palpable nature of the sophism, and notwithstanding its almost immediate exposure in the pamphlet we have already referred to, by a Mr. Wimpey, the mass of the country, the House of Com- mons almost to a man, and William Pitt himself, believed and acted on Price's visionary, notions ; . nor where- théy finally extirpated until the appearance of Dr. Hamilton's treatise (tho last in Lord Over stone's collection), just half a century after the promulgation of the error by Dr. Price, and "' twice as long after its original suggestion by Sir Nathaniel Gould. We cannot now stop to consider how it comes to be possible that men ; chosen for their eminent talents to direct tho lestinies of the country,- should be capable of being. misled by the shallowest fallacies on » subjects of tho most vital importance. Sqme¿.. bing may possibly bo ascribed to tho almost invincible repugnance of many otherwisé powr- . jrful minds to everything related to the idea of lumber ; and this again, may, perhaps, be ¡raced to tho character of the education most ii vogue, with the classes from whom poll licians and statesmen generally come. What jver may be the true cause, we fear ¡hat it has not yet ceased to operate ; and ilthough some improvement may have been made in modern times, it is still, we ber - lieve, true that, on financial questions, men of '?' mark in the present day are not quite proof igainst arithmetical delusions as gross as that which misled Pitt. If confirmation were wanted, it would only bo necessary to refer to the conflict of counter sophisms which any dis uussion on tho Income Tax, in Parliament or alsewhere, invariably produces. The nearest parallel to most of the controversies on this und kindred subjects is that of ono man main- taining that 2 and 2 make 8, and another refuting him by proving that 2 and 2 make 6.. Wo almost despair of seeing any extensive chango until people begin to include works of finance among readable books. Lord Overstone has done much in other ways to popularizo sound notions on monetary questions, and wo hope that this collection of tracts will do good service by clothing financial topics with an historical interest. Perhaps it may induce some readers to conquer their distaste for financial subjects | which, like most others, will bé found interest- ing enough by all who aro not too lazy to attack them with vigour.. ., . ' . ? ->'/: , nnd hoir» thoir poison to do h»rna.-. Dublin ,Erowr»»«a , I Magazine. .. ' _ , .' J "",v.% ? J 