CASTLEMAINE POLICE COURT. Monday, Dec. 21. (Before Captain Harrison, P.M., and William Hitchcock, Esq.) , John Griffiths, Robert Vandal; Thomas Smith, Richard Duniie; and Sarah Macintosh, wbfe. s.e r - verallyfinetl for drunkenness..' ' . .Eliza Keath was charged with being on the; nroinicoc rtf Mr. Tfirrftll . without a lawful cause. Mr. Farrell said that the, prisoner-had bperi-foiind by him at half-past eleven in the cookVroom in, his hotel. , He told her to go away altogether, and she was afterwards found in the stable. When arrested she. said she/had been - invited into the room by one rif the waiters. Mr. M'Donogb, for the defence, urged that his client was entitled to be on the premises, as she' had been a lodger in the house the previous night. At Mr. Hitch cock's suggestion, the! cook, a man of color, was called, and. said he had giv.en the prisoner leave to lie down on his bed;; She was cautioned and dismissed. - < William Halloran was charged with assaulting Mrs. Farnsworth on the 5th November. The complainant said that she went into the premises of the Roman Catholic clergyman about 7 o'clock in the evening to fetch a goat of hers, and prisoner, without the slightest provocation asked her who she was. She stated her name, and the errand on which she came, and he then seized her by the throat, attempted to strangle her, threw her on some stones, and knocked her face against them. In cross-examination by Mr. Fitzgerald. Mrs. Farnsworth said the occurrence took place about 7 o'clock in the evening, and certainly not later. When she gave her name, prisoner said that no one had any right to be on the premises, and it was his duty to strangle any one he found there. After the assault Halloran called for the police, and two men came and rescued witness. Sergeant Cordell said that he arrested the prisoner that morning on his coming out of gaol, where he had been for a month in confinement for being illegally on certain premises at Clarisbrook. Mr. Fitzgerald referred to the reports current at the time of the occurrence, to the effect that a ghost was to be seen on the premises in question, or in the neighborhood, and suggested that Mrs. Farnsworth being in a light dress might be mistaken for the apparition. He did not mean to say that his client did suppose she was really a spirit, but he might suppose she was the person who pretended to be one, and alarmed timid people thereby. He called— Thomas Knox, who said he had heard cries of "police" and "murder" on the night in question, and on going to the spot he found Mrs. Farnsworth lying on the ground, with her face streaming with blood. Prisoner was kneeling on her with both knees, and had hold of her hair with both hands, and was shaking her very violently. The prisoner said, when witness went up, "I'll teach you to act the ghost." Mr. Hitchcock said he had seen Mrs. Farnsworth on the morning of the assault, and could state that she was very much injured. It was not necessary to call for evidence as to the injuries inflicted. The Bench sentenced the prisoner to a month's imprisonno doubt of his guilt.ment, with hard labor, stating they had no doubt of his guilt. Rebecca Christy, a child about nine years of age, 'was charged' 'with- being without lawful means of support. Her aunt said that she would willingly keep the child if she would behave herself. She ultimately consented to take back the child, and. the magistrates promised to do what they could to get her into an orphan asylum. . Honora Low was charged with, stealing above £5 from the person of .Peter Rower, at 4 o'clock the previous morning. According to Rower's evidence the prisoner had put her' hand into his pocket and taken out the money... He asked 'her to give it back to him, and when she refused he gave her in charge. Mr. Hitchcock elicted'frorn the witness' that he ; had met the prisoner in the. house of one Brown, nqarthe Albert hotel. She was drinking there with some other people.; He had observed "no" .policemen near the 1 house . at the time. II had got; glass of ale;and< paid for it. Constable Maroney had arrested the prisoner and searched her,/ He,, found. 14s. and 8s,. 6d. He afterwards searched the spot indicated and'found nothing. Mr. Hitchcock , remarked on the ab sence of a constable from the neighborhood of such a. house as Brown's,. and pn the insufficiency of'ariy "such-'-Eeareh as the constable could with decency make of the" person of a female. He further stated, in- reference' to a! remark' by the police thatithey knew .the. house in' question to be a grog shop, but - did not: interfere: with sueli houses, that, irrespective of previous practice, he was prepared, and so was his ' brother magistrate; to interfere with such houses. . / The Chinaman charged with stealing- two sho-r vels was agjain br'ought up, and the. man who ar rested' Lita , gave evidence as to his arrest.,: He saw prisoner drop something, heard Mr. 'Glover, say that two shovels had . been ' stolen, and at i his request be arrested tho prisoner before he gou out of signt. The Bepch, Captain Harrison and' Mr. Hamilton, sentenced 'bimi. to two months' impri sonment with hard labor. , ."u.t !! / ' ; A-Ki was again remanded in the absence of the prosecutor.- ' Some- discussion took place as to the duties of the Chinese.Protector inriuch' crises; and Mr.-Hitclicock said; that it", that officer did riot at tend, he should, as Municipal Magistrate,- issue a: summons calling for. his presence. ...... . / : " Mr. Taaffe, Was charged with " illegally having a horse in" his possession at Castlemaine."' -'.Mr. M'Donogh complained of )he ne'gleotof the police in not having the witnesses present, asserting that the 'case' was a criminal one. Captain- Harrison did; not see that ' it was so. Mr. Hitcheopk , ap peared to think it was, and' after sPme eotivfcrsa- tiori it was decided that .the case riho'uld prppeed' on the summons prod need. Logan statod that .he was last week in possession of a horse' which he . described. 'MIe;; had 'never seen/thelhkri in .the, defendant's .possession. Pemauded; ;( ifroni ,lHm. Mr. G'aaffe" called ' by Mr! M'D'oiiogh, stated' that the hprse, bad beendmpounded and had. been taken out by the1 impounder. Never offered Hie horse to Mr. )Veeks or - saw it "offered to auy one. He never RadJthe" horse in1 the Municipality. In- ,answer to. lIr. Hitchcock, he said, that lie had fre quently given, horses out of the poiind on reduced damages. Has a. right to give the horse to. the impounder without, requiring to -have: consent ; of "the owner of the animal. " = Mr. Hitchcobk held that tlie continuity of the" ; possession I of !the; horse riy.Mr. Taaffe. was not proved, and after some discussion between the magistrates and Mr. M'Donogh, who held thatthe horse having 'been impounded, inust be regarded- as being iu -the possession of the defendant, Capt. 'Harrison coucurred with Mr. Hitchcock and the case was dismissed. . Mr. Taatf'e applied for tlie payment of his ex penses, but on a reference to the Act, it appeared that, a written order , from the impounder of an animal was necessary iu order to justify a pound- keeper iu giving it up. The application was re fused. . Tuesday; Dec. 22. 1 (BeftirS Captain Harrison, P. M., and Willie : ' Hitchcoqk, Esq.) Vlllwm The deaf nijd dumb Chinaman was dischari on the representation of the Chinese Prnt» ' that the prosecutor did not wish to'UKre the r there being great difficulty in ascertaining when!!' therp wns . any.felonious intent. Ho was » if . charged .with hcjng without la'Wfuf meari'i'nf ofen pbttf: Mir Hariiiftpn said/that; the defendnn?" 'mate had returned-to China, and . he was iiown casionally working,, but more frequently idle "asked to have-him remanded foH-'eiglit dayj in „ der that bpMight communicate with the Govpr' -menu i A '-oonversation on -the snhje'ct of nrn" " -sioh for destitute: Chinamen being nrnde from it, funds raised from that people took place betweff fUe'TOagistratesTiind, Mr./Hamilton, in the comf .of ; jyhich.it. was stated that the Utmost ' difly-' for tbe'Wjrf : " fltthe Chinese; although a considerable sum fai,S bjr'fheir contnbutions is added- ito the general wf ;- venue. The defendant was remanded, : ; 'Ellen Kirk' was' fined "£S, or one. :morith's ini' jprisonment, for using obscene language in a n Hic Dlnce. She had only , been dTscbarged gaol the previous day, and, denied; the char" e .Serjeant .Cordell and a man named Waldro shewed, that the charge was too well founded- T? appeared that the' 'house, -a -Mrs.' Gorman's in which the prisoner, was when the languane il, used, is one of- the most disreputable charact«r .: and the Bench expressed their conviction that an information should be laid- against theoeennant of the house. 1 Honora Low' was again brought up on' ths charge of, robbing Peter Rower, : and the two wit- ' nesses were cross-examined by Mr, 'M'Dorioeh ' but nothing was elicited different from the evi' denee already given, anil the prisoner was com" mitted for trial. ..Catherine; Gorman.: was charged with beine- without lawful , and; visible means of support Mr. Barclay asked for a remand. Mr. M'Donoch strongly objected to its being granted, but the Bench complied with' the' request of the police. ' Indecent Assault by a Schoolmaster.— Jdbn Edhouse was charged with assaulting Maria Lock Mr. MfDonogh appeared, for the prosecution and' Mr. Tomkin for; the defence. Mr. M'Donch said that the charge' might 'have been made of a more serious ; character, as the. .evidence would shew. Complainant said she had been given into the charge of the defendant, who was master of -the Episcopal school,, to be taught till 4 o'clock and after that to nurse. One Saturday. night hestruck her with a bucket on the eye. . On the next Sa turday, she was lying in bed, about lO o'clock when Mr. Edbouse came into tbe room in his shirt' and put out the candle. He sat on her feet and' began' to pull up the blankets. She cried out, and defendant told her to be quiet. Mrs Edhouse came in, and immediateljr went away with defen dant. Defendant's hand was on her legs, about the knee.. Next. morning she tpldiMrs. Edhouse and in the evening she told her mother. , ' Cross-examined : Mr. Edhouse sometimes en tered her. room to put out the light". !" VVitncss1 'was ; not in the habit of haying. fellows about her room- One night' defendant complained about a boy ' being at her tent, who had come for a book. She once, by apcident; set the tent on fire. Remained in the defendant's service from'the"l2th:to the 19th;. with. the knowledge of her mother. Has been in Gipps JLand, and, has seen some white man there Re-examined':: Mr. Edhouse'had come:into her room before and pulled tlie clothes off her feet " and her kicking him." ' By the Bench : She thought Mr. Edhouse's conduct indecent! She slept about ten feet from where Mrs. Edhouse slept, and "was discharged by her because she told her mother abotit defendant's conduct. ! The mother of . the girl described the .circum- stances of the engagement of her daughter. On Saturday, witness found her bruised "vety se verely ;: and when asked why she had been beaten, she answered that it had been done because she ' told Mrs, Edhouse of, how. Mr. Edhouse followed her about, put out the candle, and pulled the clothes off her. . Witness's baby was buried on Tuesday, and ' the summons was taken oiit on the Saturday., .Witness was too ill during those days to take out'the s'umriions! ;. The girl is not twelve years of age. (An elaborate calculation was made by the witness, 'the magistrates, and tbe counsel, ' as to the girl's age. ; The result.was that witness amended Ler, statement, and said tbat hcr daugh ter was, perhaps, thirteen years of age.) Part of the. wages had been paid, and there had been no; disagreement abous them. ' " t/ ! _ Mr, Touikin, for the defence, "alluded . to the discrepancy between the evidence of the mother and daughter concerning ' the statement made" by the girl. He stated that he could show that 'the 'girl is of very bad character, -'and .'that -Mr!- Ed- Bouse could not pass to .'the room where' his own children were sleeping, without passing through the apartment where the/girl -was. . i, .. The Rev. Robert Gummings was called andsaid that lie had a conversation with, Mr." M'Donogh, but it was ruled, that the evidence could riot be received. It had been already decided that the evidence of Mrs. Edhouse could not be taken, and Mr;, Tomkin said, he must leavp the case in the hands of the bench. , The case was adjpurned. till .1 p'clock, to await the decision ;of the.bencb. S At that, time Mr. Tomkiri applied; fora remand "in order to produce evidence iu reference to the' credi bility of the girl.-- Mr. M'Donogh opposed on the ground that the case had.been finished and simply adjourned .-for' the decision. of the Bench. - The.' magistrates-retired to - deliberate, and' after some considerable time they returned and' stated that they could not re- open the case, and committed the , prisoner lor trial for an indecent assault. Hewas udinitted to bail, himself in £400 and two sureties in £200 each. ' ' 