METROPOLITAN GOSSIP.' (From tU Liverpool Albion, March 8.) ; I " .À'.'farther riso in hides is pretty certain to D noûnoed in Leadenhall bulletins of Monday nej oons'oquonoo of the quantity of Bolo leather cons ?J to-day by ruiiners between every'ono ' point and other point of political London._ Had Ferouk ? come over, here this morning, with a columnar c -high" OB a Tipperary firetower, and with a legit fleBoondiint of Lalla Rookh and an aviary of bulb« his train, he oould'nt hove had the knocks of moro since at his «door than. have been bestowod on I Olovoland-row, tho i-esidenoo of Mr. James Cop pariiamcñtary-agent, tolerably well known for his ai ness' in making things pleasant between liberol-mi gentlemen of a senatorial turn of mind and the fret independent elootors of any placo in particular. . then really come to thatî- It really is. 'Had i been' ü~ division last night' tue .-Comic' Old Gentlt would have laughed his läst ere this, and Rupert-H have been riding up Oonatitution-lnll higher > in Badilla of statesmanship than over.'for.ho is oonsid to have rnuoh improved in ' 'the soienoe of menage sinae last he' ' waä' 'jockeyed ;! out tho' stirrups. ' If Cornewall ! Lewis bei any autta in 'tho computation' of human units and oip there oari' bo no 'doubt a -division last: night w have left a' Ministerial remainder of'nothing this n¡ log'. ' As tho House "?was'breaking up,- and on reac the lobby, he gasped out, 'rhóre dead than alive, am always looks as if bo had rebéptly been disinterred, Government would have been in'a fenrful minori tho issue had beon then tried j and it was clear tha dismay'was'shared by' e*ery Toper of the whole Tad tribe. As for Hayter, oh aspen leaf was an embie! adamantine 'fixity ' of tenure compared -with his troj lion for three hours- mortal hours indeed to him all his kidney-preceding the adjournment. Tho gb seer,'in 'the.German legend, who watched the olocl the*appointed minute of tho apparition, never eyed timepiece more intently than did tho right honour ?whip, chiding the lazy hours that lcopt him in tho 1 inátéád of allowing him to "sheer off to Whitehall, wh< ho could ' produce reasons plentiful as blaokberrie September,'"and not less piquvnt' to most patr palate«, shewing that tbo'true mode of dealing with Chineso was that practised by tho governmental phi thropists,. namely, in forcing thom off 'tho faoo of o tion, with those potential civilizers, rookets,'bon grape, revolver's, and carcasses.,' Matters ara considc to hava'merided muoli for Ministers to-day. The soc bring in news that tho throat of resignation and the rors of n general election are working wonders; andi several gentlemen hitherto disposèd to take' a v ' Chesterfleldean view of Yell-or Yah, otherv Yak,, us Sir' Haw Haw Bulwer calls him-now ad that ho is by ho means eligible for good society, i consequently that Govornment must bo support Horsetail's speech has beon a complote God-send Ministerialists, who go about quoting him, as if ho w the seven sages rolled into one, for deolnring that uni WO biaza away ns before, tho Chinóse will pulverizo i gunp'ówder-'éyery' Briton, they can lay hold of. 1 long Cubinét Council to-day, tho summons for anotl general gathering of Derb/ites on Monday, and also the.. Palraorstonites for the same day, all testify to i -intensity of tho orisis; but, on tho whole, Mr. Mons Romanist though he is, has faith in Palmerston ; 1 Wilson has boon seen in Piccadilly in a new hat ; that there is still hope tho British constitution may : ba saved, arid the sun of England not finally set buf noxt quartor-'dny: at all events. - The joke of all t tragic farce ia "that tho, point is confined to the We end. Thu city, knows nothing about it. .They don't it in their paper,'and of course therefore don't susp its existence, thinking only; of the majority of thirty-! v and thankful;'God for n House of Lords that keeps t funds tolerably >? toady. Loeoh ought to be on the lo out. for. Stook Exchange physiognomies on Mont niorning,- when: tho truth flashes on the br of adumbrated Cookneydom. The wags ara at th '.?wits*, ends- to-day poring, over the list of.the Lor division; - and ' finding therein as many pa perploxitios n3 Albert. Smitlr-oxtraots boterog'enor anomalies-out of i his cross-roadiogs of Qalignani.; T giuiiusof Balaklava.'seems'to;have presided overt arrangement of tho names, the Duke of Higgledy, hy t way, Scooping out of tho muddle altogether, as it is KU posod that Mr. Sydnay Piggledy will also do on Mond night. 'In tho.first plaac, taking Tory Ben tinok'rf tribu to l'iilmoi'Hton'ns being tho: real'Protestant and au Reform Slnlosmnu, - with which encomium Graham hlistored the Premier hut night, what do wo firfi AVhy tint this whulo Papal peerage plumped for til Protestant par excellence ; ??? every Romanist voted f CivUlinmanus ; at lo.ist, those who didn't voto for hi ubstainnd from voting, or Ovotr pairing, ut nil. Indee with tho exception of Clifford, of Chudleigh,, all wi could vo'.o did vote, tho only two who couldn't, ai therefore vury logio.illy didn't, being, first, Lord Ben mont, who is a minor;.and seoondly, Lord <Sbrewnbui who-is,--nobody knows who or what, aud his apooryph lordship is probably ns much in tho dark as to his ind Vlduality or identity ns anybody olso. . But a rom dozen of tho really corn ruted Corinthians entitled walk "from out tho Klnminian Onto" strode into tl footsteps of tho disbeliever in original sin, but beliov in tho polioy of. upholding tho triple-hnttod chimera tho Vtitionu. First, of course, carno his Gmco of Norfol who, monk ns ho is, can hardly -, ba r so.indifle ont. ito tho 'proprieties of < pomp 'as ui to foul that, tho .Horoditnry Earl-Marshal < England, and thereforo high- priest of all tl: herald io . hierarchy, ought lo ho- Knight ol', tho Garie particularly ns blue;i'ibhons aro so plentiful of lato th; even'tho mom hov for Tiverton hod,to take ono himso to prevent tho Georg.* besoming a badgo of badinuo, instand of a guardón of gravest honour. Thnro followo the Duko, tho Marquis of Camden, Earl of Fingall, Lord Arundel), [of AVarUonrJ Camoys, Dormer, SlaObn Kenmare, Lovat, Petro, Stourton, and Vaux t Harrowden, from this it might ba assumed that thor was something partionlnrly Papistical in tho proceeding against Canton, nm! that the Cardinal had an oyo to tb ^resumption of tho nntlquo Jesuit inlluonoo among th Colèstials. The anomalous Anstey, once impo.icher c Palmerston, and now his lordship's Attornoy-Geuorol n Hongkong, is said to bo returning to his original nitro montanism, ns well as to certain decapitating tonots c his'; Chisholm muht Uko to atone for lato foolishnas by Wisomanism now, convorling his Confuoius know lctlgo to Catholicism ; und heneo, perhaps, we got at th Spoon mean rationale af this strnngo vote. Or, may 1 not bo u Loyola, and thoreforo n supor-Satanio, modo c rovongo upon the author of tho Durham Latter, wh would most profit by a contrary volo ? Yet what is th usó of (nilling that way? Although all tho Papa .Poors plumpod for Paw on, Thursday night noarly nil tho- ditto Commoners will do tho sann .against him on Monday night, boginnini willi In's Einiiieuco's standnrd-boarer, Bowyer, whom board is now of thu dimensions whereof any soldier o any church militant might ha aa proud as a poacook or t barber. But the ienre only a fow of tho oddities of Un Poors' division. Let us look nt onothor, in tho ono '" governing family" way, or Whig couslnship lino. Although Lord John RU3soll, in tho Commons, on Thursday, mado so fiery a spaouli against Ministers, hit older brother of Bedford, whom Disraeli deeraB tlu greatest luirignor of tho tiny, and primal bandit of all .organized cnriBpira'ot'H ol' Whiggery, voted for them. So too did Lord John's rather random relative, Ribblos. dale, who figures under tho congenial head of a " pair." So liknwiso did another of tho'Ritpposod household goods and chattels of Lord John, namoly, Lord Holland, movud thereto, mri} Imp, hy having lind flaunted boforo his eyes that phantasmagoria plonipotontinryship to Na plos, or Timbiictoo, or whlthorsoevar it is to be, ptovidod tho onnvotileiit Crampton doesn't put ono joint of his rod-tapu.untiling nosu ont, or tho inconvenient Slr Heury llttlwor tho oilier. Furthermore, Lord John's fathor-in law, Minto, seems to htivo naquirnd suoh a relish for volcanic eutei't.iiiinienls dining Iiis inooudinry /Etmria nnil Vüsttvliin experiences in '48, that ho couldn't condemn nn explosion in Asia, and accordingly voted far tho all-bombarding Bow ring. Thon, nguiu, although Groy spoke Hoorplouly against Minlstors, young Lord Durham votod for thuin, thus " showing, for once iu a way, that tho nopltow nf un uncle hoed not bo ul ways .nn unolo's nephew. Lord Spencer, for muking whom a Knight of -tho Onrtor Lord John acqulrod suoh ridiculo ; Lord Torrington, for making wham' Govornor of Ceylon ho acquired something worso ; two others of hts creation, Ilalljorion [tho Mr. Littleton whoso broach of oonfl danoo Imiku up tho first Reform Ministry], and Brough ton [Cain llouhonso] ; together with Glonolg [Grant], nnil Overstone [.Tones Lloyd], omi Fltzhnrdingo [Miss Footo'M riarkoloy], and Plain Jock [Campboll], for en- nobling whom nt thc nxptmso of Plunkett, BO many it poole ol' dirt lind to hoswnllowod by Flnolity-all thoso volod to koop Puhnorston in, and, therefore, to dopiivo Lord John of a uhnnoo of coming in, On tho olhor side, that so 'vory knowing a Mothor Cary's ohlolion ns Montengln should indicate a norning storm to prosont pliiaaholdars hy flying against thom, is considered signi- ficant migiuy af what-ls In tho «ind. Saaraoly loss re mitrknblu is it thol Fitzwilliam, to whom Pulmorston f[nvo ii garter tho other du}-, should now lift a log against lis patron. Stnultopo'ti hoing found in tho sumo onto. Rory is supposed to- imply that Oardwoll will go with Lord John ott'Monday, and further confirmation of Hint hypothesis fa fttriiisliod by it literary faot whiuh wo símil noto pi'otionlly. -But of all tho note "".,!,_: u-rns Sn tho whole catalogue of eon nonaairigr wi B nt.blanic declined to do BO, and line, Harry of l'2|nwUh Ulat bellicose TaiTy, the Äwt Ä tho powers that be. The other three wera Oxford, Chichester, and Salisbury. The first of ?he triumvirate delivered a splendid denunciatory sLmon which Father Prout, who detected the, Se" un plagiarism from Thiers, and also the Asian's unaeCowledgld appropriation from a much more iSffl 'MritoftnSBaBt" than, himself, would find ñoffiulty in tracing to a certain W^ne pam nhlet on the ««iniquity of unlawful wars" Davids Mal by the way. furnishing no end of ordnance to scoÄiotry to conceal their theft iu the smoko-,of firing upon tho right owner. . 'Oxford was in a deuce ef a hurry to let off InV saoer koSffin? tat perhaps his lay altersa adstone OÍ^HOU^HÍS ^=ce^osn^ thai ' renier obtrusion . of oratory «oTT malapropos. Samuel, however, muoh too.full of the subject and of himself, whioh ho deemed far more mpoSnMo forego the exhibition, though he »«»« « in a oreat decree by coming so late invthe debate as to be^y imperfectly reported, all tho reporting,, by , the way of all the debates being exceeding imperfect, some S, fromthe very Hibernian cause of giving more thTisssTd,sometimes less. Lyndhurst, for instance is tho viotim of both. Not a syllable is given in the eadíng joumal?nor in several of tho others either oi his admonition to tho East India and China Associa. «ons fwhUe there is put in his mouth hal a dozen lines of a Shak-perean quotation whereof ho used but two. His speech, whether ns a physical miracle fflimmrf 85 talking like n thirty ycar-old professor of doon ion. Or as an intellectual phenomenon in ^the perspiouity of its. reasoning, was tho real speeoh of tho whole _debate though soveral were .unusually fine, Derbjs pre eminently so. Hotspur was singularly oool himself, but probably never since that speech s? frequently alluded to here as a cftfi/ d'ouvre of tribunition rhetono, on the Navigation Laws, did he so warm his audience. And whatan audience 1 Nearly tho whole House of Com mons were round tho throne, at the bar, and soared about everywhere. Over the throne were the Princess Hoyol and oortain attendant ladios of tho Court. In on. of tho galleries wero the Duohess of Cambridge and Princess Mary, joined, from time _ to time, bv tho Duke, the royal commander-in-chief being an ex emplary son to his mama and no less estimable brother to his Bister. Occasionally too were they joined by th. . Duke of Wellington, who has grown surprisingly lil» the immortal F. M.; and if ho goos on improving ir that respeot for two years more as ho has done for tb. three list past, people will swear that his father ha come to life again, and that tho biU for burying hin was a creator imposture than is officially admitted, which is saying a good deal. As his graoe sat peering over the balustrades, his hand forming an ear-trumpet A Ut papa, tho bude lights overhead bringing out in r strong relief tho metallic linos of the Wellesley familj face, the Iron Man of other days lived in the mind s ey. onoa more, and the degeneracy of the present noui smote homo on all who looked around, and saw what is. and reflected ou what was, and thought what might have been now, wero thero but another Arthur to scare the phantoms and humbugs, tho ox-swollen frogs and Titanio pigmies, thnt oonfront us. " Oh, for.one hour ol blind old Dándolo," octogenarian oluof,-Byzantium s oon quering foe ;" nnd so on, ns you'll find, if disposed to pursue the sontimontal strain, in Don Juan. And talking of tho Don suggests Donna*, and conse quently orinoline, of which there were balloons full in tho Peeresses' galleries, to such on exton! Hint tho republican Miss . Dallas, who wai with tin Vnnkoo Minister, in - tho diplomata < compartment, evidently thought tho wearers must bo she bishops. Indootl it seems to'bo from the episcopal bench tbat tue modern fomnle inflated attire, or inflated female Bttnv, appears ro booopied ; and'if ladies will go .to Lords debates much longer," wo shall shortly seo tho old log of-mntton-slneves revived 5 for the pastors stick to that established emblem of tho fold, suggestive of fleeoing or the Hook. Next to Lyndhurst and Derby's, Ellenboroiigh's was the ovation of the week in the Upper House, but "by no moans in tho hypororiental stylo of the Bong of Somnnuth days. The Earl has become a very " tamo elephant ind.iod since then i not less strong, but moresagauious and using- his trunk for othor purposes than ? on hydrntilie machino for throwing cold, orjiot, [yen very bot.1 wntor ou rival spouters. If Mrs. Norton saw, him now. in ono of his solemnly impressive moods,, she would hardly say. that tho sight of his lavender kids and curly hair:would justify a revolution, as ' silo did say whon Apsloy-houso was being turned out of windows III Beform Bill time. Yet do the. gloves fit as tightly and the looks are os crispy nnd profuso ns ever, to a hair, save in tho shade ; for not nil his Indian knowledge will moko white blnok on that head. Malmesbury too spoke well, so wonderfully so for him thnt nothing but tho notion of coming in again, and so being auto to plant some of tho fraternal Hamsses m California, as ho did others in Peru, when ho last had tho opportunity, cnn . nooount for tito improvoraonr. All tho speaking on tho Treasury bonoh was below tho mediocrity even , of the usual mean. Clarendon dodgod nnd double-dodged the minor poinlB of tho caso, like an Irish attorney trying to provo an impossible alibi for n oliont with tho gibbet in his fnco and forty convictions: nt his back; but to grasp tlio Dorby mogs of argument was wholly beyond him, nnd his flounderings in tho attempt wuro something more than pitiable. Landsdowne, who for tho first time, sat not on tho Treasury benah, but on the bonoh behind, seemed as if ho should very much like to come to his assisiauoo! nnd kept prompting Granville, as if to prompt tho Foreign Secretary. But Argyll robuked tho intorfovonoo with look nnd gostnro, as muoh ns to say that ho would put mattors all right when his turu came; nnd that the Mnrquis mid friends might be sure ho would .' toko care of Dowh " in dashing stylo. And in dashing, otherwise slap.dasb, or Blop.dash stylo, ho did it, »uro enough. The Chanoollor had made a hopeless hash of tho law part of the buslnoss in following Lynd hurst, ns Grey showed, ooraing nftoi* the woolsnoked wool- gatheror; and Argyll, in trying to piok up tho feronsio odds and onds for Cranworth, got enmeshed blmsolf, and sat down with a seeming consciousness that ho really must lenvo off trying to sot fire to the Thnraes for the prosent-a surprising evidenoo of self-humlllntion on his port. No man perhaps could havo mada out as good n caso for Government OB your old friend, Harrowby j hut Drummond'« dostruotlvo pleasantry about his inoompotonoy ns a Maynooth commissioner having soouruil him tho Privy Seal, scorns to havo exterminated tho littlo ambition his lordship lind for rendering his great knowledge of thoso and such subjoots available to tho Gabinot, in which it oertainly is surprising ho should havo a seat, nil things considered. ; But sonts of nil sorts aro unstnble just now, and a oonsldorablo uumber of individuals, who would uko to toko up n position botwoen two stools, will probably come to tho ground ero the world is n week older. Tho ohiof recent olomont of Derbylto strength is tho with- drawal of all Poulito hostility, if not the accession of Poulito nordiality. Peelito cordiality I-crocodile bone, volonoe I-but let that pass. As an evidence, alight, but snmoiontly indicative, of this entente cordiale, it moy bo montioned Hint tho Dlsraelito organ to-day hos a -long oxoluslvo VOVIIJW-by no moans " a slashing nrtiolo" or the Cardwell and Stanhope final portion of tho Pool rnpors, ti copy being spoolnlly furnishod in advance for tho purpose Pity the privilege was not intrinsically worthy tho importance or tho oooaslon. In all English Hterntitro thora 1B not to be found a volumo BO misornbly disproportionné in foot to tho factitious interost that had been thrown nround it. To apply to a work that 'ought to ho of gravest value tho torm " trash" may sound harnh mid unjustifiable ¡ but it is tho truth ¡-n moro trashy production novor left tho Minerva Pross, or tho fautory of tho Inte Sir B. Phillips, of book-spinning muinory. Tho first volumo was flimsy onough, aa the wholo publia doolarod, and ns tho non-selling publislior speedily found outj but it was substantial indood oom pared with this, whioh literally docs not furnish tho wherewithal for half.n-dozen paragraphs worth the trouble of transcribing. Ono of tho prlnolple things that whnttod tho odgo or expectancy wnn tho passage in Sir llobort's will, whoro ho sponks of tho royal oorrospon. deneo nbout the bodohnmber plot. Well, thero ian t a solitnry word on tho subject, dlroot or remote. Not tho most distant allusion ÍB modo to tho cause or Pool H ox pulsion from court favour and politianl powor nt thnt limo. Wo aro not told, which ofcourso ÍB tho fact, that thu Qttoon mid Consort would not nllow this oorrospon dunne to ho publishod ¡ nnd, oqunlly of oourRo, we are not " Ibid tho reason why." But wo nro loft to gitoBSt nnd dureront pooplo will gueRS different ways, none being vary satisfactory ns regards anybody, dead or llvo statesmen, dond or llvo royalties j for tho Bama silonoe is preserved in reapoot to all tho court cabala about " tao Queen who did it all" for Peel in '31, as about tba Queen who wouldn't let him do anything, or do anytliing foi Pool in '30, But if silenoo on tbeso subjeots be aston- ishing, what shall be said of silenoo equally profound on all the party points in tho corn-law struggfo ? Will it bo believed that tho names of Cobden, Disraoli, and Benticnk novor onco occur in what professes to bo a record expressly framed for tho vindication of the writer's memory against tho reproaches of his cotem porariesf Will it bo credited that, in this posthumous tributo to his own obaraotor, not a word is uttored as to his charge that tho leader of tho Leaguo meant to suborn his assassination ? Not a word as to that most mysterious opisodo, raked up in '45, about his sacrifice of Canning in '26, which is paralleled in our day by the " secret treaty" denial without disproof:-not a word es to all the personal topics concerning his own credit with Par- liament and the country, and, above all, with tho party who denounced his double desertion of them, during the elose of his official oaroer. Of what, then, is, the book made up, if items of this olass are excluded ? Open your ears, and also expand your capacity for, credulity, for you will need it, and-you shall hear.-. Tho bulk of the boole consists of correspondence about-oh ? ghost of all Murpbydoro, only imagino it-potatoes 1 Yes, there aro dozens of letters, acknowledging dozens of other letters, from' seores' of places:and people, speculating how far tho potato crop might, could, would, or wouldn't,'be affected in thei county -Mayo, if something or other mighh't, couldn't, wouldn't, or shouldn't happen somewhere else. And this is pre- sented us in February, 1807, as a memoir explanatory of certain hitherto inexplicable traits in.the character, and circumstances' in' tile biography, of a late Premier of England! Tho persons who present us with this are the Bight Honorable Edward Cardwell, M.P., and the Hight Honorable1 Earl Stanhope, literary executors of the deceased, who left them a thousand pounds for doing it.'ond thoy take seven years to do it ; and,, when done, they ohnrge tho publia seven and sixpence a oopy for a proof of the work. And than the pair oome down to Westminster, and they wonder that the estimatos In Parliament are so large for lunatic asylums ; forgetting that the nation which could abstain from flying into a frenzy at the very conduct thus recorded must he one universal madhouse ; and that if there is . a grain of sense left, it will urge that the interest of the general debt . be devoted- to the : perpetual multiplication of bedlams, till Cardwolls are no moro, and Stanhopes are finally ran off the road. May that good time be quick in coming I . . i , ? ,. . . ? . , , 