OPENING OF THE CHINESE JOSS HOUSE AT THE BUCKLAND. (From our own Correspondent.) Whatever may bo the religious creed of our long tailed intruders of the Mongol breed, they have in one instance put Christianity to the blush, in as much as they have been the first to open a place of worship (if it is not desecration to make use of such a term) on the Buckland. Having been an eye witness to the whole proceedings, I will endeavor, through the medium of your widely cir- culated journal, to lay before your readers a faint outline of what took place. Arriving upon the ground about 11 o'clock a.m., the principal en campment of the Celestial race upon tho Buckland, we could, at a consider- able distance, distinguish the heathen temple by two gaudy flags of a shape which, I believe, no problem in Euclid could measure or describe. At a dis- tance tho confused babel of sounds re minded me not a little of some of those religious gatherings which I have wit nessed among the slave population of tho United States, designated as camp meetings. The temple itself was about twenty feet in length, by twelve or fourteen in width, ncatly framed, the cornicing of both walls and roof being of canvas or calico ; the inside had a flooring of boards, which was matted and car petted in front of the altar or table in a small spare of about eight feet square. The two side walls were each decorated by a scroll of Chinese hieroglyphics at least ten feet long and about twelve inches broad. Immediately above the door was placed an ordinary sized mirror, which was nearly gazed out of countenance as each one of the congre- gated crowd endeavored to get a peep of his ugly mug, the sight of which invariably brought a grin upon his face not unlike that of a large baboon when presented with an apple. At the farther end, and fronting the door, stood a small table shaded over by a canopy of scarlet colored cloth not unlike the size and appearance of a full draped modern window. Upon the table stood three ordinary ale glasses filled with some sort of liquid which looked too pale either for ale or wine. Each of these glasses was flanked upon both sides by what appeared to be a couple of silver-plated candlesticks. In the centre, surrounding a pyramid of fancy cakes, was the likeness.of a hand cut off at the wrist, three of the fingers standing erect, the other two were turned down apparently for the purpose of pressing pressing against the palm a piece of fruit, which appeared to be exuding a reddish juice- although what appeared to us as juice might have been a Chinese hieroglyphic sign indicating the meaning ot the device. Whether It was by design, or clim siness of its manufacturer, the hand was neither a right nor a left, the five digits rising from an even base without the semblance of a thumb upon either side. About a distance of two feet from this table stood another of much larger size which, at the commencement of the ceremonies was covered with of wax-looking tapers - which, after all, were but tallow candles. The lighting of these VA^thcsiBna! ginning the rites of the uav ? Small packages of wire-looking rcec's ? About a foot long were laid in aluimla' upon the table, each devotee selecting a portion from three to a dozen of these reeds. They approached the lighted tapers, at the same time igniting reeds at the flame;. then retiring a step or two backward, they bowed them selves three times before the its contents, at the same time waving the reeds up and down with every bend of the body. This act finished, one of the reeds was mvariably stuck in a bowl full of uncooked rice. Two small side tables stood flanking the doorway.at which the same ceremony was gone through, although with fewer worshippers. Those reeds. when only a few of them were lighted, gave a rather agreeable aromatic perfume, but when they were ignited in hundreds the smoke was almost suffocating. This part of the ceremony was finished by firing off a whole magazine of crackers discharging of firearms, beating of drums, ringing of gongs, and clashing of symbals. These, withthe commingled voices of the crowd, who seem to make a point of talking all at once made all together a chorus which defies description. Among the musicians was a ,5§fi)r whose instrument and music was enough to raise the ghost of Pa ganini from the dead in order to chase such a vile imitator of his noble art out of existence. The second act of the drums commenced by lighting up a much larger number of tapers, the ignition of a double quantity of reeds, acc0mpanied by redoubled bendings in front of the table. About this stage of the business matters came to what might be termed a "dead-lock, " there seemed to be a difference of opinion about the routine the ceremonial; so loud and angry was the dispute that I felt pretty cer tain it would bo decided by blows, and probably would have been but for the intervention of what appeared to be their high priest, at least the singular of his costume indicated him to be so. His shaven scalp and long tail was covered by a hood exactly resembling monk's cowl. A dark coloured Jumper of somewhat ample proportions, trimmed with fur about the neck, en- veloped his upper man. Another gar ment of the same colour and texture, was worn under the first, its want of fur being compensated by about four inches in extra length, underneath the second envelope, and about six inches longer, hung down a common rough striped shirt a pair of coarse rough tints a world too wide encased his lower limbs, his feet being stuck in a pair of old shoes, whose " envious rents" gave ocular proof that the ar ticle of socks were not included in his wardrobe, or that they were dispensed with upon this interesting occasion. His personal appearance was by no means prepossessing, withered and wrinkled, his gray and scanty beard stuck out from each side of his upper lip having a pretty close resemblance to the whiskers of an elderly tabby. At all events he in some degree suc- ceeded in smoothing down the noisy tumult to something like order, when an opening was made right and left from the door, a roast pig pre sented itself, borne on high over head bya bare-armed fellow who seemed to officiate as cook ; this was followed in quick succession by roast fowls, joints of pork, with a variety of other dishes with whose contents and appearance your reporter has to ac knowledge his utter ignorance. Fruits made their appearance in great variety with cakes and pastry in various forms. Tea with two or three dishes of cooked rice seemed to complete the spread. Everything now being in readiness the leading men and better dressed portion now came forward, and knelt in front of the tempting viands. A sort of chant was com menced by one of the party, after which he pronounced two words the meaning of which seemed to be " Rise, kneel; rise, kneel &c;, allowing sufficient time ?? the words for the action, were ?? rally repeated nine time ?? that these kneelings, or tions, were accompanied many cases by the devotees touching the carpet with their foreheads. The nine evolutions being gone through, the worshippers rose, making three more inclinations with the head towards the now well filled table. A few more words were chaunted at intervals, during which the lighter dishes were slightly raised from the table, the heavier ones being merely touched. I ought to have stated that upon the entrance of the viands two large candles, about twelve or fourteen inches long and nearly two inches thick, standing at the two extremes of the table, were lighted up, and being de corated with gaudy colored paper, covered with numerous Chinese devices, had rather a pretty appearance, the only drawback being the candle sticks upon which they stood, which were rough cuts of gum saplings about twelve inches long and six thick, tapered a little towards the upper end, an augur hole sufficing for the socket. The third act was the reading of the Chinese records, which consisted of four volumes with two or three small supplements. They were read with all seeming reverence with a slow nnd clear utterance, each word ?? to be , distinctly pronounced, which was in striking contrast with ?? bling In which both the ?? kneeling part of the ?? dulged. The reading over, th' , i'sK/5"'! again commenced, the co, S^iclal leading the service, which by now a little varied by a distillation of some clear liquid from the teapot. The worshipper held a common glass in his hand, which one of the officials partly supplied from the teapot. The glass was then waved in front of the table, part of its contents being invariably poured upon the ground; the glass being again waved was returned to the table. All the dishes being again duly handled, the worshippers stood up. The old fellow indulged in a broad grin, talking a few sentences in appar ently a congratulatory mood, as much as to say, Well done boys you can now bid defiance both to the devil and the barbarians. During all the ceremonies, although the good things upon the table were often touched with the hands nothing was allowed to approach the lips. Everything combustible which was used upon the occasion was reduced to ashes on the spot, including a jumper and oilskin coat, the later blased up pretty freely. I at one time thought the entire fabric and its con tents were to be included in the burnt offering. I am inclined to believe from what I saw, that the Celestials are true fire worshippers, and I believe that all the prostrations were made in honor of that element. The good things spread upon the table seemed to be arranged for the purpose of more forcibly re minding the worshippers, that they were all ushered into life, sustained and perfected, by the great parent of heat, the sun. The act of pouring out the water upon the ground, was no doubt done to order to show that without irrigation the earth would not produce rice; yet still it required the vivifying rays of the sun to -bring it to maturity. I learned that in the evening there was a regular jollification over the eatables, sided by liberal potations, which produced the common result, a glorious row, in which a good deal of Chinese claret was tapped and ran prettv freely. Not having been present I cannot vouch for the accuracy of the wind up, but I am assured that such was the consummation. 