WHY IS THE NEGRO BLACK ? Our ancient superstitious wonderments are quitting us one by one, and soon there will be no mysteries of ignorance left us. We caught one lately, gMiug out of the door of a labora tory ; but we held it fast, that we might ex amine it carefully, and learn of science tho spell by which it had laid at least ono of the ghosts which used to go aoout the world, and trouble men's minds with falsehoods and cruel ties. Por instance, the negro and his organic difference to the white man — which was the ghost we caught at the laboratory door — how often have we not heard it gravoly argued that his black blood is the mark set on the descendants of Cain, or — on another side — the sign of servitude by which the children of unrighteous Ham aro to be known for over. Wo remember how, in our youthful home, where orthodoxy aud respectable supersti tion were strong, any attempt to explain the physiological cause of that blackness would have been scouted aa impiety, and a presumptuous prying into tho inscrutable ways of Providence, Now, however, times are changed. Nothing is held to bo an unread able riddle; from the formation of worlds to the laws of human life; and, in particular, the problem standing as our text, has assumed to itself an euclid in the person of a Dr Draper of New York, who, in a recent and most elaborate work on human physiology, under takes to explain why the negro is black, and how he becomes so. And these are his steps. Human blood is made up of certain corpuscles called colls, which, amongst many other things, contain globulin — a substance chemi cally between casein and albumen — and baematin. Now, hmmatin is red, and contains an infinite amount of iron. One of the most important wheels in our internal machinery is the liver; and a healthy action o the liver is necessary for the healthy action of every other organ and function. And one of tho duties of tho liver is to help in removing the old and worn out blood-cells, while aiding, at the same time, in the construction of new ones; which duty includes the carrying out from tho system, of all excess of hoematin or iron. A hot climate disturbs tho normal action of the blood ; also of the liver. The imperfect oxygen accompanying great heat not only adds to the darkness of tho arterial blood, but also, by the want of energetic re spiration which it involves, tends to the over fatness and torpidity of the liver. By this in action of tho great cleansing agent, the haematin of the blood-cells accumulates in tho system ; and wandering restlessly about, having no place to go to, and no business there at all, it gradually takes refuge and makes its settle ment in the lower and spherical cells of the cuticle, which it thus bronzes from orange tawny, down to negro black, according to the heat of the climate, the consequent inactivity of tho liver, and the amount of hoematin left as refuse in the system. Whether this expla nation be true or no we leave to subtler phy siologists to decide. But it strikes us as noteworthy from its simplicity, and the air of confidence with which it demolishes one of the ancient mysteries of ignorance. The base form of the skull — technically the prognathous or jaw-protruding — 1 of the negro, is also ascribed to the same cause. Tho liver aids immensely in the working and development of tho brain ; and the brain moulds the skull — ' not tho skull the brain. A man with a diseased or torpid liver never works health fully, or with tho full power of his mental organisation. And what is true of individuals is true also of races. Thus, the inactive liver of hot climates creates a smaller, less ener getic, les3 finely organised, and more basely developed brain than is found in tho temperate latitudes ; passing gradually from the ellip tical skull of the Caucasian — the ideal man — to the pyramidal head of the red or copper colored man down to tho lowest type of all, the prognathous, or jaw-protruding skull of the negro ; as the lines fall .nearer or more distant from the equator. So, by this showing, poor Quashie owes, not only his skin, but his skull, to that unsus pected liver of his : not only the brand of Cain and tho sign of slavery on his hide, but tho cerebral development and ape likeness which ignorance seizes hold of, as the cause and excuse of cruelty. The same reason lies at the other side of tho extreme. Iu very high latitudes, where human life iB nothing but a fierce struggle with nature, the samo copper-colored skin and degeneration of skull are found as under the palm trees and in tho date groves, where man may lie down bonoath their shade, and where nature will feed him un forced. Again duo to the same cause. Cold checks tho action of tho liver equally with heat; and the shivering Esquimaux owes, to his wretched faro and sluggish circulation, his social misery and natural desolate ness, the excess of hsematiu which dyes his skiu, and tho pyramidal skull which marks his mental degeneracy, just as the fiery sun and the languid airs of the tropics brand and disgrace the Mongolian and tho Negro. We may be allowed, perhaps, to feel I a littlo sceptical as to the fact that, upon the stato of a man's liver shall depend in any marked degree the shape of his skull ; but in our common experience there is enough to dis pose us to a little faith in the theory which connects the liver of the negro or the Indian with his skin. The black hair and dark skin belonging to what is called the bilious or the melancholic temperament naturally occur to our miads. Only it is to bo understood that, to attribute to tho natives of tropical or arctic climates skins colored through any disorder of tho liver, would be as great a mistake as any man could mako in reasoning in nature. It would be to suppose that man was created only for life iu the temperate zone, and that in the distribution of races there was no divine design, no diviue wisdom. — Household Words. New York State Finances are in a bad way. — Tue last Legislature made appropria tions amounting in the aggregate to over 3,100,000 dollars, and the whole amount which tho Comptroller can command is less than 1,800,000. And of this amount the greater part is not yet paid in by the County Treasurers — there being duo from tho County of New York alone the sum of 500,000 dol lars. The time within whiih the law requires returns to be mado by the County Treasurers having expired, the Comptroller has directed tho. Attorney General to bring suits against tho delinquents. — New Bedford Mercury. 