MYSTIiUIOUS MUUDER OF TWO CIIINA.MKN. I Wia Mount /ifcvandcv Mail of Monday iiflO ; (l)o foUowin# partirulais of a frightful mur der which h;id been committed at tho Chinese cnuip, Campbell's creek Considerable Btnsation whs cnused yesterday forenoon by tho rumour that the bo -iea of two Chinamen, apparently murdered, had been found on tho Chineso camp, Campbell's orcck, nearly opposite to Caailomaine. Inquiry proved tho truth of this rumour, j bur has net yet discovered any clu« to tho mystery. The /acts known are these About twelve o'clock on Saturday night, the body vf a Chmnmnn was found lying «03r tho dt.or of his t<)nt, tho head being nearly sovo^cd from tbo bedy. Tho ipjunea had been inflicted from behind with some sharp instrument, and in tho dark, apparently, for tho car was cut acro>s several times. 'J he deceased was lying en his faco, about tiro yards ftou hia tent, and there tho murder must hare been com mitted, for there vrae quite a pool of Mood at tho spot. Messengers were despatched to Chu-A.-I.uk, tho Chinese Missionary, who was called out of bed ahbut one o'clock on Sunday morning, but r2fusicf to go to tho place, and directed his countrymen to tho houso of tho headman, who als» we understand refused to go to the place. Tho dcceaaed had occupied a tent by himself; ho had been for some time side, and hid fcaen heard to *ay that when ho was better le wouhl return to China; a cireumstancc which ltd to iho belief that ho possessed a considerablo Bum of money. A Chinaman resident in a tent about thirty ywrdaoff, had bten formerly mate of deceased and hud attended to hin> iu hid illness. Between seven and eight o'clock yesterday morning the wife of a European, whoso t^nfc w<i3 about Beventy yards from that of tho Chicaman, went to a water hole to fill her kettle, and there found the body of uitoth'er Chinaman, who proved to be tho attendant/>» the tick man whoso body waa Brat found. JJo hud a large round jagged wound in the front psrt of his tbroit» The holo is some twelve or fifteen yards from a bush fence, which surrounds an enclosure attached to the tent if the woman who found tho body, aud closo to the ftneo is a largo quauiity of blood. Jn tijo fence clo&o; to tbo blood, waa, aChinese rator, thickly encrusted with blood on both blude and handle. The handle is fthott and h'ght, not stronger than the handle of a penknife. The blade is about an inch long, (irmly fixed to the handle, and is abi>ut an inch broid . th buck is thick, and torininates abruptly as iJOeut abort vtf. Tho water in iho # hole w^r© tho body r»*a8 found, ia plainly tinged wi h Mood, and in a hole adjacent there is a quantity of Wood, aa if the dying man had been first thicwa mto it* thca (9 The theory on the subject, which thoChiaa nwn give, U that th s mim first found was tnriTdorcd by -h'ia attendant for the aakfl of his money, and that(ho murdorcr, hearing an alarm given nnd fearing detection, inflictod tl»o wound onhira.>»c)f with the razor near the fenco, and then went to the hole whoro he was found dead. The scone of (ho tragedy was visited hy a considerable number of p.;oplo in fcho courao of ycaterday. An inquest on the bodies of the deceased will bo held this morn* ing. A Ghost Stohyim OxFonDsnma.-Consider able oxchemonth&a; prevailed foraercral days | at Beokloy, in this county 'and the adjoining [ villages, ocoasionod tfy a report which has been prcity extensively circulated, that a ,,pbost"had takon uphii quarters at a farm houso known as tteckley Lowor Farm, in tho occupation of Mr. Chapman. Suoh was tho rapidity with which tho rumour flow, and Huch waa tho eaqornosa manifested to obtjiio a light of the "haunt'ed houie" [ a lono farm houno lying in a hollow, about * mile to the OHfltr of Bcokley, and about six rnilca from Oxford],that on Friday and Saturday several hundred-and on Sunday it iji computed that no lesa than a thousand-pcrions of all classes of »oriety made a joumoy to the farm in order to satisfy thoir euro ity. Of courao thj rOpnr;« in circulation havo been many and varied,ouch visitor giving a version fiomowhat differing from tho others, but tho following facta may bo relied on an Coming from an "authentio sourco." About tho middle of last week Mr. Chapman had occasion to go from homo, leaving at the houso his wifo, a femalo visitor, a ecrvar.t girl, and four young childron. Soon after ho had gone scones of an ox'raor dinary charaotor commenced. Pieces of the ceilings in ovcry room in tho houso fell down, making a noiao like thunder ; briok after brick c»mo rattling down tho chimney; tiles fell off the roof; and all this without any appa rent human ngeney. Above half the windows in tho house were broken ; atone*, pieces of tiie And plaster wore thrown through them from without with hucH force to break in the leaden frames. And ul. iliis went on in tho op<>n day- ot.o peculiar characteristic of bis ghostahip distinguishing him from tho general- ' ity of hi* fraternity being his invariable quictnes" during the"witchiiig hours of nigh'." when, according to popular bolief, gho^t* de light in indulging t'jeir wanton sports. During the wholu of thcHO terrible eccnea the fi-malts displayed a courage and prodencoof mind truly praiseworthy, which may serve as ;.n ox. ample to all who may havo tho miafortnno to bepluccd in similar riveu'uatancci. At each 3uce oding smash of thj * windows a most rijiid seach <v<tf instituted throughout the grounds adjoining tho house to discover tho perpetrator of tho mischief, but always with, out fcucccss. One extraordinary oircumstanee w;ih, we aro toid, th:U whenever the hricka or planter lell on tho property of tho oecnpior, the aitiolis of furniture unstained no dating?, nor did any of I ho inmates of the house rccoivo any injury, with the exception ot the servant, who had a (rilling bruise on her foio-" head,orc.*5joncd hy the fallingof a piei-o ol tltc ceiling in onool" tho roomn. .Matters continued like this until Monday laat, during tho whole | of which timt? not oven n momentary glimpse I of ih-j ° ghost " oould lut obtained, ()n tho i rnorrjinjr of that day, however, the eurvii/t, 1 who had been engaged in her domestic duties in the upper part of the house, came rushing down stuirfl p*Io with terror, and fell fainting with fright. As soon aa shy lmd aurticiontly recovered to'givo an explanation, alio fluid site had encountered a <l tail dark man *' on the landing of iho stairs, and although closely questioned, and told that aho must havo been deceived, flhe adhered to her statement. AH tho rooms in the houso were immediately examined hy tho men employed on tho farm, hut the supernatural intruder was nowhere to bo found, it having, we have no doubt, usod the pri\ilego onjuyed hy "ghosts" of vanish ing into *' thin air." The effect of tho tfgbt of tho %t tall dark man " on th* servant RUl was such that alio oould not b# induced to remain any longer in tho house, and bha accordingly lett the sanio day. Whether his ghostahip found that his lodging were getting too warm to be comfortable we onnoi flay* but it i* certain that )i0 noc since bi'i-n Ijeard of, and t;H' destruction of property, of which, of courfto he t])0 author, has ceased from th it day. ThcKearc simply tfio facta of ihe cane a* wo heard them from an inmate of the farm, who kindly volunteered the stato munt fr»r rule information, and we Jay thool before our rondor*, leaving them to form their own opinion atf to tho amount of faith to bj placed in thom. The Lower Farm, wIiujIi is a very 0(d one, has, for nearly a eer.tury, hven associated with Many t>,les of a fUpor uaUiri'l churActsr, miu of which, credulously hi-lieved by many of the labouring classy at tho present day, is to thocftcct that a fanner tenant of tho farm wade an agreement wjrh his Situiio Majesty, Nicholas the elder, by i wb?ob lie Hoh\ hmiHolf for a sum of money. A littio wocicl, to tho oast of tho farm, is pointed f ut to the enquiring vinitor;>s tho plueo in wi.ieb the agreement vu.h drawn up, and to which the tenant vrss wont to repair to rcceivo payment of hia wage?. It is added, however, ihnt the ,{ layittg " of tho "evil spirit " vr.is eJfjitJMliy performed, and that theeld man, by Murayj carrying a Kittle iu his puckut eluded fulii Iijiji bin th«re of the bargain. Cer tainly liua apeak* vujiunoa for tho Puii^hten Di.'nt of the mnoteor.ih century! - Oxford Chronicle. A peri lawyer in thy South lately inaultod tho jt'd^r,who ii> ed him 60 dollars. Ho repeated ibe i suit,and th.« Judgc doubled tho tine; ho triwd it aj*nin,and he trebled it. Finally,lie asked perjijtasion to #o home# "Whit for?" suid tho Judge. 14 To buy your honor's papor at tun ran oknt., to pay my fttto." It ii rather a singular jjci uuo ijuv* suicides aro unknown among the Turks, They beiieVo iu prcdeftlinntion, and aro rigid* ly opposed to tho i(h:» ot hastening death by araunic nnti gunpowder. Tho conduct of the i Turks in ttiia particular may therefore iu hold as a modoi for polito imitation. Tiu I.N*ldbscs or a SUIT ov clotuks, A roifactory patient «fc CoJney Hatch w&a; ifl fh« habit ci'teaiin# his clothes into ahrcds Mr.Tycrni&n.ono; ol the roodical olHcef«,otdor cii him to bo dressed in » bran new suit. The poor man, n tailor by trade, either from a professional appreciation of tho raluo of bis new habiliments, or from.binni* touohod by t}.i9 nioik of attention,respected their integ rity, and (com llut moment rapidly recuverod. lloioro tearing the Asylum, ho olatcil that ho owed hia euro to tho goo<i oifect produced upon his mind by heiftR entrusted with this now suit of clothes.---' Quartojly Iteviow." UIATH rnou lour, Ain.-A faUi catAstropho happened on Wednesday in tho Gum Troo Flat, whevoby one moro has b*on added to tho many casualties that have occurred during our mining history. A minor had dascoudod a shaft tl'flt w. w l.oisg sunk on tho above ground, and hi.'mate* at the niudlusB hour i«jj nothing of him for a vrhita, nor gcitia# | any reply iruu him whon spoken to, ouo | of them went do*n and found tho pour &]. low on tho ground against the cornor of tho shaft unable to move .or speak. Tho second man iindi»^ hiujfleif affrcied also by the faitf air signalled to he wound up. Aa aeon as possible tho other w»a hauled up.when hi was (baud to bd at tho poiut of death,and in a few second* ho was quite dead; whoro upon hi« body was removed to his tent near t!)f) Caledonian. We could not learn lha name of tho dcccss^d, but were informed ho wat & young unmutried m*a who hid bocu only two months iu tho colony. - Timet, 