SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. MELBOURNE RACES. SECOND DAY. The circumstances of very bright, sunny weather, and the " great event of the Jockey Club Races operated to attract a considerable concourse of people at these races yesterday on a moderate estimate there could not have been less than ten thousand persons assemble 1 when the Metropolitan Race, in which the Sydney horse and Alice Hawthorne again competed, was run. Owing to the fact of his most interesting event of the day happening at a quarter to four o'clock, the road to cb. 3 ground was not crowded at any period done? the day, but still a steady stream of vehicle! was kept up, and, besides the numerous equestrians and pedestrians, three steamers conveyed full cargoes to the course. The night theatrical arrangement of bills around the course has a very pleasing effect, and, every spot from which a view of the racing could be obtained was occupied with visitors. The course itself had improve since the previous day, and was perfectly dry throughout. Although there was every description of vehicle on the ground, from the barouche to the market-cart, still WJ could not but remark the almost entire absence of our colonial " aristocracy" ; indeed, throughout the day we did not observe six members of either branch of the Legislature. Attached to, or in one with, the ora and Stand, which was well occupied throughout the day, was ranged a line of canvas booths, constructed with far more regard to convenience. and decency than many which we have seen on previous occasions, and, notwithstanding the large number of persons present, and the proportion of flash gentry who were known to be on the; look-out, such was the vigilance of the detective and the other police forces, that not a single gaming-table caught our eye throughout the day's proceedings. We were informed J that several attempts were made on the part of those persons during the day to commence proceedings in the rear of the line of booth. 3 but in every instance their progress was put a stop to. There is one regulation, or rather absence of regulation, which it would be war to provide against for the future, and that I. the permission which equestrians have to gallop around the line of the course in the enclosure between the fence opposite to the; Grand Stand and the posts which mark the course. This practice is inconvenient to several aspects. In the first place, I effectually prevents persons, even on the Grand Stand, from observing the progress of the race : and, in the second place, such a rush of horses together is calculated to interfere materially with the issue of the race itself. Yesterday this was unmistakeable apparent. For the trotting race five started and among them one which excited the curiosity of the assemblage, on account of the disparity which seemed to exist between him and his competitors. Donald presented at the appearance of a butcher's pony, which has neither received the attentions of the trainer nor any extensive acquaintance with the stable; but yet, throughout thewhoiowb.il twice around the course he showed in front and was never displaced. On the third round the number of horses gallopping by his side disturbed the equanimity of Donald's pace end he broke into a gallop. Having, const quently, to retrace his steps, two c Lis competitors passed him, and he never a pained his lead. There can be no doubt but that Donald would have won the race if those gentlemen who wished to try to paces of their animals had been compelled fade pt some other place. The Sydneyites do not carry everything before them yesterday notwithstanding that Veno won the M tropoiitan.iwor their second horse, Oooraml was not only beaten by an outsider, who w, altogether out of the betting, but was" n where" during the entire race for the Pub ( f\ 8.' Pqige, Those gentlemen who are so . T;, A he knew all about such matters too we completely nonplussed about the issue of to 5 race. ; for Linnet, who was not in du and or its w-inu-cLwl^rToí " ' "" Robert, Cooramin JJ! "Lenora" competitors, reached the ndnaing-popt before either of them, and obtained a first ration very easily. A complaint was made against the rider of Nanr the winner of the Pony Race, that he "ke swerving" and prevented Katty Darling fro passing him but the judges decided in face of Nanny. The complaint, as it appeared he, was altogether unfounded and frivolous 8-9 the Metropolitan nine horses started, i eluding Veno and Alice Hawthorne. ( this race the Sydney men offered long one but so far at we could observe, the offers we not taken. Hurricane went off with the les followed by Goldfinder, Veno being in the attendance upon the mare, and taking watch and stride with her at length, however, who Higgerson thought his time was come, he 1 out the horse, and he was landed an easy win ner ; Voltaire, second ; Alice Hawthorne, tk The position of the mare in the race justify the riding of Mr. Orr on the previous day-; " shows the imputations rabies. were on \- .i1S«.iuït,tJAftt gentlemen to IV most u lust. Alice was" ridden by one of the bl jockeys to be obtained yesterday, and no cor plaints were made of his riding, and by the position she took was not in any mann improved. With the exception of the Mcti person., the racing of yesterday was rather below than above the average. Subjoined is detailed account of the day's proceedings: Tur.riinLiiuNS' Purse of! 100 Sovs. For all horses. I r rain t ?, 7 sovs. ; one mile. Weight for age 9-2 yr 9 st. '2 lb ; 3 yrs 7 st. 7 lb. ; 4 yrs., 9 st. 4 lb. ; j is 6 st 12 lb. ; 0 yrs. and aged, 10st. 4 lb. Mr. Harvey's b. m. Limit, 6 yrs. Mr. B. D. Clark's br. g. Haphazard, aged Marco, Dermot Asthore, Sir Robert, K <3aie, Cooramin, Stranger, and Beeswing al started, but were not placed. Latest betting: 8 to 1 against Sir Robert 4 to 1 against Cociamin, 6 to 1 against Ho hozaid, G to 1 against Dermot Asthore. After a false start, the lot went away w> together, Dermot showing in front, dogs waited on by Stranger. On entering a heavy ground under the hill the two we racing neck and neck, Master Dermot gi ling a few smart reminders," and con quietly still keeping a slight lead. Corni; out of the heavy ground Haphazard came the front, and a good race ensued when, however, almost close to the Gira brand, to the astonishment of every one -and the particular discomfort of t: " knowing ones," Linnet rushed, a parently without trouble, to the front, a come in an easy winner. Tim POM- STAKES of 20 sovs., with a sweepstakes 2 Sovs. added. For all ponies of 14 hands and under one mile and a half. Handicap weights. Mr. Jenkins's. m. Nanny, 6 to.,.. Mr. Powell's b. m. Katty Barling, aged. This bit of sport, although " only a po race," excited much interest. A capital site was made, Nanny " showing the road," with e old favorite, Katty, at her heels. The I canary kept them in sight as far as the go when he bolted, and, after having a " am go " all to himself, his rider pulled him i and started for the course, but far too late have a chance of nearing his late competitor Nanny continued the lead, very closely 1 lowed by Katty, the latter dropping a ton astern under the Hill, doing her best, power she again placed herself near Nanny's us and, considering their size and conseqm speed, ran a fine race in; Katty being done to improve her position. An objection v made to the stakes being awarded Nanny, on the grounds that her rider h swerved her, and BO prevented Katty'spassii The decision was, however, given most p pelly, in favor of Nanny. We believe Ka never could have passed her, and we regret see any attempt made to wrest the ha earned laurels from the little mare. Tns. TROTTERS' HANDICAP RACE. 150 sovs. J France, 10 sovs. Second horse to receive back entrance money. Three times round the cou 4 J miles. Mr. J.Wonston's g. g. Rambler, aged, 11 st... Mr. Watson's g. m. Betty, aged, 10 st. 7 lb. For this race Donald, Tommy, and Fay Grey also started. At starting Donald (an old, dry, dock tailed, butohev's-looking running pony) to the lead, and.' although closely followed a hard pressed by Betty and Rambler stead kept his lead. Small as he was, and great was the distance to be run, in coming from the first time he looked as if he was ready " a week at the same pace." Betty second, c Rambler third. PuShed hard as he was second time round, he was still lei Ing ; Rambler, a fine likely-looking ho t j are all he could to give him the " go bye Mil Betty following at a respectful distance The others had broken again and again, a word, of course, out of the match. When ab half way over the course on the third son the plucky little Donald " broke," owing the crowds of horses most improperly allow to gallop close alongside; and, although . cleverly pulled up and turned, was unable collar his more powerful opponents, and v to the regret we believe of all spectators, c If quently beaten. Time 14 minutes 3 seconds. THE GREAT ílKTROroi.irAtí IlAtfiucAr. - 200 so added to a sweep take-off IS no%s.;10 ft., or 6 c . if declared on the 1st October. Two miles. ' winner of any race of the value t>f £luO,'sul amount to the publication of the weights, it can lb. extra ; or any two such races, 10 ft. cure. Mr. G. T. Rowe's ch. g. Veno, aged, 9 st. 7 lb. Mr. E. Jenkins's ch. g. Voltaire, 5 by ra., 7 at. 12 lbs. 2 Mr. Chirnside's g. m. Alice Hawthorne .. to Mr. Collett's b. g. Hurricanes Van Tromp, Inkermann, Goldfinder, Alma, and Will of the- Wisp, ohio started. Betting : Others £600 to £200, Veno against against the lot ;' 3 to 1 against Van Tromp for second place; 2 to 1 against Alice for second place, but no takers. The first start was a false one, but on the horses again getting "ship-shape a good start was effected, Hurricane leading and making inst running, followed by Goldfinder and Will-o'-the-Wisp. On passing the Stand the leading horses maintained their several positions, followed, at a short distance, by Veno and Alice Hawthorne, side by side manoeuvre beautifully managed by Higger Bon; the rest in the ruck. These position were retained until about reaching the gate, when Veno quietly went forward and took the lead, followed closely by Voltaire, and waited on by Hurricane. Alice looked Ürely, improved her pace, passed Hurricane near the diatunce-post, and came in a good third. Veno ran in easy, his rider looking back to see if he wanted " more steam " (evidently at his command), and the Sydney horse was again declared victorious. The day's sports concluded with the BUnnY STAKES. £6 SOVS. (for all horses), with a Sweepstakes of 8 304. added. Weight for age. Three-quarters of a mile. The winner to be sold by auction immediately after the race, for not less than £60, and any surplus to go to the race fund. Post entrance For this race the following entires were made : st. to. Mr. Thorn's b. g. Gimcrack, 6 yrs. .. 90 1 Mr, Phillips's b. g. Bagman, 3 yrs. 7 la Mr. Evans's ch. g. Chance, aged. 16 I | Mr. Godwin's b g. O'iost, aged 0 Mr. Vance's b. g. Morourio, 8 yrs. .. '.. 7 12 Mr. Powell's ch. g. Kelso, 4 yrs. 9 4 Mr. Mild!ck'8g. g. Fiocholdor, aged 10 1 Mr. Brown's b. g. Snake, aged 10 1 Gimcrack, although certainly the most sightly of the lot, proved a "whipper- in." The lead was taken by Freeholder, and kept pt sessions of up to the winning-post, in spite of steel and whipcord, of which there was a liberal display. Smikc showed up as number two, and the Ghost third. The muster at Tattersall's last night was scanty, and nothing whatever doing in the betting line. The programme for to-day's races is as follows : THIRD DAY, FRIDAY. "The Grand Spring Handicap Steeplechase of 200 sovs. Entrance, 10 sovs. About three miles, over such course as the stewards may appoint. Winners of any Steeplechase of the value of £100, after the publication of the weights, to carry 7lb. extra. st. lb. Mr. B. D. Clark's bl. g. Camel, aged jp.. ,. 12 0 Mr. Abbott's b. g. Walkover, aged 11 7 Mr. Jillett's bl. g. Rambler, aged 11 5 Mr. B Purcell's cb. g. Triton, aged .. 1110 Mr. Geo. Watson's b. g. Lottery, aged .... 10 10 Mr. J. H. Willlams's bl. g. Blackboy, aged 10 7 THE DITIONAL SELLING STEEPLECHASE -Of 100 sovs. ; entrance, S sovs. ; weight for ago, with allowances and penalties; 4 yrs, 10st 7lb. ; 6 yrs, 10st 10lb. ; t j ra and aged, 12st 7lb. The winner to be sold for £100. Horses entered not to be sold, to carry 10lb. extra. If ordered to be sold for £150, allowed 7lb.; for £100, allowed 141.; for £50 allowed 20s. for 802., followed 2616. The winner, if priced, to be sold by auction after the race, and the surplus to go to the race fund. Over the same course as in the Grand Steeplechase. Mr. Hill's br. g. Brummy, aged (£100 Mr. Bronson's gr. g. Nimrod (£80) Mr. Cowper's br. g. Comus, aged (£150) Mr. Bignell's gr. g. Isaac, aged (£50) Mr Abbott's ch. g, Fivey, aged (2 150) B Mr. Hughes's gr. g. Grey Friar, aged (GEO). A SWEEPSTAKES Of 25 sovs., 15 ft. with 100 sovi.jidded for all horses. Weight for age ; two JTB , a feather 8 yrs., 9 st. 8 lb.; 4 yrs., 9 st.; 5 yrs., 9 st. 12 lb.; 6 yrs. and aged, 10 st. 4 lb. Three miles. Mr. T. M. Crosbie b, g. Hunter, aged Mr. G. T. SOV.O'B ch. g. Veno, aged Mr. Warby's bl. h. Cardinal Wiseman, 0 years Mr. B. Purcell's br. g. Tomboy, aged Mr. A. Chirnside's g. m. Alice Hawthorn, aged I Mr. Stephens' gr. g. Woodpecker, aged Mr. W. Fraser's b. g. Van Tromp, aged Mr. Keighran's b. g. Mosstrooper, aged Mr. W. Jenkins's ch. g. Voltaire, 6 years. THE FORCED BENDIGO n OflBsovs^, for all ".'- __,__ ii P"""" winners during the meeting the. -way, country, and Hack Stakes excepted). Losers I remitted on payment of 5 SOVS. One mile and a, 'half. Entries of losers to be made immediately upon the termination of the previous race. at" Tntt HACK RACE Of 25 sovs. ; entrance, 2 Sovs. : senior "..,,,,, . hw than 5 st. Once round IST "$¡""7 new tote sold by auction after the ff; 41 W."or , ought, to go to the race fund. is for it- and any 