SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. PER THE EUROPEAN. As the Overland Mail ia expected to close this afternoon, we have prepared, as usual, the fol lowing Summary, descriptive of our Political, Commercial, and Social condition at the present date. We begin with topics of political in terest : — A POLITICAL CRISIS. At last, the old oligarchy has given up the ghost, and the colony is at this moment passing through what may almost be termed a political ? i _ 1.* ? ~ i.u^ : revoiuuun. UIi ui&uu; u 1 tug oiuiuawuD, wiv Ilaines Ministry sustained such a signal defeat in the Assembly, that it left them no alternative but immediate resignation, and they resigned accordingly. A new Administration under the leadership of Mr O'Shanassy, was immediately formed ; and that gentleman is now the Chief Secretary of Victoria. We shall briefly narrate the circumstances which led to this very import ant and significant event. i The Haines Cabinet was the first ostensibly responsible Ministry established in this country. It will be remembered, however, that they as sumed that position for themselves by a very adroit act of political strategy. They got them selves, on the arrival of the New Constitution ' released from office on political grounds,' and reappointed by the Governor, without-submitting to the ordeal of popular election^ The old Legis lative Council, then in session, protested against that course ; but, a division being taken on the question, * the Ministry carried it against tho re presentative members by a bare majority of one, — that one having been obtained by private nego tiation during the debate. On the strength of that victory they carried on the Government for another twelvemonths, purposely postponing the assembling of the new Parliament to the very latest moment allowed by law. At the beginning of the present (its first) session, in November last, they met the Parliament with an assumed air of great confidence in the strength of their position, and laid before it a very extensive pro gramme of projected measures. Every disposition was evinced by the Assembly to allow them the fullest advantage of their situation. The Oppo sition, though numerous and powerful, were not eager to displace them from office, nor did they show any disposition for factiously thwarting their measures ; on the contrary, they cordially joined with them in forwarding the practical business of public affairs. Their conduct, in fact, was so conspicuously forbearing, that both Mr Haines and Mr Stawell, (before his retirement,) bore emphatic and grateful testimony to the fact, — a compliment which Mr Haines and his party are not likely to earn for themselves in opposition, if we are to judge by present appearances. They, at least, have had a 'fair trial.' But as the session advanced, it became more and more evident that, m spite of their imposing programme and assumed confidence, the Haines j Cabinet were inherently incapable, from sheer intellectual weakness,' of « conducting the Govern ment of the country. They were especially weak on the all-important point of finance. Day after day fresh revelations were made to tho Assembly and the country of serious and unpardonable errors in their management of the public reve nues. One day they had to acknowledge an unauthorised appropriation of several hundred thousand pounds ; and on another, they had to confess that their estimates of revenue for the current year were too high, and would require to be supplemented by the extraordinary means of not spending the greater portion of a large grant just voted by the House for a special purpose ! Instances of this financial blundering continually accumulating, and proving beyond doubt their total incapacity for their position, dissipated com pletely all public confidence in the Haines minis try. Their warmest friends were left without a single word even of apology for them. It was felt that their doom was sealed. It was on all hands acknowledged that their continuance in office would prove positively ruinous to the country. In the meantime the Cabinet itself was under going a rapid progress of disintegration. The Chief Justiceship happening to fall vacant, through the retirement, from permanent ill health, of Sir William A'Beckett, the post was accepted by Sir Stawel), Attorney-General, the leader and mainstay of the Ministry — in fact, the Ministry. The office of Chief Agent for the colony in England, and Head of the Emigration Department, happening also to require filling up, it wa3 self-appropriated by Mr Childers, Commis sioner of Trade and Customs. Mr Fellows, Solicitor General, having accepted the post vacated by Mr Stawell, was obliged to appeal to his constituents. The strength of the Treasury benches wa3 thus somewhat reduced. In this predicament, the Premier appealed to the House to postpone im portant business until these vacancies had been filled up ; but to this request the House de murred, a- being unieccssary, and detrimental to the public interests. The Opposition offered, however, to concede that any casual adverse vote should not be deemed a Ministerial defeat ; but this concession Mr Haines contemptuously re fused. When, therefore, he found himself de feated on a question unforeseen at that boastful mo v.ent, it could not be justly alleged against the Opposition that they had taken an unfair ad vantage of his position. At length, the inevitable day of reckoning ar rived. When the House entered upon the consi deration of' the estimates, the Treasurer was asked for a' revised budget,, his financial state ment having been made three months previously, and no discussion having been taken on it in the interim. In reply, Mr Sladen admitted a serious falling off in some of the items of revenue, particularly that proposed to be levied upon the squatters ; and when asked how the deficit was to be made up, he replied that of a sum of ?£270,000, which hud just been voted by the As sembly in aid of the new Immigration scheme, only about £120,000 would be actually expended this year ; so that there would be 'a saving' (!) of £150,000 under that head alone. The House listened with amazement to the statement that its deliberate votes were proposed to be thus coolly thrust aside. In appropriating the amount just named for a special department, the House had no other idea than that the money would be spent exactly as voted ; and to this new doctrine of repudiating the votes of the Legislature they could not yield assent. The Head of the new Department, Mr Childers, seeing the dilemma into which his colleague had fallen, endeavored to help him out of it by a plausible explanation — which only made the matter worse than it was before. Mr Haines next tried, and was unfortu nate enough to give an explanation differing from the two previous ones, and flatly at variance with that of the Treasurer. In fact, the Ministry had got themselves into a difficulty from which no explanation could extricate them. The more they explained, the deeper they got into the mire. Their conduct in thi3 matter was the subject of universal condemnation both in the House and out of it. Everybody felt it to be absolutely ne cessary that the Haines Ministry should be dis placed. It had become a nuisance which could no longer be tolerated. Accordingly, on the 3rd inst., when the House was moved into a Committee of Supply, Mr O'Shanassy proposed the following amendment: — ' That before proceeding to further consider the ' Estimates, this House feels bound to express ' its serious disapprobation of the course pursued ' by her Majesty's Government, in obtaining a 'vote for immigration for 1857, which exceeds ' by nearly £150,000 the sum they proposed to ' spend in that service, — a proceeding calculated ' to create confusion in the public accounts, and i ' render futile the laborious efforts of the Com- I ' mittee of Supply to introduce economy into the 1 ' public expenditure.' — The seconder of this 1 amendment was Mr Michie, member for the city. I A sharp debate of eight hours length ensued, in | the course of which Mr Haine3 distinctly inti- | mated, in a half-boasting, half-threatening | manner, that he would accept the amendment as 1 a vote of want of confidence, and 3 would, therefore, resign office if defeated. ? i When the division was taken, it showed a majo- | rity of six against Ministers, the numbers i being 29 to 23. In the majority, the name of I every man of ability, influence, and high position | in the House (with the exception of the official ;| members themselves), was included. The mi- ^ nority was composed of 4 Ministers, 6 subor- | dinate paid officials, and only 13 non-official | members, amongst whom there was not a singla | man of any mark in the House. The defeat, there- | fore, was 6ignal, decisive, final. When the divi- i sion was announced, Mr Haines rose and intima- | ted the intention of Ministers to resign. This 1 they did on the following day, and the formation H of a new Cabinet was therefore entrusted by Hia jg Excellency to Mr O'Shanassy, tho mover of the | amendment, and acknowledged leader of the -| Opposition. So fell the wretched old oligarchy — the last | remnant of the old system of Downing street des- | potism in Victoria. Their fall broke to frag- S meuts, also, the remains of that clique who | insolently assumed to be the exclusive govern- | ing class of the colony; it. introduced the | reality of Responsible Government, of which | we had only previously possessed the shadow and | pretence : and it affords the first opportunity of | testing the principle of popular election to | office. That the verdict against the fallen « Cabinet was something more than that of an acci- j dental adverse majority in the Assembly, is un- \ deniable. It has received all but the universal ritification of the Press and the country at large. There may be different opinions as to the compo sition of the new Cabinet, but there is only one asto the necessity of displacing the old ; and it is everywhere felt that, whatever novel combina tion of political parties may ultimately arise out of the present state of transition, it is impossible that the old oligarchy can ever be re-constructed, or tho exploded system re-established. 