RE-ELECTION OF MR.VoNES. The nomination of candidates for the seat vacant in the representation of the County of Durham through the acceptance of the office of Finance Minister by Mr. Jones, took place on hriday, September 25, at the Court-house, Paterson. Mr. E. G. Cory proposed Mr. Richard Jones as a fit and proper person to repre sent the county of Durham in the Legis lative Assembly. Mr. John Newman seconded the nomi nation. No other candidate being proposed, the Returning Officer declared Richard Jones, Esq., duly elected to serve as member of the Legislative Assembly for the County of Durham. (Loud Cheers.) Mr. Jones, after thanking the electors for the honour conferred upon him, pro ceeded to justify his acceptance of office, and with reference to the leading matters likely to engage the attention of the Go vernment, said — There are no doubt many questions of very great importance and very great urgency which press for settlement at the present time; but it would be idle for the public to expect that any considerable number of those great questions which re quire to be carefully matured, and which will involve a considerable e mount of time in their discussion in the Assembly, can be disposed of during the short session about to be resumed. The Government, there fore, have come to a determination of making a selection of those questions which press most urgently for settlement, and en deavouring to deal with some two or three of them. After our assuming office we felt that the land question, although it was a very important and very difficult one, re quired to be at once dealt with. There fore we have determined to lay before the Assembly, immediately after its meeting, a bill to provide for the management and disposal of the waste lands of the colony. It will hardly be expected, in stating generally my own views and the views of the Ministry with whom I am connected in reference to this question, that I should commit myself to the exact details of the measure we intend to propose. It will be, I think, sufficient for all practical purposes if I indicate the principle generally. And first, with reference to the disposal of land — to the sale of the laud I think on every ground of policy, and the social and moral welfare of the colony, it is desirable that the lands of the colony should pass I out of the possession of 'he Grown into the hands of private individuals. (Hear, hear.) I think, therefore, every facility should be offered for the disposal of these lands, and that a price should be placed upon them which should not be prohibitory. As re gards !-ome of the lands of this colony, I think the present minimum price is a price which will admit of profitable purchase. But I believe this is only true as regards a small section of the lands. I do not think £1 an acre is a prohibitory price upon first-class lands, advantageously placed with regard to agriculture. I believe, if a large quantity of the lands best adapted for agri culture were to be thrown into the market at the present upset price of £1 per acre, many persons would be found to purchase them. That price is not in any degree pro hibitory for first-class agricultural lands, and I think, therefore, it may be safely re tained for lands of that class. (Hear, hear.) But I conceive that the great bulk of this colony are not adapted for agricul ture, and for many years, perhaps genera tions, will not be adapted for agriculture ; and I do consider that the present price fixed upon the whole of the lands is prac tically a bar upon the sale of the lands. I do not think it is desirable that this pro hibition should be continued. I think it is desirable that the general lands of the colony should be offered for sale at a price which would admit, in common with agricul tural lands, of a profitable purchase. And looking at this con- ideration, I do not think that a greater minimum price than 5s. per acre can be judiciously fixed for the general lands of the colony. (Hear, hear.) And that, I believe, is the price the Govern ment will submit to the Parliament for tho general lands of the colony. (Hear, hear.) However seriously I may object to many of the conditions under which the squatters at present hold the lands of t,he colony, I am bound to state that I shall not be pre pared to violate in any degree any of the engagements to which the Government of the colony has come with the squatters ; and although it would be convenient and in many respects beneficial that the whole of the squatting system should be at once re vised, I feel that it is not open to us with out violating tho engagements made with the squatters, to which, I think, we are bound to adhere. I think that, as theso gentlemen have obtained leases, or promises of leases, you cannot curtail the time for vVhich those leases have been granted ; and I think you cannot withdraw the pre-emptive rights which have been distinctly conferred upon them by Orders in Council, however mistaken the policy under which those rights were conferred. I think, therefore, these engagements must be respected ; and if any portions of such lands arc required by the Crown, the terms must be made with the individual squatters who hold those lands. But, while I hold this view with regard to this point, I conceive that the squatters are not in a position to claim that the mere nominal rent should be continued without variation ; for power was reserved under the Orders in Council of re-adjusting the price which they pay for these lands. I have very little doubt that the squatters themselves, and others who take up their position, are inclined to hold that the terms on which they hold those land3 cannot be changed without violation of the engage ments made with them. But I do not think that that will hold good when the Orders in Council and the course of legislation which has followed are taken into consider ation. The Legislature has, in fact, estab lished the principle that in addition to the rent an assessment can be levied ; and they have also established that the assessment so levied is applicable not merely to the local purposes of the squatters but to the general purposes of the colony. And I think, act ing upon that principle, the Government can, once for all, during the currency of those leases, take upon themselves to fix such an assessment as shall relieve the in equalities which now exist. That will be the course which the Government will be prepared to take. But in dealing prospec tively with the matter, they will endeavour to lay down conditions which shall obviate the evils which have arisen under the exist ing squatting sytem. They are not in any degree bound to continue this indiscrimin ate pre-emptive right. They are not bound to continue to give leases of long duration. They are entitled, whilst leasing out the Crown lands for these temporary purposes, to take ample and clear power in auy leases to go in upon these runs at any time when they shall be required for the actual pur pose of sale. I think no Government will do its duty that shall give its sanction to any prospective squatting system which (loos not most carefully secure this power to the Crown j so that squatting shall not be turned from its proper purpose — that of oc- T. oupying the waste lands of tho colony uutil they are required for permanent occupation. Aud in the event of the presont Govern-? ment, iu the solution which they will offer for the settlement of this question, finding they have failed through the squatting in?- flucuces in the House, I think it will be quite a matter of consideration whether they shall uot appeal from the decision of the House to that of the whole country — (cheers)- — and so refer the matter from those who are interested as individuals to the whole body of the colony. Another most important question which presses ur gently for settlement, is a measure which will provide for the local self-government of the colony. There can be no doubt, too, that we are arriving at that position th.it additional taxation will have to be imposed, and that this additional taxation will have to assume more cr less the form of direct taxation. I think it is infinitely pre ferable that this power of direct taxa tion, which will mainly be applied for local improvements, should, instead of being in the hands of the general Govern ment, be handed over to the municipal bodies, to be exercised iu such way as they from time to time may feel to be necessary and as they well know to be beneficial. Now, iu the first establishment of municipal bodies throughout the colony, there will be considerable difficulty to encounter. There will be expense to incur which perhaps in the earliest stages of their existence will be more than these municipal bodies can grapple with, unless they get some addi tional assistance over and above their local taxation. And with a view, of inducing the inhabitants of the colony generally to assume these duties at as early a period as possible, it would, I think, be politic to offer to them assistance from the general revenue of the colony until they get fairly under weigh. And it will be one of the advantages in the bill to be introduced by the Government to hold out to the various local municipalities some assistance from the general rovcuve as a supplement to the means which they will derive from local taxation. In reference to this matter, I believe the present Government will i en deavour at the same time to introduce a measure having reference to what may, in fact, be called the national roads of the colony. We know very well that the colony is intersected by w hatfnaybe rega r d cd as three great lines of roads — the line running from Sydney to Bathurst, to the westward; the line ruuning from Sydney to Albury, to the gouth ; and the road ruuning to Morpeth, ip fact to Brisbane northward. These great lines are lines in which the whole community may be said to be interested. It is for tho interest of all parties in the colony that these lines should be kept opeu, and should be accessible, and that the means of transit to and from the ports aud markets of the colony, should be such that the producers of the colony can gend their produce to market and can re ceive their supplies with facility. The Government will, therefore, propose that these great trunk lines should be withdrawn from the management of any local bodies, and should be placed under the manage ment of the general Government of the country ; -because they feel -tlrat-if— placed- uuder local bodies with powers of taxation, those who live near the coast would be en abled to derive a very much larger revenue than those in the interior, and would in fact derive so ippch revenue at the expense pf the Jess happily placed colonists as to exempt themselves from any direct taxa tion. The Government think these main lines of roads will be safer under the bands of the general Government than under any local Government ; and I think under proper management these lines can be kept in a much better position than they now pre, and that without involving an outlay beyond the means of the Government to afford. (Cheers.) Tho third large ques tion with which the Government intend to endeavour to deal during the coming session, is one to provide for the more effectual administration of justice through out the interior. I think every facility should be afforded for obtaining criminal justice in remote districts. And simulta neously with this provision, an arrangement will be made to admit of ci\il justice being more facilitated in the interior. At the same time it will be necessary that the Government, in changing the present system, should not incur any unnecessary expense, or saddle the country with a staff of officials who will have no opportunity of earning their, sa'ariep. The work, though very important, is one that will have to be dealt with in a practical spirit. Provision will have to be made where the urgency is felt from time to tone, the Go vernment having conferred upon thcin power which will enable them as necessity arises to make provision for administering criminal and civil justice. That, I believe, will complete the list of the more important questions to which the Ministry will con fine themselves during the present session There are no doubt other matters with which they will have to deal, but these matters are, compared with those I have beeu alluding to, subordinate and unim portant, and it is perhaps unnecessary that I should detain the meeting by alluding to them. As regards the office with which I am more immedia'ely connected, I must confess that I view my duties with a con siderable amount of misgiving : for' al- 1 I T though I cannot say there is anything at all alarming in the present financial condi tion of the colony, I do say that the finan cial affairs of the colony are in a condition to make any thoughtful man very anxious as to how they are in future administered. I consider that during the la->t two or three years the course that has been pur.-ued with reference to the incurment of debt, has been a very rash aud a very unwise one. An immense amount of debt has been in curred by this colony daring the last two or three years, I will not say an amount beyond its resources to meet, but beyond what I think prudence would have dic tated to have been incurred in so short a time. Tho debt which lias been incurred by this colony during the last two or three years is, taking proportionately into ac count the population, resources, and re venues of the mother country, almost equivalent to England having incurred a debt amounting to a hundred or a hundred and fifty millions during the same short period. And I am satisfied that no states man at home, except under the pressure of very great necessity, would have taken a course which would have led to so large an amount of debt being incurred within so short a period. I consider, therefore, it is highly desirable that, as far as practicable, the colony should pull up, as it were, anil take a review of its position before it goes further into debt, except under a pressure which cannot be avoided. And certainly, so long as the financial affairs of the colony are entrusted to me, I shall be very wary and very careful indeed how I commit tho colony to any debt which can be avoided. There is no doubt that if railways are to be carried on, and carried on by the Go vernment, they can only be carried on by anticipating the means of tho colony and incurring a debt. The colony is already committed to a certain extent to carrying on these railways in their present form, and I think so loDg as these railways partake of the character of trunk lines, it may be safe and advisable to continue those lines. But I believe even this extension must be entered upon cautiously, and I think they ought not to be loosely and suddenly carried on at a great cost. I am not aware that, there is any other question on which I need detain the meeting, and Ishall, there fore, content myself with once "more thank ing the electors of Durham for the confi dence they have been pleased to express in me. A new trial is to be moved for in the Newtown ejectment ease — Doe Dem. Devine V. Wilson and others. Such a motion as this was pretty certain, whichever partyj gained the verdict, and it is almost equally' sure there will be another appeal to the Privy Council ere the case is finally settled. It is scarcely to be expected that an action involving so enormous an amount of pro perty can be concluded by any other means than a final judguieut in favour of one or other of the parties by the highest appellate tribunal to which they can resort. — Herald. The late Collision.— -The preliminary investigation into the circumstances attend ing the running down of the Champion by the Lady Bird was brought to a close on Wednesday, at the Melbourne Police Court. The first mates of both vessels were committed for trial for a misdemeanor. The Victorian Land Bill. — The " Lords " have thrown out the Land Bill. In a full House, only two members being absent, this often discussed measure was rejected by twentyrone against six. Mr. Strachan was the only member who spolie in favour of the readiug of the bill, and suggested the more statesmanlike course of amending rather than rejecting it unread. A Lucky Digger. — The Muckelford cor respondent of the Miner's Right records the following piece of luck:— There are about fifty persons at work in Green Gully- A miner, George Madder, aud his wife (she was working as his mate), were so for tunate as to meet with a nugget weighing 76 ounces, and other gold — making the handsome sum of £400 for one week's work. Infanticide. — In the Melbourne Age of the 20th wo find the following particulars of a case of infanticide: — Scarcely a day now passes without developing some hideous stigma upon the character of the colony. The latest enormity is the cruel murder of an illegitimate child by its mother at Ben- digo. The body was found in a creek, and suspicion was attracted towards a married woman, who was at once put under arrest. On the inquest, her husband, Diehard Valance, gave the fallowing evidence: — I am a miner; the prisoner now present is my wife; we have been married about two months; on the first night after we were married, I was under the impression that the prisoner was in the family-way; I did not tell her my opinion ; about seven o'clock last Sunday morning the prisoner was taken ill ; she did not tell me what was amiss with her ; I made some gruel for her ; I also gave her some burnt brandy; after that T left her in bed in my tent, and went to a store about three hundred yards off ; 1 remained there till sometime after twelve o'clock at noon. When I returned home 1 found the prisoner still in bed; I asked her if she wanted anything; she replied no; I then went to cook my own dinner; whilst doing so, the prisoner got out of bed and dre-sed herself ; she left the teut about ball an hour after ; on her return, I no t iced small marks of blood- on, her hands; I asked her what was the matter; she ex? plained it in a way natural!' ; in about an hour I returned, and found her in bed ; I soon afterwards heard from a boy that there- was a child drowned in the creek and he showed it to me; I took some men , with me, and the boy showed us the body of the deceased lying in the Eaglehawk Creek, about two hundred yards from my tent ; my tent was the nearest to that part of the creek where the body was found ; I gave information to police constable llyan; he took the child out of tho creek ; I then asked my wife if she knew anything about tho child that was drowned ; she said " No " ' at first, but afterwards said that she did ;'I understood her to say that the deceased was her child ; I gave the prisoner in charge of the constable; I saw a sign of blood on the bank of the creek \vhere I found the deceased's body ; the prisoner said that" the - deceased was dead born ; the prisoner gave me to understand that it was through fear of ine she made away with the body. — Me dical evidence established the fact that the child had been born alive ; so the wretched woman stands committed for wilful murder. A Ghost Story. — A rather incredible tale has been narrated by several persons from Wullombi, whilst in Maitland during the Assizes. The statement has been cor roborated so far that the woman, who says she has been favoured with a visit from a denizen of another world, is known to re side on the Quarrybolong estate, and in the cottage which is referred to. The story runs thus: — A woman named Laskett, shortly after her arrival in the country, some three years since, went and took up her abode in a hut on the Quarrybolong estate, the property, we believe, of Mr. Close. Frequently Mrs. Laskett imagined that she saw a something which she could" not describe, apparently playing at hide and seek behind the trees, and then around the hut, but having no belief in ghosts s li cT'pu t it down as an optical del usion ; Within the last six months, however, this mysterious something assumed a more natural form. At first it appeared like a bundle of woman's clothes", suspended in the air, and used to delight in hovering over a water-hole, in the creek, a little dis tance from Mrs. Laskett's hut; but the momentary fear and trepidation which va3 occasioned by this apparition having sub sided, nothing more was thought of it. At last the woman's clothes, when next seen, were on an apparently aged female ; her face was pale and wan, and miserable to look upon. Lifting up one of her bands she beckoned Mrs. Laskett to follow her ; but flesh and blood cpuld not stand the fright, and the poor woman had fainted. Night after night this ghostly visitor ap peared, but fright prevented Mrs Laskett from obeying her injunction. At length she determined upon the next visit to muster up courage enough to address the ghost, and ask her why she continued to haunt her. Tho next uight came, and at the usual hour the ghost appeared, looking a shade more miserable than on previous occasions. Mustering up courage Mrs.' Laskett said " Who arc you ?" 'i'iio ghost . then told her that her naiuo was , and that many years ago sho. resided in that hut, that whilst there sho hud been foully murdered by , and beckouing with her hand,, she. said, " Vol lew me, and I will show you where I lie buried." Mrs. Las kett followed, and was taken down to this water-hole, over which she had so often seen the strange sights. The ghost was silent until arriving at the hole, when turning round slie said, " My body is there" and disappeared. Since tlien Mrs. Laskett has not been troubled with licr visitor. Not knowing what to think of this appari tion and discovery, she decided upon ask ing the advice of her neighbours. Tho story created some excitement, and this ex citement was increased when, upon search ing the record of the Wojlombi police court, it was discovered that a woman named had resided in that hut, and that she had disappeared iu a most myste rious manner. A private inquiry, we are told, was held, and Mrs. Laskett was questioned and cross-questioned, but her story was iu no. way sliakon. They were unable, however, to test its trutli by search ing for the supposed body in tho water-, hole, in consequence of the quantity of water at present in it, but intend, \vo be lieve, doing so when it subsides. Wte are also told that tho person who was named as the murderer is still residing in the dis trict. What makes this strange story " more wondrous strange," is tho fact of Mrs. Laskett being only a new band in the colony, and therefore unacquainted with cither the names of the former occupants of her house or with tho circumstances of the mysterious disappearance of an aged woman . — Maitland Mercwy, ' The Navigation of the Murrumbid? gee. —The loug- talked of navigation of the river is at last un fail accompli, but in a manner, I fear, far from satisfactory for settling the question of the capabilities of' the river for steamboat navigation daring certain seasons of the year. The Mosquito, a srria 1 steamboat of about ten tons nomi nal burden, made her way up the Murray, and arrived at Balranald last Sunday week, wiicre fehe discharged a cargo of about thirty tons; and then descended again. It is said that great difficulties were encountered be?= tween Balranald and the mouth of the liver, owing to the number of fallen trees which obstructed the water-way. If this is correct, it may, perhaps, account for no attempt-being- made to navigate the river higher up. The ascent of the river would be hardly worth chronicling were it pot tp put on record an account of the first time that any v-teamboat was seen on this river. If so small a boat found obstacles to ob struct ber passage, it is hardly to be ex pected that one of the Murray steamboats could come up till a further clearance is made. Mr. Macleay, in the speech he re cently made at Albury, stated that be W33 informed by Captain Cadell that he had not yet expended all tho money voted for the clearance of the Murrumbidgee. Such being the case, it is hoped that it will be expended during the coming summer in clearing the lower part of the liver, as it ig believed that this part once well cleared, the navigation of the river further up will be found comparatively easy. The com? mitteo recently appointed to consider the subject of the navigation of the Murray, the Murrumbidgee, and other rivers, will, we are inclined to hope, make it a question of national importance, and recommend suffioient money being voted to clear the rivers efficiently, so as to render their navi? gation during the greater part of the year a matter of certainty. The increased value of the lands adjoining these rivers, when steamboats are able to come up and down, will be very great, and should the lands, on the expiration of the present leases, be put up for sale, tho money expended on the clearance of the rivers would be re? covered by the increased valqe of the lands, as easy means of transit is always found to be highly prized, and is a great recom mendation to any district. — Correspondent of Sydney Herald. Gold Seizure. — Two unfortunate men who bad voluntarily walked into the Bel? voir police trap, for the purpose of paying duty upon six ounces of gold, were brought up at the Yachandandah Police Court, be fore Mr. Lane, P.M., who confiscated the gold, .and would have confiscated the money found upon them, upwards of £100, had not the apprehending constable, Power, of Wodonga, proved that iu a similar case at Beech worth, Captain Price had ordered the cash to be restored to two Chinamen. Mr. Lane! therefore, adopted the precedept, — Beechworth Cofisti I ution . 