THE LAND RESOL UTIONS OF, THE. . CON VENTION. ; The Convention in committee 6f the whole on Saturday, referred it to a .sub- committee to collect, to consolidate where necessary, and; to report to them, all the resolutions adopted bj the Convention, as the foundation of a future Land Bill. . ' : ; The following are the resolutions, as reported: bv the sub- committee : — . resolutions adopted. by the convention as thb basis of. a future bill. First resolution— That all exclusive occupa- . tion of unalienated Crown Lands for pastoral purposes should cease, and such lands should be open as free pasturage for the public. . . Second resolution— That, every adult person should hove a right to select a claim of land not exceeding acres, at a. uniform price, without auction, such right to extend over all the unalienated lands of the colony, surveyed or uusurveyed : this right. however, to be sub ject to the following conditions and qualifica tions; — . . . ' i . First condition— Substantial occupation. ,„ Second condition— Payment of ten per cent, of the purchase money on entering into occu pation. The time of paying the remaining in stalments left an open question, to be deter: mined at a future time. Third condition— All persons' taking up their claims beyond the State survey, to take them subject to having the boundaries of such claims adjusted to the boundaries of the, lots ,as after wards ruD by the survey. Fourth condition — Certain lands, that have been long, withheld from1 sale; lying in: the neighborhood of settlements, and which have acquired an exceptional value, to be. exempt from this right of selectioo, and to be specially dealt with. . Fifth condition. — All the goldfields of the coT lony, a« well as all known auriferous laud in their neighbourhood, to be exempt from such selection ; the Crown, in disposing of all waste lands, whether by selection or other mode of sale, to reserve all gold' and'minerals in such . lands, retaining the right- to resume. them and to permit mining upon them, under certain re gulations. : ; ! . Sixth condition- — Alf water 'and water front ages, with convenient rights of' way thereto, to be reserved from selection, as more' gene-- rally provided for in resolution No! 3, hereafter following. , , : Seventh condition— Price. The amount of the uniform price to be hereafter fixed, but not to exceed £1 per acre. .Opinions in the Con vention varied between 10s. and £1. ' The Convention recognises that a question will arise hereafter as to the restriction of this right, as well as the general right of purchasing . land, to races of certain exteaction, - but . they consider the question to be. one of. detail, on -which it is not now necessary for them to adopt any resolution.. The Convention decided by a -considerable : majority that the number of /acres be/for the : present, left" blank in the- above resolution : leaving the number for future opinion to de termine; but they also directed it to.be made public, ..that opinion in the Convention ranged from a .minimum of . 160- to a maximum ,of 320, preponderating- in favor of 320.-- - - Third Resolution :— That in all sales of land the Government- should reserve all waters and water frontages with rights of way, leav ing streets at convenient intervals as easements for the public. - ' Fourth Resolution :— That all lands alien ated from the. Crown, whether, cultivated or uncultivated, should be subjected to equal tax ation for municipal and local purposes ; and that uncultivated lands shoiild .be further sub jected tola" special state'tax. V . Fifth Resolution That in surveying the lands of the colony' all ' discretion and all- pos- : sible favoritism by surveyors, as to the size and boundaries of lots be excluded, by making all lots . of . one. uniform : size, and: running the : boundaries by right lines. purchasers fob money merely, without condition of cultivation or occupancy. ' Resol ved— That while this convention recom mends that the actual cultivator be invested with the apecial rights set forth in the forego ing resolution, they are. of opinion that persons who may find lit .inconvenient, or impossible to! proceed to cultivate at once -should not, there-- fore, be wholly debarred from purchasing from: the State ; but they are of opinion -that' this right of purchase should be controlled by such: reasonable regulations as may discourage mo/ nopoly without shackling enterprise or ob structing fair, investments, . . . . . . . . Resolved— That this .Convention, will not at present attempt to define the exact restrictions- -by which such purchasers should be controlled, but, holding in view that practical legislation", on this : subject must ' still/ be at least some -months distant/they will only suggest certain, general principles 1 on/which they think those, restrictions might be based, leaving the closer- definition .of them! to the result of public dis cussion and the further ripening of opinion, i Resolved — That as principles "likely to be effective in framing' such restrictions, they snM-est— j ' ' 1 ' ' 1 1st. That the purchaser for money merely /should not,' like the actual cultivator, have ac cess to all the lands of. he colony, but only to lands brought into, market, district by district, as the. course :of previous settlement by the free selection- of- actual cultivators advances, - and thus indicates: the districts suitable to' be brought in! ' ; < 2nd. That such' purchasers ' be permitted to buy. fo'r ready money only. ' 3rd,.; That as provided in a foregoing resolu- , tion, No. 4, .purchased lands remaining uncul tivated be subject to a special state taxation. - ; -4th. That as provided for in a foregoing re solution; Nb; 5, no discretion or possibility of favoritism be left; to '; surveyors' in ' determining the size or hbundaries of lot's, but that all lots ' be sur veyeyed by right lines, , and made of uni- , form .size, , such:, size as may be considered, the! unit of a reasonably, small form, so that purr; chasers for money- merely, if desirous of having Jarger.i tracts of land, shall not, as hitherto, be" protected from general competition; but shall' encounter, lot by lot, the ' competition of the small purchaser, besides being preceded by the .free/selector. . | »' Chinese Barbarians.— What will' the sympa/'' thisers for China say to this ? A great sensa tion was lately caused in the city of Lyons by j the appearance in the streets of a priest, who had his nose, ears, and right hand out off. On enquiry, it appeared that it was the Abbe Be- loc, missionary to China, and that lie had ar rived at Lyons, from Marseilles, on his road to Rennes, where his family resides ; also that the frightful mutilations he displayed had been inflicted by the savage population of Penang Kiou, which is at the mouth of the Tchou Ki- ang, at the extremity of China. Four mission aries, his colleagues, were (he states) mutilated in the Bame manner as himself, and were then decapitated. A Wonderful Neiv Rifle!— The weapon re cently supplied to our troops is the,. new,, rifle, called after the . place of its .manufacture— a Government establishment at Enfield, and- the efficacy of this arm was to that of the old mus ket pretty nearly as twenty to one. 'But quf: ing the last week or two, the Enfield rifle has been challenged and encountered by. a compe titor in the shape of a rifle devised by , Mr. YVhitwortb, and in some of the prinoiplftpoints of excellence it has been completely surpassed. As regards range, the Whitworth rifle actually sent its bullet into a target at a distance con siderably exceeding a mile' (1880 yards) with measurable results,, when, the Enfield rifle made ho hits at even 1400 yards. As'regards accuracy, the Whitworth was nearly as good at 1 100 yards as the Enfield at 500, and when both, were fired at 500 yards the shooting; of. the.former was .three .times as good as that of- the latter. As regards force, the ball from the/ Enfield weapon, charged with only the regula-j tion quantity of poWder, did ' certainly penetrate; twelve planks of elm, each half an inch thick,/ in, succession, / a .perjformance which. but for comparisons, might lie thought both respec table and sufficient,. When,, however the; Whitworth rifle waB tried under the same con ditions, it positively; drove its bullet through! three-and:thirty- of- these planks, and the'mis' sile was only then stopped by a solid block of oak behind. There can be no doubt therefore, : that, on these points— points evidently of the greatest importance' in the estimation of a/ firearm—the new regulation weapon, excellent ae it is, has., been beaten by one still -better1;, but it does not follow that the best rifle for! shooting quietly at a 'mark will be'tlie best for the service of an army. What is obvious, however, in all these proceedings is, that .mili-- tarv strategy must be menaced with something very like an. entire revolution. The- musket carried by infantry soldiers has hitherto been a weapon that, could not be relied upon!- for ! much execution -even at 100 yards' distance; ; it may now be a fatal weapon' at fully ten times that range ; and at shorter distances' it. will send' bullets through half inch plates of iron br/through six inches, of. solid timber. A bat talion, therefore, or column ; of an advancing enemy might be ripped through and through by these: terrific projectiles, and such formations would become obsolete. A question, too, of analogous importance must inevitably present itself. Are these principles of construction and improvement applicable to artillery as well as small arms? If .they are, what will be the consequence to our systems of for'tifiication ? If they are not, or only partially so, how are gunners to stand by their pieces in the field, against infantry dispersed in skirmishing order, and armed with weapons which deal out death at. more than . 1000 yards' aistance. On one point we may. certainly congratulate ourselves, and that is on our possession of an establishment like that at Hvtbe, where all the questions suc- cessively - suggesting themselves in this matter can bebrought withoutdelay to a practical trial and solution.— r'/ZVines. A HaivortK Parsonage Anecdote— The help-, lessness of an animal was its pnssport to/Char lotte's heart;, the fierce, wild intractability' of its nature was what often recommended it to Emily. Speaking of her dead sister; the for- mer told me that from her many traits in Shir ley's character were taken ; her way of sitting on the rug reading, with her arm round /the rough bulldog's neck ; her calling to a; strange dog running past, with hanging head and loll ing tongue, -to give it a merciful draught of water — its maddened snap -at her: her nobly stern presence of mind, going right into the kitchen and taking up one of Tabby's red hot Italian irons to sear the bitten part, and never, telling any one till the danger was well nigh past, for fear of the terrors that might beset ; their weaker, minds. All this, looked upon as / a well invented fiction in Shirley, was written ; down by Charlotte with streaming eyes : it was ;the literally true account of what Emily had /done. The same tawney bulldog (with his ! strangled whistle) called Tartar in Shirley, was '' Keeper" in Haworth'parsonnge — a. gift to ;Einily. With the -gift came a warning. Keeper : was faithful to the depths of his nature as long las. he, was wilh.friends ; but he who struck ihim with a stick or whip roused'the revengeful /nature of the brute, who flew at" his throat' .forthwith, 'and held him.there' till one or the i other' was' at the point of death. Now Keeper's; /household fault was this. He loved to steal up stairs, and stretch his square, tawny limbs on the comfortable beds, covered with the delicate white counterpanes, . But the cleanliness of the /parsonage arrangements was perfect;; 'and1 /this' -habit of Keeper's was so objectionable/ that/ -/Emily, in reply to Tabby 's re.nonstrances, , de- Iclared that, if he were found again transgress-: ling, she herself, in defiance.of..,warning,and the, /well known ferocity, of his nature, .would beat, ;him so severely that he would never .offend /again. In the gatheriog dusk ' of an autumn /evening, Tabby carad, half triumphantly, half Itremblingly, but in great wrath, to tell Emily that Keeper was lying on the best bed, '.in dreamy voluptuousness. Charlotte saw Emily's/ whitening face and set. mouth, hut dared/notj speak or interfere; no one dared, when Emily's, eyes glowed in that manner out of the paleness of her face, and her lips-were compressed into stone. She went op -stairs, and Tabby 'and ; /Charlotte stood in the gloomy passage below, full of the dark shadows - bf, the coming night.'! Down stair's came Eihilyj dragging after tie/r.'th'ei unwilling. Keeper, ' his 'attitude ,of. resistance, held by..the;scuff of the- neck, hut ; growling, low and savagely all- the time. .. The watchers would fain- have spoken, hut: durst: not, for fear of 'calling off Emil v's at- tention, and causing her' to avert her head for ;a moment. She let Him. go, ' planted in a dark /corner, at the.bqttpm of the stairs'; ho, time whs .there, to. fetch stick or.rod, for'fear of the stran gling, - clutch at her, tjiroat— her , bare/ clenched fist struck against -his red fierce eyes -before he tia/di-time to-mako his spring, and,. in the liin-': guage' of the-turf, she punished him till his 'eyes' swelled up'/ and the' half blind stupefied beast was led to his accustomed, lair to'/ havb ' his' swelled'head fomented /and. cared for /by, the, /very Emily herself, The generous dog,, owed her no grudge ; - he .loved her dearly ever after. He walked first among the mourners to; her fu neral ; he slept 'moaning for nights at the door of her empty room. — Life of Charlotte Bronte; In the Westminster County Court, the/Earl' of Kingston was summoned on behalf of Mr. Oliver, /'./'a- music publisher, to show cause why he had not obeyed the order of the Court, by paying thereto for plantiff's use the sum of £10 4s. . On the hearing of the case in the first instance, -his lordship (who was not present), it was stated, had incurred the debt by the hire of a pianoforte ; and judgment going by de fault, and an order for immediate payment with i costs was made, and which order not being i complied with, the present proceeding was I adopted. The defendant was now called on in r the usual form three times, and not answering, | the judge observed, 'Then his lordship is com mitted for ten days.' Case of Poisoning by Mistake. — The Times of 11th May, says : — A Short time ago wo had occasion to record the death of an elderly wo- man from the effects of h dose of paregoric elxir, or camphorated tincture of opium, which operated as a, depressant, and so extinguished the already feeble vital powers. A still worse case is/reported in the Carlisle, papers. In this instance an old woman, named fe'arah Moore, a widow nearly 90. years of age, was seized (last week) with a pain in her stomach, and sent for two pennyworth of the tincture of rhubarb, a well-known and efficacious anti- spasmodic me- dicine. The proprietor of the druggist's shop, Mr. Carlisle (of -Lowther street, Carlisle), was out! at; the time, and a junior assistant, named Thompson, served the messenger of Mrs. Moore. . This youth asked the age of the pa- .tient, and on learning said that only half the quantity was' to be given at once'. He then handed the medicine to the messenger. The latter went.' to deceased's house, poured out half of the liquid, mixed it in some water and sugar, and gave it to, deceased. Previous to doing so, however, both she and another woman tasted, the mixture, and, though they remarked that it tasted " very nasty," it did not occur to them that there could be any mistake. There was a mistake/nevertheless, for the patient soon exhibited all the symptoms of narcotic poisoning, and in the course of the saule after noon, inspite of . tile remedies applied, she yielded up the ghost. Need it be added that the " tincture of; rhubarb " turned out to be the deadly tincture' of opium-laudanum ! The dose was certainly a small one, and the medical witness at the eoaoner's inquest stated his be- lief 'tbrt if the same/quantity of laudanum had been administered to an adult person in sound health, and the same antidotes and restoratives had been applied as had been used in this case, the person' would undoubtedly have recovered. He likewise remarked- that it was the only in stance on tiecord bf death having been occa- sioned to/an adult from so small a dose. The yo.ung'/raan'j Henry Thomson,, endqavored to make, every reparation. for. what, he had done, and seemed to feel bitterly the , serious respon- sibility he had involved himself in by his care- less act -.The precise quantity of laudanum administered does not appear on the. record! The jury returned a verdict that' "The death o Sarah Moore was the result of an accident, caused/ by the .'neglect of Henry; Thompson in carelessly dispensing medicine/' and thoy strongly censured his conduct ; and, further, the jury were of opinion that ihe present mode of dispensing medicines couldnbtbe too severely condemned. 'The coroner, remarked that the verdict was -'a very proper one, 'and he/ thought that the/young man' who had been, the 'cause of this inquiry might consider himself very fortu nate in having been so leniently dealt with. ...Capture of.a Slaver. — From: Kingston, ' Ja- maica, ' we -learn .that, on the' 16th April, a schooner— evidently American— was towed into; port by her Majesty's brig Arab. It/was soon ascertained that the schooner was a sla ver/and that.she had on board a large number of captives.,.. It appears that ;the captain of the Arab -had received information that a barque and schooner- were -expected in Cuba from the coast of Africa, each with a cargo of slaves; A"strict watch was therefore kept, and on Monday," the 1 3th, a suspicious looking craft was seen, with a full press of sail, making the best of her way to her destined port. She was-, closely pursued, and the captain, finding that there was .no possibility of escaping from the Arab, deserted her, taking with him in a shallop his crew, money, chronometer, and other useful articles. The commander of the Arab despatched his gun-boat with fifteen men/ under the command of his first lieutenant, with orders' for the capture of the shallop; The chase continued for nearly three ; hours/ and a shot haying destroyed the rudder of-the shallop,1 the: captain,'' 'who was owner of the slaver,: surrendered; ' 1 Two" of his principal slaves and an interpreter were taken from the shallop/ and the, crew left in it, to make the best of their way to Cuba. The first lieute nant then boarded the schooner, and found her filled; with young Africans, males and females, to the number of 373, no less than 127 having fallen victims to the horrors of the middle pas sage during a voyage of twenty-nine day. The poor captives were in a wretched condition; all of them , were naked, and the greater .part seemed to have been half starved. , They were packed closely together, and covered with dirt and vermin. , The captain- of the schooner re fused to give his name or the, name of the ves- eel, but stated that he would be a - loser of I 30,000 dollar's— a loss which did not cause him ! ihuch' concern, -as he: had made other and suc cessful trips; - A great deal of information, j however, , was obtained, from the. interpreter, ' who " mentioned'; that , several . vessels : were - left ;on the African coast-Lthat, they were to have :sailed. soon, with full cargoes— that; upon an average, two vessels departed :weekly; -each ' with five: hundred to seven hundred slaves 'on' I board--that the trade was rapidly ino'reasing/ and , that the slaves on .being landed in /' Cuba, ; were worth /five hundred dollars .each! .// / «, , . i A\ Vietepan's .Patent of t- Valour.— bnc'e>v/wsi /accidently fell upon a modern hero; -AVe wera i visiting ah:old church ; the sexton - nccompa- inied u/s— a little old man; with a- stoop and a squint.- '/He' knew lit/tle/ and bared little aboiit. ;the chin-ch,. but soon, quietly' and indirectly, ; cq ni e '.to . tell .as that he had been a soldier, in Itlie 9th Regiment, and had shared in . the 'dashing charge which swept the French .from -the - heights - of Busaco. -But the crowning 'glory of- his jife was on adventure in which he !wasn single'actor— an individual act bfiirowess.1 /Thus ran his'tale,:— He was oh an out-pjpket,/ and had gone to a neighbouring .fountain / for/ j water.', He - had placed his " musket against a! /stone,-, and j-ivas stooping, tj drink, , when he- heard; a noise behind -liim. Turning,- he- saw1 ;three French-- Chasseurs galloD at him -from' /behind a clump of trees. : He seized his piece iin'an instant, fired/ and the foremost man/and jhorse fellj Chbn dashed at the second/'; and' -disabled him. with a bayonet wound, in /.the,' thigh. . The third chasseur, Beeing.thb;fate;bf, /his, comrades, took to flight. As , we, looked at, the, .wizened face, and shrivelled form' of the; narrator, it seemed hard to fit the: man to 'the' deed:1-:- It .would have required the form of 1 a Hercules or a Sergeant Davis to justify instant ' /belief' in such ap exploit. Valour, however," often chooses strange materials wherewith to work its wonders. Seeing our incredulity, he ; produced a piece of paper, dirty, and almost dropping to bits from constant folding and re folding. It was a document under tho hand of one whose name was associated with many a foughtcn field, stating that the bearer, on a certain day, had brought in two wounded pri soners ond a horse, and that a second horsn wa3 found lying dead at a short distance from the picket-house. So fur the story was corro borated. The paper ho carried always in his- bosom ; it was his patent of nobility, his badge of knighthood, the sign which set him above the mark of his fellow men, — BlwkwQ$, 