dDouutrg fictos. TENTERFIELD. [FROM A CORRESPONDENT. A MEETING of resident householders in Ten terfield was held at the George and Dragon Inn, on the evening of the 11th instant, for the purpose of taking into consideration the best means of promoting general educa tion amongst the young, when the motion of Mr. Kemp was readily applauded, by persons of various creeds and sects, namely " That the meeting unanimously agreed on the necessity of obtaining a National School in that township." It was argued, but the point was soon conceded, that a competent | schoolmistress was as absolutely required as I a qualified schoolmaster-a decision whicli | speaks volumes for the sound sense of the | Tenterfield householders. A committee was tlien chosen to collect subscriptions and to set about in earnest the good work, viz.:-Messrs. King, liiley, Ross, Can ning, Kemp, Sullivan, Cowell, and Meston (Mr. King, convener); and in less than five minutes thirty pounds were subscribed, which, with moneys formerly collected when ! a similar proposal had been set on foot, but unaccountably dropped, and with contribu- j tions yet to come in, will help to start the i proposal into visible existence: and when j once agoing, there is spirit and honour both sufficient to keep it in prosperous progres sion. The gratitude of the Tenterfield in habitants is justly due to the Rev. T. M'Car thy for the interest lie took in getting up this meeting; and his eloquent address on the advantages of education was deeply felt by all his admiring listeners. A new cut to the Clarence and Grafton is now announced, which will bring the distance from Tenterfield within 105 miles. This line decidedly is shorter, as jrour " facetious correspondents" once rode over it, or nearly. The new route runs not far from the postman's track, so- called, but keeps several miles to the north of Yugilba. The folks of Grafton, who seem at length to bestir themselves (a little), bave offered the sum of £30 to the first teamster who will take a loaded dray up or down this line. Read this, ye unbelievers ! The bogle of a place yclept tlie " Devil's Elbow" startles them into action; and to your readers who may not comprehend what is meant, let them know that the words just quoted are Gaelic for an opposition wharf age, and maybe a. township, at that famous bend of the majestic Clarence. Pray, what do the Graftonians mean in their loud re port, by taking credit to their illustrious selves for the improvements now satisfac torily advancing under Mr. Yates at the Tenterfield sand hill and elsewhere ? " Ne sutor ultra crepedam," say querists : " Go ye and do as much, more if ye can, and honour will be rendered to whom credit is due." As the ghost of Separation is now laid in the Dead Sea of Downing diplomacy, having been exorcised by the prayers of opposition petitioners, it is hoped that the Clarence and New England inhabitants will join hand in hand, like brethren, and unite shoulder to shoulder for developing the country's resources, and facilitating, by every means in their power, that traffic and intercourse which benefit both districts. This township fast rises into importance: houses building, stores erecting, and others about to be erected. Farming on a great scale is carrying on; and it is said that a church of cathedral proportions will be soon founded, not far from the public-house (like an acid and an alkali), having a brewery on the other side, like-like-who said crucifixion? where the people, when dry with dusty theology, may obtain spiritual comfort on the one hand, or im bibe barmy beer on the other, to set their brains a fermenting. But this smacks of the future. Indeed, trade has been very spirited here since the arrival of two dray loads of sundries at Sullivan's Hotel. Many an arid soul, whose clay was nearly cracking during the late scarcity and drought-not drought for lack of rain water, heaven knows-but;-but-to make up for former privations-put in practice "pottle deep potations;" a few even soak their clay to saturation, and, occasionally, somewhat beyond. " Usque ad nauseam !" All in all, this township is a wonderful place, and we, being theirs faithfullv, wish the world to know it. Q. U. | Tenterfield, July 15, 1857 