THE GOLD-FIELDS OF NEW SOUTH WALES. [FROM OUR SPECIAL COMMISSIONER] I.-THE STEAMER. "THERE'S the second bell!" "Get on board!" "Goodbye!" " Pleasant journey !" "Pleasant Voyage !" and at the last of these farewell greetings I turned my eyes upward to the skies, where the black clouds, banked up heavily in the S.W., gave promise of anything but a pleasant voyage to me. However, I shouldered my luggage manfully, and a few minutes found me safely stowed on the deck of the New H. R. S.N.Co.'s vessel Williams, Captain--- I really do not know, for, as the sequel will show, I had but few op- portunities of making his acquaintance. Now, there goes the third bell ; " farewell" is again wished me by friends on shore, everybody seems to be rushing madly about the vessel, pulling ropes in every possible direc- tion ; then men in the boat and men on the pier shout wildly at each other, apparently in some unknown tongue ; then the steam that has been roaring everybody deaf suddenly ceases, then a splash from the paddles - another - and another - and at last we are fairly off. iAnd now we amuse ourselves by watching the lights on shore, guessing from their position the locali- ties that they illumine. Miller's Point, Dawes' Point, and Pinchgut are soon passed, and now we round Bradley's Head. It is evidently blowing heavily out- side, and the motion of the vessel, even here, is not exactly comfortable. I am standing in conversation with a gentleman who is very amiably pointing out to me all the famous places in the harbour. We have passed the Lightship, and whilst listening to a topo- graphical description of the Sow and Pigs, the vessel gives a roll that nearly throws me off my legs. " Ah," says my amiable friend, "We are opening the Heads." That first roll cleared the deck of passengers, only my descriptive companion, a tall melancholy young man, cased from head to foot in caoutchoue, and myself remaining on deck. We rolled, and rolled, and rolled, till we rolled outside the Heads, and then my talkative friend, in a state of intense ex- citement, jumped upon the seat, and informed me that the---, some steamer - for I was in no state of mind, or rather of stomach, to heed names - was passing. To oblige him, I got up to look, and ---the rest of the passage to Newcastle was a frightful blank, and whether we went round by Cape Horn or touched at Melbourne, I cannot say ; all I know is, that I suf- fered a six months' agony intensified into that short passage from Sydney Heads to Newcastle. Reader, were you ever sea sick ? Did you ever feel that abso- lute prostration of all nerve and energy that leaves the poor suffering wretch rolling in the scuppers, soaked by the spray above and by the deck water below, and yet with no wish but to be left alone ? But if you did, you would only laugh, for no misery leaves so light a trace behind it as does sea sickness ; and the man who has suffered yesterday will jeer at his friend to-morrow. I was lying in a state of semi-consciousness, won- dering whether it were one o'clock a.m., or noon, and whether there was any probability of our ever arriving at our destination, when a sudden stillness in the ship and the stoppage of that grinding sensation in the head that the thump-thump of the paddle-wheels causes, gave me courage to lift up my head. The sun was shining cheerily down through the skylight windows, and the vessel appeared to have arrived at something like sobriety of movement; so, though not without some misgivings as to the result, I once more trusted myself upon my feet, and found to my amazement that I could stand. This point having been clearly and unmistakably established, all the rest was easy, and I was soon bustling about the deck as busily as any body in the vessel. "Been sick, Sir?" "Hem! Y-e-e-s, a little ! " Strange that you never can get a man honestly and straightforwardly to confess that he has been very sea- sick. It is a point I never could understand, but, so it is that every one denies and utterly repudiates the possibility of his being very sea sick ; and your dearest friend if you press him on the point, will become irate at the suspicion. Newcastle - whether it were by reason of the pecu- liar state of my nerves and stomach, or whether the early hour may have had something to do with it, I will not say - but certainly Newcastle seemed very sleepy that morning. It looked as if the inhabitants had gone to bed and forgotten to get up again. The men on shore that the men in the steamer shouted to, didn't halloo back again, as they did in Sydney ; and the casting line was thrown three or four times before the yawning gentlemen ashore could catch it. It is a pretty looking town, so far as it could be seen from the decks of the steamer, and from that point of view it has the appearance of being built on the side of a precipitous hill. Nobby's-island as it used to be, but now degraded into a mere promonotory by the break- water or causeway which joins it to the main land, and forms the standing grievance of the Newcastle folks, from its always wanting something done to it, or from something that has been done not having been done properly, - Nobby's is a prominent feature in the view of Newcastle, and as the vessel draws off the shore, on her departure up the Hunter, helps to form a very pleasing picture worthy the artist's pencil. Ex- posed to the wildest fury of the waves, which burst thundering upon her face, or crawl insidiously up her crags, and the waves breaking in huge rollers on the sand bank at her foot, Nobby's forms the left of the picture ; Newcastle, with its houses apparently ter- raced on the face of a verdant hill, and sloping down at a lengthened angle until joined by the causeway to Nobby's, forms the centre ; whilst to the right are the coal wharves, with the colliers lying thick as bees waiting their turns to come under the schutes for their loading, and the dark swampy flats, over which the roofs of the railway buildings are barely discernible, though the line of rail is traceable by the puffs of steam that rise from some locomotive at work upon the line. This portion of the picture is backed by dark and frowning ranges, gradually receding until they become blue and indistinct in the distance. After waiting the usual time to discharge and take in cargo, the good ship Williams once more set in motion, and turned her head up the Hunter. Luckily it was close upon high water, and there was no diffi- culty about the flats. The banks of the Hunter are the same all the way up to Morpeth, and are low and swampy throughout. Numerous farms are visible, many of them having a peculiarly neat and English like appearance. Slab huts, in the regular bush style, are erected here and there along the banks on either side. At almost each of them trolloping women, with flat straw bonnets, were to be seen washing - I sup- pose it must have been on the Hunter River washing day that I passed - whilst troops of children, clad in one garment only (a bedgown or pinafore, I can't say which), rolled about the house fronts even to the water's edge, or stared open-mouthed at the passing vessel. The nobler animal - the males - at these localities took things much more stoically ; three out of every five I saw were leaning their arms across the rails of a fence smoking, and lazily watching our progress. This may be called the distinctive posture of the Australian farming man. In England your peasant delights in sitting upon a gate, if it will swing with him so much the more eligible, whilst the summit of the Austra- lian's idea of ease is to lean with his arms across the top rail of a fence and smoke his pipe. There they remained as long as I could see them, and there they stopped no doubt till the next steamer passed, for these men leaning on fences have been seen by pas- sengers in every vessel that has gone either up or down the river. Farms, huts, ferries, townships with streets evidently knee deep in mud, and handsome dwellings in the distance were all passed, and at last we arrived at Morpeth. There I was packed into a narrow vehicle, called, by courtesy only, an omnibus, and was jolted over without exception the very worst piece of road in the colony, into Maitland. THE ROAD. Ten years have passed away since I last visited Mait- land, and great changes have been effected in both East and West Maitland during those years, though the latter has improved to a much greater extent than the former. East Maitland is laid out upon a piece of gentle rising ground on the right bank of the Hunter. The streets are regular, but only passable in wet weather in mud boots. There are two or three good hotels, a court-house, and a pretty church, but the ordinary style of dwelling-house building is not re- markable for either taste or beauty. Neither are there any handsome shops, the traffic being confined to stores, where everything in every conceivable branch of trade is dealt in. West Maitland is divided from its eastern namesake by Wallis' Creek, lying between that creek and the Hunter, on the very edge of which many of the houses are built. The high street forms a very nearly continuous row of housesfrom Wallis Creek to the Long Bridge of over a mile in length. In this the principal street are some handsome shops - drapers, hosiers, saddlers, chemists - in fact, all the different branches of business that are to be found in large towns. There appeared some little bustle in the streets - per- sons passing to and fro, country purchasers in gigs or on horseback, drays loading at the various stores, with all the signs of thriving activity. The Episcopalian Church is a neat, unpretending edifice, though rather small, and stands on the north-west edge of the town. The Roman Catholic chapel strikes the eye of the stranger immediately on his arüval, from its lofty Spire, towering above all the surrounding buildings. It is erected almost in the centre of the town, and a short distance to the eastward of the High-street. The Wesleyans have also a commodious chapel in the High-street. The Mechanics' Institution is a neat and capacious building of red brick, standing a few yards to the east of the High- street, and nearly adjoining the Catholic Grammar School, also of red brick. The Benevolent Asylum I did not see, my stay being so limited ; but I paid a visit to the Hospital, which is most delightfully situated on the rising ground beyond the Long Bridge, and altogether out of the town. It is a two- storied building, the sick wards being on the upper story, and divided so as to effect a classification of cases. There were only twenty-three patients when I was there, and I was informed that the average number on the books was only twenty-five. It is well supported by subscriptions, and from its cleanly appearance and excellent management, is well worthy of that support. The hotels here are nume- rous, many of them being handsome and extensive buildings. Steam flour mills are also plentiful, form- ing commodious buildings, useful if not ornamental, to the town. I counted no less than three of these stand- ing in the line of the High street, and there are three or four others besides in different parts of the town. The Long Bridge, a kind of viaduct for carrying the road across a swampy flat that would otherwise be impassable in wet weather, is also worthy of mention, from the utility and solidity of the construction. It is rather more than half a mile in length, and was put up in the old convict times, a fact that renders its present existence in a useful state still more astonishing. I ought not to omit mentioning that Maitland sup- ports two newspapers ; one the Mait- land Mercury, long established, and well known throughout the Hunter River District, from the admirable style in which it is conducted. This paper is published tri-weekly, and was deservedly popular with all classes, until on the occasion of the general elections it gave offence to certain parties, and this led to the establishment of the second journal, which was originally started in shares, but gradually fell off into the present Northern Times, published twice a week. Besides the High-street there are numerous bye- streets, in some very pretty cottages are to be found scattered about, these localities being confined to private residences as the High-street is to shops. Leaving Maitland by the Great Northern Road, to which however the term slough might be more reason- ably applied, I waded my way, up to the horse's knees in mud, to Lochinvar, a miserable little village of some thirty huts, slab or bark, ranged irregularly on either side the road, but yet supporting no less than four public-houses. Publicans, blacksmiths, and wheel- wrights seemed the staple of the population, and evidently owed their prosperity to the wretched state of the roads in this vicinity. I don't believe that these folks will ever petition the Legislature to repair the highway, for if it were but reasonably passable their occupations would be gone. Between Lochinvar and Black Creek, the next village, the road made some years back passes over Harper's Hill, a name somewhat famed in days gone bye for the predatory exploits of bushrangers. In cutting this road some very beautiful fossils and petri- factions were found in the rocks that were removed. Whilst on this point, I may mention that very beau- tiful agates are to be found on a part of Duguid's old run, near Black Creek ; and that at Dr. Blick's farm, in trenching a vineyard, numerous very curious balls of stone, quite round, and as large as an 84-lb. shot, were dug up. These, on being broken with a heavy sledge hammer, were found to consist of a case of stone, about an inch and a quarter in thickness, enve- loping a petrified mass of mud, shells, sticks, bits of bark, wood, bones of small animals, insects, &c.; One of these balls would be well worth the inspection and study of a geologist. A few miles over a road of red clay, luckily partly dry, brought me to Black Creek, thirteen miles from Maitland. This village contains about eighty houses, four or five of which are inns, none of them of any pretensions, they being all seemingly dirty and ill regulated. One of these, however, at Anvil Creek, at the entrance of the village, forms an exception. There are two steam flour-mills here, and several small stores, together with the usual artisans that are most required in country places, the numerous small settlers that cultivate patchtes of land along the banks of the creek and throught the whole of this district causing considerable demand for their labours. By the way, there is an old bridge over Anvil Creek, that has the reputation of being haunted, and even the hardiest amongst the Black Creekians will not venture to cross it after dark for any amount of remuneration. The story goes, and I believe is true in this one particular, that a woman was murdered there some years ago, the body having been con- cealed under the bridge ; and ever since then her " ghost unblessed" has wandered about the spot where it was separated from its body ; but only after nightfall, and then, with that incomprehensible fancy that sometimes accompanies ghosts, with a lantern in her hand. Several persons have assured me that they they have seen the light, and the white dress of the ghost - Why do ghosts always wear white ? - but on approaching too closely, all have vanished, the ghost doubtless being ashamed at being caught in such a foolish occupation. On leaving Black Creek for Singleton the road is somewhat more passable, until it is confined between the fences of the large and numerous paddocks that extend for eight or nine miles along the road. Here the soil is alternately red clay, and heavy black loam, both exceedingly tenacious of water, and consequently anything but a good foundation for travelling upon in a wet season. The roads improve a little as they cross Patricks Plains, on to Singleton. The town of Single- ton has altered but very little during the last nine or ten years. There may have been a few additional houses built, but if so they are so few as not to be noticeable. The town is laid out on the south bank of the Hunter, and contains between two and three hun- dred houses, some of them, principally hotels and stores, being well built of brick or stone, whilst there are also some private residences off the main road, that bedded in shrubbery and surrounded with gardens, form very pretty pictures of rural comfort. Títere seems, however, to be but very little business going on, the great events of the day being the arrival and departure of the mails. So much is this the case, that it is now, as it always has been to me, a mystery how the different people in the town managed to get a living. The settlers around Single- ton are owners of large, some of princely properties, and these draw their supplies direct either from Mait- land or Sydney. There is not here the struggling small settler, whose time is of so much value to him, that he must seek what he requires at the nearest spot, and until such a class springs up, by the dismember- ment of some of the large properties in its neighbour- hood, Singleton may never expect to thrive to the ex- tent that it ought to do, placed in the midst of a rich and fertile country. Crossing the Hunter River at a ford which is some- times impassable from floods, and was the scene of a disaster to the last Governor-General, Sir Charles Fitz Roy, on his passage through these districts, the road passes over a steep range, and then through some fine forest country to Glennie's Creek. Here there is a very comfortable inn, remarkably well kept, whilst a second is in course of erection, being the only two in the township. There is a pretty little church across the creek, with a burial-ground attached, con- secrated only the day prior to my arrival by the Lord Bishop of Newcastle. Passing Glennie's Creek, also a very dangerous spot in time of flood, eight miles of good mountain road brought me to another inn, situated on the bank of a small creek, which was bridged over, and in the midst of an undulating lightly timbered country. Seeing this creek, which, if bank high, would barely carry away a man on horseback, so carefully bridged over, made me ruminate over the extraordinary system that seems to have been pursued of erecting bridges where they were but little needed, whilst spots where at times they are indispensable to the maintenance of traffic, are left without them. However, I only throw out the point for consideration, and shall not go further into it until I come to deal, as I shall have to do, 'with the question of roads as a whole. From this point to Muswellbrook the road winds up amongst heavy ranges, but is pretty sound until it reaches the last range that overhangs the town. Here the soil is a thick black loam, into which the horses and bullocks sink nearly knee-deep, whilst heavily laden drays plough through it with their wheels sunk half way up to the axle. A sharp turn through a little lake of water, formed at the entrance of the main street, in- troduces the traveller to Muswellbrook, Muswellbrook is a pretty town of some hundred and fifty houses, with the usual complement of inns, some eight or ten. I noticed two churches as I pas- sed along, as also some very comfortable dwellings in the cottage style, surrounded with gardens, looking as green and luxuriant as the late rainy season could make them. The courthouse is a brick building, of some pretension, standing immediately on the high road, and erected on the ordinary colonial courthouse principle, of a main building, as a hall of justice, with wings on each side for offices. We knew the courthouse at once, from the fact that a constable was sitting on its steps smoking, and because we never yet saw a courthouse in the colony that a constable was not to be found hanging about it, and more often smoking than otherwise. The town itself is a long stragling place, the chief part of the houses being immediately on the road side, though some few stand back at some distance from it on what possibly may be meant for streets. A good strong wooden bridge crosses the brook which divides the town into two parts, the larger being on the Maitland or southern side of the stream. Though a heavy slushy road, the greater portion of which is the heavy black- soil I have described, diversified with a range here and there, I next reach Aberdeen, a very small village with only one inn - though a second is even now in course of erection. It contains some dozen houses and a church, which is well attended by the people oí the surrounding district. On quitting Aberdeen I had again to cross the Hunter, though this time at the ex- pense of a wetting. The river had risen considerably and the water being over my horse's saddle flaps, I could not save my feet and legs, and consequently had to suffer a partial cold bath, on an exceedingly cold and frosty morning half an hour before sunrise. How- ever, there was no help for it, and I had to bear up in the best way I could against the biting cold until I reached Scone, a distance of about eight miles. Scone is a long straggling village, about the same size as Muswellbrook, and has nothing particular about it to render it remarkable. It contains one or two good inns, a courthouse and lock-up as a matter of course, and two or three stores ; the greater part of the dwellings being of slabs, in the true bush style. It is pleasantly situated in the valley of the Hunter, the ranges which feed the stream forming a dark back ground to the west. On leaving Scone, I again crossed the Hunter, but here it had dwindled down to a mere brook, and then the road gradually mounted up the steep ranges, which now began to gather in on the right and left, threatening at times almost to impede the path, as some black mass of mountain steeper than ordinary, came down boldly to the very edge of the road. Winding in and out across the points of some edges and round the foot of others, but still con stantly ascending, I at last reached the Highland Home Inn, a snug little spot, the house almost buried in a mass of vegetation, and nestled down amongst the heavy mountains that mark the head of the Hunter. The air in this high region came fresh and scented from the hill sides down which it drew in a steady breeze. The amount of land avail- able for cultivation is but limited, but what there is is of the richest description from the deposits that it has been for ages receiving from the ranges around it. Turning my back with regret upon this beautiful mountain home, its rich vegetation, and its fragrant air, I again made my way to the northward, and a few miles brought me by good, though ascending, road to the foot of the pass at Warland's Ranges. Here the road goes boldly up the face of a precipitous spur of the ridge, at an angle of fully forty degrees at one spot, whilst it looks so very steep from the base of the hill, as to cause one to wonder how the bullock-teams, with their load of stores, can get up it, or how, with their loads of wool, they can get down it without coming down with a run and being crushed to pieces. From the crest of this pass, which is not above a dozen paces across, I looked on either side down upon the country. To the south the valley of the Hunter was traceable for some dis- tance, by the line of lofty ranges that overhang it ; but the numerous intervening ridges prevented a more extended or particular view. This was still more the case to the north, where range rose over range in such grand and towering masses as to shut out all but them- selves from my curious eye. The road now gra- dually descended, in gradients far less heavy than marked the ascent, until at last it reached the valley of the Page. CITY COUNCIL.-The result of the election of auditors was announced on Saturday forenoon by his AVorship . ' the Mayor, at the offices of the Corporation, King- ?> stieet. The successful candidates are Mr. Richard Jones, M.L.A., and Mr. Robert Byers. We subjoin l the state of the poll at the various wards : 1SIUJ 1 I , Jones . SO 39 23 10 33 33 31 l8 ... 251 Byora . 35 21 0 15 30 28 22 11 ... 174 Raphael . 2t 10 29 8 9 9 32 10 ... 137 M'Mahon. 12 48 22 7 10 10 12 9 ... 134 THE MUNICIPAL COUNCIL.-For the vacant seats in Denison and Phillip Wards, Mr. Broughton and Mr. Lucas have again been requested to come forward. k We shall be glad if theBe gentlemen will consent, and we cannot doubt but they will be elected. Practical men, thoroughly conversant with measures suited for the sanitary condition of the city, are required. POSTAL ARRANGEMENTS AS REGARDS NEWSPAPERS. With the commencement of the present1 quarter, the Postmaster-General has published the regulations in reference to the définition and transmission by post, of books, publications, and works of literature and art, which have been made by the Governor-General, with the advice of the Executive Council. Liberal a» these regulations are, it may be wished that they had included others in reference to the mode of posting newspapers, in Sydney and its suburbs. In every quarter eapacious Post Office iron receivers have been erected for " letters only." The residents at Miller's Point, Brickfield-hill, Chippendale, Redfern, Woolloo- mooloo, South Head Road, and other locales at an in- convenient distance from the General Post Office, have every facility in the way of posting their letters by means of these iron receivers. They also can pur- chase newspapers from the news- agents in their im- mediate neighbourhood, but if they desire to post their papers they must go or send some mibs to the George-street Post Office ! This is a grievance which has been long complained of, but without redress. The answer to remonstrances on the subject, has invariably been that the news- papers, if posted in the receivers, would make loads too heavy for the carriers ! It is scarcely neces- sary to add that this excuse has no reference to the actual fact j and even if it had, why should not the residents in the distant parts of the large area which the city and its suburbs include, have the same facili- ties for posting their newspapers, as the residents in immediate voisinage of the George-street office f Upon the making up of mails for Europe, summaries of news are expresäly prepared by the Sydney journals, and in thousands of cases, the papers containing these sum- maries are made the medium of correspondence with relatives and friends, to whom letter- writing would, from want of time, be impossible. To trust to ordinary servants to post papers, directed to distant parts of the world, would be very confiding simplicity ; and, there- fore, a person desirous to send newspapers by post, whether he reside three or four miles from the George street office, or next door to it, has no alternative but to post them himself. Now with regard to the excuse as to the heaviness of the newspaper loads, if brought from distant iron receivers, we will observe that resi- dents at our distant suburbs, who may have any quan- tity of books or newspapers addressed to them from any part of the world, must have them delivered at their residences by the Post Office carriers ; whilst, on the other hand, their own transmissions of books or newspapers are known to be comparatively trifling, in consequence of the prohibitory rule to whioh we are referring. When it is considered that the population of Cook Ward, which includes Woolloomoolo, Dar- linghurst, South Head Road, Surry Hills, and other locales, consisted, at the date of the recent census, of 15,231 persons, an intelligent stranger arriving here would scarcely believe that, with Post Office receivers erected in front of their doors, persons desirous to post newspapers, books, &c;, are obliged, according to the existing regulations, to walk some miles for the purpose. INOUEST AT LIVERPOOL.-A correspondent informs us that on Thursday, the 10th instant, an inquest was held by Dr. Bell, coroner, on the body of a child named Amelia Catherine Mantora, aged l8 months, the par- ticulars of which are as follows:-The mother of the child stated that about noon on Saturday, deceased got hold of a box of wax matches, but she did not know her daughter had eaten any of them; that about 12 o'clock that night she was seized with vomiting, and craved for a drink; the sickness then left her, and on Sunday morning she gave her a dose of castor oil, after which the child appeared better; took her dinner, and was able to be taken out for a walk in the afternoon; in the evening she appeared sleepy, but had her supper of bread and milk, and was put to bed; about daylight on Monday morning she was again seized with vomiting, and Dr. Watson was sent for, who attended her on that day and the next, and remarked to the parents that the child was in much greater danger than they imagined, which turned out to be the case, for the child died on Wed- nesday morning. Several of the wicks of the matches were found in the matter which was vomited up. The jury, after hearing the medical and other evidence, returned a verdict of " Accidental poisoning from, having eaten wax matches." This case should operate as a caution to parents not to allow matches to be within reach of their children, and it is sur- prising that more accidents of a similar nature have not occurred, considering the extensive and general use of all kinds and descriptions of these inflammable materials, 