EUROPE. GOSSIP FROM PARIS. Thb Paris correspondent of the Times says The Empress's visit so suddenly to Plombieres (where nothing was ready to recieve her !) is still the mystery of the hour ; and two new versions of it are given. I do not mean versions given by the gossip -of the public at targe, but alleged by those nearest about the palace* and who, though they may be mistaken, are yet in a position to know what goes on. One of these versions is, that her Majesty, hearing of a ^ circumstance at Plombieres that displeased her in a very lively way, determined at once to start for the Vosges, and expostulate. I am bound to say that one or two facts may colour this account with prcbabality. The other story is, that the meeting between the Imperi.il families of Russia and France has been suddenly settled," and that the Empress is gone to Plombieres foe that reason. The two likeliest causes for the unexpected excursion are, how ever, either an admonition to be addressed by the Emperor to his wife, upon her want of etiquette here, or a sharp lecture to be read by the Empress to her consort, upon other little dere lictions there. Whichever way it is, it occupies everyone just now. The Patrie says, that the Queen of England will pay a visit to the Em peror at Fontainbleau in the beginning of September, and will stay there about ten days. Sir Colin Campbell and staff passed through Paris on Monday. The French Ministerial organ, Pays, [ learns from Lcndon that orders have [ been sent to Admiral Lyons to send several of his ships to China, The Brunswick now at Leghorn is to so to Calcutta. • : • THE FRENCH IN AFRICA., The official report of the last engage ment betvieen the Kabyles and the French troops, states that while the latter were, returning to cainp the Kabyles planned fan ambuscade, and poured into the French ranks an inces sant and murderous fire. On one oc ; casion the storm of bullets forced the I Zouaves to lie down on the ground, and for some time entreaties, reproaches,and threats, were unavailable to get them on to the attack, and it was only after a flank movement by the Foreign Legion that the position of the Kabyles was turned and the enemy dislodged. Marriage of the King of Por tugaXi.—It is now stated, on good authority, though not officially, that the Princess who is about to become Queen of Portugal is the eldest daughter of Prince Charles Hohenzollern Signar ingen. He abdicated in favor of the King of Prussia. The Princess com pleted her twentieth year on the 15th July, Le Pays says Prince Albert has been the means of bringing about the alliance. The Russian Government is directing its attention to a project for constructing a canal between the Caspian and the Sea of Arab. Thc'plan ot uniting the Black Sea and the Caspian has been considered, but the survey shows that the cost would be enormous. A slaver has been captured at Lagos by the Prometheus. There was upwards of £5,000 in money on board. She was an American brigantine, of New Orleans. Abchdkacojt Pbnison's • Cask.— There is no truth whatever in the report •which has been put in circulation by some of the ecclesiastical papers, to the effect that the promoters of the suit have abondoned it, and that the appeal will not now go to the J udicial Com mittee of the Privy Council. Mr Disher has announced that he has never at any time hesitated or delayed to carry on the suit, that all the impediments and delays have been caused by others, and that his firm and fixed determination is to persevere with it till the final decision is given. It is expected that the ap peal will be heard before the Judical Committee in November. The great sales at Alton Towers continues daily ; the armour, scrulture, &c.;, have been sold this week, and real ised good prices. A boy lately employed in the Era office is in custody for robbing the editor's box of the postages in the letters. He was in the habit of obtaining posses sion of the keys of the office early in the morning,and. after ransacking theletters, locked up the office and restored the keys to the custody of a neighbor, who had them brought to him every night. ^ The Corporation of London have de cided on presenting to the Duke of Cambridge the freedom of the city and a sword of the value of 200 guineas. The Administrative Rtform Associa tion has given up the ghost. It has been in existence rather more than two years, and its course, we are sorry to sav, has been very pretentious, but very useles?. The Manchester testimonial to Dr. Livingstone, the African discoverer, has reached the amount of £500. A deputation had an interview with Lord Palmers.ton on Wednesday on the subject of the Red Sea telegraph com munciation with India, China, and Australia. ' Expenses of the Persian Exped ition.— On July 16th was printed the following return to an order of the House of Commons, for an estimate '•of the extraordinary expenditure ofi accouut of the expedition against Persia:" —" Amount estimated by the Govern ment of Bombay,from 1st October,!856 to 30th April, 1857, i.52,763 j amount paid in England for clothing and pro visions, £14,164; amount estimated for further supplies of clothing and provis ions, and for medical stores, £35,562 ; amount estimated on account of the reinforcement from the 1st January to the 30th April, 1857, £379,166; further expenses estimated to the 30th April, 1857, £102,000 , estimated charge on account of European and native troops for May and June, 1857, £363,000; estimated charge on account of native troops left in occupauon of Persia, for July, August, and Ssptember, 1857, £36*4,000 ; paid to the Peninsula and Oriental Company for coals supplied for the purpose of the expedition, £3,847 ; total, £1,865,435." The estimate is stated by the East India Company not to be based on very reliable data, the Government of India not having yet submitted any formal account of the expenditure* After the termination of the service an account will be rendered by the East India Company, after the settlement of which an estimate will be submitted to Parliament for the balance shown to be due. Assuming that the whole of the expenditure in such account will be extraordinary expenditure, with in meaning of the undertaking of * Majesty's Government, » '&0\etv of . will be payable out of funds to be t>ro vided by Parliament.! - •O W UC piU" — Golunexfpr Journal, 