THE GOLD-FIELDS OF NEW SOUTH WALES. [FROM OUR SPECIAL COMMISSIONER.] No. 2. THE valley of the Page lies between two high ranges of hills, which almost shut it in on every side. I found the vegetation here to be most luxuriant ; the fields of maize in some places were of such gigan'tio growth, that a man on horseback could have ridden through them unperceived. The soil is a heavy black loam, formed from the washings from the mountains that on all sides overhang the valley, and is most pro- lific. The crops of cereals, I am told, were this sea- son almost beyond belief, whilst from observation, I can answer for that of maize being most plentiful. The road passes through this heavv soil-which, how- ever good for agriculture, is certainly not the best for travelling on-for about four utiles, until it reaches Mur- rurundi ; the intervening distance being covered with short intervals, by small farms, all looking thriving and prosperous. Murrurundi is as romantic a looking village as can be found in the whole interior. Its one long line of street, all the houses of which have gardens attached to them ; ita numerous small farm houses standing out in the midst of new .ploughed or stubble land, or nearly buried in maize fields, and its clear river, that ripples over the shingle or brawls notaily amongst the huge masses of rock that here and thero obstruct it, are all shut in by giant mountains upon every side ; so that they are all gathered in by the eye at one glance, and without weariness, forming a pleasing contrast to the dark wood-crowned masses around-the giant frame for this sunny picture. It contains, I should think, about one hundred and fifty houses, the larger part of the population being engaged in agriculture. There are two or three good inns and stores, a church, and a court-house-a wooden build- ing, that seems to have been put as much out of the way as possible, being a long distance away from all" the houses of the town, and perched on the top of the high bank of a creek. There seems to be a good deal of traffic through this town, much of it being with the Hanging Rock diggings, the road to which branches off from here. The track now passes over some very hilly broken ground, winding up the bed of a running creek, crossing the short points of numerous ranges and varions water-courses that send their tribute to the Page. As we get farther from the township the scenery becomes more wild, and the road is gradually hemmed in by ranges on either side, which come down at a bluff or angle, as though disposed to dispute with the traveller the passage through their domain, until at about five 'miles distance we come upon the pass by which the vast Liverpool range is to be crossed. All around the ground is covered with dead timber, huge trunks of trees that the bullock drivers have fastened behind their teams as drags to check the impetus of the descent ; whilst it is cut up in every direction by deep water-courses worn by the torrents ~ that rush down the numerous gullies _ around. Turning from the scene of desolation to the abrupt ascent before me, I inwardly thanked Providence that I was not doomed for my manifold sins, to drive a bullock team up or j down that hill, whilst all wonder at tho habit of swearing that all bullock drivers contract at once left I me. If any man could take a team of bullocks up or 1 down that mountain road without swearing, he would deserve canonization. When I got off my more to lead her up-not the rise, for that will not express what it really is-but the wall of earth-the poor animal looked at the road, shook her ears, and »ighed-yes, ' aightd palpably, and «nmistakablT, no doubt for the comfortable macada- mised road« she recollected-though it could not have I been for that, for there is hardly such a thing in the country. By dint of a little encouragement «he managed to get over this, and "also over another difficulty in the same shape, though not to the same extent, and I was rewarded by a splendid view to the southward of the valley of the rage, stretching away between two giant lines of mountains. The interveh ing ranges prevented the township from bein«; percep- tible, though here and there a faint curl of blue smoke rising from amongst the trees ga-o signs of the presence of man. To the northward, however, no extended view is offered, the ahort grassy rangea shutting ont every thing but just a glimpse that can be caught of Liverpool Plaina, looking in the distance and the sun light uke a white sea. The descent by no means cor- responded, with the ascent on the other side, the road sloping down gradually, and only to a very incon- siderable distance. Immediately on the summit of the range stands a lonely grave. A bullock driver meeting with some accident, was killed on the spot, and buried nearly where he fell, and as I looked upon the place I thought that no more characteristic spot could be found for the last resting place of one who had led so wild and vagrant a life as that of a bullock driver. Forhimthevast peaks around, dad in all the rnggedness of nature, -were fitting monuments, and the wild winds and beat- ing rains sang suitable requiems. Here, at a spot scarcely twenty yards across, a thin spring trickled out from cither side, commencing at the same source, but destined for a very different course, the one falling to the south, travelling to meet and swell the waters of the Hunter ; the other giving its mite towards some of those streams the' make up the vast volume of the Murray, that extraordinary river that drains, with its tributaries, nearly the half of the whole continent of New Holland. Descending the easy slope that I have already spoken of, I found the appearance of the country alto- gether changed, even by the very short distance I had traversed from the summit. On the side I hod left all was bare and rugged, the rude face of the rock ex- posed, whilst vast boulders of Btone lay strewn about in every direction. These and the smaller stones and pebbles of all sizes and colours were also much rounded and water-worn. Tío sooner had I begun to ¿escend, however, than the northern face of the range showed a grassy and mnch leas rocky appearance. The stones also that were here and there scattered about had nearly all flat surfaces, with sharp edges, as if, unlike their neighbours of the other side, they had not been so much exposed to the action of water, or had more recently been severed from their parent rock. Travel- ling now through an undulating country for about two miles, the road suddenly descends into Dough Boy Hollow, the scene of the capture of the celebrated bushranger, the Jew Boy, by Mr. Day and a party of police under his command. This is just the spot that a novelist would choose tot description as the locality for a deed of violence or daring. The road winds ab- ruptly down across the ends of short broken ridges of black slippery earth, the gully itself being cut up in every direction by deep water courses, through which bright clear streams^were trickling in every direction, and the steep ranges around closing it in most effec- tually on all sides, except that by which the track passes. At the bottom of the gully is a suspicious looking inn, of the very lowest description, of rude slabs, and covered with bark in the most primitive bush style, suggesting to the romantic mind visions of bush- rangers and decoyed travellers.* Uninviting as waa the exterior of this hut, I yet, -with the true spirit of a reporter, dismounted to inspect the interior, almost re- gretting that it was not such an hour of the day as j would permit me to stop the night there, for I felt assured that I should have met with an adventure. The wildness of the natural features of the locality, the style of the building, the appearance of its occupants, and the old associations connected with the spot, all breathed of days now happily gone by, -when the runaway convict and the armed bushranger ranged over the country, making life and property un- safe. The mistress of the house was a coarse, stalwart red-faced woman, who appeared, even at that early hour of the morning, for it was barely nine o'clock, to have taken more than one glass of a stronger drink than water, whilst the master, who officiated at the bar, was a dark, low-browed man, with black hair clipped down close round his forehead, and with any- thing but a prepossessing style of countenance. Very much to my disappointment I was civilly treated, wat attentively served, and was suffered to pass on my way without any adventure beyond what my own prurient fancy could conjure up. As I left, the mail for the Lower Namoi, carried on horseback, came up and passed me, the rider turning off the main road down a gully to the left, almost without a track to mark the way. On quitting Dough Boy Hollow, the road passes through a fine open well grassed country, skirting along low and easy ranges. The trees on all tides seemed to be «lire with birds, «fmongtt which were Bomerout parrots of the most .varied and beautiful plumag«. After about four miles of this country, the road crosses a creek, the name of which I could not satisfactorily learn, for of half a dozen persons that I asked it from, each gave me a different name. It then traverses the beautiful grassy flats that border the stream on either side, again cross- ing and re-crossing the creek some four or five times, as the one tide or the other formed the best ground for travelling on. Passing an accommodation house, unlicensed, fourteen miles from Murrurundi, the track runs over some sound stony ranges for a short dis- tance, and then comet down upon a flat level country of heavy black swampy soil, covered with a most luxuriant growth of grass thai reached up to my stirrup irons as I rode along. Along this flat I continued, leaving the mail-road, which turned off to the right up some dry ranges that offered better travelling for the heavy vehicle that conveys Her Majesty's mails. Some dis- tance from this spot an interesting group, placed half, way np one of the gentle slopes that bordered the flat, caught myeye. Irwas an immigrant evidently but lately arrived, for he wore a black hat and long .tailed black coat of that kind contemptuously stigmatised by the bushman «sa" Dr. Doid." He "was reclining on the ground, and by his side, seated on a log, was a young woman, his wife," with an infant in her lap, her head bent over on her hand as if in grief. A small Are burnt by their side, whilst behind them was a light covered cart, perhaps containing all their -worldly pos- sessions. A short way off a horse stood feeding. Those two figures, .with their little child, seemed sadly out of place where they then sat in that spot ; the rough and sun-burnt bullock driver or gaunty stock- man would have been more in character. Ihe woman, with that fine instinct which females of every degree possess, must have felt this, and her air of sorrow may have arisen from this' cause, as she thought of home and friends far away in the pleasant village in that land now separated from her by the vast waste of waters. Were I given to poetising, I had here a theme i for spinning out verses by the yard. I did not speak I to them, I was too far off even to say ?< God speed ' them," but I wished it from my heart, for with that mysterious sympathy that binds human nature to- gether I felt that they were nnhappy and doubting, and had need of " God's speed" to hearten them by the way. Cantering along briskly, the feeling of melancholy that had stolen over mp was quick! v ' dissipated, and some half-a-dozen miles further brought me to a resting place for the night at the Snnatter's Home, a comfortable inn on a part of Mr. J.'Loder's run. From Garton*», "The Squatters' Home," to Davis', better known in the country as " Paddy Davis," a distance of twenty miles, the road is carried through a country precisely similar to that last described, now winding round gently sloping ranges, then passing along fine grassed flats, but all having the Bame rich, black, boggy, and slippery soil. As the road traversed an immense swampy flat, which lay at the base of a ' somewhat lofty mountain, the pinnacle of a branch I from the main range, I observed an extraordinary" ap pearance in the surface of the flat, it being laid up in ridges, of about the tize and having very much the appearance of the ridges of a ploughed field, and bearing a very great resemblance to old cul- tivated land that had been allowed to remain idle for some considerable time. Thi» appearance is owing io the lodging of the water on perfectly flat land, which has worn for itself gentle channel« by which to escape, in the same way at, in other parts of the country, the same lodgment of water wear« the «urfuce into those holes familiarly denominated " melon holes." Another remarkable feature of this part of the country is the dead timber on some of the hills. At times a whole hill side will ap- pear without a living tree upon it, the white trunk» standing out gaunt, leafless, and dead, and stretching out their fast decaying branches towards heaven, like ghosts of the primeval forest appealing deprecatingly against the almighty fiat that has gone forth for their destruction. There is a very handsome green shrub that grows very plentifully in this region, being a kind of peppermint, with a long narrow leaf somewhat similar to the mountain myrtle. Its bright green leaves form a pleasing variation to the sombre hues of the dark topped gume, whilst it is the more singular fron being the favourite selection of a large-sized cater- pillar, that spins its web amongst the branches of ihit shrub. These webs are very curious in appearance, I being composed underneath of a thick ton/h substance made by the insect, and somewhat resembling brown 4 paper, only of a lighter colour. In the interior of this, which is funnel shaped, and about the size of an ordi narr sparrow's nest, the web is formed, the top being covered with leaves, sticks, &c;, so as with the web to exclude the wet. I took them in the first instance for birds' nests, and seeing them so very numerous I was led to look closer at theo, when I saw at once from the appearance of the lower part that they could not be specimens of bird architecture. The web or nest that I examined con- tained eight of these caterpillars, so that it seems they join themselves into little communities to form a com- mon shelter. Throughout the whole of this country the feed waa most abundant, being a long bladed tufty grass, with ears shooting out of the tufts some- what resembling the wild rye. Thi* grass has the look of being coarse, but I am told that it is highly nutritious, and will fatten cattle or horses much quicker than stable feeding. I know from experience that horses eat it most readily. I passed over the country lying becween Davis' and Tamworth, a distance of about twenty-four miles, through heavy and continuous showers, that com- pletely drenched me before I waa half-way, and left me but little opportunity of making observations on the road. The country appeared, so far as it could be seen through the universal aheet of water that covered its face, to bear the same generic features with that I had travelled over during the two preceding days. Within three or four miles of Tamworth, however, the track ascends some ridges, which offer a somewhat better footing for the traveller. Rising the crest of one of these, the town of Tamworth suddenly comes into sight, although I had previously been prepared for it, by the fences which branded the road, and by the road itself which had been cleared- of trees and stumps for some distance. I caught only a faint view of the town through the misty rain, although the heavy ranges of the Moa rose high and black beyond, forming a fitting background to this uncomfortable picture. The town of Tamworth is divided into two unequal parts by the river Peel, the larger portion lying on the north er New England side of the river. It contains several good inns, one or two large stores, and about two hundredhouses, many of them of brick, and built in a very tasty manner. A good deal of business seemed to be doing in the town, principally with diggers, amongst whom I noticed many Chinese. The church is only small, and the court- house is a miserable edi- fice. Luckily I crossed the river before the creeks, swollen by the heavy rains of the two preceding days, had had time to come down sufficiently to stop my passage. The water was how- ever, quite high enough to be pleasant, and only by exceeding agility, for which I took all praise to myself on reaching the other side, was it that I escaped a wetting. Travelling along the feet of the lofty ranges that overhang the town, the road now passes along the rich alluvial valley that borders the Peel, until, reach- ing the Moa Creek a little above its junction with that river, it follows up the course of that stream, over fine dry flats, and along the base of vast broken granite ranges. On some of these the vast blocks of granite lie tossed about in almost chaotic confusion, forming all manner of curious forms and figures ; and in one place especially, I observed a vast boulder about twenty feet in height, and round on every face but one, and on that one an enormous slice seemed to have been taken off obliquely, leaving it an appearance of overhanging the roadway so much that only a small impetus would be sufficient to dislodge it from the flat and smooth-faced pedestal of rock on which it stood, and to send it crushing everything before it. Yet that rock must have stood for centuries, unmoved by storms, though gradually yielding, atom by atom, to the im- perceptible force of atmospheric agency. Joining the creek is the Swamp Oak Creek, running down by the foot of the Moonbie Ranges, and hemmed in on the other side by high -steep hills of granite, quartz, and whinstone. This creek is celebrated from having been the locality where gold was first dis- covered in the Northern district of New South Wales. Over a fine roadway beautifully macadamised by the granitic debris washed down from the hills, I reached the Moonbies just as the clouds, that had collected in heavy masses overhead, had begun to discharge their watery contents, and with a feeling of- satisfaction sheltered my self in the Coach and Horses, one of the two inns that the locality boasts of. That afternoon and the whole of the night the rain Îoured down in perfect torrents, and the next morning was greeted with the intelligence that my passage was barred before me. No moil passed, no team came along the road, only a solitary horseman, who had been compelled to return, waa seen travelling discon- solately by, as if, like Noah's dove, he had been left by the waters with no place to settle down upon. Another day of inactivity occurred, the streams on the route not having sufficiently subsided, although this and the preceding day had been bright and sunny, and it seemed to me a sad sacrifice of comfortable travelling to have to wait for the going down of the rivers, until perhaps the rain began again. The third day, however, I left the Moonbie, the road winding gradually up a pretty grassy valley, with a clear and sparkling stream running through it. This valley soon narrows into a gully, the road crossing short spurs and small water-courses, until it suddenly mounts the face of a precipitous ridge, the top of which when reached, shows other ranges to be passed. Range upon range now succeeds in quick succession, all to be crossed and all heavy mounting. When the last mountain is conquered, an extended view to the southward is gained, the ranges that had appeared mountains from the valley, now looking like pleasant hills from the mountain top, whilst in the back ground towers the giant mountains of the Liverpool Range rising one above another in solemn grandeur, at first black and frowning, but growing blue and indistinct as they fade into distance. To the northward however, as in the cases of the other ascents, no very extended view is to be gained, the ranges shelving down easily, and branching off in two short ridges in every direction. Down one of these the road slopes very gradually, crossing several abrupt points of ridges until a narrow swampy valley is reached. Along the edge of this the road winds; occasionally crossing the s ream that runs in a good body through the chain of large waterholes that occupied a good poriion of the centre of the flat. The'se are considered to be the most dangerous crossing-places in the coun- try ; for, when the whole flat Í9 covered with water, it is impossible to distinguish where these lsrge holes are, and in many cases the road passes close upon the edge of them. Thu», a traveller not knowing the road, or through inadvertence, may plunge suddenly into one _ of them, and being unprepared for the im- mersion, in too many cases fatal consequences ensue. All along the road streams of water were making their way across the track, issuing from innumerable springs ' in the range side. The roadway, however, was firm and good, notwithstanding occasional dilfi culties from accumulations of these tiny streams making a spot soft here and there. These placel were easily to, be avoided ; and now passing a few ranges not of very difficult ascent, I came to the waters of the Macdonald, that bete »wir that had already cost me two days. 