MECHANICS INSTITUTE. On Thursday evening a Lecture on Ozone was delivered by Dr. to. S. Hall, one of the Vice Presidents of the Institution The novelty of the subject attracted a large audience, and although the lecture was somewhat lengthy (extending over nearly two hours and a half) yet the masterly manner in which the lecturer treated his subject, the felicity of his illustrations and his successful manipulation, prevented in a great measure that sense of weariness, which is too often the result of listening to lengthened d course. The lecturer commenced by stating what was meant by ozone-a word like most scientific terms of Greek origin and signifying that ozone was matter distinguished by a particular odour which was readily detected on experimenting with electrical machines and still more readily in the atmosphere after a thunderstorm. Dr. Hall stated that after careful research and repeated experiments that eminent chemist and electrician Sir Michael Fara- day had arrived at the conclusion that ozone was oxygen excited into increased energy by electricity, and that this opinion was coincided in by most scientific men of the present day, The lecturer then after alluding to the chemical constitution of the atmosphere and noticing oxygen as a supporter of life proceeded to describe how the atmosphere was vitiated by carbonic acid gas one of the products of combustion-sulphuretted hydrogen and other miasma which continually exhaled from the decay of animal matter, and after dwelling most forcibly on the pernicious effects produced by breathing an atmosphere thus vitiated, he called attention to the beautiful provision the Almighty had made for neutralizing the noxious gases existing in the atmosphere viz. by vegetables whose food principally consisted of carbonic acid gas so fatal to animal life and by ozone which Dr. Hall described as being a perfect destroyer of all hurtful miasma, to use the doctor's own words, literally eating them up. Ozone was found to exist in the atmosphere in large quantities after any electrical disturbance such as thunder storms, a heavy fall of rain was also consequent upon evaporation which was constantly going on from the surface of the waters and ground. The test for ozone is a paper dipped in a solution of iodine of potassium and starch-this being exposed to the action of bodies containing ozone become? a purple colour the depth of the that indicating the quantity of ozone by this means an accurate measurement of the quantity of ozone contained in the atmosphere can be ascertained. Dr. Hall next alluded to the statement made by the Rev. Mr. Quilter that ozone was oxygen in its purest form. To disprove this the I lecturer exhibited a jar containing pure oxygen in which a slip of test paper had been suspended for several hours and which on being examined did not exhibit the slightest trace of ozone. As to the experiment on which Mr. Quilter relied for the support of his theory-viz. the liberation of pure oxygen from peroxide of barium by pouring upon it sulphuric acid and submitting a test paper to the atmosphere contained in the case in which the experiment was performed. Dr. Hall shewed that the same result could be obtained by simply mixing sulphuric acid and water-the ntmo?phere~aI>ove mixture on being subjected to the requisite test showing that ozone in considerable quantities existed in it. This experiment Dr. Hall considered as conclusive inasmuch as no oxygen could be liberated by simply mixing sulphuric acid and water. Dr. Hall then proceeded to give the results of his experiments in ascertaining the quantity of ozone in dwelling houses, particularly in the rooms used as sleeping apartments, and in almost every case a total absence of that vital in* gradient was indicated. After alluding to the fact that the atmosphere of Tasmania was particularly rich in ozone, he detailed the results of a series of experiments conducted by himself, Mr. Abbott of Murray street, Mr. Latham of Fitzroy Crescent, and Mr. Newman of the botanic gardens, which disclosed the fact that in the higher portions of the city ozone existed in greater quantities than in the lower ones. After remarking how highly important it was that medical men should closely observe the meteorological condition of the atmosphere, he concluded his interesting lecture by calling on the citizens if they valued the health of themselves and families never to rest until they had procured an efficient drainage, a continual and plentiful supply of water, and a building act by which a due regard to proper ventilation could be enforced in the various habitations of the city. i . T , Perils of the Bail in America The rays of the sun never penetrate the forest, and evening was deepening the gloom of the artificial twilight, when gradually we became enveloped in a glare redder and fiercer than that of moonlight ; and looking ahead I saw the forest on fire, and that we were rushing into the flames. " Close the windows ! there's a fire ahead," said the conductor and after obeying this common- place direction, many of the passengers returned to the slumbers which had been so unseasonably disturbed. On, on we rushed the flames encircled us round-we were enveloped in clouds of stifling smoke crack, crash went the trees-a blazing stem fell across the line-the fender of the engine pushed it aside the flames hissed like tongues of fire, and then', leaping like serpents, would rush up to the top of the largest tree, then it would blaze like a pine knot. There seemed no egress ; but in a few minutes the raging, roaring conflagra- tion was left behind A forest on fire from a distance looks very much like Punch's picture of a naval review } a near view is the height of sublimity. The dangers of the cars, to my experience, seemed by no means over with the escape of being roasted alive. A few miles from Cleveland they rushed down a steep incline, apparently into Lake Erie, but in reality upon a platform supported on piles, so narrow that the edges of the care hung over it, so that I saw nothing but water. A gale was blowing, and drove the surf upon the platform, and the spray against the windows, giving such a feeling of insecurity that, for a moment, I wished myself in one of our " coon country boxes Englishwoman in China. instability of the Earth. Not far, from Naples near Pozzuoli there are parts of ancient temple of an Egyptian cod Serapis still standing; three beautiful columns speak of its former splendour. At a considerable height they present the curious sight of being worm-Paten and recent careful researches leave no doubt that the waters of the Mediterranean once covered them so high as to bring their upper parts within reach of the sea-worms. Since then the land has risen high ; but, stranger still, they ore, by a mysterious force, once more to be submerged ; already the floor of the temple is again covered with water and a century hence new generations of molluscs may dwell in the same abandoned homes of their fathers, which are now beyond the reach of the highest waves. An old Capuchin monk, who lives near by, is fond of telling visitors how he himself in his youth, had gathered grapes in the vineyard of his convent, over which fisher-boats now pass in deep water. Venice also, the venerable city of the Doges sinks, year by year, deeper in the arms of her betrothed bride, as if to hide her shame and her disgrace in the bosom of the Adriatic. Already in 1792, when the pavement of the beautiful place of St. Marco was taken up, the workman found, at a considerable depth below, an ancient pavement, which was then far below watermark ; now the Adriatic has again encroached upon the twice raised square. At high water magazines and churches are flooded and if proper measures are not taken in time, serious injury must inevitably follow. Baptism of Mennonites at Ches- tinfields singular, and a most disgraceful scene has taken place at Chester- field. On the outskirts of the town runs a narrow stream among the fields, called the river Rother, over which, on the Has and road, is a bridge called Stone, bridge. This was the spot fixed upon for the performance of the ceremony we are about to describe. About 100 or 150 persons chiefly women, are scattered on the verge of the water, waiting for the appearance of the deluded fanatics who are to be "dipped." They call to each other from opposite sides, and crack jokes of a most indecent and shameless character. It is past eight, and quite dark, the moon been obscured, and not a single star out to shed even a glimmer of light. Two or three candles are brought down to the water, and stuck in the mud by the side, and presently a coarseish-featured man descends into the middle of the stream, and takes up his position under the arch of the bridge. This is the priest who is to perform the ceremony He has nothing on but a pair of trousers, tucked up at the knee, and a waistcoat with sleeves. He intimates to the I attendants that he is ready, and in a few minutes emerges from a house two or three hundred yards off men (some half, and others naked), and they walk over the ground, which is strewed with pieces of broken bottles, bricks, and tiles to the water. They are compelled to pass through the women who line the banks, and the remarks which ensue are revolting and in- delicate beyond description. One by one they are received by the priest, who, amid shouts of laughter, dips each individu in, pronouncing over them the formula, being commissioned by Jesus Christ, baptise the for the remission of the sins, in name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." As he utters these words He lays them beneath the water, and the individual who is being baptised being in every case blinded by the water, there is a struggle to rise, and on several occasions both pi west and baptized rolled over together in he stream. As may be imagined, this affords immense amusement to the mob, who testify their approbation by clapping of hands, shrieks, and roars of merriment "Man- chester Examiner. 