0 IMMIGRATION. To the Editor of the Argus. I Sir, hall feel obliged by being permitted to offer a few remarks on your able, and I think > useful, article, in this day's paper, headed Immigration It would, I think, appear by your suggestions as to the propriety of the Government's being in future more careful as to the periods at which emigration should leave 1 Great Britain for this colony, that you only allude to "male emigrants." ' If so, I would venture to state that I' consider the arrival of so large a number of female servants here in the autumn and winter as also prejudice. The demand for female labor in the winter and early spring is not nearly so great as during the other portions of the year, and for these reasons : the roads to the interior are bad, and the expense of transit much greater. Farmers, private families, and large landholders, also, do not generally visit the metropolis at these seasons. Emigrants, male and female, should leave the r British ports from about the latter end of May till December, and after that time the number should be greatly decreased. From experience I can state it would tend much to the advantage of the intending emigrants at home, as also to the community here, if your suggestion was ordered to be carried out, viz, that the Immigration Agent here should, after the biting of each ship immigrants, publish an official statement of the wages for which the Eurtics hired out-stating their classes, with a ghost and lowest rates for which they left the depot. At present parties at home come out here believing they will obtain the wages as quoted under the head of " Labor Market," which, when too late, they find to be totally incorrect, inasmuch as those rates for many months in the year are almost merely nominal, and those only to be relied on are such as would be quote! from the Government Immigration Depot. Thus the intending emigrants would be placed in possession of the real amount of wages which might be expected on landing ht re. j PROPRIETOR OF LABOR OFFICE, J MELBOURNE. 31st July, 1857. . , j 