MESSES. MICHIE AND MOORE AT THE CRITERION. After leaving tho Olympic, Messrs Michio and Mooro ?prococded with a number of frionds to tho Criterion and addressed those assembled thoro. No notico having beon given of tho intended movement, wo woro unable to procure a report of Mr Moore's observations. Tho following is ns full a roport of Mr Michio's address as the lateness of the hour admits of. Mr Alien [i: assured them that tho demonstration which they had had in tho earlier part of the evening was not at all olljusive to him, for upon theso occasions he was not so little self possessed as to bo disturbed by such natural and English ebullitions of polirical feeling. And ho valued such demonstrations more than to resent tho personal inconvonicnce occa sioned to himsolf or to suppose it insulting to ,hia political position in tho colony. He would bo sorry to acquire an immunity from such scenes at tho cost of getting rid of such ebullitions, and 'oing on as smoothly as tliqy did in Austria or iu llussia' and to fall back on that quiot of desolation which tho people caucci peace, becauso tho human vo'co was not hoard against its rulers. If they woro to consult his taste lot ihem givo him the cabbago sfnups of Covent Garden or oven tho sweet voices of that night. — (laughter)— than tho peaco of tho serfs of Russia.' Wo had had such scenes from tho time of our An.'lo Saxon ancestors who had given us tlio rich heritage of liberty, which ho hoped,, as long as tho English0 lan- guage endured, we should never lose. He was not however, the less satisfied that by tho adjournment they had kindly afforded him tlio opportunity of making somo explanation which scoinod to bo required iu j certain quarters. It was true that ho hid taken a prominent part in what was tnnnn,] tho lato administration. Ho had seconded the motion upon which they resigned, and under tho same circumstances would dp so again to-morrow, and would be prepared to justify himself as ho would that night. The motion was. a wholesome admonition for tho manner in which the public funds wero proposed to bo dealt with by that administration. Ho was per fectly conscious that it might partly be considered as a motion of want of confidence from tho manner in which it was moved, and still more by tlio manner in which it was received by Mr Ilaines. But it was not bocauso that honorablo gentle tleman iu a splenetic mood had chosen to receivo it so that ho (Mr Michio) should vote otherwise. Ho seconded that motion, and when ho loft tho House that night ho was sure thero was not a gentleman now present who would not boliovo him when he stated as his subsequent conduct showed— that ho was as utterly indifferent to'oflico as ho had boon on threo sovoral previous occasions, twice during tho timo of the IIaino3 Administration, when heliad been requested to accept tho Solicitor-Generalship, and once tho AttorneyGeneral ship, all which he had refused on tho ground that it was both his taste, and he thought his interest, to stick to the public at ? largo, who had been pleased for the last four years to patronise his exertions iu tho way which mado it a matter of indifference to him to accept any office. On the night of that debato he (Mr Michie) went homo, and tho next day ho wont to his business at tho Supreme Court as usual, and tho next day ho wont to partako of n valodictory entertainment, given by a friend of his at his own houso which _ ho did not leave until between four and ^ flvo o'clock tho following day. Ho was so specific and particular on thoso circumstances on account of anothor circumstance to which ho would presontly come. As ho was leaving tho door of his friend's house in company with his learned friend Mr Chapman and Mr Wyatt, he had been saluted for the first timo by a gentleman who was also a friend. This was what occurred about the noto which had been mado so much of, or attempted to be. His friend, Mr Bindon, rodo up to tho gate and said that Mr O'Shanassy was desirous of seeing him, (Mr Miohio ) It was thenatthecommoncementofoneofthesittingsoftlio Supreme Court, which last a fortnight or three weeks, aud his — (Mr Michie's) — mind was moro occupied with the interests committod to his caro than in thinking on Mr O'Shanassy's or any other administration. Ho said to Mr Bindon that it would bo almost idle for him to attend Mr O'Shanassy, as it would bo scarcely possible for liim,. under nny circum stanecs, _ to accept oflico | but, being pressed by Mr Bindon, — all tliat' iiassed did not occunv moro than throo or four minutes, and as his two friends wero j waiting for liim ho turned the conversation by saying ho would endoavor to soo O'Shanassy by ten o'clock tho following morning. It happened, when ho got homo for tlio first time and looked through his papers, that it occurred to liini that ho was a defendant in an action for libel. Thero had not been many actions brought against liim, but whilo ho was editor of tho Herald he had perpetrated a libel against a learned gentleman who had lately been somewhat conspicuous in tho city. By a curious coincidcaco that libol was set down as tho first caso on tho special jury list for tho noxt morning, and as he (Mr Michie) was not anxious to be absont, and possibly to liavo a verdict of £2000 against him, ho wroto a noto to Mr O'Shanassy reminding him of tho circumstance, and informing that gentleman that ho would not be able to seo htm. It so happened that tho record was withdrawn, and ho mijlit liavo seen Mr O'Shanassy, the plaintiff in the action, having thought bettor to retire from tho contest. It occurred to him that ho would do so, but he had scarcely got six yards from the court when ho was 'nailed ' for tho first caso in which he was engaged 03 counsel ; and in ho went for that day, tho following day, and the next day after. No intimation whatever was made to him from ^ that timo till his finally declining to join _ Mr O'Shanassy's administration. He (Mr Michie) had rccoived no intimation from Mr O'Shanassy, or any friend of his, that ho propo.icd to take into his Ministry cither tho g- ntlom.in who be came his Treasurer or tho Commissioner of Trade and Cu?toin3, or any other member of his government. Ho (Mr Michie) did not complain of this, as ho felt ho had no right to do so, and ho felt somewhat ashamed when it .had been said by Mr Harker that ho (Mr Michio) was . actuated, by such pusillanimous vanity, as to complain^ of any arrangements having been concluded without his having been con sulted. He had not boon so long working in public affairs — whatever might have been hii exortions iu a sister colony— in Victoria to bo entitled to dictate to Mr O'Shanassy whether he should tako ono gentleman into his administration or reject another. Had Iu Qtiosott ^ 3 anil Cj he (Mr Miohio) should simply hav said, I don't think your Treasurer has a sufficiently clean bill of political health sinco tho Ballaarat riots. (Cheers.f IIo has not sufficiently cleared himsolf from tho gravo imputations resting upon him, to bo taken into an administration under the new Con stitution. (Cheers.) Ho (Mr Michio) had a memory if others had not, and ho was ono of tho counsel upon whom devolved tho duty, which he discharged to the best of liis humblo abilities, of defending tho men who wore tried for that outbreak. Ho knew all tho cir cumstances, but though thov wore fresh iu his memory ho felt that tho floor of tho Legisla- ) tivo _ Assembly was hardly tho place whore ! a topic which had passed into history should bo urged | against him. But thoro was a conviction so deenlv ' seated in his mind that could he, in the serene atmos pliero of the Assembly express himself as an advocate rather than a legislator, he could say ' look at the I political victim Peter Lalor on this sido,' liko another Banquo's ghost to scarc tho chief member of that byc gono Government front his position of Treasurer. Tho learned _ gentleman next alluded to Mr Foster's mis appropriation of tho public funds, aud after touching on several other topics continued to remark: — Referring to the Emigration scheme, ho appealed to tne newspaper reports in proof of the course he pursued | when that was proposed. Ho pledged his credit that he had most energetically protested ngainst tho impro priety of sending homo such largo sums of money, as proposed by the Haines Administration, for tho pur pose of introducing labor into tho colony. He then gavo decisive expression of his opinion, that tho emissaries they wero appointing with that object should be given to understand that tho expedient was one of 'but a temporary character. With this understanding, thoso who were entrusted with the duty should be sent homo, and no arrangements of a permanent character ought to bo contemplated, and yet ho had beon charged wttli having sold the working classes, by supporting ithis project. If they called that selling tho working classes, ho did not know whatselling them meant 1 When litOiad been asked, as he frequently had been, by tho working classcs— Do you think it fair to us, that we should bo I compelled to ;pay for bringing out additional labor to undersell ourselves in this very market? lio had felt that tho forco of tho argument as a question I of political economy, was on their side, sml in the lato debato he had not failed to protest against the scliomo, und had contended, that tho appointments of Mr Childcrs and tho other agonts should bo terini nablo aftor a short period, and not such as to enfail a pormancut and lasting expenditure upon the country. Thoro woro throo other questions, o'n'which it had bien said ho had sold his constituency. To them ho would alludo. It was asked, ' What did you tako the squatters into tho new Ministry for?' He would disposo of tho argument impliod fin this question in a . few words. At tilie mooting to which his friend and colloagtie had alluded, that argument had been brought up. Tho observation he thon made upon it was—'! am well known to bo|fts firm and determined an opponent as ever of the rididu lous and extravagant pretensions which squatters lin former days advanced.' That they would hardly diiro ever to revive theso pretensions. That if they had Ad mitted a squatter into tho ministry, his colleagues would bo a sufficient chock upon him. Place ono wild and unsubdued elephant between two lumo one's, and , they would soon teach him to be quiot und submissivo. So if the.' ono tuujr liuu among tnem presumed to Bhovr his squatting toudcucios' thoro would bo aniplo means Of keeping him quiet. The failuro of tho proposdd system of leases had, as ho considered, drawu the tooth of the squatters— thoy had henceforth no more powor had tlioy cvon had tho will, to inflict iry'ury upon this community. Thoso views ho liud recorded alroady. IIo had pledged himself to them and ho now repeated his pledge. If for ono instant any member of the administration woio to sock in any way or form to deal with the lands of tho colony for sectional and party purposes, nnd not with a view to the; public good, ho would nt once m.iko his bow aud ratiro aud tako his place on tho opposition again ! But it was said, ' Why, thon, do you consent to thn [ admission of Mr Ebden ?' Ho had not insisted upon tho_ dismission of Mr Ebdcn, simply because he con sidered him tho host man thoy could get for tho office. Ho is tlio right man, . and that was his rMit platfc. (No 1 No ! — Ho is an excellent squatter.) Ho might bo so, but ho was also u very harmless squatter. But in other respects Mr Ebden was tho ? best fitted for the Trnnciirir TYnm nil l.n r\T„ VI ? , , V1'-' Juiume; could collect tho suffrages of thoso who had known Mr llbdou longer than he had, and were therefore tho best quali fied to instruct him, taught him that Mr Ebden was the best Auditor Gonoral tho colony ever had. If this woro so, and if in other respects ho was an honorablo I and upright man, it would bo moro cowardice and weak ness foi thom to give way to tho cry of 'squatter,' and ' squatter of tho squatters,' 'which had been raised. To havo excluded hiin would have been an injustice, nnd would havo been practically to ignore his rights in this community. Ho hoped that those whom ho had tho honor to address, including thoso out of doors (through tho press,) and thoso within, would givo him credit for having voted with honesty hitherto, and ho was not now going to sell his position to Mr libden or any other squatter in the country. Ho asked what was his motive iu taking office ? IIo had nothing to gain by office. IIo was averso to speak of himself aud his own conduct all, but ho might bo excused for doiug 60 in this case. Not onco or twice only, but he might say four times, ho had refused oflico, Ho was content with his position as a private citizen, and with tho moans nfl'orded by his profession ; and it was ridiculous to assign as his motive tho intention of selling tho interosts of this country— interests with which his own and Ins family were bound up ? and all ? this merely for the purpose of obtaining the favor and , gratifying the interests of thoso who are perfectly I harmless, and as iniapable of mischief ns tho Chinese t who had innocently created so much groundless , alarm. If any squatter should dare to go to tho Assembly and raise a hark-back to any of thoso measures in winch they had been defeated, he for ono would say to them, ' You must be put down and excluded altogether, un less you will consent to bo quiet'; that 'until that should arise, he should bo sorry to exclude from the Houso any of them who had a fair and honorable am bition, to come forward to represent thoir fellow-citizens. Why should tlioy bo driven from the colony, or shut out from all influence nnd office ? He remembered the timo when squatterism was the back-bone of tho colony ? but though timos had changed, ho saw no reason why they should not bo fairly dealt with. Ho would give tlio squatters thoir duo influence, and not bo carried away by unnecessary cries. There remained one or two sub jects upon which ho would make a passing remark. An impression existed that he had gone tho whole length of tho land league, and in a recent debate a gentleman had asked was ' tho Lion of tho Land League about f n lie down witk tho Lamb of the .Pastoral Association.' lie would just state that he had met that morning a gentleman whoso name ho had observed in ono of tho papers associated with his own on the land quostion ? ho meant Mr Wilson Gray, who very frankly came up to him ill. tho street, and. liko an honorable and truthful man as ho was, lio said it was scarcely fair to refer to him (Mr Michie) in that manner. Ho had not gono tho whole length of the Land League with Mr Gray, nor had Mr O'Slianaisy and ho (Mr Gray) said ho did not like either of them ou that account. He objected to tho system of dealing with tho lands as proposed by tho Loa-*uo though ho would afford every possible filcilit\'- by means of land offices, and every other legal facility for settling tho lands. But tho plan the Leasuo advocated would have the effect simply of sub stituting ono form of nquatting for anothor. Ho qonsidercd that tho opening of land to settlors on the Americm plan, by which parties would be able to | select thoir stations and squat upon them with pay ment, would bo unfair to those who had already bought land, and would tend to plunge tho question into iiiex tricable confusion. As to lying down with tho lamb of tho P astoral Association , he went as far on tho questiou as any one iu the Assembly, but instead of being the only lion thore, they wero numerous enough to oat up tho_ lamb altogether. IIo nsked furthor, wa3 this an exclusive administration? They had not perhaps heard that Mr O'Shanassy himself was invited to join that administration. 11b (Mr Michie) had been consulted on this matter, and had himself said that though on some material ques tions he should havo to oppose that gentleman, thoii'ii thoy diflerod. for instance, on the stato aid questicm, thoso differences should never blind him to ono thins namely, that Mr O'Shanassy had beon a useful man in tho colony for . many yenrs, and invariably distinguished for his ability and public spirit. (Hear, hear, and applause.) He thought that ho would make an admirable head fur tlio Board of Laud and Works, In accordance with his (ftlr Michio sy» advice, Mr M'Culloch waited upon i Mr O bhanassy to invite him to accept a place iu the ad ministration, and that gentleman had taken somo timo to consider. Tho application was, ho beliovod, made on a l'riday, and if he remembered rightly, ho took Saturday, and ho thought til! Monday, beforo he de cided ; thus tho administration lost somewhere about two days, be lore ho gave a final answer. Ho then declinou, and thoy wero obliged to do without him. Mr Michio then prococded to explain tho motives of his opposition to the lato Ministry and hi,i connection with uil iniaiuw, xiu p^iccivcit tnatthe public business had boon obstructed, and as it was very ncccssary that it should go ou, lis felt himsolf bound to render all tho assistance in his power. Thoy had Guccccdctl in gattim' rii. ? obnoxious treasurer, and so far his ( Mr Michie s) object was attained. * When he was asked to accopt olhco, ho intimated that if they could get ano thor Attorney or Solicitor-General, ho would support tho Miui.try so far as ho could ; nnd it was not until come fifteen or sixteen of his per sonal frion-is had urged hiin to accopt tli.it position. IIo did not dnsiro office. Had ho consulted his personal oaso ho would liavo preferred spending his timo among his books than in scones snc.h a'3 those of that evening, which at any rato tax a man's nervous system and disturb his qu:ct. lio concluded by expressing his perfect willingness to leave himself in tho hands of his constituency, assured that if they deemed him worthy to reiaiu his position no slight mis understanding would induco them to withdraw their support, nnd if he was to bo dismissed he wai so entirely sustained by his own conscicnca that ho could retire Into privata life without fooling that rtrtythlhtf ill liij political or personal oonduot hnd fbrfoitoj Ills eliiini to be estcomod an honest man. (Choors.) The Ch.vikman- expressed his satisfaction with Mr ? Michie's statement, and intimated his opinion,' that had tho mooting that evoning condescended to listen to him ns patiently as ho had been listened to thero, ho would have gained their entire approbation. An elector present wished to ask Mesjrs Michie and Mooro, whether it was tho intention of the present Ministry to bring in a bill, so as to give ovary person a I voto who is entitled to one? (Laughter.) Mr Michio I intimated tho.t he entirely approved of tho notico of motion given by tho hon. member for Richmond ; and ho should support an Electoral Bill which would extend the franchise and otherwise amend tho bill now iu force. Ho regarded this Ministry ns inorely n transition Min istry, and such it must continue until after tho result of the census was ascertained. He approved of manhood suffrage, and doomed an increaso of members in the Assembly requisite to aproper representation of thocouu try. Ilealso referrodto abill drawn by himself with great care, tlio Workman's and* Sub-Contractors' Lien 'Bill. Ho was induced to suspend this bill for somo time, by the correspondence of various parties interested in its provisions, but he hoped to bo able to rc-producc it, umeuded and enlarged. Mr Vine, tho president of tho Society of Carpenters and Joiners in Melbourne, who had been present at tho Bclvidero mooting and nt the Olympic, disclaimed, on behalf of himself nnd brother operatives all pre-arrangement nnd dc-ign in tho noisy proceeds of tho meeting. Ho referred to somo correspondence which he had with Mr Michie as to the bill above mentioned, and reminded that gentle man that ho had'nflt had tho courtesy to reply to liis, Mr Vino's note on. the subject. Ho would however assure Mr Michio that ho still hnd tho confidonco, nnd would in the ballot command . tho support of that class of Work ing men to which lie (Mr Vine) belonged. The meeting closed about half-past 11 o'clock. 