BALLAARAT DIGGINGS. We condense the following from the Ballaarat Times :— INKERMANN. — The work is growing warmer every day in the Creswick road, and the different rival com- panies are straining every nerve to be first in the deep ground. The Rough and Ready are still, and have for some time been driving in the reef. Of course they will not say in what direction, but if a peep could be taken at the underground operations, I rather fancy the drives would be found nearly facing the Hit or Miss party. The latter are through the rock, and puddled up, and are still sinking. The North Star, on the other side of the road, are, I hear, through the rock. Water is plentiful here, as well as in the other claims, and the little locomotive they have secured will have its work cut out. Behind, the Hope and Northern are washing away merrily, and the former are said to be doing well. In the Northern seven loads of ' mullock ' were washed on Friday, to close the seams of the machine, and about half an ounce secured. The first machine of the pad- dock was puddled on Saturday, and yielded 18 ounces to twelve loads ; nearly the same average was obtained yesterday. The Germans who have been so long in this reef, were declared on Saturday to have crossed the gutter by a number of competent judges. To return to the south side of the Inkermann Lead. The Allied Armies have been mustering their forces in great strength all last week. Both shafts are fairly swarming with men engaged in heaving, hammering, boring, adzing, dovetailing, hoisting and lowering the indispensable timber for their engines, both of which are on the ground. The upper one is of 10 horse power, and the lower one of 15, where the ground will be deeper, and the water of course heavier. The Haphazard boys, tired of driving upon a level, appear to have got a " slant " at the gutter, a la Kan- garoo on the White Horse. They are a good working crowd, and deserve to be well paid for their trouble. The engine is en route and will shortly be fitted. The day when steam is first up ought to be marked with the whitest stone in all the claim, for many a thousand weary turns at the windlass will be thereby saved, and the pile of dirt around the shaft amply testifies to the unwearing industry displayed. The West End, on the opposite side of the way, are only just into the rock, while the City of London are getting through it very fast. The Republic Shaft remains in statu quo pending the fixing of the engine, a very fine new one from Jenner's, of 20 horse power. The boiler is on the ground, and the rest of the machinery arrived yesterday. TOWNSHIP. — Of the goodly array of companies which met our gaze at every turn in Armstrong and Sturt streets, there remain but two which may be said to be alive. The Nil Desperandum boys have gone nugget hunt- ing in shallow ground. The Post Office Reserve Com- pany, after a number of preliminary struggles, has at last given up the ghost, although to read Mr. Carver's advertisement, it would seem that the dissolution was somewhat premature. The Golden Fleece Company adopted the wisest course, for they had hardly touched reef before they cried cave. The Clare men who have gained such a reputation both for good and evil, have disposed of their engine to the Sons of Freedom Company on the Nightingale. A very dreary look does the old claim present, as nothing remains but dry dusty reef, and a few slabs that are cracking in the sun. The Sapphire and Sir Henry Barkly, are long since abandoned, and the place thereof knoweth them no more. So, out of the dozen or more companies which were all to do so well, there remain but the Horn of Plenty and the George. An engine is talked of for the former, and the latter company are hard at it in the reef. Not satisfied with the very heterodox looking gutter they were working last week, a drive has been put in, so as to get a slice of the Gravel Pits, the mirage which excited the hopes of so many others. Better luck to the George. 