IIIGH LIFE BEHIND THE SCENES. Tho occasion of a sale of autographs and other literary relics, in Loudon, clicits this characteristic effusion from the clover Loudon ' Gossiper'' of tho Liverpool Albion : — ' Another sale of a very interesting charac ter took place yestenday, at Puttick and Simp sou's, the well-known auctioneers of literary property, Piccadilly, chiefly autograph letters and MSS., including ten letters of Napoleon, twenty of Nelson, and several addressed to AT link T,n wis. bv Bvron. Moore, Rogers, Fox, Colman, and others of bis contemporaries ; together with a very extensive .collection of autographs, engravings, drawings, handbills, newspaper cuttings, -fcc., relating to balloon ing, or tho science and practice of aerostation iu England and on the coutiuent from 11S3 to tho present time. Among political celebrities of our own day, thero was a lotter from Lord Palraerst on, relating to some improve ments at Broadlands, and one from the 'lato Joseph Hume to Mr Petor Thompson, deve loping tlie writer's plans for model cottages, to bo ercctcd at a cost of .€50 each, and to be let to laborers for about Is 6d a week. The Napoleon letters, with one exception, did not command qnito such high prices as those lately spoken of here. One, signed N., and counter signed by tho Duke of Foltre, was sold for 5s 6 J ; another, with the seal of the Republic attached, and countersigned by Borthior, 10^. Most of the others wore signed Bonaparte, and addressed to tho Minister of War ; they averaged 153 each, with the exception just re ferred to, a long and important letter, filled with minute instructions for the arrest of the Dnko of Enghien, which realised five guineas. Tlie letters of Nelson included seven addressed to Lady Hamilton, and exhibiting in more nauseous and lamentable colors even than the public are aware of the fatuou3 slavishness of the hero to his sorceress. One of the letters, not printed in tho Pettigrew Memoirs, relates to his 'adopted' daughter lloratia, and seems to have been intended to blind that poor noodle Sir W. Hamilton as to tho child's parent age. This produced £11 2s ; and another, relating to political and naval matters, £1 lis. The latter was printed by Pettigrew, but with out tlio endearing expressions which occur in it. Ho laments ' people's curiosity,' but defies them to ' find anything but my sin cerest and devoted love for you, of which I am proud, and care not, my dear Emma, who knows it.'' Several characteristic letters,' re ferring to naval matters, and to tho progress of the war, sold at prices varying from lis to £-1. Tlie most important item iu tlio 'Lewis correspondence was ono from Byron, tho in terest of which, says the catalogue, may be conjectured from the opening paragraph namely, 'It has been iutimated to mo that, tlio persons understood to bo the legal advi sers of Lady Byron, have declared their lips to bo sealed up on tho causes of separation be tween her and myself. If their lips are sealed up, they aro not sealed up by me, and tho greatest favor thoy can confer upon mo will bo to open thera.'' He goes ou to say, that lie pi.rned tho doud of separation jivitii reluctance, after ropeatedly and in vain calling for a state ment of the charges against him ; and that he would bo happy to oauccl, and submit tho whole case, whatever it might be, to any tri bunal, a proposition which he had mado pre vious to the s:paration, and which had boon declined. Tho legal adviser of her ladyship, who is still alive, was, as all the world knows, Dr. Luskington, who is still alive also, as is like wise that fricud of tho poet who took' the principal share in the discussion, or tho hush ing up, of tho very piquant affair of the period, namely, Cam Hobhouse, Lord Brough ton. Each race of this trio should assuredly deal with this extraordinary let tor, more especially as it has been bought by Mr Murray, the publisher, for U. 12s. ; and of course for incorporation in future editions of the Moore biography, from which posterity will ever judge tho bard. Moore himself does not seem to have been aware of this letter, or of any letter of the sort. Iu fact he rather shuffles out of the whole question of the separation, and appears to let the Lushington judgmeut go by default against his hero. It will bo recollected by those old enough to remember the scaudals of that scandalous time, [they were all reviewed by Campbell, on tho part of Lady Byron, when Moore published the memoirs in 1830,] that the Doctor said there were reasons which rcuderod it wholly, impossible Byron and his wife should ever again cohabit. What those reasons wero have never been disclosed ; but fancy the most foul rau riot for years, in imagining them, nothing being too hor rible or monstrous for public credulity in connexion with the head of tho Satanic school, as 'Southey called him of tho Giaour and Gain — ' himself the great original he drew.'' But tho principal personage in Gain, and a very gentlemanly fellow ho is there, more of a Pall-mall club kind of individual than in Milton, namely, the Devil is not so black as he is painted ; for here we have him telling tho Mouk, whom he knew would tell everybody, that all ho was anxious .for was the truth, as lus could not suffer from that. Will Hobhouso, ere he die, insist on that being disclosed 1 In reference to Lewis — ' author of the libidinous and impious novel The Monk' — as tho moral Mr C'roker, legatee of the late sainted Marquis of Hertford, has it — a strange instance of the mutability of popularity was furnished at yesterday's sale. Times was whou his Talcs of Terror mado every fashionable ' fall of hair' stand on end in ecstatic horror ; when his drama of the ' Castle Spcctro, or One o'Clock,' kept noble knights and ladies fair from yawning long past tho witching hour, and his Bravo of Venice was tho beau ideal of picturesque assassins ; while, iu a, so cial point of view,' ; he was ' tue very lioii who set tho table in a roar, though often' a bore.. Yet a miserable 12s was all that could be ob tained yesterday, not for his autograph', but for an unpublished metrical romance of many pages, one 'of his u§ual Germanised pieces' of diablere and supernaturalism, called ' Oberon's Henchman, or the Legend of : the Three Sisters.' The manuscript; in the hand of a copyist, was evidently iutended for an' album, each page being surrounded by an ornamental' embossed border, enclosing French mottoes. It j is embellished with eight drawings in colors, by Lewis himself, Blake, the painter, Lady Montagu, 'the Hon. Miss Wingfield, and the Hon. Caroline Douglas. The first-named lady contributed a view of the ruins of Blantyre i Priory, in Scotland, Memoranda in the hand ] of Mr G. Lcivis iudicato tho names of tho artists, witli the exception of tho largest draw ing, iu which tho hand of Blake is too clearly seen for any othor authentication to be neces sary. The genius of Blake was well adapted to tho illustration of Lewis. Ho has repre sented a group of wator-s';:irit3 holding the corners of a sheet, in which they are raising a corpse from the middle of a river, while several others are hovering above, or crouching in attitudes of grief ou tho wooded banks and half-submerged trunks of trees, 'lhis drawing seems to' have been intended for a frontispiece, all the others being small vignettes. And all for 12s 1 If the ghost of Lewis could but resist the glimpses of the moon, as lie was so fond of making other disembodied individuals do, it would tarn, with mortified vanity, as blue as the candle in his own 'brimstone ballad ot ' Alonzo the Brave and the Fair Imo gene.' \ When in the flesh, Lewis, who, by the way, led the road to all stage pageant in his ' Timour tho Tartar,' greatly resembled your Manager Lewis, of theatric fame, lum of the white horse and lemon-colored kids, who set tha Brummel mode, and gavo the Regent ton in Liverpool ere D'Orsay aud the modern dandies wero heard of iu these latitudes, 'lhe i Monk also had a further claim on Liverpool sympathy from being a largo West Indian proprietor, but very unlike certain others of the whip-niggc\rocracy who suddenly became furious philanthropists wlicu there was nothing more to be got by threshing Sambo, particu larly as Sambo wouldn't bo threshed. The Monk, on his return voyago from Jamaica, told his attendant ebonies that as soon as he was dead his ' slaves should bo free. Whereupon tho said ebonies, think ing that a good thnig couldn't be done too soon, ou the bis dai qui cito dat priuciple, gave him a do3c of what tho husbandcidal wives of Manchester call 'quietness aud then the sable loafers through him to the fishes. ' These antecedents are prelimiary to your local propitiutions for the insertion of one more mom. from the Monkana already drawn from. It is ono that will particularly recommend itself to the admirers of Thacke ray's portraiture of George IV., being highly complimentary, from one who knew him well, to tho First Gentleman in Europe. The letter addressed to Lewis, is from Mr Henry Galley Knight, lato M.P. for Notts, as fa mous a man iu his day as his architectural contemporary, Aivistatius Hope, and for much the same reason, being equally skilled in tlie twin sciences of making- books and bricks. Here's what ho says of 'the bost wigged prince in Christendom,' as the profane Tom Little called his sacred majesty : What you lull mo of H.ll.H. is grievous. Such a mixture of weakuu.H aud meaii-'piritudness as, in these diyfl, almost will endanger public tranquility. The Regent may detest Whi^s — [with aa II,] as much as ho pleases ; but, il' ho pursues his pre -eat lino of 'couduot, he himsjif will bs the ^roatost Whig m-ikcr in the Kingdom. I don't wonder at bis de testation of Whitbread, but, bo should at least lcecp it to himself. 1 susfe t Whitbrcad to be so much the slave of vanity that his desire of pe soual dis tinction would make the ineuns of obtaining thai dintiiictioii to him very indifferent, and so I'm1 I con sidcr him a dangerous ram ; but the Prince shou'd recollect that he has m ide that wretsh Moiiu govor- ? nor-general over sixty million* of people. His mode of evincing bis h vtred of the Princess is both odious and impolitic. Can anything bo moro absurd than tho conduct of. Umao (listing nhhr.d fashionables 1 I quite ugrep with you that the Prince should have blessed himself wlieu he learnt Jloorc was liltoly to be translated into another hom'sphore.' This is posthumous justice with a vengeancc, and must be specially gratifying to the pre sent thin young M.P. head of this great old stout house — Whitbread's — wherein Hobhouse is still a sleeping, but remarkably wakeful partner. Imagine also tho emotion of the then (1813) iutensely toryfiod Paluierston, who abhorred the Raivdons, and tho disgust of the then and still liberal Lansdowne, through whom this Ilawdon was recommende J to the Regent, ou reading ' That , wretch Moira !'' What a comment on the man who was bcpnK'ed iu his, day as much Dalhousio in onw, and was also made a marquis— Hastings. But, unlike our dear Dowb's cousin, that Governor General was a soldier of the Napierean stamp, and overcame tho Nopaulese and Pindareos, with his own right hand, which he after wards cut off, or at least had cut off, aud — picklcd 1 Yes ; being an Irishman, and there fore romantic, though it is the reverse of ro mantic to be in love with one's wife, he, when, dying at Naples, on his return from India, di rected that his right hand should be amputated aud preserved till the death of the marchio ness, and then put into her coffin, and so buried, which was done accordingly, years afterwards. Well, if it had been many years before ; for then he could not. have written tho promise to provide for Moore. It was this promise that changed the whole current of the poet's life, and led to the murder of his reputation in tho grave by the decapitating biographer of Lord William the Headless, aud for which blockheadism posterity will bring his owu head to the block. THE THEORY OF PIACER GOLD FORMATION. A writer, under the nam de plirne of ' Rip Plumas' thin discusses this subject -The miner, of California, in seek ng a ' prospe.it,' is first attracted to any locality by its gravelly appearance, whether that in which he is to work is drift or alluvium. He knows that only where there is drift will ha find gold — Even iu tho vicinity of gold-bearing, quartz-voius, where there is no drift, thero is no gold. It is universally conceded that quartz is tiie (jrualrz of gold. There are many metals that usually accompany quartz. In some places gold predominates in value, iu others iron, and in others silver. We will take it for granted, that quartz accompanied by the metals and metallic ores, was injected into fissures of the primary, or- bed rocks, by subterranean heat. The question now arises, how came the gold separate from the quartz, and deposited as it is in the placers, in leads, strata, or chanuels, always in water-washed gravel, quartz- pebbles, ferruginous sand, &e.;? This is 'e, problem still- unsolved, although many plausible theories have been given. It is said that quartz beat i within itself the elements of its own destructio in tlie iron it contains, which, oxidizing, cause I the quartz to decay and let the gold go freo, and that, in the changes of the surface, stream - of witter, have givenut its' present position an I appearance. This answer is hardly satisfac to'ry; for, in the first pla:e, that iron ore foun I in the quartz is not of a nature to rust and decay, aud the iron now found in quartz ii always found in the same stato- in places, in the form of small ? ' iron stories' and blacl: sand. Secondly, a gold-bearing quartz ledge would indicate a rich placer, whether accompanied by drift or not. Agaiu taking the gold-beai ? ing quartz of the present as a sample of tha, from which placer gold sprung, it -will bo seen that the iron in the quartz is seldom iu contact witli the gold, thorefore could, iio.t of itself s completely have dissolved the 'rock and pa'.ratcd the gold as wo find it. Tiiere ar ? other reasons unnecessary to nun tion in th place, -jvliich render tho thoory impr obable not impossible. Another denominated the Mcxican (for Grouser) theory of sweating. That gold in the quartz by some attractive quality ga thors together in the course of time and exudes at tho surface iu small drops, and by sctne means is washed into tho 3trciims, where it is flattened and deposited in th; placers. But this is very unsatisfactory, su far as I am acquainted with it ; yet, as i havo heard men announce it who had ver; high stauding in society, I should like to so in more thoroughly demonstrated, if possible. Professor Agassiz has most completely de monstrated the theory ol 'drift, or what is termed gravel ranges or beds. Ip studying the subject, lie spent several years among the Glaciers of the Alps, and of bcotluud and the icebergs of the north ; in all of which is plainly seen the process of drift iormation now going on. Tho geologist views with wonder and as tonishment the uncontradictablo proof of the great changes that have taken place on the surface of tho Globe. He finds in the now termed regions of eternal frost, tho remains of animals and plants of a tropical nature that once grew and flourished thero ; in the frozen mud of Siberia ho finds the remains of such animals as now exist only in the land of eternal summer, perfectly preserved in their frozen beds as when they were overtaken by that sudden and terrible change, which rendered the tropical juugle a bed of ice. The coal formation of northern Greenland and Kimtschatka, which wore originally of tropic growth now lie lar to'tho north of any shrub, or tree, or green thing whatever. California has undoubtedly experienced her share of change?, and the high mountains the centre of a vast system of glaciors or immense rivers of ice, which freezing at their source3 in tho elevated valleys of the mountains, expand ing with inconceivable force, gushed before them the mighty mass, carrying with it every thing moveable, crushiug and grinding the rocks, and in time, depositing them as sand, boulders and gravel, called drift. Among the rocks taken up and along with the mass was that quartz gold-bearing, or other which lay in its way, and being most completely crushed, the gold was deposited with tho gravel in a variety of ways, none of which that I havo ever cbservcd being inconsistent to the Glacioaqueous theory of Agassiz. In many places it has been forced high up on tho mountain side, some times as a large lake or eddy where clay and cement are deposited, iu steep canons there is but liLllc deposit, and at the Glaciers' termini or entrance to the valley the raugo is wide spread and in immense channels. The American valley of Plumus county affords evidence too . plainly to bo a moment doubted, of once being the seat of a vast mer de glace the probable sourco of a mighty gla cier, similar to that from which tho Ganges springs, full-grown Minerva-like — a lioble river at its birth. Tho changes of a tem perature necessary to produce such results need to havo been extreme. Tho glaciers ol tho Alps extend to within three thousand feet of the level of tlie sea, aud in their vici nity flourish the vino and tlio olive ; so in California during this period, trees aud shrubs may have existed with but littlo difference from those of tho present day. I have attempted to explain the theory of Placer formation, it ii necessarily incomplete, but as the subject i.s one of interest to the California miner, it is worthy of investigation. The F acuta' jt of Feigning Death. — There are cases ou record of persons who could spontaneously fall into dcath-trance. Monti, in a letter to Haller, mentions several, A priest of tho name of Caoliu3 llhodaginus had the same faculty. But the most celebrated instance is that of Colonel Townshcnd, men tioned in the surgical works of Gooch, by whom, aud by Dr Cheyne, aud Dr Beynard, aud by \Ir Shriue, au apothecary,- tho perfor mance of Colonel Townshcnd, was seen and attested. They had long attended bim, for he was an habitual invalid ; and he had often invited them to witness tho phenomenon of his dying and coining to life again, but they had hitherto refused; from fear of tlio consequences to himself. Accordingly, - iu their presence, Colonel Townshcnd laid himsolf down on hit back and Dr Cheyne undertook to observe the pulse ; Dr Beynard laid his hand on the heart, and Mr Shrine had a looking-glass to hold to his mouth. After a few seconds, pulse, breathing, and the action of the heart were no longer to bo observed. Each of the witnesses satisfied himself of tho entire ces sation of these phenomena. When the death trance had lasted half an hour the doctors began to fear that their patient had pushed the experiment too far, aud was dead- in earnest; and they were preparing to leave the house when a slight movement of- the body attracted their attention. They renewed their routine of observation, when the pulse and sensible motion of the hoart gradually re turned, and breathing and consciousness. Tho sequel of tho tale is strango — Colonel Townshend, on recovering, sent for his at torney, made his will and died, for good and all, six hours afterwards. — Phautasimla, by JL A\ Madden. The Burial Piaci: op a Race.'— As we were trudging along on the high road to You ghal on a winter afternoon, we overtook a funeral. The mourners were of the poorest class of peasantry. Thero was a few women in tattered cloaks, and men with sleeveless jackcts and footles stockings. The coffin had a pauper look ; we watched the procession for a while, aud to our surprise we saw it stop at the entrance of a stately domain. There was a slight demur, aud then tho gates opeued wide, and the dead was carried through', and as tho train struggled through avenues and slopiug glades, a wailing cry came back upon the wind. We inquired the meaning of t'ais, and heard that the last of the lordly Geral dines, on selling the lauds of his race, hud re served tho right of burial in their owu ground to all his descendants for ever. The right had been religiously exacted, and whenever any ono who could claim descent from this line, however poor ho might be, died, the body claimed the privilege of this straugo tenure, and the lordly owner of the vast estates was compelled perforce to see the funeral train pass beneath his castle window, and hear the idlaghone cried over tho grave. — BlachwoocCs Magazine for May. Life is a running stream ; forced repose breods stagnation ; hide it as we will, we carry within us the germ of restless longings — a fever of the heart which nothing can satiate or appease ; vague desires for some undefined good haunt | even iu our happiest momenta. 