THE VOICE OF PROPHECY COMPARED WITH THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES. Bania TH« j Brem*« «a* A LXOTÜM ornum fjtrtBK fkgnn Canoa, Mtvnzr, at ma , BEI i . LASO, xa TUB Evaarao -.aa. SAWATU/THB -.:'SEpraipBER, 185T, . . EZKKIRI. xxl. 27.-I trill ovarían), overturn, overturn ii ?ball be DO moro, until be otoño 'whoso right it i» ; ai give it him. \- There is a strong prejudice, on -the part of many pro fessed Christians, against all enquiries into the meaning or interpretation of the prophetical portions of Holy Scriptnre,-as if there was no hope of arriving satisfactory result on . the subjeot, . or as if i impious to roako the attempt. - But th» preju 'submit^ is alike unreasonable and unsoriptural, book of Revelation, which contains a prophet: nouncement of the 'Hhings which shall behereafte the consummation of all. things, is prefaced b; declaration of its inspired author; "Blessed is h readeth, and they that hear the words of this pro] and keep those things whioh are written thereii the' time is at hand."-Rev. i. 3. And the apostle actually invites and encourages us to the invesb'i of tho prophetical parts of Scripture, when he "We have also a more, sure .word.of prophecy; v. unto ye do well that ye take heed, as untó a ligb ?nineth in a dark plaoe, until the day dawn, and th ?tar arise iu your hearts : Knowing this; first,' thi prophecy of the Soripture ÍB of any private inter] tion. For the prophecy came not in old time by th of man : but holy men of God spake aa they were a by the Holy Ghost."-9 Pet. i. 10-31. We learn, i over, .from the following passage in the propheo Daniel, tsBTt it waa when that prophet was study ii tentively the prophecies of Jeremiah, to asoertai exaot period) of the predioted deliverance of bis p from their Babylonish captivity, that 'he .was hil favoured with the famous prediction of the exact p of the coming of the Messiah : "In the first year o rius, the son of Ahasuèrus, of the seed of the M whioh waa made King over the realm of the Chald In the first year of his reign I Daniel understoi books the number of the years, whereof the word o Lord came to : Jeremiah the prophet, that he woul compilan seventy years in tbejdesolations of Je ru sa -Dan. ix. 1, 2. And we learn from the Evangelist ] that ss the'time predicted by the prophet Daniel, fo advent of the promised Messiah, drew nigh, there i goodly number of pions Jews, who, judging from own Testament Bcripturei, that that time was rapidly proaohing, were "waiting," like theaged Siraeon,"fo consolation of Israel," or "looking," like Anna the phetess,, for ''redemption in Jerusalem." It is not warrantable, ' therefore, it is our bounden duty, as fessed .Christians, to enquire into those things w holy men of old spake as they were moved by the 1 Ghost concerning the future fortunes of the Chrii Church and of the world at large. And whether wc not ''called' to this enquiry more particularly at present' moment, from the voioe of pheey""on*the one"hand,"atad'the' aspect of 'thing the 'other in the Church and the world, judge ye. . " Prophecy," observes one of the ablest literary i and oho of the most'eminent Christian laymen of present age ': (James Douglas, Esq., of Cavers, in south of Scotland,) Prophecy la not merely the divination of future events ; I events, however Important, are bat points in the immense of God's designa. It ls tho weakness of the haman- min desire td pry Into futurity, without a moral aim. God'« «iii the contrary, ia to raise us above the whirl of passing events to fix our attontive gaze on the Divine hand which Ta morin the complicated wheels of Providence. God, in his rovelat la spreading before the mind the sublimo visions of futurity. " In accordance with the general idea of Scrip propbeoy, the .'poet Milton thus speaks of a partie portion. ...of it,, viz., tho. Book of Bevolat " The Apocalypse.of St. John is thé majèstio image < high and stately tragedy, shutting up and iu'terming her solemn scenes and acts with a sevenfold choru hallelujahs and harping symphonies." .. " History/* observes the same eminent writer wi I have just quoted, Mr. Douglas,- ¡ ? History as well aa philosophy is prophetic, hat with this p liar difficulty, that circumstances rarely recur so exaotly sim aa that the politician, who takes lessons from the past, may oalate with certainty on similar results. The circumstances apparently the same, bat an imperceptible change has occur from new and secret elements coming into combination in hoi affairs. Tho statesman's rod is uplifted, bat tho expected e trleity no longer descends frem the political heavens, or c wi thont following the predicted course, bureta In an unoxpei storm upon his head. But though political, sugary is thus ol frustrated, the moral and retributive óyeles of history are i ?tant in their recurrence. Nations «re «UH certainly Ailing the cup of wrath ; their days aro numbered, and the doom 1 awaits thom (foreseen, but not averted by repentance) coi down with unorring aim upon their guilty heads. And again: The certainty of tho event, and tho uncertainty of the time i manner, fully accomplish the Divine intentions in prophc Prophecy is to keep ns -watchful, prepared, and prayerful, at times. But If we knew at what hour tho enemy was coming, might indulgo in slumber, till the moment of .trial arrived. 1 prophets, thomsolvet, bad to searoh in the prophétie wrilln respecting the events which were about to he fulfilled. Tbs proxlinaUou of the time was known, not tho exact period. St has over been the state of mind of the people of dod. They hi boen more and. moro stirred up to prayer, as Daniel was, wt the .time of the accomplishment drew near. They have.be waiting, Uko Anna and Simeon, in prayer, till tho Lord wh they sought suddenly csmeto his tomple. They have bad a dc sense of tho oomlug Jmigmonts,-'liko Paul in the Hebrews, ? Potor in hts Epistles, when destruction waa impending over I Jews, but without determining the oxaot year. The Christie! though they had to flee from Jerusalem, knew not' the day their dopartore, but were doubtless praying that it might not in nnfavourablo circumstances, nor- in the wintertime; wh< tho momentary glittering of tho Roman ensigns, before Jei salom, gave them an urgont signal to flee; and again, thc caglos, retiring for a moment, beyond all expectation, gave thc room to escape. Tho primitivo Christians prayed for the cc tlnuance of the persecuting Roman Empire, as the lessor ev since it prevonted the riso of th« dreaded Antichrist; j without bolug able to determino when tho one would coaso, tho other begin. The Christians, previous to tho fall of Rom wore well aware (warned by prophecy) of the approaching dis« lution of the Empire : and saw, that the Barbarian elsy, w olroady mixing with tho Roman iron, yet know not tho oxa moment when tho Empire would cease, and the ten kingdor begin. They woro nono of thom prophets, but thoy were for warned of thoso changes, and, in somo degree, prepared I them, by propbeoy; and, In Ilka manner, tho Christian of tl present day, fools'Intimately persuaded that hois living Inti vory last days of these ten kingdoms, whon tho clay and tho ire ore already beginning to soparste, yet cannot predict tho day, ni tho hour, whoa tho stone without hands, shalt break them In powdor, and tho whirlwinds of desolation sweep them away, ' In endeavouring to unfold ' the mysterious roll i Soripture prophecy, it is of the last importance to asco tain the notes of time which it gives us, and tho pal ticular period at whioh, as will appear from thes notes, wo have ourselves arrived, in the grand series i events which it prediots. Now, there are vario J s note of time in the roll of Scripture prophecy that enable i to ascertain, with sufficient preoision, our own positio in the prophetical history of tho world. And the fin of these is given in the remarkable vision of Nebuohat nezzar, alluded to in the passage I have just quotee and recorded in tho book of Daniel.-'which was thu interpreted by that prophet- - ' Thou, O king, sawost, and, bohold, a great imago. Thia grot image, whose brightness was oxcollont, stood bofore thee, an tho form thereof was torrlblo. . - li This image's head was of Ano gold, his breast and bis arms c ailver, hi« belly and his thighs of brass. His legs of iron, his feot part of iron and part of day. Thou sawost till that a stono was cut «ut without band*, whlc] ?mote the imago upon his feet that were of Iron and clay, an brake thom to pieoes. . ; Then was the Iron, tho clay, tho brass, the ellvor, and the gold broken to picóos togothor, and became like the oban* of the sun mer threshing-floors: and the wind oarried them away, that n Claoe waa found for thom : and the stone that smoto the imag cosme a groat mountain, and filled the whole earth. This is tho dream ; and wo will tell tho interpretation (boroo bofore tho king. Thou. O king, art a king of kings : for tho God of heaven hat] given theo a kingdom, power, and strength, and glory. And whorcBoevor tho ohlldron of men dwell, the beasts of th Hold, and tho fowl» of the heaven, hath he given Into thine bani] and hath mudo theo ruler ovor thom all. Thoa art this head o gold. And after theo shall arlso anothor kingdom inferior to thee and another third kingdom of brass, which shall boar rule ovo all tho earth. And the fourth kingdom «hall bo strong aa Iron : forasmuoh m iron breaketh in ploces and subdueth all things; and. as iroi that breakoUi all tboao, sholl lt break in pieoes and bruise. And whereas thou sawost tho feet and toes part of potter's ola' and part of iron ; the kingdom abai! bs divided; but there shat bo in lt of tho strength of the iron, foraamnoh aa thou saweit thi Iron mixed with miry clay. And aa tho toss of tho foet were part of Iron and part of clay ?o tho kingdom shall be partly strong, and partly broken. And whereas thou sawost Iron mlxod with miry clay, they aha! mingle themselves with tho «nodof men; but they shall no cloave ono to anothor, evon os iron ls not mixed with olay. And in tho days af thoso kings shall tho Ood of heaven sot ur a kingdom, which shall novar bo dostroyod : and tba kingdom shall not be loft to other pooplo, but lt shall brook in plooes nm! oonsume all thoso kingdoms, and it shall stand for ovor.-Daulii! 11,31-1«. It is hero predioted that tho Roman Empire, tho last of tho four universal empires of antiquity, should at length bo subverted and be suocoeded by Ten inde- pendent Sovereignties, which would occupy its plaoe and inborit its power. Now, as this subversion of tho Roman Empire, and this establishment of Ten inde- pendent Sovereignties in ? its room and atoad, did not take plaoe til the fifth century of our era, it were pre. Íiosterous to interpret tho stone cut out without hands rom tho mountain, whioh is to smito and broak in pieces and destroy thoso Ten kingdoms, as tho symbol of tho Christian Church ; as has often been done, however, doubtless very carelessly and thoughtlessly, for centu- ries past. For it is evident from tho vision that the stone is not out out from the mountain till the image, whioh Nebuobo.dner.rar saw in his vision, haB reaohed the last stage of its development, and exhibits the last of the four monarchies broken up into ten kingdoms ; and thia event, as I have already chown, did 'not take plaoe till the fifth century of the Christian era. .Tki atrutturé qf Pnplury. Bj Jamas Douglas, of Cavar*. Sad .diUoat Bswburgb.ieM. - ? " ?..' . Toe braUof ap af the Bornea Empire, and the aeries of aalamitoat vMtetlons with which ii waa ' .acorn, panted-thia repeated invasion-, of the Noitaunf ber barina and their aucoesrive seUIemenU withlni tba ^ limita of th*, empire, and the political oorrttftion, together with"ttae wofnl corraption of monta' and religion which then prevailed, and whioh hastened on tho final catastrophe*-are supposed by the interpreters of Soripture propheoy to be predicted in the following passage of the book of the Revelation-:- _ 4* And .«ho an gal took tho oonsor.and filled It if Ult Aro of the Íiltat.r. »lui cut it Into tho earth : pi\d thero wort/ voleos, and ; hundorlngs, anil lightnings, and an earthquake And the seven angeli willoh had tho Huven trumpet« propsrod thomsolvas to sound. ?, ? Thu first angel sounded,-and there followed ball and Aro -mingled with bloodrandthoy wero cast upon tho earth .-and-thp 'thiri part of trees was bnrnt np, «nd all green Bras« waa burht-ttp. 'And the soooud ango) soanded, and as It worn a gros¿ mountain .burning with Aro waa oast into tho sea: and UKI third part of tho sea beoamo blood ; And the third part of the'aroataroa whioh irnra In tito sos, and had lifo, diod ; and tho third part of the «hips wero destroyed. And the third angel Bounded, and th oro foll a groat «tar from . beavan, buming as ft were a lamp, and lt fall upon tho third part oftho rlvors, and apon tho fountain! of wators; And the nomo of tho «tar le eillod Wormwood : and the third part of the waters became wormwood ; and many men died of the water«, because they wero made bitter. And tho fourth angel eoundod, and tho third part of tho ann was «mitten, and tho third part of the moon, and the third part of tho «tara ; so a« tho third part of them was darkened, and the day. ebano not for a third port of it, and tba night likowiso.-Itov,, VIII, fi-18. "The great earthquake," observes . Mr. Douglas, " which the then Roman world considered as predictive of its doom, happened in the year 305. The first bloat of tho northern hall.storra occurred In 375, tea Îeara after tho earthquake ; when the Ootha, BO long obeokad by he warlike emperors who had arrested their oourjo, re-orossed the Danube, again to bo partially oheokod and appeased by Theodosius. But his death, in 31», once more opened a free pas- sage to tho dotage of barbarians ; «ad the northern bail-storm Í raged from USO to 470, till tho Western ompiro wu totally luid waite 'Tho northern hall-storm lastod a hunitrod years, with a lull of fiftoon years; or eighty yean, if we consider ita lost uninter- rupted intensity; and it waa going on, and proceeding in ita course, while other trumpets were sounding in auoooaalon, and conjoining their influence with ita own. " And the aooond angel sounded, and os it wore a great moun- tain buming with fire was cast into the soa." .That ia, the Roman Empire, assailed by enemies from without, and at tho samo timo torn asunder with inward eonvnlaion, waa rapidly descending into that «ea of mingled pooplos, from whioh the empires of prophooy had arisen. "And the third angol sounded, and thors foll a great star from hoavon," Seo., " and tho nome of tho star is called Wormwood." " And tho fourth angol soundod, and tho third part of tbs aun waa smitten, and tho third port of tho i moon, and the third part of tho stars." In other words, tho Western Empira waa extinguished. The Roman Empire, therefore, the last of the four universal monarchies, fell to pieces and was dissolved, through the irruption and settlement within its borders of the barbarians from the North, during the hundred years that elapsed from the year 370 to the year 470 ; and it is worthy of remark that it was during this period, or in the year 400, that Great Britain, whioh for nearly five centuries before had been a Roman province, and afterwards became one of the Ten kingdoms that arose from the raina of the empire, was finally sepa- rated from Imperial Rome. In that year Britain ceased -to be a Roman province, and subsisted asan independent State for forty years thereafter till the Saxon invasion. . Now, it is expressly predicted in the book of Daniel that it is in the reign of these ten kings who shall thus reign over the broken fragments of the ancient Roman Empire, or in other words that it is during the politióal condition of things that should obtain and prevail in the European world after the subversion oftbat empire, that the God of heaven should set upa kingdom that shall never be destroyed. Tho ten European kingdoms that arose out of tho ruins of the Roman Empire at the period I have indi-. .cated, vi.:., 1400. years'ago, have subsisted, with very little variation-sometimes more and sometimes fewer to'tho present day, and still subsist." Now I repeat it, .it is during the continuance of this present political con- dition of things in the European world that the God of Beaven will set un a kingdom which shall' 'never be destroyed, and will "'overturn, overturn, overturn" all these kingdoms with all others whatsoever before it, so that' [they Bb all become as the chaff of the summer threshing floor which the wind cârrieth away. ' There is nothing moro remarkable in tho history of man than that the political condition into which the European world was thus cast, as a community of Den kingdoms, on the dissolution of the Roman'Empire, should still subsist ; and that, during the long period of fourteen centuries, no fifth universal monarchy should have arisen in the world to sucoeed the four whioh had run their course and had passed away.* Tho Saracens attempted to'form such an empire, during their short but marvellous oareer, but : were Anally defeated by Charles Martel in the.south of France. Tho Turks also made a similar attempt, at a much later "period, end had all but succeeded, when they were also defeated by John' Sobieski, king of Poland, under tho walls of Vienna.' Charlemagne, the Christian- Emperor, attempted to re- vive'the Roman Empire in his'own person in the ninth century of our era, but his empire almost immediately I fell to pieces under hissons. Charle». tnè Fifth - of Germany, at tho era of the Reformation, Louis the I Fourteenth of Franco in the 17th;century, and the ftrat 'Napoleon in our own times, all successively- made the same attempt, bot all sigoally failed. ' For it wa» pre- dicted,'BO early as the days of Nebuchadnezzar, that there should be .no fifth universal monarchy until the coming of Him whose right it is tb reign, and tinder Whose blissful dominion the Saints shall possess the i kingdom for ever and ever. , Great Britain herself may he supposed to' have aimed i at something like a universal monarchy about a century ago, wbon tho wholo continent of India yielded to her I power after tbe battle of Plassy in 1757, and the vast continent of North America was subjected to her sove- ' reign ty by the Treaty of Paris in 1703. But no sooner had this mighty empire been apparently consolidated than the Divine decree took effect upon it, and thirteen of its fairest provinces wore at once and for ever separated from it. With this lamp of propheoy in our bands, wo can also pronounce with safety that the late war with Russia, with all its expenditure of life and treasure, was unnecessary. That war was undertaken chiefly to prevent the estab- lishment of a fifth universal empire in the' North j but ,lf the Word of God be true, ne such consummation was to be feared. ] ? ' >. The same great events as are predloted in the vision of Nebuchadnezzar, viz., the setting up of a universal kingdom by the God of heaven during the present politi cal condition of things in modern Europe, and the sub- version and destruction of all existing authorities before it, aro also predicted' in the seventh chapter of Daniel, in the vision of the four great beasts coming up saceos sivoly out of the sea. "These great beasts, whioh are four," it is declared in the 17th and 18th verses of that chapter, "are four kings, whioh shall arise out of the earth. But the Saints of the Most High shall take the kingdom for ever, even for ever and ever." Another note of time, that enables us to asoertsm our .present position in the history of tho world, is afforded us in the prophecies relating to tho rise and progress, the-: duration and termination, of tho antiohristiab or papal power. In the vision to which I have just alluded, in the seventh ohapter of Daniel, we read as follows : Tho fourth boost shall bo the fourth kingdom upon earth, which shall be diverso from all kingdoms, and shall davaar tho wholo earth, and shall tread lt down, and break lt in plooos. And tho ten horns out nf this klngdsm aro ton kings that »hall arise : and another »hall rise aftor thom : and ho shall bo diverse from the first, and ho shall aubduo titree kinga. And ho sholl spook groat words against the Most High, and shall woar out tito saints of tho Most High, and think to ohange times and laws,' and thor shall be given into bia hand, unllla time and times and tho dividing of time. But Um judgment sholl alt, and they shall toko away bis dominion, to consume and to destroy lt unto tho and. And tho kingdom and dominion, and tho greatness of tho king- dom nndnr tho wholn heaven, shall bo given to tho people of the saints of tho Most High, whose kingdom ls an everlasting king- dom, and all dominions shall sorvo and obey him.-Sanie). VII. »3-Î7. . It is hero predioted that the antiobristian or papal power, of whioh all Protestants regard this passage as a grapbio description, should arise and develope itself, as it did accordingly, after the establishment of the Ten European kingdoms that sprung np from the raina of the Roman Empire, and should subsist for "a time and times, and the dividing of time," or as the phrase is ex- plained in other prophetic visions referring to tho same events, for threo years and a-half, or 1200 days, eaoh pro- phetic day representing a year. In the year 470, the Roman Empire of tho Wast WAH finally annihilated, and the Ten kingdoms wer» established upon its rains. Immediately thereafter, tho Papacy sprung into suddon existence as a formidablo power, receiving KUCCCSHÍVO and extraordinary developments of power and influence and temporal dominion, first from the Eastern Empe- ror, Justinian, in the year 633, afterwards from tho I Emporor Phocas, in tho year OOO, and still lator from tho semi-barbarous kinga of Europe, and particularly from tho kingB of France. Tho parallel viBion in tho book of Revelation, descriptive nf tho riso and preva- lence of tho Papacy, and tho abject condition of tho true Church of God, under its domination, is as follows : And thero wa« giran mo a rood like unto a rod : and tho angel stood, saying, Riso, and measure the temple of dod, and the altar, and thom that worship therein. Hut the court which ia without tho temple Inavo out, and measure it not; for it Is given onto tho tl entilas: and the holy city «hall thoy tread nndor foot forty and two months. , And I will give power unto my two witnesses, and they «hall prophosya thousand two hundred and Uiroosooro days, clothed In Backcloth.-Hey. Xl. 1-3. . Thia fact ls onlv th* more remarkable when we bear, in mind that Ute whole porlod nf the duration of all the four universal empires of aulluully was little mere than eleven hundred years, From the date of Nobuohodnsiior'e vision till the Anal annihila, tion'of the Hornau Empire ,wa» emdlrltt»7earw¿- lint th» tva a^gdoiaahaTsiuktu^ ' Tba mterprelar« at 'ftogti^ef are not agreed i ^wnetbear Uvfoorameneesnentef the Papal period of /earl, daring wHich 'the trms Cbareh of Christ ii ?tate of humiliation, fopresUon, end suffering, is dated ^ftorn the year M3, wfien the Emperor Justi ec>nferî*a^^peoI«t prir^f^»*! on the Pope or Dish Home, or from the year- «0(1, when tho Emperor Pt designated lum Universal Bishop. In tho former the 1'npal period must liavo terminated in tho year '. tile ever-memorable year- of? the^intr-Fnjnoh~RO' ?tion : in tbo latter it will not terminate till the , 1800, or nine years from this present time. In e case,. however, wo aro not to suppose that _it ia "voice bf propbeoy that thojîapaôy is to bo immedi extinguished. Tho word»3n Dú'oJol Tf/vii. SO) art m&rkably.; explicit : "Tho judgment Bhall sit, and ; 'shall toke away bi? dominion, to opnsumo and ,to',dei it ,unto, ; tho end." Besides tho p'sp'ol .period of 1 years,, ¿ho prophet Daniel indicates two cither per: apparently oommenoing at tho some time, but oxtcn to a later date in tho history of tho world, and'do less to be characterized by remarkable events which roll of futurity will developo in duo time. "From time that the daily sacrifice «bull bo tanon away; tho abomination that maketh desolnto set np." th ri from the commencement of tho Papal period, "there * bo a thousand, two hundred and ninety days," wyn prophet ¡ thut is thirty years beyond the 13U0. . ag.tin, '.'.iilrtsed is he that waiteth, «nd cotnuth to thousand three hundred and five and thirty days ;" is seventy-five years beyond the 1200. ' Daniel xii. ll In remarkable accordance with these declarations of Spirit of God by ' the prophet Daniel, regarding gradual consumption of the Papal power, is that of Apostle Paul, when predicting the very same'even the second chapter of his Second Epistle to the The Ionian«, verse 8. "And then shall that Wicked be vealed, whom the Lord sholl consumo with tho spiri his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of coming," The consumption is to be, gradual, but destruction Ansi sud complete. The third note of time afforded us in the reoon ancient prophecy is the wasting away of the Mahomc empires of the East. It is contained in the bool Revelation xvi. 13-14., and is as follows Î-- , : And tho sixth angel poured ont his vial upon tile groat r Zuphrates ; and tho water thereof was dried tip, that the wi tho kings of tho east might bo prepared. i . .. And I saw til re o uuolean spirits like frogs como ont of I mouth of tho dragon, and ont of tho mouth of tho boost, and of tho mouth of tho false prophet. . " For they sro the spirits of devils, working miracles, whlol forth onto tho kings of tho earth and of tho whole world gather them to tho battle of that great day of God Almighty. As the river Euphrates was tho original seat of Turkish or Mahometan power, the drying up of waters of that river is the remarkably appropriate embl of tho gradual dissolution of the Mahometan empire! Turkey and Persia-a process which we have all s< in remarkable and rapid progress during the last thi years. Tho three unclean spirits, Uko frogs, wh proceed ont . of tho mouth of the Dragon, and out of mouth of, tho Beast, and out of tho mouth of the False Prophet, may be held to be the spirit of despotism arbitrary power, emanating from the Temporal Auth ity, symbolized - by the Dragon, the ancient emblen tho Roman Empire; the spirit of superstition, ema nating from the Beast, or Papacy, and tho spirit of Infidelity, emanating from tho False Prophet, or Mahometanism. These three unclean spirits—Despotism Superstition, and Infidelity—are to go forth unto the kings of the earth and of. the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty. It is evident, therefore,, from all these three notes time, so clearly indicated in tbji roll of ancient prophe ' that they all point to the present period in tho history the world, as the one in whiah those mighty events of t future whioh they describe are to receive their fi) accomplishment. The very times we live in are t questionably the times to which' all these distinot a independent lines of Scripture prophecy converge, is in tho days of those kings who have reigned over t European world for the last fourteen hundred yea since tho Roman Empire of the Wost was fina destroyed, or in other words, it is during tho prese political condition of Europe, as held by a commun: of ten independent sovereignties, loss or more, that t God of Heaven is to set up a kingdom. that shall nev be destroyed. And it is of this existing politic ecclesiastical system that He declares by bis prophet tho text, "I will overturn, overturn, overturn it-un he como whose right it is, and I will give ft, hire Again, the papal period of 1200 years, whioh col menced shortly after . the subversion of tho Romi Empire (when he, that is, the Roman > Emperor, wi had previously letted or hindered the rise and prev lenee of that enormous power, was at length Uki away), is to terminate some time previous'to this gre ? consummation; and a process of consumption, such : wo now behold, is to be going on upon that antichrist!! .power till it is finally destroyed by the coming of )Hii whoso right it is to possess the kingdom.. And tl gradual wasting away of the Mahometan power, whie wo have'teen in such visible, and remarkable progrei for, tho. last thirty yean, ia to usher in that'series., tremendous revolutions, predicted in tho text, which to subvert and destroy all these kingdoms and to isat in the universal reign of Messiah. For, alluding to th time of tue end, the prophet Daniel assures us thi " there shall be a time of trouble, such as never wi since there was a nation even to that same time Daniel xii. 1. And verily, my friends, whoa wo survey tho Europea world from thia vantage ground in the distance, we ai irresistibly led to the conclusion that tho ago bf Revi lotions, whioh is to wind up this present dispensatioi if it has not already commenced, is rapidly approachini No mania his ? senses can suppose that tho .proser anomalous condition of things can possibly subsist mua longer in France, in Italy, in Germany, and in seven of the - other States of Europe. The three uncles spirits, like frogs-the spirit of despotism or arbitrât power, the spirit of superstition, and the.spirit of inf delity-aro all evidently mustering the hosts to th battlo of the great day of God Almighty. ? .Immediately after the prediction of tho drying up < the River Euphrates and tho going ? forth of the thro unclean spirits liko frogä to the kings of the earth an of tho world, it is added, "Behold, I come as a thiel Blessed is lie that watcheth, and koepeth his garment! lost' he walk naked, and they see his shame.' And h gathered them togothor into a place called in the Hobrei tongue ' Armageddon."-Rev. xvi. 10, 10. The fina catastropha will be sadden and unexpected, but as thi irruption of the northorn barbarians, which issued ii tho subversion and destruction of the ancient Romai Empire, extended over a wholo century, there is rea son to believe that tho impending period of Revolution' which is symbolized by the battle or rather war o Armageddon, and in the progress of which the ton Euro pean kingdoms, with all other earthly powers ant dominions, will bo subverted and destroyed, will be a least as long.if not considerably longer. And tho soventh ongol ponrod out his vial into tho air ; ant thors carno a great volco out of the tomplo of lieavon, from lbj throno, saying, It ls dono. And there woro voices, and thundera, and lightnings ; em there was a great earthquake, aneh aa was : not slnoe men won upon tho oartb, so mighty an earthquake, and so great, . And the great olty was divided into three parts, and tho cltiei of tho nations fell: and great Babylon oomo In remombranci boforo God, toglvo unto her tito cup of tho wino of the floree noss of his wrath. . And overy inland fled away, and tho mountains wera not found -Rev.,XVI. 17-SO. ,a Tho Fronch, obaorvos Mr. Dellas, bogan to dream of a polltl .cal millennium, and that fool's paradise, acaorapaniod with thutt dora, and lightnings, and a groat earthquake, will introduoe th( truo millennium, at last. The kings and the nations are gathered together, not for victory, but for slaughter-and tho fowl* oi hoaven ore gathering Ukowlse, hut with a moro unerring Instinct Tho earthquako wan tho greatest tinco mon had boon upon thc earth ; at no timo had soelety boou so deeply stirred from I ti lowost foundation«. It was truly a day of solemn judgmont " Ula imirtma diet." os ono of Its victims sahl, when led to oxoou tton. Tho sacrifico novar coasod, and tho blood ran in porpotusl torrents. It was Indeed tho nra of retribution : not only king) and great mon, but overy bond mon.and every froe, both «exos and silages, woro sacrificed to tho Moloch of pretondod liberty Tbo rulors of to-day wera tho victims of to- morrow, and social) would have crumbled down, without leaving any fragments tc rebuild thesoolal edi Doe, hail not tho earthquake hoon stayod foi a season, and a truco been imposed upon tho contending nations lint tho earthnuako is still heaving deop underground, and pre paring n yet wider desolation. Men are plastering ovor tho ront< of the soolal cdlfloo, but the foundations tbomselvos are falling into tho gulf below, which ls yawning to rocelvo thom. Th ero li a psnso in tho proñhooy, between the ooramonoomont, and the ond of tho battle, wliero tho attention ls dlrootod to Babylon, and its final ruin ; and then again tho strife rooomraonoos, anil nothing romains throughout thc dosolato prospect, but thc aorpsos of the slain, ? ' ? And anthe irruption, of tho northorn barbarians that nubvortud and destroyed the nnoient Roman Empire, in tho fifth century, ia described under the emblem or figure of hail, there is reason to believe that the princi- pal agent in that series of revolutions whioh is,now mpending over the European nations will be anothor horde of northern barbarians from the vast extent of tho Russian Em piro. " There fell upon men," says tho inspired prophet, " a. great hail out of. heaven, every stone about tbo" weight of a talent : and men blasphemed God because of the plaguo of tho bail; for tho plaguo thereof was exceeding great."-Rov. xvi. 31. Tho northern hall-etorm. say« Mr. Douglas, yet awaits us; bnt thoro can bo no doubt of tho quarter from whenoo lt comes. Busala occupies tho wholo North. Tho clouds from whenoo the Iron shower ls to prooond, walt but tho word of command. Tho artillery and the battalions of Russia are ready to march at a moment's notice; and even now, they impend with their black masses over tho whole line of their Immense frontier. ' It ls tho contest between democracy and despotism, between superstition and Infidelity, and both are ready for the death-struggle. Both will find allies in the enemies' ranks, and the warfare will be as confused.and intermingled, as it is extended. But Russia also must perish', as the rising and double Antichrist of the East, \- with her emperor and Pope blended in one. After overwhelming, lt may be,'for a time, the democratic nations, she also must re ceive the poison Into her own veins, and «III eaton tba deroorb» flames herself, while endeavouring to extinguish the conflagra «ion of Europe. ^ As to tbe probable fat« of Britain, in tbs dark and mysterious future that liss before us, it would be idle and unprofitable to indulge in mere speculations. As one of tho ten kingdoms that arose out of the ruins of tho Roman Empire, her doom is doubtless to he destroyed with tho others when God arises to shnko terribly the .,earth,.."AAd..if,.it«Í8 tr"0 that.J.'.God_wiU_aflliot the notions that delight in war," tho tinto of retribution for Great Britain, for hor unnecessary and unjust wars of tho last and present centuries, 4/itl come at length. -Whether-tho Teccnt-calnmitTJus ovents'in Tndia are tb be regarded as the first droppings of that full vial of divine wrath which remains to - be~emptied out upon the head Cf Britain, wo cannot tel). 'But it is principally on the ' ten kingdoms of modern ' Europe that "thfl frill vials of J divine wrath are to be poured out. And thoa, there ère not only tho judgmontsof Babylon, but tho judgments alao of the nations. .A time of universal retribu, lion seems approaching, when tho wino-oup of O ods fury must pass from city to city, and from kingdom to kingdom. Thero is un awful gloom, but there ia hope also, and bola fear and hope' should animate na to unooasing prmyor. Wo are on the -verge of the millennium. Ld us thon cherish tho, spirit of millennia] prover. All ¡frout things prooeod from small ^beginnings. The dawn nf >h i millennial dey will strlko some eminoncos before its Itel] i Aili visit tho nations -generally.? Happy afb they who watch tor tbst .dawning, and whose 'spirits are alroady prepared by tho Spirit of God, to woloomo that amaiing and blissful revolution. ., Yes, brethren, it is highly consolatory to think that the long series of appalling revolutions that are shortly to desolate tho-earth ~and the world, ayeydestined to introducé the glorious reigrr of' Messiah^ 'the Prince; whose righteous' sceptre shall extend from, sea to sea and from tho river to the.ends of the earth/ Hie king«', dom, whioh is to subvert and destroy all existing princi- palities and powers, will be -an everlasting kingdom,'and that kingdom will be over all. For, as-a day .in prophétie language represents a yeer, there is tbe strongest reason to believe that the millennial'period of a thousand yean . of uninterrupted peace and blessedness on earth will in reality bo three hundred and; sixty thousand. " For the number of the children of Israel, "after, tho. spirit," shall * bo as the sand of the sea, which' cannot bo measured nor numbered ; and it shall come to pass that in the placo where it was said unto thom, Yo aro not my _people, it_ shall be said tinto them', Ye aro the eons of tho living God."-Hosea i. 10. ' . - - ' '. ".' * . : .' .Seeing then that these things are so, what manner ot * "-' persons ought we to be in all holy'conversation'and ? godlinessAmen. ' ,' :.' -.".i " ! :; " '.:. ?<.{?'.< i 