dSXfliHHk !tf-PQiC wu .titoiiGafesDHXT. ] 8y4iicy, MaroU^Stli, 185(', .The ilr^t session of ''bur, eftloiital Parliaipeut has, after teg *mnnth$ gcHtatloiiy co'wcS to a close. itlidNbceiiTi peVtoa«f'*i6i^y-WarfliiiB.r«»1i-lv'- T«w Hittt-llttlu bettur will oonM of-itr— in fact, a fuilu.ro. The House ttf A«S«M\bly . .pwi.jrafitu'd. jts Fiidii.v's sitting until -seTennj'cipDU' on Saturday tiiorulng, in ?- discussion on a motion fur sugpeiidii-j?*lie standuig oi'dcra -of die ilbuso.^n oriler *o jUtMAluce a W13 tor the admission of Mr. G. It. Nicliullsjis a liairister of the colony. Affc:r J»»u-y-»mendn)-mts, aud futile-, attempts to 'count ohI,'11' the eJtperiinerit snooceded at thiWhour above nuincd, and tho contest ended in a disawi) battle, Strange, that after ten jftontlia' jalibering-rfor the timu'of the session lias been . almost whollv bonsumi^ in talk — even ninctoen.. members could be.fmiiid to a-t from tb,rec o'.cluok on Friday, afternoon tjll an bnur niter sunrise on the following moiTiiug ; oiio' -party to fljltg pultry aspurslun's on tho oliaraotcr of an iiidepundcnt, in- ' telligent, and useful member, and the other, to vindicate him— the wordy warfare ended iu nothing, or worse; it' the specimen afforded -liy tho session just uoncluijed be tbe way in which Besponsihje GoveninVeiit js to be cbnfiucted, all that can he svid of it js, 'that tjie representatives of the people, like cTiildruii possessing a new toy, nre atonoe.J^aringit to pieces, like tlie sjlly boy who cut .ojieii-ihidv ruutliBf'ri bellows to find tUb wind. The Sydney Mnrning IhraUV says, with great justice to Sir. Nichols (who is confined to his house by illness), — ' TI10 useful labours of Mr. Nichols in amending .the la-ws, and his geuernl reputation for good nature, cause many persons to take a wm-iu interest iu bis success. We do not know why it should not be so. We should do justice to all men; but there is some-: thing more than a inert) perfunctioimry interest, where the person concerned linn himself shown a - little human sympathy. -We mise-Mr. Nichols i«om bis seal in tlic* Legislature, and, although sometimes disagreeing ?with him, regret that we -have not thp set-off of liis frank, merry eloquence, as a foil to the liin- dy-gurdy, the kettle-drum, and tlie thin, reedy , voices which too often bcdlamize our high places.' The last attempt to displace the present -ministry took place on Tuesday, nn a motion by Kits Arnold, ' That in the opinion of this House the conduct of | the Government, espocially In reference to tbe Land question, lias been calculated to disappoint the just aiid reasonable expectations of the puoplc.' Tljo honourable inembor went into great length on the subject o)' his motion, and was listened to with so much Impatience that bis speech was brought to a close by the House being counted out, oiily- eleven members being present. The session was brought to -a close^this after noon, with a speech from his Excellency tlie Oovcruor-Oehcrul, in whioh /he congratulates the Houses on the twin inn tion of their, lengthened labours, and took a review ol the business that had been transacted. Tbe Morning Jierald of to-day says, — ' Wo are asked : what honourable members have done ; wu can only answer that it is impossible to tel}. We haw at present only recol lections of forty or fifty faces of every type — a House sometimes very cold, and sometimes very hot — an I atmosphere heavy aud close — gentlemen sometimes . In groups, sometimes lounging at length, yawning, ' and asleep — confused sounds ofiuliunnouious voices, j words meauiug nothing, or to which the soul. from 'weariness refuses to attach a thought. Thon we are haunted with tbe sight of clutbs, always laid, nnd dinner never done; members dropping iu aud out like iuquiut ghosts; those who have dined, or who long to dine— -rushing with the signs of refresh ment iu their mouths, aud going back to snatch another morsel — martyrs -for. .their couutvy. Bv-iHid-t)Vf-r we shall have time to thread the maize of tbe past, and may icctui many nopic speci mens of senatorial eloquence, .and. discover .umny measures beneficial to tbo country, \ We regret that the County Courts' Bill is. not among them.' Tlie fino ship Alnu- kk Cidh, sailed heiice for England on Saturday,, takiug several of our colonist* as passengers, Mr* 'i^wmas Woollcy and tXr. Jacob Murks being of tbe number, tt is very pleasant to successful colonists to visit Uie'auld country,' with tha appliances -of enjoyment to be found there ; but experience has taught us, that somehow or oilier tbey are very anxious to gut back again to the genial clinjo of the. smith. The Ikzjaport, I(i70.4ons, Capt. Knight, with 469 immigrants,., has made on. excellent passage- of eighty riiino 4»ys from the Isle of Wight. Sho left Southampton on the 2nd of December, and was detained a considerable time in the Channel, There were sevcu deaths and tbreu births .011 tlie passage. Wo are in doily oxpeofation of tliu mail from England with dates to tiio J3lh January, It is hoped that the anticipated advio.es and consignments will liavo some .-effect iu reviving the present stagnant state of our timle and coiyjnorcc, which is in great need of revival. Our various markets remain In a very inactive1 state, and articloB of .almost ev-:ry kind may be quoted at .former prices. Floiir Is from £16 to £18 por ton of 20(-0 lbs.; wheat, 5s. Cd. to Cs. Od. per bushel; bread, -td. tlje 21b. loaf; good beef and litutton are retailed at Bi.. per lb., though some butchers charge less; potfc and, veal, 9d- to 10d.; potatoes, £-J to £8 per ton ; hay, £8 to £10 per. ton; straw, £0 to H,f; .maize, fis. 3d. to 7s. 6d. p;:r btishel, oats, 5s. to us. Oil. ; barley. 5s to Gs. ' Mechanics' wages, in every jaranch,'. are Jowcr than tljoy were; bat douiiistit servants,' although nino.tenths of them arc absolutely ftt for nothiiig, obtain from Be. to 12s, a week. - Such is the fuoility of this olasu obtaining places, which they retain only just so long as tl)ey; Dud the place suit them, wtthovit regai-d tt't their real fitness, that they are always ii) request, and arc as often- migrating from house to house. . . ? Tl»e ? management of , the Sydney Commercial Bunk, viioaut by the retirement, of Mr, Taylor, has been this. week filled, by the appointment of Mr. Z. Ingold. for many years accrfuntatit to tbe Uank of Australasia. There woo nuincjous applicants for the situation, . ' ' Syducys March 24, 1857. I .'The ; ^ne sMp 'Cofumhian, Capt. Perder, arrived here yesterday, after a spleiuliil run of about sixty five cUvy-S ttrmging 'datos' from Kiijilanrl -to the 14th January,, Huniourfi were iu circulation of inter, natioual dispnteg between the continental powers, and though Unglandlms uo -iircct interest in those sijimbblcH, Gipoiieiica has taught us bow small a begiiujifjg m.iy JusiJ to cxpHiisivo, protracted; and Siinguiiiary warfare. ? England is so.jwjxe^iip-wjtli otlier. European ' nations, and Is eo «ciisitive.,oii the score of wl»a£-iB'calledjthe.balauee.of power, jhatwe n'Hi'st not be -surprised 'to liear, before long, tliut-ouf1 flebM and armies are again in uctiou toj^lie u piirt in some; of'OioBC cinitlictB. ; That, this ? imprwsion, pvcvairs'at liniiiu nisiy be gleaned tVoni tlie fact tiint. ^pftsnln liiid llei'.lined Jo $iii, And^lip Hank of JKiig laijd had viiised their digcoulit on loa jis to 6 percent, 1 Tbe hiost stiiiiugoventa ro'oordi'd in the Unglish , p»j-e'rs'are, Hio -miirdw- of, the A)ch))i6)iop of Palis, j and the attempted 'assassination of the Kiutf ol Najilus!. 'l^e-'fiSVincr'^rimu ivas oomruittcd on the 3rd of- .Tnnuaiy, % * suspulided priest, vfho stabbod tfic kvcliprelato-diiringeprocessioii in Uoiiour ol' St. 6otf6v14ve.'-'Tl»o''Hsiiassjn4i8 in- ciistody, niiij [boldly i^^s -lliatiie.svjis instituted,- to the. murder from a tnotivurof revenge for having beeri siiBiiendefl from tlie exercise of his'clerSoti.l olficp. It seems that the s.-uiie diabolical feeling actuated tlie peipetrntor of tbe attempt on the life «f his Neapolitan Majesty. Tho King had just conplmlcd a review of bin troops, when a soldier stepped out. of the ranks nud iiiade h d ispc.rato tlinist at him with a- bsyonet, which b'vppily missed its aim. lie was. immediately secured, and has since been hangar!. That tlie. King of Naples Ir very unpopular is certain, and it ib not to lie wondered at that there tiro many disaffected persons among his soldiery. The culprit in question made no secret of Ills disaffection, nnd hinted thrft ha was only 011c among a pnrty combined to avengo their real or Biipposed wrongs. It is gratifying to turn from scenes of blood and national heartburnings to a Uicnie of congratulation fur our colonists. The price of wool hns risen in England Id. and 2d. per lb. ; and as Australian fleece's arc In high favour, wo inny presume that theyawmi ^)M^aJ^'^uuajoj',tUQJ^xan^j^^HiduB wem also, in ^i«aiJ3enjK^at'1^r^p'fl|3Pperllt:; fi)r*fl*r8t*lieavyy SCh;e |fi»w.$«MWthe l^tlt ^niiary - Ray Si-r-'.' Tie conMb»|itlSlV i^WooT still woeetl*' dm supply, and ^ojn'c.snccnliitloli ^^Bts %s4Aiflil fujtur- coursa of p/ie'ep,- JWo,^rescjit^ratei «4IH*^a1nf tdiiiedVyi ? tfelijsjarnM' witrlfhe^ibiieflf Indce^ M adyaiioe fit ^ii)?rajjy;eipectfed ~un& 1-Sl|eved «B jpro, biiiila «i» ail desftripniins^'th'Qse of combiii)? cljarac .ter will JttfdoulM fi;t|hnmore— ssy S&.^wili,' ' :[.: Tub *j?aEBJi.i$TipN ofPob+aois STAiuw.-^Tbo xe* uioval of flic s^m^'.pHtitinjr'yopBrUiieptfiioin the vpj-j-' HUadapU-a prpinjsos'nnqer the Oeiiernr !Post Offico to 'the Gpvbr.hnieuV printing establtshrnent, will, no daiibt, result iti u' {rroat saving to rtiie conn, try. The arraijgemer(t» of thereoently appointed Inspector if .Stapips.. (Mr.' Hdneon)r have greatly simplified the!dutie* pf tljiK department, and reduced the number ofjioraonaVeropioyed without. at all en» dangcrliig its eflicleuijy.iop -opening the emallest loop, hole to fraud., ? The morlo of keeping: the account is exceedingly «l)nplo, &nd;: can bo checked with remark* ablc'fucility, 'The prlriting, gumrtiing; and drying of the stamps are' all carried on Iu one apartment, in whioh also are kept under lock and key ti)e stock, the plates, and all the. requisite documents of aqtho. rlty and check. The Government printing office, too, lias been much improved, of late iy point of convenU ence, byrt]ie.2ippropriation of a separate room each to the pnii£or, tlie'bvorseer,- and readers. By this arrangement the composing rpotn is kepL frep from interruption. ? ? A correspondent at Mclbonrno, on the state of the Flour Market, writes as follows : — 'Yesterday (18th instant), in consequence of the low prices, from £14 to £15 per ton, the two or throe chief holders of Adelaide flour refused to selL To-day there have been so many enquiries for the article that all 'the smaller parcels have been put up at prices ranging from £15 to £10 ,10s.; and it appoars that tbe quantity of Adelaide tionr in Mel,, bourne is considerably less than was supposed It is difficult to account for the present low prices exaept from this fact, that tho great bulk of South Austra lian wheat is of necessity delivered to tho mills in tho first four months of the season' ( tbe next three mouths, April, Stay, and June, the Sinners are busy ploughing ; wiiicii, together with the impassability of the roads, prevents any quantity being delivered, I am also informed that a conti'actfor the delivery of a large quantity of Adnlaido flour is about beiDg en? tored into hero in ilelbourno— sombwborc about 1200 tons.' The sale of the Empire has been poatponed uutij April 3na. . ?'?.'... . 