U Jteilpr. ENGLAND'S POSITION IN THE EAST. (From tho Times.) A successful Datioi), like a successful man, does not expect universal sympathy and . condolence in its difficulties. We know quite well how we stand in that respect. Nor do we complain at all. It is perfectly natural that our neighbours in Europe and America should be looking on now upon the great Asiatic conflict in which we are engaged with an interest not wholly un- pleasurable. AVe will not quote the maxim about the misfortunes of our best friends, because it does not quite suit the case. Our neighbours cannot exactly indulge In the luxury of pity, because our case is not bad enough for that. AVe are too vulgarly pro sperous as yet. No; but there is such an attitude as standing by, and watching, Avith a general idea on the part of the spectator that we may possibly get the .worst of it, and that lie will not be particularly sorry .if We do. Dominant nations, just like public men, are accustomed to these friendly ex pectations. They are aware that many eyes around them are watching their course, especially if a cloud is overhead, with a somewhat unsympathetic curiosity. AVe know that avc arc now forming a pleasing subject of conjecture to a wide circle. " Now, then, Avhat will great Britain do ? How will she get out of this mess? How will her Indian prestige stand ? " &c.; Pro phecy is proverbia'ly interesting. Reli gious prophecy is the most interesting part of theology. Hundreds of divines become quite indifferent to the existing condition of the Avorld or the church, so absorbed are they in imagining and guessing what it will be. Social prophecy also is very interest ing. Half our gossip is prophecy. AVe \- discuss the destinies of our friends with great hilarity — their aims in life, abilities, tempers, connections, their pecuniary re sources, and what will be the probable re sult of the whole. Nor is prophecy the less light-hearted for making out that the prospect is a gloomy one. This kind of . talk is pleasant enough ; it Tanks by the side of ghost stories, dreams, marvellous / coincidences, and the gossip of the super natural Avorld. And where a great nation is concerned the dignity of the moralist conies in. It is quite safe to say that we are a wicked nation, because upon the old pro verb, that the " majority are wicked," a nation cannot easily avoid being so. AVell, then, our great national faults have to be punished, and a solemn judicial vista opens before the censor's eye. A great many people never feel so comfortable as Avhcn they are talking about "judgments." It is the cheapest form of virtue there is. It co.-ts absolutely nothing, at the \\-ery time that the virtuous enthusiasm of the judge is at its greatest height. NoAAr, Ave have no Avish to rob our friends and neighbours of so many interesting sub jects. It would be cruel to do so. Let them prophecy as much as they please. Let them gossip about us; let them judge us with all solemnity. AVe like virtuous en thusiasm, and Avould not suppress it on any account. But Ave must remind them of one feature it our case which they ought to know. It appears very certain that avc have no quarrel Avith any nation in the east — 2\. e. Avith the mass of people either in India or China. Why, our fleet steamed up the Canton River a mid an attendant and friendly, navy of "sampans and junks." The iiiA'asion — if Ave are to call it so — seemed quite a popular step. " The boats came about us Avith bananas, lemon syrup, and sweet potatoes." " A Chinaman con tracted for supplying us wit.li fresh meat and vegetables, charging us hardly more than the market price." " The husband men upon the banks pursued their labours in their paddy-fields under the protection of our guns, Avhick for the time shielded them from the violence of the Mandarin sailors." This does not look like popular hatred or distrust. It is true that a fana tical party keeps us out of Canton, but everybody knows the power of even a small fanatical minority to overawe the mass, especially if, as in the present case, the in terests of the Government go along with the interests of superstition. It remains to be seen what it is which has shut us cut of Canton ; whether it is really the popular feeling against the stranger, as the Chinese Government pretends, or whether that is only a pretext of the Government to dis guise its own reluctance to fulfil the treaty. If we are to interpret naturally the beha.- viour of the Chinese, thronging round our fleet as it went up the river, the people ap- pear to have no feeling against us. AAre arc at Avar with a Court, and not with a nation. It will be said that the Chinese Avili do anything for money, and that they know the English have money. AVell, avc do not inquire into the motive — we simply state the f?ct. For some reason or other they seem to have no objection to us. If money is their object, that only shows that the objection to the society of the foreigner yields to that motive, and that what brings them into contact Avith us is stronger than Avhat keeps them aloof from. us. A China man is a selfish animal, but that does not interfere Avith the fact that he trusts us, believes in our fair dealing, knoAvs Ave will not hurt him wantonly, and courts our cus tom and company even when we are invad ing him. It is the same in India. The enemy is our own soldier, and not the Hin doo. Far from joining the military mu tiny, the people, so far as our accounts go, actually persecute and maltreat the muti neers Avhcn they are cauglit straggling. A private letter states that 500 of them who had escaped into the Mahomedan valley of Swat, Averc first circumcised and then sold as slaves, an old native officer realisin'g only sixpence-halfpenny. This, it will be said, is Mahoinedau feeling, not British. It may be, but still tho fact sIioavs that there is no feeling for the mutiny. The Mahomedans have risen against us as much as the Hin doos, and the one sect Avould not persecute the other if thoro were the slightest na tional bias for tho mutineers, or if the mu tiny were regarded in the least as a patriotic movement. Indeed, the Indian authorities have calculated so completely on the apathy of the mass in the North West, that they have offered a reAvard of £6 for every mu tineer brought in, dead or alive, Avith his arms. Facts, indeed, appear to sIioav that we may expect in this contest a seasonable re turn for that justice and consideration which have marked our Indian administration. It would seem that this has made some .im pression at last upon the native. lie knows lie is safe under us ; he is not molested, he is not injured. He has had nearly a cen tury's experience nOAV of a fair government under which life and property are protected. He feels he has no interest in change, and he stands- aloof from this mutiny just as he aarould from any foreign invasion Avhicli Avould be evidently and transparently for the benefit of the invader and not for his. At the same time we must not forget that the Frankenstein of our oivn creation is a formidable opponent, nor disguise from ourschrcs;the. difficulties of a contest with a Avcll-armcd and well-disciplined mutiny, which may tax our resources to their ut most. 