~.A-DIEFICULTUCASE..." MR. Francis Bland was an attorney-at-law, resident at Henley, in the county of Oxfordshire a gentleman sixty-two years old a widower, with but a single child, a daughter, to whom he was devotedly attached. Mr. Brandy lived in a good house, and his household consisted of himself, Mary his daughter, his clerk, two maid-servants, and a man-servant. There were also an old nurse, a charwoman, and an old man servant, who had become sexton of the parish, every week about the house, engaged in sundry acts of service. Mr. Brandy was a man in fair health, who had been for years troubled with heartburn, and such twinges as belong naturally to one who is found after death with a stone in his gall-bladder. Mr. Bland and his daughter had lived very happily together and the father, when the child came to be of marriageable age, was desirous to procure for her what he would consider a good match. To attract wealthy suitors, the. attorney gave out that his daughter would have a fortune of ten thousand i pounds. Among the persons who were attracted to Miss Brandy by the prospect of ten thousand pounds was a captain in the army, who by chance came to Henley to recruit. This was the Hon. William Henry Cranstoun, a man of good address, whose mother was a titled lady living in a Scotch castle. Mr. Cranstoun, however, was a person of base character ; who, having children in sundry places and a wife in one place, nevertheless insinuated himself into Miss Blandy's affections, and offered her marriage for the sake of being master of her money. The father saw great reason for distrusting Mr. Cranstoun's honesty, and therefore discouraged his attentions to the daughter. Mary, however, was enamoured of the captain, and the old gentleman was too indulgent to put any strong check upon her inclinations. Mr. Cranstoun was a guest at the lawyer's house from August to November, in the year seventeen hundred and fifty, but the master of the house took no pains to disguise the fact that his visitor was there on sufferance and upon this topic, little quarrels frequently arose between father and daughter. In the next turn of the story the whole difficulty lies. Cranstoun said, one morning, he had seen Mr. Blandy's ghost; which must portend his death. Miss Brandy also said she had heard strange music in the house, which was a sign of death to some one of its inmates, and she was afraid her father would not live another year. At the same time a white powder was, for the first time, put into the. old man's ten. Let us say at once, as a guide to the readers of the case, that Miss Brandy declared throughout, and with an awful solemnity affirmed with her last breath that she at no time suspected the white powder (of which we shall presently find her making habitual use to be a poison ; but that it was given her by Cranstoun as a charm able to make her father favourable to his suit. Cranstoun, she said, while he was staying at their house, put a white powder into her father's cup of tea, which had been poured out before he came to breakfast. She averted her face while he did so ; but observed that no ill effects' followed, and therefore accepted the assurance of her lover and trusted in his honour, when he said that the charm would do no hurt. He left this assurance with her when he went away for a time, to the North. A hundred years ago credulity was common enough, and in all times girls have been credulous of the assertions of their lovers. The facts proved in evidence make it, however, very difficult (though not impossible to accept this solution of the case. Soon after Mr. Cranstoun's departure, Miss Brandy began to receive from that captain in Scotland letters and presents. Among the presents were occasional boxes of Scotch pebbles } and, with the pebbles, a small paper containing what was, according to its label, powder to clean the pebbles. This powder was habitually mixed by Miss Brandy with her father's tea. The invalid complained of his stomach, and was sick. He lost health so much, that a neighbour said to his wife, " I fear my old friend Brandy is breaking up." Still there was an occasional exchange of hard words between father and child, on the subject of the captain ; varying a course of life that was on the whole affectionate. A servant who was proved to bear her no good-will, and who deposed that she had in coarse language, during a talk about young girls kept out of their portions, asked who would not kill a father for ten thousand pounds this servant admitted that she was attentive and careful on her father's behalf, throughout his illness, and did for him what she might have done for herself or any other I person. Mr. Brandy was often sick after his breakfast. A servant, who once finished tea left by him at breakfast time, was taken ill, but not immediately after it She attributed her illness to beans eaten heartily at dinner-time. After a time Miss Brandy wrote a letter to the captain which obtained this answer : "I am sorry there are such occasions to clean your pebbles ; you must make use of the powder to them, by putting it in anything of substance, wherein it will not swim stop of the water, of which I wrote to you in one of my last. I am afraid it will be too weak to take off their rust, or at least it will take too long a time." In the same letter he talked of the beauties of Scotland, and reported that his mother, Lady Cranstoun, had employed workman to fit up an apartment for her at Lennel House. Soon afterwards, Miss Brandy began to put her father's powder into the water gruel which he took for supper. The father's bodily state was becoming very wretched. "vomiting, purging, and internal ulceration tortured him. A nurse, for whom his daughter had a great deal of affection, drank one morning the gruel left by the master overnight, and was seized, before she could finish it " with so violent a sickness that the servants feared she would die in a fit. She said, while she was eating it, that the house smelt' of physic, and everything in it tasted of physic. It is to be observed that, fancying one of the servants was not looking well, Miss Blandy had warned her of the unwholesomeness of water gruel, and had said something to her fellow-servant with a like intention. The powder was still being mixed with the gruel. A large panful of gruel for three days' consumption was prepared ; end, on the third day, one of the servants declared it to be stable, and made some more. " Then," she testified, " I brought out the pan (the evening before I thought it had an odd taste), so I was willing to taste it again, to see if I was mistaken or not I put it to my mouth and drank some, and taking it from my mouth, I observed some whiteness at the bottom. I went immediately to the kitchen and told Betty Binfield there was a white settlement, and I did not remember I had ever seen oatmeal so white before. Betty said, I Let me see it I carried it to her, she said What oatmeal is this I think it looks as white as flour.' We both took the pan and turned it about, and strictly observed it, and concluded it could be nothing but oatmeal. I then took it out of doors into the light, and saw it plainer ; then I put my finger to it, and found it gritty at the bottom of the pan ; I then recollected I had heard say, poison was white and gritty, which made me afraid it was poison." Murder was out. The pan was carefully put by taken, on first opportunity, to a friend of the family and shown to the family surgeon ; who said he could not tell what it was, because it was wet, but thought there must be foul play somewhere. Now Mr. Brandy was at this time dangerously ill, and Miss Blandy had learnt from the surgeon that he was in danger ; whereupon she urged against her father's wish, the sending for additional advice, and did send secretly for Doctor Addington. Doctor Addington, when he saw his patient, suspected poison, and. asked questions which alarmed Miss Brandy. On a Saturday night, therefore, when she had directed a letter to an uncle, in the kitchen, and had made occasion to go to the fire to dry the ink, she slipped into the fire some papers, and poked them down into the coals. One servant immediately threw coals on; and, as soon as the young lady was gone, from under the damp coals the two maids took a piece of paper that was only singed and that contained white powder. It was labelled in Mr. Cranstoun's hand-writing, "Powder to clean the pebbles." Then the servants were convinced that their young mistress had been poisoning her father. One of them gave information to her master early the next morning. The powder was placed, on his next visit, in the hands of Doctor Addington, who called in a second physician, and remained all day with his patient. During that day he caused Miss Brandy to be searched and guarded. He asked the father more than once whether he really thought he had taken poison. The old man replied that he thought he had. " His teeth had decayed faster than was natural, and he had especially after his daughter had received a present of Scotch pebbles from Mr. Cranstoun been affected with unaccountable pinching and heats in his tongue and throat, and with almost intolerable burnings and pains. I asked him, said the doctor, whom he suspected to be the giver of the poison? The tears stood in his eyes, yet he forced a smile, and said, " A poor love-sick girl. I forgive her. I always thought there was mischief in those cursed Scotch pebbles " The evidence to identify the powder in the pan and paper as white arsenic, is curiously illustra- tive of the difference between the chemistry of to-day and that of a hundred years ago. The surgeon believed the white powder found in the pan to be poison "because it viz gritty and lutdnosowil," The physician tried-some in his house with a red hot poker to procure the odour of garlic in the fumes), '"""upon which," he says, 'he did imagine it was of the arsenic kind." The physician who received the paper of arsenic, rescued from the fire, said, "opened the paper very carefully, and found in it a whitish powder, like white arsenic in taste, but slightly discoloured by a little burnt paper mixed with it. I cannot swear this powder was arsenic, or any other person ; because the quantity was too small to make any experi- ment with that could be depended on. With the white powder from the pan, by trying ten grains in one way, ten grains in another way, and so using five tests on large quantities repeating the same tests with identical results of arsenic bought as such at a shop he obtained sufficient certainty as to the poison used. Now the chemist can identify the smallest fraction of a grain. - MISS Brandy, imprisoned in her room and parted from her father-who, she was told, was dying-be- came violently distressed. Her distress was imputed by the physicians to her knowledge of the conse- quences to herself with which she was then threatened., She pleaded hard to see her father once, and did see him. He received her tenderly ; tot her plea for forgiveness he said, "I forgive thee my dear, and I hope God will forgive thee, but thee shouldst have considered better than to have attempted anything against thy father then shouldst have considered I was thy own father." " Sir," she said, " as to your illness, I am entirely innocent." One of the servants then reminded her of the known facts. Miss Brandy replied, " I have put powder into least have put powder into water gruel and if you are injured, I am entirely innocent, for it was given me' with another intent." Her father firmly believed that. He spoke of her only as the poor love sick girl, upon whose simplicity Cranstoun had practised. "O, such a villain !" her said, as he turned in his bed. " Come to my house, out of the best and drink of the best my house could afford, to take away my life and ruin my daughter." But in his last words to his child, of er blessing her, there was a strange mingling of the lawyer with the father : "Do, my dear, go out of my room ; say no more, lest thou shouldst say anything to thy own prejudice." The girl was taken back to prison in her chamber. She pleaded in vain. She asked afterwards for leave only to be against her father's door when he was dying. She was a monster in the eyes of all about her, and, as such she was treated. On the night of her father's death, she made to two servants, will proposals of flight. At the time of the autopsy, she being left with open doors, she said, in the defence she was obliged to make for herself upon her trial,-" I ran out of the' house, out of the house and over the bridge, and had nothing on but an half sack and petticoat without a hoop ; my petticoats hanging about me, the mob' gathered about me. Was this a condition, my lords, to make my escape in A good woman beyond the bridge, seeing me in this distress, desired me to walk in till the mob was dispersed." There she of was taken, and brought back to durance. The good woman so mentioned, being examined, said that when she called Mary Bland to save her from the mob, " she was walking as softly as foot could be laid to the ground; it had not the least appearance of her going to make her escape." For this attempt to escape, such as it was the pri- ' soner was made to wear irons in gaol. Outside the gaol doors, horrible stories afterwards confessed to be false-were told about her. She was found guilty of murder at her trial, but conducted herself with so ' ' much decorum that the prejudice of many persons was diminished. Afterwards, while under sentence her behaviour in prison was said to be, unimpeachable. She was content to suffer for having destroyed her father; but to the last, with an appearance of true sincerity; de- ' clared that she had been duped by Cranstoun,, and persisted in that account of the crime, which she confirmed with an awful Tadjuration. Her last words were " May I not meet with eternal salvation, nor be acquitted by Almighty God, in whose awful presence I am instantly to appear, if the whole of what I have here asserted be not true." There are more details in this case than we have given here ; but we have represented fairly the degree and nature of its difficulty. Cranstoun fled the country, and suffered at the hands of human justlbe'no ' punishment worse than outlawry. -Household Weraki «-__-_-_-___-_-___-_-________, in LOST FRIENDSHIP. There are few lives stretching , beyond mere school time that have not, in the back. ground, some waste places which dreams re-people and solitary hours survey, The forms of those ruins are various, as the Babels which men build and fortune overthrows but, among them, there are none sadder or more common than those of early friendships. Who t can look backward from among his first grey hair, and' noises eomesuchrelica lying cold and low on the way- side of the past ? Perhaps it was brotherhood of kindred tastes and aspirations, bound up with the story of his early world, the dreams he rejoiced, and the cause he believed in perhaps it was a homely companionship, growing out of work or travel, strengthened by mutual trust and service, tried by fortune and cemented by years ? Did it fall in the clash of interests and opinions ? Did absence and occupation leave it to decay ? Was prosperity ' too strong ? Was adversity too hard for it. It matters not by all these things, and many - more, are friendships broken down; and there he their ruins, the failures of lives, which men call successful, the saddest shipwrecks of the castaway, For- tunate, but few are the friends divided only by the ' grave. t ' IiEou. DESTITUTION The eye of the law has become so weak from the want of proper practice in the different courts, that it is going to advertise for a pupil. Punch, How AND WHERE GOLD IS FOUND.- The most productive auriferous quartz veins in California appear in hills of what is called " the secondary formations and run from north-west to north-east. Some of these , veins have a diameter varying from four to 10 feet, and the vein is generally a solid mass. The smaller veins, which run in various other directions, and connect with the main leads, furnished the most of the gold for the placers. In the large veins the gold is found in small scales or octahedron, closely connected with the quartz and in the small veins the gold appears in large solid masses on the surface, in the interstices, and on the outside of the quartz. These smaller veins ordinarily contain clay, accompanied by gravel, iron, and arsenic, and in these materials gold is found free , from quartz. United with quartz, the gold takes irregular forms, sometimes crystalline, and the auriferous pieces are usually surrounded with clay ; this quartz is almost invariably accompanied by oxide of iron and pyrites. The solid veins can only be quarried with difficulty, and contain the gold intimately united with quartz. In the smaller veins the pieces of quartz hang together, but can be broken apart by a light blow. It frequently happens that in a vein not more than 10 or 30 inches wide, several divisions are found, each of which is separate and solid in a perpendicular line. The perpendicular spaces between are filled with clay, which is often rich in gold. Experience has shown that gold is generally found in quartz veins which lie near the surface of the earth and that the gold loses in quantity and quality as the vein recedes from the surface. In those quartz veins that have a horizontal direction, and which are found entirely isolated from other veins, large amounts of gold have been found. But these veins are very rare. Scientific American. CURING A REFRACTORY CONVICTED returned convict, who had been in Norfolk Island, was much more difficult to manage than even these and I remember, after he had been confined in the refractory cell, he swore on being let out, that he would murder any man who attempted to come down to him there. He made a spring at the officer near him, and would assuredly have bitten his nose off had the warder not retreated up the stairs, so that the man was down below all alone, rowing and declaring he would have the life of the first person that tried to get him up. Well, you see we knew we could master him directly we had him in the corridor ; but as he couldn't take his life and he could ours, he was more than a match for us down in the refractory ward. Accordingly the governor had to devise some means by which to get him upstairs without hurting him and how do you think 4 he did it, Sir ? Why he got some cayenne pepper and' burnt it in a fumigating bellows, and then blew the smoke down into the yard where the fellow was. The man stood it for some time, but, bless you, he was soon glad to surrender, for as we sent in puff after pull, it set him coughing and sneezing, and rubbing his eyes, and stamping with pain, as the fumes got not only into his throat and up his nose, and under his eyelids, and made them smart, till the tears ran down his cheeks as if he had been a little child. Then immediately afterwards we threw ourselves upon him, and effectually secured him against doing any further harm. On no, Sir, added the officer, with a smile and a knowing shake of the head, he never tried the same game on after that one dose of cayenne pepper smoke was quite enough for him, I can assure you. Mayhew's Great World of Nature. NATIONAL CHARACTERISTICS A German will keep awake for hours to study metaphysics. When an Englishman studies them, it is to induce him, to go to sleep Punch, > st, for 2. 