THE BOY OF THE LIGHTHOUSE. (From Putnam's Monthly Magazine.) Across a league of angry breakers And three of waste and drifting sand), With curlews wailing in the shallows ' And white gulls fishing g off the land ; A beacon on the far horizon, Nearer, a lower all worn and white, A lighthouse half, and half a prison, With rusted gratings round the light. Sane the shore and unfrequented, And fretted over by the sea . And such as these were his surroundings, A hero, and the last of three. On the long an veil from the Bermudas While great Orion climbs the sky, Remote at sea, in night and silence, Uko ghost the unseen fleets go by On tossing in the wide Atlantic impetuous dash upon the ice. When the low coast with mists is hidden, And white with foam is all the sea. Ah what endurance and endeavour Wore his who watched between those bars, Through those dear nights when wildest tempest Shut out the earth, the sea, the stars. Sereno the early autumn morning, Fair skies, light breezes off the shore; "VI then the two Keepers of the beacon Sailed from it to return no more. Up through the rites of the Antilles Coastwise the driving fog was piled, By the fierce gusts of the tornado, And the great waves raged white and wild. Shoreward from sea and sedgy marshes The sea birds failed to reach the main, Drifting about before the tempest, Bewildered by the hissing rain. Around the tower with cries discordant Wheeling in oft repeated flight, They caught on wet and glancing opinions The gleam of the revolving light, Through the rain blurred and beaten casement Each following each in endless chase, JTlashod bars of light pursued by shadows, in wide circles round the place, Hobhcd ener sands and sound and inlet, And leagues of sea lashed by the gale, And past the shoal and dangerous headland In safety guided many a sail. And direful wreck.. had been, and drowning Where wreck had never been before, Had it but faltered in revolving And seemed some casual light ashore. Three nights of storm, on the horizon A star by turns to sea and sound Sid mortal hand light up the beacon And trail the glittering lamps around 1 1 or in the whirlwinds sudden fury, Just where the seas and currents crossed, Whelmed in the merciless Atlantic Both keepers of the light were lost. It was a child of years yet tender Kept lonely vigil in their stead, Nor know that in the hollow surges Boiled sire and grandsire, stark and dead. He thought of tales of shipwreck dreadful On coasts sea girt and lying low, Of wretches lost in the Atlantic, And set the glimmering lamps a row, Poised in its well within the tower, A ponderous weight controls by night, Through multiplying wheels and pinions, The revolutions of the light. How long he toiled-a child's endeavour At the stiff crank to raise this weight, While darker rolled the ocean over, And wind and rain assailed the grate j How his brave soul remained undaunted When all his childish strength was vain, While deeper night involved the ocean, And wilder beat the wind and rain ! Until disjoined from wheel and pinion. Studded with uses, a sparkling reel, Round and around In bright gyrations The draw at last the cumbrous wheel. 'Twas when the furious tornado On the fourth day had ceased to blow, And there were wrecks from Corrientes To the pure shot as of Pamllco, They came in boats across the Burges, in which the keepers twain were drowned, And found him by the v heel still kneeling A poor dead child was all they found. If twas of hunger that he perished, of thirst, or stress of long fatigue, Or all conjoined-who o'er can tell us Witness was none for many a league. OF e, O blind world, your loud applause To men renowned through blood and tears, Not thus that noble hero triumphed, and these are not among his peers LADY.-WOMAN.-We are happy to add such authority us Col. Ben ton's to the protest which we have often made of the abuse of the word- lady, to the neglect of those nobler words, woman and wife. Indeed, he goes farther than we do, and eschews altogether a word which in its proper place is one of the best in the language, and which becomes offensive only in its misapplication. In a letter to the editors of the National Intelligencer, , correcting the report of his speech at the New England dinner, Mr. Benton says : " There is also an error of commission in attributing to me the phrase lady when, turning to the fair | and graceful mothers and daughters who sat behind us gave the Bible. opinion of their blessing to their fathers, exemplified in the case of Job's daughters-fair women, none fairer in all the land-and the only part of all God's compensation to him for his faith and patience under all his miseries, of which any description was given, thereby showing that these daughters were the main part of the blessing, they alone outpost' King the seven sons. 3 did not say Father-. That word is not in the Bible, nor is it in any Greek or Roman book; and, if I must give food for a paragraph on "egotism" in some newspaper in which the editor may not yet have acquired the right to print the pronoun ego before any act of his own, I will add, that phrase is not in the Thirty Years' View in any part of the author's own writing. He took a dislike to it in reading of the "ladies" of the Court of the English Charles the Second, so well classified and qualified by the sly old Pepys in his diary, when he Fuj B the King and the Court ladies were there and Madame Bunnett and her ladies were there. Since then I eschew the word, and, like the answer of the Scotch gardener to the dame who, to enforce some preposterous order. told him she was the Bishop s lady, t whom the garden belonged: "Madame, Ido Mt care if you wet e his wife." Tobo serious, the phrase has been and is so applied in our america as to have lost the sense in which it was used in the country from which we take it- madame-first only applicable to the eldest daughter of the King of France, and after wards transferred to the dames of the Court." Col. Benton is quite mistaken in saying the word lady is not in the Bible. It occurs several times, certainly, in the sacred volume. Boston Paper. 