INSOLVENCY PROCEEDINGS.' NEW INSOLVENTS. Brrr l8.-Pair ck Mali-r, late ol Clarence-siren, Sydney, a Mglna-lMU«* k»cper, now a paup-'r. Uabl littea, (IS II«.(jil. A««»t«-valuent pensons! properly, f.V DeHt'li. £11 14« 6.1. Mr. Perry, official as»!*nee. lil-.lohn Hurley, of llankalown, tanner. UahillHr», M37 8» 3d. Assets-value ol personal property, £tii IT«. Id. Ile Bell, _I0 Us. Id. Mr Wilson, official as- signee. 1».-John Hawley, of Ciar-nca-ttreet, Sydney, con- fectioner. Llabllnle«, i._IIO ISt. Aaset*- value of real properly, CltlOn : peraunal properly, f .MIO ; out .iniidlnr debts, rigid« !) I. . total, CI592 l8«. Vd. De- ri it, _SSa I0< ild Mr. w Kemi«,. Ricial aitljnre, OsBOUNB'a U'ALUario Cul.-The working or the mine at Mount K Ira, is being actively prnoeeeded with, the demand being only limited by the abl'liy to supply. In the (own at vVollongoni itself, within little better than three mouin« nearly 1,10 lons have been can .umed, It baring elmon entirely supplantai! wuod a« lue). Ill addition tilba larg»,quantity uted by »bo .learner«, annie 80 ton« per weak there lui« been it considerablequmilly capo.lid l.iSjmiy »here It hu already w on ll««lf a narda aa bring aioa-nor to any other ilrarriptiun ol coal u»eo (here In proof of this we need on'y record thal at the meeting of Hie K « N. Con- ti my, held in Wollongong, on Tuealay Inn, it wat «taied by Mr. Rdye Manning that the 0«b mie'» Wall, .end coal bid Keen uteri by bim, and lha( be fiauul, alter care'ully testing It, thal 10 ians ni it wereiqusl lo Hi or 16 inn» ol ihe N. wcstle Cn I and Copper Ciro nan»'« Coal, and M U Inn« of (no tlorpetb Coal -¿To toarra t'ereiir», St, Utnbtr ." IHK IlAKHtnooi. Hillb Coal.-A very Inleretilng meeting wa« h id at the Prince of W ,1, a Hotel, Gee. lung on -.«lurday afirimsun. The object was lo nrganlsn a company lo pronrute th sein h Inrcial on Mr. Thomas's laud at the llirruiui.il Hills Several ui ntleitu n a.tdretteit (be meeting und gav, intcrrsliug detalla ot the o|«ratlona which have already men car- ried on. 8|t-cl.nemo! coal were pnaliiced to the meet- ing, and submit ed lor inspection. They were pr i uounird to 'e excellent coal. Tbey had been hrnuuht Irom h depth of Hine bundled leel Th- ubj.ct ol the meeting wa« ully uci- ompilitn-d Ii >«at re.olv.ri (o proceed Immedlati ly to organfie a company, of which the ctpltal it lo be _ttuo and ii commitine was lormed to take th. preliml uri step«, and In negotiate with Mr. Th.unas aa lo the terina on which he would la-rml' (be c impany lo go lo wurk upon his I ind. We think it must be wah a pang or regret th ti Mr. Timms» will sur. r-tider Into oihrr han a the prosecution ot hit daring achetne. ila-or rather Mr». Thom»*, »or It ia the lady's n .me thal ha» usually been associated with the scheme -ha* obtained quite a celebrity all over the colony hy her perse»«' lilt - ffor a to make Hie earth give up ihe carboniferous «etiih mat it halda-orthat the« brlletrd It to hold-In its bowels, w'e bnpesuccras win tpe-dlly reward lha entirprise ol the comptny: and we none that tuch liberal lenna will be made with M>. Thomas aa will secure to hit tamily a Itrge proportion o the ¿«In that will acctue. The Indouiltntil.- peiaevetance wiin which Uley have pursued the ararcli commands «..lierai admiration, and will, we trust, bo amply re. wirrie«! alter a moro suustaullil fashion.-{Julong Timtt Cn «ho* or Srx*Ltao Uacov-J ihn Williams and J at key, au aboriginal, were nu Siturdey chirged . afore the bench, al East Maitland, with ateallng bacon from Hie dray ol Willum B-urue. The prlaonera hid been »ppn-bended by Co..«table Riyfleid; Jut kay on being taken into custody, charged Winiam« with having mid Hie bacon, and W111 una eccuso I Jaukey. and «al that he liad toi t it to Mr flratly puhllran, at Harpur'* Hill, Ongoing to Grids'* wltnisa could are no bacon, but having reston alter« nrdt to luapecl thal there wa* tome on the premises, be procured a aearch.warrant. The prosecutor, llouine, bid ilaieil that he had -een tbree fluchet of bacon In Orady'a house, which he be. II veri to la- hit pro|srrty ; on searching tbe house only half a flitch was found. Mr. Grady denied having pur. cha«ed any bacon lrom the prisoner* The case was remanded lill Tueaday lor (he attendance ot W11 tam Bom ne. Ou Tuesday, the pro-ecutnr. Boam», alatrd til I be did not wish Ki pratt (he charge. He appeared a« if Buffering from the efleeli ol hard drinking. He had come dunn with hit team nom Liverpool Plaina and the two prlaonera wereemploied hy him. At Kelk, nar'«, on Hie Sinalnton road, all three got In tixicited. and U .urne bad bl« leg broken; the prl »onera hat decamiaal. and tbe bicou waa rotated, when llourne came lo bia «eiiaes. This wilna«*, when under examination, said be remembered nothing of wha( had occurred, and npiararshl weak, The b-'nch remanded him io llw lock-up »HI Wedn sd*y.-Mr. Tu-oer saw the prisoner* no the day named al L clilnrar, and heard William« say that Jackey had sold the bacon to Mr. Grady The prlinnrra changed a aovert Ign at hit liouae.-Divld I'timer had auld the prisoners some giaala; the hiacklell.'W paid fir (hem. The case was remanded till W, dna-day. The case wa* a. aln cull, d nu yesterday, bul the wlmeas llou-n» wa*) not yet In a fit state lo lut ex unined, and (he ca- wa* lirlhtr ru- in m.led tilt Thursday, (Ihia day.) AtraNui II* roux - A rather incredible tilo his been tiirriKed by several perann« from Wollombi, whilst in Maitland during the Aatix-a The staten» nt hss la-en eorroboiatrd so tar that the woman who «ay» she has been favoured «lill n visit Ira n a de di n of ano her world is known lo reside on the Quarryb dong estate, and in the cottage w bien la oferreu lo. The atnry runa thus:-A woman named Lisbali, shnrtly after her arrival in the country. aoiue Hine year« «Inte, went and took up hrr abade In a hut on the Quarrybnlinig eaiute. the property, we believe, of Mr Close. Pre qurnlly Mrs Luskelt Imagined thal shasaw a a, mol hing which she could not describe, apparently ulanna at hide und ae.k behind the trees, mil. then .round the hut, but h .»In« no bullet iu ghusis the put it doau at an optical delutliin Within the I ?.! six luonths, how ever, this my«terluuaaoineihing assumed a more natural foui. At llr.t it aupeared like a undia of woman'* . lu be», sutjiendrd In Ihe air, and used lo dell hi In hoveruii! mer a water-h ile in Ike ena k, a little dist ince from Mrs. I,a«kelt'ehu>: but the ranon ntary rear,.mi tre- pidation which waaucoua one I by this apparition having «uii-l ed. limbing more waa thought .1 li At last th* wo nan'» clothes, when next seen, o ere on un apparently aged lemah , her f«cu w.« paie and wan. and ml« r hie iu I ok up q Lifting up oar of her hands «he oecknii».! Mrs. Lask ti o billow tier; hut li »li and luulciuld tiQ stand the rrigln, and the poor winn ,n li id fainted. Night all r night Hil« ghustly visltur appeared, hut fright prevrnteil Mrs. Laskell Irom obeying her Injunc- tion. Al length slip determined u||ou the nut v.sl to muster up courng enough In ad ir, sb Ihe ghost, ami iiak her why »he conilnu.d to h mut her. Tim il. il' nl«ht caine, and at Hie usual hour tue ahnet appeared, looking a shade inore miserable iliali un prerlnui .ecasion« Mutiering up courage Mr*. Lukt t said .. Who are you V The ghost then told her that hsr name was _'. and that many year* «go she resided in that hut that whilst Hu re the bad been foully murder d hy -, and beckoning willi tier baud, the .aid, " Ko luw me, und I will mew you whare I Ile hurled." Mrs Laikatt lull metl, anti wa* taken dnan lo Hil» water hule, uver which «ha h id »0 often tern the strange sight* Th> ghnai wa» allen! until »rrlfiug , it Hie hole, ahm turning round «lie auld, "My 'italy 1* . there," and ill* .p eared, time« theq Mr«. La«keit baa ' not beep ir tibiad with bar visitor. Not Uno slug »bat, «o tblakpf thU apparitioa and disco»«*/, »do decided ' I upon .asking the advice of her neighbour*. The story created nome excitement, and this «xcltrmenl was In cresuvad when, upon learohlag (be record of the Wollombi police' court II wa* discovered that a worn m named --- bad resided lu that hut, ant that ah« had disappeared In' a most mysterlnut manner. A (.rivale Inquiry, we are told, wa* held and Mrs. Lnskrtl was questioned mil croll questioned, bul her «lory wa« lu nu way shaken. lb. y were unable, however, to test Its truth, by »»«tch- ing tor the supposed body In the water hole. In conse- quence 01 the quantity ot water at. marni in it, hut In- land, we brllave, doing ao when it subsides. We are also (old (hat the person who wai named aa the murderer la still rvsl ing in the district. What makes Hil« strange »lory "more wondrous strange," I« Ihe fact ol Mr«. Latkett being only a ne» hand In the cnlnny, und therefore unarqiialntel with either the namea ni the l-irmer occupint* ni her houte o' with (ho clrrum stances of tbe mysterious dl«sppenr*nce uf an aged woman, Hbracii op iMDiKTtm« -Susannah Mnaa app-ared at Ka«t Maitland, on Tuesriar, rhargrri with neglecting I to teach her Indented apprentice, Annti Winkworlh. her Iran« aa a dressmaker. Mr Mirnee appearott tor the complainant Complainant deposed that in July, l8 6 «ha went lo Mr'. Moss, mid continued with her ti lim 7th August hist; on that day she was told by (he dé- fendant thal lhere was no work or room fur her; com. plalnanr (hen asked for her Indentures, and the premium given wiih (hem hut was reiiised : complainant wat nu», living with Constable Sumí. The Ind. Murri wera wltn.ssed hy Cuntíanle Stout 1 hy tin in (he com. plaluant wat bound for a term or three yean The dé- fendant wat fined £S and cutts, and tbe indontures «ter» ordered to he cnncollerl. Mast*«« AN» Sbhvüst« Act - Thom«» Kuttell was on Tues.tar charged wiih basing amennderi Irom Hie hired «ervice iii lils employer, Thomas Borthwick. A warrant had been Issued, and Ihn rief mitant waa anpre. henri.d hy Serjeant Kerrigan, II" had been hired by Mr Borthwick, na groom, on the .'Olli July last, under a written agnomen,, for Hie term 01 aix mouths ; on Ihn 18th Instant Ile absconded Irom his service Tim de- fendant alairri hi« willingness to re turn to lils employ- ment. He was sentenced to be. imprisoned for one calendar munlh. Trrspam.-Michael Callagha* app«ared on remtnd at K«»l ilalHanri, on Tuesday, to a' awar a charge uf u ,breach ol the Bnclusi it Linds Act. by Intapatslmt on he e«tate ol John H ney Dunn. Nu further evidence waa taken. Wo reirei that the r«|.orter waa not present during an allercution which waa laid io have taken place. LAtracgrra» Vabkbt. S bit. 14.-Lanncaaton.-The Mill«. Union 1- Pir»t flour, perlón. £27; secnndsdllto, £19; bran. Is. Pa1.- whe.t bought st 8«. SI to 8«. (k1, per bushel Cataract: Pint flour, Eil per ton; seconds, £10; wheat bought at 8«. 81 uer bushel; bran, li. 9.1 Farm Producet Wheat, 8s. 3d to 8«. fld. per bushel; oat», 10«.; h»y. pressed. X11; lucie, £8 perlón; hurley, Cape, 8«. O', to9«.; English, 9a, In 10« (none); pot*« toe«, £10 Ills, to £11 per ton onion«, £2,1 per Ion. Mamona.«-» Minim, Saw. l8.-W« cannot l**rn that atiy extensive speculative purchase* 01 fluir have taken place since the receipt of the Intelligence frnm Adelaide, respecting the shipment of large parcels Irom that port to Cslcutta and Singapore. The market I«, however, somewhat firmer, and the small aalaa uf Ans Adelaide that have been made have brought frnm £91 to £24 10s, Whral la aelliug at 9s. fld. to Ps. 9d. Urta na* arivarfced lo price* ramiine from «a. to 'J«. 31., and many holders are demanding 3«. 0-1. The snick of colo- nial oils In this city I* very meagre, and nur quotations of 10a. öd. lo II». 6d aro therafure allson nominal. Scotch are worth Irom 7a Od. to 81.; Irish, 8s, 6d. to8s. 9.1.; maize, IO«, to 10a. 91. 