JOTTINGS ON ASTRONOMY. To the Editor of the Sydney Morning Herald.^ SIR,--Your correspondent, J. M., having terminated his "Dottings on Astronomy," allow me the privilege of a few words on the same subject. For obvious reasons, my remarks will not be so severely scientific as the valuable communications of your former correspondent; but if necessity imposes a less ambitious, and more colloquial style,--if my astro- nomical nomenclature is penurious, still, as I have not ventured to deal with the more profound arcana of the science, homespun may probably be tolerated. I may likewise be permitted to preface that, influenced by the consideration that Astronomy is an exact science, I have squared my communication on the most rigidly stringent principles, so that you will have no difficulty in recognising a truly veracious chronicle. Indeed, this is so patent and transparent as to render the reference to it a superfluity. Prior to the appearance of the "Dottings," my ac- quaintance with Siderial phenomena was exceedingly limited, nor was I particularly solicitous to extend it; but having in an unoccupied moment ventured to read one of these interesting papers, and noticed that the sailing directions were plain and simple, I committed myself to their guidance, and encountered no sort of difficulty in finding out the illustrious parties to whom the letters of introduction were addressed. Accustomed to, and fond of, the equine family below, my first efforts were directed to the discovery of their distinguished representative above, and, strange to say, I arrived at the celestial stables at the same time that the far-famed poet laureate of the "Streams" made his appearance there also. From this gentleman I learnt that Pegasus was intolerant of all riders save and except genuine poets, a piece of in- formation that tended in no wise to diminish the tre- pidation induced by the novel equitation that I was about to adventure. But, at any rate, I should have the benefit of the laureate's example. He was anxious, he said, for a canter, and, as I had readily conceded the precedence to him, he lost no time in mounting the winged steed. But, alas! how often does pride go before destruction--a haughty spirit precede a fall? The laureate was not sooner on than he was off--unshipped in a twinkling, a spectacle to men and angels, and celestial equerries. Strange as it may appear, the discomfiture of the spilled laureate rather encouraged me than otherwise, to venture the same experiment. At the worst, I could but be unhorsed as he was; I might possibly retain my seat; and sustained by ambition, and the ghost of half a hope, I adventurously backed the celestial highflier. A few moments of fearful suspense succeeded; still, contrary to my apprehensions, I re- tained the pigskin; and at length Pegasus began to paw, he snorted, he expanded his nostrils and his wings, and with an elastic bound, unknown to terrestrial horse- flesh, we boldly plunged into the boundless ethereal, cutting it with a velocity far transcending the conception of mortal imagination. To say that we flew on the wings of the wind, would be to enlist a metaphor utterly unworthy of the occasion. Our speed might have excited the envy of greased light- ning; and I was only induced to check the glorious career of the immortal course by the consideration that I might peradventure urge him into an aberration that would seriously compromise the calculations of the philosophers below. On my return I found the laureate grievously out of temper, bilious as an East Indian nabob, and, besides cheapening poetic criticism in nubibus, he was rashly inveighing against men and gods, and his own ill-luck into the bargain. He complained that the equerries, in my absence, had so far insulted him as to offer, seeing that he could not have Pegasus, the younger steed Equuleus, which though not volant like Pegasus, was still a genuine thoroughbred, and a respectable nag of his age. "But, Sir," said the en- raged bard, "I spurned the offer with the contempt it deserved." Under the circumstances, it was scarcely to be ex- pected that I should very profoundly sympathise with the plucked poet. I, at any rate, differ from him with regard to the test applied for the discovery of the poet of the true grit. I am perfectly satisfied that it is a correct one, and it has so far influenced me as to have decided my course with respect to my published epic in ten books of ninety-nine cantos each, of which the world will probably hear more very shortly. [P. D. begs to state that in the manuscript there appears, in a different handwriting, the following inter- lineation, signed "Robert J."--"The world may hear instanter that the said epic, without exception, is the veriest, unmitigated rubbish ever perpetrated.] In recounting my adventure the same evening to my family, I incidentally mentioned that I had arranged with the superintendent of the Celestial Mews to give Pegasus another airing on the following day, when my eldest son Robert, who is a peripatetic fishmonger, said, he was very glad to hear it, for he thought as that was the case, he could put fifty pounds into my pocket. It appears that Bob, supplying the family with whiting and schnapper, had learnt, from a member of the Pilot and Navigation Board that somehow or other one of the Pleiades was lost, and the Board, having made this cluster the basis of some elaborate calculations relating to the true position of the new light for the South Reef, had offered fifty pounds to any one who should succeed in finding it, the Board having found it, though lost, to be a sine qua non. Now, as it was very obvious to me that imperfect data could only be productive of an unsatisfactory conclu- sion, I placed implicit confidence in Bob's informa- tion, and determined on the morrow to pay a visit to the luminaries in question. It is true, said Bob, it is a long pull; but then, both you and your nag can get a tightener at the Bull's Head, and I have no doubt that the landlord, Aldebaran, can supply the information required, as the Pleiades are intimate connexions of his. I am far, however, from saying that they are Lushingtons, but they are a pretty numerous family, and some of them are sure to be found in the neighbourhood of the old House. As a family they are as ancient as they are numerous, and as respectable as they are either, having received honorable mention from the author of the Book of Job, a book, by the way, containing as genuine poetry as any to be found in Homer or Milton, and almost equal to those celebrated Murmurs that ought to have been groaned by either Dalley or Deniehy, with all the emphasis of a double-actioned hurdy- gurdy. Early the next morning, as arranged, I was on my way to pay my respects to Aldebaran, but am sorry to say my journey proved a bootless one. The lost Pleiad had been seduced from the path of duty by some vagabond comet, but whither the abandoned pair had gone, none could say. By mistake we had approached Sirius too nearly for the good of our health, and from his too ardent beams, had suffered intensely. Pegasus was fairly blown, and I reached home baffled, none the richer, and ex- hausted. I am aware that it is most unreasonable, still I am conscious of something like hostility against that star of stars, the blazing Sirius. I love "the merry, merry sunshine," as well as the source of it, the Sun him- self; and although Sirius has not altogether taken the shine out of the Sun, still my favourite has been so decidedly dwarfed by the Dog Star that, as a friend of the former, I cannot avoid the sensation of something like mortification. Divide the sun into three equal pieces (sooner said than done, I am aware), and in each of those pieces you have the measure of the space between the moon and this earth, namely, two hundred thousand miles. I adopt this mode as rather a more imposing way of putting it, to state that the sun is a globe with a diameter of six hundred thousand miles. Now, Sir, I am sure you will agree with me, that this inference is inevitable, namely, that the sun is by far too large for a cricket ball. My own private opinion is, that the sun is large enough for anything. What, then, shall be said of Sirius, who has the assurance to exhibit himself fourteen times larger than the sun. In Sirius, Sir, I have the honour to present you with a bolus that defies deglutition, either real or imaginary. Never, Sir, did I venture any statement with more confidence than the last, and was therefore never more surprised to find it stoutly controverted, but so it was. My son, that had the assurance to tell me that he knew a man that could swallow Sirius with the greatest fa- cility. "Don't be absurd, Bob," said I. "I don't in- tend to be," said he. "But you know Jem Bunks?" "I have not the honour of his acquaintance." "You know him well enough; the same man that went snacks with me last week in a keg of red-herrings. Well, Sir, that man bolted and believed every word of Mr. Parkes's speech at Parramatta, with all its fudge, and bunkum, and self-sacrifice, and grimace." "What, all, and without coughing?" "Believe me, Sir, it slipped down as if his precious gu!let had been lubricated for the nonce with a yard-and-a-half of Glenlee butter." "And will you venture to assert, Bob, that it did not make his eyes watsr?" "On the honour of a gentleman-- may I never cry fish again, if he did not bolt it all, altar and all, red hot from the sacrifice, without ex- hibiting the slightest symptom of lachxymosity in either peeper." "Bob, you astonish me!" I exclaimed. "A man that could swallow that could not only dispose of Sirius, but the sun to boot; could do anything-- could jump down his own throat and swallow himself. This astounding discovery dissipated my philo- sophy, and thus terminated "flyghte" the first. There is a dozen of them, thirteen to the dozen. Spare me, Mr. Editor, the sad experience of the Sybil, and save my offspring from cremation. W. J. Prince-street, 26th December. 