HOME SENATORS. ST A LITERARY VAGABOND. U. LORD JOHN RUSSELL. A LITTLE raffish old man, with a large head and a groom's waistcoat a face looking-since that Vienna affair as sallow and hungry as if it had been bathed in camomile tea ; a nose just a little peaked, in con Xnce (such are the workings of poetical justice !) quent plagiarism from Brougham ; a tuft of thin brown hair brushed up behind the ears; a bald circle at the top of the head, centred with a small mound of skull which phrenologists will tell you is "No 10," Or the organ of self- conceit ; a stretch, yet undecided and shuffling gait ; a yellow, jaundiced looking walking-stick, purchased from the old man at the foot of Westminster Bridge-these, taken collectively, form a fair outline sketch of that most notable of modern Whig potentates, Lord John Russell. The " filling in" of the picture is easy enough. The Shrews are curved and shaggy,, like Acquaviva's ; e mouth is hard and severe ; the forehead broad, wrinkled, and high the lower part of the face massive and heavy, but the chin spiritually delicate and re- fined. On great nights there is a slight flush on the cheeks, but generally the face is cold, stolid, and unim pressible. j Coming to the fig leaves of the man, his coat is usually a black frock, but on occasion that gives place to a snuff colour and brass buttons. His hat is, in winter, a broad-brimmed, low-crowned beaver in summer, a white felt of similar sinister cat. As he sits among the Bedford men on the second or third bemm, he has a trick of calling the brim of his castor over his eyes, as if he felt thoroughly ashamed of himself; and when he rises to reply to a question or make a brief speech, he holds his hat lightly between the thumb and forefinger, and pushes it backwards and forwards like an>easiem noble soliciting backwash. The waistcoat I have mentioned in a study. Herr Teufelsdrockh would have given a special chapter to it in his great Work on Clothes. It is a long affair with yellow strip s running up it, and huge flags falling over the pockets. When his lordship has been playing the rogue, by turning Queen's evidence on his colleagues, rifling private letters, telling lies about post Newcastle, or doing something equally amiable and characteristic, there is not a finer specimen of your " first robber " on the London boards. He goes «dinkingaboutthelobañMÚi amostWeraer-like manner; knocks his little cane on the tesselated pavement, like one searching for the grave of a murdered reputation ; keeps his vest buttoned up to the throat like his jolly antithesis Bob Nichols. ; dons the old snuff colour and buttons and allows the brim of his hat to slouch down to the very peak of his nose. Surely, as Horace says: KU at Yarra st bartels opus ess collared. On these occasions, however, there is an affected air of shabbiness and neglect about the old fellow which is villanous in the extreme. One feels he is dressed for a part, sad is only waiting his cue to enact it. The drapery is as full of mischief and under purpose as the Coan robe-and as easily seen through J The brass buttons stand fornunkeyism : the vest means jockey ism. Goethe understood this kind of thing well when he made his police fiend sing, in the cellar at Leipzig. that the man aiming to ne minister should study the set«f hats breeches. Lord John, as a speaker, is a magnficent failure, He is well examined, has a broad field of illustration and more than average imaginative powers. With some men tSésejgîfis would be priceless, ' but with his lordship all ornamentation seems rather in the way like a ring in thsrsose ! His natural cunning keeps him from making use of his highest abilities except on the rarest occasions. Then, despite his burbling styled affected delivery, he manages to soar into something like eloquence, and to impress the chamber with his dignity and importance. A fine natural image clear, sharp, and well- defined will flash from him at unawares, and-dazzle his hearers with its appositeness and brilliancy. A noble sentiment - spoken with warmth and enthusiasm will kindle a long train of phrases, and fire the cautious politician- into the orator and poet Putting his right hand across his back fora support, and clenching the muscles of his left * array the bijou statesman will, on these exceptional occasions, speak with a stateliness and ability sufficient to carry away dresses placid member in the House. His orthodox, however, is absolutely procreation. " I feel Meegan, as State member of her Majesty's Guvvea ment," says his lordship, swelling out his bosom, and raising his voice to the treble pitch, I feel obliged' to deny that I was, at Vienna, the Minister of France, £ or the Manager of Russia : I was heart and soul then Manager of England." And here I would remark, as. a consolation to our own country members, that when Lord John in excited there is scarcely a leading word in his sentences correctly enunciated. When the spell is on him, tke-erthogrephy is forsworn. (This stricture is not intended to apply to his courtly " obliged " and nice words of that character, but to us quantities, aspirations, and elocution throughout. The Manchester mob, «tftbrtheir infernal "sheoak," scarcely 'talk worse. As a debater, apart from the mere speaker, Lord John ranks high, (fie has fob analytical powers and good logical espaoitifer. He possesses, top, a stereo people faculty of trotting the edges and points of his arguments, in t_e«_ton*est possible relief, and of conveying the idea of-order, unity, and concentration. Moreover, he has the knack" of throwing away the (fluff of an argument and dealing solely with tangible- ties. Here, however,>hw merits stop. He has out a poor idea of colors, or indeed, of any of the purely aesthetical qualifications of the orator. When he says a good or a free thing it is more by accident than effort. He has too much respect for boundary to fly high and prefers a curvilinear motion to the straight line. He may mature to speak well now and then, but like the vegetable caterpillar-he bores a less way in the dirt before he puts forth a flower. ' THE style of oratory reminds me of a boar hunt by torchlight. Carefully, steadily be trots on, Putting aside the foliage which encumbers his path and keep ing the head of his Pegasus tightly held in by the rest. Presently he comes out into a fresh wood opening and, pricks his steed to a canter. Torches now flash at his side and tempt the barb to a gallop. The dark roadway is sprinkled with ashes, like the blood of red demon the turn, and the scene begins to grow glorious. His brother huntsmen cheer, and " tally-ho" rings in the distance. On he scours and sends, a blazing torch in his bonnet, and his spear poised well in mid-air She white tusks of the boar gleam in sight, and one. prompt blow will destroy it. But the pluck of the huntsman has fled, and he wheels his horse round to the rearward. In trying to strike from behind, he widely misses his mark, shakes', about in his saddle, puts out the link in his fillet, and finds himself lodged in bramble with the dusk of the body is his small clothes Who ever heard Lord John speak without feeling that, had he allowed his impulse to carry him straight on, in that path lighted by the>st_1-living ashes of those fires kindled at the outset of his career, the word "reform," which, like a torch, has been for twenty years burning in his bonnet-the most glorious trophies might have been acquired ? That serpentine craftiness of character, however, which has always led him to try to finish an opponent from behind, has separated him from his friends, diverted his arm, and finally, suited in his politics! vaccination. Palmerston knew his man well when he packed him off to Vienna. Lord John had just turned traitor on the Aberdeen Administration and, doubtless, be nsw Premier felt assured that so long as the sharpest remained in the House, the existence of the new Government or rather the new combination of the old Government would not be worth an hour's purchase. Pam. accordingly gave him a good retinue, and packed him off to Vienna. Now, a conspirator less vain of perfection in his craft would have been chary of leaving the grand arena of action. His lord- ship's plots, were pretty sure to hatch well in St. Stephens', and even if added, he could certainly not stand lower in the estimation of the country. He buttoned up his vest, however-told Mr. Merivale that the colonies might go to Topher and, one bright, breezy morning, jogged out of London. The ghost of his departed reputation went with him, and, as every one knows, was lost in the Danube. He no sooner arrived at Vienna than Count Buol played the very devil with him. From the first day of his sojourn, his letters J home were full of contradictory proposals and flagrant inconsistencies. An under current of pacific twaddle, however, dribbled through them all. At length, after woefully failing in everything that was expected of him, he gave up his hotel, packed up his papers, kissed the pallid fingers of the Emperor of Austria, and turned his head towards Chesham-place. He had not been in the House many days when Pam. put up one of the Government hacks (I think it was Collier) to ask if the letters which had passed between the unsuccessful Negotiator and the Government could be laid upon the table ? " Certainly not," said Pam., with well affected bluster ; as. they are strictly private." (Graham blushed !) Now this reply, unimportant as it seems, settled Lord John. Disraeli, finding a reluctance on the part of the Government to produce the correspondence, taunted the Premier night after night on the subject, and at last went so far as to hint at im- peachment. This was what Psm. desired. After a little bit of fine histrionic display, in the course of which he expressed his reluctance to "con cede to the request, the papers-were produced. It was the old story engendered : - A little still to strove, and mnchrepented, . And whispering, " I will ne'er consent, consented I With the production of the correspondence. Lord John's degradation was complete. The man who had turned his back on his confederates in an hour of danger, on the plea of their want of vigour in carrying on the war, was found to have chiefly spent his time at Vienna in advising their successors to patch up the quarrel in the flimsiest.looset, and most dishonourable manner. I have often wondered if Disraeli saw through Palmerstons trick, when he persisted in pressing the papers. If he did, his long pent-up hatred of Russell was at last appeased. Lord John in every Other line of life but politics has remained among the third-rates. There has been no Bedford clique In literature to saddle his jargon, and canvass for second editions. As a dramatist he was damned the first night, even the Trans- ponting gods refusing to support him 5 as an historian he has never commanded a hearing and as a biographer he has only been successful in reducing the chant' ter of his warmest friend from Poet and Patriot to Mayfair Cad and professional Diner Out. His lordship now takes the same third rank in politics. Henceforward he is simply tertiary quid; and not all the blood of all the Bedford's can better his position. The veteran campaigner has been drummed out of his regiment with the Conference Papers pinned to his skirt in front of the Durham Letter. He may trot himself out at Exeter Hall to all, eternity, but he is doomed to the snuff colour and, second bench for the rest of his existence. When he sees again lecture to the Ynnng-Hen-Christians I would suggest that the discourse be on that diplomatist, Human, who built a toll gallows for another and, under the Mordecai Administration, swung as it himself ELECTRIC TBLEQBATH.-Several active hands are now at work on the line between Launceston and Hobart Town. The posts are up from town to beyond the toll- gate, and the sales for receiving them are prepared to Kerry Lodge Bridge. The posts are laid s along the road for that distance. The wire will cross the road in some places to avoid obstructions and other dangers.. Some Aimculty is experienced in getting poles. They will have to be carted from the banks of the Tamar to Ross Launceston Examiner, January 20. THE BUDGET ASAN. In that small -but intensely interesting volume the Memorials of Captain Vicars, it is related of an Irishman in the Sebastopol trenches, that when a shell passed close to him he dropped down on his back screaming aloud for a doctor, as he was "kilt entirely." The surgeon of the regiment ran up and asked where he had been hit, and the reply was characteristic: " Och, och, doctor, came through the blanket." This is just the fate of the Finance Minister. Mr. 'Chapman has been hit " clane through" the Budget. He is unharmed personally and officially; the bullet has penetrated his project, and that is all. We have no doubt that with a design, to test public opinion on the subject of making the year yield the annual supply, he devised h scheme so that all might be touched and each be enlisted on his side to reduce the extravagant expenditure. He will be satisfied with the resolve of the Parliament, and that will be a loan to be expunged as soon as possible by economy. Wtftfear the Prime Minister hesitates when he ought to be uncompromising and firm in the matter of retrenchment. Things can never go smooth with such outrageous departments in number and staff as now exist. Every one employed in the public service ought to be well paid, but they should also do ample work, and adequate remuneration is sure to secure this. When the Government of Victoria got into difficulties, and found itself encumbered with a swarm of unnecessary officials, it dismissed every supernumerary in the most summary manner. It virtnaSly said-We should like to pension and provide for you for life, but we cannot afford it here as six months: pay in advance that will save you from starvation. And before the term ex- ' pired the majority of the ejected occupied a better position than they did before. They found speedily occupation in a private enterprise-remunerative to themselves, and beneficial to society. Notwithstand- ing Mr. Crooke**-strong language there exists no desire to displace the present -Ministry. They possess the confidence of the public, and it will be their own blame If they forfeit the trust reposed in them. No other imaginable combina could so well discharge the duties of their office and with equal integrity. One thing is demanded, and only one, at this crisis, and that is the appointment of a -competent and properly' K qualified commission, to examine the existing depart- ements. Nothing can be more simple than to nominate, three gentlemen outside the legislature to investigate the administrative part of the Government. This, would conciliate the people. The first should be a lawyer accustomed to elicit and balance evidence t She next should be conversant with mercantile affairs, and able to discriminate what the actual week's and the third should be one well .aoo.uaintod>with the interior of departments, but who has ceased to have any interest in their operations. The commissioners ought to be remunerated for their services to the extent at least to save them from positive loss, as an Victoria, while engaged in the public service. They should have ample powers conferred to command evidence, and the commission should embrace authority to recommend an al eration of the law wherever it was considered needful. Unless a radical reform beintro dosed this colony will go back and back until absolute necessity, by its inexorable logic, compel a change salutary it may be, but terribly unpleasant- Launceston Examiner. OatS ARE OF THE CARR-The Estimates for the Harbour Master's department have at length been brought before the House and passed-not without some remarks on the requirements of the port, but without any attempt being made to supply them, if we except the remarks made by Mr. Jones, Mr. Nichols, Mr. Piddington, and Mr. Egan. On the question of a steam-tug for this port, these remarks are more than counterbalanced by the reply of Mr. Donaldson, under whose supervision this branch of the Government is placed : he is, reported to have said " that the late wrecks had been the subject of very serious consideration and enquiry by the present Government ; they had sent to the locality to make inquiry, and. the report furnished which he admitted came A to no satisfactory conclusion would be laid before the House. As regards a tug-boat, he had never heard of any government keeping a tug-boat for the (purpose of towing vessels into port." At the same time stating that he was assured no tug-boat in the world could have saved any of the vessels recently wrecked ; but if it had gone out into the open seaway it also, as well as the vessels, would inevitably have been lost. With regard to the fact that the report j alluded to came to so satisfactory conclusion, we must I say that; we should have been much astonished if it had, seeing that the subject of the report was in itself a most unsatisfactory one if it alluded to the late wrecks;. But with regard to the statement that a steam-tug could not have saved any of the vessels, but would have been lost herself An attempting it, we must most decidedly differ from so absurd a view of the case ; for, if there had been a steam-tug, both the Storm King and Rover could easily have been brought in, without the slightest risk of and the Eleanor Lancaster would not, in all probability, have gone to see that day-for it is a well-understood thing that the captain went to sea during the southerly wind from a knowledge that he could not get out of the harbour I with c north-eastern ; whereas, if a 44% was to be had, he could have gone out when he liked. But the absurdity does not stop here for why argue the question from an exception It is well known, and even the Government must be aware, from numerous memorials and other information, independent of the Press, that constant loss of time occurs to vessels, especially to large ones, from the want of such convenience. Indeed the risk to such vessels is so great that not only is the rate of insurance higher here than most other parts, but one office has refused to insure at all for this port. The reduction of the salaries of the pilots also seems to us very poor economy, even if it were just-for these men are employed in most arduous and dangerous service living in a more costly place than Sydney, and yet the harbour pilots in Sydney, who have not half the work and none of the danger, receive almost double the pay. The same feature may be observed in all the Estimates alluded to, and makes as think of the proverb " out of sight out of mind." If the Ministry is really ignorant of the' importance of this port, and the neglected state of its interests, let it appoint a commission to take evidence on these subjects, and we will pledge our credit that a larger share of the cake will be awarded to the necessities of this port. As the case stands at present, Newcastle has neither the justice usually attributed to Englishmen, nor the ordinary attention to its interests that we are satisfied it deserves. We hope Mr. Nichols will, as he is reported to have promised to do, put on the paper a notice for an address to the Government to place a sum of £5000 on the Supplementary Estimates, or such amount as might be necessary, to purchase a tug-boat for the harbour of Newcastle Newcastle Telegraph. 