0 )R1UJPTJON BY ARISTOCRATIC INFLUENCE. The Times of the 29th March, thus com ments upon the self-proclaimed patriotism nt* a well-known member of Parliament : — ' Who ever heard of such a thing as a nmn's virtue ? says Lady Booby, in Kield inij's novel. Really, when we read the liiud-inouthed proclamations of their own ?ipotleiis integrity which tho Brutusee and Cussiuses of Parliamentary life are iu the habit of dealing forth to their admirers just lion* — in electioneering times — we cannot help thinking of her ladyship. The most notorious Joseph Andrews of the time is perhnps Mr. \V. Williams, the ex-member fur Lambelh. The efforts which this gen tleman has made to maintain his virtus nmid manifold temptations are really in credible. Invitations to Royal balls, invi tations to aristocratic assmblies, the blandishments of beauty, and the cnjolpries of coxcomb*, leave him as they fiud him — patriotic, calm, stern, but yet lovely iu his strength, ' as is the light of a dark eye in a woman.' A dead set has been made at tlio honourable gentleman, as we learn from the speech which he addressed to the electors of Lambeth on Tuesday last. The Queen has been quite ' put out' that Mr. W. Williams would not countenance her little parties at the Palace. The myste rious coteries in the back-parlour of Ches ham place have been imperfect because he was not there. Many a Duchess would have asked no better than to have the company of Mr. W. Williams in a tea green brougham The man might soften, indeed, but the M.P. was resolved. When he thought of the extension of the suffrage ho spurned the flowery chains which the hands of aristocratic beauty had woven for his manly limbs. To him the ballot was more than the bluest eye. The cry of his huugry constituents for electoral districts stopped his ears against the meretricious swell of the venal music which timed the unpatriotic quiverings of the marble limbs of Mayfair. Well, after all, it is some thing to find a Cincinuutus or an Andrew Murvell in these days of jobbery, and Rcyal British Banks, and general bribery and corruption. We have him, however, in the pernon of Mr. W. Williams. The thirst of Diogenes' ghost is slaked at last. We learn, from his own lips at least, that he has resisted all corruption, all tempta tion — of intimidation we speak not, for jlearlv BoTeas would have no chanco j igainst tbe ex-member for Lambeth. ) Everything that can flatter tbe iuiagina- i ;ion, gratify the senses, or pander to the i passions of a human being hus been offered :o this upright man, and offered in vain. It may be true thut with advancing years bis more vulgar and ordinary appetencies nay have been gratified and palled ; but, surely, in mist of us ambition survives, j Now, Mr. W. Williams tells us that when j -ho rulers of the British Empire found him -, impervious to temptation in every other ibrin they touched this string, and with no iindexMerouts hand. What we are about to relate actually occurred to Mr. W. Wil liams in the course of his Parliamentary career. A whipper-in, n gentleman who bad the dispensation of 20,000 places, buttonholed him upon one occasion, and addressed the worthy M.P. in tbe follow ing terms : — 'What a uiUfoitune it is you are always so cross with us ; we don't c;ire about the Tory party denouncing us, but it is most unpleasant to see you, a Liberal, and a supporter of Government in a great number of instances, finding f;iult with us, and exposing us in all torto of wayn. You don't cant a plat* or money, but I should like very much to make friends with you. What would be agreeable to you ? Would you like hon ours — a title f' Positively our friend Wil liam Williams, of Lambeth— the Williams — adapted as he is by nature to grace any station, bas refused a peerage for h s Coun try 'a good! We are curioux to know the exact titlf which was offend to him. Did Mr. W. Williams notice the exact condi tion of the « nipper's iu check at the time this offer was made? Might not that functionary's left eye have been uoiiced by any more acute observer to have assumed at tho time au abnormal appearance ? Fi nally, at what hour was the offer named P — was it inter pocula, or otherwise? There were not above 20 persons of much note in tbe last Parliament — we mean men who by their eloquence and by their intelligence could influence a debate. Of these gO persons how many were there who would not as a matter of course, and quite independently of any line they might have taken in politics, have received these fascinating invitations P Shall we say five — three— two ? Let the President of the sternest Radical Assembly in the ciuntry seriously couuider with himsell whether, had he been prime Minister of these realms j he would have thought it worth his while to drag his own name and his wife's name through the mud, in order to secure the adhesion of any one of this select bund of patriots ? Where, in our day is the Pitt P — where is the terrible Commoner P Where is the Mirabeau, the profligate, but glo rious, young noble — the Catiline of elo quence, whose support would have been worth purchasing at the prioe of self degre dation I Our own belief in the matter U that any hitherto unknown man who makes n considerable figure in the Houee ot Commons will naturally find himself the object of social consideration, and will be invited to the houses of the more consider able people in London, perhaps to a some what greater degree than a distinguished literary or scientific man, because his hosts are tbomsolveB intent upon political dis cussion. That the Queen of Great Britain, or that Lord Palmerston or Lord D.;rby is in such matters the slave of tbe du'isipn list, or that our needy patriots are assailed witU aristocratic blandishments, or tl »t Mr. W. Williams has been offered a liile and bas rejected it, we do not for a moment believe. He and men like him sit and drenra of such things, as young Imlies of forty see a Don Juan in every nmfimboy who passes along Obelisk cres cent about half-paBt four on an evening of November. 