THE CASE OF MR. G.[J] D. LANG. To the Editor 0f the Empire. Sir-I shall feel greatly obliged by your allowing me a corner of your paper to inform those of your numerous and intelligent renders who take an interest in my affairs, and especially in tho object of my present visit to this colony, that teho Select Committee of the Legisla tive Assembly of Viotoria in my son's case is progres sing as favourably, for the result I desire and anticipate, as could possibly be expected under existing circum stances here. For the number of the Select Committee of the Victorian Assembly is very great, and the busi ness perfectly overwhelming for tho members of these committees ; insomuch that some of them have never beon able to get a meeting at all, and I have only to be thankful that we have succeeded in getting so many that one of the members of the committeó in my son'i case is of opinion that the inquiry will terminate this week, although I scarcely think so myself. . In these circumstances, as my stay here has neces sarily been protracted greatly beyond the utmost period of absenoe which I anticipated on leaving Sydney, and as I shall be obliged-to stay here a few weeks longer till the case in which I am interested is finally con cludedm I havo succeeded in negotiating an exchange for my pulpit for the next three Sabbaths with the Rev. John Reid, of Melbourne, who accordingly pro- ceeds to Sydney with this view per the City of Sydney. For although I have been exceedingly indebted to those clerical friends and brethren who have hitherto so kindly supplied my place during my long absence, I cannot press upon them further for the present, and I am, therefore, glad to avail myself of the opportunity which a temporary exchange with Mr. Reid has thus offered me. In thus alluding to this gentleman, I shall take the liberty to mention one or two circumstances in his past colonial history which I conceive will not be unin- teresting to the friends of religious, liberty, in' New South Wales. Mr. Reid arrived in this colony about four years ago, as a regularly ordained minister of the Churoh of Sootland ; having previously been for some time settled as the minister of tho old original Scots' Church in Liverpool, in which I had ofliciated myself for a short time before coming out to New South Wales, in the years 1821 and 1822. Mr. Reid met with a cordial reception, from the Christian people of his communion on his arrival in Melbourne, and would have been settled at once in this city with great acccptanoe. But ha had unfortunately two great failings which militated against his minis- terial success, and excited tho ill-will and ill-concealed hostility of certain of his clerical brethren in this pro- vince, whose influence was paramount and irresislible in the ecclesiastical body to which they both belonged. In the first placo he was a much better preaoher than any of themselves, and this is always an unpardonable offwnco with those scarecrow ministers, of whom we had unfortunately so many in the olden time in those colonies, and who, when they find an abler and better man than themselves coming into their neighbourhood, uniformly address him ns Molière's hero does what he fancies to be a ghost approaching him, " No nearer, pray ! No nearer, pray!" In the second place, Mr. Reid was so far left to himself as to give expression to certain heretical and intolerable opinions on tho con- nection of Church and State; hinting that, in his opinion, forsooth ! State-pay was unnecessary in these colonies, and actually declining eventually to receive any himself. Of course such opinions and practices were intoler ablo in certain quarters, from the implied censure they cast upon the recipients of State pay, and from the bad example they set to weak brethren; meetings of the Holy Office were accordingly hold on the subject, and agreeably to the regular tactics of the Inquisition in the case of heretics, trumpery charges of the most vexatious character and utterly unfounded, were preferred against Mr. Reid, till he was obliged, with the concurrence of his friends and congregation, to leave the whole rotten con cern altogether, just as I had had to do in Sydney, in somewhat similar circumstances, fifteen years ago, this month.* In such circumstances I havo no doubt it will be gratifying to many friends of religious liberty in Sydney, besides my congregation, to have an opportunity of seeing and hearing a minister of religion who has had to pass through a somewhat similar ordeal in these colonies with myself. I am, Sir, yours, &c.;, JOHN DUNMORE LANG. Melbourne, 23rd February, 1857. P.S.-I thought it quite unnecessary to trouble you with a reply, during my absence, to the communication of tho "Muddyheaded Celt" of Maitland. I shall square accounts with him (D.V.) on my return to Sydney.--J. D. L. * It is somewhat remarkable that the leader of the unworthy and discreditable coalition against the Rev. Mr. Reid was precisely the same person who had acted in precisely the same caacity in my own case in tho year 1842 - I mean the Rev. Irving Hetherington, of Melbourne, then of Patricks Plains, in New South Wales. 