MIQRMjON CON FJERNCE -IN LON DON.,, This interesting sect held.its sixth annual conference at the Adelaide Gallery, Strand, on Stihdny, iunder the presidency ol Apostle Orson Piatt and Apostle Ezra Benson, About .600 persons were present in the mornir.'g, about 1,000 in thq afternoon, and upwards of that.number.in the evening. Mlost of thdse persons looked like Latter day Baiuts.. . The proceedings were con ducted m an orderly manner, and consisted chiefly of addresses. Brother Pratt described in forcible !an gunge the scripitral claims of Mormonism. Delegates were present from diffdrent parts of the country. From the statement of Pastor Rose, the representaitive of London, it appeared that £1,200 had. been subscribed during the past year for emigration ard other' pur poses. lThe exertions of.the priesthood in, the good .work had been universally re ceived and accepted. Preaching in the streets, lanes, and other places, had been revived, and where there had been opposi tion great wisd m had been evidenced. The *President of the Kent Conference said .they had had very pleasant times. Hle looked upon the saints there, who mumbered 550, . as a " first-class lot of people, as they supported thirteen eolders, and also, paid their tithing," and approved all the elders proposed. They had also to bear their share of opposition, but they had felt the battnr for it. The President: from Essex said le had re-briptized in his district 241 out of 374. The people were first rate in the work, and willing, to pay their tithes and offerings; the Lord had been with them this year more 'than "ver. Th'le President from Reading was happy to bie present, surriounllded as he wis by the saints and servants of the Great God. In his district (a poor rgriculteral one), out of 800 or 400 saints, there were 150 who were good fot noting. . Of the reumiaii.g 250, the greater l.ortion lived or rather vegetated on parish ellowance. They had subscribed £50 during the past year to the eniigratin fund, andl a Iarko number of them n alt emigrate during the coming season. A pastor from Sol;thampton and Dor ). setshire complained of the want of honesty " on the part of the ledrned editors." Not long. since the papets teemed ivith accounts of the vicious character of their elders-of their 'oing everytlhing unbecoming a man, much less a saint, circulated by Judge Drummond. It l:ad teen proved by the American papers .that Judge Diluwtnond led invented his stories to injure the Latter-day Saints, and to bring them into collision with the United States govern. Inent. The Sheffield delegate (a gentleman from Utah) said the saints in his district were inot rich, "but good looking," ns' they enjr'yed the si' irit cf the Lord, which made them look and feel well. lie himnself had been Inptised and redeived the Holy Ghost by hlayii on 61 hands. 11 conjured his hearers to become Mormons, and forsake their sins. They were, he said, the most tomperata people in the world. Just go into the houses. Where were their pipes ? They had thrown them away. Where were their tea pots ? They had no use for them. He declared that Joe Smith had done more good than any man since our Saviour, and that Brigham Young 'was a great and mighty prop het and father in Israel. The proceedings of the afternoon were varied by innocent refreshments, such as ginger beer and other cooling drinks. Hero and there might be noticed affec tionate couples with theit arms round each Sother's waists. In the course of the evening,, a rapid re view of the origin and history of Mormon ism down to the present time, was given by Mr. Orson Pratt. Collections were made after each service. The Conferesae was brought to a close on Monday evening by a social meeting at the Teetotal Hall, Broadway, Westmin ster, The proceedings were certainly of such a chqracter as were naver witnessed in a "conference" before. At the outset,, the assemblage engaged in singing, in a ioud strain, one of their favourite hymns, led by Elder Barnard, to the tune of the " Low-backed Car." The purport of this song was the long looked-for day when they would all get to Z;on (Utah.) ,Brother Silver, one of the elders, next obliged the company with "a little har mony," It was something about "I never knew what joy was,, Till I became a MAolon," &o..; Several songs and recitations were given. One of the Yankee eldeis, fiesh from the Salt Lake Valley, said he '"felt fust rate." He could fetch in firing, if they wanted- it;; and he calcula-ed he was always 'to. hand" when anybody was wanted to move the fixins, to bunt up the lost sleep, or to drive the oxen. When. anything of this kind was to be done, he was always at hand, to do the best he could; but he wasn't much of a hand at discoursing. Ho drew a pitiable picture of the heathenism. of this country, and gave a glowing des. cription of the enlightenment and happi ness of the sain's in Utah. . A 3~r. Harrison, who was one of the .very few Englishmen among these Mor mon prophets, next addressed the meeting. He pnrticllarly defended polygamy, be cause it reduced the marital duties tosome kind of system. Mormonism did not allow men and women to rush into matrimony without any guiding principle. Mormon ism came to them with principles adapted to every condition of a man's life; it entered into the privacy, of the chamber; controlled every action. It taught men to act as God would .have them act. This was the difference between the Mormonite polygamy and the Oriental system.. ' T'hlicongroegitidn then indulged in .a pious parady of thb'ballad "Minnie." 'As altered, it was called a'psalm. Elder George' Bird having recited a piece about the " Bishops' Banquet," apples and pears, cakes and biscuits were handed round. 'lfThse werd washed down by draughts of pump water from large jugs. Another Elder then favoured the confer ence with some more harmony about "Sleepy Parsons," the chorus to which was- I. " Heigho! you sleepy parsons !' Hi ! ha! ha! ha ! what a lark! After all your college learning Yoi will find you're in the dark." Theo very' reverend elder gave this song to the air of a nigger melody, "Oh, Su sannsh, don't you cry for me I" and he added to the effect by vigorously slapping his thighs, after the manner of the Ethio pian serenaders. (Loud applause.) SSome sisters sang. An elder, with a strong Yankee accent, advisad the sisters to sell off all their orna ments, and put the money into the emi- < gration fund, to enable ttem to " gather c out of Ilabylon ;" i.e., to leave this country for Utnh. t . The Apostle Orson Pratt then gave the sisters some advice on the subject of mar riage. He said that marriage, if celebrated by the Mormoun'hurch, extended not only till death, but throughout eternity. He urged them not to marry any men but Mormons, or when they. awoke at the Day of Judgment' they would find themselves without husbands, and be obliged to re main single throughout eternity. This F horrible eventuality he dwelt upon in a very unctuous manner. Ezra Benson, anather apostle, addressed i the audienco in his shirt sleeves. His speech was full of Yankee humour, coarse, but it told well with the saints. He aleo ; said thnt he felt "f'ust rate." Referring a to his wives and childreii whom' he had ltt t in Utoh, he said he believed all his wives t would not npostatise, and that, therefore, he would not be likely to undergo the misery ofnemnining in heaven. He des cihedt Blrigham tn oung as the best and Iholicst man in the world, and said he did not wonder at the sisters falling in love .with him. Every good man ought to have mote thann one wife. lie said he would advise the editors who abused them to consult their works, and thdy' would find everything "as right as taturs." The proceedir gs terminated shortly after ten o'clock. 