THE NEW MARRIAGE BILL. TO THE EDITOB OP THE BEOI3TBB. Sir— In his letter published in this day's Register, Mr. Arthur Blyth disclaims any ' desire to interfere in any way with the reli gious ceremony' of marriage, or 'to trench on any man a conscientious convictions on any religious question.' I propose, mainly, to en quire whether the Bill claiming his paternity does not both. - He, it appears, views marriage simply as a civil contract. As such it may, of course, be properly entered upon before a District Regis trar, and without any religious service what ever. If himself and other sympathizers with him are content to have the cohabitation of. parties so linked legalized, and the issue of such connection legitimatized, be it so. Let the conscientious convictions of each be duly re spected. But we ask does Mr. Blyth's Bill accord the like measure of respectful consideration for the feelings of those who entertain views diverse from or opposed to his own? There are thousands in this colony who conscientiously hold marriage to be a divine institution as well as a civil contract. Such believe it to be a bond ordained of God anterior to any human law — a union making the contracting parties mysteriously but virtually identical; and an obligation recog nised by the Saviour himself as being beyond the civil power to dissolve. And while enter taining these views respecting the nature of the marriage union, their convictions are equally strong as regards the mode of making and cele brating it. Their belief is that an avowed re cognition of its indissoluble obligation as a divine ordinance ; the mutual plighting of vows of constancy in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ; and the solenm invocation of the Divine benediction, are essential to the due celebration of Christian marriage. Now to all who do thus regard it, what is the Bill in question but a rude invasion of their conscien tious convictions — a wanton wounding of their tenderest feelings — a gratuitous disruption of their most hallowed associations? And yet, strangely enough, Mr. Blyth pietends that while his proposed Bill would reduce the sacred bond of marriage to a mere civil con tract, and ignore and abrogate the religious service, he desires not to assail conscientious convictions or to interfere with the religious ceremony ! ' That 'all religious bodies ought to be put ou a footing of equality as respects the celebra tion of marriages,' I readily admit. So far as 1 am aware, the Churches of England, Scot land, and Rome have never claimed in this colony exclusive privileges in this respect. The same Acts that recognised the clergy of these Churches, as empowered ex offlcio to celebrate marriages, make the same authority easily at tainable by the clergy or ministers of every other denomination. The ultimate source of authority in this colony is virtually the same ; while the clergy and the Churches before named are bound by more stringent penal ties for the due performance of their duties, being amenable as well to ecclesiastical as to statute law. Henoe, it is to be pre sumed, the ex officio privilege accorded to them. But, by all means, let all be placed on an equal footing. How, however, does Mr. Blyth propose to accomplish this object?. By a process singularly strange ; by superseding the whole clerical corps as respects legal mar riages ; by reducing them to a nullity. Such is Mr. Blyth's beautifully simple mode of putting the clergy of the several religious bodies on a looting ot equality. But the Bill in question is intended to remedy the defects in the registration of mar riages. A faithful record of marriages is, unques tionably, a matter of the highest importance, to secure which the Legislature is bound to use every means within its power. Irregula rities and negligence on the part of those autho rized to issue licences for marriages, and to celebrate and register them, ought to be visited 'with severe penalties. On this question there can be but one opinion.- Proof of marriages Tfoould be clear and indisputable as titles to property, and easily attainable at any period. \- But whence, I ask, the present alleged defects ? Is it not the duty of the Begistrar General and his deputy to demand quarterly certificates from all persons in this colony empowered to celebrate marriages, as to the number and particulars of mar riages performed by each, together with the original contracts in due * form? Does it not pertain to the duty of the clerks carefully to peruse the originals, which are required to be duly filled up by the offi ciating minister, the contracting parties, and the witnesses? How happens it that they have received and registered, as is alleged, in formal or defective returns ? Why were they not sent back to the parties concerned, and the delinquents dealt with according to law ? In formal and defective returns are no returns at all, according to the Act. If, therefore, defecUdo exist in the registration of marriages, the Re gistry department is clearly though not Bolely responsible. Let that do its duty, and irregu larity would be soon corrected. Had informal and defective returns been made to the Audit Office the offending parties would speedily have been brought to book. The member for Gumeracha, moreover, 'has long felt most strongly the necessity of amend ing the marriage Iaw3 of this provinca ; ' and he 'knows of no safeguard to prevent the marriage of any one's sons or daughters during their minority ; and wishes to provide a place where any parent or guardian may learn of the intended marriage of his son or ward.' And all this he flatters himself he has pro vided for by a notice behind the door of the Adelaide or some obscure country registry office. This is his safeguard against clandes tine and improper marriages. But does such an office even in Adelaide infallibly ensure the parties interested being apprised of the inten tions of a child or ward? Surely Mr. Blyth cannot seriously believe that an intended mar riage, unsuspected, perhaps, by the parent or guardian, could be more easily discovered by Buch a secret and silent procedure than by its publication m the presence ot a congregation. Why, I can inform him that the Registry Office in Adelaide is often resorted to on the alleged ground of the secrecy of the process. And this quiet way of doing this is to super sede the publication of banns. I am not, how ever, prepared to defend even this method as sufficient of itself in the present circumstances of the colony. I would in all cases administer an oath as to age, absence of legal impediment, and, in the case of minors, the permission of parent or guardian, requiring in addition such permission in writing duly witnessed. The best means of preventing a suspected mar riage disapproved of by parties entitled to pro hibit it is the issuing of a caveat to the several parties in the district authorized to celebrate marriages. The making of any false statement with a view to procure the celebration of a mar riage ought, in all cases, to be made perjury. ? But, Sir, I am reminded that I am trespass* ing too far upon your already crowded columns. If, however, I have, in conjunction with your self and others, helped Mr. Blyth to understand the real import of his Bill, and have further shown him the discordancy between its spirit and provisions, and the liberal sentiments he has expressed in his letter, I trust that he will be confirmed in the magnanimous resolve not to subject it to the proposal of a second reading. I am, Sir, &c.;, ANGLO-CATHOLICUS. Adelaide, July 31, 1857. 