POLICE. CITY COURT. Thursday, 13th August, 1857. Fifteen persons were fined or otherwise pu- nished for drunkenness. The following were dealt with for various minor offences :—Patrick Kierns, for creating a disturbance at the Police Court on the pre- vious day, during the examination of the Chi- nese prisoners, was fined 40s. Thomas Pursell pleaded guilty to a charge of allowing his horse and dray to run away down Elizabeth- street. Fined 20s. John Reynolds was charged with being drunk while in charge of several teams loading for the diggings. Fined 40s., or three days' imprisonment. Henry Teel was charged with taking loam from near North Melbourne without authority to do so. He had a license, and was supposed to haye been misled, but was a good dis- tance from the loam-ground. Several officers gave him a good character, and ex- ressed their conviction that he must have been misled. The Mayor therefore discharged him. Dennis Mahoney, charged with damaging Crown lands near tho Prince's Bridge, did not appear, and his bail was ordered to be for- feited. William Knowles, for having no name or residence painted on his waggon, which was loading for the diggings, was fined 40s. Timothy Clary pleaded guilty to allowing his horse to run away in La Trobo- street on tho foregoing afternoon, and was fined 40s. James Toole and Edward Toole were charged with drunkenness and fighting in a right-of way off Little Collins street. The constable , said they could got no one to fight with, and therefore commenced with one uuother. They are two brothers, and hardworking men, but unablo to resist tho influence of drink. Fined 20s. each. Thomas Fahey^ was charged with being drunk and disorderly in a boarding-house. The pro- secutor did not appear, and the prisoner was fined 10s. for drunkenness. James M'Carthy was charged by Detective Williams with being a ticket of-loavo holder out of his district. Ho was disobnrged from the Deteotivo Office on the 30th July, with a ticket-of-leave for Kyneton, but was arrested by Williams on WodneBday night in Mel- bourne, at tho corner of Russell-street and Bourke- streot. He gave the detectives a good chase before he was caught. Williams doubted whethor he had over attempted to go to his district, and said ho had behaved in ii similar manner on a previous occasion. Bcmanded to Penttidge. Edward Johnston was charged with forcibly .entering the houBO of a Mr. M'Ewan, at Col- lingwood, and with maliciously damaging property. He was found inside the housj, ' and had done a great deal of damage to the furniture, and lighted a fire with tho dtbris. It was stated to the Bench that the man was not right in his mind, and so it appeared. The Bench discharged him with a caution. John Conwick was charged with removing sand from the Collingwood Stockade and with refusing to go away when ordered. Fined 40B. ' ' ' Robert Hitclicock, for drunkenness and dis- orderly conduct, was fined 40s. i John Crouch, for drunkenness and refusing i to pay cab-hire, was fined 40s., or in default three days' imprisonment. . Patrick Mooney was charged with va- grancy. He went begging to a house. and being refused alms solemnly invoked " the curse of the Holy Ghost" on the inha- bitants. Seven shillings was found upon him, and he received a very bad character from Detective Alexander. The Mayor sen- tenced him to be imprisoned with hard labor for three months. 'Harriet Rollinson, a .young woman, was charged with attempting to ? pick pockots. .Charles Fleming''.slated, .that ho was going alone Lonsejale-streot, and Baw the prisoner 'standing against, ttioiwall with ti,man, who appeared to bo, very druuk. ? She had her hand " in his ppc_ot,"and witness and another man thought proper _ to, give her in charge. No ,money was ,found upon her; and the Bench, not thinking, the evidence sufficlenti dis- charged her with a caution. , ; I William^ Thomas, remanded on the doubla 'charge of breaking into the,cabin, of $he ..Bchooner-UWo/j, lying at the Wharf,and steal- ing a chronometer .therefrom, and also with stealing a gold watch,from-, tho bqthing [Bhip,at St. Kilda on tlw. 19th'April last, was «gain brought up, by Detective Black, Mr. B. J. Jeffrey, of Richmond, tho owner of the , watch, identified tho one produced in court BB having been steilen from him whilo bathing on tho 10th Aptil. He had left it in his waist- coat pocket, together with his clothes, on a bench. He was in company with three other gentlemen, one of whom missed all the silver J rom his pocket, as also did the prosecutor. Mr. Victor Coben, a watchmaker in Bruns wiik-stiect, Collingwood, identified the watch i»s, having been offered for salo to htm ) i tctitig, ic to bo stolen, witness iuquired of J »elective Black, and found that his supiclons i.ire correct. Tha prisoner had previously Lioiiyl.t wit/iu-H a chronometer, which the j j - ¡tin bought 'ur £0, and subsequently sold to | » pLiouu uc ina uí¿sm¿¡ fur £S. H¿ lud told the ptiboner, with regard to the watch, that I t ho would bay it if ho eonld prove to him that everything waa correct. The prisoner said h 3 } would bring some responsible parties to vouch . for him, and left the watch with witness, but never afterwards returned, and witness* handed over the watch to Black. The proprietor of .the bathing-ship at S ti i Kilda stated that he had often seen the pri { Eoner there, but waa not certain that he had i eern him on the 19tb, though he had strong Lusplcions. A great many thefts had beeu I committed from time to time, and they could not find out the perpetrators- This was the case against the prisoner with referenoo to the nvatoh. Block had traced the chronometer, to the possession of a person at Beechworth, and produced it in court. The captain of the Albion is at present at Sydney, but has seen the chronometer and identified it. The Bench committed the prisoner 'on charge of stealing the watch, and he will be brought up on remand warrant at a subse- quent day, to answer to that of having stolen thechronome'er. i Matthew M'Grath, Joseph Taylor, and John ' O'Kcefexfeto brought up on remand, charged, the two former, on suspicion, with burglary, mid the last with burglary on the premises of Messrs. Goldstein and Davis, ^pawnbrokers, in Russell-street, on the night of Sunday ii eek last, the 2nd instant. The main parti- cular:! of the oaBe appeared Iii the Argus of "?.Vednrsdny. M'Grath, who is supposed to have been the dupe of the others, was now pin cod in tho box as approver, and deposed as follows:-I liveiin Bourko-street, and am ba-, tween 15 and 16 years old. I know.the pri- soners Taylor and O'Keefe, who bears the alias of Dempsey. On the night of Sunday, the 2nd instant I was in company; I was going down Bourke-etreet with Dempsey. Wei met Taylor, who called to Dempsey, and said he wanted to speak to him. Taylor went np to him, and I followed about three yards behind up to Bussell-street. They went round the cornor, and towards the pawnbroker's at the corner of Bourke-etreet. Taylor and Dempsey went down a lane, and told mo to stop behind. I heard them say thov 'were going up to a pawnbroker's. They told mo to stand at the head of the right-of-way while they went round. Taylor took a knile, and I . beard them cutting away at a back win- dow, which had a shutter. I saw them enter by tho window, and they struck a light. Presently Dempsey esme out, and said he WAS looking for a candle, and told mc to watch. He was away about three minutes, and cama back with a candle in his pocket. Ho then went inside again and lighted the candle. ' I Baw a light in the front shop, and the two were in there, I should say, about halt au hour, when Dempsoy came out first, with his pockets full of jewollery. Taylor followed with a box in his hand (produced). That is the box. .We went across Little Bourko-street, Taylor carrying the box in his hand,» andi up towards the Bock of Cashel. .Taylor told me to stop at the bottom of the lane, while iheywent down to look at tho jewellery. I stopped till they carno baok, and Taylor came down with a handkerchief full. Dempsey was etill with him. They brought the box down i too, and they gave it to me. It was broken ' as it is now, and I went up Little Bourke etreet with it as far as Spring-street-the. pri Boncis with me. I flung the box into the lane 1 between Dr. Turnbull's house and the place where the Salle de Valentino used to stand We then went down Bourke-street, Taylor had planted the jewellery in the right-ofway hy the Book of Cashel. We went down Bourko street as'far as the Theatre Boyal."It'was about half-past ton o'olock, and we walked about for some time. We > theil * went down Swanston-street» np again, and down IFIindors-lane, Bourke-etreet, and inte Little Bourko-Btrcet. Here Taylor bid us good night, and Dempsey and, 1 were walking about tho wholo night, a3 it .was too late to get a bed. I do not know where Taylor went to, Dempsey and I woni to a boardlng-bonse opposite the Spanish Boarding-house, in Swanston-street, and had something to eat. I afterwards mot Dempsey and Taylor near the Theatre Boyal, on th< Monday night. They gave mo the slip. In the morning, Dempsey and I had met Taylor in the street, and we told him that some men wero digging a foundation in the lane where be had planted tho jewellery, and that the Îliant was " sprung." Cross-examined : I ¡ve in a right-of-way opposite the Blaok Bull, with Harry Brusher. I livoc with his woman. I waa np hore twt days ago. I was taken into enstody last Tues day week. I have been kept nt the Dotectivi Office. I suppose they were pretty snug quar teiB. I liked them first-rate, (A laugh.) A great many other questions were asked thii witness, but nothing material was olicited Some further evidence of the dotectivi police having been taken, the prisoners were committed for trial. A SUGGESTION.-Assuming that tho Leg iala turo will adopt and tako action upon the recommendations of tho report of the Select Committee on Kail ways, tho Geelong Advertiser offers the following suggestion :- ' We read, como timo ago, a ruoommendation that the Geelong and Ballaarat Railway line should be commenced at both ends simultaneously. We ' demur to this course, because the great'diffi- culties of the line are encountered at the two ends-on the one side from Goolong to the crossing of the Moorabool Biver, and on tho i otherside from the Buninyong range sweep 1 ing round to Warrenheip. The intermediato Bpaco is easy of construction, from the Moora- bool to the base of the range rising to the Mount. No engineering difficulties prosent themselves for thirty miles, and to thi s part of the line wo would commend primary atten- tion, beoauso it could bo completed in one fourth of the time that tho two ex- tremities would occupy overcoming the dlffficulties presented. The thirty miles completed, ' access would be easy from Geelong and from Ballaarat. The oponed portion of the line would bo a throe-quarters of an hour drive from Geelong, and within two hours coaching of Ballaarat. Beckoning by time. Ballaarat would be a four hours' Journoy from Geelong. Tho thirty-mile por- tion of the line could be worked for three yema, and might be made to pay a consider- able proportion of tho interest accruing oa the proposed railway loan. The construction of the larger and easier part of the line first cannot be objectionable, nor in any way in- terfere with the prosecution of the general work ; neither is the view instigated by localism, because our neighbors at Ballaarat are placed in a difficulty exactly identical with ourselves. , Ballaarat is divided from Ü3 hy the high rim of a basin, and we are cut off from Ballaarat by a river which flows lazily along, entombed by precipitous banks, necessi- tating a costly viaduct to cross ovor. Which, then, is the easier course?-To work away at the obstacles which tho terminus of tho line at either end presents, or to advantage by the practicable part of it, and turn thirty miles to practical uso in a twelvemonth. We leave the matter as a suggestion." FORCIBLE LANGUAGE.-At a largo public meeting of the inhabitants of Sebastopol, called by advertisement, helri in Mooney'a Hotel, on Saturday evening, 71 h August, Mr. G. H. King in tho ohair, to heat from Mr. Mooney a repart of his mission to the Vic- torian Convention, resolutions of tkankb to Mr. Mooney and confidence in the Convention having been passed, the following special reso- lution was brought forward by Mr. Boylan, &nd; seconded by Mr.'Donovan, and passed unanimously :-' That by recent intelligence from Melbourne, it appears the present Govern- ment mean to force their squatters' Land Bill through tho House of Assembly, at improper hours of tho night, by brute force and'by evident bribery. Resolved : That we request the Viotorian Convention to take notice of tho fact, to summon without delay the pro- vincial delegates to Melbourne: that said delegates in the mean time shall be requested to call pabilo meetings, in tho sevoral , distriots, to ask for enlarged _>ower aud in- struction, and prepare for that which seehis inevitable, namely, '.an open and advised organisation of popular force against the' btuto force exerted in the Legislative As:-' eembly by the perjured and 'fraudulent trustees who pretend to legislate in the nome of the people."- Communicated to tiieWuent and Murray Advertiser. ' " ' i Otra JBiLHKasQATB MABKBT.-No less than half a ton weight, of Murray cod, all fine I grown fish and beautifully fresn.were exposed lor sale on Wednesday, besldeB some remark- ably fine golden carp, and lobsters by hun- dreds. Some of the finest of the codfiBh wore {.uichosed as presents to the fishless folks in Aldbourno. The mlnerablo guardfish, flat beads, and even the tolerable snapper, which are sent up to ua from Hobson'a Bay, oat a poor figure by the'side of the Murray cod. A curious instance of the voracity of this fish occurred in cleaning ono of tho number. It weighed about 40 lbs., and had three small codfish In its stomach semi- digested, and an- other 20 inches long, and weighing some 4 lbs., in its gullet, the tall protruding from its jaws, evidently taken byway of a "toppor np" to tho big one's breakfast. The strength und tenacity of the crayfish, or Murray lobster, WAS also shown. Mr. Macord took np ono of I thi.se ugly customers by the back, and with '} one claw it took up a 7-lb. weight, and with/' the other a 4-lb. weight, Bnd oven then seemed * 'to ask tor mora- Chuntr of t/u MHIOÍ> ¿ 