Rough Sketches MY FIRST FIT OF THE " GOLD FEVER." [COMMUNICATED, BY AN EX GOLD DIGGER.] No. I. THE FIRST SYMPTOMS ANB THE ATTACK. IN 1851, I was one of the earliest victims of the gold fever. OPIIIR had been opened amid a flourish of tongues and a din of pick blows almost loud enough to awaken the dead, make them turn in their graves, and enquire what was the matter ? 1 had done well, was making money, saw everything clear ahead for getting* more-but what then ? I held a pennyweight of real, tested, indubitable gold dust in my hand, wafted from the auriferous Sumtnerhill Creek in a sheet of double-milled foolscap-attested by the fist ot an old crony, and whirled over the Blue Mountains to Sydney by her Ma jesty's mail. Nuggets had been found; a lump the size of a quart-pot or a tea-kettle ?was not impossible. Of course I could work hard-I had great perseverance-I would studv the subject, pile theory on practice, anil practice on theory-how could I fail ? No, no! I should be a lucky man ! And then, wouldn't I come back with a "swag?" A thousand castles in the air loomed up in my disordered fancy: visions of town property with a long rent-roll-a snug little freestone cottage in a corner of some beautiful bay in Port Jackson-happy ?wife-youngsters sent off to college-smart skiff, don at the last regatta-fishing, pic nic excursions! Oh, too sanguine tempera ment, why dost thou throw a golden-hued veil over Reason ?-why make us forget that gold glitters too brightly for Tolly to resist its influence?-why crush Judgment under Passion, and too often give the feel ings of a child to the frame of a man ? But 1 anticipate. What could I do ? Coppers gleamed upon me as if, suddenly become half molten, they threatened to dissolve the cuticle on my finger tips if I dared to touch them; while silver waxed pale, as if ashamed to be seen in my company. The dusky rags, each representing twenty shil lings", that had hitherto* been stowed away in the secret recess of rily cash-box or thrust into the depths of my watch-fob - how paltry they now looked beside the lustrous sample, how contemptible compared with the nuggets in the George-street jewellers windows, before which the pavement was being ground away with hob-nailed boots, and long noses were being flattened against the plate-glass barriers. From the depth of mv heart I scorned the brown, crumpled omblems-dreamt I might yet make pipe lights of some of them! The madness was beginning. My brain burned with the gold (t'ever ;-I rushed home-vowed I would " see the elephant' - got a mate-we dislocated guns, wrapped fragments in blankets-packed up kits donned serge shirts-stuck pistols in our belt®-bade good-bye to weeping friends, and'Tso forth, next morning- jumped on board a steamer for Parramatta-landed, and marched through a swamp, until, pant ing, we struggled on, through the toll-bar, towards Penrith-mud before, a grey sky above, and the " chaff" of the Parra mattonians still ringing in our ears. TUE I'IRST STROKE OF LUCK. Night had shook out the last fold (bar ring one) of her mantle, and we were still a mile and a half from Penrith. The mud was like potters'clay: our budgets made the shoulders ache, and pressed our feet into the bog 'yclept a road, while at each step mv boots creaked to be left behind. I groaned, apd thought of the "Pilgrim's Progress"-of Christian's fellow budget and -the Slough of Despond, united, as a fitting simile; and, in an agonised climax, de tested my new bluchers and deeply sym pathised with my blistered feet. While in this plight-now scrambling over fences to find ourselves in ditches, now climbing up steep banks to plunge down into miniature lagoons, now bearing off a point to reach some island-stripe that glimmered through the gloom like a spirit in that ghost-land ?which German poets are so fond of dream in" about- we were startled by the clatter of a horse's hoofs. Bang came a shower of mud into our very faces, like a hail-storm from a volcano instead of a cloud. A hearty growl was sent after the horse and his rider, when botb stopped, and on our attaining their latitude we heard a voice say, " Good evening : how far to Penrith?" .Feeling that we were pockpittcd with mud, a surly answer was returned, but our accostant seemed amused at, rather than offended with the acidity of our maimer, and we soon recognised eacli other as old friends. ^The company became equally jolly there fanent, and it,'was agreed, nem. con., that as all were bound to see the elephant, the horse should be packed in the morning with the triple swag, and that the trio should stump it equally to the convincing ground. This j settled, \ve strode on with vigorous steps, alternately humming " Hurrah for the Koad" and " There's a good time coming, bovs." AN UNFORESEEN DEI-AT. At day-break next morning we turned out of an"inn at Penrith, packed the pony (which k to the hundred odd like a *' brick"), bolted three nobulers of unpala table cogniac, and, while my mates and i>ur quadrupedal blessing rushed off towards the Nepean. I hobbled on in their rear, running the gauntlet through a double row of young Penrith quisitive about the maternal parents of all strangers. Aj rived at the cut through the river ban <, my mutes and Rosinante trotted down; and after a shout and a screech to quicken my pace, they vanished round a corner. Hut I s stiff and rigid on the roadway, and glaring with ferocious aspect at the imprisoned punt, which lay shackled to the bank. | The foreground was sprinkled with some j two or three score of unfortunates, under the scorching influence of the gold fever, and mixed up in a chaos -of1 horses, bullocks, drays, and drivers: beyond spread the broad rnuddv belt of tbe Nepean, with a swift current in the centre whisking along dozens of logs and myriads of bubbles, and slewing round a cockle-shell of a dingy with a horse ' swimming astern against tbe efforts of two burly fellow's puffing at the paddles; then came the steep earthy bank on the opposite side, with its sedges at the brink, bouses on top, and landing-place where a dozen im patient " cornstalks" stood waving their cabbage-trees frantically over their heads, I and kept yelling for the punt in hyaena-like | tones: behind this interesting spectacle lay ' the plains of Emu, flat and tame as a sec tion of the Netherlands; and in the distance, as a massive background to the picture, there swept from North to South the first ! tier of the Blue Mountains-the majestic Lapstone Range, with the dray-track (up the side of a gulch) peering forth in broken links, and contrasting charmingly with the gloom of the deep gorge beneath, and the dark brownish-green hue of the forest above. The sound of choleric voices soon drew my attention from the .beautiful scene. " I say, Bill," growled a jiuge sample of the Chalker species, who had unlinked himself and was enjoying a siesta on the grassy bank, " this infernal punt might as well be at the bottom of the riva' as stickin' where she is." Then, suddenly waxing wroth and tossing his head forward, " Yout out, you punt fellers; what're you stoppin' for, you bandicoots? You mis'able kangaroo rats, don't you see that tbe riva' is down two foot sin' two o'clock this morning? By Jupita', every man jack of you desarves to be soused in the helement you're so mightily afeard of-that you do, "you chalky -faced, pijin hearted, right down everlastin' good-for nothins." Young Australia (whom the " eigar-and-a- light man" affirmed was an Austeralyan-Yankee, from Californy") being obliged to stop for more breath, my youngest mate-whom I call Tomkins, be 1 cause he bailed from Cockaigne-chimed in about the key of F sharp, "You ought to be flabba'gasted, you varmint at the punt I wow it as a fact !" The men at the punt ! very philosophically placed their thumbs to I their noses, and cocking out their little I fingers as far as possible in the direction of the" malcontents, favoured the latter with that peculiar figure which one of the ini 1 tinted at my elbow pronounced to be a " capital lunar." Our Chalkerian friend retorted with a hideous grin# which he in tended to express his utter coj^empt;-like another Ajax. he then resutilW his phlegm, and after squinting at his hors^, u(hich was nibbling at the grass with our own pony, he began tearing a fig of tobacco to pieces with his thumb nails, and stuffing the wisps into his pipe. But a new chum from Hibcr nia, having two dravs and a next-to-nothing car»o of philosophy, took his red-hot du deen from between his teeth and thrust it into his pocket; then cutting a somersault and three antics as preliminary flourishes, he bawled out his cracked note of defiance. " Be the holy farmer, if I had you up here, you pratie-headed spalpeens, I'd taatcb ye the manners of a jintleman; I'd twirl my shillaaly over your crowns, and tip your shins clanely before y'ud say St. Patrick ! Be the holy poker, 1 w'ud-" How much the holy poker was capable of did not ap pear, for its admirer discovered that the dudeen bad set his inexpressibles on fire. ! With a scream like the highest note from a sixth-band key-bugle, he flew into the I river and crouched down amongst the reeds | until his outline assumed the proportions of j I a bull-frog from Brodignag. Loud laughter I greeted this manoeuvre, which was not les- j sened by Pat's Scotch mate-a raw-boned, j sandy-haired mason, who had left Sydney to "chisel oot gowd"-saying, "Ah, man, Paitrick, dinna bother aboot finnin' that waisome bit pipie: luk to your pockets, man, an' see if the siller's a' richt." This point settled, the pair adjourned to nob blerise (Pat, of course, volunteering to pay the shot). | When these worthies had disappeared, j the laughter ceased, and growling gradually re-commenced. " When I come back,' said a sturdy John Bull, " 1*11 make these chaps down'there smart, if there's law arid justice to be got in New South Wales!" " They ought to be flabba'gasted," reiterated my friend Tomkins, chewing desperately, meanwhile, the stump of a cigar. "'The Major' 's agwain' to play Old Harry with 'em," said an old weatherbeaten horse driver; " he war down, an' wanted to get over, an' said as how he'd make 'em know their bizziness, an' that he'd " " And what did THEY say?" asked a pal at his elbow. " Whv, they unapt their fingers just think, Toiu, they actwally snapt their fingers in the face of ; The Major,' as if he war your Redman-an' they told him as how they didn't care if he war-the Guv' nor!" " What! you don't say so ? Hillo, Magpie, you sneakin", double-dis tilled, ugly, old. skulkin' vagabone, jee up, or I'll take as many strips off your hide as'll keep me in whip-lashes for a month Magpie, being a "poler" and a favourite, had° been unyoked; but, taking the hint, he now hobbled back to his brethren with such rapidity as to stagger one man and knock down another, and then tumbled head-first upon his voke-fellow. This set two teams prancing, each animal, elated at the half-holiday, papering like a " bull in a china-shopbut whips were whirled and cracked, and falsetto shrieks resounded, until all the Lions, Tigers, Pugs, Roarers, Punches, and the rest, were reduced to obedience, and had not a caper left. It was now ten o'clock, and the approach to the punt was even ornamented by having a carriage or two. On the Emu side the " cornstalks" had yelled with so much vigour that not a croak now came over the water; and arms had been walloped about until their owners were glad to sit down and give them a spell. A few horses had been guided across by having the ends of their bridles fastened to a thwart of the dingy: swimming did the rest. Macgregor (my other mate, in addition to Tomkins) threw away some eloquence in trying to lea#n the terms of this dangerous mode of conveyance. " No wonder," cried a fellow sufferer, apostrophising the occupants of the dingy; "you ought to be ashamed to ac knowledge to taking five or ten bob for letting a horse swim over himself." " To the falls! to the falls!" shouted several, and tbey began moving off in the direction I of a spot a mile or two down the river, where the water was shallow, and where they were told they would have to break down a few fences and run the risk of being sued for trespass by several owners, before they arrived at the spot. Threats about the law and " persecution" rose in the vicinity of the punt, but the gold hunters cared for neither persecution nor prosecution, and the directing Cerberus had to give way and rig the stage. There was a general rush on board, and when the punt was thrown off the larger half of the squad was left behind. We were lucky, although Tomkins had a narrow escape. The current being still rapid, the strain on the warp was severe ; but " many hands make light work," and the punt was soon across. We leaped out amid a terrific gabble between the puntmen and the " cornstalks," and cries of " Here's a bob for my passage and my 'oss's, tip up the change," and the retort, " Got no change--don't carry no coppers-not obli gated to find 'em-bring a tanner and the browns, and you'll get your bob-no use growling, old fellow ;-yah, up! jump in up rope-heave off- vfp ho ! all hands to the hawser! There she goes!" 