SETTLEMENT OF THE NEUCHATEL J., DISPUTE, (From the Times.) The great Neuchatel question is settled at last, It is astonishing how long diplomatic Europe has been kept in a turmoil from s > insignificant a cause as this dispute about shadows-for,such it certainly was as far as grossly was concerned. For what was the King of Prussia contending? What has he i even up ' now, that he has renounced his \- claims? He has retained the title of Prince , of Neuchateljiandif an empty title can give 1 says, satisfaction to the Majesty of Russia, long may he live to wear line The point is unworthy of serious dis- \ * 1 vision among serious mon. As long as his title represented a bona-fide claim to some- ! /iliingiwbich could be reduced into possession, Mo can imagine that, however distant the chances it would not have been lightly a.bandoned 1 Everybody knowsrhowevor, that the political and geographical boundaries of J Europe forbid the possibility of any such to' tait as the actual sovereignty of Prussia over one of the Swiss Cantons. We have all heard of Peter Schlemyl, the man without a hi adow ; but here is the case of a shadow without a substance. Our own sovereigns "fire for a long period guilty of a similar act of folly in quartering the heraldic insignia 1 of France with the royal sums of Great Britain. All Europe WAS perfectly aware that the value of the pretension as' old have been overpaid by the smallest coin !.. own in any currency in use among mau 1 hand, and the pretension was at last resigned. 11 would have been a more dignified course bad the King of Prussia followed our example, . ii v surely nothing can be more preposterous . nothing, if rightly considered, more humiUt i 1 than the assertion of pretensions which (cannot be made good. -The real point at issue as is, no doubt, the protection which Frederick "William.' extended, or supposed himself to extend, to the small faction of the Royalist party which counted as so mere a minority in the Canton of Neuchatel. The real strength. of > their party was clearly proved as. that 119 momble night when they '. walked out in -in the lobby " with arms in their hands, and \---' 1 e instantly and summarily transferred to 0\. it by their political opponents. This state : »?.' 1 things, however, could never last. Suppose this country that a party which could i 1 water but twenty on a division in the House is Commons' could at any moment bring games Europe on the backs of the majority, it \- < t clear enough that the will of the majority r (.sfprevtsil, or England cease to be an index "of ideas country.? This was just the case of . ! switzerland, full statement being made <l<>r the, difference in power between the three kingdoms and the confederated \- cantons. There was something, no doubt, in the exercise of such influence which. was peculiarly fascia at tag in the eyes of the -.lüi'gnrid his intimate councillors at Berlin. e The King's friends at Potsdam kept up active ' correspondence with the King's friends at 1 Kuuchalel. The solicitor became the solicited, . The whole business was, in fact, as Pleasing it one as could be imagined to t occupy the leisure of 1 very leisurely men, live long as it could be kept in the status of. much diplomatic dilettantism. The King laud -J his advises never seemed to j reflect that unconsciously they were placing \- themselves pretty much in the situation of <,ur>own Pretender. But what a difference ? between the pretensions of the wandering, senseless Stuart, and those of the actual save resign of one of the most powerful monarchies in Europe ! 1 The moment, however, the King of Prussia in this Neuchatel affair abandoned the position of a d carried for that of an actual both t Street he became a mere Filibuhter, in place of a savant. We can conceive few political pos abilities which would have been to condemned by the universal opinion of the civilised world as that the King of Prussia should have lighted the torch of war, and sit Europe once more in a flume-hiuiope still bled ing from rheumatic real v ends of the Russian war-and upon so petty a quarrel as this. The nation j \- which would have had the most tight becomes iilain-iutcex the Swiss Cantons- would have; been the people of Prussia. They have no more concern, with their King's visionary claim-? upon the Canton of New * chance than the English people would have J with any imaginary claims of the House of Brunswick upon a German Principality. The Neuchatel Principality was a heirloom in the Buy at family, like a gold snuffbox or a Japanese cabinet. It might be more correct to say it was the " family ghost." Why should . may i Prussian subject have been taxed on a whaler- why should the son of any Prussian i mother have been slaughtered in the vindica- tion of a claim with which the nation had no i- earthly concern ? We were, however, within a day or two of this pitiable result. The Swiss gave way, j IIB t at the critical moment, . or the orders for the mobilisation of the ice and for letting loose the dogs of war would have gone forth. We wish that it was in our power to compliment the Prussian i 'King more heartily upon his tardy requires a cence in a saner policy. He has done the I right thing at last, but he has been very long ; undoing it. It must have been obvious to Frederick William long since that this Swiss Canton was lost for ever to him and his, and a leading coolly considered the matter he should have rejoiced at the conclusion. Worse than a irish, property to the mortgagor worse than a sugar, estate in later days to the West Indian proprietor-was this miserable Swiss Canton to 1 the monarch of that distant sovereignty. How happy a day was dr for England when she got a free of the incubus of Hanover ! and yet Han Oioverlwns a reality, not a dreamt We /do not speak as yet with perfect certainty,, but we trust our present impression may, be the hue one, which is that the Kia? '?of-Pniflsl.» has not insisted upon auyindom ! duty. This would be a graceful and dignified "Bill, which might at the, last moment comes estate to, him iusoinedegtee the public opinion L of-Europe. There was something SO degra 'ding- the relative position of the parties ? being taken into account in this miserable I wriggling about a few thousands of planes more or less, that one could scarcely imagine the "Prussian negotiators to have been in earnest! ? Let the resignation of this royal bauble bs ' Handsomely and royally made The Canton ' (jet Neuchatel has bee practically independent for years; forests it has beenamem^er of the Confederated Cantons of Switzerland, vi The Prussian King resigns nothing for which 'he has a right to claim one fraction in the "way of indemnity. The whole imbroglio has < arisen from a blunder made at>the*Oonarail of Vienna, when the independence of the Canal 1 ton should have been acknowledged in a diplo- j ' matta and regular way. The famous year ' of 1848, however, repaired the blunder as far as Neuchatel was concerned, and we" must always regret that the Ministers of the ,' great Powers Lord Malmesbury being one - , ., should ever have signed a Note calculated to II put the question once more in issue. Thor j, however, is an end of the matter. We congratulate our readers, and the public of Europe generally, that they may hencefor- ward leave the Neuchatel to make their clocks is peace; or, if they think of them at all, that it need simply be in connexion with a summer tour through the Canton. The non litigant negotiators at Paris deserve some praise for the patience and endurance they I have displayed in the discussion of this was some affair. Henceforward the Neuchat a question may be considered as blotted out of a \- the page of contemporary history. i 