A HUSTINGS DIALOGUE. (From the Press.) The Aylesbury HustinRB. nor Majesty's ArronvnY-GENKBAi. 1 " on c dence." An Elector advances. Elector I'd like to see Sir Richard a question or two, if so be it's not taking a liberty like. Sir R. (sweetly).-It is my happiness as well as my duty to respond to any inquiry couched in the unexceptionable language which my friend in the leathern inexpressibles is sure to employ. Elector Thank you kindly, Sir Richard, and the same to you. You made a speech in the House of Commons, now, on this here Chinese debate ? Sir Rest had the honor to attempt to infuse into that debate a little irrefragable ratiocination, and I regret that its effect was apparently inappreciable. Elector Likely, Sir, likely. You told the Commons, or I'm misled, as they were worth answering, but that you'd answer the Lords, and the Commons might attend to what you could say ? Sir R.-You have slightly materialised the expressions I used, mv good friend, but I will not affect to deny that you have apprehended their import. Elector (to a companion).- What's he say ? Companion That he spoke prettier, but meant that. Elector Likely, likely I ain't pretty, noways. Well then, Sir Richard, we ought to be proud to have you for our. Menah cr. Sir R._ My good friend, without vanity, for I have none of it, and without flattery, for you would despise it, I think that the representative of Aylesbury and his constituents have mutual reason for satisfaction. Elector There's nobody in the House of Commons as is equal to you. Sir R.(playfully).-There is no House of Commons now, my dear friend, so that your compliment falls to the ground. But, waiving a technical jocularity, I am highly gratified with your intended approbation. Elector -There's Thesiger, now. He's nobody. Sir R.-Nny, I will not say that indeed he is a tall, and, for those who like that style of person, not an unpleasant looking man. Intellectually, of course, your estimate of him and my own approximate. Elector Fitzroy Kelly, now. Bah He ain't like you. ' Sir-in one respect, he is smiling)- for we are both devoid of that ornament to the top of the" head which fact, we are both bald. As regards the internal furnishing of the head, however, I think we should require different valuations. Electoral should say so. Then there's Mr. Walpole. Sir R.-A person who endeavours, not altogether without success, to assume suavity and courtesy, but entirely unequal to mental conflict with-I will not say myself, but with any first-class and accomplished oratorical logican. j Elector Mains. I've heard. can talk ? Sir R. He can. So can your wife's parrot (I assume, without prejudice to your good sense and hers that you have of wife and that she has a bird), and I should be puzzled to discriminate between their dia- lectics f ' Elector And Cairns too ? Sir lX.(indulgenthj).-And Cairns, too. What more need be said ? Elector. There are two Philimorcs, I think, as were against your side? Sirs-I dare say there were. Perhaps three. A Philiniore more or less is not an integer of much interest. Elector Little Mr. Roebuck is a bit of a lawyer, too ? Sir R.-T dare say he thinks so, find is singular in the belief. ' Not that I deny him talent of a certain description which would assailable were be capable of seizing a proposition, or following the deductions horn. it. Elector And there was a lot more lawyers in the House in that Chinese debate ? Sir R.-Very likely, my friend. I did not squander arithmetic upon comparing them, or their nothing- less. Elector I'm sure, Sir Richard, we are all mainly obliged to you for these here particulars like. Sir R.-And I am sure, my good friend, that nothing could give me more pleasure than the imparting any information in my power. Electorate do seem to me, and I are my fellow electors if it meant so, a crying sin and a shame to throw away such gifts and graces as Sir Richard's upon such, a set of ignoramuses as the House of Commons ? Sir R. (dlittle startled). Eh? No, my good Mond, it is my pleasure and duty to assist, to the extent of my ability, in the advancement of the interests of the State, regardless of the inefficiency of some of the co-operation I may receive. Elector We'll have none of that there. He's too modest and self-heating by half. We'll have no race- horses put into shafts, danger if we will. And since Sir Richard Bethell much too great a man to be sent to talk to these Commons, and can find nobody fit to speak to but the Lords, I humbly and heartily move that we don't return him, but reject him by way of hint to Lord Palmerston and the other great folk that he ought to have a Coronet. [Great applause and uproar, the ATTonsET-Gi-s-EnAL vehemently protesting that the House of Commons is quite good enough for him for the present ; but the electors will not hear of such a things, and rush, to do him justice by voting for his opponent. WnT Ladies cannot sit in- Parliament-the of the pet grievances of those strong-minded women, who lose their time and temper in talking of their "Rights,' is that by the law as it at present standi, Indies are not suffered to have feats in Parliament. Now, without being ungallant enough to show the absurdity of making a complaint of what they ought to feel rejoiced at, we will be content with simply proving that to comply with their demand would be at present quite impossible. Granting that a Female Parliament, or House of Ladies, were to meet, we need scarcely dwell upon the difficulty that there would be in stopping them from speaking all together : nor how impossible the Speakress would find it to proceed with" public business, without enforcing some such order as that not more than six (say) should be on their legs at once. But it seems to us that were the memberesses properly returned, it would still be quite preposterous for more than one in twenty of them to expect to have a seat, for the simple reason that, unless their numbers were extremely limited, it would be impossible to find room to hold them. in their present state of Crinoline, ladies on an average require at least a dozen yards of sitting room a-piece and were they to return as many members as the gentleman, it has been estimated that the space which would be covered by t.bovesix hundred petticoats would considerably exceed a couple of acres Such a room as this of course would have to be construCted specially and until the present Houses are completed, it would be preposterous to vote supplies for new ones. It is probable, however, that by the time of the completion of the now erecting structures that is to say, by the end of the next century-the fashion will have changed, and the present blown-up petticoats have become exploded in which case the erection of a Female House of Parliament would then be no more necessary than, we are so ungallant to think, it would be at this present. Punch. The Times and the Lord Chancellor. An article lately in the Times thus describes the present Lord Chancellor -. -" What shall we say to an Administration saddled with an incubus, haunted by a spectre, and on whose shoulders a perpetual Old Man of the Mountain sits inexorably astride ? It is sad, but it is, the simple truth ! The Lord Chancellor we say it with unfeigned respect for his office - is such a spectre, and such an incubus to the present Government. Year after year he appears on the woolsack in the House of Lords, and differing from the domestic ghost in this, that he is only too visible night after night he potters and chatters and hems and laws, and mumbles and firm- lies over this bill and that bill, until that venerable assembly is fairly bored and frightened out of its propriety, rejects all the bills in a panic, and rushes to an adjournment, to escape the intolerable apparition of the Old Woman of the Woolsack who inspires it with such unmitigated disgust." -Rains in the Streets for Horse Traitio.-Mr. Bridges Adams read a paper before the Society of Arts on Wednesday, on " the Application of Rails for Horse traffic in the Streets and Environs of London, and also for railway branches." Practically carried out, Mr. Adams's plan would seem to involve the rebuilding of London ; since he would restore the low lands on the river banks to the purpose of horticulture, plant the population on the high grounds, and connect the different parts of the metropolis by cheap and easy routes. In the meantime, however, he thinks that the laying down of street tail ways from centres such as Charing Cross, Tottenham Court Road, Gracechurch street, and other points, for carriages drawn by horses, is quite practicable, and might be profitably accomplished by a company. These propositions he has made before on Wednesday evening he made a new one. He proposed that an iron tramway should be laid down from the Strand to the Crystal Palace, by Waterloo-bridge. It would, he estimates, cost £5000. "With twenty-four omnibuses, each carrying fifty-six passengers, 10,000 persons might be carried to the Crystal Palace daily ; giving a profit of £8000 per annum. Several gentlemen made serious objections to the plan as applied to streets : among the objectors were Mr. Hobbs, Mr. Bcnnock, Mr. Henry Cole, and a Mr, Vignoles. . Extensive and Mysterious Robbery op Railway and other Securities correspondent supplies the following information to the Manchester Guardian of 14th February An extraordinary and very serious robbery of railway scrip, coupons, Mexican bonds, and foreign bills has just been brought to light in Birmingham. The facts in relation to this affair are as follow 'Sometime in the course of Saturday, the 31st January, a man, we may say without further describing his appearance as of gentlemanly exterior," called at the office of Mr. William Cooper, share broker j he represented himself as a. Mr. Thomas Walker, town- clerk of Wolverhampton," and after speaking on one or two unimportant matters, he intimated his desire to sell South Staffordshire Railway shares. There was not, however, any order given at the time, but on Monday morning the broker found a letter at his office, dated Wolverhampton, directing him to sell ninety " South Stafford's," fifty of these to be sold for cash, and paid for on Wednesday, the remainder for the settlement. The letter was of the ordinary business character, and the broker having ascertained that a Mr. Walker was town clerk at Wolverhampton, did not further hesitate about complying with his instructions. The shares were accordingly sold to a member of the Stock- exchange, who purchased for a client resident in the town. On the Wednesday morning Mr. Cooper had another visit from his client, who produced the fifty certificates, and on Thursday the transfer was duly executed, and the money paid. At the time this part of the transaction took place, " Walker" expressed a wish to have the money in gold, as (he said) he wished to make a legal tender for a particular payment ! the broker at once procured gold from the bank in place of notes, mentioning there, as we are informed, the fact that a client wished to have gold for the purpose he described. The business, so far, having concluded, Walker quitted the broker's office. It happened, however, in the course of the day, the latter called upon Mr. John Perry, sharebroker, Waterloo-street. In the course of conversation, Mr. Perry showed to him a letter he had received on the subject of a sale of forty South Stafford's, and in respect of which the seller wished him to attend that day at the George Hotel, WiOsall, in order that the money might be handed over. It seems that Mr. Perry had received a letter, bearing the Wolverhamp- ton post mark, and signed " Thomas Walker, requesting him to sell the shares, at the same time intimating that he had called at his office on the previous evening, and that he had left. Mr. Cooper receiving this information, instantly had a suspicion that all was not right e, he and Mr. Perry proceeded at once to Walsall, but " Thomas Walker never made his appearance at the George Hotel. Of course this excited more suspicion, inquiries were made at the offices of the company at Walsall, with respect to these particular shares, but the books were at Lichfield, whither a telegraphic message was conveyed for information, which was in the first instance refused, but the matter being pressed by the company's officials, and the grounds for the inquiry stated, the information was at once given, and the fraud and robbery was instantly discovered. The shares which Mr. Cooper had sold and paid for, and which Mr. Perry had also sold, but in respect of which the transfer not having been executed, no money had passed, were ascertained to be standing in the name of " Charles Shaw, of Birmingham;" whether described as gentleman or merchant, we are not informed. Inquiries were, of course, extended to Wolverhampton, but Thomas Walker, the respectable solicitor and town clerk of that town, had no knowledge of, and bore no resemblance to, the man who called upon Mr. Cooper. Communication with Mr. Charles Shaw was opened immediately ; he was furnished as with the fullest information with all the particulars, of the facts ; 'and, if our information be correct, Mr. Shaw's readiness and quickness of perception was never more completely displayed than when he listened to Mr. Cooper's description of the man who had called upon him his mind caught, as it were, instantly what a kind of fellow "Walker" was. Whilst this was going on, Mr. Shaw had opened a chest or safe in his private counting-house in it securities, and other mattersofthntkind.weredeposited. Mr. Shaw searched for his South Staffordshire certificates, which he expected to find in security, but 116 were missing. It was natural for him to extend his research under such circumstances, and more discoveries were made of securities missing, coupons for £10,000 Derby stock had been abstracted; Mexican bonds about fifty, and worth about £1100 had also vanished ; so had a mercantile bill on Montreal, which Mr. Shaw had last seen, we believe, on the 9th of January. There are other securities missing, but what their nature or value is we are not informed ; Mr. Shaw himself had not very minute information on the subject. At least this was apparent in reference to the Derby stock, the information as to the amount missing being derived from the office of the company. Information of the affair has been given to the police, but not the slightest clue has been obtained to the perpetrator of this mysterious robbery. An Historian's Aberration A curious instance of abstraction of mind (says the Times) from the dull details of legal duty in the case of the popular historian and Scotch county judge, Sir Archibald Alison, came before the law courts at Edinburgh last week. An appeal to the Court of Session was made against an interlocutor of Sir Archibald, as sheriff principal of Lanarkshire, pronounced on the 13th of September last. It appeared that the pursuer of the action, Mr. George Turnbull, merchant, Glasgow, had given to the defender, Mr: Thomas Morton, farmer, East Kil- bride, the use of a horse for its keep. On the 4th of February, 1856, the defender was at a curling match atLimekilnburn, and set out in his gig with some friends on his return about 10 p.m., driving the pure surer's horse. Thenightwnsdarknndtheroadwaiglazed with ice. The party, if they had not been influenced by, had at least participated in the social parting glass, and they were " going merry home." That the de- fender himself was sober was, however, established by the declaration of the witnesses that he was a Free Church elder. Near the top of the hill above Rutheran toll-bar a carter in the employment of a carrier had left his horse and cart standing, while with, a lighted candle he proceeded to look for a lost whip. Neither vehicles had lights, for lights were not won badly used in the parish, and, in the latter's absence, the gig came into collision with the cart. Both horses were run into by the opposing shafts, the carrier's horse being killed on the spot, and the gig horse dying two days afterwards. The leader of the gig horse pursued the borrower for its value, which claim the latter resisted on the ground that the animal was not killed by carelessness or mismanagement, but by accident. The case came first before the sheriff substitute at Hamilton, who found the defender liable for £20 as the value of the horse, and in expenses. The defender appealed to the sheriff principal, whose interlocutor " found as follows Having heard parties, he, finds it proved that the pursuer's horse was left standing in the centre of the road by the pursuer's servant, who had charge of it, at the top of hill in the dark on the public high- way on the occasion libelled, when the defender's horse and gig ran into it, and both horses were killed. Finds it proved that the night was very dark. and it proved that the defender and his party had been getting some refreshment at a public-house before the collision took place, which was about 10-30 p.m., but none of them were drunk, and neither party had any lights. Finds it proved that the collision was very violent, and the shafts of the purser's cart were forced into the neck of the defender's horse. Finds it proved that the defender was driving at an ordinary pace when the collision took place, and not furiously. Finds, in point of law, in these circumstances, that there were faults on both sides on the defender's in not looking properly ahead, and driving rather faster than was prudent in 60 dark a night on the pursuer's servant's in leaving his horse and cart alone, on the highway, at a distance from the toll-house, when the said servant, for whom the pursuer is responsible, was loitering in or near the toll house. Finds, in those circumstance, that the pro- endurance of blame was on the pursuer's part in re- spect of his servant having left his horse and cart alone on the public road in so dark a night, therefore, alters the interlocutor appealed from, and assoilzied the defender from the whole conclusions of the libel, and decency. Finds the defender entitled to expenses, subject to modification. Modifies the same to one-half of the defender's costs. The origin of the whole confusion was evidently Sheriff Alison's mis- taking of the pursuer, who lent the horse, for the carrier, whose horse was also killed, but who had nothing to do with the action at all. When the case came before the second division of the Court of Session, the Lord Justice Clerk asked counsel if they were sure they had not printed a wrong interlocutor, for this one seemed so inapplicable to the case. In advising the case, his Lordship remarked that the interlocutor was altogether unexampled in his experience. Lord Murray said he confessed he had a suspicion that the learned sheriffs mind had been so engrossed in historical matters that it was not in a condition to consider anything so modern as an interlocutor. But bonus allowance dormant Horneras. He was not for taking any particular notice of it, except what could not be avoided, for judges could err like other people. The result was that the interlocutor of the sheriff principal was altered, and the Court found the defender liable to the pursuer in the sum of £20 and expenses, as the sheriff substitute had originally done. 