METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. ABOUT TUE 0L0$im[OF PARLIAMENT. , (From tlu' Liverpool Albion, March 23.) ; . When tho session oponed last month, it was augured hore, hy your own soothsayer, that it would bo a short one, -Why? - Because of an omen that ought to bo ' significant in Liverpool-a passing toll, tho Uko of whioh was-never heard before. Tho sovereign didn't show, but the vicoroy ovor her mndo a muoh greater noise than if she had. Ho told his commissioner of works to sot his gong' going; nnd the gong went off in a/eu d'enfer fashion that Yeh hlmsolf would'shake his celostial pig- tail off with onvy-to have overheard. But how potont the sound, " sadder than owl.songs on the midnight blast I". Intended to bo festivo, ns tho occasion required, it was 1 ¡Ito a death's head at a oarnival. Dig Bon boomod his one monotonous noto for two hours, to the consternation of all' undertakers within tho bills of mortality, who thought that. funerals wore about to be performed by not of moribund parliament, to tho ruin of Shillibcer and all . the : ooonomlo interment. corpa. Dismal was tho monition, presaging dissolution; nnd - lo I tho last nota of tho rattlo in the throat of tho 30th ~of Vic-Beg.! has just exhaled away, and Palace Yard is tho counterpart of.Palmyra in Anti-Maithusian aspect. Big Bon didn't boom to-day, boouuso it ought to have clono. -Thoro would havo-hoon no joke in that. Tho' . point of the pleasantry was' tb extraot melanuho'.y out of mirth'; and that is* what' the Comic- Old Gentleman . exools nil''performers in, always pradttoingaontrnsts, and 'thoroforo always keeping'np oxoitemcnt, and him- self ns tho sou reo of'it. ''Had' Big Bon'been a joy-ball it would1 doubtless 1 have rung oul a piquant peal over tho gravo of tho Commons j but boing down'on tho ground, , 'and only nblo to emit a solitary'ding when donged;'it remained tbnguo-tiotl . whllo tho Quoon's' spooelf was spolton '.'' by ' < a ' brnss-lnnged < ' commissioner. 1 ? Tho ooromnny-preceding that finnie was not a llttlo ttnlquo, and will warrant some detail, ? . ? ' TCIgbtoon years''havo elapsed sinoo adlko oeourroncn. . Several dissolutions hava ' taken-'plnaa in"tba interim, . but nono involving rotiremontofa Speaker.'.i Uenoo tho unusual intorost mnnifestod by a largo attendance of strangers,' arid'no' loss than'sixty members, n vory un. wonted number'considering i thc paeullnr dalis of ooh stltuCTioies1 just'now.' Several 'onmo up upooial, mont ¡ oonf-rilouous amongst¡ whorh,' for' corporoal ' stnturo tthd politionl stntus, was tho towering' Knight of' Netherby, . ? first ion 'tho stano and last to'clopnrt,i taltlnb laaVo of ,' ?Lefevre with absoluta' amtUlobY suggestive of tiioughtsiof 'orooodilolsm to profanaispeotators,. ? And 'suggostivouof Homuthing oise too/to 'thnso not profnnol ' Probably tho most'ttnpopular man in 'England is Slr JnmoS Grnhnrn, Most pooplo know tho reason why ho is, but nobody onn moko out why ho should bo so. Thoro'aro'two'most ? ?romarliabloand dWinterostoih wltnosses that'tho contrary ought to bo'tho caso. Brougham,'who* rit'ono tima or other, lins qdnrrelied with .nearly ovorybody >wlio was nnybudy anywhero, uot only nuvor . qtinri'ollocl with Graham, but ha* always Hpokon of'lilm in tho Damon and Pythias fitrain of'Cobden .nnd'Bright, ' Pdol, most i phlognmtlo of mon, 'who nevor had .troomponionv muoh loss u oonfldaut, singlas him out from all tho follow la hottrorB of hU'oai'oor, and in' tho last ohaplor ofilia pos- í thumous papers, issued a fow woeks baok, pmisos ulm fur beyond all others, something like Napoleon, at St. Helena, most unexpectedly immortalizing " tho surgeon, Uaton larrey ;-ho is tho honestest mun I have known." "Now ono who could have won this somolhing moro than OBtoem of two such persons mu&t; bo a trillo less inhuman thnn tho world givos him'orodlt for, or thnn tho burglary of tho Mazzini lottors, the betrayal of the Bandieras, tho burking of certain Crimean correspondonce.ï tho circumvention of Napier in tho Bullio business,1 and otb r littlo ogre/led - oddities of that sort would warrant. Bo that as it may, no ono took leave of Lcfuvro, and of no one did Lefevre take leave to-day, with moro regretful: warmth than tho Cumborland baronet,, who, true lo his border inBtinots, would:.probabry-.onolly>hang tho right honorablo gentío man,, out of: hund, on tho flrstdamp-post in Abingdon-street, five minutes nftor wurds.'if any necessity fiir'sb-doing'.Were', to turn np in .tjio woy .of business, which ho calls duty/,' Sir Jumos is in splendid case, and though quito patriarchal in point of fact','is still half a score years tho junior of tho Juve. nilo Whig, nnd-look s as if he meant to make tho most bf tliAt'diiTtironco. It is remarked that he'is always happy ,wh"eh hd'is^h'uhiingdown," or" is .boirig hu'ntod.by.some blody. '/Hd 'is how preparing foT',à\dead set nt tho Bottle Holder,' and is_ going as ' deliberately1 to 'work'as if hi 'e'xpedtod," whou^next at the Höme-6tBoe,,'t6 order Tower 'Hill to.be'got''ready 'ior tho'execution of .iTrquhiirline judgment on him' who" sacrificed tho' Vixen, ftnd'rnado Chisholm Anstey attorney-genoral of Hongkong,- Of all the Buoriflontions of Palmerston, it is 'admittod none' yet has equalled- -that oí* Carlisle. But so 'far ffrom this, having any repollont cft'eat on tho treasury bench,'no "sooner, did, Sir J.amos "nppo'ar at his old corner "post to-' day than up jumped ,Wood, and sat down-, beside hinf, and talked for a quarter of an hour as cozily a's if the 'flag that's braved a thousand years thebnttleland quarter-, 'day might be under its old 'commander again, one of these days, and Sir Charles bo glad to find any port in tho storm, oven tho India Board onco more.. And whore was Palmerston himself tho while ? Why whoro he always is, where he is wanted, just where he ought lo bo. , Soon after tho House' met; be''carnie in, ? without his stiok. 'The' gout is gone; not;a trace of it left ;' and RowolifTa moy.look for a trimming nt Tiverton on Thursday next, if be do not follow the example of' that Solon goose, Sir Heron. Something, and. turn tail; meanwhile. But though tho stick and the gout, have, gono, Civis Bomanus seemed as. if the punch ri la, Romaine at yesterday's mayoral banquet, or the much: more exciting spirit of his own surprising speech there, at, had depressed him. Neither did ho seem to: have obanged his plated dinner shirt, which had a dishful of studs in it;-a most astonishing phenomenon ; for jewellery of a morning ÍB h snobbism - Cupid never fell' into bofore his bair fell off, and it isn't likely he'd lapse into such a piece of superlativo;gontishness now. -Picca- dilly; however, is at some distance ' from. Westminster Abbey ;'and half-past one is a very early hour for a gentleman of 73,' who has "been .up late; to be down to business with'a work- day toilette. But it is'all one to Pam what coat he. has on. -- He can turn it inside out in a twinkling; laugh in-his sloovos; oufT any one who objects to its out ; and make a- spencer or a long-tail of: it, just as ocoasion requires. Ho rattled off throe or. four .speeahes,. OB three or four., subjects, as, glibly as,, though, .he had been consumingtho mid- night oil in gettipg thora by heart. Bowyer, whoso pontifical .predilections, have developed into a beard and moustaoho of most 'Petro-Paulbuslri hairyriess that smothers up what-he wants to Bay.-put two - quostions together, each unintelligible, and 'doubly sb in couple. P. said he could not understand them. B. referred him to the notice paper. P. took it up, nnd rend it right off 'at a glance, without o'-glass, though half the men in tho ¡House of half his age would have had to hoist speotaolo on nose, arid only begin to' geta'glimmer of the thing when he had disposed of it and was off to something else.. ' " . /. , ,;',;,".""- ' I _The doings of the day being in one,sense morely pro 'formá, and having roferenoe rather tb. what was to oome ¡off, in the Lords than what was going on in tho Com-. ,mons, mattors flagged,till- the enlivening announcement 'that a raembor was about to take the oaths and his seat! Mr.-Speaker himself who, for nearly a dozen nnd a half years, bas.looked as solemn as a sphinx, never relaxing into a. smilo all that while, only an occasional semi Carker- like simper, laughed outright, as he repeated the summons ; for ho might laugh now without loss of dig- ' nity, seeing that with his wig to-night he casts off responsibility, and henceforth has only to trouble him- self with writing his new territorial titlo instead of his old patronymic, and taking X'1000 a year for so doing. And who was the illustrious stranger thus called to senatorial life and to tho giving up of the gbost in the same bronth ? None other than tho tremendous O'Donoghue 1 At that dread nama a solemn pause ensued, and all eyes wera turned intently to tho bar, in oxpootanoy of some six foot six of Hibernian anatomy, with a greon shamrock harp hung over one shouldor, an elk skin on tho other, a man-slaughter.' ing falchion by his sido, a wolf-dog at his heels, and a visage of Saxon-slaying ferocity. Astonishing to behold, however, there walked demurely up the floor and to tho table "the mildest mannered man. that, ever scuttled ship or out a throat:"-neat booted, dainty gloved, spruce coated. Macassar haired, and quiet-faced : altogether as inoffensive and presentable a personage as though ho woro native and to tho manner norn in Pall Mall instead of Tipperary. Howovor, for that shillelah famod shiro was he sworn, taking tho oath of allegiance to the British lion ns innocently ns though Brian Boru wore a rate- payer of Marylebone, and Ireland were the county of Rutland ! Having kissed thc book and signed the books, ho went up to tho Sponker; botlt shook hands, respectively and respectfully, turning away their heads as they did so afraid of laughing in each other's faces. But, as Solomon, or somebody oise, has wisely remarked, you can't wash a blackamoor whito :-human nature will bo human nature, oven in parliament. Tho O'Donoghue " caught the Speaker's eyo "-with a twinklo in it. Tho Speakor tittored ; tho O'Donoghue grinned ; and a genoral gwafT ensued, without a word of " ordor, order," for all was disorder, the most disorderly being tho ox decorum givor in the chair. The antique Comió chuoklcd till ho ohinoked with enjoyment. Vernon Smith wont into what he himself called "hilarious enthusiasm ;" and even the cadaverous Sir. Oeorgo Grey looked like a ghoul at a hornpipe, so highly entertained was he. One alone, was unmoved by the mirth of the multi- tude. The Asian Mystery scorned tho Giaours and their frolic Alono ou tho opposition bench, - in solitary state Sidonia sat, pooring presciently into that something or nothing whioh looms in ' his futuro. Not a muscio in that nocromatlo visage relaxed, or rather tightened, for ' Disraeli ' differs from ovorybody oise even in tho way he laughs ; that is to say ho would do if over ho did laugh;-but as he nover does, and probably nover did, why it isn't very easy to photograph tho procoss preolsely in pen and ink. , The singularity of this abstinence from oacohinatory indul- gence beaomos all the grantor when it is known, ns all do know, that ho has tho liveliest possible relish not moroly of subtle humour, but of broad drollery. One of tho few tributes he pays Poel [Bentinck Biography], is for tho heartiness pf his laugh ;-thorein boaring witness to this invariable 'truth, -that n frank laugh is the eoho of n frank heart, n falso and forced laugh the oontrary, Sir Robert himself boing no oxoeption tn tho rulo, for it ÍB now notorious that .he -was naturally tho revorso of artificia). Great wits beforo now havo; not laughed at their own jokes ; but the membor for Bucks laughs not at his own, nor others*;-neither jew d'ceprit nor Chris- tian pleasantry. Yotthoro is nothing,offensiveJn.thia insensibility. It is'nt that ho deflos tho general influ- ence, but-timt ho is totally impervious to it, as indeed he is to everything and overybody in tho placo, although .alive to ovory pulse, and'soomingly to ovory'thought, throughout tho.whole building, in any way pertaining to him. But from everything thntdoosn't ho linn thu faculty of apparently abstracting himself completely; nnd die might bo picking up prondnmito " cockleshells ' by tho shores . of the Dead Soa for . anything that liveliness in St. Stophon's lins to do with him or ho with it. Still ho might really havo con- descended to hnvo shown a littlo interest in tho affair of to.dny. Tho Normans, wo know, for ho tolls us so, oro moro mushrooms in his nostrils, nnd oven the Anqiont Britons aro upstart toadstools. But tho O'Dnh'oghu'o thinks-vory little moro of n thousnnd; yonrs -than, tho . Caucasian ohrpnologer himself. Tonant rlghtjhe tracas .tb Noah's nllowanco for Improvements çn Mount-Aramf, whioh romarknblo hillock, contrary to roaolvod opinion.^, seems to havo , boon in., Couemnra, and not,in, Asia Minor. At least that's thu understanding inf Tipporiiry, and nny ono that, refuses ,sn to undorstfttid it, let, him, ?look to his hoad. So nays,tho O'Donoghue, nn<|,60 .say Lör(d,DoiinnliinorQ and ,,tho,¡ other DorbyijoB, whoiliavo .returned him on str|otiy,.,8oolát .arid qonnoryntiyo, prip. !,biplpp¡, hud tho least tho fHobrow might,-Juavu dona was jto hnvo hailed tho Hlbcrniniiiwith a,hn:uah,!;>,.,']',,rirf'7, 1 .'.Prosoully in comos ano ther - prodigious.Pallandor; Slr ?AugiiHlUR'Oliflord, Mack Rod, so culled bi/oauso'tharo is nothing blaoki.ubóut him., ; Glittering ; like nn'elootro. gilt Armadillo on its hind -legs and twiab^ns stiff,'hp -ho1 stalked; first oh-lils heelsp anti thbn on'his loos r nnd, after thirtooni goneiliiotións indescribablyi gymnnstical, orled out that hei1 Mnjosty's oommisilonorn oom'mnndod hor Miijosty's faiUifuli Commons ; there nnd than appear in hor Majesty's other hoitso of Parlinnont, to hanr What they should lioat.mrid soo- whut limy should soo;'.and (Cortnlnly thoy . Hawu whati-they didn't« <expeotr,tcf sop j whoroof nnonv Having thus doliverdd' himself,.'jerking out his words and curving lils haolt bono'nt ovcryml tort i anco; as though liolworo. ejpoting kilohon- pokers-undor ria omotlo of stryohnioi ho walked . backwards,'und iliüitppcsred, liles Cooper in (lie hurled roiijesly of Denmark, Bown got tho Sorgoiuit-at-Arms, Lord 0, llusHcll, from his pcroh, and shouldered tile mace, for tho lust timo bolaro Mn present master, I'oor old Duller, tho tr.iinboaror, lugubriously toole tho tail of tho prosi. deatial Killi in his trembling hands, also for tho last limo; nnd tho clerks nt the table pathetically blow their noses-overtho.valcdiotory pageant. . Now indeed should .tho ghost of Brothorton linvo bebn thore. Perhaps it .was;, for tho inestimable consumar of cauliflowers had also Pythagorean faith in transmigration of souls, and may have been'present as a'spidóivlíavirig ' had a oonsi ; derabla predilection for parliuinentury [cobwebs when in ;tho flesh, pr rather ,_in tho vegetable, seeing he. was decidedly anU-carniyofous'. ' That saune' ho would have relished ; in all suoh se'enos ho always pla'yed'a conspicuous, though, an indefinable,':part. Who .fills, bia ri)to "now? Nobody. tThe',oho,w.lio_has,been trying'is Durioan, pf rtiundpo,'wlib,bonsts',that for fifteen ^years bo was never, oneo absen t "from a division upon , anything ! There's, famo for you. Of such stuff .js' sorho rnou's ambition mado. Talk of oafvlng a'verso of tho Iliad ori'a'oberry'-"' stono, or of pitching peas through tho pye of a needle, after 'that I Yet.this laborious triller has donó memorable,mer- oin tilo things'in histlme;ahdisas shrewd in inb Jt wordly niatters as mighty bo expected ina gray-headud.'Cnlo I denian calculator of' tho'main ohanoe. Wearied at' last of this divisional ,ihdu|genoe, ho now retires, to-day, bein g h)s final fussiness. Homade the most of it, as indo'edovery , bpdy did, oxaept tho blaz^ used-up, but still'excito'raént 'craving Sir Coldstroum Duncombe, who, the moment the movement of tho members began, moved off, having con- trived to do' a little knowing electioneering business ^meanwhile, by putting .to the Premier - a question, bbloved by Finsburyean radicals, conoerning thu Neapo- litan revolutionists, and' oxtraoted a highly sulphurated, and therefore delightful blowing up of tho combustible Bomba. ' ' \ . ' . ' j All being in readiness, tho proosssion 'set out along the lobby, Palmerston, of course, heading 'the Com- mons, chattering to Fitzroy, just as unconcernedly as he Has done to any similiar official nobody anytime those fifty years, and looking as if he'd be in at the death of ano- ther half-dogén parliaments yet, if he doesn't garotte the' \yholo representative" system in-another annual twist or. - two! Arriving at tho ' bar of the' peers wo 'found many ; more M.P.'H than had been in the other bouse., Among them was the ubiquitous,'omnipotent, omni-everytbing Hayter, in tip-top spirits and a new mouse-coloured pale, tot, which seemed to have magnetio power over rats, consi lering the number of those sagacious animals thb falling house has .brought,around Jhim;1 Tho amount of ' work tho' Right Honourable. Goodenough has gone through this last fortnight it would take Calculating Boy Bidder and Bubbago's machino a month to compute'; ' the. world will n'bvor jknpw;' half,'of.it. AU the world is oanocrnod to know,, however,'just' now, is, that the toil has agreed, with him. .In JiisBonaparteau physiognomy. [N. B. he:is very like N. B.-r-not L. N.B. nephew of the uuole,-but the uncle of tho nephew,] you might read; every -.- word of . tho Ministerial leader . - in this morning's Times. ; No] ; dotibt - a ' 'bast of' 'his1 'beaming' 'brassy countenance 'was1 taken at Black-, friars '' last - night,- and is reproduced in printing metal tooday. . Power of faoo and power of tongue were perhaps, never, so exemplified! a3 in his giving strictly private and conlidential, intorviaws to fifteen different people in five minutes, and satisfying all. Not that he says muoh.; .But- " tvbat ]bf .tliät?' his eye'discourses." Hern-- Shakespeare. And it's" 7ic»i" that does it. A I' hem", from him is just that stitch in time wbioh saves nine; 'and what a man is to tailors, he is,to men,' that is, to M.P.'s. What, fatuity, in Government not to have sent him,1 especially as he-has-had- a presentation porcelain vase, to China, instead-of Elgin I If Haytor caught Yoh by the button, in ten minutes he would talk that homioidal Mandarin into a condition of benevolence,' rendering him eligible for President of tho Anti-Cruelty to Animals' Society in;place of his friend, Lord Robert Grosvenor, who, of course would not say nay to Yeh if asked to resign in bis favour, , seeing how he stuck by bim as one pf the philo- barbarian and poison-patronizing sixteon of' the 3rd. Kossuth' onoe talked grandilo- quently of holding the Austrian empire in the hollow of bis hand ; but Hayter holds the United Kingdom of Great Britain and ; Ireland in tho hollow of bis poaket. Wiser in his generation than tho ¡Magyar, the treasury sago says nothing aboutit, allowing ,tho freo and independent noodlerie to think that they and Britannia . rule the waves, he knowing .well he rules the roast beef of old England,-and the beef-witted old and young Englanders likewise, or rather like-foolish, to speak pertinently. ; Lord John was not in the bouso, haying his hands too full of the city, whore all tho four liberals, Jews and Gentiles, are canvassing for themselves,. and against him,, in n manner moro , ¡curious than respectable, as you shall learn next week. If he is defeated it will be no wonder ; if ho succeed it ' will bo miraculous.. But we are losing sight of the speotaole of to-day. j What's that? , Why, Arabian Knight's entertainment. ! Mr. Disraeli ? Fiddlestick, as a Fadladeen says.' No, but a real live Lalla Rookbioal romaneo on two legs, or ; rather on .eight logs, for there wore four in all, that is, four, owners of the legs. "Who has not heard of tho vale of Cashmere, with its roses the brightest that earth ever gave;-its temples and grottos and fountains as clear as the love- lighted oyes that hang over their wave." Everybody. But who ever saw a real cashmore shawl ? Nobody, exoept in an advertisement; and you. are not bound to believe that now the duty is off. There is a real cashmere to bo sold among rascal Redpath's effeots, at Christie and Manson's, next week; and BS ha didn't pay for it, or rather did with other's rooney, of course he could afford the prloe, and got tho. genuine article, .which is only to be met with under such ciroumstaaces in this country. Think, then, if yon .can realise such a vision of Mirz», of fleeing/four indubitable < flrxt-olass Nadir Shah shawls all in a row! Where.?, , Why where they should bo, on . Persian shoulders. Arid where wero the shoulder*? On-British bandies, the benches of peors, ornamental columns of the English constitution. Yes; -on entering the Upper House, there .flamed from tho ministerial seats the radiance of carbuncles only seen by the .-mind's oyo . in tales of the genii, , instead of human head-pieces. Head-piecos indeed I Luckily Mr. Economie Wilson wasn't prosent; or ho would havo had to bo carried out, fainting at : sight.of suoh waste of tho raw matorial. Dieu, quel Chapeaux/ "Heavens, what hats I", shrieked French Plqnipo. Perslgny ; Diabólico tonibreron! Bearers of Beelzebub'I',' growled Hidalgo Paohooo, envoy of Spain, at tho , Lord . Mayor's i dinner yoster iay on ; seeing these supernatural ,,structures, enough to drive any European hatter outof.luB senses, which, to be sure, ought not to be vory ? difficult, as all hatters are proverbially mad. Palmerston gazod at them as if they wore indeed the great great grandfathers of tho real Old Old Hats, whoso antiquity onoo captivated him. And so of oourso they aro. That was tho mylo of castor that prevailed first ero tho " triple.hattod chimera" of tho eternal oity was born ; ere tho,Tiber itself was heard of; oro Romulus and Remus quitted their lupine nurse, and turned wolves among ' tho. Sabino deer. It was in a hat of the cook that Zoroaster crowed ovor,tho magi about the timo Methusalem.<was. a babby. In suoh a hat Gtmbyses opened his vein in tba jugular of the Pharaohs, , DarittB was so covered-when Miltiades oraoked .his crown ntlMarnthon ; and such n hat had /Bajazet when Tamer- , lane drew moon viol's oap: ovor his oars.- - WhaUwoiidor . then-tlmt such gear should.produco presenfastonishment i and'arohmologlo nomination ? ii- i But-whoso aro tho hoads whereunto theso lints belong? ] Why whose should they be 'but Feruk ' Khan's and his, follower's'' there' ?.' -There' they'Bat, ^Ferule'-1 in,'front, j and-tho trio behind-; ho talking' to ' the Dalco of Argyll, < whose' blazing ' pericranium" must 'have 'given' thb notion that his graoo wns* a Ghebir, and that fire- ! worship 'hasl' much to do''with' the''Booton.>' 'kirk.j , But how did the Dulco talk ? Through ' nn' ' interpretor! of oourso, 'Captain Lynob. 'Equally,-- of -bourse,i ho is nn Irishman; consequently.is learned in round ' towers, poris, b'ulbuls, potatoes;, gnzcllos; Jug-jugs, ¡ nee-! tar, rosie lips, pcaeli'-oheoks, pombgfanatb-nosos,'arid tho' usual Hafiz arid Moriré1 otootoras.'i Sb'that' Ferule must' have felt quito at homo i ' arid, very-'mu'p^i'-'nt ' homo hal looked; obd'ft vor/ good' looking' fellow ho ' W.1 Fahey Mri Brnmloy-Mooro swathod'in a1 ontiary'-' tiolotirod; table- cloth, with tho funnel of a Birkenhead steamer bu his' 'hoa.dt'áñ'd you 'have' tho lilian' lo'n hair', rill- but the board ; ' ?and for that 'yow must supposes flint Mr.-B'Mihasrt'lady's sabio muir boa and oulfs nlllxod to his'fabo and' chin :-I .with these nids tb,imagination you won'í. bo 'far' off' a1 .lively1 resombTanoa lO'Ui'e Pefsián'plebifidtóntlary'.' '? Oiily| .ho'is younger, nbniidombly, than 'tho mOnbcr' for' Mhl-j .dori¡-^-yoitngl eribtigli 'to cause' nn' earthquake' in -tim rontihV of'Britisli orlnôliné; nnd ''to-rieoo^sitata 'irarriri-' . tllntb' ",dnlrtrgbmbntf "pf all ' fetnalo luhatlo ' wards Tu) ? English obitnty'nsylunis, if ho'is'iUlówod within ft':railo; .df lndibB''boá.rclirig,-sohobl9.! . Btsbmolia I' 'On' Ills 'byes .ipalmorieV'oy^oN^iib 'if. ¡ 'British fathers' of 'admosoeht; . dnugHtbi's 'would bo iridlined to speak of his oy'ós iu'teiiriis . moio crnphrttid, if'less' pulito.''1 His1'6xuollen«y'"ltèhtJ those oxcallunt bptlas of. his protty equally.'dtvidbd-bn-j twoon ladles, ovorhoad nnd bishops liosldo him; ' tho, Inttor dVidbntly'rt dire perplexity to tho plillos'dilh'óij ,bf Irnnr 7/CUo; right rovarond fathorS, woro" nlsp "inj japni'ljlor'au'lb-jpbrturbatiou, tlibmsolVbs, .',WoU! 'raigbt Uioy.?'. 'At',.tbBt,¡miriufo. wa» being'.atvén, in^lhb ^rlyV Cpuuoll blinmbor that judgment of Westerton v. /Liddell willoh ' hájs.'i.ltfóidty und. dolightfuliy') dooIUod',that ; a ,protestant.' ¿n^y.bo,a practical', papist, p^di-.l^ott. Ho!.isti'l; ,ari; jini prhsi icpblbi pusey i te ; "and , rrj ay, go - f o, Mioavop, .o^ .pJsptYhprqi.lf jIie^lkos.'Jf hp doosn'^kbopY nprlsh "elorks Ànil.>oàj^yriiat),iri llib purRalóry';pf paying in this ItfoTbr snufTiU's and daflbdbwndilllas 'to do them good.in the next, Whether tho trautarlana or antl-traotarlans shall now have greater OIIUBO to grieve or rejolco there's no saying. Thin only U ol oar, that tho establishment «oom H in n fair, way of going (o .tho dogs through dogmnsT. A littlo further going will causo Victoria to bo dofbndor of Feruk JCImti'a faith us much as of tho faith of her father; for if her father, or at any rate hor grandfather, wore to como to lifo and ask-" where's tho Church-of England," the surpliced sentinels on guard would an- swer, lileo the heroes of a recent court-martial, " I oan't possibly recollect; really I haven't tho Joast idoa I" ! Tho ceremonial of . prorogation - having been gone through," thopommons returned ns they carno; Pnlmprs-, ton again playing ' liichfird thc Second, »nd leading his /hob' ht'his heels"' 'This time'the' companion bf his mardi was Henry'Herbert, lord of tho lakes of Killarf rioy,_inoludijig.t¿atjyichantod^ of water wherein a progenitor .pf thq O'Donoghue already described, is said '. to bo seen, riding ninotoen, whito horses at a time, in a .manner, .that, would.;draw ; tremendously at .Astley's. Horbortis a; fino, stalwart-looking fallow, on the sunny sjdo . of r forty ; i but j you'd-- imagine that: ho was only , the younger brother, and very littlo tho ybunger,-of-Palraer*ton,-as the pair proceed down tho 'passage, 'stranfebrs1'asking which was tho Minister?, -tho difference in age being- imperceptible at-a'litile distance, . arid certainly not'at all perceptible from, any diffbrónúo in gait or -bearing. Tho Speakor having-read the ' speech :as juBt fend-by tho Lord Chancellor,' the member's once more shook hnhds 'with:-their now 'no longer . chief.- -The Home-Secretary bogan on the one side, Henley on' the other, and sb they 'alternately flied' away into nothingness and space. Graham, as already statod, gave and received the longest and warmest greet-' ihg; and, next'to him, Disra'oli, who, straugo to say, is. an universal favourite ? with everybody, oontrary tb : tho gibberish you read in'tbe papers of Manchester, apropos at wbiob, it may be' added, that Mr. Lowe nearly tumbled oh his nose, so profoundly 'did ho make his obeisance; Tho last man of all was Olivoira, who said something very particular/perhaps tp tho effect that if his lordship, [Lefevre is ;iiow Lord Áverslie,] \ wanted a really good bottle of wlné.'fruity bees'-wingy old'port,'nutty sherry, oir .wbat not,' B'. 0. was the man to supply it;, direct ns . imported, at 3 months' credit, pr 5 per bent, off'for net cash! -His lord ship looked benignly oh'tho'"legislativo tradesman' ; 'winked ; upheaved his pondorbuB bulk from out- the sont weenoo ha had overawed tho OOO for eigh- teen years. ; strode pensively away ;-and so an end. i ' '. ' ' - ? ? - ? 