SPORTING INTELLI&B;ÑOE. * THE MELBOURNE RACES. THIRT) DAY. Notwithstanding the threatening aspect of tho weather yesterday morning, a consider- able number of persons set out at an early hour for tho racecourse, and, although a rathor heavy shower fell about twelve o'clock, tu courage of the pleasure-seekers could Bcaroaly be said to have received a damper, for at oat) o'olock, when the firat event of the day ca na off, there was every appearance of the cour J o being as much crowded as on the previous day, and at that hour many thousands of persons had collected. After the first race WM over, the rain set in, and foil in torronti throughout the whole of the day. As might bo expected, this had the effect of driving coa Biderable numbers home, and those who re- mained behind sought the wretched shelter af- forded by the canvas booths and Graad Stand, none of which were sufficiently i a pervious to prevent their occupants fron getting inore or less drenohod with wet. Whaa the last two or three events came off, tin ground was comparatively cleared of visitors, and the course was so thoroughly sa- turated with rain, that horses and jockey¿ presented all tile appearance of havla_{ wallowed in a lake of rand. Taking into con- sideration tho wretched condition of thi course, yesterday's racing showed a deoidei improvement on the two previous days. Th i first evont of tho day waa the Grand Handi- cap Steeplechase, which was won by Walk- over. Camel fell heavily on taking the fonoi after the stone wall, and his rider fell under bim, but fortunately neither of them recoivdi I any damage, und alter a Bhort delay the nord > was again mounted by his jookuy, but ne w.u unable to obtain any place in the race. Tad second race wusan Optional Steeplechase, which was won by Brumniy, a horse altogether out of the betting. Oomua fell, aud threw hld rider, at the fence'under the hill, und no vor afteiwards appeared in tho race. The ridoi WOB stunned by his fall, but did not receive any severe injuries. Next in order folio wad the ovent which created more txeitemoat than all the other races of the day. A swoev stakes in which the horse which had pre- viously shown himself to be the best horan ia Victoria WHS matched againBt the Sydney champion. The betting was three to one o i the ¡Sydney horse, but there were no takocrf, and Veno was uuiveraally booked m the winner. The result of the race, how- ever, showed that thoso who all along coa tended for Tomboy to be the selected horse to run against Veno were conect in their appre- ciation of his qualities, lor Tomboy led ca i way all around, und never allowed his puaitla i to bein the least threatened or endangered. Veno was also beaten by Mosstrooper, and came m an indiifcrent third, Tomb3y securing the first piuco by full half a dozan lengths. Thuio can be no grounds for tUd pretence that Veno was " held in"-on the) contrary, he wus pushed to the top of lils speed, and no efi'orts were wan ting on the part of his jockey to land hitn a winner. Tas lieuvinubH of the course hus also been allegji as a cause of Veuu'rf defciic, but when his ex- tra stride is taken into the account this exeas J can seat eely be considered satisfactory. How Tomboy was beaten by. Cooramin in tha mutch wiiich was made botweon them appears all the more mysterious after his excellent runniDg of yesterday, and certululy there is ample room for the uninitiated to suppose that something is due to ''jockeying" in the matter. If ever enthusiasm was manifested by an assemblage of persons, it was certainly ex- hibited yesterday on Tomboy's success, the Viotoi ians betraying every symptom of delight nt Veno having been so thoroughly beaten as ho was. Both the winning horse and bia ridei were recoived with deafening cheers an'l .waving of hats as they passed the Grand Stand. Trie match between Alice Hawthorne and Cardinal Wiseman was won by the Cardinal. 'The mare was ridden by Higgerson, Veno's jockey, and certainly all that rider could da was done to make her win. The course wa? ngulnBt her, doubtless, but still had the raia not fnllen there is scarcely any doubt that th¡ result would havo been Bimilar. The Forçai Handicap and Hack Races concluded theday'c pioceeding, but neither of them call for au; special mention. At about five o'clock thoai who had remained to see the close of tho day'* ruoing, all more or less covered with mud an! thoroughly drenched to the skin, retrae id i Loir steps to Holbourne, and thus ended a doy which wus productivo of some good rooins, under the extremest difficulties, and of great discomfort to"those who had calculated on a day's good enjoyment. Subjoined is a detailed account of the day's racing : UnA.vti Bruma HANDICAP STKKFLECUABE. 200 aova. Eutranco 10 sova. About tlirce miles, ovor sua i courcto as tlio stewards may appoint. Winners of any steeplechase of tlio valuo of £100 after tht publication of the wolglits to carry 7 lb. extra. Mr. Abbott's b. fr. Wulkovor.1 Mr. Jlllot's bl. a. Hamblor .s Camel, Triton, and Black Boy also started, but were not placed. Betting-2 to 1 agst. Gomel ; 5 to 2 agst. Wulkoverj 4 to 1 agst. Sambier. Walkover went away looking "all alive and merry" and " up to everything," followed by Biuck. Boy, Kurabler, and Camel ; Triton in tiiB mar. All took .their leaps well, clear- ing the Btono wall in gallant Btyle. At the next leap Gomel "turned turtle:" his ridar, however, quickly recovered his horse and seit, ai.d went away after his mates. Black Boy maintained the lead, taking his "timber neatly, well attended by Walkover and Barn bier, and running a fast pace, with the race apparently all in his own hands. The leap at the top of the hill bothered Wulkover, who, making a clumBy ruBh, foil, but wa» up and on again in a moment. Alt down tue hill Black Boy looked like a winner, and the "sporting men" considered It "all right and settled," when lol at comiug to the knp at the foot, the horse baulked, and no " liuiBuasion " could for some time lift him over the fence. Walkover and Rambler took the leaps» in first-rate stylo, and tried their beBt to finish with a flat race,-the former, notwithstanding threo ugly falls, coming in first, Bombier a good second, ana Blucli Boy (tmving been persuaded to "chungo Bides" with the rasper) third. About five minutes aftorwards darnel showed up. evidontly much distressed, and his rider literally a," representative of tha Buil." Triton made his appearance some time alter, dead lame. Tun OPTIONAL SKLLINO STUKI'IIBCIIASB. 100 sovs. ^Entrance, C sovs. Woight for airo, with allow- ances and penalties, i yrs., lOst. 71b. ; 6 yis., Hit. 101b. ; 0 yrs. and aged, 12st. 71b. Tho wlnnor to bl sold for 42200. Horses ontorod not to bo sold, to cony 141b extra. If ontorod to bo sold for £160, allowed 71b. ; for £100, allowed 141b. ; for £5J allowed 211b.; fi.r 30f., allowod 281b. The winner, if priced, to bo sold by uucilon after tho raoo, aal the surplus to go to tho raeo fund. Over tho sii'no courso as in tho Grand Stoeplochoso. Mr. Hill's br. g. Brummy. 1 Mr. Abbott's cb. g. Fivoy. 2 Nimrod, Comus, and Grey Friars also Started. Betting : 8 to 1 agst. Fivey, 8 to 1 agst. Cornus, ato 1 agst. all others. A good start was modo and the lot weat away fairly, Flvey and Comus showing the way to takothejuinps, the example beingduly followed by the other " tits" to the stone wall, to which Nimrod and Grey Friars decidedly objected. Fivey, Comus, and Brummy m ide a first-rate match, all close together, taking " tho timber" beautifully, und carne down the hill (as the rain did 1 rapidly. At the bottom Brummy had the lead. At the leap, Comas came down " a smasher," severely injuring tita jock, and leaving the race to the two othaw, which was cleverly won by Brummy. The other horses were nowhere. SwBürSTAKES of 28 sovs., 16 a. ; withlOO sovs. aided. For all horses. Mr. Purcell's br.g. Tomboy (Holmes) ., ,, 1 Mr. Keighran's b. g. Mosstrooper .. .. .. 2 Mr. W. T. Rowo's ch. g. Veno .0 | Hunttr, Woodpecker, and Van Tromp also , started, but were not recognised. , The start waB an uncommonly good one, all away togethor, Tomboy singling himself out proudly, the reBt in " a ruck/' with the excep- tion of Hunter, who " drovo all before him." The ground had now, with the continued rain, become very heavy, and the naga kept their position "all there," going easy and steady round the course. Opposite the Stand Tomboy WUB still leading, lively as "asprite " Veno carefully jockeyed, and Woodpecker in full play. At the gate, however, Veno lot out, and raced after Tom- boy, expecting, it was presumed, as usual to catch anything he pleased ; hero, however ho was for once mistaken : with all Higher son's excellent management it was " no go " Tomboy "held his own," and would not bo caught, but lathor increased his distance . while in the heavy ground under the hill (now rendered swampy by the continued rain), Moss trooper showed forward briskly, challenged the 1' Srdney oraok," passed him, and raced np a fair second to Tomboy, who came in a winner by half a dozen lengths, amidst the cheers of the Victorians, Veno a bad third and unequivocally dead beaten. ' MATdn ros 61,000 to £600.-Two and a half milo». Mr. Warby's bl, h. Cardinal Wiseman, 12 st. 41b 1 Mr. A. Chtrutldo's gr. m. . Allco Hawthorn" 12st. lib. . '2 ' This was a splendidly ridden race and although the state of the course from, the continued ralu made the ' match iu favor of the horse, Alice was lookod on most favorably, mounted as she WAS I hy lier lato opponent ia riding (HJggersoa, Venostrainer and jock),-and never waa tim mare better ridden. At Btartlng it was evi dently "What are you going to do?" aid until coming to the >rjow very heavy c-roun I pnder the hill, eaoh waited on the other though at a rattling pace; here, however the superior power of the horse told, and he'took place number one-at "the Stand"it WH neck and neck-when about one third lound the course the mare showed in front, but wa again collared when opposite the Grand Stand thence the nogsraced neck and neck to the soft ground, whero tho Cardinal again took pri- ce dence of the mare, nnd galloped in a wlnnar by fully three lengths. FORCED HANDICAP. 15 sovs. for all winnora durhnr thoprosont mooting (Pony, Sourry, and Hack SU'eo« oxcoptod). Olio aud a half milo. Losora admitted on paj mont ol' £6. Mr. Harvoy's b. m. Linnet .. ., .. , , Mr. Fraser's b g. Van Tiomp .. .. ' Î For this race the following horses" also etarted, viz., Bathershins, Haphazard, and Walkover. Haphazard was the favorite at startm? 1 amongst the few sporting men who had nat I been driveu away by the heavy and con- tinued rain. The lot went away cleverly, by the judloions management of the starter, Hap. hazard leading with " the Dutchman" keeplae hiBeyeonhim. In the heavy ground under the hill Van Tromp took an improved position, butwas collared near the straight running by Linnot, who took up the pace and won cleverly Van Tromp being second, BathershinB woll worked np to the third position, and H»p. hazard fourth. The day s sporting amusements closed with TUB IHACK RACKS of 25 BOVS. Entronco, 2 BOVJ. Oncn round tho courao. Tho wlnnor to bo sold for not loss than iOl., and any excess to go to tho raes fund. Mr. Walton's ch. g. Taamm .I Mr. Godwin's b. g. Ghost . 2 Bessie Bedlam, Minnie, Wait-a-While, and Podgers al60startea\and although a not exactly "high turf lot," afforded much amusoimat, all evidently meaning to win. To-morrow's sports will much depend oa the weather. Several matches ore, wa understand, talked of, and wo believe, weather permitting.'a very tidy doy's amuse- ment will be afforded on tho course. Tattersall^ was well attended last night and, though no amount of business was trans- acted, soveral very beneficial alterations wore suggested, chiefly by sporting gentlemen from the Sydney side, which, if followed ont, will not only tend to improve the tone of sporting society here, but elevate it into the position it should hold-thatof true respectability, Spmo bold offers were mndo for challenges for two matches by our sporting friends at Geelong, which, although not token up this evening were provisionally promised to be provided for in the course of tomorrow, presuming tua proposer thon being willing, but to which clause, as far as we could understand, no reply vi as made. _ 