A GLASGOW WEST-END DINNER. 'We select tho^folldwing passages from an entertaining article -in iFraser^s Magazine, en titled 'A Christmas Week at Glasgow ' : — The dinner-hour at Glasgow is six, or half past six, rarely seven. 'The dweller in any of West- end crescents is dailv reminded of the fact by a tremendous roll of cabs and carriages about that time. Then there is an intermission ; and between ten and eleven p.m. the rolling re commences ; the dinner guests are going home. Again it dies away, but often revives between two and three a.m., signifying that the youth ful spirits of the town are returning from an evening party. Something of business punc tuality characterises the. arrival of dinner guests. In less than two minutes after the hour has been chimed by the neighboring clocks, every one is in the drawing-room. We have heard it said that the taste of Glasgow ladies in the im- portant matter of dress is very doubtful — that they have a tendency to tawdriness and over bright colors. We utterly deny the impeach ment. We saw, indeed, very costly and splendid attire, lit up by jewels which, in some cases, represented more thousands of pounds than our readers ^you]4 perhaps bolieve ; but ?hardly once did we see an example of vulgar gattdiness. Many of the youngjadies of Qla.B cow have been educated at; SugUsh hoarding achools, and have there acquired that accent which falls gratefully on the Southern ear. And if their fathers and mothers for the most part employed a dialect whose intonations and occasional idioms were indubitably Caledonian, why, how should a Scotchman or a Scotch woman speak but with a Scotch accent 1 Qur ppnial and accomdished friend. Professor Blackie, of Edinburgh, has lately assured us that the Scotch are ' a superior nation' to the English ; and of course the Scotch way of ren dering the English language must be a better was than ours. But we have trooped down stairs, having in charge a pretty, lively, and intelligent Glasgow girl, intrusted to us by our host, who, with agitated face, and a look as though he were doing something he was ashamed of, has walked about tho drawing-room card and pencil in hand, ticking off each man as he informs him what lady he is to take care of. An imposing array of six or seven men-servants— two of them our friend's own, the remainder, attired in butler costume, being beadles of some of the parish churches — is drawn up outside the dining-room door? The dining- room is the universally re- 1 curring oaken chamber j it is a blaze of light, gas being constantly burned both in drawing and dining rooms at Glasgow : the guests are twenty-six in number ; the tablo, of course, is a very long one, and glitters with a great profu sion of the handsomest plate. The silversmiths I of Glasgow must have ' an especial genius for epergnes ; wa never saw more elegant ones. The party, as an invariable rule, includes at least one of the clergymen of the city ; grace is said somewhat more lengthily than wo are accustomed to hear it in the South : then the serious business of the day commences. Would that we had the genius of him who, in our early days _ was wont to make our mouth water by his dosoription in the Times of the Guildhall Banquet on Lord Mayor's day ! Only he could give the readers of our dear magazine a just idea of what Major Dalgetty was wont to pall the'jt wovant. Suffice it for us to say, that everything that wealth can buy, served up with a gastronomic skill which bewilders the choice but soothes the heart, is presented to pur view, course .after course. No wonder that it was a Glasgow man who wrote that touching paper on the ' Art of Dining,' in the Quarterly Review. Few men could have had better oppor tunities of understanding the art, whether in theory or practice. And. who, save a mere gluttonous devourer and imbiber, but would find the foie f/ras and the sparkling Moselle the more pleasing to his higher nature, for the sprightly, clever, well-informed, intelligent, but ' not too intellectual gossip of tho white-robed maiden by His side 1 She reads the leaders of the Saturday ? Review ; she is well-up in the writings of Alfred Tennyson and Archbishop Whately alike; good sense, a kindly ana amiable temper, a reverence for whatever is worthy and excellent, and abundance ? of fun and merriment characterise that Glasgow girl. We are growing quite spoony about her already ; and what Briton but must feel for her a more disinterested and unmercenary admiration, when he reflects upon her twenty thousand pounds. Ah, poor barrister of the Middle Temple, she will marry some man old enough to be her great-grandfather, but whose pounds ten times out-number hers : blue woudst thou look when her cool-hoaded governor should mildly speak as to settlements ; she is not for such as thee ! The ladies are gone ; but little drinking pro ceeds among the men. Glasgow gentlemen are invariably temperate. Still the claret circles gaily. Look at the silver jug ; it bears a flat tering inscription ; for of courso our friend re ceived it as a testimonial from a circle of friends. Look round the table and the room : never were there more elegant dessert dishes!; but dessert is little touched, save by that lad in a round jacket, who is making play at the preserved ginger and the candied French fruits. This is our host's son and heir.; and our hosts countenance may occasionally be seen contorted in a frown, as young hopeful takes a fresh glass of claret. His face is flushed and his eyc» pinky : that is the result of the preserved ginger. Those portraits on the wall are of our host and wife ; the likeness is perfect, but as mirprllv nnitlier of them ever looked half so well ; these .ire from the brush of that firstrate Glasgow artist and most genial man, Mr Daniel Macnee. For an admirable likeness andapleasing picture, we will back him against any K.A. in London. And there, in crayons, by the same skilful hand, is the portrait of a sweet girl of fifteen, on which our host's eye sometimes falls, with an expression which is thoughtful, but not sad. She dwells in this house no more. That daughter of the house, the ino3t amiable, the most beautiful, the best, was the first to fade. It should almost seem as if the best and sweet est specimens of our race were systematically cut down and taken away from this world, while the weeds and tare's are left. You must look upon the grave-stones to find the names of those who promised to be purest and noblest of our race : they died in early youth, perhaps in early childhood ? their sweet smiles, their thoughtful eyes, their singular words and ways, are among the buried treasures of yearning hearts. You go to many house besides this where they tell you, and tell you truly, that beautiful, amiable, spiritual as the living mem bers of the family may be, their grace and goodness and genius are all nothing when com pared with those of the brother or the sister that died. But talk goes on apace among the men. If there be a fault about the conversation at a Glasgow dinner table after the ladies have left, it is that the conversation is too local. A great deal is said about city affairs and politics ; of recent commercial gains and losses ; of money in all its relations ; of public buildings and street improvements ; of preachers of local eminence ; of churches which are building ; of extraordinary prices paid for land within town. And there is hardly a circumstance which says so much for Glasgow's wonderfully rapid ad vance in commercial greatness, as the way in which ground , in. many parts of it has increased in valp.e in the memory of man,. We are' told, though' it appears hardly cre dible, that a plot of ground fronting one ot the principal streets was lately. : sold at a price equivalent to two hundred and fifty thousand an acre, Who would not rather possess a few housand square yards in Buchanan street, than n equal space i* thq Yale of Tempe J We go to tho drawing-room whence distant strains of music have been heard all this while. We heard extremely pleasing singing in Glas gow, almost exclusively from ladies. The soh^s are just what one is accustomed to hear. One or two young men sang comic songs with amaang spirit We found that Villikins and ins Dinah and tho Ratcatcher's Daughter, are enjoying that popularity on the banks of the e 3 m, they are rat&er; losing on the banks oi the Thames. modern Athens. — The resemblance be- 1 tween Athens and Edinburgh, which lias been remarked by most travellers who Lave visited both, capitals, has conferred upon the Scotch metropolis the title of 'Modern Athens.' Stuart, author of the ' Antiquities of Athens,' was the first to draw attention to this resem blance ; and his opinion has been confirmed by the testimony of many later -writers, Dr Clarke remarks that the neighborhood of Athens is just i s SCQtland enriched with the splendia remains of art ; and Mr H. W. Wil llfl.mc nhonxtmr, j.1. _ J- a . ? * » . i r Twi;C8- LUilb tuscanc view or Atiiens trom the iEgean Sea is extremely like that of Edinburgh from the Firth of Forth, though ccr m- . 'er 13 considerably superior. — From J.1 ITiJj S CuriOSltl6S of FTisf.ory' An Ex-Empekob defending nis Garden ? n was characteristic of him that he defp'^ded this territory from invasion with as mu^'a iealousv as if it formed a portion of a domi^on, within which, a throne of his own was orated. Pigs, kids, '0r 'j9^vcu, ^vcr crosp. tne sacred frontier. TJ ,ev paid dearly for intrusion. The imp erftj fowling- piece laid them low. The noblest 4e ' v against wxJOm he had to contend was a b un now then, who, having a contempt for V;s fcnces would, break through, and comme-ucf. pasturmcr on the imperial grass. The rifle, or the fowlimr pieoe, again rendered justice to t'ae lord of the domain, who became so fond o;i us-'.ng his weapon, and firms ncrht and left, wb he was assailed, that sor;^ anxiety was at length aroused, and jbir Hr dson actually sent a hypo thetical case home for the opinion of the counsel for th-^ Crown, wherein it was asked that, supposing a. life were lost by the dangerous amuseirv-mt indulged in by ' General Bonaparte,' c°uli the latter be made amenable to law, and t je penalties attaching to murder or manslaughter be exacted from him 1 It would have been an extraordinary .close to such a career, if the Era peror, crowned by a Pope, had finished as a 'con- vict at Botany Bay, or by a more disagreeable catastrophe at the hands, of the island Calc raft at St. Helena. — Dr. Doran. 'What to do in a Printing Office. — When you enter a printing-office, leave tho door open behind you. Then gawk about ; r ead all the manuscript you can get your hands on ; it is no difference — editors have no business with secrets — besides, you might discover some plot against the Government — crush it in the bud, and thus become ;-, public benefactor ! Be sure to ask the compositor to let you look at the copy he is at work on ; of course he won't be so unpolite as to refuse so reasonable a request ! Examine the types, pick them up, look at them, and throw them down, no matter in which box ; what the deuce do printers have so many little boxes for, if they want folk to be so very particular ! Don't neglect the press ; catch hold of the handle— pull it round — there, let it go — not much damage done ! Now set yourself in the sanctum. and, after whistling a favorite tune, ask the editor for the paper he is reading, or entertain him with some long-winded harangue, or something which interests you, not him. Follow these directions closely, or the spirit of them, aud you'll certainly be popular with the printers, — American paper. The House was Haunted. — The age of su ?perstition has not yet departed, for during the past week strange rumors were afloat that the old Bull and Dog Tavern, in the High street, Sunderland, was haunted by the ghost of the late landlord, Mr Barron, .who died suddenly a short time ago, vjithout a will, leaving property to the amount of il 6,000, which it is said will revert to the Crown. Several superstitious persons openly asserted that they had seen the spectre in various shapes, and it was also stated that the people of the house were afraid to live in it, and that the relations of the deceased had offered a reward of _£100 to any two men who would sleep in the house, and guard them from the entrance of the fearful apparition. So great was the credit accorded to these rumors, that two stalwart fellows, from Mr Hartley's glassworks, offered to stay in the haunted house but they were not admitted. On Wednes night, soon after dark, people began to assemble in front of the house, and about eight o'clock it was estimated that there could be no fewer than 3,000 persons occupied in gazing at the window of the haunted house. About nine o'clock, the shadows of two gigantic figures, strangely attired, one armed with a battle axe, and the other with a sword, were thrown upon one of the window curtains, and believed to be the forms of visitants from the spiritual world. The specres engaged in a furious combat, which lasted tome time. At length the swordsman passed his weapon through his antagonist's body, whereupon the women in the crowd uttered loud shrieks. We are informed that the spectres sien at the window were officers of an Odd Fellows' Lodge, meeting in the house, and that the combat was a lark got up by two of the brethren after the lodge had closed. — Sunder- land Times. A Man Pawned for Three Shillings. — We removed our household gods and goods on one occasion, ' in the spring-time o' the year,' to No. Seventy, Seventh-street, two doors from the First Avenue. (Bye-the-bye, an inconveni ent direction to give ; ' for once a man,' took a load of hickory wood for us up to Seventy-seventh street, two doors from First Avenue !— -mistaking the number for the name of the streot !) We had at last got 'all moved.' It was the second day of May, and very warm ; and we had been hard at w°rk since morning, 'putting' things to rights,' hanging pictures in the sanctum, &c.;, assisted by an old friend, the 'willingest creetur' that ever was,' and the ' handiest man about a house,' — six feet and upwards in height, and stalwart in proportion. Bye-aud- bye we became an huugered. Dinner was out of the question in the house : so, ''accoutred as we were,' without a vestment, save underclothes and thin sack- coat3, we repaired to a restau rant, at tho head of the street, kept by a ' color'd gemuian.' Everything looked neat and tidy ; and we ordered two nice ' stews ' of oysters, and two glasses of pale ale. All were forthcoming, and presently devoured with abun dant relish. ' How much are we to pay ?' 'Three shillings, gentlemen.' We felt for our change ; but vest-pocket there was none, because there was no vest. We explained to our friend our 'fix,' and asked him to disburse. But, as Dogberry says, ' ' Fore heaven, we were both in a case !' He had left his waistcoat behind, in the pocket of which he was wont to carry banknotes and small silver, and 'had'nt first red cent.' We put on our hats, remarking that the money should be sent up at once from the house. 'No,' said the sable resiorateur, 'I want my money now. I don't keep 'ister- houseon tick.' We explained that we hadjust moved into the street, and give him the number ; repeating that, by mere chance, we happened not to have the money. Can't help that,' was the surly reply : ' seen sich chaps as you afore.' Our tall friend began to be ' riled.' Drawing himself up to his full height, he said, ' Do I look like a man who would cheat you out of three shillings ?' The negro gave his long-tailed stew-pan a shako over the grate, and ran a rapid glance over the questioner, and replied : ' Yes, I think you do ! — any way, I want my 7 none// ?\ How do you think we got it, reader ? Why, we left our tall friend in .pawn; wickedly prolonged his confinement, 'just for fun and finally redeemed him. How loftily he walked down the street after his disoharge ; and how often we have laughed at so eminently pre sentable and ' personable:' a man being ' placed in pawn for three shillings !' He has never for ' gotten it, and never will. — Knickerbocker. 