MAEEIAGE WITH: A DECEASED WIPE'S SISTER. ! ? ^ ' ' TO THH BDITOB OF THB HEGI3TEB. Sir— ¥our correspondent 'Discipulus' asks tk great deal when he asks' for anything written by, Mr. Binney.to be put into clearer language than that used by the author. Judging frem hiB own styte, 1 readily imagine that 'Dis- cipulus'. is right in complaining of some 'obliquity of Vision ill apprehending;' and this, I think, explains tho confusion. How ever, I will put Mr. Binney's argument in other words, if that will do. The text in ques tion may bo translated in two ways; in one way, by rendering the words idiomatically ; in the other, by adhering to their literal significa tion. The idiomatic form is admissible when things previously described are referred to, such as the cherubim, &c.; In these instances, 'one to another' .is the proper translation. In the text on which this discussion has arisen the words do not refer to things previously described, but to persons not before described, and therefore they require' a literal rendering, so that ' one woman to a sister '' is the trans lation which the necessity of the case requires. Mr. Binney qualifies this decision by the word- 'probability,' not as expressive of any doubt in his ' own mini of the validity . of the argument, but as in dicating that possibly others may not agree with him — -a possibility exemplified in the form the controversy has assumed here. Then, in his usual mode of exhausting an ar gument by anticipating his opponents' ob jections, he goes on to say that supposing the idiomatic form to* be insisted upon, it Bhould be adopted altogether and not partially. The translation, 'one wife to another,' is a mixture of.the two. ' One wife' ia beginning the translation literally ; -'to another,' is finishing it idiomatically. This he objects to as ' hall comment half text.' Can words be clearer ? Then, again, supposing for the sake of argument that this reading is insisted on, he illustrates the confusion thereby introduced. If we read that a man must not take ' one wife to another,' then the expression ' in her life time' is' unnecessary. How can a man take one wife to another excepting in her lifetime? ,' Discipulus' runs away from the discussion when he talks of the prohibitions required by the then existing licentiousness. Mr. Binney is criticising a text, not discussing the state of Hebrew morality. Then, if the force of the prohibition rests upon the supposition that such a marriage would 'vex' the first wife, the words ' in her lifetime' are equally redun dant. Tho marriage must be in her lifetime to occasion vexation -, and, finally, if the pro hibition is confined to the 'taking,' then the whole of the latter clause becomes unneces sary and redundant, and the text is reduced to a mere prohibition of polygamy. The conclu sion arrived at by the Bishop and Mr. Gard ner, is disproved by the universal prevalence of polygamy amongst the Jews, not only then, but for ages afterwards, and impliedly with the highest sanction, as shown in the case of David. I do not understand what 'Disci- pulus' means by calling this ' extremely nega tive reasoning,' any more than I understand many other expressions in his letter. I quoted Mr. Binney, because I agree with 'Disci- pulus' in thinking him a writer eminently dis tinguished for his clearness ; and a little more care in reading) the extracts I gave would, I think, have rendered this answer to his request unnecessary. _ On the merits of the question, generally, allow me to say that I greatly regret not having seen until 'last Saturday a collection of pamphlets on this subject, published by a So ciety in England formed for the express purpose of obtaining an alteration in the existing law. Not only would it have saved me some trouble, by supplying ready to hand every argument at present used here in favour of such alteration, but it would have enabled me readily to have disposed of the few remaining ghosts of argu ments on the other side. Of one thing, how ever, it has fully satisfied me— if the learning, the law, and tho reasoning there set forth are brought to bear on our Bill when it is sent home for approval, the measure will be perfectly safe* , I am, Sir, &o.;, ? ^ A. B. 