FACTS ABOUT SQUATTING.! To the Editor of the Argus. Sir,--Your coi respondent "HS* some i two weeks ago complained of my first letter I as one of many injurious ones that apbearei ' in your pages on the land question Tim 'con ten tod being dropped into a pastoral license some fifteen years ago, ho says hal been quite happy ever Bince, believcB that ' whatever IB, is right, and has sacred ideaj about that divinity ' which doth hedge m v squatter." I firmly believe him He further charges me with treating abont a certain baron qf Koort-Koqrt-nong I treatel nothing about the baron, but by way of com 'pinson I shoved him ahead of the most diatiu guished grtii-ier in Europe, where, in the mean time I will leave him But, inasmuch as otu said baron has been public property forth.' j last nine months, and inasmuch us hois ono of our most rabid andilliberul.squatters I might yet return to his particular case and conduct 'HS' does not say what shape he gave t ) that child of much ¡thought-that precio a i bantling-the result of fifteen years' study o i the tenure of, and payment tor, Crown land* An endless lente, with a very Bmall groun I rent, would most likely be the leading features in tho outline of that unforiunatj " bairn ' whom the ghost of Stephen Ewen committed to the flames Why dOB3 ' fl S," mátf ad Of ¡addressing himself to thä subjeqt of squatting' cant about what I might Jiave been if I had made a good use of my ,"timç? My individual success or the reverse cannot affect the question, but I inll bac* tay home or colonial oharactor against that of H S " any day 'So much for that "Back l.oodsman" is only » scholar, and deserve.) < liitle notice as a practical fai mer. He deals in abstract ideas and there is nothing tan- gible in one of hw letters, but their drift and i mdahing goes to suppprt the doctrine that the squatting ey stem, as it now, existí, U i pearly porfeot- thai( Mr Follows's, "views'ori tho subject are right-that large and un- manageable i stations lara better than 1 small ii and«' well-managed ones, and that the whole affair is better in tin Hands of 700 men than it would be In tha hands of 5,000 1 can draw no other meaning from his highJfloWn epistles Tho Latin may be ljberallty in disguise, for anything; I know, 1 but tho English, as far as it bears on the ques , tjipn of Crown lands, is the reversó His Tar- tuffe, his Clootz, his SganaroUe, his. Scapm i were they men or gods? Verily, it is a fine thing to be able to sport Latin and ancient history in writing about the Crown lands of I, Victoria ! A sctlap book, Sir, must be vef;y use- ful that scrap boqk, informed, "Bockwoois , muh" that any meddling w>th the present runs would endancer our snnnK of animal food, ii showod him his orror in my Uat, ant), np he has,stated nothing else about grazing that (I can take hold, oL I will brand him, and iturn him out; but, be fore doing isa, D must notice his last letter cn thesiilyect of free selection d£ land, I r ' and deferred pay rhèhts. Ho soys,." Wiat ri ha'Bohe man'to walk np a rich gully or flat, I and say, This is mino?" I say this nian hap, I every right to' say "Thls'gully or flat is mino, if I take, it up' and (pay :for.; it according ' to ?Jaw.,"'.but a;law providing for this mode .of ; colonising- would fix the . prjce.of the gully or flat at a very.different; figure* from -thearid plain, or the stringy-bark range,or \- the miserable 'swamp..>.? A law regulating free .?Belection.'iand .deferred payments would ; certainly r^dyor enact that a.uniform!price ;should"W rJaidforall descriptions.'.óf Jand ; ', ,therufdr,c, that: one man out of. the four bun» Stared thousand has*-perfeot,.light to,"that,; i cullyor flat at its fixed price, or to the moat ', «iferior lot at its fixed;priee. "Backwoodsman" "points'"out' a'great many'obstacles 'to the ..carrying out of this.plan, and states that Mr. ÇoJin'Caniilbéll admits it wrought badly ia New South Wales. Mr. Campbell ought to .haveijstated-that in those days sheep were .'Hilling'¡at 'two'shillings;and half-ájqrpwn.a,' hfa'd, cattle'at 7s., 6d; each, wheat; Is. ßd. ' per .bushel, .and the price', of.'.'ihreè,,,horses was'equivalent to that of one new.saddle.. Xuud.wns nearly valueless, and labor down to /.j£l2:atyd:£l.O;;per annum for. able men. No wonder, in';;,'8Üon . circumstances, .that"à slight,répudiation took place., This léóds ine. ,ón;to state ,iriylbplnidn. of selection, (not froe' ./selection,'but ^election, according to, fixod '.rules)','and .deferred payments. I belifive that nothing else can savo the colony from a state .of u barona, and Boris." I say',..then, Jet tha' Crown lands be surveyed in blocks of, the most infericr land, from 2,600 acres to 5,000 acres, ¡and fix the price of it at ftfteen shillings per .acre, payable in equal instalments over five years, Let middling land be surveyed in blocks of from 1,000 acres to 2,600 acres, and fix its price at Jtwenty-fiv« shillings per aore, ,nayaplp over five years. Survey the best lands in hlgcks of (near towns) 100 acres, best coan» -try latida from 500 to 1,000 acres with a fixed price (near towns of SA per acre), and country forty fivo shillings per acre, payable over five yeors-rcompulsory improvements and' posi- tive occupation in all cases. Let a trua.de Bcription'of the various blocks bo exposod in public'land offices, and lot those whojwant . laud choose according to law and their owa Svithts, with a firm understanding that the liiw will be carried out with regard to poy ' ment and all othor conditions with the utmost rigor. This system would not endanger tin public- credit; it would strengthen it. This .system would do away with the gambling, the unnatural 'excitement, the ungentlemanly conduct too often to be observed ia our auction-marts. This system would give as a fixed " middle class," who, I have sold before, are the pride and standing of any country. , For this class I write. I consider my state- ments with regard to it undeniable/ «No country can bo freo without it. But, jvhilo this class was being gradually sealed to the country, squatting muBt and ought to (50 on in the remoter districts. The change can- not be made in a day or year,'but why not '.begin? Our rulers seem to be incapable of 'administering to the changing . wants, of the colony; ahd if these changing wants are greater than thoso of other colonies, our rulers are better ' paid for comprehending thom. ,ihey, however,'shun all details, like "Back- woodsman," and art bntyintent on bolstering ¡upjthc system by which 1,000 sheen can be grazed for ¡£25 a year, which leads me Î07 observe, for the third time,' that if the_ squatting system ahd the auction system are" eorried on for the 'next five years, they (the squatters) will'be in absolute possession of that half of tho colony which will secure to ihem the other half on easy terms. I have now tjO'notice Mr. Colin Campbell's scheme for forming a class of "yeomen.. Oh l He Bays he would bontinue the' auction system, and then supposes the case of a'colo-1 nist getting 6á0 acres for as many,'pounds,ço pay 0*320 down, and B per cent for the other halt, fix Will Mr Campbell inform the-Jublicii what sore of land will be got at pabilo auction for one pound per ocrp. la it not lahd'whioh ho .publicly estimate's at six acres'tq one sheep Î Is it hot land with no wood \\}n it ?; or else a dense1 heavy forest ? Is it not land [ with a right to some puddle or waterhole, i three or four miles distant, or else some dtsma in swamp, that is hearty" all water for half th i year ? Nobody knows botter than Mr. Camb I boll that that is the sort of land thai ^to DQ got in auction rooms at one pound per-acre, pr that is now open for selection at; that i prloe, and yet the oxultingly says-' Could I $ny yeoman or farmer seek for a botterTPOBI tion. I Bay, may the gods of-' Backwoods- j man," assist that " yeoman" .iri feeding, ¿loth-!, ing, and educating hid'family on the produce*! of ono hundred and six andu two thirds 'sheep ' I havo ,nó*# stated 'a, good '-ifaany fabfa about squatting" and land, WhTn V havo seen any 'one take 'them 'up' wjth a viow to disprove them, lean, ana'perhapi will, glvo the naines'of persons,'places; and ' things, to prove the truth 'of* whatj'T 'have lam1, Sir,your obedient BervanfJ, 1 ' JUMBUCK. ' Drafting Yards,, Anguat, 1867. 