A PRELIMINARY MEETING was called by placard this morning to bo held in tho Now Market Place, at 12 f^'clock at noon, to consider tho propriety of supporting the present Ministry in their endeavour to carry out Retrenchment and Reform. At a later hour the Daily News informed us, 'on tbo best authority, that tho originators of this movement are n guarantee for its respectability, and that a numerous and really influential meeting may be cilculatcd on with certainty.' At nlout a quarter past 12 the Mayor having declined to allow the meeting to be holden in the Market Place, for tho simple reason that his consent-as the lawfully constituted autho- rity-had not beau asked, a temporary platform was erected outside the Collins- street gates, and the chair wau taken by tho Knight-errant of Bertrams, Mr. I). T. Kilburn. Tho remaining guarantees of tbo respectability of tbo meeting who took a place on the platform wero Mr. Harris, of tho Constitutional " tippling shop," mid Mr. Sylverius Moriorty I The chairman addressed the meeting to explain the object thereof in a number of disjointed sentences, and urged the meeting at the close of his eloquent address, to namo a day for tho holding of a meeting to express their opinion whether it waB not their wish " If the New Ministry were worth anything" (?) " if their measures were good," to givo thom '* a fair trial." and concluded with nn appeal to the " respectabilités'' to prevent the Ministry being " ßurked"-whether by the ghost of tho great Constitutional writer, or of the murderer, ho did not say-and by reminding them that it would be necessary to nominate " some'* men of standing upon tbo oom . mittee whom they would appoint to arrange tho forthcoming meeting. He then handed a resolution of hi» own "concoction." and which he bad intended to proposo, to Mr. Moriarty, who, in his usual perspicacious style, pulled off his " wida-a-wakc," stroked his " wig,'' and proposed it to the meeting. The resolution, no matter what, was seconded by Mr. W. H. Thompson, and met by an amendment moved by " the aforesaid" Mr. Harris, which was set lo tbe following str»in, that tho policy generally of the prosent administration is acceptable to the people, and the factious opposition of Mr. Chapman prevents it being carried out; the meeting is therefore of opinion that a GKEAT PUBLIC MEETING OP THE CITIZENS should be held on the thirty-first March to consider &c.; &c;, and to condemn the opposition, and to take measures to request Mr, Chapman to resign his seat in the Legislature. The amended proposition was seconded by Thompson, and carried. The meeting then elected their committee. The guarantees for the respectability of the next meeting are-Messrs. Walton, Harris, Walker, Thompson, Mathews, Cliffy, Witton, Moriarty, Drury, LIPSCOMBE, (2) Rheuben, Turner, Lawrence, Wiggins, Lemon, Hurst. KILBURN, Hand, Z. Davies, JOHN REGAN, D. Murphy, and another gentleman who gave no authority for his name to be used. Tho meeting theil dispersed. There wera certainly about 300 persons present, but we cannot reckon upou the majority as sympathisers with the movement. IMPORTANT TO INTENDING PUECHASEUS.-In con- sequence of the day of sale of the horses of Mr. Lord having been inadvertently fixed for the 10th of April by the auctioneer, Mr. Kemp requests us to.draw attention to the chango of the day. The salo will consequently bo held according to the date fixed in tbo revised advertisement, on Thursday, tho 9th, instead of Good Friday. EIIIUTUM.-Jem Filch complains of our printing mild and buneficcnt measure's,' instead of . mild and beneficent manners,' in his letter of Saturday. Our renders will be pletscd to make the correction. BRICKWOBK AND BIHCKS.-Misers. Hront and Westbrook bp; us to inform builders and others that tbo snle of tho brickfields, tho brick machinery, and the bricks, at the Patent Brickworks, will ba bold to-morrow, where all interested parties arc requested to attend. MrcnV&nS; frföToW/S Tr/Kft WWiCflBflSted. by_Mesprs. Pontville, to-morrow, of Mr. Lythgo's stock-in -trade; slops, hosiery, silk and other dresses, bonnets, ribboiiB, and tho usual variety of sundries always foundiu a : ountry store. 