MELBOURNE RACES. - SECOND DAY. THE circumstances of very bright, sunny weather, and the " great event " of the Jockey Club Races operated to attract a considerable concourse of people at these races yesterday on a moderate estimate there could not have been less than ten thousand persons assembled when the Metropolitan Race, in which the Sydney horse and Alice Hawthorn again competed, was run. The Sydneyites did not carry everything before them yesterday, notwithstanding that Veno won the Metropolitan for their second horse, Cooramin, was not only beaten by an outsider, who was altogether out of -the betting, but was "nowhere" during the entire race for the Publicans' Purse. For the Metropolitan nine horses started, including Veno and Alice Hawthorn. On this race the Sydney men offered long Odds, but, so far as we could observe, the offers were not taken. Hurricane went off with the lead, followed by Goldfinder, Veno being in close attendance upon the mare, and taking stride and stride with her at length, however, when Higgerson thought his time was come, he let out the horse, and he was landed an easy winner; Voltaire, second; Alice Hawthorn, third. The position of the mare in the race justifies the riding of Mr. Orr on the previous day, and shows the imputations which were cast against that gentleman to be' most unjust. Alice was ridden by one of the best jockeys to be obtained yesterday, and no complaints were made of his riding, and yettie petition she took was not in any manner improved. With the exception of the Metropolitan, the racing of yesterday was rather below than above the average.. Subjoined is a detailed account of the day's proceedings The Publicans' Purse of 150 sovereigns. For all bones. Entrance, 7 sovereigns ;, one mile. Marco, Dermot Asthore, Sir Robert, Kildare, Cooramin, Stranger, and Beeswing also started, but were not placed. a > Latest betting 3 to 1 against Sir Robert, 4 to 1 against Cooramin, 6 to 1 against Haphazard, 6 to 1 against Dermot Asthore, 16 After a false start, the lot went away well together, Dermot showing in front, closely waited on by Strangers On entering the heavy ground under the bill the two were racing neck and neck. Matter Dermot getting a few smart reminders," and consequently still keeping a slight lead. Coming out of the heavy ground Haphazard came to the front, and a good race ensued, when, however, almost close to the Grand Stand, to the astonishment of every one, and the particular discomfort of the "knowing OHM," Linnet rushed, apparently without trouble, to the trout, and same is an easy winner. ("THE TROTTERS' HANDICAP RACE-To' sovereigns. . Entrance, 10 sovereigns. Second horse to receive back his entrance money. Three times round the course, 4 miles. Mr. Wanston'sg.g.Sambier,aged, last one. 1 Watson's g. m. Betty, aged, 10 stone 7lbs. 2 For this race Donald, Tommy, and Fanny Gray also started. < ' At starting Donald took the lead, and although closely followed and hard pressed by Betty and Rambler steadily kept his lead. Betty second, and Rambler third. THE GREAT METROPOLITAN HANDICAP. 200 sovereigns, added to a sweepstakes of 15 sovereigns ; 10 forfeit, or 5 only if declared on the 1st October. Two miles. The winner of any race of the value of £100, (subsequent to the publication of the weights, to carry 7 lb. extra ; or any two such races, 10 lb. extra. Mr. G. T. Howe's ch. g. Veno, aged, 9 st. 7 lb. (Higgerson). 1 E. Jenkins's ch. g. Voltaire, 6 years, 7 st. 12 10s. ..... 2 Chirnside's g. m. Alice Hawthorn 0 Pollott's b. g. Hurricane i 0 Van Tromp, Inkermann, Goldfinder, Alma, and Will-o'-the-Wisp, also started. ; Betting : Offers £600 to £200. Veno against the lot ; S to 1 against Van Tromp for second place ; 2 to 1 against Alice for second place, but no taken. The first start was a false one, but on the line again , getting "ship-shape" a good start was effected, Hurri- cane leading and making fast running, followed by Goldfinder and Will-o'-the-Wisp On passing the Stand the leading horses maintained their several positions, followed, at a short distance, by Veno and Alice Hawthorn, side by side-a manoeuvre beautifully managed by Higgerson ; the rest in the ruck. These positions were maintained until about reaching the gate, when Veno quietly went forward and took the lead, followed closely by Voltaire, and waited on by Hurricane. Alice looked lively, improved her pace, passed Hurricane near the distance post, and came in a good third. Veno ran in easy, and his rider looking back to see if he wanted more steam" (evidently at his command and the Sydney horse was again declared victorious. The day's sports concluded with the SCURRY STAKES. 50 sovereigns (for all horses) with a sweepstakes of 3 sovereigns added Weight for age. Three quarters of a mile. The winner to be sold by auction immediately after the race, for not less than £50, and any surplus to go to the race fund. Post entrance. For this race the following entries were made Mr. Thorn's h g. Jimcraok, 5 yrs, 9st. 8lb. i Phillips's b. g. Bagman, 3 yrs, 7st. 12 lb. , Team's ch g. Chance, aged, lOst lib. , Godwin's b. g Ghost, aged, 9st. 8lb. Vance's b. g. Mercurio, 3 yrs, 7st. 12 lb. . Powell's ch. g. Eclipse, 4 yrs, 9st. 4lb. Mlldlok'a g. g Freeholder, aged, 10st, lib. .' Brown's b. g Snake, aged, 10st. lib. in Jimcrack, although certainly the most sightly of the lot, proved a whipper-in The lead was taken by Freeholder, and kept possession of up to the winning post, in spite of steel and whipcord, of which there was liberal display. Smike showed up as number 2, and the Ghost 3. 