MERCANTILE AND MONEY ARTICLE. Wednesday Evening. Tns return of the Custom's Revenue of thc Port of Sydney, from the 24th to the 30th of September, is aa" follows : Spirits ." .£«SI 17 5 Ale, porter, "and brer""! ZZ. Mil 0 Tobácea, cigars, and snuff . 1WI 2 11 Ten . 121 8 3 Total. ...... ' .£30fil 10 7 Th« amount of Custom Duties collected during the month of September hu been £39,999 13s. lOd. ; for the same month of 1856, £37,426 16*. 3d. There is therefore an increase of £2572 16s. 7d. on the receipts of the month. During the quarter ended the 30th of September, 1856, £116,079 10a. 8d. was collected, for .the same quarter of 1857, £125,993 Os. 10d., which is an increase of £9913 0i. 2d. on the quarter. The amount recoiled during tbe nine month the present year has been £383,211 18s. 3d. During the same period of 1836, £319,949 ls. ld. The increase in favour of the present yeal ia therefore £63,282 17¿. 2d., or about 19 pe] cent. The following table will show the amounts received monthly during the nine months of 1856 and 1857, ITT . £11,503 1 larr . 31.0Û3 h . 31,801 43, U The half-yearly meeting of-.the shareholders in the Bathurst Coppar Mining Company was postponed- till to-morrow (this day), at three o'clock, in consequence of there not being a quorum present. The monthly general meeting of the members of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce will be hold to-morrow (thia day), at three a'olock. The Ann arrived to-day, fro-n London, with a general cargo of merchandise. Mr. Richard Peek sold yesterday an allotment, about six acree, at Coogee, at £21 I Os. per acre; and about 25 allotments at Norwood, about 1000 feet frontage, at 16s. 6d. to 20s. per foot. By the City of Sydney we have papers from Melbourne to the 28th ultimo. The Argus of that date says : - Thc operations of the banks can linne to bo restrictive, and the money market shows no si pw of Increasing easiness. Largo valaca in gold and specie have to bo provided during thc nest two months, for shipment. At noon on Monday (thia day) tho Trea- sury will cl wc for tenden for thirty-three thousand pounds worth of debentures, payable in Melbourne, 1857-39. Tho rumours as to thc reduction In tho rates of exchange have not been confirmed, but they oro still In circulation, and blending shippers of gold and apéelo oro not yet in tho market Thc rates at which draft* are no* Issued ore 2 per cent, premium at ibtty days* sight ; for amounts under £30, at 2j per cont premium al thirty days* atght. Bill against gold are purchased at 1 per cent premium. Freight an (told, by direct steam era or sailing venais, 3^41. per ounce, deliverable la London ; insurance, lj^p*rccnt By tbe overland rout«, ] percent, thatls 7d, percance, as nearly as possible; In- surance, U lo 1) per cent The same journal gives the wholesale prices current up to Saturday, as follows Liquor*.-Tho market for spirit* «bows but Utile change since last week. Holder* of genuino bmndlea arc etíll firm In their rto rannil«, bot tho rory Iorgo omount of spurious brands la tho market materially interferes with tho aale» and priées af gun m ti- tee»! p»rcclf. In other spirit* then b no «Iteration to note, either In deinond or value, quotations continuing quita nominal. Wlnci ore steady In value, but no amount orbutlncsa doing. Far sum- mer wines there la an enquiry, - but of so slight an amount as not to Interféra with previous «110*. Draught oles continuo to be in fair request, precedence being given to most approved brands. Sates af BASS'S Burta a Ko. 3, have been nudo to aaaa'derubla ex- tent at £0 lOs. per hogshead, and other kinda are selllog ot pro- portionate rate*, rotter in draught continues almost unsaleable, and prices ara wholly nominal. Bottled beor or mott approved brandi ls In gcod demand and of rendyaale. Byasa'a, equal propor- tions of alo ond porter ls inquired for, at lil. fd. to 15B. par dozen. Profilions ara unalterod, primo sorta only ara saleable In cuan. Utica cf very moderato amount, without orly change In Taine. america.-Eastern produce generally li decidedly advancing la value. Tea* and coffee* ara firmly acid, ud far better desert p ttoia Improve!) price» aro required. . Sugars continue atoadlly to advance, but, la tho absence of publie tole*, lt ls difficult to afiW correct quolatlona. COMÍ poro; No. 1, HfgaUy damaged, bas been disposed or by auction, tenn* cash, nt frvm £00 las to £82 : Ko. 3,1*011}»; ondBalty, Mo. 1, £00to£8l) 10a per ton. Shipment* of MoiùiUaaeonttane hugely te bo modo for tho Sydney market and Ibero I* overy probability of farther adv&nos; on present nias for tho article. Candles nooltana in fair reencot and of ready talc, but. witto^uoy uaprorementjn taloc, Mops.support the late Improvement io price« for lott year's picking, bat the demand ba« somewhat lessened Butter »bow« no improvement'whatever, la OUd continue» to bo ruling rate for beat of ne* arrival, and for. old parcels no quotation can bo fairly giren. Oilmen'» Stores in very moderate quantities, and wall ari «rt cd, are In fair request ; but for general Invoice*, except of mott ap- proved .hipper*, there 1* no demand." Metal* continue to arrive in quantities Ia exec«* of Immediate demands, and price* remola wholly unimproved. \- Timber, ¿te.-Several lately arrived parcel» pf. deals having been offered to tho trade In somewhat quick succession,, by anctlon, haa rather depressed former quotation*, th» whole have, however,, been readily taken by the trade, and prices uro steady, with rather on inclination upwards. . ^Building Material* continue to be forwarded Jnlond In Urge quanrJtlea, and thii branoh of trado present* » healthy and Im- proving aspect. In other imported articles' tbcro ls no change to A recent arrival from Mauritius, via Mel- bourne, has supplied a piece of information with référence' to the proclamation of the Australian sovereigns in' that island. "Writing under date of the 4th August, Messrs. Blyth, Brothers, ano? Co., say ; By a (7<iZiffe extraordinary, published on the 2"lh ultimo, onr ? local Government gave publient» to thc Order In Council, and her Majesty's proclamation of the 27th October, IBM, by virtue or which sovereigns and half- sovereign* of the Svdncy Mint are de elfjcd to bc carrent In the Crown colonias or Cc; loa, Mauri ti ut, and Hongkong. Alluding to this matter, the Helbourne Herald of Monday remarks : No further ateps have been taken by the hank« in respect to th« rate* of exchange, and it is not tho o ghi that a chance is contem- plated, at least far tho prcsonL Tho legalisation of tho Sydney sovereign at Hongkong, Ceylon, and Mannt lui hos so f.ir simpli- fied oar business relations with thosa ports that a emdderable - amount of tho coln In question will doubtless bo trans- mitted thïtftïr. Wo hwe seen, howevrr, ÏH*t wliil*t gold can ho purchased at a fair raino oar merchant) and trader* hive evinced a determination to place themselves in a position independent of tho banka, by remitting on their account, and declining to pur chaw drafts until the roto of exchange is Axed at a lower Reporting the transactions in the import markets during the week, the Herald says : The course of buiiaew has not been marked by any movement of material Importance, and, on several day*, tho transactions of the large importing houses were «o limited ai to u»vo exercised no influence whatever on prices. Notwithstanding thia depression, however, the smaller dealers have succeeded In plaelng consider- able quantities of gooda for transmission to tho interior ; and there Is crcrv indication thit tho diggings trade li reviving- Tho Indi- rect effect of an in creasing demand, of thc natara referred to. will necessarily bo to give an frnpwtt» to b^^J^°0f0íT^(,*f chants. Glancing at tho marketi for thc various articles of im- port, we may nola that continued animation hos prevailed in teas and sugars, and Hint intelligence from "Sydney, .setting forth the steady advance of those goods in thu dlrcctíói bas given addi- tional weight to tho opinion that higher ratrs than thnw at present ruling will bc established. Tea IBM congou) Li firmly held for £9, and there Ia n auffielen*, reason to h tile vc that thia figuro will be obtained. In tho different descriptions of tuzar thc adranco has been sîeadily sustained, oed the market still bas on. Wnr is THE Naorto BLACK?- Our ancient super- stitious wonderments arc quitting us one hy one, and soon there will be no mysteries of ignorance left us. "We caught one lately, gliding out of the door of a laboratory ; but wo ' held it fast, that we might examino it carefully, nnd learn of sci- ence the spell ? hy which it hod laid at least one of thc ghosts which used to go about thc world, and trouble mon's minds with falsehoods and cruelties. For instance, thc negro and his organic difference to thc white mnn -which was the ghost we caught at thc laboratory door-how often have we not heard it gravely argued that his black blood is the mark set on thc descendants of 0am, or-on another side-thc sign of servitude by which the children of ' unrighteous Ham are tobe known for ever. "We re- member how, in our youthful home, where or:hodoxy-. and respectable superstition were strong, any attempt to expíalo the physiological cause of th&t; blackness . would have been scouted as impiety, and a presumptuous prying in:o the inscrutable ways of Providence. Now, how- ever, times are changed. Nothing is held to be an unreadable riddle; from the formation of worlds to the laws'of haman life: and, in particular, the problem standing as our text, has assumed to itself an euclid in the person of a Dr. Draper of New Yi.rk, who, in a recent and most elaborate work on human physiology, undertakes to explain why the negro is bla-.-k, and how he becomes so. And these aro his steps. Human blood is mide up of certain corpuscles called cells, which, amongst many other things, contain globulin a substance chemically between casein and albumen and homatin. Now, haematin is red, and contains art infinite amount of iron. Ono of the most important wheels in our internal machinery is tho' liver; and a healthy a;tioh of the liver ? is necessary for the healthy action of every other organ and fonction. And one of the duties of the liver ia to help in removing thc old and worn ont blood-cells, while aiding, at thc sams time, in thc con- struction of now ones ; which duty includes thc carry- ing out from the system, of all excels of haematin or I iron. A hot climate disturbs the normal action of the blood ; also of the, liver. Tho imperfect oxygen ac- companying »reatheat not only adds to the darkness of the arterial blood, tnt also, by'tho want of energetic - respiration which it involves, tends to thc over fatness and torpidity of the liver. By this inaction of thc great. cleansing agent, thc hicmatin of tho blood-cells accu- mulates ia thc system ; and wandering restlessly about,., having no place to go to, and no business there at all, it gradually takes refuge and makes its settlement in the lower and spherical cells of thc cuticle : which it - thuB bronzes from orango tawny down to negro black, according to the heat of thc climate, the conferment inactivity of thc liver, and the amount of hocmitin left as refuse in the system. Whether this explanation be true or na we le«,ve to subtler physiologist? to decide. But it strikes m as noteworthy from its simplicity, and the air of confidence with which it demolishes ona of ' the ancient mysteries of ignorance. The bese form of tho skull-technically-the -prognathous or jaw protruding-of the negro, is also ascribed to the same ? came. Tho liver aids immensely in. the working nnd development of the brain ; and the brain moulds the skull-sot the skull the brain. A man with n diseased or torpid liver never works healthfully, or with the full power of his mental organisation. And what is true of individuals is true also of races. Thus, thc inactive - liver of hot climates creates a smaller, less energetic, less finely-organised, and more basely developed brain - than is found in tho temperate latitudes ; passing gra- dually from the elliptical skull of the Caucasian-the ? ideal man-to tho "pyramidal head of the red or copper coloured man down, to '.tho lowest typo of all, thc prognathous, or" j aw-protruding skull of the negro ; os the lines fall nearer or more distant from thc eqnator. So, by this showing, poor Quashie owes, not only his skin, but his skull, to thnt unsuspected liver of his : not only the brand of Cain and thc sign of slavery on his hide, but thc cerebral development and apo likeness which ignorance seizes hold of, as the cause and excuse of cruelty. Thc same reason lies at the other side of the extreme. In very high latitudes, where human life ia nothing but a fierce struggle with nature, the same copper-coloured skin and degenera- tion of 6kull are found os under the palm-trees and in thc date groves, vhercTman may Ho down beneath their shade, and whero nature will feed him unforced. Again duo to the same cause. Cold checks the action of-the liver equally with heat; and the shivering Esquimaux owes, to his wretched faro and sluggish circulation, his social misery and natural desolateness, thc excess of haematin which dyes his skin, and the pyramidal ßkull which marks his mental degeneracy ; just as the fiery sun and the languid airs of thc tropica brand and disgrace tho Mongolian and tho Negro. We may be allowed, perhaps to feel a little 'sceptical as to thc fact that, upon tho state of a mon's liver shall de- pend in «ny marked degree the shape of his skull ; but in our common experience there is enough to dis- pose us to a little faith in thc theory which connecte the liver of thenegro or thc Indian with his skin. The black hair and dark skin belonging to what is called tho bilious or the melanchplio temperament naturally occur to our minda. Only it ia to be under- stood that, to attribute to the natives of tropical or arctic climates skins' coloured through any disorder of the liver, would b3 as great a mistake os any man could make in reasoning in nature. It would be to suppose that man wis created only for life in tho tem- perate zone, and that in the distribution of races there was no divino design, no divine wisdom.- Household Words. ATROCIOUS Srunmtrts.-The Spanish journals rela'e a horrible and almost incredible story :-Ten n'ghts agoa man, armed with a hatchet, entered tho house of o young widow of Al maguer, a village in the province ôf Toledo, and, without saying a word, »pUt open the Bkull of the servant girl ; after which he draggid her dead body to tho stable, and covered it withsîraw. Then ha. went to tho chamber of the'^widow, and, awakening her from her sleep, commanded lier to give him 10,000 dollars, which, he said, ho.knew she had. receive:! ¡ she, being terrified, gave the money. He then ordered her to tako him into tho-cellar, where, he said, he know she had money buried, and when aho had arrived there'h o tied her hnnds.hehind.her liiok, and hanged her by tho neck to abeam ! When ahc was dead ho chopped ofifher arm's, leg», and htad ¿ with his hatchet I Fearing that tbs widow's child, a . girl of Aro years of agc, might make revelations, he with the hatchet murdered her also, and split the body into two portions 1 Tho gendarmes, on learning these atrocities,' went in pursuit of the assassin, ana captured him ; ho immediately, with great cool nee s> detailed the proeediogpoxuculart. ' 