Cjjt Countnj. A Ghost At Wollombi — We find the following in the Maitland Mercury of the 22nd : — A rather incredible tale has been narrated by several persons from Wollombi, whilst in Maitland during the assizes. The statement has been corroborated so far that the woman who says she had been favored with a visit from a denizen of another world is known to reside at the Quarrybolong estate, and in the cottage which is referred to. The story runs thus : — A woman named Laskett, shortly after her arrival in the country, some three years since, went and took up her abode in a hut on the Quarrybolong estate, the pro perty of Mr. Close. Frequently Mrs. Laskett imagined that she saw a something which she could not describe apparently playing at hide and seek behind the trees, and then around the hut, but having no belief in ghosts she put it down as an optical delusion. Within the last six months, however, this mysterious something assumed a more natural form. At first it appeared like a bundle of woman's clothes, suspended in the air, and used to delight in hovering over a water-hole in the creek, a little distance from Mrs. Laskett's hut; but the momentary fear and trepidation which was occasioned by this apparation hav ing subsided, nothing more was thought of it. At last the woman's clothes when next seen, were on an ap parently aged female ; her -face was pale and wan, and miserable to look upon. Lifting up one of her 'hands she 1 beckoned Mrs. Laskett to follow her; but flesh and blood could not stand the fright, and the poor woman had faint ed. Night after night this ghostly visitor appeared, but fright prevented Mrs. Laskett from obeying her injunc tion. At length she determined upon the next visit to muster up courage enough to address the ghost, and ask her why she continued to haunt her. The next night came and at the usual hour the ghost appeared, looking a shade more miserable than on previous occasions. Mustering up courage, Mrs Laskett said 'Who are you?' The ghost then told her that her name was — , and that many years ago she resided in that hut, that whilst there she had been foully murdered by ? , and beckoning with her hand said, '' Follow me, and I will show you where I lie buried." Mrs. Laskett followed, and was taken down ; to this waterhole over which she had so often seen the' strange sights. The ghost was silent till arriving at the hole, when turning round she said, "My body is there,'' ' and disappeared. Since then Mrs Laskett had not been troubled with her visitor. Not knowing what to think of this apparition and discovery, she decided upon asking the advice of her neighbors. The story created some excite ment, and this excitement was increased when, upon searching the records of the Wollombi police court it was discovered that a woman named ? had resided in that hut, and that she had disappeared in a most mysterious manner. A private inquiry, we are told, was held, and Mrs. Laskett was questioned and cross-questioned, but her story was in no way shaken. They were unable, how ever, to test its truth, by searching for the supposed body in the water-hole, in consequence of the quantity of water at present in it, but intend, we believe, doing so when it subsides. We are also told that the person who was named as the murderer is still residing in the district. What makes this strange story "more wondrous strange," is the fact of Mrs. Laskett being only a new band in the colony, and therefore unacquainted with either the names of the former occupants of her house or with tho circum stances of this mysterious disappearance of an aged woman. Murder.— Tho police are in active search for a person natiied John Robinson, charged with the murder of a woman named Ortli, in the Shoalhaven district on a day siiico 1st Soptember. Tho alleged murderer is described as having dark complexion, hair, and whiskers, and hlue eyes. Ho his high shouldored, and apparently about 28 'light macintosh overall and nil old cabbage-tree 'hat ; he or 29 years of age, his ordinary dress being dark clothes, has represented himself as being a great Imntdr in Van Dieman's Land. According to another description I10 is apt to '-cut capers whilst talking,' and is bolieved to have heon a clown or conjuror. He his supposed to be making liis way overland to the Victoria diggings. — GoUlburn Herald, 22nd inst. Gold Found near Queanbeyan.— On Saturday last, as I was retin-ning home from tho country, I accident ally fell in with a party of gold diggers consisting of six or eight, near the Duntroon Estate, and by tho way thoy wero working plainly showed tliey were no novices nt that profession. 1 uid not Beo any of tho precious metal on the spot but I am credibly inforwed that Mr. Royal, of this town, is in posession of a fine sample .procured that day. It has long been tho opinion of scientific men, that a rich gold-field exists in this neighborhood, and that all that is required is a little enterprise to developed the hid den treasure. — Ibid. Another Mosstf.r Turnip. — Mr. Maddigan, who ro sides in Clifford-street, brought to our oflico on Thurs day, an immense turnip, which for size and weight throws those grown at Springfield, and which were latoly men tioned in this journal, quite into tho Bhado. It weighs 30t lbs., and, judging by its appearance perfectly sound in the centre. Such gigantic specimens of tho vegetable kingdom speak well for our soil. Turnips of unusual size° wero grown last season 011 the farm of Mr. Isac Prat ton, at Cotta Walla. — Goulburn Chronicle. Melancholy Occurrence. — On Wednesday, a little boy, the son of Mr. Layton, was suddenly taken ill, and insisted on being carried to his mother. Medical aid was summoned, but the little sufferer died before assistance arrived. It is supposed that deceased was suffering from an attack of English cholera, and we may observe that a child of Mr. Keighran's is laboring under a similar dis order — Border Post, 19th inst. A Goon Suggestion.— I11 tho Victorian Assembly, Dr. Owen has given notice to niovo— ' That it is expedient, in order to moot tho commercial requirements of tho Bcndigo and Murray districts, that tho Government make a grant of land to enable a public company to form a tramway botween Sandhurst and Echuca.' Wero this principle carried out, wo believe private companies would soon be formed to construct tramways connecting both the Lower and tho Upper Murray with the adjacent gold-fields. — Ibid. The Electric Telegram. — Tho progress of this great work has hitherto been vory slow, but we have been assured that tho whole lino from Sydney to Albtiry will bo completed shortly after tho commencement of a new year. The (vires lmvc been laid as far as Camden, and tho posts, ready to receive them, crccted about threo miles 011 this side of tho village. A number of posts aro lying at their proper distances 011 tho ground soino miles this side of Ruzorlmclc. It is expected that as soon as tho wires reach Goulburn, communication through tlioir agency will be opened up with tho metropolis. — Goulburn Chronicle. The CniNESE in New 'Zealand. — Tho New 7.ea landers have not been content with more metaphorical opposition to the Chineso. At a meeting recently hold in Nelson, resolutions wero adopted calling 011 the Presi dent to prevent tho immigration of Chineso into Now Zealand, and declaring that ' in tho opinion of this meet ing, any person giving encouragement or assistance to the immigration of Chinese into this province, .should be looked upon as a public enemy, and would dosei've tlio reprobation of tlio whole body of his follow- oitizcns.' The proceedings wound up with tho enrolment oi an urmed corps , entitled U19 ' ArUi-Chinoso Volunteers.' 