SPONTANEOUS COMBUSTION IN THE TOWN OF" BEDFORD. The following curious statements aro from the London Times:— Du»ing_ the Inst few days public curiosity 1ms been excited to a very unusual pitch by a series of occurrences tlmt would bo by no means out of plnoe in 0110 of Mrs. lindclifi'e'a romances, but which will read strangely in the matter-of-fact columns of tlio Times. The several theories of -spontaneous combustion have often been revived, end, in the opinion of most vise men, huvo been successively and repoatcdly exploded. But just ob Into years havo witnessed a revival of ghost stories, spirit communications, nnd direct demo niacal agency, it seems not a little likely thst the ojd theories of spontaneous combustion are coining in for another day in their turn, if we are to judge from the extraordinary ravelatioiu which have been not only retailed in gossip, but most gravely and fully inquired into under tbo coroner's warrant, nnd bofore thirteen men honest and true, and we may add, picked men, of this highly educated borough. A sketch of the principal facta will pro Vtibljr uusvi'sr the Bumw end ag ft report vf ijiy depositions taken before the eoroncr, for the result of tliis last courso would probably be only the awakening' of half-incredulous wonder and wild curiosity. On Tuesday night, tlie 12lh instant, an alarm of fire was raised, and, on proceeding to tlie scene of danger, a house abutting on the largo stareyard belonging to Messrs. Howard, the celebrated im plement makers, and tenanted by one of their ser vants, it appeared (hat the family had taken the opportunity of the master's absence from home to have a good cleaning down, with an especial view to the riddance of a certain pest better known to Londoners than the happy dwellers in the country. In furtherance of the latter part of Lliis truly house wifery design, recourse was had to fumigation. A vessel containing broken roll sulphur was placed in what was deemed a safe position, viz,, in n bosinette, which was removed from its usual place and set in the middle of the room. The sulphur was duly ignited and the room of course vacated by all except the obnoxious vermin. In the space of two hours it was discovered that the sulphurous fluid had escaped into the basinette, had burnt through the bottom, fired the floor, and eaten its way through the planks. Timely observation and alarm availed to arrest the progress of the fire. All was deemed safe. But 011 Saturday evening the head of the family returned, and on retiring to rest, and having innocently thrown his damp stockings on the carpet, what was his astonishment Ht seeing them ignite ? Something like a panic seized the household, but at length their fears were pacified, and thsy went to rest. On Sunday morn ing, while the master was attending Divine service at the Methodist chapel, fire was again discovered in the house. Considerable, consternation was oc casioned to the assembly by tho calling out of a fireman during service, and also by the master's disappearance from his pew. These fires were suppressed : but in the course of the day no less than thirty fires broke out in different parts of the house—in the presence of visitors, most respect uble and intelligent men. Every part of the furniture in every room of th# house appeared to be charged with some self igniting gas. Smoke issued suddenly from cup boards, large and small, from almost every drawer, and even from boxes of linen and woollen mate rials which had not been opened for some length of time prior to the Tuesday's fire. Some of the statements made before the coroner are go start ling as to be nearly incredible. Ona gentleman laid his handkerchief down upon the sofa, when it forthwith ignited. Another gentleman, while dis cussing the marvels of the day and washing his lmnds, discovered that the damp towels on the horse in the bedronm were on fire. A lady, anx ious to prevent further mischief, had a short time previously examined a box appertaining to femi nine apparel, and, pronouncing it safe, had shut it up, but on going to icmove it felt that it was hot. and on re-opening it discovered the contents in a blaze; but it is impossiblo to enumerate all the strange fantasies played by this mysterious fire. Of course suspicion was soon awake, but the closest investigation afforded 110 ground on which to rest the surmise of fonl play. On the Monday morning the phenomena somewhat abated, reap peared, and it was found that the greater part of the property in the house was charred or burnt to tinder. Two medical gentlemen—Dr. Barker and Mr. Blower—visited the scene of the fiery mys terr, and at noon made on application to the sit ! ting' magistrates (in tho absence of the Mayor), for sanction to their proposal of submitting' the mutter to the coroner. The coroner lost no time <n summoning: a jury, -which consisted of the most respectable tradesmen of the town, and -which proceeded to business in the George Inn. The inquest com:uenc«l At 3.30 p.m. on Slonday after noon, and at 7 o'clock wfljj adjourned to Tuesday morning nt 10. On Tuesday it was resumed and concluded by 5 o'clock *Mn. In tho course of this prolonged inquiry tha whole of th« incidents (some o" which we have mentioned above by way of specimen*), were deposed to, and every effort made'to acco?'11' f°r the singular occurrences. At one tiiuo' there w«?S some slight hope of establishing' a connection bptween the fire of Tuesday ni^ht and the nu merous outbreaks <>f the following Sunday, but this idea was abandoned perforce—so far, at least, as any ordinary connexion between tlio two sets of events was concerned. The medical testimony. of the two gentlemen named above was by far the most important, inasmuch as it most distinctly demolished all preconceived explanations, and' also becauso it indicated a most remarkable and important class of truths in practical chymistry. Without venturing to give a formal solution of the phenomena, these gentlemen were of opinion that the sulphurous fumes , in connection with the gas of the eharrcd wood, had charred the entire house with inflammable pas, which in some cases by friction, in others by electricity, had been from time to time ignited. No suspicion of any person survived the first few hours of the inquiry, although the jury felt that thore was not ground for a distinct opinion on tha matter. Tho depositions will doubtless be submitted to some eminent manipulators in chy mical science, and it is to be hoped that tliej- will be able to give a more preeiso solution of the mystery which has filled many a wise head with misgiving* as to the spiritual geography of that somewhat lonely house. The verdict of tho jury was, according • to the evidence, so far as tho first fire (Tuesday) was concerned, " Accidental," and with regard to the other fires the vcrdict was an open one. 