THE CHINESE MISSION. Third Report of the Chinese Mission in Castle maine, read at the Congregational Chanel on Monday evening, October 5, 1857. .' Since the last report was presented to thn friends and supporters of the Chinese Mission the agents have been engaged, as usual, in (igu.' sing scriptural knowledge among their country- men by daily visiting them for the purpose of ie- ligious conversation and reading the word of God The stated services of the sabbath have been kept 1 up, as well as the weekly services, of- which there are two. These lattter services have been at tended by a large number of hearers, avera»in<r from 30 to 50, filling the little chapel on Clinlrer's Hill. The chapel, which it was intended should be erected at Forest Creek, has not been com. menced with yet, on" account of the difficulty ex. perienced in obtaining a suitable site ; as soon as that difficulty is got over the work will be be gun- As the amount of money that has been col. lucted for the object, both among the Chinese in Castlemaine and christian friends in Melbourne is not very large, the building will be smaller in size, and of a less costly description than was at first contemplated. Mention was made in the last report of two Chinese, who bad expressed a desire to receive christian baptism ; one of these, finding it difficult to earn a livelihood for himself ana family, has returned to Adelaide, whence he originally came. The other man, a silversmith resides on Clinker's Hill, and continues to receive religious instruction. He is regular in liis at tendance on the means of grace, and as far as we can judge is consistent in his outward deportment. The hospital has also been visited, and the sick Chinese there 'have had religious instruction im parted to them from time to time, aud it is hoped not without some good effect. The agents have extended the range of their Visits to more distant encampments ; iu addition to the encampments in the vicinity of this township, they visit also those at the Junctiou aud Fryer's Creek. Thev have distributed tracts and copies of the New Testament on suitable occasions ; they never adopt the plan of indiscriminate distribution, as they fear the effect would be to lessen the value of reliricus publications in the estimation of their count-rm-n many of whom, unable to read tliem- would tear theui up, and make use of the paper for wrapping up parcels. I have, since my return, gone round with the native teachers, and inspected their operations, and am glad to Bay that I have not had occasion to find fault witit the manner in which they have conducted them. I have only found it necessary here and there to suggest to tliem a few hints for the more effective discharge of their duties. I believe tbey act under the con- viction that they serve the Lord and not man while they endeavor to make the gospel known to their countrymen. From their journals, extracts from which I shall shortly give, a specimen will be afforded to the friends of the mission, of the able and faithful manner with which they bring the truths of scripture home to the heaits of their hearers; expose the folly and sinfulness of their idolatrous practices, and endeavor to teach them to improve the lessons which the dispensations of divine Providence are now addressing to them and to the nation generally. One excellent feature in their teaching will be noticed, viz., the pro minence given to the doctrine of salvation by the sacrifice of Christ. Ridicule and sarcasm they have met with in the prosecution of their work, but have not on that account shrunk from their duty. They still make known the truth to their countrymen, whether they will hear or whether tbey will forbear. The teacher, Leong-a-toe under date May 31st, writes in his journal— To day, I went to the Chapel in the forenoon, and in tbe afternoon to Diamond Gully. After my bearers had listened to my statements they expressed their admiration of the doctrines , of Scripture. They. bad never ' bet r J them before. Some of tbem remarked tbat though the doctrines of Christ were good, it would nevertheless, be a difficult thing to get men to follow them, for the generality of them were in clined to tread in. the paths of adulterers, drunkards, gamblers and opium -smokers in which they found their pleasure. Where was the man that would renounce his former evil practises, and believe and follow Jesus ? I answered that the men of the world were just like sheep that had lost the right way, and did not know how to get back to it: hence they regarded the pleasures of this world as their supreme happiness. It was in consequence of their ignorance of the truth that they fell into inconsistent and improper practises. When their minds became enlightened by the truth, and when with sincere hearts they listened to it, and prayed for the assistance of God's holy spirit: they would then be able to give up sinful pleasures. When they heard this they weretnuch pleased, and had not a word to say in the -way of objection. June 11th, he writes, I went with three others to Forest Creek, addressed the people at two dif ferent places. First spoke about the miracle per- ' formed by Christ, recorded in the 6th Chapter of John, and then about the entrance of sin into the world, and death by sin — that as all men had sinned, so all men were exposed- to death — that our first parents having offended against God, their fall affected the whole race. When I uttered these truths one of my hearers replied, these are the doctrines of foreigners, they are not worth the talking about. They are constantly dignified by the name of doctrines, but they mislead people's minds, and call upon men to renounce the worship of ancestors and parental tablets, hence theyclash with our Chinese doctrines — well did Confucius inculcate " putawayfrom you everything foreign.' That your doctrines do not harmonize with those of China, no one can doubt. You talk about Europeans practising virtue, how is it that we so often hear of their invading and attacking our country and slaughtering our people. You must allow that they cannot be sincere when they pro fess to love the people of other countries as bre thren. In answer to ilis remarks, I said, thedoc- trines of Jesus are not the doctrines of sages born in western lands; nor did they emanate from their wisdom. These doctrines were handed down from olden times, and teach us clearly of Christ s coming into the world in order to atoue for our sins. In former ages Europeans, like ourselves, were worshippers of idols; but when tbe Gospel reached their 'country, then the people were awakened to a sense of their sinfulness of wor- 'shipping idols, and cast them away as so much dung; they were cleansed from their wicked prac tises, and walked according to the holy doctrines they received,1 and thus they obtained the favorot God. Their country became prosperous, and the people tranquil. Families needed not' to closo their doors for fear ; nor was any article' dropped jn the streets lost'. High' and low inutuully sym- 'jathised— no traveller in the desert perished ot lunger— happiness and peace filled the lano. How can you say these doctrines are adapted to foreigners alone — you say so simply because you have not examined them thoroughly. In regard to the raising of armies, and the. use of ' hostile weapons wherewith our country has been invaded and injured. You must hot attribute these things to the good, men and believing womei found among Europeans. Slaughtering o people is not the thing their hearts des:re. io may, however, regard them as instruments em ployed by God to chastise our people, and to pr i jare for the Gospel a speedy entrance ,nt0 . and.to subvert idolatry, to unite all in one o y arid form one brotherhood. When these resu are attained, we shall know no more the calami | hostile weapons -inflict,'. It is because our couny . has riot from ancient times to the prescntseLi God, hut has been adding to her guilt, tner y increasing God's displeasure, that state r against state, kingdom against kingdom, there are earthquakes, pestilences, and calami j They are certainly occurring, and God sends s iu order to chastise our people, and yet our p ,. jle have not repented, hut on the contrary | Jeen proud of their own power, and treat tig J | God's truth. It is greatly to 'be feared they | not escape God's righteous indignation, iiui . s their chastisement they will be otherwise i J | will cleanse their hearts and wash away tnei i g and in humility serve God, and thus attain t I '-'-happiness that is eternal, and which is to he found in heaven. This I most earnestly desire. This evening I went to the chapel, and explained port of the 7th chapter of Matthew. There were al together 21 hearers. June 29.— I went to Pennyweight Flat. Seven " ... men stood around me, listening while I told them that Jesus wa3 the Saviour from heaven, undthat he died upon the cross, m order to redeem men from their sins, and whosoever believed in him .. would not: .perish, but have everlasting life. I told them that mankind were exposed to the punishment of death, and had no way by which they could escape, and their souls must inevitably he lost in the dark regions. But God in his mercy deeply pitied the impotcncy of man, and . .. unable to endure the sight of his misery, willingly sent his Son Jesus into the world. While he was here below, he endured constant privations, was often reviled by men, and finally nailed to the . ( . cross, where lie endured great agony. Truly this event has no parallel. After I bad thus Bpokcn, one of my hearers said — "You tell us that God sent Jesus from heaven to save men; howisit that men slew him on the cross ? Ho' was not . able to save himself; how is impossible for him to save others ? From this I should infer thai he is > . not' the true Saviour," . I replied, your words are precisely like the words with which those who crucified Jesus taunted him. Many then dfcrided \- him and said, he saved others, but he is not able to save himself; if, you are able to come down . from the cross we will believe you. .. I told him that Jesus was the Lord of wisdom and know ledge, and knew every thing; that man could form no scheme for hurting him without his pre- viously knowing it; that God, from the beginning of the world, when our first parents had fell into sin, had predetermined that Jesus should thus suffer, and become the Redeemer of the world ; hence it was that he was afflicted by men, and led like a lamb to the slaughter. It was not because; he did not know what sufferings awaited him. He knew that the time for atoning for man's sin had " arrived, and hence he submitted to mockings, . scourgings, and the death of the cross. Had he ; v been unwilling to atone for man's sin, not all the armjes of ten thousand countries under the heavens could havo compelled him. Why ? be- cause he, from the beginning, was one with God; All derive life from him; he holds the life of every one in his hands. Had he not loved ns, we . . should all have perished. Has not Jesus suffi cient compassion and pity to save and redeem iis ? Let none of you foolishly argue against and de- _ ride the name of Jesus. Kather cleanse your _ ; hearts and purify your thoughts, diligently read, the Holy Scriptures, and pray to God. Then at . the last day you will not becondemnedby Christ, or fall into the miseries of hell ; but you will be received into heaven, and obtain everlasting feli city.' After this I presented them with two tracts. ... August 7. — I went to Diamond Gully, and spoke to the people about : Noah's being saved from the deluge. They seemed to comprehend how God loves the righteous and bates the wicked; that he is just in his reiwards and in his judg- : ments. They expressed a desire to worship God, and do what was right, but said they did not know how to pray to God, and asked me to write out a prayer for them, that they might be able, morning and evening, to pray by that form. ,1 . gladly complied with their request. August 23. — In the afternoon' I went to Dia mond Gully, to a shop, where I found several .. Heong-shan Chinese. These people I have al- \- J ways-found to be very proud, and hostile to the . doctrines of Jesus. I addressed them from the words contained in the 3rd chapter of the epistle " ' ' to the Colossiahs, from the 5th to the 10th verse, . with the' view of awakening them ; but they were ' very indignant, and made use of opprobrious epi- , thets, and said, "We Heong-shan men don't care ; about the doctrines of Christ; go to other places and diffuse your doctrines." Seeing their folly, obduracy, and unwilliogness to listen to instruc- tion, I replied; it-. rests entirely with yourselves, to hear or not to hear the gospel. T cannot com pel you. But if you will liBten, I shall use my endeavors to impart instruction to you, and peace may come upon you.. If you oppose, and will not hearken, then the result will be, as when Christ sent forth his disciples, he said, "Into whatever house ye enter, say to it, Peace ; it they receive you, let your peace dwell there ; if they do not receive you, go away, and wipe off the dust of your feet against them," Now, the gospel comes to you, you oppose it, and will not receive it ; when I go away from you, the peace I desired for you will come back to me ; and this, not because Jesus doe's not love you, but because you do not know how. to love yourselves. Let me exhort you not to be piroud in heart, but rather he hum ble. Believe-iri and submit to the Saviour ; exa mine his doctrines, and pray to God for the for giveness of. yolur sins,. Christ will redeem you from your iniquities. If you do not act in this way, it will he impossible for you to escape God's, righteous indignatiou. Alter these words I took leave of them and went away. The impotence -of idols, and their utter inabi lity to help their worshipers in times of trouble, is often exposed," and the heathen .have been di rected to look alone to Him who is the maker of heaven and earth. Chu- a-luk, on the 30th June, writes that he read a portion of a tract to some of his countrymen, and dwelt on" the power of God as manifested in the works of creation, and the propriety of serving the Being from whom we derive our existence. "We Chinese," said he, " do not know how to serve God, but, on the con. trary, serve- idols. Supposing that, instead of fol lowing the wishes ot our parents, we followed the example of wicked people, would not such con duct he-like forsaking God, and worshipping base \- idols P. -Why do you worship such things ? They : have'mouthSj-'but' speak not ; they have eyes, but see not ;' they havo have hands, but they handle . not ; feet have they, but they walk not. If they . happen to fall into the fire, there they remain helpless ; if you put them iuto the fire, they will ' get burnt ; if they cannot protect themselves, how , can they protect you? Did you ever see any , idol able to deliver itself from fire or water ; for instance, wben a ship is sinking, or an idol-temple is in flames? They answered, never. Do you think, I again asked, that the idols can protect China in her present convulsed state ? They re- , plied, no. I then told them— I am sure there can not be any intelligent spirit in the idols : it is use less to worship thein. tt'hy do you not worship God— the only God, who is in heaven. They made no reply, but simply laughed at me. The visits the agents have paid to the Hospital seem to have produced a beneficial effect. Those Chinese who have once been inmates of the Institution, after being discharged, appear to recollect with grateful ieelings the lessons irom the Holy Scriptures there communicated to them by the native teachers. One man lias declared, oince he left the Hospital, that he will no longer servo the gods made with hands, but the God of . the scriptures. On the 8th August, Chu-a-hik makes this entry into his journal : — I went with Leong-a-toe to the Hospital, and read and prayed with the Chinese. They were very glad to hear what we told them. We exhorted them not to worship idols, hut to worship God, who could restore their health. They said the idols could not help them iu their sickness, and should they ever get out of the Hospital, it was their intention not to serve them any more. On the fifteenth evening of the Chinese eighth month, we found the Gliineso paying their adora tions to the moon, then at its full. It iB their custom on this occasion to least themselves on fowls and pork, to spread out a table in front of their dwellings and cover it with cakes and fruit, as a tliauk-ollering to that luminary, and to make nrostrations before her. Crackers arc also letoil in token of their rejoicing. We went that eveuing to Clinker's Hill, and found an unusual busile among the Chinese. Many of them were busy eating their bowls of rice and meat, of which they politely invited us to partake, and many, having finished their feast, were chatting loudly, whilst others were firing off crackers. They were aBked to attend divine service, which was about to be held in the chapel : a large number came. After singing a hymn and offering a prayer, Chu-a luk read and explained the 2nd chapter of the Gospel of Matthew. After commenting upon the verses, he adverted to that practice, the observance of which had caused so much rejoicing among them. He told them that the moon, while giving to us light which was most agreeable and useful, was yet a created thing, and it was wrong to worship the creature instead of the Creator. God created the moon ; and to him it was their duty to offer worship. He showed the propriety of this by a simple illustration. " None of you," he said, "who wished to show his respect for a friend who might be a carpenter, would, on entering his shop, walk up to a cradle and how to it, instead of bowing to the carpenter. As with the cradle, so it is with moon. Man made the cradle — God made themoon. Its light is exceedingly useful to us, but we ought to praise God for it, and thauk him for his bless- tug3-" Much interest and attention were mani fested during the whole of the service, and the audience admitted the force and justness of the speaker's remarks. The following is an account of a dialogue that took place between Lcong-a-toe and a Frenchman on the 22nd September : — The Frenchman (he writes) came to my house. On seeing him, I requested him to take a seat. I did not know his name. We talked together about the customs and the learned men of China. My visitor then asked me what my trade was, and how I maintained myself. I told him I was not engaged in trade, but was occupied iu diffusing religious instruction among the Chinese. He theu suddenly inquired, where had I come from? I answered, from Hongkong. |'Do you know," said he, " the priest who resides iu Hongkong?" I said, I saw several, but did not know their names ; they taught the doctrines of Rome, which are not like the doctrines of Jesus. In their churches I saw an image set up which they called Ma-le-a (Mary) the mother of Jesus, .she was called Holy Mother, and they seemed to reverb .her even more than Jesus. They burned incense and bowed before lier. Iu their rites they seemed tq hold, traditions which ought riot to be regarded. The ten commandments God has handed down to us by Moses, he has com manded all men to observe and not forget them ; but the instructions of the Romanists are at vari ance" with these. They expunge the second com mandment and do riot keep it. Out of nine com mandments they : make ten, because the second commandment teacheB us that we must not grave to ourselves any image, nor bow down to it and worship it. The teachers of this religion tell men to worship images, and thus oppose God's will. The idol-worship of the Chinese is just like theirs. My visitor said, the holy mother is not a mortal ; she existed before heaven and earth were made, and was then the mother of the holy child Jesus. I nnBwered, that cannot be. If she were the holy mother before heaven and earth were made, how could God promise when our first parents sinned against him, that he would raise up a saviour from the seed of the woman, to save the myriads of the human race. And in the time of Mary we read, the Holy Ghost came upon her, and the power of the Almighty overshadowed her — that she should bear a son and call hira Jesus ; by which we may know that Mary did not exist be fore heaven and earth was made, and that she was just like any other mortal ; and hence we must not bow down to her and worship her, but wor ship the triune God. My visitor then remarked, the doctrines of Jesus are of recent date, those of the Church of Rome came down from very great antiquity, we must therefore not reject the old in order to follow the new. I replied, if her doc trines coincide with the doctrines of the New and Old Testaments, then we certainly ought to fol low them. But many of her doctrines do not agree with the doctrines of the Holy Scriptures ; hence, a great many years ago, Luther made u clear exposure of her errors. My visitor said, your religion teaches that there are only two states after death, heaven and hell.; our religion teaches that there are three, heaven, purgatory, and hell. Every one who die3 must pass through these three. I answered, there can be but two states, just as in this world there are only two descriptions of persons, and these, after death, must dwell cither iu the one or the other state. Where is the necessity of having a third state ? He then asked mc, How can you know that there is-a'God? I replied, God from nothing made all things : everything that my eye sees teaches me there is a God. The heaven and earth that I be hold tell me there is a God. After this he asked me ,no more questions ; we talked about other subjects, and then he took leave of me and went home. Such an amount of scriptural instruction as is biought before you in the extracts I have made, and conveyed in a faithful and intelligible manner, and I trust, in humble dependence on God's holy spirit, cannot but be productive of good. It must produce a feeling of satisfaction in the minds of all interested in the evangelization of the Chinese to know that those truths which are proclaimed from pulpits in Christian churches, are, on Sab bath days and week days, resounding in the ears of the heathen population in their humble chapel and still humbler tents. Let us strengthen and encourage the hands and the hearts of the native touchers in every possible way, and pray God to bestow upon them the aid of hia holy spirit, that they may be "stedfast, unmoveable, always, aboundine in the work of the Lord." WM. YOUNG. Castlcmaine, Oct. 7, 1857. 