THE MELBOURNE PACK IN KENNEL BY NIMROD'S GHOST Start not, gentle reader, at the cognomen assumed by him who now addresses you, for rest assured his pen is wielded by fleshly hand! Poor Apperly, the NIMROD par excellence hunting annals, has long since gone to see what sort of a dog old Cerberus may be, and none can see his vacant place ; but his gentle spirit still hovers among those who follow the craft he loved so well, and gladly flutters around whomsoever may write on the most glorious of sylvan pastimes. Impressed with this pleasing phantasy, the present scribbler fears not to style himself the Ghost of the departed for he feels that aught of good he may indite on the ' Art of Venery' must pro- ceed from the kindly influence of the illustrious shade. All who love the chase- and who does not, save those who lack the pluck or opportunity of tasting its joys?— all who love the chase in its entirety, cannot but feel an interest in the conduct of hounds, both in and out of season, for he is a poor sportsman indeed who only re- collects there is a pack when the meets are announced. Natheless, it is too sadly true that scores of self- styled hunters care not a jot about the condition of the ' spotted beauties' they pretend to follow, nor ever trouble themselves to find out whether they are duly cared for at quarters. The fact of an advertised meet is an excuse for their attiring in breeches and boots, to shew off their very questionable horsemanship ; but the last thing that occurs to them is the fitness of the hounds, or the cost of their maintenance. The Ghost has not yet been long enough in Melbourne to have had a field-day, but he has heard that certain 'gents' loom large in the saddle, but never wear pockets. To these he would mildly insinuate that keep- ing a pack of hounds is rather a practical joke for the master, and it would be well for them to sit down and count the cost of a sport kept up for public amusement. However, as the error of the past may arise more from mingled carelessness and ignorance than studied mean- ness, some improvement may be hoped for, and the sub ject shall be dropped for the present hurried account of a visit to ' the kennel.' Tho quarters of tho ' musical darlings' aro on the Dandonong road, about a couple of uiile3 from St. Kilda, the kennel being situate on tho promising littlo farm of Mr. Harry Bignoll. Tho first thing noticod on cantor ing up there the other day, was tho fitness of tho sandy soil around, both for their summer walks, and their winter health; whilst tho being perchod on tho summit of n hill, overlooking tlio Bay, oiiBures that greatest invigorator of auimal lifo, a Boa breeze. The accommodation in Bleeping borths and feeding yards is very good, and tho cleanliness reflects great credit on the ' feeder.' By-tho- bye, this worthy individual muBt not bo passed over without Borne modicum of notice, for ho is a true original. His oppearanco is cortainly rather different from that of tho broken-down -hipper-in who generally succeods to tho office of caterer at homo, for ho is an old-looking boy, in Bilver-rimmcd spectacles, whoso auo miL'ht bo euessed at either 17 or 37. Findiuir that this oddity was called upon to do the honours of tho kennel, tho Ghost naturally asked how ho was ' en tered on tho books,' and received this dog- matical reply — ' Oh ! ho is tho father of tho pack !' Truly ho might bo called thoir god-father, for, unless ho had assisted for many years at tho christen ing of parent as well as offspring, ho iiovcr could havo so volubly rattled off tho pedigree of any and every hound about which ho was questioned. Tho soup apparatus and feeding-troughs aro all tho 'correct thing,' and ono piece of advice only will bo obtruded before discoursing on tho dogs thonisclvcs, to wit, tho yards should bo more firmly aud ovon-bricked, aud havo a decided slope, bo that a few buckets of water a day would thoroughly cle.iuso thorn ; nor wou!d an occa sional sprinkling of Vzae bo auiisa for destroying both inicll and E:ap. Tho cntiro pack wero first marshalled together, and they cortainly presented a moro dashing appcaranco than tho writer had reason to oxpect. Many exhibitod undcniablo blood and quality, whilst thoir moist chaps, cold noses, clear oyes, aud feathering sterns, told an instant talo of health and duo exercise. In size they are remarkably even, for thoao who havo hod any experience in colonial breeding well know tho difficulties to bo contended with in rearing puppies or getting ' fresh ontrios.' All ' the ills that Jog's flesh is heir t«' are harder to overcome in this climate than in the mothor country, nor wero wo at all surprised to learn that no moro than six or bovoii couplo wero likely to bo up to tho mark out of over fifty couples raised. Most of tho known remedies for distemper have failed in Australia ; the most successful cure the writer knows boing to nick tho roof of the inouth from molar to mo lar, so that tho dog bIioII cause a flow of blood by tho suction natural afterwards, and to givo a clovo of garlic night and morning for about threo days. After inspecting tho general look of the lot, polite ness demanded that a closer attention Bhould first bo paid to the ' ladies ' of the establishment, and tho disciplino tho pack was under was most gratify lngly displayed at the prompt obedienco shown at tho order ' Kounel up, bitches !' The first of theso that claimed particular notice is a beautiful light tanned creature, hight 'Garland;' bIio has an intelligent head, good brisket and quarters, and looks like ono who would, scorn 'babbling.' A sandy aud white bitch, though hardly a fashienablo colour, ia a great favourito ; her noso is rather too fino for a thorough-bred fux- hound, but bIio may bo o sure under, though in no hurry to l«lk-. alymt it. ' -Ruby'. in n hrhjht lookinj: fair one, rathor small, but with an activity and graco in overy movement which tells of blood and gamencss. There is moro unovenness amongst this portion of tho pack than the males ; but such is always to bo observed in all tribes of tho animal creation, nor can any ' bitch pack' be mentioned of an exaot standard. The pick of the dogs are Dulcet,^- a nearly all black and tan hound, and Welcome, a thorough tan. These are very powerf uliiri frame,, havo good jowls, well Bct-on heads, and truo fox-hound storns ; tho latter, especially, Is one that should bo looked to as a pater familias, for music is most necessary in our closo bush, and nono givo moro melodious tongue than those well marked with tan colour. Harkaway, a spotted follow, is a raking dog, that but for a lameness, which is evidently chronic, ho would always slip away from tho lot. A thick-Bet hound, yclopt Drivor, eliows bone and breeding, thoujh rather undersized : but we should oxpect to find hia leading at the end of a day, for he seems n 'stayor.' Though of an odd appearanco. Dancer, a dim and whito, tokos the attention of a judge, for his cyo has a fire and Ids ' Btcp a springiness which mark him as one of the yoltigeum. Many others might be mentioned as a' credit to kennels of oldor and greater pretensions, but euough has been said to show that sport promises well for the coining season, as far as prepara tion goes, and that it will only roquiro game animals before tho hounds, and gam« men bohiud them to ensure such crack runs aa it may bo a pleasure to Nimrod's Ghost to narrate; and to his readors to pcruso. Mr. Bignell, who keeps tho hounds both in ' wittalu ' and suporviaion, desorvos special praiso for tho timo ho dovotcs to them ; nor does the worthy niastor, Mr. George Watson, forgot to visit his favourites during tho summer, and seo that they have proper excroiso. Already ho has commenced giving them ' morning broathors,' and but fow weoks will elapse cro he calls his sporting brethren to tho covort Bide ; but, on that matter, a fow moro words next week. Ere oloaing for tho prosent, worthy Boll must allow mo to havo a slap at tho frog- blooded individual who lately published a specimen of his caligraphy in the Argus, Ho complains, poor follow, that ho hod a conplo of rails broken and a crop of radiah, or whatolse, galloped ovor by Mr. Watson and ' his men' the othor ? moraing. Dear mo, what a pity ! aud ho wanta to know who is to pay tho damage ? Full sure is it, that had he cilled upon Mr. \V. it would havo boen instantly and choorfully dono; so- that ho is only making up a false oaso of martyrdom. But why need ho indito a spiteful insult by saying ho was attondod by ' tho raff of Mol bourno?' When reparation iB rofiiBed it is quite timo onough to bo abusive, or to sook for tho sympathy of hia white-ohokerod fellows through tho columua of an obliging press. Let him send in his bill, but leave our pastimos alone, for ho may rest natiafiod he will not bo intentionally interfered with in his own privato ainuso raonts, bo such in a conveuticlo or a cabbage garden. 