EDUCATION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE REGISTER. - Sir— In pursuance ot tne suDject wnion 1 opened in last Tuesday's Register, I Bball now endeavour to show the practicability of teaching secular things in a religious manner, and yet offending no sect, and infringing upon no creed. If you can find room for an illustration which cannot be crowded into a few sentences, I hope to convince your readers that the very best and most useful part of religion is the most universally acknowledged and the best adapted for early instruction, and that thoso points on which 'differences of opinion are so various are best left for discussion in the pulpit, or for the parents themselves to instil into tho minds of their children. There are three ways in which a lesson may be given to a class of intelligent children. Take for example the subject of the sheep ; the first strictly secular, the second also biblical, the third not biblical, but religious as well as secular. I shall not weary your readers by a descrip tion of the qualities of this useful quadruped by a definition of its form, nature, and habits. I shall suppose that in each of these three methods the information gained with regard to the sheep is equally full and correct. 1\. According to the first system, when all the information above mentioned is gained, the teacher stops. All the uses of the animal, of its flesh, wool, bones, blood, sinews, skin, ic, are enquired into simply with regard to their value to man ; but no duty of man towards it is brought forward — no moral lesson, either de rived from the Bible or from conscience, is inculcated. 2\. In the second method, the teacher does not rest satisfied with definitions and descrip tions of the animal and its produce. He has trained his class to be well versed in the Scriptures, and his idea of improving tbe subject is by calling upon them for all the texts they can recollect relating to sheep and wool. The children begin by Abel keeping sheep, and the two sacrifices of the two first born of the human race. Then, that sheep were of the clean beasts which found refuge in tho Ark during the flood ; the ram caught in the thicket, a type of Christ, the paschal lamb ; the Jewish ceremonial sacrifices ; the texts in the Prophets about foolish shepherds, who care not for the flocks ; about one going astray like lost sheep ; the story of Gideon's fleece ; and the falling down of Jericho by the blowing of the rams' horns. From the New Testament the children get proofs that Christ is the Lamb of God aud the Good Shepherd of whom Isaiah prophe sied he would carry the lambs in His bosom. The good are likened to sheep and the wicked to goats on the last day of judgment, and divided from each other certainly. And, finally, the parable of the lost sheep, the parting com mand to Peter to feed Christ's sheep and lambs, the Lamb of God which sat m the midst of the throne, and the white robes of the saints washed in His blood. If the teacher be a zealous Protestant he will probably mention the superstitious use of the Agnus Dei in the Roman Catholic Church, and might advert to their worship of pictures and re lics, and to theirprayers in Latin, which he might tnake his pupils condemn from the Bible. If he is of a gloomy habit of mind he might dwell upon our lost condition by nature — all gone astray — all turned to their own way; point out the consequences, and make his pupils prove the truth of his statements by other detached texts. If the lesson were concluded with prayer, it might probably run thus : — Grant, oh Lord, that we may improve to the spiritual benefit of our own souls all that we learn and all that we see. We have gone astray ; but, oh, may Thy Spirit lead us to the Shepherd and Bishop of our souls. Wash us from our sins in the blood of the Lamb, slain from the foundation of tho world. Let not the destroying angel enter our dwellings. May the dew of Thy Spirit fall copiously on us as on the fleece of Gideon, though we are in the midst of a world that lteth m wickedness, so that we may at last sit down at the marriage supper of the Lamb, to whom, with the Father and Holy Ghost, be all honour and glory, now and for ever. Amen. I have seen children who, at 11 years old, could have brought forward all these texts, and drawn out these doctrines, and who were uni versally praised and admired for their wonder ful knowledge of the Bible and their thorough religious education ; but I firmly believe that at the age of 20 those very children never opened the Word of God, or thought of it when they could help it. The sublime imagery, the beautiful similes and parables, tho tender invitations and the solemn warnings of Holy Writ, had been so confused and degraded in their minds by being called for in this way as a trial of memory, that they fell flat and meaning less on their ears at the time when their in fluence was most needed. To this I may add that this scriptural exer cise may not convey a moral lesson at all, as may be seen by reading carefully my sketch; and also that some denominations would ob ject to the prominence given to one set of doc trines. It is possible to comment on the Bible with out a sectarian bias, but I do not think one man in a thousand will do it, in this century at least-; so that it would be unsafe to allow this liberty to the teachers of our common schools for all denominations. And the read ing of tho Scriptures without comment is gene rally so mechanical that it accustoms children to the sound and not to the sense of the Bible, deadening future impressions, and very rarely doing any present good, that I scarcely could advocate the continuance of the practice. It is not that I undervalue the Bible, but that I reverence it too highly to reduce it to a mere reading-book or an exercise for memory, for I do not think that constitutes religious edu cation- ? 3\. According to the third method, the teacher can mix with the information as to the nature, habits, and produce of the sheep such questions as impress on the pupils the fact that animals as well as men are God's creature, capable of pain aud pleasure, and provided for by the Almighty according to their several necessities. A child might ask if the lower animals suffer as much when they are killed or tormented as we would do, and the teacher could say that in the opinion of scientific men they do not; but that when a boy or girl pulls a fly to pieces limb from limb, or pelts a cat to death, or sets dogs to worry a lamb, he derives amusement from inflicting as much pain and terror as he can give, or as the animal is capable of feeling, and that is wrong. He might then , ask his class what is the chief purpose for which God created the sheep. One Boy might say, 'to feed us ;' another, '.' to clothe us ;' a third, who dabbled in political economy, might say that sheep are a source of national prosperity, and one of the mainstays of the land we live in; but to no ; child would the teacher award the approving word, 'right,' till he got the answer 'to be happy.' And then he could elicit . by further questions that ' sheep exist where no man profits 'by them, and that there they are strong and fleet creatures ; but that the first step in civilization' was to gather these valuable animals into flocks, to tend and pro victe for them, and supply the loss of their original means of safety by watchful guardian ship. A pupil might enquire why we kill sheep if they were created to be happy, and the teacher could explain this difficulty by pointing out the evident unfitness of most of the lower animals for dying of old age ; that they show no kindness or sympathy to each other when sick or hurt, and that greater happiness is pro duced in the universe by one species preying upon another, and thus filling the earth, air, and water with young, vigorous, life-enjoying creatures, than if vegetable productions were the only means of subsistence to all living races. He might now dwell upon the rights of the lower animals, especially of those which are protected by and useful to man, convince his pupils that we should not ignore their rights on the ground that they are not able to enforce them, for in that case every tyranny and injus tice could be defended; he should make his boys feel that if man is appointed by God to be the lord of creation, he ought to imitate the wise and benevolent government of the Uni versal Fathar, add make the short lives of the inferior animals as happy and comfortable *?' he can, and end their existence, when that if necessary or useful, by the speediest and the most painless death. When the subject of wool is introduced he mould make his. pupils believe that the first jhief purpose of the growth of that article it for the comfort of the sheep, that God could make it grow whether it was shorn off for the use of man or not, and that the Bheep would shed it if it was not relieved of it when it became oppressive by its weight and warmth. He should point out that we are rather too apt to consider every natural production solely with regard to the benefit wo ourselves can derive from it, but that there are thousands of things daily eliminated by nature that wo do not under* stand the use of, and that we may never derive any advantage from, but which are beautiful and serviceable to innumerable tribes of insect*, birds, beasts, and fishes. That as God hai given us reason, it is our duty to turn all things to our use, but that the progress of science and discovery adds to the comfort of man withont taking away from that of any :o be shorn once a year, and it is no advantage to nan to take off the wool more frequently. The )peration is painless and short, but the plucking sf feathers from gceao is neither ; and, were it aver so profitable; it could not be justified, be* cause it is intrinsically cruel and wrong. He might then dwell upon the unclothed and de* fenceless body of man, as exercising ingenuity and encouraging industry ; while to unreasoning animals God had given sufficient protection and clothing naturally. Supposing this third lesson to be concluded by prayer, Lean suppose it to take Bomewh&t; this form : — 'Almighty God, the creator of the world and of 0' living creatures,, enable us to imitate Thee in -%11 w 3 do, and especially in causing as much enjoyment and as little suffering as pos sible among all the, members of Thy universal family. Let us remember.always to do as we would be done by; and as ourselves would fear tyranny, cruelty, and unkiudness, let our reason and strength be always exercised for the protection of the weak, ana the relief of the suffering; and thus let us show the spirit of our Saviour, whose compassion was inex* ^ haustible even to the meanest and to the J worst; and let us prepare for Heaven, which m is the kingdom of universal love. And thitfl our humble' prayer we offer in the name ot Christ. Amen.' , . This course of instruction can run through the secular information, tinging every depart* ment of it, and not tacked on to the conclusion. Tho lesson and prayer may not embrace all that everybody desires, but it can offend no one ; and if other things are considered essen* tial, let ministers and Sunday-school teachers supply the want. But I think they comprise much that in this utilitarian age and colony would bo good for our rising generation to learn. „ If these long letters are the means of clearing up some of the confusion which has hitherto enveloped this important subject, I trust the Register will not grudge the room they have occupied. \- I remain, &c;, C. H. S. 