REQUIREMENTS OF THE COLONY. The science of politics bas its logic as well as geometry or algebra. It bas a true line leading to a natural conclusion, as well as a line iu re verse leading to contradiction. If you assume the principles of Free Trade, you must contend for the abolition of Custom duties : if you advo cate the abolition of Custom duties, you must maintain the necessity of direct taxation; if you espouse direct taxation, you must insist upon a revenue drawn from property in the shape of a land tax. For instance, [can Free Trade exist whtleyetyouimposeburdens on trade ? If you no longer tax trade, what shall you tax ? There are but two things to tax, the representative of property—land, and industry. Tax industry, you tax the mainspring of property. You cause the non-advancement of property in the ratio you tax industry. To save taxing industry, you must tax property ; and to do this in the most efficient manner, you must tax it directly, as in the case of a land tax, and this must be done on a well-defined and equalising scale. It is nothing to assert the difficulty of the matter. Other matters in legislation have been difficult, but yet the difficulties have been over come. Be resolved to do it, and it can be done. Of course the colony can do it as it chooses. It can adhere to a fallacious fiscal principle, or it can adopt a sound one; but it is surpassing silli ness to assert a principle true," and yet reject it for one acknowledged to be fallacious. On public Education, there is exactly the same incoherence. Men are disagreed, not because they do not argue from the same premises, but because they allow the natural order of their ideas to be intercepted by appeals of the imagina tion and the feelings. Among some people there is no such thing as rationality. Common sense is out of the question ; you may as well expect Euclid from a block as sustained reasoning from some sections of the community. On loans on railways there is the same per versity. You cannot for your life tell whether they want them or not. " Loans," say they, " we repudiate, because loans means debt; and railways are very good, but they are over costly. Yet we are disgusted with metalled roads, the more we have -to do with them, and the provid ing for their cost and repair." It is the same thing with capital or currency. When business has been well, and a reverse comes, " Oh, it is owing to excess of capital which has led to over trading; or its owing to a currency not suffi ciently restricted." What in the name of political good does the community want or mean ? It wants Free Trade, and it wants Custom-houses. It desires equitable taxation. Yet, tea, augar, calico must have heavy embargoes laid upon their entrance to the colony, while nearly twelve | millions of acres of runs pay not one farthing. It desires to foster industry, yet it hesitates to ' place one tittle p( the revenue on land. It desires national education, yet loses the argu- ! ment in a series of little sallies and attacks. It sighs for expeditious inter-communication, yet stares, like Hamlet at the ghost, at sight of the cost. The gold of the world is insufficient for its com merce, yet the cry is, " We will not have paper.*' •' The colony would be benefitted by capital, yet we will not have loans." Well, what does the community require; rather, what does it intend to have? Very likely, by some of our whole principle men, it may be proposed to assimilate our Tariff with that of Victoria. We should not beat all surprised if some among our many admirable representatives should agree to bring up, not only tobacco, but spirits and all things else, to the Victorian standard. That is exactly what the men wanting free trade and Custom-houses at the same time are likely to do. We, with the jea-mouth of the Murray, are to sacrifice the .rights -of consumers—to what ?—-to the people of Victoria? No; to the Victoria revenue. The Victorian Government has possi bly a vested- right in the traffic of the Murray. M Vested rights," we are admonished, " are not to be trifled with." The Squatters are said to ; have vested rights; all our great landholders: have vested rights; to lower the upset price of land would be "to break faith with the aristocracy of the soil." What are people to property what is right against might? Yet in England and vested rights are regarded as the moulder ing remains of worn out systems. Else, what have become of the vested rights of the ; East India Company, the West India slave plant ers, the Navigation Laws, and the thousand and one monopolies that darken the destinies of the mother country. We confess we never expected to hear of vested rights in South Australia. If, indeed, such an outcry chanced to be made, we thought it must be the Vested Eights of In dusthy. What other discussion of the phantom could be conjectured to take refuge here: The children of toil—the men of enterprise may be supposed to raise their thunder-shout amongst us—but property! It is too much, it is really going over the barrier—tumbling over the preci pice headlong. The short conclusion of the question is, on what are our public men agreed ?—on what are they disagreed ? What is our Constitution, stated to be Titanic, about to do? Is 1861 to see us exactly what we are in 1857 ? Is inert ness the best principle ; ambiguity the best alternative; a double sense the best resort of argument? There are some evidently of this mind; there are too many, as the term is, afraid to commit themselves. Few take a fearless posi tion. This is different from what might have been anticipated. We thought South Austra lians would have proved themselves frank to a fault; if impetuous, fearless. We thought the candidates for the honour of a Parliamentary career would have owned to some logic of de duction ; if they were for free trade, to bear themselves through the length of the proposi tion; or, if for national education, to declare either for this cause or that. 