concluded a previous article by some comments upon a Reviewer's QjlJj, opinion of our New South Wales theatres. We resume by noticing what he says of our love of music. His statement is,4 4 A taste for music, however, is general and the concerts are respectably attended, particularly, on the evenings when they are patronised by the Governor." This we believe to be a true testimony, unless Reviewer means to insinuate in the latter part of the sentence that our sycophancy to position is more powerful than our appreciation of sweet sounds. A true love of music (which being interpreted, means neither delight in low buffo-songs, nor the obscene filth to which the degraded listen with rapture, in at least some of England's if not of Sydney's licensed dens of iniquity) is a sign of health in any community; for the glory of music is that she can neither wound nor defile ; and that she so influences as to transport us into a sphere where selfishness and worldliness have no part to play. When will men, struggling for the moral and spiritual regeneration of mankind, fully recognise the important aid which music is able and willing to extend to them in their glorious work ? Most shallow is that view of man's nature which acta as if great masses of mankind could at once be reformed by the enunciation of mere abstract truth. No ; let our reformers ever bear in mind, that in leading men away from their vices, in destroying their evil habits; and in helping men to struggle against the temptations which daily assail their sinful natures, they must bring to the assistance of a weakened humanity every sinless help which can be found in the powers and tastes with which GOD has gifted us, or in the sublimity and loveliness of nature. Teetotallers, like others, have made this mistake. They have proclaimed their principles more in their negative aspects than in their positive. While removing from their followers the excitement of drink and the allure ments of the public house, they have not sufficiently employed the improving influences of study and of song; or fought the grog-shop with the reading room and music hall. Fellow labourers, let us repair our error and be foremost among the friends of the working classes of Sydney by providing for them the means of enjoying rational amusement and affording them opportunities for highest culture. Our friend when he wrote had no very exalted opinion of our love of books, and gives an extract implying that the Newgate Calendar was the most popular book in this colony. Fortunately the times are indeed changed, and though in many a richly furnished home & library is still a thing unknown, we venture to assert that in no place of equal size in the United Kingdom, will there be found a greater number of intelligent men or diligent readers of high class books than in Sydney. Our next extract is a curiosity. Messieurs of the press, what say you to the following ? One species of literature appears to be in great demand-that of the periodical press. The freedom from stamp and advertisement duty promotes the circulation of newspapers of all kinds; and most of them, being addressed to a very low class of readers, pander to their bad passions and ignorant prejudices, and encourage them to think lightly of crime; several of the editors have been, perhaps are, emancipists. . With all our attach ment to the liberty of the press, we have some doubts of its unlimited fitness for a colony of convicts. A rational man, while he sincerely advocates the popular principle of general enlightenment, may fairly be allowed to question the prudence of striking sparks in a powder-magazine. Complimentary ! is it not ? Sparks in a powder-magazine !!! Terse, decidedly. We the powder, you the sparks. In our ignorance we had rather boasted of our newspaper press, nay, in our poetic moods the figure which seemed most accurate was the gentle ' stream' flowing calm and pure with its ' murmurs' not hoarse, but musical, as is (or rather was) APOLLO'S lute. Never, not even when oppressed with nightmare, have we shuddered before the awful image of the powder-magazine. The press is indeed powerful; yet, excited reader, you and we may continue to retire to rest without fear of being awoke some hundreds of feet up in the air, propelled to destruction by the sulphuric agency of the leaders of our morning papers. Were the fears which dis turbed our rather stupid friend then entirely chimerical ? Perhaps not in his day. If so, what a proof of improvement ? Let us take heart if so great a change has taken place in so short a period. Most assuredly, it cannot now be said with truth, our 4 Dailies' address themselves to a low class of readers and pander to the worst of passions. On the contrary, whatever our politics, we must admit the great literary ability displayed in the columns both of the Herald and Empire. A paper superior to the Herald with its summary for England, per * Emeu,' has very rarely been*seen in England or elsewhere. And with regard to the Empire we venture to say it contains from time to time leaders enunciating and elaborating great principles in a spirit and style which would do honoiir to the Times. The remainder of the article is almost wholly occupied with a discussion of the transportation question, which, as it is (happily for us) settled for ever, we need not dwell upon, contenting ourselves with picking out one or two tit-bits which may amuse. Speaking of the female convicts in New South Wales, Reviewer quotes the following from the First Transport Report: There are a certain number of the women that are not allowed to marry j but, with respect to those who are not under punishment, Mrs. Gordon (I have been there and seen the ceremony) says, "Well, turn out the women of such a class." They are turned out, aad they all stand up as you would place so many soldiers, or so many eattle, in fact, in a fair; they are all ranked up. It is requisite for me to state that the same tort of ceremony aad the same mode occur with a free man; for there are free men that go to the factory to select a wife. The convict goes up and looks at the women, and if he sees a lady tnat takes his fancy he makes a motion to her, and she steps on ono side ; some of them will not, but stand still, and have no wish to be married, but that is very rare. Then they have, of course, some conversation together, and if the lady is not agreeable, or if the convict does not fancy her from her conversation, she steps back, and the same ceremony goes on with two or three more. I have known an instance of convicts going and having the piok of one hundfed or two hundred without finding one to please them; the lowest fellows you can fancy have said it would not do-they could not get one to suit. But if he finds one to please him, they get married, and on returning to his master's estate he knocks up a hut for himself and his wife, and they live together when he is not at work; the master allows generally what is called half a ration for the wife, in addition to the man's ration. Q. What security is there that the man or woman is not married in England? A. There is a list generally comes out with them, and it mentions whether they are married or not ; but these lists are by no means correct, and they carry on that system to such an extent, thai it has been known that convict men and convict women have actually written letters in New South Wales and sent them to some acquaintance in England to put into the post-office, in order to have the English post-mark; writing to say, " Dear Jack," or "Dear Tom, I am very sorry to tell you that your wife died on such a day," giving a full account of the death, aud what has become of the children. It has been proved that these letters have been sent from the colony to England, and have been sent back to enable them to get married.-First Tramp. Sep. 645, 6, 7. Only fancy a convict having one or two hundred 4 ladies5 to choose a wife from, and, dainty fellow! unwilling to exercise his Sultanic power of throwing the handkerchief because of the exquisite delicacy of his taste! The then convict, beats your now free man hollow. Which of us, reader beloved, not withstanding our manly beauty and first-rate position, could get two hundred Sydney young ladies to range themselves before us, with tyranical right of selection ? Alas! we have to bend to one of the darling rogues, and sue " in forma pauperis." That use of the post-office, too, rather tickles one. Think of " Dear Jack's" feelings when, with moistened eye but laughing heart, he read the letter penned in his own artistic handwriting, telling him the sad tale of the death of his young and beautiful NANCY, killed by the crush around the gallows at Tyburn while witnessing the execution of her only brother! The number of convictions which then took place are rather startling. Reviewer gives Mr. MAC ARTHUR'S statistics, and draws therefrom conclusions like "a fine old Tory gentleman, one of the olden time." u In the first eight years of that period, the proportion of convictions by the criminal court, relatively to the whole population of the colony, appears to have been about one in 375 persons. During the next three years it amounted to about one in every 360. In the five years from 1821 to 1825, to about one in 183; and from 1831 to 1835, the five years concluding the period, it had increased to one in 119 persons. In 1835 (the popu lation being about 70,000) the number of convicts was near 28,000."-Macarthur, p. 35. In such a state of society it required all the effrontery of modern radicalism to set up a nWm for a representative government. Yet such a claim is actually advanced and pressed by the 'felonry' of Australia, and warmly supported by their political friends on thin side of the water. At present, the constitution of that country comprehends, under the Governor, an executive and a legislative council: the executive council consisting of the Governor, the colonial secretary, the lientenant-governor, the bishop, and the colonial treasurer; the legislative council comprising, in addition to all these members except the last, the chief justice, the attorney-general, the chief officer of customs, the auditor feneral, and seven private gentlemen appointed by the crown for life. Radicalism then beat its opponents, for now we have a representative government, with all its attendant blessings-light taxes, cheap rents and provisions, mob hurrahings, and hustings truthfulness and eloquence, and, chief of all, patriots of the purest water in office. Who will joot throw up his cap and «heer since the good time of which MACKAY has song has arrived! Responsible government is the people's right, and when used for a nation's good and not for the aggrandisement of a few, it is an unspeakable privilege; but when it falls into the hands of the false and the shallow, the evil overbalances the good. * With the great Australian Ghost Story, the telling of which by DICKENS in his Household Words created so great ail impression at home, we conclude as it is given by Eeviewer: ' A settler on the great western road was missing from his small farm. His convict overseer gave out that he had gone off privately to England and left the property in his care. This was thought extraordinary, as the settler was not in difficulties, and was a steady, prudent man; the affair, however, was almost forgotten, when, one Saturday night, another settler was returning with his horse and cart from market. On arriving at a part of the fence on the road side, near the farm of his absent neighbour, he thought he saw him sitting on the fence; immediately the farmer pulled up his mare, hailed his friend, and, receiving no answer, got out of the cart, and went towards the fence. His neighbour (as he plainly appeared to be) quitted the fence, and crossed the field towards a pond in the direction of his home, which it was supposed he had deserted. The farmer thought it strange, remounted his cart, and proceeded home. The next morning he went to his neighbour's cottage, expecting to aee him, but saw only the overseer, who laughed at the story, and said that his master was by that time near the shores of England. The circumstance was so inexplicable that the farmer went to the^ nearest justice of the peace (I think it was the Penrith bench), related the preceding circumstances, and added that he feared foul play had taken place. A native black, who was-and, I believe, still is-attached to the station as a constable, was sent with some of the mounted police, and accompanied the farmer to the rails where the latter thought he saw, the evening before, his deceased friend. The spot was pointed out to the black, without showing him the direction which the lost person apparently took after quitting the fence. On close inspection, a part of the upper rail was observed to be discoloured; it was scraped with a knife by the black, who next smelt at it and tasted it. Immediately after, he crossed the fence, and took a straight direction for the pond near the cottage; on its surface was a scum, which he took up in a leaf, and after tasting and smelling, he declared it to be " white man's fat." Several times, somewhat after the manner of a bloodhound, he coursed round the lake; at last he darted into the neighbouring thicket, and halted at a place containing some loose and decayed brushwood. On removing this, he thrust down the ramrod of his musket into the earth, smelt at it, and then desired the spectators to dig there. Instantly spades were brought from the cottage, and the body of the settler was found, with his skull fractured, and presenting every indication of having been sometime immersed in water. The overseer, who was in possession of the property of the deceased, and who had invented the story of his departure for England, was committed to gaol, and tried for murder. The foregoing circumstantial evidence formed the main proofs. He was found guilty, sentenced to death, and proceeded to the scaffold protesting his innocence. Here, however, his hardihood forsook him : he acknowledged the murder of his late master ; that he came behind him when he was crossing the identical rail on which the farmer fancied he saw the decea«ed, and with one blow on the head, killed him-dragged the body to the pond, and threw it in; but, after some days, took it out again, and buried it where it was found. The sagacity of the native black was remarkable ., but the unaccountable manner in which the murder was discovered is one of the inscrutable dispensations of Providence,' ~Martin, p. 130. 