T WE 'ETJ' GI l 'S 'H R I MIS . .»Hie iGteeát fti&t;ít for ÏÂè ,"6Kámpión^ . .fihip'àri'd^^pO be't^éh Toto Seer's and the Tipton Slasher. : rFmm àe'tl's tJfe in Wildon," June2Ui . ,.. i -,, Seldom lina it fallen to our lot to, describo an.event o similar Importances to, .that now. under notice which,ha; been carried out from first to last: willi such good fcelinf bud mani; straight-forwnrdneís on both sides as Jins bear displayed from first to last during the progress of. Un match between Tom Sayers and Bill Perryi and never, Bineo the momoriiblo affair between Mendigo and Ben Caunt, in 1845, has been a match which, has excited such general interoht beyond the circle of regular supporters of truo old British boxing. Here was n man, the acknowledged champion of tim middle woights, boldly throwine; du» a tho gauntlet to tho equally acknowledged Champion of Kngtand. and dari ncr him to combat ifor'tbe title and reward to which for go lone; a time ho had laid chira without mooting an ndvursury . of his own weight and inches daring enough to deny. his pretensions. Not a temblatico of ill-feeling was there existing between tho mon, and Wo aro glad to stato that throughout, oven up to the very contest, itself, did they maintain towards ono another the most kindly sentiments. The only matter nt issue between them « ns, whether a man'of 5 feet 8 inches, and U stone in weight, possessed of very considerable science, coiild contest, with any chance nf auece.-f>. against ono topping tho 6. feet by half an ¡nell, and weighing not less than 14Mt Gib. TTTTÎ WTftTfVttTT'-SI fw TTIf ivrèw Biti. PBRUT (the Tipton Siàslicr) states,that ho wai horn at Tipton. 18\9, anil if ho is currect in this' .state ment, ho must bavo commenced his career as a pugilist al tho early age of 16, as wo find it recorded th.it, cir, the 3rd Nov. 1835, ho déîe'nted one Dogherty, at Chelsea. He then weighed aliout' I Ost. 101b. On the 17th of Dec. 1836, ho defeated Ben Spillbury, fur £10 a side, iii 19 rounds, at Oldbury'; arid on' tho 2ind of November, 1837, ho obtained his third victory in' a battlo. with. Jem Scanner (tho' GornclChnropión), nb»»'gatekeeper, to a noble lord. This fight lasted 60 rai nu tes, and .31 rounds were' fought. lt was several' years aftor this that the Tipton w'as'br'oiiitht up to' town by Johnny Drooinp, who attempted' to ' bring about' a match bel ween him and a man called tho Devonshire Champion, who was' a protege of Jem IliitnV Johnny, ¡tis said, took the Slasher with with a chaih'r ..lind' his' noxki arid showed' him to "my nevy," protending ho'was a| sort'of wild mail of the wiiodsi blit auld' Jerri did not like his'lun'ks, and declined to back bis Champion against' him! Tho Slasher was matched'by Hroomo against' Deaf ' Húrké then átalo, and in falling health; but by some mistnko on tho part pf Johnny, a. forfeit occurred when only,£l5 a side was down, .and tho Deaf un novcr gave away another chance.' Trio Slasher, however, was nut doomed to remain long without acüstomor, for' about this timó'Cnúnt, returned from' a tour in' America; .bringing with him Charles Freeman (tho Amorican Giant). whVwas forthwith pitted against tho Slasher, and they'met Tor tho' first time Dec. 14, l842j'at'Sawbndgow;orth, and after figh ting 70 rou mia in 84 minutei','witti pretty equal :«d'» antares, were stopped by darkness; and the fight was 'finally brought to nu un- satisfactory conclusion on tho 20th ' of December, in Cliflo Marshes',' belo« Gravesend, Freeman bomg pro- claimed thc victor through the Slasher fulling without n blow in the (Sth round. On tho 19eh of .December, 184»; the Slasher for the first time met Tass Partier, for £\QQ a »ide, and aftor fighting 07 rumula in 95 minutes, tho" police interférai' and tho light was /postponed to Feb. 37,'in tho following year, wlion Tass.' after fierh'tini? ian rounds ia 152 minutes,' fell without a blow, and the Tiptor wu's" proclaimed tho winner. On ' the ?Uli of August 1846 tho same adversaries again met, and our hero was« second tiuoe victorious in 23 rounds and 27 minutes. .J?oi throe years after this, beyond a futile effort to nuilee a match with Ben Cauht, he appears tn have been shelved, and ia Sept, 18^9,' wo lind him forfeiting lo Con. Parker, then n promistrig'young big one. On tho 17th of Deo., 1850, he made his tirst appearance as a bonn fide claimant for tho Championship; and, ns we stated almvo, met Tom Paddock fer £100 a side, and after fighting 27 rounds in 42 minutes by moolight, won his battle by a foul blow. Thofolluwirig year his' former friend ami bucker. Johnny Breóme, undertook to fm<l a mau to fight him for thc Championship,' and on tbts'.idiHhVngo being uecopted, Harrv Broiimo stepped forward and minim need that ho was the Simon'Puro, ' Tho Slasher waa nothing loth, and a match was tho result for X20O a side, lt came off Sept., 19, 1851, at 'Mildetihall. Peter Crawley being referee, nnd ended iii n vordict against thc Slasher on the ground thai'ho had struck Broome, whoa on his knees, lt did not appear to us at the time to be a wilful foul un the part of the Tipton, and ' we have always considered that Peter strained the cord too severely, but tho fiat onco Riven could not be recalled, lt was a qtmstion of intention, and we have always maintained that thc blow was. entirely accidental. A. .fresh match was made bottveen tho same men,, which ended in a forfeit of £25 to tho Slasher, in August, 1853, whereby ho regained, tho'title of Champion, as Broome retired from the King, and from that timo until tho present match tho Slasher has not figured.'in any way in tho pugilistic" hemispticro except as .the receiver of forfeit last year' of £70 from Aaron'Jones, and £80 from Tom Paddock, both of whom were anxioui to wrest his title from Him, but neither of whom appearo'd aldo to raise.'tho requisito amount of dol- lars to .complote tho stales, lt.was thought by .most people that tho Slasher would how havo retired from thc Kin¿, but tho announcement of tho establishment bf. the new Champion's Belt appeared to have instilled fresh vigour into his constitution, and be announced his inten- tion of defying all comers who might bo anxious tb dis- puto his. title to tho trophy. Ho wop riot, ' as is. well known, kept long In 'suspense,' as. almost immediately after tho defeat of Aaron ' Jones by Tom Sayers, the present' match was finado ' for. tho Slasher by Jemmy Ma*6oy. Tho Slasher Blands six feet and half nn inch in height, and,in his best days fought about i 3st in. weight. From the waist upwards .he at uno timo, possessed ono of tho 6ncst and most herculean busts wc ever, saw, but bis pins being somewhat, the . shape of tho . lotter K, con- siderably . deteriorated . from ' tho beauty.. of his confi Ruration, which had his understandings , been, straight, would have been tho porfection of manly strength. Ho <B a game resoluto fellow, bat never possessed . any Very itrong claims' to scientific' .acquirements.! Bo was a terrible hitter with his right'when bo did got home, but always rathor rather slow in his deliveries. As soon as ¡lie present match waa made ho gavo up,his public-house in Spon-lano,'l'.ipton. and commenced gontle .exercise, and gradually got <,ff his superabundant weight. , About six weeks hack he betook himself to .tho , neighbourhood of Box Albor, whore by steady .work ho got, himself as lit s! a m m of his'nge and former somewhat fast habits could ho expected to do. There,\yoro all sorts of,rumors >s tu his condition, some saying ho was.ns fat as a pig, and others assorting, on tho contrary, that he' was as thin and worn as a starved greyhound. ,As . it turned ont, howovcr, tho happy medium would haye, boon nearer tho mark. He wns certainly not so thin as wo have seen him, but his muscles wore .tolerably well developed,,.and there was a glow, of health upon, Ilia, good tempered mug which betokened rio want pf attention to his, training. Hi« weight wns somewhat .over 14 stone,, and .on, his j airiral at. Owen Swift's en tho day,before .fighting, he announced that ho felt quito up to tba , mark, and was as Tell as over ho had Loon in. his life. , ile. felt perfect cim, (Hence as tc* tim result, and popb-poohod'ibo very iden of defeat. Ho loft' London tho saino afternoon en routa (ot; thescono of notion, nnd was . picked, up , the following morning ot Tilbury. ' . Ho did not romain in town to show. >t tho bonofit of tba Association for prudential reasons, it being whispered that tho .powers, 'that ,bo hnd,thçir.eyes upon both men, and intendod a grab should either mako hU appearance . , . .. -, ,, , TOM SvrBitSi'Now CHAMPION ÓF'TÍNÓr.AWD, first saw iHo li)iht in 1820. He wa» boru nt Pimlico; iieai-Urighton; «od not. Camden' 'Town, < ns " wo erroneously stated sumo (¡mo hack.-' For several years.'ho carried on: tho trade of . bricklayer, 'and it was not'untllMarch 1»,18'41», that he (nt took to milling ns n profession; -* On that day ho do ? featod one Couch; foV £5 a side; at- Gre'onbitho, and dl« p'avod such tnloufthat ho was »not long after matched' against'Dan' Collins;-then conBidorod tb' bo arising star among tho middle weights; Theao mcn met October 22nd," 1830, at Kdonbridgc,. for J625 a .side; arid ofter fighting' nine rounds in 27 minutes, with pretty equal advantage,' tha beaks interfered, and they had to mov« to Red lilli, ? .whferé 39.more roímos were-, got through in ono liour'and , fifty-two minutes,when darkness put an und to hostilities, I There'was liltio to choose between tho men at tho finish,, but, if anything, Collina appeared the moro .>ei<,riti(io: bnxor. Another1 appointment was m*dé'for April 29th ,1.851 ; on which day the lad« mot nt Long Reach, and Tom gained the victory in 44 rmi lids nnd 84 minutes.' Ha had evidently improved in both strongtlvnnd science, anil his friends forthwith looked out-for niinther customer for him. : At first .there was i some diflienlty in thia; but early in" 1852 J nek Grant, thou in his zenith', consented to honor our hero with n conference for £100 n side, nnd nn tho 2!)ih June in that jenr, fjio men met at Mildonball, Grant , being the favourite at. 6 and 0 to 4. lt wns not a good fight. Sayers knowing the dangerous nature of his an- tagonist, fought accordingly in a cautious manner, and there was more pulling ami hauling than we have sinco seen in ail Tom's fights put together. . The linnie lasted two hours nnd fifty minutes; during which sixty-four rounds wero fought; and Anally Jack Grant, who was severely puuishoil shoat the body, had togivoin.-: On January 2G, in the following year,'Jack ^fnrtin had tho temerity to enter tho roped nrena with Sayers, and suf- fered a most^ egregious defeat in 23 rounds nnd 55 minutes. Sayers retired with-scarcely a scratch; whilo, his adversary, who took his gruel most gamely, was se-; veroly punished. In Tom's next encounter he wa» doomed for the first «nd only time during his career' to suffer de- feat; this being, as is- well known, at the hnrids nf tho accomplished 'Nat < Langham, then . tho acknowledged champion nf tho middlo weights. Thc fight waa for £100 n-side, and took placé at Lakenheatli, October'rs, 1853. Tom sttugglcd bravely, but rtieffecrually. against Falo. Ile wont in, round after round, in the most determined' way, and left not a dodgo untried to get to-windward of Nat. The lat'er, however, wai too leary and too clever for Tom. lie timed him in tho moit scientific way. in every round, got homo continually vory straight on Tom a proboscis and peepers, and finally reduced him to cora-, pleto darkness in both eyes, and Tom was forced to ca-, pitulate, after fighting sixty-one rounds in two hours and: ¡ two minutes. On February 28, 1854, Tom encountered1 George Sims, and staked ¿50 to £25, This was a most | ridiculous match on tho part of Sims, who had not tho ghost of. a chance, and was hit out of time in four rounds j and five minutes, without having touched his opponent.' Sayers made several, efforts about tili» time to get on a fresh match with Nat Langham, feeling extremely jealous; j 'of. Nat's lamps, which boro tho title. Champion of the Middle Weights.. Nat's, hoalth, however, became very: indifferent, nnd ho declined to make another engagement.!! Ho shortly retired from the Kine and Tom then assumed'! the titlo he had long coveted of Champion of the Middle j WciuhtSi but, alas! ho lind.now no public-house where-| unto he might niîx the nmch-eovctcd lamps. He there-, | fore challenged tho. world at 1 Ut in weight, but for nearly ' two yénrs was without a customer. Towards tho close of, 1855, he took, a fancy to try conclusions with Harry Poul-; j son of Nottingham, a powerful boxer of 1'2-t weight,! who had fought three tremendous battlcB with Paddock,'] losing two and,winning ono Poulson was nothing Jothy ! and a match was made for him by Jem Burn. The/-met on Ihe 29th January, 1S50, at Appledore, andjçrcat was» j tho surprise expressed at tho temerity of Sfty<eVs in meet- j ing such, a strong .determined ndveisafir. Snyo<s waa j anything hut fit on this occasion, t.nd; although nt the j commencement ha led off and . got^first blood nm! first knock-down, his stamina quicklyJnUed him, and ha had | for some time.to resort to the dropping system, to avoid tho desperate onslaughts of poulson.' Slowly, however, but surely, ho kept on dropping in sharp smacks on tho nose and peepers of UiCjgoHant Hnrry. whose optics gra- dually elbsed,. and,finally, in tho 109th round, nt tho end: of three hours .anqyiight minutes. Tom munnged to ad- minister tho coup iß grace. Some time after this Tom wns matched witlylVulilock, who agreed to stake £200 to i.J100, but ¿he affair ended in amoko.and ho subsequently' threw down the gauntlet to . Aaron Jones, who, looking upon the offer as too good tn bo lost, at once picked up the gage of battle and articles wcro drawn for a fight foryihoo a side. Tho first meeting took pince down tho: river on tho 6th of Jnnuarv last, when, after fighting 02 'rounds, in three hours, darkness carno on just at the time when Tom seemed to have victory within his grasp. A second mooting wes appointed . for :February 10th, when they fought for £100 a sido and a bot of £100 a side, near tho sarao spot, whero tho first meeting took place. On thia occasion Sayers appeared in finer condition than nt the former encounter, and at once took the lead', which ho never lost. Jones took n very good licking, and was finally compelled to knock tinder in 85 rounds, lasting 2 hours.. Tho finishing blow, as-doubtless our renders re- member, was a terrific right liandei(J>n the goggle, tho mark of which still remains to disfigure Aaron's other- wise good looking mug. It was at a dinner given at Nat Langhntn's to celebrate this victory that the match with tho Slasher was rnadn. Some ehaff arose between Jemmy Massoy and one of Toni's backers, nnd ultimately Jemmy offered to hack the Slasher against Sayers, for £200 a side. Sayers seemed delighted at the chance, and autho- rised his friend to stake a fiver to bind the bargain. 1 bis was done, and tito following week nrticlcsiwcre drawn up, and nil preliminaries adjusted. Vom was oven now pretty fit to fight, so that ho lind only to keep himself tolerably steady, and. did. not require thnt groat'amount of work' which nccessaiily devolved upon the Slasher. He starred it about the. country for . a tinto, and finally went into activo training about six weok's back in tho neighbour- hood of Hastings. -Hero he wnrkod with great assiduity, and until last week was allowed to remain unmolested. On Friday last, however; : lie got intelligence that1 the " traps" were on bis scent, and' ho had 'to move away in double quick time, to avoid their clutches. The wisdom of this movement was fully proved on tho following morning, when tho house where ho hud beon living was surrounded by Bobbies, .who kept tboir ground for some hours before they could be persuaded that tho bird had flown. Tom came straight to Loudon, just escaping another posse of meddlers, who were sent to certain sta- tions on the lino to intercopt him, but who arrived just too late. Of course it was unsafe for him to remain in London, and he proceeded at once in another direction, where .he -remained until > Tuesday morning, whan be, in common with the Slasher, joined tho expedition at Tilbury. There were many complaints at- the benefit that the men did not show, but, nmlor tho circumstances of the.case, it would have been perilous in tho extremo for them to do so, ns they would both to n certainty have been nailed, and consigned to durance vile, to the total destruction of the ; pleasure of the following day. Sayers, as wo have beforo stated, is barely 5ft'8Jin, and ' his fighting weight is about lOst I2lb, bot on Tuesday last we should say, from his appearance, ho was several J pounds above that weight. _. . . ¡ EK ROUTE TO THE BATTUE GROUND. . Tho excursionists left London by train on tho South one! line .at ten minutes, tn, eight; ami , it was on thc journey . down we heard with ..astonishment,,that ;Mi Clarke, of the Adelphi,, had chartered an opposition boat, which was ,in .waiting at Tilbury, to convey passengers fit a cheap rate to tho ¡»round. '.,, , , ? . . (in arriving at Southend,,we found, it was blowing n gnío from tho S.E.,, and there waa a hoavy sea on. Tho boat could not. como alongside tho pier, and it was with great difficulty that the passdngers were able to got on board. , ,K,,.'. ,-, i, , ? When air wore on hoard,- tho vessel steamed' outUo sea, and rounded the iNoro Light. . The passage' WÓB anything, but enjoyable to bail sailors,"and wo observed many, offering their contributions to Neptune in the most liberal manner. * ? ? How the passengers, fared in tho other vessel, .the Widgeon; belonging 'to, tho .Waterman's Company, we know not, but from her small sizo, wo should imagine they matt .have had. a had time of it. , Tho company reached tho appointed spot by half-past one o'clock, and the ring was pitched as ' soon aa possible. Tho mon eutornd.it botwecn twp and th roo, but just,'as all was arranged, tho Company seated,, and, tho. dressing com- menced, a bevy of bluos. was seen swiftly approaching the ring. Sauve qui peut was tho order of tho day, and all rushed off to thc steam bonis, rjiany.' in' their anxiety, making-' for tho wrong vessels; and. many mistakes' con'; soquon'lly occurring.All, howovor,.got on' board, on or the other; by thron o'clock; and a' move was made-subie roilos further on to an island, whoro a'secbnd-,ldobarka¿ tiím'R|leódlly tobk placée1 Another Hng was-pitchod,'and r'ound itSvere quickly ranged tome 3,000 persons. ' 'Tito movements of the'steamar'had 'put hil tho frequenters' of the river on tho qui "M*, and- tho water' wtis studded with boats and sailing vcasols of various sites convey- ing their numerous freights to the icono of action. . TJn5_ground~selaetod wa».excellent for_.milI¡nír,piir poses, and trie inner and "cuter'ring Vere formed v5th;á: .much expedition .as possible,'for fear of further "nfor rtiptioii. A 'good hnsiness was transuded'.in the'sale o inner ring tickets,'the amount' realised by which wai £)J 2s'6d, theiafgest «tim' ever received'for a like por posé,' .The' number of Corinthian 'sportsmen was .tl« largest' we ever remember at the'ring side; and thc spec tàtors most 'orderly _.if we oxrejit one Hebrew gent','« backer of Tom' Sayers, whose taunts and noisy vocifera^ tiona nt tho OM Slasher, disgusted' not only the liáekeñ of that worthy, but niuo' tho friends of,Tom Saycrs.aud every other' person thátheard them. ' "'\ ' ' ! /-.n ; At half-past four'tho men entered theVing ready" foi misincssi'Sayers ' attended by Nat Énhg'hijm and Bill Hayes, and tho Slasher under ' tho superintendence of Tass Parker and.lack Macdonald, perhaps the best pair of seconds that could bo -'found in any nineo. No tinio was cut to waste in preliminaries! the colors wcro tied to the stakes-blue and white spot fr Bayers, and the'old blue bird's eye' fogto '.for the Slasher-'and'at'twoUS minutes to. five tboy were delivered at tho scratch,"'tho betting being 6 . to S on the nhl one. , ' THE WflnT. . Tínund 1-On' toeing tho scratch the contrast botweer the men : was, as may be imagined, most extraordinary The mild Tipton topped his adversary at least four inches and it looked to th« uninitiated ' a horse to a hen." Rii i ni menso Tramo and ponderous muscular arms nnd leg! seemed calculated tn bear him to victory against four sud menas Sayers. He looked all full nf confluence. ' ant evidently considered he' had a very easy little job before him.'- - He was thinner than we expected to see him, one his condition' generally was very'fair,! but there were th( usual indications of age upon certain points whore thc fullness and roundness of youtli had disappeared from hil form. .' Ho looted all his ase (38), indeed by many h( was thought tb bo for on the shady side of 40. His atti tilde was ungainly, but still he was roach and ready, arid the question that suggested iifelf to our minds was "hon was Sayers to get at him?" Tom Sayers as lie advanced to meet his antagonist was the perfection of manly strength and athletic . development. His fine broad shoulder*, small loins, nnd poworful arms' and legs, were nil tnrncil in one of natnro's best lathes, nnd there was not a fault to find unless it was that he had two or three pounds mure flesh than was necessary about bis back and ribs. . His attitude for attack or defence was admirable and how over confident the Slasher was;' it was perfectly obvious that Sayers was not ono whit behind him in that respect. The Sin sher had evidently made up his mind to set to work at once and gut his mau down in a jiffey. Ile lum- bered in like a large bear, let go both hands wi<h more vigour thanindgment, but did not get homo, and Sayers, in stepping^ack fell, but at once jumped up to renew tho round.. The Slasher went at him, put in a little one on tho (kuli, and Tom again fell. ,'2-The .Slasher carno np.- evidently with greater confi- dence than ever; and lunged nut his right, which'reached Tom's ribs, with great force, and Tom countered;him sharply on the mouth, drawing first blood. The Slasher looked astonished, stopped to considor a. moment.and ngain went in swinging his great arms like the sails of a windmill. Sayers danced lightly out of harm's, way, and then, stopping in, popped a tidy smack on tho spectacle beam, and got away laughing. After dancing round his man, and easily avoiding several moro lunges, Tom again cot homo on tho snuffer-tray, removing a piece. of the japnn, and drawing a fresh supply of tho ruby. , The Tipton, annoyed, rushed in, misled his right, and also a terrific upper cut with his left, and Sayers again dropped in upon tho smeller. After this, slight exchanges took place, tho Slasher too slow to be effective. He now.chesed Sayers all over thc ring, tho latter dancing mund him libo a wild Indian, or fleeing like a deer, to draw him after him. The vicious Illowa aimed by tho Slasher all fell upon tho air, and fib exertions to catch his nimbia anta- gonist caused him to blow off steam to an indefinite ex- tent. Had ono of tho intended compliments alighted upon Tom Sayers, wo think it would have been all over with him. After Sayers had completed his dance he went to his man, cleverly avoided a good right- hander, and delivered another very hot ono on the snout (more Bad- minton). Tho Tipton tried his heany punches.ogain thrco times, nnd missed; a fourth attempt was prettily stopped, after which both hit »hort. The Tipton next-gut, on Tom's right cheek with the left, but not heavily, and some very pretty stopping followed on both sides, after which tho Tipton made another ru»h like a bull at a gate, and found himself once more battling with vacancy. Tom li av ing slipped under his arm, nod danced olFlaughing. . .Thc Slasher looked with astonishment- and shook his nut. Sayers ngnin approached, and aftorono or two faints n good exchange took place, , S.iyors getting on to the left eye and tho Slasher on the ribs. Sharp counter bits fol ' lowed Slasher on the gob, and.Tom on the cheek.. Tom now lcd oh" with his double.' but tho Slasher stopped him prettily twice in succession, but he missed his return. Tho Slasher ngain pounded away, principally with bis right, but without effect, as Sayers jumped back orstopped every effort. .Sayers now planted a stinger with the left on the mark, and stopped the return. Tho next minute he got sharply, home on tho sneezer, and jumped quickly away.from-a woll-intondod upper cut, which looked Uko a finisher. The Slasher now stopped one or two pretty leads, but his return carno so slowly that,Sayers: was far ont of harm's way. - This occurred . several times, the Slasher rushing n.bout liko-a baited bull. Sayers skipping and nimbly getting away from every rush. After a little of thiß entertainment Sayers . went in, let.go his.left, and was stopped neatly, nnd ho in.turn stopped two very round hits on the part of Perry. .Sayors next, feinted, and got " homo a slashing loft-hander on. the cheek, which he cut sevcroly, and drew a, plenteous supply, of the ruby., Ano- ther hit fell' on tho samo spot. The'ShuIicr then got a little ono on Tom's body, and tried again, but Tom.got away. - Tho Slasher retired ,10. his corner to get his mug wiped, . and,' on coming out again. Toni led him another " dance all. over the ring,, the old one, with more haste than speed, trying to catch' bini, and repeatedly expending his strength in empty, space. At last Sayers,, having given him a good turn' at this game, stopped; to seo whether he .was, pumped, and soino good exchanges followed, Sayers again on the damaged cheek, and'the Slasher also.reaching tho chook. Mutual'stopping followed, and Sayers next got home heavily' on tho conk. ' Tho ,Slasher now, stopped,Tom, a,nd returned, but not heavily!' on tho top of his nut, which led to exchanges-Tom, on tho squinter and Bill on the ribs. 'After ono .or .two moro exchanges,' another tremendous counter took place Tom receiving on tho mouth and the Slasher on tho nozzle, each drawing the carmine. The Slasher 'Having* next made several misses, went in, and another sharp counter was exchanged; Tom receiving on the brain pan and tbe. Slasher on tho beak, from which more home-brewed escaped:' Each now hod a wipo of tho sponge, and Tom treated his'opponent to another gama of follow-mv-leader all over the ring, in 'the course of . which tho Slasher''1 caught him a heavy right- hander on the back. He then stopped Toni's left, ' and heavy counters followed-Toni on tho snorter and Slasher on tho forehead, knocking him down firtt knock dmiin Sot. Slashor). This round laBtcd nearly half an hour.' '.' ! 3-Thc Slasher laughing, carno up but lie was evidently bent on mischief; Sayers smiled, tried his left, and 'was ?topped,' and tho Slasher, as nsual,- missed two swinging right handers. Tom dodged, popped his )ofton tho mark, nnd then oh' the forehead, got aïittlo ono on tho ribs, and oxehnngcs followed, Tom gottlng homo on tho loft goggle, and Tipton on tho mouth." Sonio, nonyy gi vp and take fightlhg''followed,' 'Tom gb'ttirig ' moro 'juice from'the Slasher's right'cheek, and re'colving onoj'or two smart once) en tho'nock arid "side';''óf 'Iiis' nut. "Mntttiií'sfopping,' feinting, and dodging, until Tom got homo oh thc mark, and, the Slasher again - followed him all over thc ring, hilting 'out of distance, mid'with' n'o'inann'or ¿T judge- ment. "Finding "ho could' dd 'n'othinir'; 'tho' Siasbor'pnt down his hands," arid retired for'ahbther wipe; from Jack Macdonald, and then renewed1 his'exertions,'wliensomo pretty stopping 'took'.', placó' pVbqth. sides', after which Sayers " got homo, "oh tho'left ,sidobf thé'niih,""I>üt was ?topped'in another essay/.'1. Tho SlashtSr stopped t'vvo inoro wóíl intendnd'ones; 'aiiil'then got ' homo on tho side bf TomYs 'crnninairSayers^foturndd very''heavily on tho snorer, ouco moro'tnrriing'o'n.'th'o tap. Tbni now dodged,' and 'tlidh'ff'oVho.me^ tro mbndmi'é ¡ hit,' and'n'g'dlri ätd mo,libmc-l)rowcd'ràppetif? ! Tho Slasher ro'tlred to b'b cleaned, an'd'camo'ngafñ viciously,' I hut'Sayers pinked' htm oh tho smeller,.receiving a slight rolúfn' bñ'tlio tip ol'the nui! 'Moro' futile' efforts' oh' tho i pnrt of tho Slasher, whoso friends' c'alléd upon'Say'ora to j stand still and be hit, but Tom wisely declined. Hu had orden to kcop his man on his legs and fight him at long chota, and thean orders ho carried out mo-t excellently. Again and dgniii did.the Slasher niii-s or got stopped. Occasionally he got horne a .very little one, which did not le.tTo'a mark, and'now he. niched at Tom, dashed out his right, nnd very narrowly escaped smashing his fist ngtihst ,tho stake-it was' within ari, inch,. Sayers lifted np his arms with astonishment, and.laughing; stood until the Slather wor.' round on another tack, and came nt him ¡again, when Tom got away, shaking bis noddle j and grinning. ' The Slasher folloxod, ' und ' Tom nailed' him on the snout, stopped his ro turn, and then planted another on the cheek*. Sharp ox changes followed, tho' Slasher getting-on Tom's right' check nnd just drawing the juice, while Tom left a murk en- the: Slasher's- left eye. ? - The onld one, -very flow, tpnrred apparently, for wind, and WAS then stopped loft »nd right, after-which each hit over ,tho shoulder. Tom afterwards, stopped both hands,, ami got easily away from a third: attempt Slight exchanges followed. Tom on the' nose, and Slash or on the top of the nut. More, dancing; hy Sayers 'and' exhausting efforts Vin thia'part'iif the' Slasher, nnd then ns the-.SIaahei'iramo.Tom'caugbt him a 'severe straightener "on the snnff-box, drawing lots pf claret. ' Tho Slasher; savage, stood tri consider, and then rushing in, delivered a little one on tho side of Tom's, nnt with his right, nnd Tom foll. Time, 52 minnies. 4-Tho Slasher came up grinning, bat he was evi- dently.somewhat fatigued by his exertions. He never- theless, adhered to'his practice of forcing . the fighting, again dashed ot Tom. nnd contrived tn plant a little ono' on\he body with his right, hut it was not within punish-' ing'distance.? Sliuht exchanges followed on;the sido of thc wig block,-after which, the Slasher stopped .Tom's left. Heavy counter hits next succeeded in , favor, of Sayers, who got homo on the Slasher's potato trap, and. napped a-little one. on tho nob After another- dance round the ring, T"m stopped.tho Slasher's right, .and tho latter then drove him into n corner-, and evidently think- ing he had- him safe, wound himself up to finish, but. when he let golds left and right, ho found that Tom had slipt under his arm, and was laughing nf him in j the "middle of the ring. Thc Slasher, irate that his I opponent would not stand.tn be hit, again lumbered after ¡ him. like on elepbnnt in pumps, hut it was no go. "No 1 catchce no havee" was Tom's maxim, and be kept to hisj ' active. tactics. . Tho .Slasher persevered, and S.-iyera1 ¡ stopped his left and.right,and then turned awny laughing: ¡and shaking Iiis noddle Perry could not make it out, and turned tn his second OB if to inquire what ho should: ! do. Atlast ho went nt it again and got home on tho body, receiving ia return on tho kisser. Some, sparring followed, until tho Tipton again led.off, and was short with both hands. Finding he could do nothing, he retired to his corner, whore he stood leaning on the ropes, Tom waiting and beckoning him .to the scratch. . After a rest the Slasher cama out. feinted at Tom, but was qirckly hailed on the left chook. He tried again, and got home heavily on tho ribs, and Sayers fell. (.Time, 1 nour and 4 minutes'] ' 5-Perry, still adhered to his boring- tnoMcs. bnt Tom was fnr too, quick on his.pina. and easily, avoided him. Another attempt was stopped, and .from a third Sayers got easily an ny. A fourth was missed, and Tom. returned on the left cheek.' which lcd to heavy exchanges on the side of tho bead, and Tom fell, the Slasher falling over- turn. . .. . . I 6.-The Slasher, came np laughing, «nd let go his left,' j hut out of distance; good exchanges followed, Sayers effecting another lodgment on the right cheek, andin ' creasing tho cnt in that quarter, and the Slasher getting. borne on the cranium. The Slasher, nfier another ill!' ' directed rush, again retired to his corner,- had a drink and { a wipe, and then carno again, and Sayers stopped his . deliveries with tho greatest ease. Tho Slasher perse- vered, and Tom led him another morris-dance, but they t afterwards got. close, and slight exchanges ended in the Slasher fulling' 7- Tho Tipton, nfter some boring, just got on to Tom's ; ; nut. nnd each thon missed n blow. The Slasher perse- vered, and . Tom countered on the left side of his foro , head with his right, after which.Perry retired:to his I corner, whither Sayers followed him, and the Shisher nt1 ' once lunged out at tho cheek, hut not effectually. He. now made another of his wild onslaughts, but only1 to be .disappointed, and he next s'opped both Tom's! mawleys. Some sparring followed, both being slightly; ; blown, and the Slasher then stopped Tom's left, and returned with his right on the body¿ ? A flor a'few moro : misses they got closo, and Tom delivered a heavy spank . on thc left ogle, and fell from tho force of his own blow. [1 hour 15 minutes ] ." '. ' 8- Perry showed n bump under the left peeper, but ; ho came up smiling, and let go bis left and right, both of which were .stopped. , Ile then stood blowing, until ; Sayers went to the attack, and some mutual pretty stop- ping took. place, followed by several .misses .on either sido. The Slasher once more retired to rest in his corner, but was fetched out by "Sayers, who then got home on tho sido of the nob. nnd .neatly nvoided a. return. Both were now rather wild in their /lunges,.and. the Slasher, who pursued his man most vigorously, repeatedly missed bis blows. Toni at length caught, him on tho cutwater, drawing, a fresh (.upply from tho best.bin. .and the Slasher walked off to borrow Jack Macdonald's wipe. Tom ; followed, and got-homo vory heavily on the mark and ' then on the mouth, renewing tho." cataract from that : beautiful cavern. Sharp exchanges in favor pf Sayors ! followed, and in the end both foll. i 9-The Slnslioc carno up slowiy.. Notwithstanding his j severo punishment, his seconds sent .him np beautifully I cleon, and in fact tlieir attention throughout was boyond all praise. Be tried again and again to plant upon the 1 agile Sayers, but in vain. .Sayers, stopped .him at all points, and then delivered a beary Ieft-handor on the : mark. Some sparring followed, and . Sayers, stopped several heavy lunges, the Tipton in retnrn stopping his ? left. Tom,, in another attempt, got on the i^amaced '. cheek, increasing the cut.'arid the Tipton walked to his corner, whither Tom followed' him' bnt on tho "Slasher making" his usual lunge Sayers jumped back. Perry fol- lowed, and some pretty taps and stops* without mischief. ; took' place. Tho.Slasher then hit* out of distance several { times in succession,'but on getting close; some neat ex ' changes" followed, Tom on the mark, heavily,' and Perry on the cheek, brit not effectively. Perry once more.bored in, and delivered bis right, but it was a mere .fly blow. Tom missed his prop with the left; and the Slasher retired fora drink. Tonvthought this an example worth' fol- lowing, and, after tho inner man was ' refreshod, (hoy went to work again, and sharp exchanges, all in favor of Sayers, . followed i ¡ ho kept, playing on tho . Slasher's damaged conk and check, his double hoing very offective, while Perry's blows appeared to leave no mark. Tom now stopped several well intended blows, and', returned heavily on the right .choek with his loft. Perry, although getting.slowor, every minute, gamely 'persevered, put in 1 his right, and left on the: body, and then hit .short with both hands: Moro mutual stopping ensued, until they ' got closo. whon the .Slasher dashed his right nt the body; . but lom met him with a very Btraigbt left-hander.on the , mouth,.drawl.ig moro of tho elixir of life, and with his j right he planted . very .severely lon tho nozzle.:.iAnother : sharp one on the; mouth caused tho Slasher to stagger I and fall, and..Tom fell-over. him.. Tho. Slasher evidently Iwas,fast going), tho. last three blows; particularly tho light-honder, were very heavy, and tho game old fellow was almost abroad, and was very slow to time. 10 und Inst-^Tho- Slasher crawled-very slowly to the scratch, and. attomptod lo' load off« It was, however, only an attempt, Tom easily avoided' it, and planted a tremendous hit on,the mark, stopping ' the rstnrh'with i ase. Ho stopped two more attempts, and , then ns the , Slasher lunged ont a third time, ho caught^hini;with the i left cm tho'damaged chock and .tho, right',' on the mouth, i cutting his, upper lip .very severely, and' the Slasher fell, Tbm'on hirin. ' The Slnsher was'cnri ioil to lils cornor,"and, with sorap difficultly, was got round iq timo to _go to tho ; sc'ratch'for another round. ; IIis dial however, was dread-, ifjnlly piintsho'd,.'and' hts lip was'so niuch cut that'ho pre- sented a piteous niipeafaiice, ' It Waa ovident'that ho bad 1 not the slightest chunco: ho was as weak*às a'kittqn. 'lind entirely .nt the morey.of his adversary, who.was perfectly I Bcathcfèsj rind apparently as, ,a'c(iye, as when ho' be'üáti, ;and Owen' Swift, the' Slasher's prinolpál backer, seeing I tho stnte of things, stepped into tba ring, and with prnlse I worth humanity declared ho should fight no inore, Perry .was unwilling ,to' givo up without one moro shy, but Owen wHs.iihpb'rativo. Ile insisted upon tho mon shaking being proclaimed the winner, arid tho1 Champion bf Eng- land, amid tho chcors nf his partisans, at tue expiration of ooo hour and 42 miuutcs. 