THOUGHTS.—Nature, where she plants a vegetable poison, generally provides an anti- dote; so in the moral world, she causes sym- athies to spring up by the side of antipathies. Outward politeness can be learned in set forms at school, for, atthe best, it will be hollow and deceptive. Genuine politoness, like everything else genuine, comes from the heart.--l)no by one, the objects of our affections depart from us; but our affections remain, and, like vines, stretclh forth their broken wounded tendrils for support.--Ilarsh words are like hbailstona?s, which, if melted, would fertiliso the tender plants they batter doevn.--"Being our own masters" sometimes means that we are to be the slaves of our own follies, caprioes, and passions. Wu~ ' is Ts E NEGRo BLACK ? -Our no. dient superstisious wonderments are quittting ns ole by one, and soon there will beno mysteries of ignorance left us. We caught one ulately gliding out of the door of a laboratory; but we lheld it fast, that we might examine it carefully, and learn of science tihe spell by which it bud laidl at least one of the ghosts which used to go shout the world, and trouble men's minds with fildsehoods and cruelties. For instancre, the negro and his organic difference to the white mon--which was the ghost we caught at the laboratory door--how often have we not heard it gravely argued tlhaut this black blood is the mnrk set on the descendants of Cain, or-o0l another side--the sign of serrvitude bIy whlicl the children of unrighteous Ilam are to be ksown for ever. We remetmber how, in our youthful home, where orthodoxy and respects. blei superstition were strong, any atteunpt to ex. plain tile physiologiical cause of that blackness would have bces scouted as ilnpiety, and a presumptuous prying int55 tile inscrutable wsa of P'rovidescu. Now, however, times a?o changed. Nsothing is Ield to be an unreadable riddle; from the formation of worlds to tlhe laws of lhuman life: anl, in particular, thu iproblem standing as our text, Ihas assumed to itself an Euclid in the person of a Dr. Draper of Now York, wso, in a recent and most elaborate work on human physiology, undertakes to ex plains whly the negro is black, and how Ie be comes so. And these are his steps. Human blood is made up of certain corpuscles called cells, which, amongst many other things, con tain globulin-a substancechemically between cascin and albumen-and lIlmmatin. Now, hsmmatin is red, and containsan infititu'amount of iron. One ofthe mosr important wheels in. our internal machinary is the liver; and a healthy action of the liver is necessary for the healthy action of every other organ and func tion. And one of the duties o1 the liver is to help in removing the old and worn out blood cells, while aiding, at thesame time, in the son struction of new ones; which includes the carrying out from the system, of all excess of hmmatin or iron. A hot cli mate disturbs the normal action of the blood also of the liver. The imperfect oxyget aecompanying great Iseat not only adds to thei darkness of the arterial blood, but also, by the want of energetic respiration which it involves, tends to the over fatness and torpidity of the liver. Bv this inaction of the great cleansing agent, tlhe hmmatin of the bloold-cells accu mulates in the system; and wandering rest lessly about, having no place to go to, and no business there at all, it gradually takes refuge and makes its settlement in tihe lower and sphlericaltcclls of tue cuticle i which it thus bronzes from orange tatwny down to negro black according to the heat of the climate, tite cosn sequent inactivity of the liver, and tule amount of hmmasutia left as rei'ssed in thie system. Whether thlis explanation be true or no we leave tosubtlerphysiologiststodecide. But itstritkes us as noteworthy from its simplicity, and tile air of conlidence with which it demolishes one of the ancient mysteries of igtnorane. TIhe base form of the skull--tecsticrally the prognathous or jaw-protruding-of the negro, isalsoascribed to tlhe sasme cause. The liver aids immensely In the working and development of the brain and tie brain moulds tihe skull-not tie skull tie brain. A man with a diseased or torpid liver never worklts healthfully, or with the full po.rer of Itis mental orgauisatiun. And what is true ofidividuals is true anlso of races. 'llus, the inlsetive liver of hot climates creates a smaller less energetic, less finely organised, ansi toro basely deaveloped brain thln is found in the temsperute liatitudes; passing grad taly fromn tue elliptical skull of tihe Caucasian - thie ideal sman-to thie pyramidal head of the red or cop per-coloured man down to the lowest type of all, the prognathlous, or jaw-protruding skull of tha negro ; as thu lines fall nearer or more dis tant from thie equator. So, by this showing, poor Quashio owes, not only his skit, but hIis skull, to that unsuspected liver of his: not only the brandof Cain atnd tse sign of slavery on his hide, but tite cerebral development and ape likeness whichl ignorance seizes hold of, as the cause and excuse of cruelty. T'File same reason lies at the other side of tite extreme. In very high latitudes, nwhore human life is nothing butr, a liorce struggle with nature, the same copper coloured skill and degeneration of skull are found as under tie palm-trees and in the date groves, where men tnay lie down beneath their shade, and where nature will feed im unforced. Again due to thle same cause. Cold lchecks the action of tlhe liver esqually with heat; and the shitoering Esquimaux owes, to hiis wretched fare and sluggish circulation, his social misery and natural desolateness, the excess of hlmsatin which dyes his skin, and tle pIyramidal skull which nlarks his mental degeneracy: just as the fiery sun and the languid airs of the tropics brand and disgrace the Mongolian and stheNegro. We may be allowed, perhaps to feel a little sceptical astoe tie fact that, upon the state ofa man's liver shall depend in any marked degree the shape of his skull; but in cur common ex perience there is enough to dispose us to a little faith in the theory whlich connects the liver of the negro or the Indian with his skin. The black hair and dark skin belonging to what is the bilious or thu melancholic temperament naturally occur to our minds. Only it is to be understood that, to attribute to the natives of tropical or arctic climates skins coloured through any disorderof the liver, would be as great a mistake as any man could make in reasoning in nature. It would be to suppose that man was created only for life in the temperate zone, and that in the distribution of races there was no divine design, no divine wisdom.-Household Words. TuE LAST FREAK RN fONNETS.-Livo and learn, MIrs. Grandy, read the Foller fashion paper; you will alvays find something new in it-somnething to astonish you, as this extract from fashions for May perhaps will:-"Bon nets are still worn very open, thrown back at thle cheeks, and pointed in front. The Curtain deep; put on it large plaits, arranged in such a manner as not to fall over tite shoulders, nor to stand out t, stiffly in the middle of the buck." What next, mna'amn ?-and noxt ? as Mr. Cobden said. BIonnets with curtains I- window blinds willperhaps fillos, and then probably will coma shutters--or shall we say bed-pojts and blankets ? The curtains must be veils, ma'sm, must they not ?-but then, what business have they to stick out at all in the middle of the back ? Curtains, indeed ? To be sure they are sufficiently called for by the pre sent bare-facedtl fashion of buonus. Illgosy tighty. Oh, for the good old times of the good old coaal-scuttle I A DtEAaz STonr.-Onn night, in London, he had a dream in which he imagined that sonme one shlook hin by the arm, and urgently be sought him to proceed forthwith to a certain house where his help was wanted. HIe woke up, though it was only a dream, and fell asleep again. 'Tho same impression came over him a second time. Feeling disturbed, he turned himself, and again fell asleep. Now a still morn powerful shaking took place, and a third time ho was importuned to comply with the re quest, or it would be too late. Greatly alarmed, he arose, dressed himself quickly, and, in the darkness of the night, lanthorn in hand, hastened to thastreet which had been distinctly indicated anid rang the bell of the house pointed out to him in his dream. The door was opened, and, at the inquiry of Hutton, he was told that an old man lived in one of the upper rooms, who was probably the person he sought. Hutton with some trouble ascended, opened the door. and saw a very aged man reading by lamplight in the prophet Isaiah. He had a razor in his right hand, with which he was about to destroy himself. "In the name of Christ Jesus—hold." Saying this, Itutton sprang forward, seiaed the arm, and wrenched the murderous weapon from. the hand of the victim of despair. He then proclaimed to him who had lost all hope of salvation, tlat for him as well as for himself, the most deserving of wrath, the Son of Gtd had died on the cross. The poor old man was saved : and, amidst a flood of tears, he thanked the Lord, who at the cli ical moment had senat ihe angel ofpacoC.-.Afesoirs of 'Joa. 'Uta fIlue Moruvanj 