CHINA. We (Age ) have files of the Friend of Ohina dated the 30th of January, bringing only one day's later news from the Celestial Empire." collision with the chinese. The following is the only paragraph of mili- tary news The United States steam frigate San Ja cinto steamed out to Linting on Thursday, for the purpose of ascertaining the character of a fleet of Chinese vessels seen there by the steamer Lilly on an exhibitory trip the day be fore. On getting within four hundred yards of them, a boat came off with two blue silk gowned and yellow turbaned gentlemen, who presented their cards and professed themselves to be of ficers of the Rebel forces. Seeing no reason to doubt this, Commodore Armstrongput about and returned to Macao. Mr. Caldwell, we are told, could have sent men with Commodore Armstrong, had he waited a little, who would have sworn to certain piratical acts of the squa dron in question — as no doubt Mr. Caldwell could have done. But whilst these gentry do not interfere with the trade of the port, we do not see why we should constitute ourselves a coast guard for the Emperor of China — taking prisoners one day and releasing them the next. The British Retreating. — Since the despatch of the clipper steamer Lancefield on the 21st. instant, the only military movement of impor tance has been the abandonment of Canton and the Dutch Folly, the highest position in the river now held by the squadron being Teeto- tora Fort, in the Macao passage, about two miles below the factory ruins. Naturally, after having contended against such odds — a thou sand to a million — so long, the retirement from the position has given rise to expressions of re gret. But no one can denythe prudence— the necessity — of the step, for in a short time the river will be so thick, often during the whole day, with fog, that it would be impossible to keep up the chaiu of communication with such scanty means. The excitement consequent on the great event of the month — the poisonings — is abat ing) though nothing is being done by Govern ment to assure confidence against a similar or worse catastrophe. The inability of Sir John Bowring to hold a colonial government was never so evident as at present, and on the oc casion of the riot, whilst H. E. was in Canton the other day, the lieutenant, his locum tenens, gave such clear proof of climatic debility, that in the event of a crisis, the most serious conse quences have to be apprehended, i "The deportation of some hundred and thirty larceners under sentence of imprisonment, be cause we were afraid to keep them in the gaol, is the most extraordinary imbecile act ever per formed by the governor of a British colony. Why, the very guard taken from our small garrison at such a juncture, to take care of them on the way to their destination, could keep treble such a posse in check here if pro perly ordered. The Moral Effect of the Resolute Affair. — The. reader will find a large portion of our space "occupiecmy trie details of"titereceptronof the" Resolute officers in England; It is. doubtful whether any foreigners,; whether of kingly. or any. other rank, have ever been so magnificently entertained or so gracefully complimented by the Government of England as these country men of ours. ' From the Queen to the people of -Portsmouth every one has vied with his neighbor in trying to show how highly he could testify his gratitude and respect for this coun try. Nothing has been omitted that the heartiest good feeling or the most cultivated good taste could suggest. With all their quar rels, England and the United States are friends at heart.. Small-minded people in both nations make it their business to nurse petty spites; but the large- hearted people of both countries are. friends, allies, and brothers. And this is no political alliance. Though the; Government of: England is more like our own, as being freer than any other in Europe, yet the govern ing class is by- no means' drawn towards the United States. The alliance is purely a popu lar one, rather in contravention of than in obe dience to the sentiment" of political leaders. When England allies herself with France, her people know very well that it is but a tempo rary make-shift, apolitical expedient; they ex plain, they try to excuse it by saying that .the French are at bottom an improving people, and that their present ruler, the Emperor,-meaas very well and is remarkably honest. But at the very time they are saying this, their hearts are full of distrust ; they do not believe in, the French alliance, or in any other, unless it be with the United States. Nor is the sentiment confined to England. The continental nations of Europe are as disbelieving as the English of a permanent Anglo-French alliance. But even Russia looks with distrust upon an alienation between this country and England, and natut rally expects them some day to rush together, like the fragments of a split tree, and squeeze quarrel -makers fearfully in their gripe. All Europe — all the world knows that if England and the United States were allied and cordial friends, they could whip the world. The des pots of Europe do not like this affair of the Resolute. — New York Herald. A Silent Couple. — In a town in Orange county, in the State of New York, there are now living a man and his wife who have not spoken for eight years. They often go to work together, sleep in one bed, take their meals at the same table, and show not the slightest anger to each other. The only reason to be assigned for their obstinate and protracted silence is that each is too proud to speak first. —Albion Journal. Recovery of the Body of James Belliss. — The mysterious disappearance of this man is one of those circumstances that have for the last two months occupied and distressed the public, mind. Not only his personal friends, but even the Government authorities, have promulgated rewards connected with the discovery of the b >dy. Yesterday's inquest solved the pro blem ; a careful and minute investigation took place, and the result is known. The evidence of Dr. Wilson is conclusive, and taking into consideration that produced by the other wit nesses, we have been led to the opinion solely derived from a verbatim report now before us, viz., that the unfortunate man came by his death under circumstances purely accidental. Mr. Superintendent Bookey, an excellent draughtsman, had done all that skill could suggest to ascertain the truth. He exhibited -to the jury a draught of the place, and the'sur- rounding circumstances under which the body of deceased" was found. . The men who found the remains, were subjected to a cross-exaraip. nation at the hands of Mr. English, the fore- r man .of the jury; and the result was " that the remains of an individual had been, presented " to their notice, and the jury, after deliberate . consideration; came.to the conclusion that he had died from natural causes, resulting from accident."— -Kyneton Paper. New Quartz Reef. — We were waited upon yesterday morning by a gentleman, who showed us a specimen containing gold of the finest ' quality, taken from a reef found on his jown property, about two miles from Kyneton. We are not warranted at present in making fur- ther disclosures, but we hope shortly to furnish ; , our readers with every particular relating to a subiect of such vital imoortance to the interests of Kyneton.— -Ibid. - ; , ; The German Settlement , at Mount Rouse.— We have been requested to give publicity to the, fact, that the German settlers at Mount Rouse i have, thanks to their personal exertions, aided by their energetic parson, the Rev. J. F. Krom- - now, and without any assistance from the Co- loitial Government, completed the erection of a ; very substantial stone church. The cost of the ; building, we are informed, has been nearly £1800. It is called Hern Huth, and is situated ou the« land purchased by these people, about- - three miles from Pehshurst. The church is 60 feet long by 27 feet in width, and the roof is - - 40 feet from .the floor. It will be interesting to some of our readers to know that such progress has been made by Mr. Krumnowand his flock. From the remoteness of the place, and the dif- ) ference of language, few persons would be in- ; formed at all upon the subject. Owing to the ' poverty of the people at home, and the want of all aid from Government, the number of this single German colony, which has always fluc tuated agreat deal, is at present unusually low, not more than 40 souls. In Hamilton and its . neighborhood there are probably 400 more of. : the same class. Reinforcements, sometimes arrive from South Australia, but . these fre quently draw off to the various gold fields in the hope of bettering their fortunes. At Mount Rouse a very fair quantity of grain has been raised (his season ; and the people, proverbi ally sober and industrious, are prospering as they deserve to do. 'We should not be sorry to see a large increase of our Helvetian friends, and should certainly prefer it to the inroad of the Celestials. — Belfast Gazette. ' The Spectre Fire Ship. — Many, many years ago a ship called the Palatine sailed from Holland, with a large number of Dutch pas sengers, bound to a new home in North America. Soon after leaving port, it became generally known that many of the passengers were wealthy, and had a large amount of gold > and silver in their possession. Three weeks elapsed, when the ' captain and his crew - con ceived the idea of enriching themselves by plundering and murdering the inoffensive and ; unsuspicious persons in their power. They first reported their provisions spoilt, but managed to sell hard biscuits for a guinea each. 1 This proeess was at length suspended, and then disease and famine had full sway. The winds were favorable, all were not yet dead, and lo ! the ship was floating oft Block Island. : The. few passengers who still survived might ..- still live to tell their tale of woe, and so the ship must be destroyed, with all her living freight. The captain and his crew piled their ili-gotten wealth in their two yawls, and having scuttled and set fire to the ship, they ' embarked for the neighboring island, where they landed, just as the great mass of flame sank hissing into the deep. The pirates told the islanders a plausible story, and' for many months they lived in a house which is still pointed out to the curious stranger— but is a mere ruin. The pirates quarreled, separated, and left for parts unknown. For many years thereafter, the house was deserted by all persons of flesh and blood, but thickly peopled with ghosts —with pale women in white, old men " reduced to skeletons, and children with bloody- faces, and whenever they made their appearance at the witching time of night, there were heard the most frightful cries of anguish. In proeess of time, however, the spectres all disappeared ; but of late years, whenever a great storm is about to lash the ocean into fury, the Fire Ship is distinctly seen in the offing; her hull a mass of cinders, and her sails, sheets of pure flame. Many old men have looked upon this phantom many times, and some of them allege .that they have seen the sufferers imploring heaven . for succour, and heard their shrieks of despair. — Lanmans AdventuresUnited States ,- Never Repress your Tears. — A lengthy disser tation has recently been published by a physician of France,' on the beneficial influence of groaning' and crying on the nervous system. He contends - _ that groaning and crying are the two grand oper- ations by which nature allays anguish — that he has uniiormly observed that those patients who give way to their natural- feelings more speedily recover from accidents and operations than those who suppose that it is unworthy a man to betray such symptoms of cowardice as either to groan or cry. He is always pleased by the crying and vio- . lent roaring of a patient during the time he is un dergoing a violent surgical operation, because he is satisfied that he will thereby soothe his nervous system so as to prevent fever, and ensure a fa vourable termination. He relates the case of a man who, by crying and bawling, reduced his pulse from 126 to 60, in the coarse of two hours. That some patients often have great satisfaction in groaning, and that hysterical patients exper ience great relief from crying, are facts which no person will deny. As to restless and hypochon driacal subjects, or those who are never happy bnt when, they are under some course of medical or dietetic treatment, the French surgeon assures them that they cannot do better than to groan all day and cry all night. Wages in England. — The Daily News observes : — "In commenting on the statement recently made at public meetings, that the wages of agricultural labourers in many English counties are eight or nine shillings a week, we spoke interrogatively fearing to exaggerate' the evil, and knowing how difficult it is to obtain reliable information in re gard to agricultural wages. In consequence of our remarks a good many facts have been supplied to us, which leave no doubt whatever as to the remarkable, almost barbaric difference which exists in the condition of farm labourers indifferent parts of the kingdom. It appears that, in the - great 'agricultural counties of Hereford, Worcester, and Gloucester, wages have reached nine shillings (carters having ten) only because flour was 13s a bushel ; and' that the fall of flour to 9s: per bushel is the signal for reducing wages to 7s; or even 6s. It 'appears that there, as in many parts of the eastern counties, wages are not determined by the quality of the labour, nor even by the demand for it, but by the price of provisions, and the numbers in- a family. Their fathers made a jumble of wages and poor- rates, gave parish relief on principles which encouraged idleness, bastardy, and drunk enness, and paid wages out of tho rates. The sons now raise and lower wages according to tho price of flour, giving enough for the purchase of flour and nothing else, paying the good and bad work ers alike, falling back ou the Union as a sort of a partner in the care of the labouring class, and throwing the chief burden of the parish poverty on the small shopkeepers.", 