CITY COUNCIL. The Right Worshipful the Mayor took his seat at three o'clock. I confirmation of minutes. I The Town Clerk read the minutes of the previous meeting, which were thereupon confirmed. reports Alderman Oatley presented two reports from the Water Committee, recommending the supply of water to Towns' Wharf; also a supply of water to a firm in Woolloomooloo. Received, patent of accounts. Alderman Smithers presented a report from the Finance Committee, recommending the payment of sundry accounts. Received. Alderman Oatley presented a report from the Improv ment Committee, recommending certain repairs for Liverpool and Elizabeth streets. Received. petitions. Alderman Hogan presented a petition from Alfred Ward, with reference to the encroachments in Cumberland-street. Received, and referred to the Improvement Committee. correspondence. A letter was read from S. C. Homersham, the agent of the Corporation, advising the Council of one ship- ment of fire-bricks ordered for the formation of the water reservoir at Surry Hills. A letter was read from Mr. Elyard with reference to an application from the Council for a grant of land for a site of a town hall, and also with reference to ground at the Fig Tree for the erection of public baths; in which it was stated that the applications in question had been referred to the Minister of Lands and Public Works, and as soon as information was given on the subject further communication would be forwarded to the Council. I QUESTIONS. Alderman Northwood put the following question to the Mayor :-" Understanding that the prolongation of Castlereagh-street, from Hunter-street to the Circular Quay, was proclaimed on the 18th April, 1845, I wish to be informed how it is that there is now erecting, in the centre of that prolongation, very large stores, and by whose sanction such stores are now being erected ?'' The Mayor replied that he was unable to answer the question, in consequence of the absence during the day, on duty, of the City Surveyor. Alderman NoRTirwoon asked-" I also wish to be informed if Castlereagh-street and Macquarie-place have been assigned in accordance with the Acts of Council 5 William IV., No. 20, and 6 William IV., No. 9. The Mayor replied, from the cause before stated, he was unable to answer the question. Alderman Murray asked the Mayor whether he (the Mayor) had had any communication with the Government with reference to the issue of the new Commission of the Peace, and if not, whether he thought it was any part of his (his Worship's) duty to put himself in communication with the Government in reference to the matter The Mayor replied that he had not been consulted by the Government with reference to the issue of the new Commission of the Peace, nor had he conceived it his duty to bring under the notice of the Government specially the body of Aldermen of the City with regard to the subject matter of the question. He might say that he was aware that two members of their body had been appointed to the Commission of the Peace, under the new commission, but he could assure the Council that he was in no way consulted in the matter, and only became aware of the fact through the same source that was open to themselves, namely, the public Press. Alderman Smithers asked whether it was not the practice of previous Mayors of the city to inform the Government of the gentlemen that might be appointed to the honourable position of aldermen. The Mayor replied that it was the practice heretofore to advise the Government of the election of aldermen. That practice he had himself pursued, and had presented the present body of aldermen to the Government, as the aldermen composing the municipal body of the city of Sydney. Alderman Smithers asked whether any, and if any, what steps were taken to abate the abominable and dangerous nuisance of which he had some time ago complained, as existing in the neighbourhood of Dar- linghurst Gaol, and which nuisance emanated wholly from that public building ? He had previously understood the Mayor to say, that some communication had been made to the Government on the subject, and that Government had promised to see to its abatement. He had lately visited the locality, and found that the nuisance was not abated. There were no less than fifteen houses in the neighbourhood that were untenanted in consequence of that nuisance. He also knew as a fact that in Belgrave-terrace, adjoining the gaol, three children were lying dangerously ill, and their sickness was truly attributed to the nuisance of which he complained. The Mayor replied that he was cuuimumuaieu with the Government on the subject, and, in answer, he was informed that directions had been given to the proper officer to attend to the abatement of the nuisance referred to. He would, however, in obedience to the request of the Council, again put himself in communication with the Government on the subject. Alderman Raper asked whether any contract had been entered into for the supply of bluemetal The Mayor replied that the tender of Mr. Lamont, for the supply of 500 tons of blue metal a month, at the rate of 6s. 6d. a ton, had been accepted, in pursuance with a resolution of the Council. adoption of report. Alderman Williams moved,-" That the report of the Finance Committee, received this day, recommend- ing the payment of sundry accounts, be adopted." Alderman Oatley seconded the motion, which was put and passed. election of clerk of works. Alderman Oatley moved,-" That this Council do now proceed to elect a Clerk of Works by ballot." Alderman Williams seconded the motion. Alderman Golden moved as an amendment, " That the various candidates be subjected to the examination of a select committee of the Council, and that such committee consist of Aldermen Murphy, Sutherland, Roberts, Oatley, and Golden." Alderman Oatley seconded the amendment. . Mr. Bell, city engineer, was called in and questioned as to the capabilities of the candidates. In answer to a question of Alderman Golden, Mr. Bell replied that he had not particulary examined any of the candidates ; he had not yet seen all the candidates. He did not wish to recommend any one in particular till he had seen and examined all. The original motion was carried. The applications of the various candidates were opened and read by the Town Clerk. Aldermen Hill and Roberts were appointed scrutineers, who reported the result of the election in favour of Elliott Snow, as Clerk of Works under the Municipal Council, at £280 per annum. The appointment was confirmed by a resolution. formation of York-street. Alderman Northwood moved,- " That the City Engineer be instructed to make out estimates, plans, and specification for forming and making that part of York- street, in Wynyard-square, from Barrack-street to Petty's Hotel, in accordance with the intent and meaning of the Government, the Government having granted £1457 for the same purpose." Alderman Raper seconded the motion, which was put and carried. repairs in Clarence-street. Alderman Northwood moved,- " That the City Engineer be instructed to prepare a plan, specification, and estimate for cutting across and lowering that port of Clarence-street in a line with Erskine-street, and to form and thoroughly repair Erskine-street." Alderman Smithers seconded the motion. Aldermen Golden, Roberts, and Hill opposed the motion. Aldermen Murphy and Rates supported it. Alderman Oatley moved, as an amendment, " that the subject-matter of the motion be referred to the Improvement Committee for consideration and report." Alderman Roberts seconded the amendment, which was put and carried. surface drainage in Bathurst-street. Alderman Neale moved,-" That the City Engineer be instructed to prepare a specification and estimate for the repair of the surface drainage in Bathurst street West, at its intersection with Sussex, street, and that the same be referred to the Improvement Committee for their consideration and report." Alderman Raper seconded the motion. Alderman Sutherland moved, as an amendment, that the word "formation" be substituted for re- pair." Alderman Oatley seconded the amendment, which was put and carried. SALE OF BRICKS BY AUCTION. Alderman Smithers moved-"That this Council instruct the Right Worshipful the Mayor to dispose of by public auction, the clamp of bricks laying on Riley street, near the site of the intended Reservoir (the same being the property of this Council) and the pro- ' ceeds to be placed to the credit of the City Funds. The bricks were mouldering away and becoming deteriorated, and were, in fact, unfit for the purpose of being used in building a Reservoir as first intended, or I drainage, and as bricks for that purpose were coming out from England, he hoped that the clamp of bricks referred to would at once be sold. They were also, he might add, getting less and less. Alderman Ryan seconded the motion. Alderman Golden suggested that the bricks, ora portion of them, should be used in erecting drains in those distant localities where most needed. Alderman Oatley thought, before disposing of the bricks, they ought to get a report from the City Engineer as to their adaptability of being used for the purposes of sewerage. Alderman Raper was in favour of the view taken by the former speaker. Alderman Smithers had consulted the City Engineer on the subject, and from that officer he learned that the bricks were unfit for use in sewers, and that good bricks would he got nearly as cheap as the price the bricks in question would fetch if sold. The motion was put and carried. proclamation of woolloomooloo road Alderman Hill moved,-" That an application be made to the Government for the proclamation of that portion of the Woolloomooloo Road between William and Liverpool streets, as prayed for by the petition received by the Council on the 6th instant, from fifty- one inhabitants and freeholders of Fitz Roy Ward." Alderman Smithers seconded the motion. Alderman Northwood moved, as an amendment, that -V The road proposed to be proclaimed be continued to the South Head Road." Alderman Murphy seconded the amendment, which was put and carried. retaining wall in Kent-street. Alderman Roberts moved,-" That the Report of the Improvement Committee, received on the 6th instant, recommending that the retaining wall in North Kent-street be re-built, be adopted." Alderman Sutherland seconded the motion, which was put and carried. LIGHTING MACLEAY-STREET. Alderman Raper moved " The inhabitants of Macleay-street complain of the anxiety and danger they are in coming and going from their houses after nightfall, in consequence of having no gas-light in their neighbourhood ; they hope the Council will see the propriety of sending a recommendation to the Lighting Committee to have the want remedied as soon as possible," Alderman Sutherland seconded the motion, which was put and passed. REPAIRS OF HARRIS AND GEORGE-STREET. Alderman Raper moved " The thoroughfare leading between Hawks and George streets being in an impassable state, the rate-payers of this locality beg to call the attention of the Improvement Committee to it, in hopes there will be something done that will make them feel they live in the city, and are _ not entirely neglected. The only visit they ever received from any portion of the Municipal body was, having notice of their rates being due." Alderman Northwood seconded the motion. Alderman Golden opposed the motion as a direct attempt to contravene the provisions of the Act-the streets or roads in question was never proclaimed, and in fact it was made through private ground, was private property, and beyond the control of that body. Alderman Sutherland spoke of the very dilapi- dated and very filthy state of the road in question. Something ought to be done in the matter, but he thought, at the same time, the Council could not interfere in the way proposed. Alderman Hill had no objection to let the matter go to the Improvement Committee, but he thought that that body could do nothing. The Council had no right to interfere with private property in the manner proposed. The amendment was put and carried. LICENSED PRAYS. Alderman Raper moved " That the Right Worshipful the Mayor to inform this Council the number of licensed drays entered on the books, and what number of defaulters there are, if any, for the year 1857, and whose duty it is to look after the same." Alderman Smithers seconded the motion, and recommended that the drays be numbered in the same way as cabs and 'buses. The motion was put and carried. nTDE PARK. Alderman O'Dowd moved "That as it is considered desirable by this Council that the control and management of the Hyde Park grounds should be vested in them for the benefit of the citizens, and as this Council is willing to undertake the proper expenditure of the sum annually voted by the Legislature for the maintenance of the Park, it be an instruction to the Right Worshipful the Mayor to place himself in communication with the Government, with a view to a grant of the said lands being issued in favour of the Municipal Council." He did not expect any opposition to the motion, as all must be of opinion that the ground in question ought to be given over to their control-an opinion he believed that his Excellency the Governor General concurred in Alderman Roberts seconded the motion. He said it was the bounden duty of that body to provide ground .fnr.tljQ recreation of the ,eiti*»noi,«»1.'i,»- ted theirnghts in that respect. He was that day informed that any application to the Government from the Council with reference to the motion would be favourably received. The motion was a highly credit- able one, and ought to receive the sanction of the Council. Alderman Raper supported the motion. Alderman Oatley thought the Council had enough of work in their hands without adding anything thereto. The trustees of Hyde Park were performing their duty with respect to the improvement of the ground as a place of public recrea- tion, and he could not therefore see why they should desire to take it out of their hands while they themselves had so much city work to do. He was convinced that if the control of the ground was given over to them, the Government would at once withdraw the annual grant or endowment, and leave them only an expensive work on their hands. a Alderman Hill opposed the motion. Alderman Northwood, on the principle of taking all he could get, would support the motion. If the ground was given over to their control they ought to accept it, and if the annual sum was withdrawn they would not have it to expend. Alderman Sutherland supported the motion. Alderman Golden opposed the motion. At the present time he thought it better to leave the ground in the hands of the trustees, who were improving it in a very excellent manner, and they ought to let well enough alone. The motion was then put and carried by a majority of 6 to 5. LAMP IN Macquarie-street SOUTH. Alderman Oatley, in the absence of Alderman Williams, moved " That the petition, received by the Council on the 6th instant, praying for the erection of a lamp in Macquarie-street South, be referred to the Lighting Committee for their consideration and report." Alderman Hill seconded the motion, which was put and passed. REPAIRS IN BANK AND MIDDLE STREETS. Alderman Sutherland moved " That the petition received by the Council on the 6th instant, praying for some repairs in Bank and Middle streets, Chippendale, be referred to the Improvement Committee for their consideration and report. Alderman Neale seconded the motion, which was put and carried. This concluded the business on the paper, and the Council separated-the Mayor having first intimated his intention of not calling them together on Monday next. Town Hall Improvements. The large room in which the Municipal Council assemble weekly for the dispatch of their corporate duties presented yesterday a greatly improved appearance to that which it could previously boast of. The change was seen in the new seats provided for the Mayor and his worthy civic associates, and the altered arrangement consequent thereon. Formerly the Mayor occupied a seat behind a high desk, where the little of him that was to be seen by the most observant left it sometimes a matter of doubt to the uninitiated who, or where, was the presiding genius of the august body then and there assembled, though like Banquo's ghost, he was ever present on the " place reserved, to the optics of Alderman Hill, who sometimes looked round upon his colleagues as if he would ask, who placed him there?" His Worship now looks high and dry, seated in a splendid carved cedar chair, placed on a dais ; while the assembled municipal so long, all of one degree, recline easily on two long sofas-each 18 feet, whose ends towards the street are rounded, and so form a sort of magic circle, quite imposing looking. To Mr. Artlett, upholsterer, Woolloomooloo, handiwork belongs a great deal if the impressment of the scene, and it is not his fault if the continual murders of the Queen's English, there perpetrated, lessen the respect which otherwise such an assemblage is calculated to inspire. Hamlets Electoral Lists. Several persons have made written application for the insertion of their names in the Sydney Hamlets Electoral List, but have not furnished the Clerk of Petty Sessions with their Christian names. These being necessary, those concerned will do well to remedy the defect on or before the 15th, Wednesday next. 