ANIMALtM_ÖNETISM. THE 'followings the lecture delivered by Mr. J. M. fTligrhpsoii,' solicitor, -on the above subject, in the School of Arts Sydney on Tuesday evening last. Dr. Woolley, in his admirable opening lecture this season, appealed to the members of the institution, more particularly those who had derived any advantages from, it, to" throw aside indolence or like modesty, and join with the committee in furnishing a course of lectures. I felt the force of Dr. Woolley's remarks. I felt that every one should contribute his mite towards the general fund of amusement and instruction, and I determined to make an effort and although I shall not perhaps delight you with the eloquence or learning displayed by others, I hope that the interest of my subject may supply my own deficiencies ; but if I have overrated my powers and those of my subject as well, I know I shall have the consideration at your hands which you always show to those who aspire to your favour. 1 Animal magnetism, not only on account of the startling nature of the facts of which it treats and the sublime views which it opens up, but on account of its importance in a utilitarian point of view, has always had peculiar attraction for me. I have read every work I could get, and I have thought a great deal on the subject, and I have had the opportunity of experimenting a little. To illustrate the importance of the subject to my mind I may state that I have arrived at the conclusion that, in everyday life, we each of us are more or less under the influence of animal magnetism. The influence of mind on mind by means of mesmerism (unconsciously exercised) is in constant action. It is this which accounts for antipathies and takings between different people. Some persons we instinctively dis- like without reason ; the presence of others is agree- able from no apparent cause. One man in a company will cause depression in the whole, though he may not speak more than an ordinary word or two. Some men will almost compel you to act by their mere expressed volition and these are they who are good salesmen, powerful speakers, and great leaders. How otherwise can we account for the sensation created by such a man as Spurgeon apparently without much eloquence or good delivery, he collects thousands to hear him preach ? You may depend upon it that Spurgeon is a powerful mesmerised. I remember meeting with a work in which the success of Mahomet is attributed to his mesmeric powers. The writer says that having a superfluity of mesmeric power Mahomet first impregnated his family, and those around him with it, who communicated the influence to every one they met, and thus the circle got larger and larger until he arrived at the summit of his power. ' Animal magnetism again affects our sanitary state. I > may here mention the known power of the rays of the moon on organic substances (for instance fish), and on the human mind, which is accounted for by the fact that the rays of the moon contain mesmeric fluid of a peculiar nature. Most of you are not, perhaps, aware that it is satisfactorily ascertained that the position of the human body with reference to the magnetic meridian is highly important with regard to health Some sensitive persons feel this so much that they cannot sit in a position across the magnetic meridian without feelings of Back ness, and in some cases fainting; and by the way, may not the frequency of fainting in churches be partly thus accounted for-the congregation all But east and west. I need not detain you very long by giving you an account of the history of the science of animal magnetism, or Mesmerism The facts of which it treats, (however much they may have been neglected) must, as such have always ' existed. Hence, it creates no surprise when it is asserted that in the ancient world this science was practised, by the Egyptian priests and the illuminant of different people, and there can be little doubt that the ancient oracles were worked (to use a slang term by means of clairvoyance, a mesmeric state which I shall afterwards mention. At some distant period the knowledge of these things seems to have died out (very probably those acquainted with the facts were bound to secrecy), and thus it is that until a centuryortwoagothe phenomena seemed not to have been observed or connected with nature, but the extraordinary manifestations of clairvoyance spontaneously securing, as it often does, the visions of the so-called magic chrystal, the magic mirror and so forth seem to have been classed with supernatural things. Mesmerism than had to be re discovered. You will find a full, though prejudiced, account of this in the article Animal Magnetism, in,: the, " Encyclopedia Britannica," and I need not go further into it, except to observe that, of the men who observed the effects of animal magnetism in the 17th century, Mesmer - appears to have been that one who discovered that the human body possesses the influence, whatever it is, as well as crystals and magnets to which his predecessor seems to have confined their observations. It is much to be regretted that Mesmer was not one of those high-minded men, whom we sometimes meet with who are willing to sacrifice their own to the public good, and that his conduct was such as to give a handle to the conservative in science ( if I may call them so to traduce him and his supposed discovery, i i ' If Mesmer had been one of these, high-minded men, it is probable that the persecutions which followed him, and which somehow always do follow those who bring fresh lights into the world, would not have been so successful as they have been to smother that light and we have here some explanation why matters so important as those I ' now address you upon, should have so long been regarded as unworthy of serious investigation, and that they are only lately being properly investigated by men, of science. It would seem almost unnecessary for me to go into the question of whether what I am talking about is worthy of consideration as a science or not, and I can only say that if you establish that our so-called. facts are so they cannot but be fitted for the subject of science. What is science but the accumulation of facts r By means of facts accumulated one by one man is reducing within the domain of knowledge all the most secret laws of the universe, and our progress in this respectfully considered has led me, and must lead every one, to the conclusion that all nature is go;, verned by law there is no such thing as accident ;-' and that there are none of those laws which we may not hope Borne day to discover.) We have even arrived at the law of storms. The very weather, the impersonAtion, as it were, of uncertainty is made a matter of calculation. How would a man have been treated a century or two ago, who ventured to say that if placed in a storm he' could tell the course of its progress and the place of its greatest violence. Yet most masters of vessels do this now. Mismcrists are in the position of the mariners of former days ; the facts of mesmerism represent the storm at sea. They have yet to arrive at the law which regulates the whirlwind around them. Our ancestors saw in the thunderstorm the expression of the anger of the gods. We understand its nature, and use its primary cause as a messenger. So ghosts, about which our ancestors were in dead, will be proved by mesmerism to belong to a natural order of facts, only curious because they are rare. As to the uncertainty and, as it were, caprice manifested in mesmeric phenomena, and which has formed an objection to its study by men who ought to have known better, I beg to point out that this arises not' be cause they are not real and governed by fixed laws, but because we are in ignorance of the ni cessary conditions of success, and when an unlooked for manifestation, or no manifestation at all, occurs in an experiment we must attribute our want of success rather to something done or omitted, which has caused the apparent contradiction, than to any want of truth in former experi-, mental, or certainty in the laws of the phenomena. I have refrained in this lecture from entering into an answer to many objections commonly made by people who do not believe in mesmerism, but the few remarks I have made seemed the more necessary because of the unfortunate quackery which has surrounded the subject. The discoverer, or rediscovery, of the science, surrounded his experiments with mystery and mummery, which led to that neglect by men of science which I before alluded so, and, unfortunately, among those who have succeeded him there has been no unanimity. Every one who hit upon the phenomena seems to have disregarded the labours of his predecessor, and considered himself the discoverer of a new science. Hence we have no less than five names for it, viz , Animal Magnetism, Mesmerism, Electro-Biology, Electro psychology, Hypnotism, and more lately the phenomena are said to be Odylic. Yet these are undoubtedly one. I must here guard myself from misconception by mentioning the system of Mr. Grace, which he also calls electro-biology, who reduces our whole life-mind'and body-line there system of galvanic batteries ; but as I do not believe in his theories, I shall not detain you with them. I may say, however, that recent researches, I mean those of Reichenbach, seem to have set at rest the question of the mesmeric influence being identical either with electricity or ordinary magnetism, or perhaps I should say, so far as we know, these, they may all be the same thing in different forms or states. The influence, though always accompanying ordinary magnetism, and being present in all electrical action, seems to exist apart from both these, when, in fact, no ordinary magnetism or electric current can, be detected, by the finest instruments for instance, the hand, though a powerful instrument in mesmeric, will not attract the finest iron filings, and will exhibit very slight, if any, electricity. I shall proceed to lay before you the popular theory regarding animal magnetism. You no doubt, know that electricity is a force imponderable, and by Pt appear- ing to have a material existence. Well, mesmerist contend that time is a similar imponderable 01 force (which we may call a fluid for convenience), known as animal magnetism, which has _ lately been named Coyle, and is also called vital fluid, vital electricity and that it is the manifestation of this fluid which we see in mesmerie'expenmf nts. It is point in its distribution like electricity that is there is positive and negative odyle, as well as positive and negative the ctricity. Some of Reichenbach's disco- verses such as the influence of terrestrial magnetism, before adverted to-on men are very interesting and he has a very interesting chapter or two on the aurora, which he attributed to the effects of the magnetism of the earth and he appears to have produced the appearance on a small scale, by means of an artificial magnetism globe-this appearance being visible to sensitive in the dark. His work is, on account of its extreme minuteness and repetition of detail, rather dry to the general reader and this will perhaps excuse this notice of it. The next thing (Reichenbach suggests) which we should seek to discover, is an idyllic battery, in which we could collect the fluid-this was attempted by Mesmer, who invented what was called the mesmeric basket or bucket. It consisted of a mere heterogeneous, mixture of matters exciting a slow chemical action, and ~ ~ was partially successful. Its effect being explained by the fact of odyle being present in large quantities wherever chemical actions exist. r That alone is a something, passing as it were in currents most of you may demonstrate for your own satisfaction by passing the hand or a magnet from the wrist to the point of the middle finger. After three or four passes an aura or wind is perceptible, This is the fluid we now talk about. It has points of concen- tration-in the human body for instance, the hands and eyes. By' means of passes with the hands, gazing and sometimes breathing, we' establish a con- t trol over the dyke It is supposed that this is the messenger of the brain for instance, when I raise my arm, the excitement of the organs of the brain to that intent, sets in motion or secretes, no one can say ' which, the idyllic force which acting upon certain nerves called nerves of motion moves the -various muscles and tendons. Dr. Dodd, an American author in his peculiar view, makes five links to be affected before man can voluntarily touch matter. He says, first there is the highest organization - the ] mind of pure spirit this he says does not affect matter, but can communicate the impulse to the next highest organization, namely, the vital electricity; this affects the nerves which set in action the muscles, which thus communicate with matter. I may mention this view as it is a somewhat curious one, and Dr. Dodd's work is little known. Again, when we see, hear, or feel it is said that the nerves of sensation transmit or affect the body which acts on the brain, producing our sensations. All the phenomena which are exhibited, and some hope to show . you to night, are said to arise from the control over the body of the patient by the operator. I may as well here mention the work of Baron Reichenbach, which is in this institution. He has investigated, and is investigating this subject. One part only of his re- searches are yet published. His experiments - most minute and elaborate, and conducted as they have been in the spirit of a true philosoplur-seems to have de- ,' demonstrated beyond a doubt, the existence of the force we have been talking of which Reichenbach calls odyle. That pervades more or less all nature, including the sun, , moon, and stars, possessing different states or qualities, however, according to the different substances manifesting it. For instance, the dyke from the rays of the sun are agreeable to sensations ; those of the moon disagreeable, and sometimes distressing. Crystals and magnets, and the human body are intensely^odylic, many other substances very slightly so. That to sensitive persons this fluid is visible in the dark as a light, and otherwise perceptible. That by means of the Daguerreotype this light has been found to have an actual existence, that is, it will affect a sensitive plate. It does not therefore exist merely in the imagination of the sensitive. It seems always to co-exist with' electricity and ordinary magnetism in large quantities, but, as I said before, to be quite distinct from these. The lecturer here read an extract from the work of Dr. Gregory, professor of chemistry in the University of, Edinburgh, being a summary of what he considered as the ascertained facts of Animal Magnetism. The phenomena of Mesmerism may be divided in several ways, for instance, into the two classes of those occurring in the conscious state, and those in the " sleep or unconscious state. Again,- we may divide them thus Phenomena of local mesmerism, in which parts of the body are acted on without affecting: ) the mind. < , Those of Mesmerism in the conscious state, in which the faculties and mind are affected, including the phenomena of suggestion-thought-reading. ' Clairvoyance, including ratio-vision, prevision, and retrowsion, and excuses,, of, , 5 h . ?"? me As to the first of these states I need not describe the - phenomena, as I hope to show you a few of this to-night As to the seconds also hope show a few experiments, builcannptbe sure of success. The' higher class of phenomena cannot well be shown in " public, even if I were competent, and therefore I will, of be excused for saying something about them , - 1st Sympathy or thought reading. This is where the mesmerised feels the sensation, and is conscious of the ideas passing, through the mind of the operator. >. This state occurs spontaneously. The Swedish Novelist Zooke is well known to possess the power of thought reading. There is a tuck, with cards, which '"' is performed by the silent, influence of mind on mind. You take a few cards, four or five, and the of trick is to find out what board another person, will choose. You arrive at this by determining, in your own mind, before hand, and willing to yourself what card he will choose-and the experiment succeeds in a majority of ' cases-when the manner of its performance, is made ( known, its success is much less certain than other- < wise. Clairvoyance is the form of perception without the " use of the senses. One view of it is this.' It is said the nerves of sensation carry out impressions to the brain, by which means we hear, see, feel, and taste. The mind by itself, it is i asserted, would perceive all things, if it were not for the cloak of the senses. It would at once comprehend the object to which it was directed. In the clairvoyant state it is said that this cloak of the senses, the restraint which they are on the mind is in the clairvoyant state thrown off, and the mind at once perceived, without regard to distance or time. This is only conjecture as to the cause of clairvoyance, but that it exists is beyond doubt. It would take too much time, and would be little profitable for me to go into much detail about clair- veyance., I will content myself with a few remarks, i In clairvoyance the ordinary consciousness of our every day life seems to be in abeyance-persons waking from the state are totally unconscious of all that has passed in that state ; but in place of this another consciousness is awakened, for though, on awaking, a clairvoyant has no consciousness of what has passed, put him into the state again and he wakes up, as it were, the thread of his new life where he left it, somewhat in the way it occurs in dreams. The phenomena of thought- reading, before described, is often confounded with clairvoyance. , I will explain what I mean. Take it that I am the mesmerised. If I read a paper and present it to my patient, he knows what is in it, either by sympathy with me or thought reading-or by clairvoyance independently of me-or my knowledge, and of his own senses. With preference to the state of stasis which is, when the subject is supposed to have visions of the world of spirits have often thought that the visions were explicable on the supposition of thought-reading-and this view is much strengthened by similarity of the views in different subjects. I account for this similarity thus. The first person who met with an ecstatic subject must have had certain images in his head; this subject (highly sensitive adopted the suggestion as it were, and in his mind the images on the operator's mind, assumed form. There suppose that the form of the first ecstatic vision was a chance ; the next mesmerised who tried to induce the state had no doubt inhisTnind the experiments his predecessor, and looked for like results. This again acted as a suggestion to his subject, and so the same form of vision seems to have been transmitted from mes- meriser to mesmerised, and from these to their subjects. All this is mere conjecture, as indeed must be most that we can say about clairvoyance and excuses. I * cannot, however, at present say I disbelieve in the state of stasis only that it is not satisfactorily proved to my mind. The phenomena of place mesmerism, which is where the patient is made to manifest different passions and so forth, by touching the phrenological organs is, I think, nothing more than this thought-reading. When the operator touches the organ of veneration, the patient kneels in prayer; the operator Would say, perhaps, because he exerted that organ. I should say, because when he touched that organ, he looked for the manifestation of the appro- ( ! paste feeling, and thus acted on the patient. Before leaving this part of my subject, let me point to the immense importance of clairvoyance with reference to the nature of-the mind. It would serve to demonstrate the action of the mind apart from the body altogether. ' ' I wish to call your attention to the great use of mesmerism as a curative agent. You must all have heard of cure by touch ; you can, most of you, cure by touch if you try. A toothache is readily removed in this way, or by a few passes. I have done it often. This is a simple proof of the effect of mesmerism on the nerves. It has been proved, beyond a doubt, that the most trying surgical operations can be performed, in the sleep, without pain to the patient. But the most important power of mesmerism will be in the treatment of nervous disease and insanity. The lecturer concluded by reading from the work of Dr. Gregory, who attributes much so-called madness to spontaneous clairvoyance, and considers that mes- merism should be, therefore, studied by every physician. ' ' > 