WINDSOR. £F&OM; OUR CORRESPONDENT."] TRAVELLING.-We had the misfortune to" be compelled to leave "Windsor, per the afternoon coach, on Tues- day last. As'.we were on the point of -starting, fhe rain commenced, and we had just time to secure the loan of an Umbrella from the worthy coach proprietor, Mr. Ridge, which proved ere long extremely service- able. We bad not got far on the way ere we encoun- tered most appalling difficulties, and the mettle of the poor horsesj Was tried to the utmost-deep ruts and almoBt interminable sloughs ; hills of soft yellow clay, ploughed with tho narrow wheels, and hollows of the veriest mud. Jolt and jostle, violently wo went every now and then; and, as it were, by a special Providence, escaping nhorrible turn over. Wepassud several teams on the road, struggling for existence, ¡ and illustrating, to a verity, the idea of "progress under difficulties." About mid-way, a large load of hay was capsized in tho cen! re of the road, and by the side of ai hill a dray, full of grain, had also upset. Tho unfortunate driver seemed in a terrible plight, scarcely knowing what to do. At several other places: we saw the marks of over- balancing and roadside embraces, while some teams had'attained to a fixity of tenure and an interest in the soil any- thing but desirable. How wo succeeded in gotting 1 just in time for the last train from Parramatta, on Tuesday evening, was surprising, and nothing, but the : most extraordinary efforts on the part of tho driver and poor brutes of horses could have attained it. Then, -when we got to Sydney, how refreshing! what a watery, reception ! The Royal Hotel was nearly flooded, and our bedroom during'the night was tho seat of on inundation. ? Serious thoughts o ertook us, and the question arose, however, should we get home again i We made an effort. Accidentally we went to the half-past four o'clock train instead of, as usual, the last, which carries the mails. Just in time 1 Learnt, with amazement, that the line had been partially Washed away, and that no more trains, , except that one, would'run either up or down. So far so good for us.- Off we set, and with the exercise of some caution on the part of the conductor and engineer, we reached Parramatta. No further, how- ever, could we ge that night. A flood had taken place. No coach had come from Windsor that day. The mail carriage, under the experienced and skilful driver, Harry Martineer, had got into a deep hole at, the foot of Box Hill, and four horses couldn't drag it out again. Two of the horses had broken away, and had not been found, while with one Harry rode on to Schofield's, where he succeeded in getting a gig, and so brought in the morning's mails, arriving in Parra- matta late in the afternoon. In these circumstances how were we to get home, there being no prospect _ of any coaching it ; besides there was every "probability, of a flood at "Windsor. We determined on staying at Parramatta that night, no mails having arrived there from Sydney ; and having by good chance secured a horse on hire from mine host of tho Australian Arms, wo were ready next morning, after an early breakfast, for an equestrian return. . The mail boy accompanied us, for the mails only arrived that morning (Thursday) from Sydney by tho first train, and they.-could only be conveyed on horseback. Having tolerably good steeds we pursued our way, pretty well considering - having, strange to say, found the roads no worse but rather better than two days' previously-the heavy out-pouring of the elements having had tho effect of washing a considerable quantity of tho mud away, particularly off the hills. At Box Hill Hollow we found the mail-coach with another dray, firmly em- bedded in the mud. A team of six horses having como up these were applied to the former, and after a great effort, it was in its empty state drawn out. No attempt, however, could be made to'move the dray. ,It was a clear fixture past the axle-trees, and could only be re- moved by * unloading and digging out. We proceeded with our journey homewards. As we approached M'Grath's Hill, we encoun- tered some carts, the drivers of which gave us the mortifying information that we would not be able to get across the flats between the hill and the creek at the entrance to thc town, without swimming our horses, as the road was flooded. Nothing daunted, however, we pressed on, and sure enough there was an inundation. However, we were assured that it was barely fordable, if we had courage enough to face it. Not liking to be baulked, ofter having striven so far to get home, through it we went, fancying ourselves, no doubt, like a small Meander crossing the Hellespont. The water was of considerable width in two places, and reached in depth nearly over the saddle, leaving us just room to take a kneeling position, like the riders at Astley's Circus. Now we were safely through it, and trotted thankfully and gladly into town, announcing the approach of the mail behind us, and bringing up two of the papers of that morning, being the only two in town. One such journey as this is enough in a life time, and would any person believe it, that a traveller has to undergo such hardships within so short ti distance of Sydney, and with the wealth of this district and the county of Cumberland in exist- ence? Let ÜB hope for a speedy advent of better times. May these "adventures tend somewhat to prove our necessities for railway communication, and if they do, they will sufficiently satisfy the writer for the trouble of their narration-imperfect, he must admit, for all description falls short of the reality. The waters fell a little during the night, but rose again towards morning, and the Hawkesbury is now bank high, with every appearance of a¡ heavy overflow. The flats below M'Grath's Hill, communi- cating with the South Creek, are almost covered with water, and portions of the Cornwallis and Richmond bottoms are also flooded. The Richmond Road below Roberts' Hill, is also under water, and a few boats will have to be used to cross either there or to M'Grath's Hill, on tho Windsor Road. Whilst writing, we cannot omit noticing a commu- nication appearing in last Thursday's issue of thé other " daily," from their' Windsor correspondent, which is so destitute of correctness, and which awards such praise where none is due, that it demands some refutation. It states that " a petition has just been drawn up by Dr. Day, .T.P., M.D., (what a superero- gation of titles !) on behalf of the Windsor Debating Society, asking the Government for a site on which to build a school of art ; it has been numerously signed by all the leading inhabitants of the district." Now, we haye Dr. Day's authority for mentioning that the foregoing statements are entirely without foundation. Dr. Day never drew up any such petition, and we know for a fact that not a single signature, cither by the leading inhabitants or otherwise, has ever been obtained to any document of the kind ¡ and the writer' of the communication in question must have been drawing upon his fertile imagination when he penned so fictitious a paragraph. The fact is, that Dr. Day suggested the idea of petitioning tho Government on the subject, but not in behalf cr the Windsor Debating Society, and requested Mr. Walker, the'solicitor, to draw up a petition accordingly. The petition was then drafted for the purpose of being submitted to a public meeting to be duly called for the occasion but, except the mere draft, the matter has gone no further at present. Of similar authority, is the state- ment in the same communication,. that it will take £60,000 (!) to put the road between Windsor and Sydney into a good and serviceable condition. The worthy author must surely be on intimate terms with Baron Munchausen's ghost. ' June 20th, 1857.. 