REVIEW. Will Russia ever be Catholic.? La Russie Serat elle Catholique. Par Le P. J. Gagarin, de le Compagnie de Jesus. Paris: Charles Dounifil. 1856. Every Catholic must have observed, with feel- ings of no ordinary interest, the indications of religious devotion which were afforded upon seve- ral occasions by the Russian soldiers during the late war. They gave innumerable proofs that, separated though they be from the communion of the Church, the Russian population is by no means devoid of reverence and affection for the Mother of God, as well as of an unbounded con- fidence in her intercession. The Russian soldiers went forth to battle under the protection of the sacred image of Mary ; they carried upon their persons medals, and crucifixes, and other outward signs of Christian faith, and as they lay scattered in wild disorder upon the field of strife, in all the terrible grandeur of a warrior's death, they were distinguishable from the motley crowd of unbe- lieving Turks and Protestants which were strewn around them, by those holy symbols of the Ca- tholic faith in Jesus and in Mary. The corona- tion of the Emperor Alexander afforded us a further insight into the interior of Russian do- mestic piety. It was impossible to withhold ap- probation from the genuine devotion exhibited by the female members of the royal family, while the propriety and decorum manifested by the Emperor himself, the affectionate and friendly character of his bearing towards his poorer sub- jects, the enlightened liberality of his political manifestoes, and the distinguished courtesy of his bearing towards the representative of the Holy See, almost forced one to anticipate in imagination the day, yet distant, when Russia shall be once more united to western Christendom, and admitted to take her just precedence among the most pro- minent Catholic nations of Europe. It is the opinion of M. Gagarin, a native, as we gather, of Russia, and a priest of the society of Jesus, that the time for this reconciliation is rapidly approaching. The union of this great empire with the Catholic Church has formed the subject of his most earnest prayers from child- hood; and in the very interesting pamphlet before us he gives his reasons for believing that union to be neither impossible nor improbable. Accordingto M. Gagarin, the principal prejudice in disposing the Russian religious mind to the idea of a reunion with Rome results from a fear that the terms of union would involve the abandonment of the ancient rite and discipline of the Oriental Church. It is well known that the discipline of the East has, from very ancient times, varied from the Latin Church in four principal points. (1.) The Eastern Ritual is more symbolical, more elaborate, and more ceremonial than the Roman. (2.) It is the Oriental custom to use leavened bread in the celebration of the Mass instead of the unleavened bread, which alone is allowed by the rites of the Western Church. (3.) Men who marry before ordination are not, on that account, excluded from the Sacerdotal office, nor are they required to live separate from their wives after being admitted to the priesthood. And, lastly (4), the Eucharist is administered according to the Greek rite even to infants ; and in some places, with certain restrictions, under both species. These are the chief rites to which the Christians of the East have adhered through many centuries with an inflexible fidelity, and the question is, would Rome require a surrender of these national customs as an indispensable condition of union with her ? M. Gagarin shows (and it is no diffi- cult matter to show) that nothing could be further from the wishes of the Holy See than any such intention. The Popes who have treated of the Eastern question, from Eugenius III. to Benedict XIV, are unanimous in their desire to preserve in its essential integrity the "venerable rite" of the Oriental Church. There is high antiquity and great authority for the elaborate ceremonial of the Eastern communions: and the Popes would, of all persons, be the last to desire any infringement of its magnificent symbolism. They have never attempted to do more than correct the party spirit and national exclusiveness, which has too often led the Greeks to attach an undue im- portance to their own ceremonies. They have interfered when it was necessary, in order to save the dogmas of the Faith; and they have been compelled, by the extravagance of a miserable nationality, to condemn such opinions as that infants could not be saved without receiving the Blessed Euchavist in addition to baptism. But they have never gone beyond what was absolutely requisite in order to guard and defend the Faith. In Rome itself, to the present day, the Greek, and Armenian, and other local rites are publicly observed and practised ; and when Gregory XIII. established colleges in Rome for Greek and Ar- menian students, be made it a condition of his foundations that these ancient rites and customs should be maintained inviolate. So that there is no reason for supposing that the Roman Pontiffs would ever think of making a surrender of this ancient rite and discipline a necessary condition of reconciliation and union. The Russians may be Catholics if they will, and yet preserve all their national customs and ceremonies. The rite of the Greek Church not only respected by the See of Rome, it is authorised and approved; and there is conse- quently no more reason why a Russian Priest should not be in the communion of Rome, and yet say Mass according to his local rites, than why the same privilege has been for ages con- ceded to the Priests and Clergy of Milan. There is, indeed, one ancient custom of the Eastern communions, which, although allowed and tole- rated by Rome, never was, and never can be, in full accordance with its religious spirit. It is the boast of the Roman Church, that St. Peter delivered to it the tradition of a celibate Clergy, and that it has preserved their tradition un- broken and unsullied to the present hour. To the religious mind of the West, there has always been something repugnant in the notion of a married Clergy ; it seems completely to contradict and to violate that high idea of entire separation from the world which the Catholic Church has ever required from those who aspire to minister at her altars. It must, indeed, be borne in mind that the marriage of the Clergy in the Greek Church is a very different matter from the practice adopted by all Protestant communions. The Protestant bodies place no restriction what ever upon the marriage of their Ministers, who are at liberty to marry whenever and as often as they like. A bishop is not restricted to be the husband of one wife, notwithstanding the plain letter of the Scripture ; but he may enter into a new matrimonial engagement as often as a prior one is dissolved by death or by a civil divorce. In fact, we believe that it is by no means rare to meet with Protestant Ministers, occupying the highest ranks of their profession, who have had two and three successive wives. But this is a state of things which, even in the most dissolute times, has had no existence in any portion of the Christian Church. On the matter of second marriages, the Greeks have always been more rigid than the Latins ; and although they do not exclude married men from the Priesthood, the privilege, if it can be called one, is restrained within the narrowest limits. (1). No one ad- mited to the Priesthood before marriage is after- wards at liberty to take a wife. (2). If the wife of one, married before his admission to the Priesthood, die, her husband can never marry a second time. (3). No married Priest can be promoted to the Episcopate, which is therefore restricted to the members of the Religious Orders ; and, (4), the married Priests are not at liberty to say Mass every day, but only at certain times and seasons. These, it is evident, are very important restrictions upon the liberty of a married Clergy, and they are of such a nature as to confirm and to corroborate the universal sense of the Catholic Church, which has either pro- hibited her Clergy altogether from mixing them- selves up with the concerns of family life, or else has conceded the permission with so many re- strictions and limitations as still to preserve un- impaired her own deliberate expression of the state of life that is most suitable to the high vocation of the Priestly office. But, although it cannot be doubted that the Church would prefer one and the same uniform rule to be observed by all her Clergy, yet this feeling or preference is a very different thing from an attempt to abrogate a custom so ancient as that of the Oriental Church. Rome has never attempted to do any thing of the kind — nay, she has, ere this, for- bidden her Missionaries in the East either to innovate upon this custom or to speak against it ; and, therefore, neither its existence nor the fear of losing it need be any hindrance to union with the West, should the Russian monarch and people be ever moved to seek reconciliation with the Church. Let the union only be made, and in time the people themselves will desire a change in this particular portion of their ancient disci- pline; for, the more Russia has intercourse with the rest of Europe, the more will she, in spite of herself, become assimilated to other European nations ; and, as the idea of a married Clergy is disagreeable to the religious feelings of all Catholic Europe, so will it become even to the Russians. A married priest will never be con- ceded either much respect or influence. He is excluded from the higher and more important offices in his communion. Confessions and di- rection must necessarily, in a great measure, be confined to the Monks and Religious ; and if, by mixing with the rest of Europe, the secular Priesthood of Russia be elevated in tone and education, it will soon come to feel the necessity of a higher and more spiritual rule of life. But there are difficulties towards union with Rome of a more obdurate nature than the pre- servation of certain national rites. These ominous words, "Church and State," open up a difficulty of the gravest magnitude. M. Gagarin has some sensible remarks upon the causes which have led the Oriental Church to split off from the West, and thus to lose its only chance of remaining free and independent. An overweening estimate of their national consequence — an undue partiality for local habits and customs — a narrow-minded tendency to give importance to trifles : these were the Causes of the Eastern schism, the rock on which they sacrificed their unity with the Church in favour of their own miserable local pride and conceit. M. Gagarin believes that at the present day in Russia a reaction is springing up in favour of the independence of the Church ; but he does not conceal from his readers that it has made as yet very little way, while the worst forms of Eras- tianism are still upon the increase. He confesses also that the spirit of the Russian clergy is strongly opposed to the idea of union with Rome. He, however, believes that it is not impossible to make them change their minds. The mass of the Russian clergy are not, he thinks, either as illiterate or as immoral as is commonly supposed. What they want is, the supernatural life and su- pernatural courage. There are two parties among them, which may be regarded as bearing some re- semblance to the Low Church and High Church parties into which the Anglican Establishment is divided. The party which bears the closest resemblance to the Low Church accommodates itself easily to the circumstances of the moment and the spirit of the age ; it cares little for the study of the Fathers and the canons of the Coun- cils, and it cringes with a characteristic servility beneath the feet of the civil power, with a view to obtain its full share of the honours and digni- ties of the national communion- But all the Russian clergy are not men of this stamp. There are priests, monks, and Bishops who, at least in the secret depths of their hearts, have not deserted the cause of the independence of their Church. These men mourn over the present state of things ; they lament the past, and they long for a better future. They may, in this respect, be compared with the English Puseyites ; although it must not be forgotten that they are real Priests, which the Puseyites are not; and besides, they are in a very different position with respect to dogma and Sacraments from that occupied by any section of the English Establishment. It is to these men that M. Gagarin looks for aid in the work of uniting Russia with the Catholic Church. He thinks it possible that they may be brought to see the necessity of re-entering into communion with Rome : and he maintains that, as they are better instructed at the present day than they used to be formerly, there are the stronger grounds for ex- pecting a movement towards Rome to set in. In his opinion, the force of circumstances will pro- duce a change in the sentiments even of the ruling powers of the Empire. They will find that there is no effectual barrier against anarchy and revolution, except in union with the Holy See. Curiously enough, their own national jealousies have opened the door to those extreme radical and infidel principles which have already made some progress in the empire, and which may yet at- tempt its overthrow. The Government of Nicho- las, whilst desirous of promoting native university education, found itself in this difficulty. There were no native professors ; and in order to create them, it was necessary to send young Russian students to take degrees in foreign schools. But where should they be sent? Not to England, be cause on English ground they would be certain to imbibe principles of constitutional liberty ; not to any Catholic country, because they thus run the risk of being attracted to the Catholic religion. They were accordingly sent to Berlin ; and here they drank in, with the avidity of young and ill- formed minds, the extreme radical principles of the German philosopher, Hegel, and his school. Thus that very jealousy which would have kept the youth of the country exclusively Russian in all their ideas, has, in effect, indoctrinated them with opinions and principles the most inimical to the conservatism of the Russian empire. The only real barrier against these principles, which are alike fatal to morals and to religion, is the Catho- lic Church ; and M. Gagarin entertains hopes that the necessity of cultivating better relations with the Church will gradually force itself upon the conviction of the Emperor and his advisers. There remains, however, one serious obstacle to reconciliation with the Catholic Church, of which our sanguine author disposes with much ingenu- ity. On the part of the Russian Church, union with Rome must be purchased by submission. She must rectify her creed, and she must publicly and explicitly confess (1), that the Holy Ghost proceeds from the Father and the Son, as from one principle, and (2), that the Pope, by Divine right, has supreme and universal jurisdiction over the whole Church. But if the Russian commu- nion were to make this confession, would it not be stultifying itself and denying its own theory of the infallibility of the Church ? M. Gagarin sees a way by which this difficulty can be solved. Ac- cording to the doctrine of the Oriental Church, infallibility resides in an œcumenical council, in which both East and West are duly represented. Now, in the first place, the Russians will find no universal council in which the doctrines of Rome have ever been condemned. And, secondly, they will find none in which their own peculiar dogmas have been affirmed. Hence, in consistency, they cannot regard their own peculiar dogmas in any other light than as matters of private opinion ; and if they be matters of opinion, they are open to re-examination, to correction, and to revision. There is no disrespect in asking men to reconsider an opinion, however long and strenously it has been maintained ; and if the great body of the Greek communion, under the sanction of Rome, consented to review its position with respect to these doctrines, we should, in fact, have that very œcumenical council, in which, on the principles of the Greeks, infallibility resides, and to whose decision, therefore, they would be forced to bow. It is not our wish to throw any damper upon M. Gagarin's hopes and efforts for the conversion of Russia. Whether or not it be in the counsels of God to grant this fresh triumph to His Church, He himself alone knoweth. All we can say is, that there cannot be a more noble subject of prayer, and that conquests not less improbable have, ere this, been achieved by the Catholic reli- gion. Some few years since and it was contrary to all probability that Archdeacons, and Digni- taries, and Professors, and Parsons of the Eng- lish Established Church should be reconciled to the Church of Rome ; and yet, both nationally and theologically, the English mind is more alien to Catholicism than any form of Eastern Chris- tianity. We are aware, indeed, that there is another theory about the future of Russia, and one which would regard her as the last and greatest antagonist of the Christian Church. But the hopes expressed in the pamphlet before us are those which we prefer to entertain. We may fairly expect great and beneficial changes from the line of liberal and enlightened policy which the present Emperor seems disposed to adopt. The opening of Russia to the rest of Europe by railroads and by commerce will be advantageous to her population in various ways. It will also benefit the Russian Priesthood and Clergy, who, notwithstanding M. Gagarin's favourable judg- ment, we fear are in a very degraded and debased condition. It will bring them into contact, by books and other means, with the higher Catholic mind of Europe ; and there is every reason to be- lieve that the time will eventually come when, casting aside the barbarity of their isolated posi- tion, they will cheerfully re-enter the family of the Church, and atone for the disloyalty of the past by the sincerity of their submission to the Holy See. Among the many curious stories which may, at some future day, form materials for the his- torian of the Irish Court, there is one at present in general circulation which, if the facts he not ex- aggerated, will not be the least amusing of the series. Three ladies, daughters of a gentleman residing in a country town not 80 miles from Dublin, not having been honored with cards of invitation, determined to try their chance of admission without going through the necessary forms; and they were successful. Although quite unknown to the rest of the guests, they obtained partners, and danced merrily through- out the night. At length questions began to be asked as to the identity of the fair strangers, and Mr. Bagot, the chamberlain, having consulted his list, speedily ascertained that they had come un- bidden to the feast ; but no further notice was then taken of the matter, and the ladies were permitted to finish the night as they had begun it. On the day following, however, a billet from the Chamberlain's office was despatched to the intruders, requesting to know upon what authority they had attended the hall on the night previous, as most positively he (the chamberlain) had not furnished them with the requisite passports. The reply to this was candid, and even conciliatory. They admitted that they had not been honored with invitations, but they kindly attributed the omission to an oversight on the part of the Chamberlain, but as they knew that no offence was designed no more need be said upon the subject. The answer to this explanation was written in a totally different spirit, as the ladies were politely informed that upon a review of the case the Lord-Lieutenant had come to the conclusion that their presence at the next Drawing-room could be dispensed with. Nowise abashed by this intimation, they rejoined that such a communication was al- together superfluous, as before its receipt they had reconsidered the slight put upon them on the pre- vious occasion, and had resolutely made up their minds to discountenance the Irish Court for the resT of the (so called) fashionable season. IMPORTANT DISCOVERY. — The Detection of Murder. — A series of experiments have recently been made, says the Chicago Democratic Press, by Dr. Pollock, an oculist of Chicago, to test the truth of an article published some time since by a cele- brated physician in England, which alleged that the last scene viewed by a dying man would remain im- pressed upon the retina as does the impression upon a daguerreotype plate. In each experiment that Dr. P. has made, he has found that an examination of the retina of an eye with a microscope reveals a wonderful as well as a beautiful sight, and that in almost every instance there was a clear, distinct, and marked impression. We put these facts upon re- cord, in the hope of awakening an interest in the subject, that others may be induced to enter upon these interesting experiments, and the cause of science advanced. The recent examination of the eye of J. H. Beardsley, who was murdered in Auburn, conducted by Dr. Sandford, corresponds with those made elsewhere. The following is the published account of the examination. At first we suggested the saturation of the eye in a weak solution of atrophine, which evidently produced an enlarged state of the pupil. On observing this, we touched the end of the optic nerve with the extract, when the eye instantly became protuberant. We now applied a powerful lens, and discovered in the pupil the rude, worn-away figure of a man, with a light coat, beside whom was a round stone, standing or suspended in the air, with a small handle stuck as it were in the earth. The remainder was debris, evidently lost from the destruction of the optic, and its separation from the mother brain. Had we per- formed this operation when the eye was entire in the socket, with all its powerful connection with the brain, there is not the least doubt but that we should have detected the last idea and impression made on the mind and eye of the unfortunate man. The thing would evidently be entire: and perhaps we should have had the contour, or, better still, the exact figure of the murderer. The last impression before death is always move terrible on the brain from fear than any other cause, and figures im- pressed on the pupil more distinct, which we attri- bute to the largeness of the optic nerve and its free communication with the brain. — New Orleans True Delta, November 8th. NATIONAL DEBT AND RAILWAYS IN FRANCE. — In considering the position of the national debt of France, it should always be borne in mind that the railways of that country form a sort of sinking fund for a very large proportion of that debt, and their action is far more important and certain, to our thinking, than that of the Caisse d'Amortissement, especially charged with its redemption. At the expi- ration of the concessions granted to the various com- panies, the lines revert to the state; and though the period for that reversion is still remote, it is a cer- tainty which has an increasing value every year, not merely from the abbreviation of the time which has to elapse before the state comes into possession, but from the steady growth of traffic and consequent progress of the revenue derivable from the aggregate system of railways. The importance of this rever- sionary property will be at once perceived when we state that the funded debt of France, exclusive of terminable annuities, is now about £271,125,000, while the total cost of the existing system of rail- ways is estimnted at £146,000,000, of which about £120,000,000, has been already expended. At the end of 1855, although less than one-half of the mile age was in operation, the gross receipts amounted to a larger sum than the total charge on the funded debt, and it is, therefore an anticipation quite within the bounds of probability, that the net revenue de- rived from the railways, when the traffic is fully developed, will approximate still more closely in amount to the sum chargeable to the nation for the interest on its debt. — Daily News. At a very excellent hotel in America, not over a hundred miles distant, they were one day short of a waiter, when a newly arrived Hibernian was hastily made to supply the place of a more ex- pert hand, "Now Barney," said mine host, "mind you serve every man with soup the first thing — serve the soup first." "Bedad, I'll do that same," said the alert Barney. Soup came on, and Barney, after helping all but one guest, came to the last one. "Soup, sir," said Barney. "No soup for me," said the man, "But you must have it — it's the rule of this house." "Darn the house !" exelaiined the guest, highly exasperated. "when I don't want soup I won't eat it. Get along with you." "Well," said Brney with solemnity, "all I can say is this, it's the regulations of the house, and d —l the drop else will ye git until ye finish the soup !: The traveller gave in, and the soup was gobbled. THE MOTHER. — A man's mother is the representative of his Maker. Misfortune, and even crime, set up no barriers between her and her son. While his mother lives, he will have one friend on earth who will not listen when he is slandered, who will not desert him when he suffers, who will soothe him in his sorrows, and speak to him of hope when he is ready to despair. 