THE DB AM A. . SOTAL VICTORIA. After n, brilliant engagement af'78 Vgh'ts| tl accomplished sisters Goagenbeini mndó ' thc fArewqll curtesy to the Sydney priblio on .Moi dny evening, in the favorite'play of .* Court ntl Stage'",, followed by tho. operatic Burlesque i ".Cinderella", lt is scarcely necessary to' BI that their reception was ,enthusiaatic, and tli curtain fell upon these nmialilo and gifte artistes with' deep regret on tho part of th nndience; arid we'trust with satisfaction, some what alloyed by tho like feeling on the pni of tho ladles themselves. We regret to stat thai .Miss Joey's health'hat suffered consider ably tVpm' hor arduous'exertions during tb latter patt of the engagement, -but wo sincere! hope that it will be p-rmanentty recruitoi during the lu terral'that in the opinion of he medical advisor must necessarily interveno bo. fora tho Hepar turo of ino sisters for Melbourne in expressing onr cordial wishes for the faturt success tif the Misses Oougcnhelm, we must bi permitted to c'xpross oar itppreciation of tb< anio and courteous serricej of their invaluabh agent, Mr Eddy. Oh Tuesday, » /hrewoll 'com- plimentary benefit was giver; to Mr Charlot Komblo Mason, prior tb his departure, for Cali- fornia and the United States, under tho patron« age of tho gentlemen of tho Melbourne Cricket Club, on which occasion Mr and Mrs Stork con- tributed their valunblo «erviecs, tbo piety se- lected hoing " Venice Preserved", tho part of .ïntfiér' by Mr Stark: «Pierre', Mr Mason; * Belvidere',. Mrs Stark. On Wednesday, A farewell complimentary benefit was given to tba Araeriean Tragedians,whou Mr M.von returned .th« compliment in lind. "Hamlet" waa the piny of tho evening-: . Hamlet', Mr Stm-k; Ghost, Mr Mason; Queen, Mrs Stark. Mr nnd Mrs Stark and Mr Kembla Morton sail this day ? in tho Water Witch for San Francisco. They leave Sydney < with our best wishes for a prosperous passage, nod the realit »lion of their future hopes. We loam that an. engagement boa been effected, with Mr G. V. Ilrooko, to commence on the termination of tbs one lia is now fulfilling at " Oar Lyceum". 