lEAitri-XC'A&-. To the Editor of Hell's Life m Viclorut. DKAIt Sin,— I bco by last Saturday's issue of tho 17th instant, thedeolarod woights of tho Free Handioap, and which, as far as my knowledgo of handicapping oxtonds, is out. of all character. I believe it is an acknowledged fact that tho standing ,-ula for handicapping horses is thoir publio porfonraices ; if so, why should AlicoHaw thorn carry 2 Ios moro woight than-Becky Sharp, tho formor tho winner of but ono raco this season of any noto, and that race three miles ; at the samo meeting was beaten in the one milo and-a-half raceby Hotspur, whilo on tho contrary Bocky Sfiarp won, in tho namo Bpaco of timo, seventeen races, which foat has nover been ac complished by any other raco horjo hero, beating al most every horso in tho colony that distance, including tho celebrated Van Tromp, tee., ke. This distance suits her to a length, whilo double it is more in accordnnco with Alice's taste, yet iu spito of nil this, Alice is crowded down with tho extra 2 lbs. The noxt is Buck Icy, with 0 st 4 lbs on him ; considering his lato perfor mances at tho Melbourne Meeting, it must destroy his chanco ; if tho figures bed been reversed, 4 st 9 lbs, it would bo moro iu accordance with his late abilities; even then, I should doubt if ho could catch Itneky. Quiz tho-AVind carries tho sarno weight as lwio-of-May. Tho maro ran second, carrying welter woijjhts, to tho best horso in the colony at that time, 3 mile:], while Quiz was beaten in every raco easily, excopt for the Consola tion Stakes, whoro ho ran Becond to a third-class horso, and yet ho carries tho samo as the maro. Again, AVill-o'-tho-AViBp, with tho 0 lbB taken ofTwoiild be moro in plaeo ; he has run two seasons, and during his racing carcor baa won but ono race, viz., Maiden Plate : why he should carry that weight I havo yot to loam. Then again Stamford, with soven Btono twelve pounds, a throo-ycar-old colt (now broak ing), a vory small horso, has to contend with tho two boat Uireo-ycar-olds in tho colony, with two pounds less woight on him only than oithor tho Flying Doo or Dor mot Asthoro, the winners of the two thrco-yoar'old races this season. From this fact it wonld appear that thoro is a ponalty in ovory handicap for briiigmg out a frcnh horso (groat oncourageniout to breeders of raco horses). Ho might havo a ghost of a chanco with a foa thor; oven that ia doubtful with tlia company he would havo t» moot. Thoro aro many others equally badly weighted, but suffice it tu uhow to tho sporting community tho absurdity of selecting men to weight hones who ovidontly know but littlo about such mattorn; but whilo writing this thu thought strikes mo, — a fact that goes far to explain why tmpiioscd judges should handicap horson, bo ' widu from their publio performances!, viz., I am informed that only orio out of five of t,ho Btowards who woro appointod to handicap tho liorson wan present, or knew anything about tho woights, until thoy wcro publicly declared. Your obediont servant, ANTHONY GREEN. [AVo in»o»t tho abovo lottor, bocauso wo wish our journal to bo open to all opinions, fairly oxpressod, upon Bportiug matters. Bnt at tho samo timo, wo disagree with tho writor on almost ovory point, and wo beliovo that ho has boon misinformed as to tho modo in which tho handicap was framed. Wo havo fiomo roluotanco in admitting this communication to our columns, for wo do not think that the handicap warrants any porson in charging ' absurdity,' and ' knowing littlo about such matters,' upon tho framoro of it. irr. Uroenis evidently quito ignorant of ono of tho primary rules, of handi cappiug, viz., to put a weight on a 'dark' horso, aa if he wero a good ono, until a publio porformauco prove him othorwwo.— Ed. Veil's XaJc] 