THE GEELONG RAILWAY. — Mr. George McLachlan, one of the contractors of this line, whose presence was required at our police court last Monday, informs us that he came from Geelong to Williamstown by railway in the short space of two hours and a-half. It is said that the line between this place and Geelong will be opened for traffic in the course of a fortnight or three weeks. MUNICIPAL INSTITUTIONS. — Capt. Clarke, in a communication to the Argus, by way of reply to a published letter of Councillor Ver- don relative to the amendment of the Munici- palities Act, says it is his intention to ask the Legislature to consider the subject, and that he trusts he shall have less difficulty in ob- taining an improved system of local self- government than he had in 1854, when his views upon the question were but indifferently supported. FOUND DROWNED. — The body of a man, named James Lester, formerly a steward on board the barque Daniel Webster, was found floating near that vessel on Sunday afternoon last. The deceased, who was a man of intem- perate habits, was last seen alive on the 9th inst. An inquest was held upon the body on Tuesday last, and a verdict in accordance with the above evidence was given. PUBLIC LECTURE. — On Thursday evening last, a lecture was delivered at the Athenæum by Mr. W. S. Gibbons, on "The Chemistry of Bread." The lecturer commenced with a sketch of the early history of bread, and then proceeded to describe its varieties and pro- perties as a nutrient, the changes effected in the process of bread-making, the contami- nations to which flour is naturally subject, and the objects and effects of adulterations, which together with a deal of other useful informa- tion was listened to with much attention. At the conclusion a vote of thanks to Mr. Gib- bons was proposed and carried. The attend- ance at the lecture, we regret to say, was some what limited, owing probably to the unfavor- able state of the weather at the time. WILLIAMSTOWN ATHENÆUM. — On Tues- day evening last the members of the elocution class, recently formed in connection with this institution, followed up their initiatory Conver- sazione by another delightful entertainment of a similar character, and equally successful in aid of the funds of the "Williamstown Ladies' Benevolent Society." At half-past seven every available corner of the building was densely thronged by a highly respectable audience, embracing the leading residents of the town, with their families, and a few gentlemen from Melbourne, attracted, no doubt, by the success of the previous entertainment. The vocal part of the programme, albeit certain acoustic difficulties with which the amateurs had to contend, was pleasingly rendered, but we regret to say that the same apology cannot be urged on behalf of the pianoforte accompani- ments; and here we may be allowed to ob- serve, en passant, that nothing short of musi- cal talent of a high order will suit the tastes of our "fishing villagers." The Charade, as on a former occasion, was eminently success- ful, and the representation of the more promi- nent characters was sustained throughout with a degree of histrionic unction, and that absence of mauvaise honte which have already been noticed. Mr. Rees, as Mrs. Jarrett, was irre- sistible, and his bye-play was inimitable. On Mr. Bruce, as Chatterton Chopkins, we can- not bestow too much praise; his ludicrous pre- sentation of gentish absurdities would have amused the most fastidious, and excited great merriment. Shylock was well represented by Mr. Stratford, whose acting and intonation would have very creditably passed in the "lechitimate, eh!" The Ghost of Hamlet's father savoured more of the stage than of the tomb, and seemed to carry along with him much of that racy humour we observed in Mr. Peter Grievous the patient, a few minutes previously. The character of Sir John Fal- staff was appropriately given to Mr. Bull, senior, who did ample justice to that gentle- man's reputed dimensions, despite the shade of melancholy which seemed to have crept over his once happy disposition. Mr. Fyfe's Lady Macbeth was ludicrously picturesque. Last, though not least, we have to notice indi- vidually the great Dr. Eucalyptus Jones, Oily Gammon, Esq., and the "Immortal Bard," which three characters were successively sus- tained with great care and ability by Mr. Verdon. The less prominent characters were very creditably supported by Messrs. Weldon, Gallpen, Bull, jun., Dempster, and Lawson, to all of whom we yet hope to see a better opportunity afforded of displaying their abili- ties. A Prologue and Epilogue, written for the occasion, by Dr. Maclean, and containing many happy allusions, were delivered re- spectively, by Messrs. Bruce and Rees; and a tableau of the different characters, introduced in the course of the evening, terminated a most agreeable and delightful entertainment. The room was tastefully decorated with a number of oil-paintings and water-colours, kindly furnished by the Rev. Mr. Medland and other gentlemen, and in an adjoining room numerous objects of scientific interest were laid open for inspection by Mr. Ellery, of the Observatory, who with Dr. McGillivray afforded every information required. Alto- gether the greatest praise is due the Athenæum Committee for their unremitting exertions on behalf of the Institution, and the proceeds will, no doubt, prove highly satisfactory to those ladies whose benevolent efforts have thus been recognised and appreciated. GREAT FIRE AT DUNOLLY. — On Monday afternoon, about half-past four o'clock the street, and spread rapidly throughout the neighbourhood. The cry of fire is one of such a nature that most people are quickly aroused, and therefore soon it became universally known. On going into the street a dreadful spectacle met my eye. The "Live- and-Let Live' Hotel, which had recently been erected at a great expense by Mr. Ray, was in flames at the rear. Fed by the light nature of the materials of the house, the fire soon got to the bar, where the spirits caught fire, and in five minutes all was one mass of living flame. So intense was the heat, that there was no get- ting near the burning, building, and conse- quently little or nothing was saved. Dr. Crossland's shop adjoining soon caught, and then fears began to be entertained for the safety of the whole side of the street. Cameron and McCallum commenced throwing out their goods, consisting of drapery, &c.;, but the fire was too quick for them; within fifteen minutes the devouring element had obtained complete mastery of Dr. Crossland's, and had laid hold of the roof of McCallum's. A cry was then raised to take down Ehrenberg's fancy goods store, and as by this time a great crowd had collected, many hands set to work with a will, and in a few minutes the store was cleared and the walls down. This proceeding effec- tually stopped the progress of the fire, and the main point now was to prevent it spreading beyond those places on either side. Between the "Live-and-Let Live" Hotel and Mr. Palmer's store there is a narrow right-of-way about ten or twelve feet wide. Across this the flames did not reach. Some watercarts now came up, and a number of men soon mounted the roof of Mr. Palmer's store, and buckets of water being passed to them, the roof was soon wet through, as well as some adjoining tents. At Masterton's store, and adjoining Morris Ehrenberg's wet blankets were speedily put on the roof, preventing the flames from spread- ing in that direction. By these means the fire was completely prevented from spread- ing north or south. Fortunately at the time there was little or no wind, else the consce- quences must have been incalculable. So high were the flames at one time, that they reached the topmost branches of two trees at the rear of the hotel, and set them on fire. These were afterwards cut down. In about half-an-hour after the fire broke out, the iron roof of the public-house fell in with a tremendous crash, and for a few moments the flames were terrific. The whole pile of the three stores formed one large mass of fire, and all attempts to put it out seemed futile. Some eight or nine loads of firewood at the back of the public house caught fire but were speedily extinguished, a good hole of water being handy. For some time fears were enter- tained that the cellar of the Live-and-Let Live, in which the brandy and other spirits were stored, would ignite, and every exertion was used to prevent such a mishap, but to no effect, for on raising some of the flooring boards some of the cases were found to be in flames. At this time, there being a good supply of water; bucketful after bucketful was thrown into the place, and at last success crowned their efforts, and the cellar was gutted. About half-past five or six o'clock the police arrived, headed by Lieut. Palmer, and by their pre- sence soon made a clear passage, so that those who were engaged in clearing the burning wreck could work with more ease. When once the water began to tell upon the fire the work of clearing away the combustible mate- rials was quickly proceeded with. By eight o'clock the fire was so far subdued that all danger was at end. Various rumours are afloat; as to the supposed origin of the fire, but the most correct account, is, that one of the servants had gone in the bedroom, with a lighted candle : by some means, unexplained, the curtains caught fire, and before she could give the alarm the room was in flames. The flame of the fire was distinctly seen so far as Inkermann, and for ten miles round. We are sorry to say that none of the parties are in- sured, so that the loss must be extremely heavy on some of the sufferers. The damage has been by some estimated at from £3,000 to £4,000. This is a moderate amount, as Messrs. McCallum had only a few days prev- ously laid in a large stock. Messrs. McCallum managed to save a part of their goods, but only a very small part: the time being so short, Mr. Ehrenberg lost nearly all his stock, not so much by fire as by destruction in pull- ing the place down. Dr. Crossland, with diffi- culty, saved his wife and children. — About seven o'clock; while the fire at the Live-and- Let Live Hotel was smouldering, another fire occurred at the north end of the street. A digger's tent, near the National Hotel, acci- dentally caught fire, and was burnt to the ground. Nothing was saved. —Correspondent of the Argus. [ADVERTISEMENT.] — APPOINTMENT OF RIVER PI- LOTS.—The following gentlemen have been appointed by the Pilot Board to act as pilots for the River Yarra, viz : Mr. William Thomas Liley, Mr. Robert McKay, Mr. Philip Mellen, and Mr. William Mur- rell. Masters and agents of vessels can be supplied with pilots by applying at the Pilot Board offices. 