Domestic Intelligence. BRAIDWOOD.—Mr. Isaac Archibald has been appointed District Registrar for the District of Braidwood, in place of Mr. Thomas Murphy. CORONER FOR BRAIDWOOD.—Dr. Codring ton, the Coroner for the district of Braidwood. tas swort in at thel Quarter Sessi.ns, on Tuesday last. PUBLIC POUND.—The public pound at Binda has been removed to the premises of Mr. Edward Webster (allotment No. 7 of section 20 in that place. TuE UPrrPER IIouse.--A despatch has been rereived Iroem her Majesty thel Queet, authoris itlg thi pretie of "The Honourable'" to the members of the Legislative Council. bltlr, Susr o Pelo Esu.atns,--'lihe mails for EuSrope per tneida will close at thse General Post Ofice, Sydney, at 6 p.m, on Th¶liurday iext. All letters nud newspaplers smust he pre paiid. Thie latest day for pusting ia GCulburn is Tuesday. ACCIDENT TO MR. FAITHFULL.—We regret to learn that Mr. Faithfull, who is at the pre- sent time on a visit to his stations on the Ovens, has met with a rather severe accident. It appears that, while walking, he slipped and fell on his hip, which received such injury as to cause considerable lameness. DEATH BY BURNING. — We have been in- formed that a child of three or four years old belonging to Mr. Seaman, a settler at Bolong Flats, about 50 miles from Goulburn, lost its life last week by being accidentally burnt. TUENA.—Mr. Bright arrived in town on Tuesday night from Tuena, bringing down about 260 ozs. of gold dust, and two nuggets of gold mixed with quartz, one of which, pro cured by Mr. Trudgett, formerly sergeant major of the mounted police, weighed more than three ounces ; judging by its auriferous appearance and weight, we should suppose that tile q trC4 ,ttstedt of tlolut otte ounce. MIr. ,Isat ief '?t 0 blrotglit into town, on Wed neCsday, ahloi~ 30 ounces, but hais taken it ot to hytlne'. \We are it?lfllrted tlhat the grestler pat t T th?e diggers re dloing well on thie e cek, andl thlat thie mlber is dulaly increasitng. Se verntl pllrt?e are tnorlig olt Ilore tinan rwnges; Ind ?houli tihe weather ,IhII lilne, considertable retlrns ale explected from the exertions of the diggers this summer. GOLD PURCHASES.—Mr. Clarke has pur chased, tduritig the week, 10 ozs. of Rocky River gold, a nice clean sample, at £3 12s. 6d. ; 7 ozs. Abercrombie gold, the price of which Ias not Iranspllired; ulsu ua Ingget of gold andt quartt from Tueta, weighing 3 ozs. 8 dwts., and whichl is nllposedll to itclude somoethling mtlore tltlin alnl outtee of quartz. THE LATE REV. B. HURST. — On Sunday evening last, the Wesleyan Chapel was filled by an attentive congregation attracted by the announcement that the Rev. Mr. Rabone from Sydney would preach at funeral sermon on the occasion of the death of the Rev. B. Hurst. Numbers who were anxious to listen to the rev. preacher were compelled to stand about the door- way, so thronged was the interior of the building. The rev. gentleman took for his text the 10th verse of the 14th chapter of Job ; " Man dieth and wasteth away; yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he ?" After the sermon, which was an impressive piece of pulpit oratory, the rev. preacher alluded more especially to the ministrations of the de- parted. It would appear that at the early age of ten years and while an attendant at Sabbath School the lamented Mr. Hurst first received serious convictions, and at the age of 17 years he had begun to preach the gospel of the Saviour to others, and continued these labours for two years on the English circuit. In 1837 he sailed from England for these colonies; and early it 1838 he arrived in Van Diman's Land, where he remained about a year, preach- in several parts of the land. He then removed to Victoria, where he laboured among the Aborigines for four years; and then, in the order of Providence, he came to this colony. He was three years in Sydney, four years in Bahurst, returned to the Sydney circuit for three years, and in 1852 came to Goulburn. His manner of life, his labours, his great bene- volence, were well known it this district —all of them were acquainted with "his goings out and comings in." The rev. gentleman then read a lengthy document detailing parti- culars of the last days of the late lamented mi- nister, at portions of which many of those present seemed deeply affected. It is to be hoped that memorials of so useful a life may be furnished to the world us they are eminently suited as " a lamp to those who walk in dark- ness." RATE OF MAIL TRAVELLING.—On reference to tile time table of the new mail contract, we find that the coach between Berrima and Goul burn is compelled to travel at the rate of seven miles an'houtr, and fiont Uoulbutn to IJerrinma at the rate of eight and at half mIliles an Itour, whlile Ihe coach front Golbturn to Yass is rti qliredl to trnvel somewhlat less tthan five miles nhllloul'. We think this is scarcely equitable between the two mail contractors. BERRIMA.—We have to notice a letter recei ved from Berrima, complaining of very unjusti fiable negligence in the Magisterial department, whichl, if true, rflects great discredit on tlhose vltose dlty it is.to attenld to tile Court busititess of that dlistriei; atlotng other complailts that of rotompellilg four slowyers to travel bIcekwards anild fbrwl rds upwards of 200 ,miles bcefr' re ceivilng their litetse, alrteady 'pitid ibr, solely on Oacilunt of the absente of those whoso business it was to be in attendance. ACCIDENT.—On the morning of Saturday last an accident, which was likely to be attended by a fatal result, occurred to a young man wo was reaping a wheat field at Mr. John Braithwaite's, Gndaroo River. It appears l int, leilg short of reapers, tMr. Ii. englged a nun who stated thut, utholugh not a gool hand at repiaIg, he hlitll renpled blefore. O0 thie first octlsion of goinlg itot the field heOwas next in rotatihn to tie yontg mialln nldedl to..anld so elntsily did ie Ise hIis sickle lthat e l nearly suteredIthe unfortunatte alti'st leg from his Iotly. T'le act tlmostt penletlrated to tlht bone; but us skilfiul assistance was qnickly obtained, life was saved. FURIOUS RIDING.—On Thursday morning a man named John Calman, while in a state of intoxication,vfuriously galloped up and down Auburn-setreet. ()ii one rcasion of hlis passiltg tihe Mairketpltice, constables Wyatt and Peard managed to seize him, but in doing so, tIe for tnor received a tcevere kick from the prisonter in a dtlallngertlou part. Wyatt in return intlilted a smailrt Ilow ot tihe rusal's shlts, after whichl a'nlantewas lodlged in tio lock.up. lIe was to have been brought before the' Bench this mornttinlg but as Ihe "gammoned" to be sulfering nidl:h fedit?n 'itlfects of Wyntt's very modlerate chastliselmelnt he was nllcwoedl to contilue on No: 1 diet for a day hlnger. He will appear before the Police Magistrate this morning when it is hoped that he will receive his due PRESENTING A PISTOL.—On Sunday even ing last, a man known by the name of "John the Devil,' in the employ of Thomas Cham berlayne, of Baw Baw, limeburner, while in a sttle of inltoxientiotln produtced by rum which Iheo hual procured bIy bretking itto a sl slstotre be loaging to his minster, preisentedt a itsttl at that person aid 0so frighlteted him tthat Ihontthe filotwing nfitrnoon gillopedl ilto Goulbutrn and gilve infirmatitoin of the circumustance to the police. "The devil" has since absconded. SCHOLASTIC.—It always affords us pleasure to utencouragoe estahlishltnents Ilaving for their end the meultl and mortl imtprovement of the young ; we are therefore happy to see, ifroi our odvertising cohitmns, an additional establish ment of this kind for young ladies, under the superintendence of Mrs. Pentland, and that our towtn's-pelople avail themselves of every oppor tunity to ilmprove their children in education. We ''have known Mls. 'Peltcitnd fur mtliy yearI , tntd feel asstured tihat lshe is well qualified to dlischarg ile lthe duties she has undertaken; we therefore wish her every success. NEW PUBLICATION.—It will be seen by our advertizing columns that Mr. C. H. Nichols tends issuinlg a new publication under the title of "'The Australian Sporting Calendar.' Frotn what we eanlearnl. it is our opinion it will be of great uility to the .pllorting pt blic. lYe truest we ittly sholtly be enabliled to spoak in a more decided mannelir of its merits. Tnu GoUt.BtttN AtNNUAL Ricos.-The Era (Sydney) nlludilg to ti?e tturf arrnogementts for '07, says:--Goulburn will open thie tall atlongst thie pritcipal irace meetillgs, on the 17th, 18111th, and 10th of February, anil its bill of ftre shows oni the irst di/ty a Maiden I'ltlte of 150'sove reigns, thie Tlown Plate of £10), besides a £50 inld a £40 stake. 'IThe second dty is never very pirolific in prizes anywhere, yet we find tie Golthtirirtes nntontleo £50 itbe run for in the I'ultliit's PI'trse, wblte on the third day, to tleCounty takes is aplpenled the itn unificent prize of £150. WVith sulch tetmpting premlniuls, we cannot Ielieoe that the soluthern getterintg will heo anyhingl but snecessebl; indeed, we k;now tiltot i alretad' excites very eonsilerablo intelorstro tun nstalting thtt Stranger (the grey horse fro4llhuny), will .be there to contest the ConulhtBraktr with Veno, /vho is expected to sltoti fir them. THE SENTENCE ON LAKEMAN.—About two years ago tltis person, who for a number of years carried on business as an Innkeeper, at Camden, was tried ans convicted at Darling hurst of the crime of rape, and sentenced to d1ath. Tho' ghg the exSertions of lis friends atld others who were doubtful of hiis guilt, the stnteteiewas comultedo to ten .years lahor at Cockatoo., Subsetuentlty furthler exertions were tladti in his behnlf, and last week the re malinler of his sentence was remitted, and he was discharged from Cocketoo. Sin Ioa00i D Covilet.ny-ln justice to the racing ipowers of thi hOIre thiiat lately eon tslted a mantclh with Iomeno, we should have satted tha t nthe tnime of his rulnihg hIe uhad beetn onlly a fortnllightn olF the geraS, an(d had thecnl afterwards led onl new hIty, wnhich all spormnlol kllow is not thle ecnet kinl of feeding to bring a hlorse 'into racing conditi(on. lund lie bccn properly fed and trained the mnatch would probably lhave had a very dilferent issuor. CLICK1ET MrTll BETWEEtN VTIrORIA AND NeW hourtI \VW,?Bs. -'"'bis great slporting rvetll eOnulllnllellced ill thelloilolntin, Sydlley, on loindaly, and at thle close io1" tle lday the New Solh \VWales eleven scored 80 au(tl thle Victoria G6, thIlus leavingi New bouth \VWales a tnajority o',1.7.. 'IThe playing was to be resumed oin the following tlor!ning. 