AN ACTOR HIS OWN CRITIC. CRITICISM is becoming a perilous employment. It is forbidden to call a spade a spade, and a stick a stick, especially if the stick form part of the properties of a theatre. An interdict has been laid upon the theatrical critic, unless be tem. pers his ink with honey instead of gall-nuts, and kneels in adoration where, in virtue of his office, he should pit in judgment. And the public—the patient, paying patron of the " poor player" must also be the player's panegyrist, placable, propitious, and prodigal of plaudits ; otherwise the actor who condescends to amuse (iand to receive the money of) a quantity of "barren spectators," will rebuke them for their apathy or theirjcensure, constitute himself the critic of hisfown performance, and declare his intention of " taking five pounds worth (whatever that expression may mean) out of' those who venture to dissent from his own estimate of his own transcendent merits. . . . A Mr. M'K-ean Buchanan—a theatrical star who twinkled somewhat feebly and fitfully in the firmameut of Melbourne, has been shedding his radiance upon the frequenters of the Criterion Theatre at Sandhurst He appeared as Gloucester, in " Richard the Third," on Saturday night ; and if he made the character as funny as he is said to have done at the Theatre Royal in this city, it must have been excessively amusing to the audience. That it was so, may be inferred from the following notice in the J3endigo Advertiser ;— " The text was departed from in a most ad libitum manner, and a few of the necessary scenic concomitants were coolly dispensed with. For instance, when the funeral of King Henry the Sixth is passing, or rather supposed to be passing, and when the officer exclaims < Stand back my lord, and let the coffin pass,' we looked in vain for the coffin and the procession, but it was only supposed to be there, and the effect of the whole scene was spoiled. In the tent sone before the battle of Boswoith, the ghosts of Richard's murdered victims did not show but murmured their warnings behind the scenes—in tact, the omissions, mistakes, and absurdities were so many and so various that we are much inclined to believe the management intended to give us a taste of "Shakspere travestied." Ktag Henry was played by Mr Douglas, and we were very glad when he was killed. Mr. Faucett was both Buckingham and Rkhrnmd Richmond s army was represented bv a man with a loud voice and bandy legs, who carried a formidable-looking battle-axe, well black leaded. The crook-backed tyrant was enacted by Mr. M'Kean Buchanan, and certainly not with success." The audience thought so, it seems and certain of them hissed ! -audaciously and profanely hissed the "great" actor who had travelled all the way from the United States to prove "How much a stick that has been sent to roam Excels a stick that has been kept at home !" But the good humour of vhe audience got the better of their displeasure T e countenance of the severest critic must have relaxed m the presence of that terrible army, which was typified by "a man with a loud voice and bandy legs, who carried a formidable-looking battle- axe well black-leaded." And accordingly they forgave Mr M'Kean Buchanan his bad acting, in consideration of the droll aspect exhibited by the army of his opponent. They reanimated the body of the slain monarch, and called him before the curtain ; whereupon mindful of the sibillations he had received, the indignant tragedian thus expressed himself :— « Ladies and gentlemen,-I come before you at the wish of a maiority of the audience, and beg to say that I am obliged to them Sr the compliment. I am aware that three or four dissipated persons come here for'tjlie purpose of annoying me and hissing me, as they did mgfct. wbeR I did pay best to amuse the audience, and 1 am pure m never played better in my life. I would willingly give £5 if I could discover the man that did hiss me, and I would take the £5 out of him ! I am a plain and blunt American. I never played better than I played last night, and 1 say again I would give £5 to find the man that hissed me." The Advertiser goes on to remark that the audience appeared to be " rather taken aback" by this harangue. PUNCH should rather think they were. The next thing he expects to hear c f is the verbal delivery of a challenge from the actor who is hissed, to the spectator who hisses, and a prompt settlement of their differences by a pugilistic encounter in the orchestra, or a "terrific combat of two*' (if the duello should be preferred) immediately before the footlights. People will measure the bulk and height and estimate the fighting capabilities of actors before they venture upon the utterance of the faintest sibillation ; and the weakest performers are likely to receive the most disapprobation, if their demerits are as palpable as those of the American star. The patrons of the drama will be exempted, moreover, from the exercise of their own judgment in regard to the performance they have witnessed : for will not the actors themselves, in accordance with the example set them by Mr. Buchanan, pronounce a decisive opinion upon their own acting ? And who so competent to judge ? What critics so acute, discriminating, impartial, aud infallible? "I never played better than I played last night" was the emphatic declaration of the player who had been hissed ; and who shall doubt, demur to, or dispute it ? Let it be henceforth understood that to admire if not to applaud, is the bound en duty of every individual who pays for admission to a theatre ; that there is no such thing as bad acting on any stage ; that a performer is the best judge of his own performances ; and that any one rashly presuming to express disapprobation thereat, renders himself liable to the mysterious punishment of " haviug fivn pounds taken out of him," whether according to the manner proposed by Shylock, or otherwise, PUKCH is unable to determine. 