LITERATURE. Land System for Victoria; embodied in a letter to Archibald Michie, Esq. M.L.A. By Frederick Coster, Barrister-at-law, of New Brunswick, B.N.A., and Attorney of the Supreme Court of Victoria. Melbourne : James J. Blundell and Co. Mr Coster has produced an able, useful, and well-timed pamphlet. He has addressed it, not inappropriately, to Mr Michie, from whom the public have been disposed to hope for great things in reforming the existing land system, and producing one that might become a country which invited settlement and called itself a colony. Mr Coster has had in his professional capacity, extensive practical experience of colo- nial land systems — partly in Victoria, and partly in one of the British Colonies of North America— New Brunswick. In some parts of Mr Coster's pamphlet he has pronounced rather hasty opinions on matters with which he was not perfectly acquainted: — we allude to his observations on the pre-emptive system in the United States; but if he has made some mistakes, his letter is scarcely the less valuable as a contribution to that general fund of discussion out of which true opinions must grow. Let the subject be thoroughly dis- cussed, and among men who will frame their con- clusions on public, not on private and personal grounds, there can be little disagreement in the end. The evils to be eradicated are obvious, and the end to be accomplished is not less plain ; and when the end is agreed on, the means of attaining it cannot be the subject of any very serious differences. Mr Coster, as a New Brunswicker, is best acquainted with the land regulations of his native colony, and he believes that by a few modifications they could easily be adapted to meet the requirements of Victoria. He has approached the subject from a direction different from ours, and he adheres strongly to his peculiar views, but he aims at the same end : — "That every colonist shall have a right to purchase a home for himself in any part of the colony to which his inclination or his interest may lead him." Mr Coster is persuaded, as we have said, that with some modifications, the New Bruns- wick system will answer here. " As I am more familiar," he says, " with the system of New Brunswick (my native Colony,) than any other, I shall enter at once on the consideration of its Land Regulations ; and I am sure I shall have no difficulty in showing you, Sir, that the most important provisions of the British American Land Regulations are per- fectly applicable to the circumstances of this country, and ought to form part of the Victoria Land Scheme." Mr Coster explains at length the New Bruns- wick system. It may be described briefly as fol- lows : — First. There is no private title to the exclusive occupation of any of the public lands of the colony until they are sold in fee simple : — in other words, there is no squatting. Being a country of unvarying deep forest, there could, of course, be no pastoral squatting, such as there is in Australia. Secondly. The land is sold at a very low upset price— 3s an acre. Thirdly. There are numerous Government land offices, situate in convenient places through out the colony. Fourthly. Public sales of land are held at these land offices every month. Fifthly. Any party desiring to purchase Go- vernment land, may select freely all over the unsold lands of the colony, pay a small sum for a survey at the nearest land office, and have the land put up for sale at once. Sixthly. All land is sold by auction, and none in any other manner. In this it appears that New Brunswick differs from Canada, in which latter colony the land is sold at a fixed upset price without auction. Seventhly. To the extent of one hundred acres, an actual holder may purchase on partial credit, paying 25 per cent, of the price down, and the remainder in three equal annual instalments. Mr Coster thinks that a slight modification of this system would work well here. For ourselves we need not say that we would very materially modify it ; but this New Bruns- wick system certainly contains in it one of the best ingredients of any good system—the right of freely selecting one's land all over the unsold lands of the colony. If not marred by obstructive forms and dilatory processes, no sys- tem can be an entirely bad one in which that principle has place. Give that principle full and free operation, and if it does not wholly neutra- lise the faulty principles that may co-exist with it, it must at least so qualify their operation as most materially to reduce their significance. The following is Mr Coster's view of the pre- sent aspect of the land system in Victoria. In this colony we have a Constitution, but we have not yet a country, and we never shall have one which we can truly call our own, until the Legislature has affirmed the principle, that every colonist has a right to purchase a home for himself in any part of the colony to which his inclination or his interest may lead him. The greatest obstacles to the progress and prosperity of this colony at present are — 1. The undefined rights of the squatters. 2. The restraint which the Surveyor- General imposes on the sale of land, for the purpose of upholding the squatters. 3. The absence of any sys- tem by which the inhabitants can, uuder equitable re- gulations, obtain land, at whatever time and place, and in whatever quantity they require it. I have given my best attention to the proceedings in the Legislative Assembly during the discussions on the Surveyor- General's resolutions, and I very much fear that the Government will succeed in their design of perpetuating the frightful monopoly of land which the squatters now enjoy, and which wars with such desolating effect on the progress of immigration, industry, and enter- prise in this country. If the principle of the 9 th resolution be affirmed by the House, and be embodied in a law, or if power be given to the Government to demise land to the squatters for an acreage rent, without restraint as to area, the doom of this colony is sealed. Every man who sets any value on his exertions, or depends on them for his suc- cess in life, had better leave this country until the next general election, for with such a law as that, carried out by an arbitrary Surveyor-General, progress would be impossible. Emigration from the colony would neces- sarily commence very soon after it were handed over to the squatters, and those will fare best who get away first. If the Government do not intend to leave the runs to the squatters, as at present, why do they ask for the power ? In these resolutions , not a word is said about settling the country by affording facilities for the purchase of land. The object apparently is, not to sell the country, but to lease it. We shall see before long how much of the colony will be leased, and how much sold. I have always heard it said in North America, that the greatest curses which can afflict any country are privileged classes, land monopoly, and the laws of pri- mogeniture and entail. In this colony we have the two last. Pass the 8th resolution into law, and we shall soon have the first ! The duty of counteracting the desperate aggression on the rights of the people of this colony, of which the re- solutions are the first step, devolves on the liberal party in the House of Assembly. That party, although powerful in talent, contains but few men of thoroughly liberal and progressive principles, and even these few do not seem to unite on the great subject of the Crown lands. I will contribute the contents of these pages to the public interest, and whether they are accepted by you or by the people as of any value or not, I shall fee satisfied that I have performed a duty in entering my protest against the framing of a law on the principle of the 8th resolution. In my opinion, Sir, the first thing to be done in fram- ing the land system is, to settle the squatting question, by leasing to the squatters a certain area of pastoral lands *. Then make land regulations, throwing open the re- maining part of the entire colony to selection and sale, on the principles hereinafter set forth. The " principles afterwards set forth " are the principles of the New Brunswick system. * It will embarrass the subject to discuss this question here, and I therefore take up the land regula- tions first. But the great difficulty which lies in the way of instituting any good land system in Victoria is the existence of squatting — the great embarrass- ment what is to be done to get rid of the squat- ters. In the passage just quoted Mr Coster sug- gests that a certain area of pastoral lands be leased to the squatters. He does this on the prin- ciple that a great interest should not be rudely disturbed without making some arrangement to ease the dislocation to which it is subjected. We cannot say that he suggests " compensation" for the squatters : we would perhaps more nearly express his meaning by saying, that he suggests consideration for the squatters. He thinks that in each pastoral run there are to be found tracts of considerable extent, fit only for pastoral purposes, or at least, not of such a quality as for the present to invite the agricul- turist. He thinks that such portions of each run not to exceed a fifth or sixth of the whole area; (such we take to be his idea judging from other passages of his letter) might be leased for, say eight years to the present occupant, the remain- der of the run being thrown open to the public for free selection. We think this is a suggestion well worthy of consideration. The popular party properly so called, are not averse to shewing the squatters any amount of consideration that may be consistent with the free settlement of the coun- try upon just colonising principles, nor are they even pledged against doing this in a shape or to an amount that might be called " compensation," provided the result be to wipe out from the great area of the country that title of exclusive occu- pancy that is so utterly incompatible with any system of free colonisation. But Mr Coster's idea must be carefully distinguished from a very dangerous suggestion that has been ventilated of late, a suggestion that some 40 millions of the acre- age of the colony be at once damned to everlasting pasturage, and given, over in whole regions to the squatter. Shut up like the Duke of Athol's, alike from the sight or tread of man, 14 or 15 millions only being reserved for settlement ! Mr Coster does not purpose to shut up any region, even a small one ; but here and there over the country, he thinks we might cut off from each run, say a fifth or sixth of its area, the part best fit for agriculture, and to lease that to the occupant of the run, opening the other five-sixths to free settlement. It is an idea very well worth discussion as furnishing an appropriate means for showing consideration to the squatting in- terest, without materially interfering with the free settlement of the colony. We give it in Mr. Coster's own words. Let discussion determine its worth : — I maintain that the pmastoral interest ought to be preserved — not by any means to the extent, and in man- ner, as it now exists ; but in such a manner as will preserve it, without in the slightest degree interfering with the most extreme liberality and freedom in the selection and sale of land in this country for many years to come. You, Sir, have shown the people the value of the Orders in Council as the basis of a legal claim on the part of the squatters. No one now—not excepting the squatters themselves — believes that they have the ghost of a claim to protection by any law ex- cept that of general policy. But I think they should, on grounds of public advantage, be offered the chance of continuing their business by a regulation on the fol- lowing principle. It cannot be disputed that there is a vast extent of land in this country unfit, both from quality and situ- ation, for any agricultural purpose. Tracts of this kind of land are spread in patches over the whole colony, and are totally unsuitable for any but pastoral occupation. The ranges, with the steep gullies and narrow flats between them, never could be cultivated. This district, which is in general an agricultural one, abounds with such tracts. It is self evident that, if these lands were fenced, they would carry a third, if not twice as many sheep or cattle as they do now Several runs in this district are already fenced, and many extensive paddocks. I have always heard it estimated by farmers and settlers that in general the fenced land in this district will carry a sheep to the acre. The paddocks about here of 400 to 500 acres, carry a head of cattle to every five acres. The runs in this district may vary in size from 50,000 to 100,000 acres in extent. The runs of the colony are not half stocked, but the squatters manage to make themselves pretty comfortable, notwithstanding their diminished flocks. Now, sir, I propose that a tract, varying in size from 10,000 to 20,000 acres, according to situation and quality, should be laid off from each run in actual use, and rented by the Government for pastoral pur- suits for eight or ten years, according to situation. That these tracts should be laid out so as to include little or no agricultural land, but with sufficient water supply, and then offered for lease by auction, without preference to present occupiers, except as regards the pre-emptive section of 640 acres. Their position would give them quite sufficient advantage over every one else in the competition for these runs. It may seem to many persons that ten or twenty thousand acres is a large quantity to be reserved from sale for so long a period ; but it is a very small por- tion of an ordinary sheep run, and is a mere speck on the surface of the colony. I believe such portions might be laid out and leased without impeding the settlmeent of the country during the present genera- tion, still less for the duration of the lease. I believe that, from some runs in this district, three or four such portions might be leased without prejudice to the agricultural interest, and with great benefit to the revenue of the country, and to the land itself. The land would greatly improve in its productive powers by being fenced. It is on such a principle as this that I think the Squatting question should be dealt with. Much of the land under pastoral license is unfit for any other purpose. The present holders are certainly best pre- pared to occupy it ; and I think that if a Squatter, with his pre-emptive section and homestead, has an opportunity of taking a lease of ten, or fifteen, or twenty thousand acres of land, for a certain term of eight or ten years, at its market value, he has very little to complain of. He would be able to fence his land and to recover from his neighbors half the ex- pense. The runs on the Sydney road actually support many hundred head of cattle more than they are re- turned as capable of doing, because the teams of work- ing bullocks, some thousands of which are always on the road, are successively depasturing on the runs through which they pass. I venture to say, no Squatter mentions them in his estimate of tlie capa- bilities of his run ! Why should a large extent of country be witheld from sale and leased to one man by a tenure which forbids him to fence, while he can only occupy a small piece in the centre of his run, or small patches in localities undisturbed by the traffic of the country ? Confine the settler within the bounds of a tract of land, within a specified area, and let him hold it by a tenure which will make it worth his while to fence it in ; charge him a fair rent for it, and throw open the rest of the country for selection and sale on the Cana- dian and New Brunswick principle. Mr Coster is settled as a solicitor at Kilmore, and his professional experience, which has brought him in contact with most of the land sales that have taken place in that district, en- able him to speak as to the operation of the pre- sent land system in this colony with no small authority. The following are his views : — If I were asked to advise an immigrant how to pro- ceed to get a farm in the Kilmore district at this time, I should not know what to tell him, although I have been concerned in nearly every land sale which has taken place here since May, 1853. In that month I sold for the Government, in one day, land to the amount (not value) of £20,000 ; and I have sold and helped to sell, many thousand acres since. I am con- stantly asked to assist in procuring the sale of land, and have drawn up several petitions, and sent them to the Surveyor-General, who, after the usual corres- pondence and lapse of time, promises the land, and puts it up for sale by the time the applicant has got tired of waiting, and has embarked his money in some thing else. The object of the new system ought to be, to enable every person to know, with reasonable certainty, when, where and at what price, and of what quality, he can get a piece of land in any part of the colony which he may prefer. Such information no man can possibly get in this country, except at Melbourne. If he dances attendance on the Survey office, there he will be shown the return of lands for selection, and will also be told the price, which is not very inviting, as it is always an amount of which some person else has paid ten per cent. to get clear of his bargain in the previous pur- chase. In the absence of any description of, or infor- mation respecting the land mentioned in the return, our selector does not think the chances of getting a good bit of land much in his favor. The colonist of experience incurs just as much difficulty and expense as the new comer. The cost of his journeys to Mel- bourne is a serious addition to the price of the land, and added to the uncertainty of getting the land at all, deters many persons from attempting it. I could mention many instances of persons with and without families who have come to this country with capital sufficient to purchase land, and establish them selves in the interior, but who have been deterred by the difficulties of obtaining land, and have left the country. Six families from my native colony, with whom I am well acquainted, landed in Victoria — became dismayed at the prospects — and, after a few weeks, sailed for New Zealand, where they are now prospering. But it is a waste of time to illustrate by example the apparent and inevitable consequences of a bad law. Mr Coster, while he approves some of the prin- ciples of the Victoria Land League, entirely differs from them as to " the preemptive right ;" but he does so for reasons founded (as we will on some future occasion show) upon an entire mis- conception of what has taken place in the United States, where that right is granted to the agri- cultural pioneer. This subject is too large to enter on it. Mr Coster closes his letter as follows : — I believe, Sir, that if the Land Question were settled on the principles which I have here submitted to you, an impetus would be given to every branch of trade and business, which would surpass tlie expectations of the most patriotic colonist of Victoria. Five-sixths of the land in the colony would be instantly thrown into the market. But unless the Government be re- strained in the quantity of land which they shall be at liberty to lease to the squatters, the present system of favoritism and obstruction will continue. If the squatters are to have as much land, and in whatever place, as they can occupy with their sheep and cattle, paying only £25 per thousand for them, agitation and clamor will never cease till the system is abolished. The Government may say they pay rent ; but the rent is no object. It is put forth as a blind, but it requires no great sharpness to see through it. No amount of rent can compensate for the injury which a land mo- nopoly would inflict on the country. The Squatting question is still as unsettled as ever. The House of Assembly have authorised the Govern- ment to license the runs to the squatters till the land is wanted ! How is the demand to be ascertained, unless the colonists arc allowed to select ? The conflict between the squatters and other classes will be as sharp as over. The Surveyor-General will do as he has always done — viz., favor the squatters and keep back the land. The power which this one man will exercise over the destiny of this country will be enor- mous. He can sell the land or not, just as he pleases. He will have power to license to the squatters every unoccupied inch of the colony, and he himself is the sole judge as to whether there is a demand for its sale or not! He can obstruct, by "official discretion," the great wave of civilisation, and say to it, "Thus far shalt thou go, and no further!" He can dictate the course of settlement and of trade and business, and hold in his hands the fortunes of thousands. What a deity he will be among the squatters ! He can either destroy or preserve by the magic of "official discre- tion. " In short, his power over the property of the colony will, in my opinion, be such as no House of Representatives of the People ought, in justice to their constituents, to delegate to any one man. It is the People who have a right to the land, and they have also a right to say — when and where they require it. We recommend the letter to the perusal of all who take an interest in this " question of ques tions." It is eloquently written, and it suggests still more than it expresses. Even the parts from which we are compelled to differ will provoke discussions and aid in elucidating truth. 