iN'ATIIONAL ANN1VIV 1SAltl ES. ' 'lll" thll ,do N"'venhql hIns..come and goln, : nd a ihlo cl0e.'! It lipgel's on, il3e lst of niur 'ntion1 il nt"yersn'i00, liut 1la( heconmo rather1 Ilte coln0ne11o1r:-1 lion of l'itself lth:nl of antlhilig3 ~lse. It is the mnemory of a mll?mry, thie shadow of a .hade', thie mulisin,_hig ghost of a doeillet celebration. ld Iln .hg Jnmes, with nil his Lords andt Colillnllos at Westmnisteri, hl'een lIlown Ii) sky-lligl, it wolll nlo mo(re hareo trolbl'ed lthe l'preset gener.3'tiol of E1ngliunenn tllan the fclt that " Charlemagne, witll all liS Poera'lge, fell at Fonturlbia." The'I screalnming of a few ragged boys, withl their wlinsicleal change of feeling friom lhltred of the stlltfled conspl'rntor, wholm0 they 're Illnhlt to brlln, to thle begging n pon' br "por 10 old t y " ill tle ]litiful Whiine of nmotdilany ,tli olpen in3g of' a foreilirc'h (1o00s 0to .(ow th. elnptilness withili; and a lilt of' runlit"t Exeter-hall, at whilch aIl sensibld 1people laugllgli--tllese are tile fihrlorn -roneilnts of whant still pretends to be a fiintional commelnoration.l It Vo0't llo ' Tl?e lthllin' has s11nk into tlle dllestl of dell li'cos. It lhas gone ot inl a snf11, and left nothilln hnhind but a llnuisance. :Iven tacking .iing William's arrivdal :3(d1 the providelltiM flight of the second Jl3ames to di13'lp'ovidentllh delivery 1of tloe firlst, cannott keep tile niniversary slire. It still11 flls Iit witlh till except i ti Irish Oranllgemel. .'Thledoulblinig olf thi elll3nmnorantion is 5good tforl little out of Dublin. In L'olon, "glorious :lnd ilmlOrtal memt Ilory," is not good for squibs 0n3d crlcllkers, inulic less folr a llnoper, 1( fict, nIl o01 anlniv'ersalries are slhams. Woe have no0 more grief bfor (Ch1l'les I. tihan woe hlve joy fori lhmes I. A slolIker at In llblic:lneeting tle otlier day referrold to tllohe formelr losing his hIeadl, and the 10ol10 cried out, "Sarvoed him right." Illndeed, there w0s a Calf's-hlillltil not lla"ny ye"i1 s ego ini this mltl0o1oli0. hBut sclchl a mo0de of keeping tlhe "nmllrt.yrdolmn," is it is called, implies more 10 eling than can at thle prcsent day bo founld ill ex istenc. Thie Ipeollelo canro niuch mor about Cromwnell than Chlules.nd thllereo ws.. a 3le(0iny slubscriptiol not long sihce for a l0nlllllnnent to his melmory, when it was fbondl tllat lie was to .lhave no statueo in 1the n3o0w 1ousesof Parliament. It is I3s well for tile Chirchl that there is tlls dlead inllitlerence. Tho blaspllhu 1i33s with 1which it las blac03le3d itself in lie service of the daiy lnvo' a bettoler cliance for ia.ssiig" unluoticld. 'li The re storlatioin has gone into oblivion with lhe decn iitatioli. A few. tipsy bump hins stick onk-ipplbs in tlheir iits biut .tha:t .0does not mlake a natiai'iil allnivr salr'. 'lio. flct. is, iwe e'r not at present, cu'nenlorative pllele. Our hIstoLI y is Ilmgh O 33.1 130,331)bocIneO~ 30 ig:iinlst it, ol1' chlrncter is g"ainst it; ((nd o0r reli0inii is' ii''ailist it. Our liberties l'oe been lllt illp by slow gradlllatioils. Theio haIls boL no sullden ijlrk to Inliko i 1l3arcl.lnl' dily, OVelit or ' 1rso 3 stland 3 o1lit il relief3 . .0 We have Ihad no (0grllt scenic ( flects, like tlhe Iirenlclh e(volltioii, wh00!33 tlio nastille expllolded alndl thel Tellplo. of Liborty rose fromn the r'linl3. 01i' lil'ioress lacks ilson wlicll to 1(:(n1_ coIIIIInU'lmor.ations. \e hi(3ve wor3kcld at our iteedoln for ce3nturies;. w0e are worlkilig at it still; 3lind it, is chliefly by takiing tile rotl'ospect of not less t1lan a celntullry that the il31varic becomecs co lsiciloui. Weo cn no more coininenlorate tile progress tlhn wecan olnmmeinoirnte ethie growth of a planlt or of a child. We ihave not 133lnmlel into freedoih, so that woe can "lloint ollt tllhe lIlace,' lt l keelip thle dl, when it wias done. 'Ther'o -sas ?a?gln Chab(tai, indeedl, blt tlhat w'as the chal'ter of the blrons' riglhts alnd ( not of the sells;', and so it irelliaineld for ages, while.tllo l'olmlation wa0s g'eradually bh comingl free, its lirovisions extendlilg in harnlony w0itlh the prol)'ess of their emnlcilpatiion We "ldlola a spring in ]I)l,), blit wer0e tlirown black again, and 1ha3l not 'et a'e olm1llllilshe 11ll thle i' forillms which tile loll" l'3alliament pro cotel1. Our historf'ias been like that of the nor10l illsctis; workin" illlelu'ecep tibly for ages, till tihe isb l' tl0'ey create 'rises above thie sllrflace ofthe wnters n3d becomes a substantive in thie worlel, n3nd not that of the volcanic netion, whlicl with im:enseo tlhroes and convullsions, llllheaves in a cl3)' a continent from thei 1bottolml of the .ocean. ]n.sl(llc a histolr' the 1'ar'ticulardy, the iarticulir oeventps, antd tIle sudden, striking nndl me0111liorabe changes tlhat shohld form tlhe subject of 'niiers'nary celebration are not to bIe flouid. " Story, Lordbless ye, we have ioene to tell, Sil'." It is the ever'vda listoiry of the light gradua!ll dawninlg ilhe sun grllidusilly rising" and thbel gi'r.iLdually shinig lrighterl iil ( lirightorl so as to ilnsPlire tle anuticipatio of it: nqoonday eflulgence. The character of tihe people is not in fivour 'of anniversary commemorations. We don't exactly kinow Whant to do on them, unless it be to got drunk. Such] observances imply more a'tistic taste and talent thain is et at all common in this country ., lThe Americans are saidl to bb great? in piocessions. They cci tainly did not carry the propeneity with them across ,tho Atlantic. W have little notion of marching- except ifor militaiy ditil: We eanliot be inductd even to form a quteue at the pit or gallery door 'of n thleatre, :but must go i vith ishhelter-sl clter, pellmnell, tob "ho iinininteii .isisl of life or limb. VWe can stoi. at ar the itombfoolery of a L;n'd Mayori's show; but that is at something got up for tus andi we are not: goinig to nriake' a sliow of our esles;. Fngloind hia? an education to go' ,i;'iosk i, 1si to lbii'n to sing and to dance, and to make tableauxa vicants, and .a lhunndied othui'r graceful thingsl, I;fote ] Englnnd can come 'Qlut, which yet, perlahps, she msy do, as a eelll'a tar of poltlar fnni' aersaries. Our religion is by I)no meIians favour nblo to caomnmemora'tivir ceirenmonies. It clherisles nt'iter 'tlohe pono vlhiclh is theirToirm nor the entliusinan wahich is tlheir spilrit. Oin Ioeformntion niltn donced t e arts to tlhe Othlolie Churcelh, :nd loft 1Iopular e'c'itement to ibe waketnedl by the Methodists. What it delilghts in is a i?spectaible stateliness. It la boeen veryb uhincky in its choice of ocensions for nnndd colebration. With a singl excepotion they all carry us backt tothe Stc:t't dynasty, thl ex cc tion being a t snkv-_iving for gettin,' rid of lnthat dynasty. W5e iire to gave thanks for an Stuarnt, mnourn for a Stuart, rejoice with a Stuart, and then bless the Lord tlhat Sttarts are 'for over donu with. Such a rise of the piractice is only to holdl it up to rIdiculo and con tempt. Ibit then the Clfirich will remiind us of itt anntln reoligious conmmenmoration. It keeps Christmas, becing ve.ry tincer toin of the di?, whlich biblicaldcritics have assigned to various seansons, until it has' made tihe tour of every month in the year. Well, we have the Christmas holidtay, it is tree. .And" hovi does theio Chtreli, with thie Ihelp of the State, mntke us keep it? Why, by closing every pIlace of' aluisement, sustaiining its veto upo011 Visiting every collecCoti0 Of the wontlders of nattro antl art; anti in fil?u, redltingig it to a fauiily fensting on roast bcef, ttrkeiy, pIlum iluddingt , anti intice lties. All very good are those ftimily irouions. They are not, how ever, a intional colebration of any thing. Least ft' all can they be re gardted " as a nationol commiiemoration of the incarnation of a Deity ft'or the re detlnltion of the worldl. WVhtetlher much intluence is to be as cribed to iMr. WoVm. Jolhn O'Connell's application to the Lord Mayo r, andl the very sensible andt liberal replly of his Lordship, it is difficunlt to s'y. They were only dealing with a deiunct oex citemente whvlich was not to be galvanii zed into a kicking condition, and hind passed the peridod for a straight jacket. From some of otr daily journals of Tl'hrstlday we should not even have known, save by a mimerical inferencee that the previous liday had actually been the anniversary of Gtlnpowdtler Plot. In otlher Ipalot's, a sinigle brief plaragraphl is all the record. Behold the historical snmmn ry:--"' Tile ith of November hias passedi off this e'ar very quietly in the metropolis. ''ho Guys paraded yesterday were fow in number, and had evitdently taxedt neitlher the invention nor the pocluets of their exhibitors. In the evenini a few fireworks wore fur tively disclarged, buit only to an extent to keep the piolico in a state of healthy excitement." So there's an and of what onice served " to point a moral or tidorn a tale." It is really a "most lame andt impontent conclusioi." One writer attempts to aggrandtlizo this forlorn 5th of November, by reminding us of theobattle of Inkormann. Itwas a resi.staicto, tlhat battle, as bravo antd g'al hlit as it was unsuccessfil. Bnut we harove no iceed to contuneomrateo cases of bIll-dtog bravery in oir soldiers. They are too commnon for thata And in this instanco we' slhoul tulso' be conmmenio ratiig our need of help. frindi allies who "canme over' tile hill," so opportunely; rtd besitdes that, it wouldl be a commne morattion of the blundering of com tinttler's lwho aillowed tltmselves to be taiken. by 1surpeise nind tlio whole anrmy put in pIril by their want of tbreosight. There is, inldeedl, a Iindl of InLkermann cottntemoration to which I sloutl not oblject. Let us keepl in memnory the fthults of Crithenn criminals as well as the tdeedls of Cil'mean heroes. One celebration of the 5th ofNov. therue are some of'us who miss. I means the colmemnorantion of the nacquittal of 'Thomas hardy, tf'ollowed hiy tliat of Iloneo Tonlki, Tilhwall aind the otlher patriots of 17094, which tlemolished the doctrine of constructive trenson, ndt taved the lives of hiuntdetls of llelorm t's. Foi 'sixty yearss it was colibratedl withouit intoerrulption. Somentimes it was kept in a blase of trinmphl ; often, in the carlier years, it had to preserve it self in obscure localities, and with ian avoidance of tihe publicity that smiiht liave been Ipelilous to those who oitedtl. It survivedl, in sccession, the denathls of all its twelve heroes. It strvivod the abolition of those Governmnt intir ferences with jtries whlichl had consti tutedl thie most fornnidabiloe. of their dan'*ers. It survived thet extension of thelibertt.y of thle press, the adoption of the Reform Bill andt thie recogaition by its mover of tlhe need of hIa'rther refotrm'; antlu tlhen, wlhen its original piromoters httI left their workl to an entirely new generatioi, and :ll its prosontal irefer eyclcs hid bectome obsolete, it was litly closcd by i: deliberate act, as having' fulfilled its purpose. Youth hlad been inspired with tie patriotic feeling of their fatlthers andt gratndlhfthers, anti wtotr dismissed to raise tie wari- cry, and to fight tl.e battles of'their own day as their iprogenitors had done belore tllhem. On tlhe eve of tle 5tlh Noveiber Aimerica would lenarn its dostiny in the rrsult of the Presidential election. IThe day will be memorable in its annals, not less memorable, perhaps, than that 4th of July, which msy be called, in reference to past times, tihe model of a national anniversary. WVlat.sights that day has witnessed i WTlhat a hearty nill general abandonment of work for joy ! What glorious gatherings of all classes for tie long procession of fi'e·e citizens! lWhat eloiquent recitals of thie vl'rtls of \Wlashiigtodn ad th rl ciples of the over niemorable Declara Lion of Indecpendlncc! What solemn appeals, by thle ministers of religion to the "(King of Kings" as "tlhe only monarcl to slwhoo we bcndl tihe knee ' Strange is tice lerversity which, with such a day of union, lhas linked tIhe in tecests of iumanlitv to tlc hope ofta dlay of disunion. Accdl that .eally in tl'e roI spet, unnIler ti free States are to ocomeo as srihjctto tithe slrveholdri g !iqure ot tile ,olth as are their orwn rgge'rs. Thie slive .lrncille is Iram pant across the Atlantic; whiile it boats tlhe slave it bullices tie free. TIhr?re seem no bounlllds to its ambition and in soloence. The North andl Soilth mhst rart, or ruin is in store for both; tie wor'st ruin, that of inter;al degradaltion mnd demoralization. American frleedom n1d1 virtue are in worse pleril than ever tile EIgIlish Constttitution was fi'om a :unplowder P'lot. May IIeaven ilavo sent them a lproplitious 4th of Nov. i There is no great melaacholy in tlhe tilhougrht tlhat onr lretended national mnniversaries should be dying out, with nothirin at ircsoent to replace theom. Tire wlrole set is so trlumporly, so obso ieteo, so questionable: s to any real good, so linked with servility and with bigotry, trhat a qnuiet ndl is best for thoem. We icaioe :tleml t to tie Church, thile last re oi't'pf tile sulorlstitious anmd the out Inplt orIt wotill be jjust as reasonable '.o revive the old 'l)olish Calendar, with is saints' days. For our real national Iroliliays, we must loolk, not to thie past, but to the "f'uture. Aund much is yet to be doneo to render thi people fit for national hiolidays. They must redeem tirhemselves frlom, thie brutality of tle booer-pot. They must c letivate a higher dlegree of artitiical anlpreeiation. 'loThey rmist learn to abandon themselves more to simlple and soedral enjoyrent. They nmust study their owen history, anud make their own history. Whenever they do tlat, andl so create a filture out of' tile ipast, their intelligence and energy ren lering tlie record of bye-gdno times the ,naterirli for ensurirn" 'oro"rrs in coming irimes, ther wvill 'tiren es0o Inck of occasions for national anniversaries, or ofi tlre orlities for their wort y celebra tion. 