RELIGIOUS SECTS IN CHINA. TO THE EDITOR OV THE REGISTER. Bit— 1 have read with much interest your leading article in this morning's Register on the social condition of China. Public interest in nnw -u»in» mnw nnii mnm directed to the condition of this very singular people. I think, therefore, that the enclosed epitome of the religious sects of China will be acceptable to your readers. It has been com piled from Davis's China, voL 2, pages 126 to 218 : London edition, 1851. My original ob ject in this brief condensation of nearly 100 pages, was the gratification of myself and a few personal friends. This object will be more than attained by its publication, should you think & of suffi lent general interest to admit it into your columns. I may just add that the author of tho work alluded to above spent 20 years in China, daring which he filled some important official ?ts&ms.; His statement* may therefore be considered as of some authority. ? '.''' lam, Sir, &&,' , COSMOPOLITAN. May 26, 1857. Conituuu. orJUXOg-ioo-ue^irasDoni awrat 5&* b.c, ?ad ni consequently a contemporary of Pythagoras, Zernbbabel, 4c He died In the 73rd year of hU ace. The Chinese trace Mi pedigree back to Hoang.ty, Who lived B.C. 2,000 years, and who wag therefore a contem porary of Abraham. The classical or sacred books written by Koong-foo-lse sad hi* disciples are fonr in number, and are held in the greatest veneratfoa by the Chinese to this day. . . Book L Ta-hco, or ' The School of Adults/* treats of the improvement of onestlf, the regulation of a family, the government of a state, and the role of an empire. This book is remarkable for its brevity. It contains tmrftMng less than 3,000 words. In the 6th section ?* The Beauty of Virtue' is treated ot It poinU out the lmporteaoe ol rectifying the motives or action, and con fgifc thii ffiivhl^ »Bntajoe:— 'Ho who gains the hearts of the people secure* the throne; and he who loses their hearts loses the throne.' Book 2. Choorig.yoong, or Infallible Medium, or, as the French express it, In Juste Milieu. It inculcated the necessity of ' moderation in all thing*.' It recog nises threo classes of character :— 1. The Shing, or in spired, who are wise and virtuous independently ol instruction. 2. The Hein, those who become good or moral by study and application. 3. The Yu, those who degenerate ijto vice i' apito of teaching. Book 3. Lun-yn, or the saying of Koong-foo-tse, re corded by his disciples. 1 1 contains 20 chapters, divided into two equal parts— the Shang (upper), and llea (lower). It states that Koong-foo-tse ' was mild, yet firm; majestic, though not harsh ; grave, yet agreeable.' Being asked by a disciple to define a man of superior virtue, he replied, 'He has neither sorrow nor fear.' And this he subsequently explained as follows:— 'If a man searches within and finds nothing wrong, need he have either sorrow or fear ?' He is stated to have been ' on enthusiastic lover of music.' He held it right for everyone to conceal the faults of those who were nearly related to them. Being asked to express in one word a mixim which should serve through life, he replied, ' Will not the word Shoo serve ?'' This he explained as signifying 'to treat others according to the treatment they themselves would desire.' ' There were,' he said, ' three things to bewaro of through life. The young should beware of his appetites, the middle-aged of bis passions, and the old of covetousness.' Book 4. Mong-tse. This book was written by a dis ciple or admirer of Koong-foo-tse, who flourished about 100 years later. His name was Mong-tse, and hence the name of this fourth sacred book. ? Its contents exceed the aggregate of the other three, and its main object is to inculcate that great principle of Koong-foo-tse— philan- thropic government A few sentences will illustrate its general character:— 'The hearts or the people are the only sure foundation of government.' He who sub dues men by force is a tyrant; but he who subdues them by philanthropy is a king. ' Those who subdue by force do not snbdne the heart.' It teaches that the soil is the source of all wealth, and illustrates the advan tages of a division of both bodily and mental labour. Thus :—'Docs the farmer weave the cloth or make the cap which he wears? No; but he gives grain in ex change.' ' The labour of the.mechanic and of the hus bandman ought not to be united.' ' Some labour with their minds, and others with their bodies. Those wh ? labour with their minds rule, and thoie who labour with their bodies are ruled.' Besides the four sacred books the Chinese acknowledge five canonical works, called King, of each of which Koong-foo-tse was cither the author or compiler. No. 1. Shy- king. This is a collection of about 300 short poems or sa:red songs, seeded by Koong-foo-tse. Most of them illustrate theKuo-fwong, or ' manners of the diffe rent states' into which the empire was then divided. Others were intended to be recited on state occasioua, and treat of the great and virtuous actions of heroes and sa?es. The last portion, called Soong, are panegyrics on the ancestors of the dynasty Chow, then filling the throne, and on the great person ages of antiquity. No. 2. Shoo-king. This book is considered to be imperfect and, consequently, ibscure In many parts. Only 53 sections of 100 remain. It was written by Kooug-foo-tse. It is a history of the delibe rat'ons of two emperors, Yaou and Shun, and of certain ancient kings or rulers, whose maxims are quoted as models of perfection by the author. It contains an ae Munt of a 'general inundation, which some have sup posed identical with Noah's flood. No. 3. Lj-king. This book contains ' rules of propriety in relation to external jonduct;' and insists upon the necessity of stifling jverything like passion or strong emotion in its birth, ind of reducing all to a tranquil, dead level. No. 4. :hun-tsieu. In this canonical book. Koouir-foo Ue. gives .tne history oi nis own times, irom about th* year 750 B.C., to near the death of the philosopher. It con tains numerous warnings to the rulers ol' the country, and inculcates the truvtjmn of the ' ancient kings.' It derives its name from having been commeuced in spring, and concluded in autumn. No. 5. Ye- king. This book is a mystical exposition of what was even then considered a very ancient theory of creation. A peculiar carved figure is given as the masculo-feminine principle in the deyelopement of the mundane egg. It is called Tae keih, and a curved line throughout the centre divides it into the Yang and the Yin— the active and passive, or male and female principle, from which all things were produced. The heaven is rang, and the earth yin ; the sun is yang, and the moon yin, and this distinction is recognised throughout oil nature. Vegetables, minerals, and even number* are yang or yin. l'he odd numbers are yang, the even yin. One of the peculiarities of these ancient writings is their extreme conciseness. They cannot be intelligibly translated without much circum locution. The Chinese editions are accompanied by co pious commentaries. 'Confucius cst toujours grave, sentencieux, lacouique, mysterieux— les lettres y trou« vent tout ce quils veuillent,' says a French writer, who spent half his life in China. Koong-foo-tse admitted that he knew very little concerning the gods, and therefore preferred being silent concerning them. The sages who succeeded him main tained that heaven, earth, and the Siting (the most wise and Tirtnous of men) form a triai, by which mankind were to be instructed. The Chinese believe in an innate moral sense. Mong tse (Mencius), named above as the author of the Fourth Sacred Book, taught this doctrine. 'All men,' he says, ' have compassionate hearts, that feel ashamed of vice, show reverence and respect, and that discriminate between vice and vir ue.' ' Benevolence, rectitude, propriety, and wisdom are not infused from without — we possess them of ourselves.' Tlie State ieligiem of China is founded on the tenets set forth in the above-named books. The Slate worship comprises three kinds of sacrifices :— 1. Ta-sze, or great sacrifices, in which heaven and earth ore worshipped, as the Tien and SLang- ty, or supreme animating intelli gence. The ancient kings are also worshipped or adored in the great Temple of Imperial Ancestors. 2. Chooug sze, or medium sacrifices. In these ceremonials the sun and moon, the gods of the land on;l grain, genii, sages, great inventors, and in particular the god of letters, ore the special objects of worship. The third class of sacri fices connected with the Yu, or State religion, is Seauu ezc, or lesser sacrifice*. The objects of worship (or revcrenec) are the ancient patron of the healing art, spiiits of deceased statesmen, scholars, matters, war riors, military banners, rivers, &c.;, £c. The victims Eacriliced arc oxen, sheep, and pigs ; and the offerings ore principally silk. The victims arc re quired to be whole and sound, and a black colour is pre ferred. Sacrifices to Tien (heaven) are offered at the winter solstice; and to Shang-ty (earth) at the summer solstice. Many of the Jesuit missionaries supposed tl.e State religion to be a species of materialism or atheism. The following extracts from the prayer of Taou-Kuuu^, the reigning Emperor, on the occasion of a protracted drought in 1-.32, would seem to indicate the contrary :— ' I, the minister of Heaven, am plased over mankind, and made responsible for keeping the world in order, and tranquillizing the people. Unable as I am to sleep or eat with composure, scorched with grief, and tremb ing with anxiety, still no genial and copious showers have yet descended. I ask mjBelf whether in Bicriueial ser vices I have been remiss ?— whether pride and prodigality have hod a place in my heart, springing up there unob served? — whether from length of time 1 have become careless in the affairs of Government ?— whether I have uttered irreverent words, and deserved reprehension ?— whether perfect equity has been attained in conferring rewards and inflicting punishments? — whether in raising mausoleums and laying out gardens 1 have distressed the people sail wasted property ?— whether in the appointment of officers I have failed to obtain fit per sons anil therehv rendered irnvprnment Vfiifilinns to tlin people / — whether the oppressed have round no means of appeal?— whether th: largesses conferred on the afflicted southern provinces were properly applied, or the peoplo left to die in the ditches ? Prostrate 1 beg im perial Heaven to pardon my ignorance and dulne»s, and to print ma self-renovation ; for myriads of iuuocent people are involved bj me, a single man. My sins are so numerous that it is hopeless (o escape their con e quenccs. Summer is passed, and autumn arrived ; to wait longer is impossible. Prostrate I implore imperial Heaven to grant a gracioas deliverance.'— Chincte Itepo' titory, vol. 1, page 236. Besides the Yu or State r. ligion, founded on the doc trines of Koong- foo-tse, two others are tolerated in China. The first of these is Fo, or Budhisra. In Canton Fo is pronounced Fut'h. which is probably a corruption of Uui'h. Buuha flourished about 1,000 years B.C., in India. He laboured with uncasing assiduity to reform the superstitions of the Brahmins, who themselves re garded him as an avatar (incarnation) ot Vishnu. About the yeai 65 A.D., Ming-ty, of the Han dynasty, con sidering a certain saying of Koong-footse to be prophetic of tome saint to be discovered in the West, sent emis saries to seek him, which resulted in the introduction of the Budhists and their writings into China. Budha Is believed by the Chinese to have been deified after death, and they worship him as the god Fo. They say ' Fo is one person, Lut has three forms.' These are repre sented in their temples by three distinct gilded images, called ' three precious or pure Budha.%' The five pre cepts of BudhUm, as applicab'e to the priests, are— 1. Do not kill living creatures. 2. Do not steal. 3. Do not marry. 4. Speak not falsely. 6. Drink no wine. The priests live in monasteries attached to the temples of Fo, and support themselves and their system by begging alms. They shave the whole of the head. They have various gradations as to rank. Many of their rites and ceremonials closely resemble those of the Catholics. These are celibacy, fasting, prayers for the dead, rosaries, holy water, veneration of relics, and kneeling to Tien how (the Qaeen of Heaven). The nine-storeyed pagodas of China are supposed to refer to Budha, as the Tiinth avatar of Vishnu. One of the principal peculiarities of Budhism is that it insists on a life of inactivity and pure abstraction as the brst preparative for future happiness. Hence the appearance of the priests is described as semi idiotic. One of them is said to have passed nine years with his eyes fixed upon a wall. On account of ? its ten dency to unfit men for the duties of lite, it is only tole rated, not encouraged, by ths.Statc. Most of the temples of Budha are going to decay. Independent of Budhism, the Chinese attach great im portance to charitable and merciful acts. In a work on 'Merits and Dsmeris,' they are directed to keep a debtor and creditor account of their actions, and to strike the balance annually. On the debtor side arc in cluded the following: — To cause another's death, 100 marks; to reprove one unjustly, X; to level a tomb, 60; to dig up a corpse, 100 ; to cut olf a man's male heir?, 200\. On the credit side are to be placed :— To save a person's life, 100; to repair a road, make a bridge, or dig a well, 10; to cure a disease, 30; to give enough land for a grave, 30; 4c. A Chinese book, entitled ' A complete History of Gods and Genii,' in 22 volume.'', written by a ^physician of China, contains an account of the principal circum stances in the life, death, resurrection, and ascension of the raviour. The facts no doubt were derived from the Jesuits, as the concluding sentence evidently indicates : 'Ten days after (tho ascenBiou) a eelestial god de scended to receive his mother, who also asc:ndea up on hi?h ; being set above tho nine orders she became tho empress of heaven and earth, and th« protectress of human beings.' The paradisa of Fo, orof the Budhists, is thus de scribed:—' Tho bodies of the saints reproduced from the lotus are pure and fragrant. Their countenances fair and well-formed. Tbcir hearts full of wisdom, and without vexation. They dress not and yet are not cold ? they dress, and yet are not made hot. They cat not, and yet are not hungry; they cat, and yet are not satiated. They are without pain, irritation, and sickness and they becane BOt old. They behold the lotus flowers and trees of gems delightfully waving like the motion of a vast sheet of embroidered silk. On looking up wards they see the firmament full of the To-lo flowers falling in beautiful confusion like rain. The felicity of that kingdom may justly be called superlative, and the age of its inhabitant* is without measure. This is the place called the Paradise of the West.' Concerning hell, the Chinese Budhbts believe that the souls of the wicked are first judged in the eonrts of the She-ming-wsBg, or ten kings of darkness. The mer ciful goddess Kuan-yin appears to save from punish ment souls condemned to be pounded in a mortar. Other punishments consist of sawing asunder, tieing to a burning rjillar of brass, &a; Liars havo their tongues mt nnt. rnhtwrj are cast nnon a hill of knive*. and xo on. Alter me inais lac more emuieuuj guou sscena lo Paradise, the middling class return to earth in other bodies to enjoy riches and honour*, while the wicked are tormented in hell, or transformed into various animals whose depositions correspond with their own. The highest motive to (rood is mukti, or absorption into the nature of Fo. Those who do good from the fear of hell suffer various transrolgra'ions until they finally obtain the $ummum bonum, rcukti. The only other religious persuasion in China is that of Taou. It originated with Laon-keun, who was a contemporary of Koong-foo-tse. His followers believe that Lasn-kcun has beem seven times incarnated tinder different name*, from the most remote antiquity dowa to the sixth century. He is regarded as a triad of 'three purs ones,' who presides in heaven amongst the assembled gods, tho sna, moon, stars, and constellation*, and delivering his name, with many epithets of bene volsnce and mercy, to the great bare- footed an^el to be promulgated amongst men, by rccitin- which they may attain infinite happiness. The sect ia by no means nu merous, and its members are said for tho most part to be cheats, charlatans, and impostors. The Chinese are said to be very supcrstitiouF. They believe in ghost* and demoniacal possessions practise various incantations, and have great faith in the virtue Of pertain charms, amulets, spells, and talifm^ 