BERANGER AND EUGENIE. (From the Spectator, 24th January), TSALIJMNY sometimes confers a benefit upon the world | c by the truth it draws forth. It has lately fastened upon strange subjects of scandal-the aged poet Beranger and the Empress Eugenie. A Belgian paper was the organ. According to the story, M. Berenger had become a pensioner of the Empress ; a gentleman who was the agent in conveying U him or alma betrayed his trust by telling the poet the source whence the money came, and in telling him exposed the failing patriotism of the poet. Here was a tale for the scandal-monger-the greatest genius of France, the most independent of her patriots, becom- ing the pensioner of the Empire; the Empress buying up the veteran and M. Perrotin, Strange's publisher, adding to the disgrace of the season by his indelicacy and breach of trust 1 Such was the fiction founded on fact, invented by calumny : the facts are related by M. Perrot in Last year her Majesty, the Empress, feeling un- easy about the health and the circumstances of Beranger, proposed to me, through a person in her confidence, her own secretary, under a promise of the strictest secrecy, that she should pay (o my credit an annual sum the amount of which was to be fixed by me, and which I myself was to give, in my own name, to strangers. The proposal was indeed a royal one, and worthy of a noble heart ; but it for my part had no right to accept it. It was only Beranger who could have a right to do so and when I had obtained permission to inform him of the proposal which had been made, he entirely approved of my conduct, saying that he should not have understood my conduct for had acted otherwise. He did more than this; he wrote me a letter in which he expressed, in excellent terms, the gratitude which at the bottom of his heart he felt for the kindness that had been shown him and he added, that he had never been richer than he was at that moment that he had never needed a larger income and that his gratitude was the more sincere since he did not accept the benefits with the offer of which he had been honoured. This is all that has taken place upon the subject.' Surely nothing can be more creditable to every one of the persons engaged than this plain story. That any one should read the French language and not love Beranger, is a moral impossibility. He has managed more than one miracle. He has contrived to reconcile the anti-Semitic wit of Voltaire with a true vein of piety ; for the sceptic and the moralist may be equally charmed in reading ' L* bon Dieu.' He has lived through all the changes of a very long life in France, and preserved a perfect consistency ; perhaps because throughout the changes, from the absolute King to the absolute Emperor, through Revolution, Empire, Restoration, Constitutional Monarchy, and Republic, be has been true to nature and Parnassus. If our allies will permit us, however, we may whisper the greatest miracle of all that he has accomplished in that difficult country. The most musical of living tongues is conspicuous for the licentiousness of its versification ; the extinguish- able music of Italian permitting every license of nile, without incurring the rythm. There is no grades and Farnassum' so formed and so unspeakably tedious as the French, from the excessive slowness of its rules. The secret is confessed by an eminent living French writer-' French has no prosody :' hence the complication of the machinery needed for twisting it into verse. It is not only started, it is shored up. Imagine the hopeless task of sending a language of without prosody, not only into poetry, but into verse Danger has performed the miracle. In the most artificial of cities he has preserved the freshness of nature in the most changeful of times, consistency of principle and hearten the most revolutionary wit, generosity and trust in belief. Not to love Beranger, is to disclaim France ; not to be touched by his verse, is to be neither man nor woman. To learn that such a man was suffering from the ills of penury, must naturally provoke an impulse to aid him. The Empress had the means; her countenance shows the graces of her heart : and the manner of seeking to convey her aid proves that she has read Beranger with a perfect understanding of his sensitiveness as well as of his independence. As to the share of the agent in the transaction, he equally showed his respect for the Empress's generosity and for the moral lights of the poet Nothing could be more manly or more conscientious. When James the First offered a pension to Bon Jonson, the independent poet spurned the offer. What independent man would have accepted bounty from the shuffling pedant ? But Eugenic is not James the First, and certainly Beranger is not Ben Jonson To decline the offer was consistent with the simplicity of the man; to have spurned the feeling would have been inconsistent When Alain Chartier was kissed by his Queen, he did not disgrace the dignity of his genius by playing the pride. Peace Principles in the Ninth Century Basil, the Macedonian green, and the founder of the Bavarian dynasty at Constantinople, was succeeded by Leo VL, his reputed son. Leo the Philosopher reigned twenty six years. He was learned, but pedantic. He was a poor poet, and an indifferent astrologer. He was less scrupulous in his morals than Basil ; but he was so strict Sabbatarian that he prohibited what had always hitherto been allowed, agricultural labour on the Sunday. He was magnificent in his tastes, and he had a stupendous appetite for brides : this weakness has been saûrically.noticed by his son, Constantine Porphyroge runs, -For gold and jewelled promoted priests to come minds in the army, and nominated laymen to ecclesiastical offices. His quarrels with the Patriarchs were numerous, and he was once met by the chief digni- tary at the gates of the cathedral and forbidden to enter. He turned back, but slipped in at a private door, to the immense delight of the congregation He, too, built churches while the Saracens wen devastating his territory. So thoroughly were the peopled possessed by the ' Peace principle,' which has no regard for national honour, that, while the Saracens attacked and sacked Thessalonica, the foolish citizens, more friends to their enemy than to themselves, calmly sat down and left everything to St. Demetrius. When Leo was compelled to call in the Russians to his aid, he found allies mon treacherous and cruel than his enemies the Saracens His death, a natural one, brings us to the reign o-' Alexander. This Emperor was a wretched set, c miserable streamer, and so superstitions as to seriously believe that the statue of a boar in the Angora was MR own genius, Monarchs Itelireclfiom Business. By Dr. Doran. An lnsomjibie.-1 The Russian Ambassador, M. de Kourckin, visiting the prison of St Lazare, had, his snuff-box in his hand at the moment that he " entered that portion of the prison in which women were confined for theft. One of the women, seeing it, fell into fits. After she had been brought round, she was questioned as to what had had such an effect upon her. It is so frightful,' she said to see a snuff-box of gold and not to be able to take it' The Prince said, smiling, ' it is impossible to alter the vocation of some people ; this one has the further fault of an exceeding sincerity. Memory s by Charles Maurice, in Bentley) Miscellany. American Oiionchns.-'In preparing and pushing forward the various measures which they deem essential to the consolidation and extension of their power, the slaveholders have one great advantage over the honest Republicans of the North, in their greater knowledge and more unscrupulous use of the demagogues and electioneering agents by whom the ignorant Democracy is managed. While they are united as one man upon every question which relates in the slightest degree to their two thousand millions of dollars' worth of property, and while they scruple not to hang or bran, or at the very least to expel from their dominions any person who dares to call in question the character of then ' domestic institutions, they find no difficulty in obtaining unprincipled scoundrels and reprobates of every grade to debauch the Democracy of the North, to inspire the poor with hatred of the rich, and to draw such lessons from that very degradation and demoralization which they have done so much to produce, as in some degree to warrant their assertion that 'free society is a failure. In the first French Revolution the weapons of the Girondins were political philosophy, respectability, and eloquence. The Republican party of the United States possesses all these. It is impossible to glance over a Boston or New York paper without perceiving that the best men of New England are all on the side of justice and freedom. But the party to whom they are opposed possesses one quality which, we fear, will be too strong for respectability and eloquence in a revolutionary epoch like the present It has audacity, and that quality has a wonderful influence over the American mind at all periods How much greater must that influence be in a period of crisis non- British and Foreign Quarterly. Anecdote of Dr. Johnson.-At tim tea-table he had considerable demands upon his favourite heroic age, and I remember when Sir Joshua Reynolds, at my house, reminded him that he had drunk eleven cups, he replied, ' Sir, I did not count your glasses of wine, why should you number up my Cups of tea ?' And then laughing in perfect good humour, he added, ' Sir, I should have released the lady from any further trouble if it had not been for your remarks, but you have reminded me that I want one of the dozen, and I must request Mrs. Cumberland to round up my number 1 When he saw the readiness andcompla-, money with which my wife obeyed his call, he termed, a kind and cheerful look upon her; and said, < Madam, I must tell you for your comfort you have escaped much better than a certain lady did a while ago, upon' whose patience I intruded greatly more than I have done on yours i but the lady asked me for no other purpose but to make a way of me, and set me gabbling to a parcel of people I know nothing of; so, madam, I had my revenge on her, for 1 swallowed five-and-twenty cups of her tea, and did not; treat her to as many words I can only say my wife would have made tea for him. as long as the New River could have supplied her with water. < \- the The House was Haunted. The age of superstition has not yet departed for during the past week strange rumours were afloat, that the old Bull and Dog Tavern, in the High s to get, Sunderland, was haunted by the ghost of the late landlord,, Mr. Barron, who died suddenly a short time ago, without a will, leaving property to the amount of £16,000, which it is said will revert to the Crown. Several superstitious persons openly asserted that they had seen the spectre n various shapes, and it was also stated that the people of the house were afraid believe in it, and that the relations of the deceased had offered a reward of £100 to any two men who would sleep In tHe house, and guard them from the entrance of the fearful apparition. So great was the credit accorded to these rumours, that two stalwart fellows, from Mr. Hartley s glass works, offered to stay in the haunted house, but they were not admitted...- On Wednesday night, soon after dark, people began to assemble in front of the house and about eight o'clock it was estimated that there could be no fewer than 3000 personseocupied in gazing at the window of the haunted house. About nine o'clock, the shadows Of two gigantic figures, strangely attired, one armed with a battle-axe and the other with a sword, were thrown upon one of the window curtains, and believed to be the forms of visitants from the spiritual world. The spectres engaged in a furious combat, which lasted some time. At length the swordsman passed his weapon through his antagonist's body, whereupon the women in the crowd uttered loud shrieks. We are informed that the spectres seen at the Window were officers of an Odd Fellows Lodge meeting in the house, and that, the combat was a lark got up by two of the brethren after the lodge had closed. Sunderland Times. The Four Orownless Kings of Sardinians ther (our Sovereigns of Sardinia who died crownless, one alone, Victor Amadeus I. descended from the throne; voluntarily, and he repented of listening to his will Foreign invasion drove Charles Emanuel from his Continental possessions and while the resolution of Victor Emanuel, not to gratify his people with a constitution, cost him his crown, the attempt of Charles Albert to establish constitutional sovereignty in Italy, was followed by a similar result Neither of the Kings of Sardinia would have found himself reduced to the necessity of laying down his sceptre, had be on starting on his career, remembered the injunction i of Euripides, that " a king should remember three tmngs-.-that he governs men, that he is bound to I govern them according to law, and that he will not govern them for every Had they remembered this, they would not have died with " Sardinia tincture" on their cheeks blushing with shame at their failures 7," eiC>fa,,<-Monard* Retired from Business. By Dr. Doran. 