THE PROSPECTS OF COLONIAL EDUCATION. THE moans of education in New South Wales aro assuming simpo and substance, notwith- standing tho suspension of a definite measure for tho -general training of Ute masses. Tho " National" and " Don.ominatiorial" Systems still koop .their rivalry up, and hold, in appear- ance, tito -same ground as heretofore ; but the support of contradictory systems out of the public purse is condemned pretty generally now ; and it is admittedly tho Government and by the Opposition alike, that one system must be substituted for tho two. Tho actual systems are, thcrafo *, while outwardly vigorous, caly biding their time, for the introduction of one truly national because, exclusively so. There is accordingly a (full belief prevalent, that this ¡ heterogeneous mixture is doomed, and '. that we shall «ooh have a chango of ¡some valuo, -if not of all the value* ?tho caso demande. Although, therefore, ais appearance thia, department of edu- cation seems the samo, so mo important alteration assuredly impends, and next year, whoever may be in power, will witness its , development. It must be so, it can hardly be othortviso. The othor educational echemos aro, ' most of thom, getting consolidated. The " Teachers' . Association " is one of the Bigns of progress, and will bo a.main auxiliary in tho strengthen- ing of a healthy tendency. AU tho private and proprietary schools aro improving in character, doubtless under tho Btimu1atin<i influence diiYused by tho University. In this rospeot, i even if it failed in direct benoflt to society, that ! groat institution deservos woll ol' the public.; Attention ought to bo dirootod to this In- fluence, and credit given to it, ns a ohiof part of tho purpose of such an establishment. It is not tho moro numbor of students and soliolnrs already produced, or being produced, in - its lecture rooms, that contains tho sum of its morits. Not for a moment can any correct observer doubt, that the characters 1 and standards of private schools in the colony have been most materially raised since tito University came into operation. Of course it is not to be denied, that they require to bo raised still much higher ; but the thing is pro- gressive, and tlie progress has commenced, and has not been contemptible. Admitting this then, tlie education of the colony looks hopeful. Tho Grammar School, will soon commence its work in the same great field, under masters of high educational reputo and qualifications. It will possess facilities, such as have never been ^possessed by any establishment of the kind in this colony, since the palmiest days of i'the Australian College, and will bo the grand nursery for the University. Side by side with this, King's School, Parramatta, will grow into great importance. Already its reputation tinder Mr. ARMITAGE is becoming established, its whole character , having been expurgated and changed under the new 'management. It will be equal to a collegiate school of Government foundation. We men- tion this school merely because of the inauspi- cious name it always bore under former management, and the necessity there is that its improved character should be duly appreci- ated. We have special reference to the aid it may render to colonial education in general. The Sydney - University was inaugurated October ll, 1852. It has now had five matri- culations, besides. one, we believe, occasioned by an alteration of the annual admission from October to. February,. last year. Two sets' of graduates have accordingly proceeded from its halls. . Its actual number of students is, we are informed, nearly the ? same -as it : had' the first year; but there is a moro' fixed and, determinate character about the; recent admissions than the students of .the first year brought with them, and they accord- ingly give the. University a higher groiipd of hope.' We infer this from tho fact that we have already stated, tho improveàient of thé' pre- paratory schools, in which pupils have been making up their minds in a much more deliberate manner than before. We infer it also from the factSj.th'at < some bf the students belong to St'. Paul's College, a corporate affiliated body, and others have distinct professional intentions in matriculating. Such circumstances; givotan air of stability -to the. classes to, which they belong, and must furnish to tho professors a moré solid material to work upon.. ? The colony has now had'sufficient experience of the excellent" qualities arid laborious zeal of, tho., three -professors, to enable . it to place the highest confidence in their exertions. Their1; task1, hitherto has been no enviable on e?" They have been engaged, like early settlers,, in breaking up virgin soil; and cu ta- ting down primeval forests. The ultimate results of such labour may be speculated upon, but cari hardly be estimated. No one eon te.ll how many trees : in five hundred years shall spring from the solitary acorn he now deposits in tho ground. : : What these gentlemen are 'döingj valuable as it has already been to n few young minds, is little more than teaching tho ABC of future literature and science in the colonies. Personally, their toil maybe almost thankless, little' appreciated by the public, arid-little praised ; but it must not, on that account,: be misjudged, i .Their successors will ¡ reap its fruits,-and its benefits will be boundless. .. - , '.:":' There is . ono point connected with this matter of education generally, and especially of tho education provided by our University already and of thé Grammar School prospectively, on which wo cannot withhold n word of regrets-we had almost said reprehen- sion.' Wo allude to the' practice of sending young people to Europe to be educated. When this ; thing was indispensable because the requisite means did not exist here, nothing could be said against it other than that both the physicál and moral hazards of it were great. Those physical and moral hazards still con- tinue the same. The English climate. does not suit the young Australian constitution, as too many futal cases have shown. The moral injuries which.assail a solitary youth, removed fifteen or sixteen thousand miles from home, at Oxford . or Cambridge, are but too well known. Besides these things there is the dissolving of that educational association by which, the youth becomes a true patriot, an earnest lover of his country. , It is of incal- culable importance that - young Australians should be trained patriotically, which cari be done successfully only on the spot. We have no sympathy, with those, who having ruade their fortunes here go to spend them in a country to us foreign, and to make their chil-, dreri English rathor \ than Australians. The thing .wears an aspect not- quite equitable, certainly .not grateful, and above all not generous. But it; looks worse now than ever it did before. Thora is now no nocessity for it. Immense funds are devoted by the State to provide an education of the h i ghost order, of which tlie actual generation is capable. All colonists, who desire advantages from this country are bound to give practical effect to - the institutions in which that, «dû cation is embodied, and to encourage those who are engaged in working them. We main- tain that this is the, right way to maka this country .what/it ought to be. If all youth were to be sent out of the colony, asàt is the ten- dency of this practice to cause to be done, of what use would be these great institutions, and tho labours of their learned professors ? English as we are, wo have chosen to bo Aus- tralians, anil think we ought to m ak o our chil- dren so. Let. them then be educated on the spot, .and wo believe they will be ho losers by . that election. : 