THE' THREATENED COMET. Professor Magrini, of Milan, publishes in the Milan Gazette of the 23rd, a dissertation on the probability of a collision of the earth with a comet. After giving a general and popular description of comets and of their matter, as far as science has been enabled to ascertain its nature, ho mentions the nearest approach of a comet to the eartli ever recorded, which occurred in 1832, when Biela's comet actually crossed the earth's orbit at a point which the earth reached a month later ; but by that time the comet was already at a distance of 20,000,000 of miles. The professor then referred to Olber's calculation, showing that the probability ot our eartli s collision witn a comet is in the ratio of 1 to 281,000,000 ; and then re plied to the argument that, however small the probability, that does not exclude tho possibility of such a catastrophe in our time. The matter of comets, he observed, is so extremely thin that stars are seen through their tails or comoo, twink ling with their accustomed brightness, and that, according to some astronomers even the nucleus of a comet is transparent. Hence, even sup posing a shock to occur, it would be so ex tremely slight, that most probably we should not be aware of it. If the mass of comets were considerable, their attractive power must be manifested by causing tides, as the moon does ; and as such phenomena have never been observed during the time comets were visible, this is a certain proof of the small ness of their masses. M. Magrini next confuted all the popular errors respecting the infiuenco of comets on the seasons, the harvests, etc., and then said, But might not one of those immense tails, four or five millions of leagues in breadth, and forty or fifty millions of leagues in length, invade I our atmosphere Might not the attraction of the earth draw a portion of them towards us ? Astronomy does not authorise us to deny the pos sibility of such an occurrence, and its effects .would depend upon the nature and abundance of the new matter ; certain it is, however, that we hare not had occasion as yet to record any event of the kind ; and the connection which some have attempted to establish between the apparition of comets and the motion of the heavenly bodies being without any reasonable foundation, it would not be wise to entertain any apprehension of what at best is but a mere possibility. M. Babinet, of the Institute, in a scientific ar ticle in the Debats, denies that |the comet of Charles V. ought to be positively expected this year. He says : — It must be declared that never was tho panic, felt by some persons in Paris, at the supposed approach of a comet, more gratuitous than at present. Positive science does not announce any extraordinary phenomenon. Of the four comets whose movements are known with certainty by astronomers, not one will ap pear this year, and their course, perfectly mapped out, shows them to be very inoffensive bodies. I have just learned from the illustrious Lord Brougham that our moral cholera has not pene trated into England, and that no apprehension is felt in that country at the idea of the comet appearing. And now let me just say a word or two respecting that luminary which astronomers expect between 1856 and I860. When, in 1680, Fontenelle was writing his little comedy of tho comet, which would almost seem to have been made for the middle of tho nineteenth century, Newton and Halloy applied the theory of attrac tion to the movement of these eccentric luminaries, and realised the prediction of Seneca : — 'Posterity will bo astonished that we could have been ignorant of such simple matters !' Since that time, all serious alarm has disappeared beforo the knowledge of the laws which regulate the movement of these light nebulosities, and when afterwards the telescope showed us comets to be a collection of matter a thousand times, a million of times, a million mil lion of times, less compact than the air in which we live, it was no longer possible to feel alarm physically at a comet more than at a ghost, for one has not much more consistence than tho other. Halley, who studied and published his discoveries in Newton's time, endeavored to find out if amongst all the comets mentioned by his torians there was not some one which had re turned at fixed periods, so as to shew that the same body came back towards the sun, after having departed from it and been long invisible. His in vestigation proved successful, as the comet of 1682 offered several successive advents, and Hal ley, after having predicted its return in 1759, ex pressed a hope that if his prediction proved suc cessful the discovery should be fairly attributed to an Englishman. Posterity confirmed his claim when the ? comet again made its appearance in tliat year, Dunthorne and Pingre, following the course of investigation pointed out by Halley, had remarked that a very brilliant comet, which had appeared in 1264, resembled exceedingly in its march that which had so alarmed Charles V. in 1556. They attributed to that comet a period of nearly 300 years, and predicted its return in 1S48. All the compilers of astronomical books, with Lalande at their head, duly enregistered this return of a heavenly visitor coming every three centuries to see how tne eartu was progressing, jtsut in la-its no comet; appeared ! As that of Halloy had been retarded in its reappearance in 1759, the world took patience, but one year, two, and even three passed over, and still no comet came. In 1851 Sir John Herschel, in his Outlines of Astronomy,' wrote as follows: — 'Although at the moment when I write the comet which was to appear in 1848 has not yet been seen, we must wait at least another year before looking on its recurrence as a despe rate affair, for tho effect of planetary perturba tions can cause infinitely greater discordances than that. Recently theBe perturbations havo been the subject of calculations, and M. Romme, of Middleberg, in Zealand, has dona for that comet what Clairaut and his fellow laborers had effected for Halley's in 1759. M. Bomme has calculated a delay of ten years from the effects of the planets Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, the earth, Venus and Mars. But there remains an uncertainty of two years, more or less, as to its next return, which otherwise would take place in 1858\. Thus tne comet ougnt to reappear oecween the present time and 1860, but nothing whatever authorises any one to affirm that that it is to come this year more than in 1885, or in 1869, or in 1860. All we know is, that by the last named year we shall behold it.' Wamachian Female Costume. — 'The women seemed bashful ; they were certainly shy and not pretty, and it struck me that some of them would have been the better for soap and water. Their dress, which was that common amongst their class in Wallachia, consisted of a shirt, fastened round the neck and completely covering the upper part of their persons. From the waist downwards they were dressed like the women of nearly all countries — that is to say, they wore a lot of petticoats ; but above the waist the chemise was their only covering. This costume has rather a striking effect, until one gets used to it. To very well-made women, who do not require the support of the corset — and many such are to be found amongst the Wallachian peasantry — it is far from unbecoming, since it displays the contour and graces of tho form far better than any artificial tightening ; but in the case of women past a cer tain age and who have been addicted to bearing, stays are missed, and the coup d'ceil is by no riieans satisfactory. The shirt is sometimes of a material which, without being indecently trans parent, allows a slight flesh tint to transpire ; hut these shirts aro usually thickly sprinkled with stars or other devices worked in gold and silver and this is, I believe, considered the strict national costume. The usual ornaments of the women of the lower classes are gold and silver coins, and even the mixed metal piastres. They are pierced and strung, and worn as necklaces, and also in the form of a sort of cap or broad circlet over the hair. In full dress, a Wallachian peasant girl thus usually carries her dowry on her person. The temptation of these rosaries of ducats and dollars sometimes proved too strong for tho virtue of the Austrian occupants of the Princi palities ; and many stories did I hear, too many of them well-authenticated, of poor girls being stripped of their little fortune by the rude hand of a brutal Kaiserlich.' — Blackwood's Magaxint. 