SYDNEY NEWS. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Tuesday Evening, December 15. The cauae of the accident which occurred on Sunday night to the Lawrence Urawa, baa bean investigated by the Pilot Uoard, and I regret to tay has reaulted in the tutpanalou of the Pilot wbo had charge of her, and bia entire ditmliial from the service it tpoken of ai certain. Tbia waa one ol Ibe newly made pilots, and only the lecond veasel he bst bad charge of tinco obtaining the appointment. The damage euiulned by the Lawrence Brown li only trifling. Tbe Yanquiib, schooner, arrived from Geelong thli morning, having left Port Phillip Head!, oa Friday atlemooti, till» waa one day eubtequent to the departure or the Boomerang, up lo which time the mall ateamer Eau had not arrived ; ao that ihe can scarcely be ex- pected under any circumatanoea to reaoh Sydnoy boforo to-morrow. The opening of tho Exchange will take place on the SOtli (natani, on which oocaalou a ball on a grand scale nill be given, Tbe Lawrence Drown hu brought aquanlllyof plant, and machinery for the Nencaitlo Cual and Copper Company, Scarlatina is very prevalent In Sydney just now amongst children ; severai have died of it lately, and I have heard of two or three cases in whioh adults have been attacked with the complaint. Stope are being taken to raise labtcriptloni toward! defraying the lan expenses of Mr. Ormsby, Junior, In- curred through hil recent grots auault on Mr. Parkes. The Monica baa been chartered by Colonel Robblne to oonvey bonei lo India, the li now alongside the wharf-will thlp 190 and proceed to tea In about a week. The election of Auditore to tbe Olly Corporation took place to-day: the voting being by ballot the actual reault cannot be made known until to-morrow, but li li generally supposed that tbe old Auditor*, Melin. Simpson and Huyera will bo returned. There are tire candldatea in the field. The arrísala to-day are, the Vanquish, from Geelong! Jeasle, from Sydney, and Dart, tram the South Sea Iilande. iMooLVBNor.-CertiScttes of dliobarge were granted to Louis Macdonald nnd Jean Ouion. The application of Robert N. MoDlarmld waa poilponed till Monday next New Insolvents.-George Emmetts, of Hunter's Hill, gentleman. Liabilities, £.5014s. lid. Asiets perional property and moneys. £150 ; debts due, £90. Deficiency £276 Us. lid. Official assignee Mr. J. P, Mackcnsle, Frederick Woodlot, Cumberland-street, butehor. Liabilities, £838. Aueta, £42 IBs. û%4. Deficiency, £289 12a. oUd. UUlclal assignee Mr. A. WUion. _ MUNDOORAN.-MIRACULOUS ESCAPE.-A cor- respondent Mundooran writes as follows: On Wednesday evening last, Mendooran was visited by a thunder storm of a most terrific character, though of short duration; A young man named Noel was standing on the bank of the River when a flash of lightening struok a large apple tree and tore the bark off in a series of circles; Noel, who was standing about five feet from the tree, was knockod down by the forco of tho concussion, and for some time was in a state of insensibility ¡ fears were enter- tained that life was extinct, but by prompt at- tention he recovered.-Dec. 4th. -Mudgee Newspaper, Dec, 8. ' CARELESS DRIVING.-Yesterday, shortly be- fore eleven o'clock a.m., a young lady, named Byrne, was knocked down and run over on the road fronting St. Mary's Cathedral, by a horse id gig. Tliore were two lad« in the vehicle, ho appeared to be quite incapable of manari- ng the horne-the animal first running to one ,ido of tli© road and_ then the other, tims ren lering it extremely difficult for foot passengers. ;o get out of the way. Although warned of" ;ho consequences, the driver, without attempt- ing to pull tbo horse up, continued his headlong oareer, and throw Miss Byrne to the ground ; one of tho wheels of the gig passed over both legs, and she received a severe contusion on the' head. Streaming with blood, and covered with dust, she was taken home to her father's resi- dence in George-street. Dr. Foucart, who hap- pened to bo passing at the time, humanely rendered what assistance he could. The perpe- trators of this criminal act are known ; one of them was, ire bolieve, taken into custody.- , Empire, Die 14. THE_ SVDXET WATERWORKS.-The ceremony of laying tho foundation stono of the new , ongine-bouso for the future supply of water to the city of Sydney, took placo on Saturday, at the Botany works, in presence of tho Minor, the Aldermen, and Corporation officers. The ' stono was laid by tho Mavor, as Post Master ' Mason, associated with Alderman Murphy, as Grand Senior Wardqn. In the speech which he made on the occasion, tho Mayor stated that tho Legislature had voted £200,000 for the work in hand ; that £137,000 had been ex- ; pended, and that tho £63,000 remaining would suffice to completo the works, including the two reservoirs, in Crown-street, and near the Fofl dington Barracks ; that the completion wa» ex. '' pocted in ten months ; that the average supply would bo 10,000,000 gallons of water daily; and that tho works would supply 250,000 per- sons, each consuming 30 gallons a day. He also stated that there would be an abuntfant supply for watering the streets ; and tbat the erec- tion of fountains was contemplated. After the conclusion of the ceremony the party adjourned to the Sir .loscph BankH Hotel, to partake of a cold collation provided by the Mayor. Abridged from the S. M. Htrald, Dec. 14. STRUCK by LIUUTNINO.-A correspondent of tho Herald, who «as struck by ligbtmngduriog the recenthcavv_ thunder-storm, in Sydney, thus describes his sensations :-Daring the storm, I was seated by a window engaged in writing, and when it was at its height, a most vivid flash of lightning followed, or rather accompanied bv a terrific thunder peal, entered the room by the window, forcing tho pen with which I was writing (a metal one) from the holder, which it broke, wrenching off the back of the chair on which I was seated, and throw- . ing mo with violence to tho ground. I lay for . some moments incapable of movement, and language is inadequate to describe fully my sensations. The walls of the room appeared oscillating, and my whole body to be an inert and shapeless mass. On beingablo to more, I found tue whole of my left side useless, being -, perfectly paralysed, in which 6tate it remained.. tor many minutes.. The electric fluid passed from mo to tho opposite wall, which is stripped of its plaster, and penetrated the brickwork ' upwards of an inch in depth for a length of five feet, cutting it as completely as if done by a chisel ; it then passed from the apartment. ' My wife, who was seated, near mo with an infant of only a few weeks' old in her arms, received a sovere shock, but, with the child, was otherwise happily unharmed, as wero also my elder ' children, who nero in an adjoining apartment. Kvor since I have bean, and continue in a state of extreme nervousness, and can scarcely recall the scene without feelings of terror. GOULBURN_THE WEATHER.-During Tues- day night a small quantity of rain fell, and on Wednesday wo were visited by a sovere storm of thunder, lightning, and rain. On Thursday tho air was cool and refreshing, hut yesterday, a hot wind prevailed, and tho heat was again oppressive». Tho instruments at the hospital record the follow ing variations of temperature during tho week :--Maximum heat in the shade -Saturday, 73'U; Sunday, 85-0 ¡ Monday, 87.0; , Tuesday, 93-0 ; Wednesday, 82-5 ; Thursday, 71-5; yesterday, 95-0. Minimum heat at night -Friday, 470; Saturday, 51-4; Sunday, 48'S; Monday, 49-0; Tuesday, 57-3; Wednesday, 56-5; Thursday, 57'0. During tbo week, rain descended to tue extent of one quarter of an ' inch. Nearly tho whole of this quantity fell on Wednesday.- Goulburn Herald, December 12. DEATH "FROM Dnow.viNo.~-An inquest was held yesterday, at the Kings Arms, Lower Georgo-streot, touching the death of a seaman belonging to the Granite City, named Garvin Ridalar. It appears that deceased had occasion to go into the head of the vessel on Thursday night, tit, or about 10 o'clock, and is supposed, w hilo partially under tho influence of liquor, to lnwo fallon overboard. After having been in the water about eight minutes ho was taken out in u verv exhausted state. He lingered on until tbo following morning and then expired. Ono of the witnesses swears distinctly that a Witter Polico constable acted in a most cruel and inhuman manner, standing by and not only . not offering to assist in saving the drowning man, but oven threatening to cut the witness (Charles Fox) donn for going into the boat to rescue deceased from a watery grave. Were this statement anything short of evidence -. solemnly taken on oath, we should believe it in- credible ; as tho matter stands at present, the ; character of tho Wuter Police as a body demands that tho charge against this individual consta- ble be inquired into. The following is the verdict-"Died from partial drowning, acce- lerated by intemperance."-Empire, Dec. 12. SHOCKS OF AN EARTHQUAKE.—On Thursday last, about ten o'clock, a.m., the shock of an earthquake was felt at Gunning, and a second one was experienced about two o'clock on the same afternoon. It was felt at the west of Gunning and southward as far as Ben Barker's at the Run of Water. Persons residing about two miles the other side of Lodge's state that their hut appeared to sway from side to side. The direction the earthquake took was east to west. The atmosphere was sultry and not a breath of wind stirring.- Goulburn Chronicle, December 9. LOOAL IMPROVEMENTS.-Notwithstanding tho dullness which has, for some time past pervaded the general business of tho town, local improve- ' menu in the shapo of buildings aro proceeding apace. Private residences and small tenements aro rising rapidly in all quarters, and with tho prospect of the Wesloyan, Presbyterian," and Catholic Churches, being speedily commenced, the trades immediately connected with building operations are particularly brisk. Brickmakers, for instance, have very busy times, their kilns being scarcely oool ore they are torn to pieces and carted away to various quarters of the town. Bricklayors are also fully employed, and will shortly bo busy as beos. Carpenters, painters, and glaziers, also appear to bo considerably in arrear of their work, and when the great under- takings above alluded to aro sufficiently adt . vanced to roquiro tbpir services will be most abundantly employed. Altogether the trades» , pcoplo of tho town have tolerably brilliant prospects for a few years to como.-Bathurst Free Press, Dec. 9. ON SUSPICION OF MURDER.-On Thursday, Constables Leonard and Fletcher, arrested in town, a man named Phillip Kelly, alias John Wilson, on suspicion of having committed a' murder in Gipps Land, some three years back. - Leonard it appears has known Kelly for some 7 or 8 years. He was at Bombala, when infor- mation was received by the Chief, Constable s. there, that a warrant had been issued for"; Kelly's apprehension. Kelly was at Bombala, at tho time, but absconded, and has since been _ at large. The accused was brought up at the Police Court, yesterday, before the Polioo Magistrate and Mr. J. W. Chisholm, when Leo nald doposed to the abovo facts. The prisoner ¡ was remanded until Friday next, and instniü tion was given to Mr. Benton (who aoted'in the absence of the Chief Constable), to communi- cate with tho Chief Constable of Bombala on tbo subjoot of the inquiry. When apprelionded tho man had on his person, £7 '8s. in money, ) and two cheques drawn in favour of' G. Berrys and J. "Wilson, by Mr. loone Shepherd,' jua.,' of", Whooo (in whoso servioo he has recently been;,1" for £2 and £3 10s. respectively. Kelly had also in MB possession a dark brown cob, bolong- - a. ing to his omployèn- Goulburn Herald, 127/, . Pcctmbefi WINDSOR. - MELANCHOLY LOSS OF THREE LIVES BY DROWNINO.-On the 11th instant, A boy, named Croke, was accidentally drowned at Williamton, EastErn Creek. On tho 12th another Boy, about 14 years of age, «as drowned near Richmond Punt. On the sume day a most afflicting and melauoholy scone pre- sented itself on the hanks of the Hawkesbury at a spot called Sandy Beach, closo to the town- ship of Windsor. It appears that Mr. Hind, of the Catholio School, went down with his two little boys for the purpose of bathing. On their arrival at the banks, the children, rejoic- ing at the liberty granted thom, stripped, and were in the water immediately. They had, however, only boon in a* few minutes, when their father saw them suddenly sinking ; ho instantly went to their rescue, when ho too was soon out of hit depth. Ho could not Rwim, and in his struggle to secure tho children and save himsolf, ho could not gain footing with one of them, who had tenaoiously clung round his waist. His loud cries and lamentations for help soon brought several neighbours to his rescue, who immediately plunged into the river, dividing in every direction to rescue the unfortunate suf- ferers. The police and a blackfellow were also very active, but the body ot tho poor boy had not been recovered by sundown. - Empire'» Correspondent STOCK.-Cattle havo been fetching \ory fair prices all the winter, and consequent!' lnrgo mobs of ,fnt beasts ha\eleft them er for tho markets of Victoria. Tho number of cattle brought on to tho river has not boen very gioat, owing to tho majority of settlers having their runs already fully occupied, if not overstocked. Spaying has been proceedod with to some extent, 'mt is not in as much favour as it was lastyenr, it being found that, even under the most fin or able ciroumstances, the deaths ne\er average loss than 6 porcont. Persons who havo had rauch experience about this sort of work non be- lieve that the only cattlo> that can be profitably spayed aro calves, from six to nino months old ; but that it is still better to erect paddocks in which to wean calves, whilst the cows are fattened for market, as spaying is such expen- sive work that the monoy paid for doing 1000 cow» would bo sufficient for tho cost of erecting a very largo weaning paddock. 1 liai o not boon able to ascertain the exact number of sheep which have passed the river in this locality, en route from the Northward, but haveieas'on to believe that it is not much short of 200,000. Very few of the sheep ha\e remained here ; and, allowing for the flocks which have bcon sent to market, the number of sheep on tho river now may be calculated to bo less than it was six months ago. No account of scab having ap- peared for some time past has been reported. A new plan for shepherd's huts is about to be adopted ; instead of building slab huts or bark gunyns, it is intended to havo slightly made framed huts, built upon wheels, which may be easily moved about from spot to spot, as re- quired, by a team of bullocks. This plan, if found to answer, will savo much trouble, and prove a source of much comfort to that useful class of men-tho shepherds.-S. M. Herald's Murrumbidgee Correspondent. NEW STATIONS ON THE LACHLAN AND DAR- LING.-The new land taken up during the past winter has been considerable, many of the back blocks of the Lachlan runs have been tendered for and let, as well as additional land in the Albert District, and it is stated that the whole of the land along the course of the Darling has now been leased. Exploration between the Lower Lachlan aud the Lower Darling has pro- ceeded by private enterprize, and water has been found at a considerable distance north from the former river, not, however, in sufficient quan- tities to warrant a belief that it would prove to be permanent all the summer ; but it is thought that there are lasting waters, of the exact locality of which the plain blacks are well aware, although they have always refused to inform white men of their exact situation. More at- tention has lately been paid to the keeping of supplies of water for the hot season, and much labour has been expended in many places in making large holes in the ground, to serve as reservoirs for rain water, some of these holes have been lined with zinc to provent any waste of the water by soakage. On one track across the Forty Mile Plain, holes were sunk with a very small amount of labour, and hold sufficient water for men and horses travelling by that route. ,The water found in the majority of ordinary wells in this colony proving to be salt and unfit for use, it has been determined to try if water can be procured by making artesian wells. It is believed that good and permanent water might be found at a depth of 2000 feet ; if so, al- though the expense of tubing for such a distance would be considerable, yet very many stations are so utterly useless during dry summers from the want of water that any expense would be cheerfully borne to provide a permanent jet of water, sufficient to keep a small creek running all the season round. Many disputes concern- ing boundaries are still talked of, and are not likely to be easily arranged unless surveys take place-some amount of surveying has been done, chiefly on back blocks. An experiment in fencing a cattle run is about to be tried on the south side of the river, viz,, using iron wire instead of wooden rails, the wire to be sus- pended to round wooden posts by means of small iron staples. Whether such fencing would be found to be sufficiently strong to con tain cattle will have to be proved, us during a dark night a mob of cattle could not see the wires, and if rushed, might possibly run at them and carry them away. This wire fencing can, however, it is fair to state, be erected much more expeditiously, and at a cheaper rate than the ordinary post and rail fencing. It has been suggested that runs covered with large quanti- ties of polygum might be made much more pro- fitable tor depasturing cattle, by breaking down these bushes at the end of the autumn with heavy wooden or iron rollers, drawn by bullocks, the consequence of which would be that the hard woody stems, which aro useless, would be destroyed ; and in their places bunches of green sprouts would quickly spring up and afford, during some time, plentiful and palatable food to the cattle; whereas, at the present time, a few shoots only vegetate on the tops of tall dead bushes, where the cattle find much difficulty in reaching this coveted article of food.-S.M. Herald's Murrumbidgee Correspondent, THE VEORTABLTS HMOUT.-Throughout the winter months trouble has been caused by an insect blight, which has attacked cabbages, cauliflowers, peas, turnips, radishes, and oven grass and weeds. Young cabbages are par- ticularly! snBOeptible of the blight, and, from their want of strength, are muoh more liable to be destroyed than grown plant«. No ouro bas vet been discovered, but when the disease is first notioed, rubbing off tho inseots with the hand, and well watering the plants with plenty of cold water, has been found to oheok the rava- ges of the insect, and to oljow the ? plants time to gain suffioient strength to withstand fresh attacks. When the blight is allowed to run on imchecked, the inseots very soon entirely cover fhe plant, and at last give it an almost snowy jippearanoo. Cabbage plants, when thus diseased, on being out, are found to be one moss of corruption-the heart being deoay ed, and the leaves so covered with insects, that it is quite impossible to clean ihem. The inseot» aro fortunately innoxious, so that cabbage, if not perfectly free from them, may yet bo eaton with impunity. The late hot winds have had the effect of killing very many of the Insocts, and ye aro now in hopes that the blight js on the deoreaB6.-^-/S. M. Herald's Murrumbidgee Cor- respondent. NÚOQKT FBOII Moao.-I saw a beautiful nug- get of gold to-day, whioh was brought from Mogo by Mr. George Williams. Tho nugget is intermixed with quartz, and is pronounced by experienced diggers to bo a fine spooimen. I weighed it myself, and found it to bo 2è oz. I think- these diggings wiU yet go a-head. .""^Correspondent of Illawarra Mercury. . Ttfe ULLADULLA GHOST AOAIÑ-The ghost I Mentioned a short time back, stiU continuos to (¿end forth its strange and tremendous sounds. On the evening of the 1st instant, nine porsons went'out to"endeavour to dispel tho irtvsterv whioh surrounds this mattár. For this purpose three entered the swamp, tho other six stonninir outside to. see that tjie monster did not make ita escape., Not many moments had elapsed after the three had entered the scrub, when the dreaded stranger gave forth a bellow whioh ptVde, the su outsider» fanov fooir legs wore their best friends, and they made off as quick as they could, leaving the three, in tho scrub to got out tho best way they might. The three stout- hearted explorers said they got so near as to hoar tho breathing of the monster. Some still affirm it is a bird, others a crocodile, another says it is a hippocontaur, but Mr. Berry suya he saw it, and it is a bird. Be this as it may, many still stick to the belief that it is something supernatural, as no known animal has such a powerful voice. I trust I will bo able to tell you of its capture in my next report. \- Correspondent of Illawarra Mercury. THUNDER STORM.-NARROW ESCAPE OF THREE PERSONS AT MARULAN.-This district was visited by another thunderstorm on Wednesday last, which, though not of long duration, was of greater violence than any that have preceded it this season. Whilst the storm was raging, three females were in the kitchen of Mr. Wade's Inn, Marulan, where some cookery operation was going on. The party comprised Mrs Wade, Mrs. Kohler (the wife of the Wizard of the North), and another female. They were standing in a group round the fire-place, when the lightning, descending the chimney, struck Mrs. Wade, and killed a dog at her feet. The whole party were thrown to the ground, some yards from the spot where they had been standing. Mrs. Wade's arm was temporarily paralysed, but beyond this, and a very great fright, the ladies escaped unhurt.-Goulburn Herald, December 12. DRAYTON.-The weather has been very hot and sultry lately. Yesterday we had a change, and for an hour or so we had a fall of, rain. Last evening vivid lightning appeared in the western horizon accompanied with low distant thunder. This morning it is still close, and judging from the heavy clouds hanging about a storm is not far distant.-Moreton Bay Courier, Dec. 8. A NEW TowNsnir. - P. F. Adams, Esq., Government Surveyor, and party, arrived in Yass a few days since, en route for the junction of the River Darling with the Murray, at which placo we understand a new township is to be marked out. Mr. Adams, wo believe, will in- spect the various Crown Lands' Offices on his way, and on Thursday last he proceeded to Binalong for that purpose.- Yass Courier, December 12. THE THREE BIVERS.-Tho Murrumbidgee first commenced rising as long ago as the 2Uth June, and, after various ups und down, in October overflowed its banks, and has over since continuod to spread over the neighbouring country. At the present moment it is still on the rise, and bids fair to attain the height it did during the great Gundagai flood. The Lachlan has beon very high all through the sea- son, and another fresh is now coming down. I The Darling has also been overflowing its banks and flooding the adjacent country.-S. M. Herald's Murrumbidgee Correspondent. KIAMA.-THE CROPS.-The wtteat crop hero has now almost obtained its maturity. The chango of colour, from green to yellow, which indicates this, is now apparent in every wheat paddock. The general impression is that this .years' crop will exceed the average yield of former years. The barley crop is now quito rino ; and reaping has already commenced. There is but little Darloy grown m this district this year ; but, doubtless, what there is will be of the very best quality. There is but a small extont of land under potatoes this yoar ¡ tho orop, however, promises well. Maize is being extensively planted,; and in several paddocks it has already a promising appearance.- Corres- pondent of Illawarra Mercury. VIOLENT THUNDERSTORM.-On Wednesday afternoon about half-past four, one of tho most severe thunderstorms we have experienced for some time swept ovor tho town of Wollongong. The storm came from the S.W., the leaden looking dense clouds sweeping slowly ovor the town and along the coast. The thunder claps followed one another in quick succession, and were very loud and sharp in sound, preceded and accompanied with the most vividly brilliant flashes of lightning., Shortly after the storm had commenced, the rain came down in torrents for a brief space of timo. The storm lasted with unabated violence till about a quarter past five, when the rain ceased altogether, but the thunder and lightning continued at intervals during the evening and a considerable portion of the night. We have not heard of any acci 'dents.-Mawarra Mercury, Dec. 14. MERRUNDI.-Tho excessive heat of the season, although rendering tho heavy labours of the gold seeker very oppressive, has the recommen- dation of facilitating the working of the river bed at Merrundi. That portion of the Meroo, to get at which so great an amount of labour has boen expended, although not realizing the high expectations of the parties working, is yielding handsomely, when the manner in which the work is performed is taken into con- sideration. Men who have been used to the extensive operations carried on at the Ovens look with astonishment at the . particularly easy- going way in whioh the Merrundi men carry on their work. From eighteen to twenty five are, tho numberof men in each of the par- ties which are working the bed of the Meroo at ( Merrundi, and the washing to pay these largo bodi es is carried on by means of two or three sluice boxes"and one tom to eachparty. " Many hands make light work," and in this instance most likely helps to make light poy also. The same number of men who understood their work ought to be able to put through about four times tho quantity of stuff that is put through by the present system, without feeling very muoh fatigued with their exertions, the result of course would be four times tho quantity of gold for the day's labour. But even oy the in- efficient method adopted, the rivor claims, one with another, pay about a pound a day per man, and it is worth the consideration of the Mer- i rundi River workors, whother it would not pay | them better to convert their sluice boxes and toms into cradles, which thoy know how to use, than to go on with their present very China- man-like mode of "sluicing." The experiment has shown that the bed of tho Meroo at Mer- rundi is payable, and as it can now be got at without oxpeuding two or three months' Jabour to cut a useless race, no better opportunity ex- ists in the vicinity for makin" sure and steady wages for tho next six months. Some of the olaims on the bank of the river aro turning ont well : in one or two instances from twolro to eighteen ounces for the week's work for three men. That gold is being got at Merrundi is evident from the fact that one gold buyer last week bought over 200 ounces-our population not exceeding 250. In the dry diggings a nugget of fourteen ounces wai found last week. This ground is almost abandoned, but tho few who continue steadily to work at it aro for the most part doing first-rate.-Empire's Corres- pondent. 