QUITE IMMATERIAL. In a late Argus the following strange requirement is advertised : " BRICKLAYER "Wanted to build a chimney, with or without material. John Napier, No. 2 Madeline street." Now is John Napier an excitable visionary, his mind possessed with distorted ideas, the victim of a morbid imagination, in thus proposing to build without material ? Or is No. 2 Madeline street the abiding place of a determined wag, who must have his joke, if it costs him n shilling for sixteen words ? On the latter hypothesis we formed an opinion that hot water, 6Ugar, and Bpirits may be referred to as material, ;~>nd the advertiser reserves a discretion as to regaling the disposer of bricks during liis labours. On the former supposition we set down J. N. as a credulous fanatic, a believer in Bishop Berkely, the cranky old Bishop of Cloyne, who fought so lustily for that very foggy notion, the nonexistence of matter, believed in ghosts, and drank spirits on principle ; and never could be convinced that he was not perfectly ethereal, till a punch in the waiscoat from a mitred brother originated some misgivings. We hardly know what to make of John Napier ; we find a difficulty in reckoning him up, as the phrase is. Must we write him down a- liardened jester, profaning the solemn pages of the Argus with unseemly facetiousness. Is he a man of crazed understanding,—a sort of Swedenborgian mystic, his mind perturbed with intemperate fancies ;—a dreamer of dreams and Quixotical extravagancies ? Or, shall we suppose an individual with an acuteness of reason, worthy of his great namesake of logarithmal memory—shall we suppose some subtle motive, some arrive pensee, skulking behind the ambiguity of phrase, and as much m need of elucidation as the paradoxical oratory of the member for the Loddon. It is one of those mysteries into which the farther we explore, the more complete is our bewilderment. We trust John Napier may get his chimney, but the feasibility of constructing it without material must remain for the present an open question. We feel interested in the experiment, and await the result with Some anxiety, but shall not experience the slightest astonishment if this wonderful chimney should end in smoke. SYMPTOMS OF A PEERAGE.—M'Combie's motion in the Upper House for a board to investigate and confer titles. The friends of Mr. President Buchanan in seeking to get him a billet, appear to have preferred the bullet to the ballot. People dying in the Holy States are occasionally canonised, but the people living in the United States are going to be Buchananised. OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENT.—Mr. Punch hereby aimounces the truth of the current rumour that he has appointed Mr. Stawell to be Chief ustice, vice Sir William a'Beckett, retired. The appointment will he very shortly gazetted. SOMETHING ASPINALL OUGHT TO HAVE SAID.—Blair thinks himself a vessel of grace, but other people think him only a d—canter. 