f iiMggi ftnro Iflcii : SONG OP THE DESPOTIC SOVEREIGNS. T? Puur ronroa snouia you interfere t -.England and France, can't you leave him alone ? suppose he is a little severe, Let a King do wliat he likes with his own. Leave him alone, leave him alone, Let a King do what he likes with his own. Subjects were made for their monarchs you know * Many sent into the world for one; * Yoa caBnet deny that the feet is so. And yet you're for spoiling Ferdinand's fun. Leave him alone, leave him alone, Let a King do what he likes with his own. Princes were wont, in the days of old, To load whomsoever they chose with chains; And noue of their neighbours ever made bold To question their acts in their own domains. Leave him alone, leave him alone, Let a King do what he likes with his own. By a short method a sovereign, then. Used with a troublesome fellow to deal; He had him pitched into the lions' den, And no one cried out on the animals' meal. Leave him alone, leave him alone, L.t a King do what be likas with own. If he commanded the slave to be bound, And into a fi ly furnacc flung, Not one of the potentates, reigning around, Against the decree thought of wagging his tongue. Leave him alone, leave him alone, Let a King do what he likes with hss own. Wretches who happened his wrath to excite, He racked, impaled, or skinned them alive. By a pserogativc, and by a right Of which y arc trying a King to deprive. Leave him aionc, leave him alone, Let a King do what he likes with his own. Ferdinand may many dungeons have got, ^ Prisoners containing, perhaps, not a few, If they in cold chains, and misery rot, Punished for nothing, that's nothing to you. Leave him alone, leave him alone. Let the King do what he likes with his own. Teaching a small monarch how he's to rule, Y°u'll be dictating, next, to a loftier throne, Yes, forsooth. Us you will next dare to school, Won't let Us do what We like with Our own. Leave Us alone, leave Us alone, ^ Let Us all do what We like with Our own. A. TOT TOR A. VERY LITTLE THING. \- Advices from Spiin inform us that the Duke de Ment pensier has just received an addition to hislflomesii happiness io the shape of a little giri; and that "The Queen has given to the newly-born infanta, the Cordon ot the Order of Noble Ladies of Maria Louisa." The cordon, of course is meant for the recipient to play with- The little infanta appears to have begun to " take notice/' as the nurses say, very EOOU. 'These are early days for giving the noble baby a plaything. THE RECLUSE. Julia-Now, Alfred dear, I must leave you. I am about to shut myself out from thearorl f. Alfred-Why, in the name of m&ln;&s;, Julia, you are not thinking of retiring into a convent? i Julia-No, dear, don't alarm yourself. I am only going to put on my new Crimoline dress, A. inrsrcAX CROTCHET. From Orpheus to Morpheas there is only the jump of a letter, and yet there are singers who combine the Q.uali ies of both, singing most somniferouely. The supposition is, that Orpheus was designated Morpheus in all cases when he was called in, as a kind of musical nurse, to fling persons to bleep. THE HE AS ON ^VHY By a most Unreasonable FCIIot. The reason why llarristersScat their terms is that they may know how to make others eat their own words. The reason why our merits generally appear so large to ourselves is because we love to measure them by the deficiencies of others. The reason why small servicoare willingly acknow ledged is because it would scarc^Fbe worth while to be ungrateful for them. The reason why egotists find the world so ugly is be cause they only see themselves in it. ^ The reason why it is so difficult to get a good cigar U simply because "ill weeds grow a-pace," aud good ones don't. The reason why Jews are not admitted into Parlia ment is on account of the enormous quantity of gammon they would be compelled to swallow* The reason why so many old ladies dress as thoush they were still youiig is because the fashions in the Modes, the Petite CourrierSy the FoUetsy and are all drawn for young ladies. Wishing to be in the faslnon, as every well- regulated woman is bound to be, the "dear old things" copy faithfully the only examples that are set before thera. £ TWIN FEATS FOB ONE STRONG MAN. Lord John Russell is stated to have made up his mind to save the country once more. He hag prepared, we are told, a Reform Hill, which is to cut the ground from under liord Palmerstos, and is to place Lord John at the head of & strong Government amid the enthu siastic applause of an excited nation. Meantime and by way of a trifling feat to keep himself employed, he is gone to Pisa, just to put the Leaning Tower straight. TOO PLAIN SPOKEN BY HALF.. "A WajtHTNG TO Sre ROBERT PEEL." Sir Robert, Sir Robert^ what have you been doing ? Blurting facts out in all the world's face I Do think what you are; for the course you're pursuing Is, what you soon may be, out of place. Facts are facts; but the rule is officials should burke 'em, Not call spades spades, like plaiu country squires; If you must handle edge tools, do bo with the Circum locution that otSce requires. The ghost of1 your father must blush for your folly, How sublime his official reserve! His rounded periphrases how he would volley, Hound the bush in majestical curve! From his language who e'er his opinions could gather ? Even Talleyland's self he'd talk blind; Who would ever suppose you're the son of your father, With that vile trick of speaking your mind? This, too, on returning from Russia!-a nation That holds language is given thoughts to hide: Where you see in its best gloss of mystification, Diplomacy's varnish applied. Where suggeslio falsi, suppressio veri In their leal perfection find place, And the very word " Lie" from the dic-ti-on-ary, Is struck out by Imperial ukase. Be warned, then, in time; get a style more official; Blink facts if they're too big to bolt; The study of<f Walker" you'll find beneficial, And for ** Bunkum" consult Colonel Colt. Ne'er use straightforward terms, unless no round-about one | The Downing-street phrase-book supply, And as for opinions, ne*. r get up without one That turned either way will apply. A NICE CALCULATION. A Wallsend .gentleman, of great experience in the trade, and a constant attendant on the preaching of Mr, Spurgeon, has calculated that, on an average, the reverend teacher uses in evciy sermon no less than three tons of coals, and all red hot. Last winter poor people were known to warm their hands at liis periods. STRAY SHOT. It is with ideas as with pieces of money, those of the least value generally circulate the most. ; ( A man, for being told the truth, thanks you the first time-votes you a bore the second-and quarrels with you the third. A Frenchwoman talks a great deal more than she ! thinks-an Englishwo man thinks a great deal more thnn she talks. FEMALE POLITICS. A young lady, hearing it stated that Government, in this country would in future be carried on without par ties, said," Oh dear ! I hope not. If it comes to that, I hope papa will take us to live on the Continent." SHABBY INGRATITUDE. Men get drunk, and thea lay the fault on the wine I THE SECRET OF YOUTH. A lady never knows how young she looks, until she had her portrait painted. . , ^CONSEQUENCE OF A MERE PEAK. Weliave to announce the abdication of the King' of the .Mountains, His Majesty Kanchinjinga, of the Himalayas,, in favour of a neighbouring potentate, ** not a hundred miles" from Katmandoo, and whose name we are not at present at liberty to disclose, but who will for the future assume the style and title of the highest mountain in the world. The alteration in the dynasty has been brought about by the mamoeuvres of Colonel Waugb, Surveyor-General of India* who raay himself' be said to be monarch of all he surveys; but, as he is nothing of the kind, the saying so would bs simply absurd. THE LAND FOR THE LADIES. In the King of Sweden's speech on the recent opening of the Swedish Diet, the following remarkable passage occurs <f A just appreciation of the rights of woman being a sore guarantee of-her fidelity in the fulfilment of her duties and of her mission in the family, it is my inten tion to propose to you that unmarried women shall be considered: of age at 25, which is recognised in nearly all the 6tates of Europe." Sweden is clearly the land for the ladies. There it appears that up to what is here considered the tolerably ripe age of 25, a girl is supposed to be in.her minority, or nonage; in short, as wc say, of no age at all. - At thirty, we apprehend, she is stiJl looked upon as quite 4'ayoung thing;" and, at about 60, as being "in the prime of life/' " Fat, fair, and sixty," is probably the formula which, in Sweden, is expressive of female maturity; at 70 a damsel begins to be a little paseie, and at 80is considered to have attained to "a certain age." AND THESE ABE YOUR FRIENDS! 1 ! FIKST FEEEEH).-I say, what do you think ? Toting Rattlebrain was in Spurgeon's Chapel last Sunday! SECOXD FfiiEJTD.-Then he thought it was a Theatre,. having heard some one declare that his preaching was a as good as u play!" - VIRTUOUS INDIGNATION. Dr. Hale was' casting his clerical eye the other day over the advertisements, when, coming to the quack an nouncement that in the loudest brass heralds M 60,000 Cures," he exclaimed, with 6ut>lime contempt. "The Pluralist! I!" A NEW STYLE OF WEATHERCOCE. Vanes are generally-set up to show how the wind blows; but the Brighton -Vane lias been put down to show that the wind from the Horse Guards sets in thb . right direction, A HIST TO EAniWAX travellers. . - By breathing on the glass-and holding a speaking, doll by way of baby to the window-you may generally: keep your compartment select. A NEW CHURCH "VANE." The Jfejccastle Guardian assures the. satisfied world that Lord Vane Tempest thinks of entering the Church.? We know how. instantaneously Luther was converted' from riotousness to piety by a thunder- bolt; and- the' thundering sentence (so very unexpected) of the Jlorse Guards may have been as summary in its effect upon the ejected Coraet. M In fact," says our Newcastle contem porary " In fiict, it is whispered that his more matured and chastened inclinations now iucline towards the Church ; a field in which he - may be employed as honestly, as honourably, and as usefully, both to himself and others, as in that of Mars." Why cucumbers are nothing to clcrical inclinations, if they can be tC matured" in so short a time. With this rapidity, you may ^row a parson in less time than a dish of cress or mustard. . "As the noble family to which he may still prove ah ornament have more than one living in their gift, it is not improbable that this may be his ultimate and not ungraceful destination, however distressing may have been the events which led to it." Who knows? The cjected Coronet may live to be come the, consecrated Bishop; in which case the tx soldier will still have proved his prowess success in a "for lawn" hope. NEWSPAPER EMPLOYMENT. A young gentlcwau, who has his evenings to himself, and is a perfect master of French, is extremely anxious to obtaiu a situation as Header on any English paper, in order."to correct the press." The Times prcfered. , Salary no object whatever. Apply by letter (enclosing a Queen's head) to MonsieurL-sjf-p-r,-jr, iloniteur Office, Tuileries/'Parii N.B.-Has had considerable experience in "locking up the forms" of the principal rrenchjournalg. the kind permission of Louis Kapo loon, th'e.ftubii'catioh :bf Panch commenced on Monday morning last, at G a.m.j 'an'd continued, witliout any in terruption from the French Government, np to a late holir on Tuesday night, until the many millions of copies, necessary to satiate the increasing voracity of the Uni versal Public, were struck off. Vive U Moniteur ! 