JL.OUAL JNJÜWe». To TUB PEOPLE OP NEW SOUTH WALES.-Little do you know tho position yon occupy! It hath boon said that Greece, and Rome, and Egypt did enlighten the rest of the world - steeped in ignorance. How much greater is Australia than either of these? Sydney, the Eden of literature " feeds with knowledge" a knowing world. Mark what Mercury of Illa- warra saith with référença to the functions of oar great Empire, "The country,-wo ought to say tho colonies,or THE WOULD-has been fed with knowledge, social, moral, political, in- dustrial, commercial, and not nnfrcqacntly even scientific". Qua Leg tris Momtnto! AN ECCLESIASTICAL UORIOSITY.-A correspondent sends os the following copy of a document in Winchester Cathedral-"To work done, soldering and repairing St Joseph, 8d; cleaning and ornamenting Holy Ghost, 6d; re- pairing the Virgin Mary, before and behind, and making a new child, 4a Sd; screwing a nose on tho Devil, potting a new horn on bil head, and glowing a piecu on his tail, 6s od- total, lls4d.- Retract, Morning Star. SINGULAR DEATH OF A CmLD.--An inquisition was hold at tho Glebe, on Saturday last, touching tho demise of a child named Fer- gusson, nuder the following somewhat extraor- dinary circumstances. Tho infant, of about nino months old, was taken by his mother to Dr Foulis, of tho Glcbo-road, who scarified his gums. Tho bleeding from these excoriated sur- faces continued without interruption nntil tho following Wednesday, when other professional aid was obtained, and the hemorrhage checked; but unfortunately too late to bo of avail. Con- vulsions set ir., and thc little sufferer ext ired on the afternoon of Friday. Tho question then arose as to tho causo of this catastrophe; and after hearing the evidences of Mr Johnson and another surgeon, the jury found that death resulted from syncope produced by loss of blood from tho gums, yet exonerated all parties from blame; tho opinion of thc medical gentlemen supporting thc theory of the existence of an hemorrhage diathesis, or, in less unintelligible language of a sonstitutional tendency to bleed- ings If such singular phenomena can exist, and remain veiled from the penetration of scientific observers, it seems suggestive of tho policy of parents confining thc treatment inci- dental to the feverish irritability of dentition to tho unaided operations of nature, or as most to the simpler friction of an ivory ring. A MAONIFICBNT IDEA.-It is an nuanced ¡a the lout number of our esteemed contemporary "the Blower", that Sir George Bearer, M.C., has aller mnch entreaty, accepted the distinguished and lucrative oflico of Trea- surer to his Royal Bigness tho Prince of Wales. This will indeed bc a boon to tho nume- rous domestics attached to thc Royal residence in Castlercagh-Btreet ; Sir George having In thc handsomest manner officially announced his un- alterable determination of (when practicable) paying all the servants on the establishment every Saturday precisely nt 12 o'clock, not re- lishing the idea of keeping the "retainers" waiting about the placo nntil 3 or 4 o'clock. This is as it should bo; and as we happen to know that Sir George is daily engaged m accu- mulating a very large amount of "brass'*, this fact, coupled with tho never failing success that attends any establishment happy enough to secure his services, must render it certain that the fr rtunes of Castlereagh- street "ta BIZ". Wo cr only express a hope that Slr George's laudable example may bo followed elsewhere. MIRACULOUS ESCATE.-.On Thursday afternoon as George Deavcr, Esq., Frank How- son, Esq., in company with tho world-renowned Signor C.irandini, had just stepped into thoir carriage, (No. 117 off the Stand in Market street), tho horses, a remarkably fine pair evi- dently selected by Mr Beaver for their peculiar spirit, suddenly darted off with frightful velocity. ' I'itt street was paralysed, and Sir Saul Solomon I " knocked into thc middlo of next week" at tho astounding peril in which these three great men were placed, hut whiuh was happily prevented by tho superhuman efforts of Sir George, who with a presence of mind worthy of Louis Na- poleon, rushed to the rescue, seized the rampant steeds, and averted thc threatened catastrophe. The only mischief done was the smashing of a bandbox belonging to the Signor, but which we have tho satisfaction of knowing did not contain a Beaver. SION AND COUNTERSIGN.-Two gen- tlemen recently in tlio employ of tho great F.MPiHB, were bailed up on the Bace Coarse tho other evening. One, who was nearly garotted, managed to squeeze out the words ff rn- KM-Em- pire,-com-com- po. Tho headsman imme- diately released his hold of his intended victim ¡ the word Empire though ejaculated under such difficulties acted ns a pass. Tho shock was almost electrical. " Empire" muttered the mani " Bill'', said he to his comrade, " here are two of 'em, lot go; it's no uso trying for excise there" HEALTH OFFICER FOR SYDNKV.-Thc citizens will be gratified to learn that tho above most important ófrico is likely to be conferred upon that eminently worthy and philanthropic j membor of tho medical profession, Dr DGIOAH. Indeed, we believo we may say that it has I been owing to tho exertions of certain hon. ! members of tho Legislativo Council, that tho office was created, with the view to install this gentloman into it, in appreciation and acknow- ledgment of his skill and attention when from tune to time under hts caro. SINGULAR. CIRCUMSTANCE.-A snake was recently killed in this vicinity, measuring upwards of forty rods. On being opened, its stomach contained a family bible, tho unexpired leaso of a three-storey brick house in Itoyal stroct, three boxes of Poter's Pills (with direc- tions), an unfinished mite of tho Nsshvitlo rail- road, tbroe stray horses, CioiTs trombone, three packages of ticket» in tho Grand Gift Enterprise, a Dutch music grinder with his barrel-organ, a pinn of the city of Unelo Sam, lost sinco 1857, and a pair of old iieg-bottomcd boots which tho owner is respectfully requested to prove and tnko away. « hen any editor eau tell a bigger snake story than that, we'll try again.-iliiiiuippi Paper, U. S. CONNUBIAL COMFORT. - Master - Mary, what has your Mistress for dinner to-day? Mary-1 think, sir, it's cold mutton, air. Master-Hum! 0!t!-tell you Mistress when sho comos home, i intend to dino out to-day, and sho is on no ndWhnt to wait dinner for mo. 