MR. MAYLHEW'S LECTURE ON THE ODDITIES OF LONDON STREET LIFE. (From the Morning Chronicle.) THE Ia.t lecture in connection With tilhe Brighton Athreneum was announced to be by Mr. Henry Mlayhew, and tile large nppsr room of tile Town Hall was crowded in every part, and many per sonas went away, being unable to obtain reven tanding room. The chair -was occupied by Mr. W. Coningham, M.P., Mrs. Coniigham and family being also present. Mr. lMayhew commenced by giving a word-picture of the Londona markets on a Sa~turdsy night. The scene, he said, had more the character of a fair han a market. There were hundreds lof stal, each with its one or two lights. There were all sorts of lighlts, from the rmhight to ithe flaring gas jet of the hvtcheSr' shops. The pavement and vtd aerse crvorded by hundreds of pur a~se. "The hfouaewrifb may be seen thre wamh her thick shawl and market baJet :on her arm walking slowlv along, rstopnj.y to look at a bunch of rJn and noh to cheapen a joint of ±eoa. It . e butcher shops might be :er .?e meat, red and white, piled up to ,e it ouloor, with the butcher u:'UEiLn p and d?arin, sharpening his ?kie s hi stool and saying to each roasn arho pafssee, "What can I do for c2, -ar dear -"' Then there is the .ean ei am - b,?.rr, with a few lucifers inl is hlnd nd'ie head half averted i.·*m theu cmr'L Beside him is a clean Sr ad a 1 iCe-ly got up, mother with a ch'd at· h~er breast. Then there is the nre-ua. e-ith a man outside calling on tphe poaosvr-h to come in, as Mr. Some hoda- wa about to sing his favorite sng of the " Jlatc-atcher's Daughter." Untal all this noise and tumult was seen and heard, it rwas impossible to have a s?e?e of the struggle that is going on throughout London for a living, and the t.deavours of hundreds to get a ls:ny profit out of a poor man's Sun day's dinner. IHe next introduced a fie of his street acquaintances. The first was a Punch and Judy man, a darkl plrreasant looking man of about fifty, rIho disclosed to him (.r. M3ayhewv) a few secrets of his profession. IHe was fonrmerly a gentleman's footman; but he iadopted the business for "money gains." When first he took to it lie cleared from £2 to £3 a .week, he and his "pardner." lie felt it somewhat derogatory to come from a footman's place to such a career; but still "Punch and Judy" was a trade, hle said, which once took to cannot be got rid of. If you onter any other situation, the boys would see you and cry out, "T'here's Punch behind tile counter serving out the eustomers" (laughter). The peiform ances lhad to be varied to suit two classes oft' persons-the comic and the senti menotal. The comic people liked him to kick up all tile gamens he could: but to the usentimentalhle had to perform very steatlily, and leave out all the comic words antdl business. They wouldtl have no ghost, no coflint and no devil, and that's what he called spoiling the per formance altogetlher. As regarded the earnings, the showman said he could obt'in £5 for weeks nmning, and had takeon as much as £2 10Ls; a day; but now 5s. a day was the most that could be'mads, and that lhad to be divided between' the "man in the firame" and tihe "drum and pipes." Sometimes they lhad ihort and long"pitches." A "shlort pitch" is where the show is set tlown, the drum and pipe play up, and when they get 8d. they "hook it ;" but "long pitches" consist of Ihalf-an-hour's performuance, tlhe -procctleeds of which average is. Panchl's audiences were next scrutinised. Boys were a great nuisance. 'lTh'ley would follow the show fbr miles, would get into the best places, would throw their caps into the frame, pickl holes in the baize to peep through, anti "'ciuss'eni," added the man, "they haven't a fard'u to bless thenmselves wi~t'." (Lasghter.) nurses were no goo'l. for even if the mon:hers gave the liule denrs" a pennv, they would take the money away to flu ribbonas. Sol diers, again, were had, for they not only had no money, but wa-s worse, they hail no pockets. 31r. Mayhew next spoke of the " flying stationers," or " patter erc," who profess to.describe the con tents of their papers while they run or walk along the streets. They dealt in all s'rts of news; but, in the absence ofnmur derworexplosion.s, whatarecalled "cochks" are resorted to. These cocks are purely imaginary commotious, and are sold well; but real murders were the best. They talked of rourders and awful acci dents in the same admiring strain as a bookseller would speak of some popular author's work, or any new edition of a new celebrated book. Thus they refer to the Marley tragedy as having gone off "uncommon well;'," and of tre Pal mer murder as an "out and outer." Mr. Mayhew's informantspoke of Ruash's murder: "I lived on Rush for a month, sir," he said; "I worked my way down by singing 'Rush's last dying confes sion,' written by our own poet at St. Giles's, sir. (Laughter.) We beat the newspapers out of the field, for we had the accounts done by our own express, which beats all the papers. We have it done several days before the event comes off, and that heats the Sun, or the 3oeon, sir, for all that." (Much laughter.) There was another charae ter to be seen in London-the street clown. The poor fellow was expected to be merry and crack jokes while his heart was aching for the desolate state of those at home. A street clown oaes told him (Mr. Mayhoew) that when his wife was confined he jumped "Jim Crow" for twelve hours in the mud and wec of the streets, and he carried home that night to his almost starving family the sum of fifteen-pence as the result of his day's exertions. There was a poor old blind hlurdy-gurdy woman, he once knew. She had learnt to play on the hurdy-gurdy for a living. Sbe called it a cymbal-the burdy-gurdy was not itsright name. "The cymbal," she said, "is not hard to play, si;r, for King David played on one of those instruments. I first learnt to play 'God save the King,' the Queen that now is, sir." (Laughter.) When Mr. Albert Smith was preparing his lMont Blanc, he asked him (Mr. Mayhew) to recommend him a hurdy-gtrdy player, and he men tioned this one, whose name was "Old Snirey." Being blind, she did not know what her pupil wanted to learn for; but she imagined that it was for getting a living in the streets. Accord ngly, she told him t6 "keep the leather well down over the cymbal as the la'ptence were very liable to' fall into the works." (Mtuch laughter.) Some peculiarities of the street blind were next pointed out. There are at least 100 blind men and women getting their living in London, and 500 more in the provinces. The blind people like music, and as they can get their living in no other way they seek it by music. They preferred being blind : and when it was possible to restore oneman to sight, he said to the surgeon, "Would you ruin me?" The blind men always married bind women, saying that they did not like "seeing women." They argued that if "seeing men'"had a hard matter to look after "seeing women," what would a blind man do? (Roars of laughter.) They were very happy and comfortable at home. The wives love their husbands, and both love their children, for they said, "Our children lead us about; and our affliction makes them love us the more." "Dolls' eye making" is confined to two persons in the metropolis, assumed a ludicrous im portance in the lecturer's hands. Human eyes and birds' eyes were also manu fIcetured. Large quantities of dolls' eyes were exported, and the colour then liked was black; but here, with dolls' eyes, nothing goes down but blue, for that is the colour of the Queen's eyes, and the Queen sets the fashion in dolls' eyes as in everything else. Mi'. May hew's eye-making fiiend opened a large box full of glass human eyes, and the effect was as if the eyes of an audience in a lecture room were condensed into that space and all staring at you. The ladies' eyes had to be made more bril liant than the gentlemen's. A person requiring an eye had to sit for the shades as for a portrait. The great thing in making a human eye was to attain as natural an appearance as pos sible by the fine polishing of the edges] " I make," said the man, "such nice eyes, that a customer has passed doctors without their perceiving in. A lady who had one of my eyes has been mar ried three years, and I believe her Ihus band does not know her eye is false yet. (Laughter.) Persons with false eyes take them out at night, and either sleep with their eye under their pillow or else in a glass of water. (Renewed laughter.) Married ladies, sir, don't usually take out their eyes at all." Mr. Mayhlew then described that peculiar quarter of London, Petticoat Lane, where, he said, there existed a singular incongruity of wealth and poverty, of luxury and want. He next adverted to the criminal population of London, their condition, &c.; He had found them, he said, not such reprobates as they were supposed or appeared to be, and related many interesting instances where notorious thieves and pickpockets had been tested for their honesty and had not failed to stand that test. (Applause.) Hoe lnd had burglars, thieves, and pick pockets in his own house, and had never been harmed by them or lost the value of a penny. (Ilear, hear.) He had found that they were not entirely desti tutu, of honour, and if confidence was placed in them they would not wrong those who placed that trust in them. (Loud applause.) : This was a most interesting lecture, and was attentively lisitened to. Sra GCe'OP.oE Gmr-'s Taa.sronTaR. Trion Blu,-lAt the jos.ice-rom, yevs torlay, thsi Lorrd Macor, addre.ing tlhe Ci' Solicitor, said:--I forwarded you a note, a short time ago, requIsting that you would le go' d enough to attend bore. I find that Sir G. Grei hais given notice of I'Ls intention to introdncea bill upon the anlject of transportation. I have, lately, had a vera.large number of letters and papers .sent to me frolam different persons, maistratesand others, who are most anxious that a discusion should take place upon this sub, jiect, previous to anything being decided on by the Govrnmnent. You have in. tereated yourself very largely in this matter, and I should very much like to have your views in rlation to it.-The City Solicitor: I caused a copy of my pamphlet, containing my letter to your lordship, to be sent to every member of both Houses of Parliament, to every magistrate in thme four metropolitan counties, and to the editor of every newspaper in the kingdom. I have re ceived, from several magistrates and members of the House of Commons, various communications to the effect that they will be willing to take part in a free discussion of the subject, at the Muansion House, if you will appoint anl early day and hour for that purpose. I have had about one hundred and thirty newspapers sent me from different parts of, the country, containing extracts from my letter to yo.ur lordship, and with the editor's comments, in all instances re commending the subject to the serious considteration of Parliament -The Lord Mayor: I consider myseclfrathri pleded upon this matter. I have receivea a verl large number of communications, and, in answer to a great many of them, I have stated that it was my intention, as soon as I learnt, whalt course the Go vernment intended to adopt, to ascertain the state of public feeling upon this in portant question, I find that a great anny entertain tihe same views that you have promulgated, name!y, that our criminal population ought to be a profit to the country, instead of a very great hlss. I thinkl if your views in this re spect could be carried out, it would be a very desirable object to attain. I should very much like, as chidf ma gistrate, to afford an opportunity for dliscussing the question at a meeting of merchants and magistrates, with the members of parliament, who interest themselves in the great social questions of the day, and will, probbbly, take an active part in the debates upon the bill which Sir George Grey had brought into the house. I have read your pamphlet, with a great many othersl, tmd I find, firom all parts of the kIing. dom, that the matter is taken up as one of the greatest interest, in a financial as iell as a social point of view. The people begin to feel that an expenuiro criminal population is a great burthen. Ynou have suggested a plan fobr gettingr rid of tihe burtilen ; and if you can prove that your plai is as practicable as it is' desirable, you will accomplish a most imnportaut object. The City Solicitor: Will your lordship name a day for suchl a meeting as you have suggcsted.--The Lord Mayor : I will name Friday, at twelve o'clock, for the proposed mneet ing; and if any gentleman, desirous of being present at the meeting, will write to my secretary, Mr. Catty, a ticket of admission shall be sent. The meeting must, of course, be kept within suchl limits, in point of numbers, as will ad mit of the calm and deliberate discus sion of such a grave and important question as will naturally arise at the meeting.- The City Solicitor : -Sir George Grey's bill to change the ex isting laws for the treatment of crim indls stands for a second reading on Monday next. In all probability, the debate on the bill will last two or three nights, as there a e a great many of the nwly-elected members I know anxiius to take part in the discussion. Tf your lordslllp will sanction the issue of tickets to the magistrates of the four metropol:tm counties, to members of parliament, and others who take an in te-rest in thise question', I think it will be well attended, and a very useful con ference will be the result. It is a period when many members of the Society of Friends wmill be in London, several of the leading persons of various dissenting denominatious will likewise be in town for the May meetings. T'heir counsel and experience on such subjects would be of great value. Men of plain unde standing would, doubtless, find it ditli cult to determine what was the real ob ject of the bill under consideration. It is enacted by the first section that after the passing of the act " no person shall in futurebe transported," whereas in the subsequent clauses criminals are, in fact, to be transported to the colonies under sentence of penal servitude, and the Ii-ovisions of the several statues passed for transportation are to be ap plied to them. DEATII OF THE DUCIIESS OF GLOU CSTEn.--T''he darkness of death has closed upon another princess ofEngland. The Duchess of Gloucester, last of the children of George III., died on Tlhurs day morlning, not preumaturely nor un expectedly. 3he ihad completed hlier 81st yearl, and her demise lhad been looked for for nearly a fortnight. She was born on the 2tlth of Apt-il, 1770. Tihere were thirteen children born ferom the marriage ofGeotrge III. with Queen Charlotte- George, Prince of Wales, afterwards George IV.; Frederick, Duke of York; William, Duke of Clarence, afte-rwards William IV; Ed ward, Duke of Kent; Ernest, Duke of Oumberland, afterwards King of IHmiover; Augustus, Duke of Sussex; and Adolpdus, Dukle of Cambridge. Of the six daughters, three died unarried, and three wee .nnmarriod. The names, in thie order of birth-, stand thus:-The -Princess. Royal, Charlotte Augusta, who diedunmanried; the PriincessElizabeth, who was mairiied to the Prince of Hleosse Homburg; the Princes. Mary, tile lady just dead, who was married to lher cou sin, the Duke of Gloucester; and, fi nally, the Princesses Sopliia and Amelia, both of whom died unmarried. It is singularto note.how few in number are the representatives of this numerous family in tile present generation. Queen Victoria, thie King of Hanover, and the three children of the late Duke of Cam bridge, are now the only survivors, and the Princess Charlotte, dauighter of George IV., is the only one whoa passed away. The late Duchess of Gloucester, was never called upon to play any ipo minent part on the public scene, but her private life was marked by every womanly virtue, and by tihe profiuse ex ercisd of unostentatious charity. She was a distinguished ornament of the high society in which site had so long moved, and hlier loss will be most deeply regretted by those who best knew her. IHer life has been one of tranquillity, undisturbed but by the ldeath of her husband in 1834. She has lived to be the" dear cousin and good aunt" to a new royal family, whose devoted at tachment her unvarying kindness and affection won for her. A FuEn WITc:E MANr IN SLAVERY. We have just heard of a circunmstance which polurtrays the beauty of slavery, and affords .a caution to all northern people to beware how they enter a slave state. In Decembdi lasIt, a company of strolling play actors visited Cattaraugus county, in this state, and entertained the people of that locality by perform ing in the various villages thit are grow ing up there. Among other places they visited Linden, where resides a fthlily * named Barnhart, who are among tlhe early settlers, and are MIohawk Dutch. This family had a son who was not cele brated for the delicate whiteness of hisi complexion, but who had acquired a knowledge of the violin, which was a source of great satisfaction to himself and his fiiends. When the play actors came to Linden, young Barnhart visited * them, and took withl him his violin to show what he could do in the way of music, which is akin to tihe drama. lIe played, was admired by the actors, and, after some negotiation, was hired to travel with tlhe company and grace their orchestra. They went into Pennsyl vania, and the term of the engagement of 3arnhart expired, when he was re engaged for a short time. They then went into Maryland, and so oin into Vir ginia. Since then until some three weeks since, nothing had been heard of the young and experienced fiddlser. The first intelligence of him was that the play actors, when they got iclto the in terior of Virginia, sold him inlt;o slavery, .where he is now held in bonhnle uifder that sale. This could scarcely Ye sredi ted at first, but enough hIas since been learued to induce beliet on tl e part of ·the father of Barnhart that it is even so, and when our infbrmant left 3linden, a few weeks since, the old gentle'man was making his arrangements to fillow hIis son and extricate him firom his s'ervitude. SSuch is slavery.-Bsffhulo iExp., ess. Can' RI CON.-IHEAvY DArAr }iS.-In the Secondlaries Court, Basingha Il-street, on Friday; Mr. S. Potter was .~engageed with the case of "Smith v Ds ibertre." This was a writ of inqniry, to -assess the damages sustained by the plaintif, by reason of tihe defendant hav ing had criminal conversationwith the wi fe of the plaintiff; the defendant having euffered judgment to pass against hih by de fault. The damages were laid at 3,000. From the statement of tihe learned counsel and the evidence, it plpeared that the plaintiff who is a younggentle man, only 25 years of age, was the son of a gentleman of considerable plioperty, at UTlverstone, but who is now di ceased, having bequeathed the plaintiff the greater portion of his estates, aand the defendant is also a young: snan, a EFrenchman, belonging to an ?pulent family at Dinon, in France. In the year 1852, thg plaintiff became ac quainted with and enamoured sf the beauty and charms of Miss Julia' Hall, the daughter of a highly respe ctable family at Wettenlall, and on the 19th of February, 1853, they were murried with the mutual consent anti aplcroba tion of their respective fami!ies.t A short time after they proceedes;l to St. Malo by way of Jersey, and dfter wards to Dinoi, where they beut me acquainted with M. Dubertre til e .er, living at Dinon, and also the defends sat; and a close intiacy sprang up. ,nd frequent visits and pie-nicand pleasilre parties were got up between them; emd although the defendant paid great at tention to Mirs. Smith, there was n.o thing marked in hIis manner beyosld ordinary terms of fiiendship. We m:sy observe that Mrs. Smith, at tihe time' of her masiage, was about the same a.:, as the plaintiff, 21. In 1854, tile plaintiff was summoned to Entland on account of tihe illness of his {ntios, who soon after died, by his will giving tlic plaintiff power to make an ap-pointment in favour of Ihis wife, of £210.0 a year:, which power he forthwith exercised. During the years 1854-55, she visited& Stheir relations tit Tettenhall, Wottenhall arnd Torquay, and in the latter year, 1855, the plaintiffhaving been called to the bar, took his wife to tIhe Paris Exhibition, and staid some time in SIFrance, but was compelled to visit Eng land on account of a bill being before Parliament affecting his property. During thie whole of this piriod the plaintiff and hIis wife lived on termc'of the most perfect happiness. Iri 1850 the plaintiffs wiie wason a visit to her sister, a Mrs. Pinkhorn, near Weymouth, theplaintiffbeing atLiverpool, when, to 'hiis surprise, he received on the 4th De Scember of that year a teleiraphio mces : sage stating tlhat,Mrs. Smith had lefIt her sister's, taking w ith her a qusitity of uggage, stating that she was going. to meet her. husband, the. plaintiff, at R· eading. : The plaintifc tmne to London ouimediately in senarch of his wife; but 'b:for Some time he coulnhl find no trace of her, but ultimately a clue was obtained, when it was clearly ascertained that she had gone by the train to Southampton on the 4tli December, and that the de fendant, who had been staying at Rad ley's hotel the three previous days, had three or four times a day gone to the r'ailway station expecting to meet some one, and on the 4tl Mrs. Smith arrived at Southampton, and was nmet on the platform by the defendant, whomsheo immediately kissed, as though she was lis wirife. They went together to Rad ley's Hotel, and stayed there several hours, and afterwarlds came to London, and travelled together to Folkestone, thence to Calais, and on to Paris, and, are now living together us man and wife at 87, Rue Luxembousg, and finmn what has since been ascertained, there could be no doubt that the defendiant had seduced the wife of the plaintiff as early as the monoth of August, 18560, and the scheime for her elopement and abandonment of her hlusband was then planned. A number of witnesses proved that there hadl been no relaxa tion of affection on the part of the plaintiff, and himself andl his wife ap peared to live on terms of the most per feet and unalloyed happiness up to. the time of the elolpemenlt. Thie jiry as sessed the damages at 83,000, MURDERt OF A CHIrD Uc ITS MOTHER AND SUICIDE OF THE M1URDERnSS. Th'l groatest possible excitement prevails at the present time throughout the pa rishes of Rotherhilhe, Greenwich, and ]ermondsey, in conequrence of its becoming known that a married female, only 37 years of ago, had destroyed the life of her offapring, a fine b"y 3 months old, and had afterwards committed self destruction by drowning herself in a water-butt. The circumstances at tending the case are of a very pecunliai and most distressing character. It seems that the unfortunate woman, who has thus taken the life of liher child and lsoe her own, was the wife of a bhtcher, who had been empletyed in the mieigh bourhood of the HIackney-road. Hler name was Susannah Knight, and her child was named Geoirge Fiederick. A day or two ago it was found that tihe lhisbnmd, friom some cause, had lost his senses, and to prevent his laying violent hands upon either himself or his family, he was placedl under restraint' in' an asylum, and his wife and child were taken to residle in the house of the uncle, near the parish church at Rotlherhithle. Upon' arriving there she seemed to be greatly depressed in mind, and com plained bitterly of her state. Her fiiends, however, cheered her' up as well as they were able, and at length consi dered that she had become reconiciled to her fate, and advised liher to go to bed with her childl. On Thursday morning the uncle got up between 5 andI 6 o'clock (his usual liour to go to work) when he retired to the yard to wash his face, and idi drawing the water firom the butt, he was terrified at seeing his relative Mrs. Knight rise to the top of the water. Not knowing whetlher she was dead eor alive, he gave an immediate alarm, and sent for the aid of the police and othersa In the course of a few minutes, police constable No. 247, of the H division, attended, as well as some of the neighbours, who succeeded in pulling the unfortunate woman out of the butt, when they found that life was extinct, and had been so for some time.. The parties who had' thus assisted in taking the female out of the water, had hardly recovered fi'om the state of terior they had been thrown into, when their at tention was called to ariother butt filled with water in the same premises, and in which they found the body of thle infar/t, also quite dead andcold. Both bodies were forthwith removed to a place of safety, and the necessary information was conveyed to MIr. Gardener, the sum moning officer for the parish; who at once waited upon Mr. W. Carter, the Coroner for East Surrey, and'that gentleman on Friday held a long and painfiul inquiry at tne Europa Tavern, Rotherhithe. From the evidence ad duced it appeared that the above particulars were perfectly correct, and that the unfortunate woman for solme time lid 'lien predislposed to insanity, and there being not the least doiubt en tertained but the deceased drowned the child and herself also, the learned coroner summed up in his usual clear anid impartial mannier, remarking as he proceeded upon the law bearing on the case. The jury having consulted for some time returned a verdict, "That Susannah Knight destroyed the life of hei' son, George Frederick Knight, whlilst in a state of insanity." HoaRRIBLE CIHARGE OF .A-BDUCTION. -On Friday, at'the Westminster Police Court, George Richliard Clarke, a bricil layer's foreman, and Rosa Bush, a ser vant girl, were brought up for fiial ex amination,-the fobrmner charged with assaulting and violating Elizabeth Harris, a girl under 14 years of age, and the female with feloniously aiding and abettin,- in the commission of the offence. ifr. Sleigh said the Bishop of Oxford's Act was especially designed to nmeet such a case as this. He would \tlerefore pr'oceed under it, altlhough he would not pledge himself that the man ight not also be indicted foi violation. e case was one of the very worst de iption.-Martha Bourne, of Durham p ,e Ndtting- hiill, stated that on the nigt of the 81st of March, the pro ecrix and Rosa came to hlier lhouse. Ssaiid they had come fiom Wool ohich and w:vanted a lodging for the ight. Roia said- she had come to town find her husband, and that the little I' was her sister-in-law. Rosa p.id hea shilling for thle niight's lodg in'. l o male prisoner crime the next des, whi witness thought he was i'a uli u band. IIcaring nothing of them witnes wseit tip to t'he room aInto a int nht ane knooked at the dooi;. nftil doing so~tbhree, timnes, and 'receiv. og iio answer', o.e of the feinales moved tow?.rds the door vsen witness asked her if she wanted a bed made uip for the sister, and a voice replied "Not to night, thank you;" but witness could not say whetherl it was Miss HI'Irrii or Rods that spoke. She henard footsteps of two persons in the passage at six in the morning, when the male prisoner ient out. Miss harris came down stairs directly after breakfast, but she obeerved nothling particular boout her except an appearance that lshe had been crying. She had seon Miss Iharis and Rosa'botlh in tears while in her house. On tlhe following Thursdac, Rosa said that Miss Harris was ill and was obliged to keep her bed. Sometimes Rosa came down for different articles they wanted--sometinies Miss Harris. Wit ness's husband seeing a handbhill offering a reward for any information that could he given respecting Miss Harris,. went to her parents on Saturday morning, when Mrs. Harris and a friend came and fetched her awav.--Miss Harris's marrietd sister, Mrs. 1lint, said that her sister was heavy in sleep; so heavy that she had often undressed her and put her to bed while in that state. She had done so once within the last three months. She was an intelligent sharp girl. Rosa ihad considerable ihfluence over her, nod 'it was observed in the lismily. Witness had often seen Clarke sleaking to Rosna, and thought he was lier sweetheart.-Mr. Pearse, surgeon, went into a minute detail, by which he clonearly proved that the offence charged had been committed. Sergeant Loom, said that during lier absenco from'home lier distressed parents employed him to endeavour to trace her. 1-fo went to Clarke both on the Tuesday and Thurs day, and urged him to relieve their minds by teling what had become of 'their child, when he called God to wit ness that he knew nothing about her. Mr. Lewis submitted at great length that this wasnoo t an otfence under tie Bishop of Oxford's Act, which required that a woman should be procured for the purpose of defilement, by false pre tences, thlse irepresentations, and fraud ulent means. Thel case, he contended, lacked all those ingredients. She had, by her own admission, long corresponded wvith Clarke, and instead of being dle .luded from home by any filse pretences, she left of her own firee will, for the ex press purpose of seeing Clarke. There were no fraudulent means used. She was not coerced in any way, btit, with the romantic spirit which sometimes actuated young ladies, left her home of her own free will, cared nothing for her home, nothing for her parents, but re niained comfortably at the lodgings un til she was fetched by her mother, and then found it necessary to make up the best story she could, to stand well with her fiendls.--Ir. Paynter committed the prisoners for trial at the Central Criminal Court. C?IARGE OF ABDUCTING A YOUNG JEwess.--At the Mlarlborough1-street Police-court, on Friday, Captain Joseph Erlamo, holding a commission in the Militia, residing at No. 54, Queen's radl, IBayswater, was brought before Mr. Binghnam, charged with the abdnc tion of Rose Goodiman, a girl under 16 years of age. Mr. Morgan was for the defendant, Mr. Lewis, of Ely-plhice, for the comnplainant. MIr. Lewis stated the case, from which it, appeared that the prisoner formed an acquaintance with the girl, then living with hlier parents in London, and that he induced her to leave England under promise of making hei his wife, although he was a mriuied man. That after remaining on the Con tinent for several weeks hlie left the girl at an hotel at Mayence; that the girl wrote home to her parents, and the fa thier telegraphed back to the landlord to have his daughter detained; that the jrisoner returncd to the hotel, paid the bill, took the girl away to Ostend, and then gave ,her up to her father, who thireatened to givethse prisoner into custodtly for abduction the first time he saw him in England. The prisoner was seen in England the previous evening, and was given:into .custody. Rose Goodman, daughter of the well-known sporting character known as Goody Levy, a well-grown attractive Jewish girl, was then put into the witness-bsx and swovrn. She said:--"' I amni living. with my father at 31, Oxendon-street, Hayioarket.'. I.was 16 years ofa oe last Octobeir. In the month of July last I was residing in the New-road, Hammer smith. My mother was thbrn alive and my 'cousin was staying 'vith me. I was out walking one day, when I inade the acquaintance of the prisoner, who gave me his card, which I showed to my father, and he tore it up and was angry. The prisoner was then lodging near the barracks. In consequence of some thing that transpired, I was removed to Brighton, and my mother accompanied me, but as she was very unwell she was unable to walk out with me. I saw the prisoner at Brighton and I walked out with him several times without the knowledge of my mother. Before I left 3Brighton the prisoner asked me to marry him. He did not say'whether hlie was single or married but he said his mothlser wais a very religious woman and that lihe could not marry me in England, for if he married without hIis mother's consent, lihe sul loseost ls several hundreds a year. He asked me my age, and I told him I was not then 10. I told thie prisoner I wvould not leave England without being first married. I returned to London in August last, and went to reside at No. 31, Oxendon-strest, with my parents. After I returned to London, I mdt the defesdant at thie bottom of the Hay market, according to a previous ap pointmnent. I took nothing with me on that occasion but the clothess I hadl:on. I left all my ottier clothes antd sny watch and chain at home. ''.I remaimned with thle defeitlndant about six or seven weekcs. I wrote sosveal letters to thie dufendant befois Wde left Englanid." Crosd examninedl by Mr. Morgan--HIaud corres ponded iwitlh thie defendant plrovious to Ihis making Iproposals of :sarriage. Was not aware tile defenlant wLa a marriedl man; if she Irhad known he was ma.rried she would not hlive kept up tile acquaintance. She went away with hlm willingly. Mr. Morgan contendled that theore was no evidence a'gainrt tile de fendant. Thle complainant left her father's house voluntarily, andl in tlhe clase of " the Queen v. Eihwr'rds,"eirere a servant girl lhad been indurced to elope from service, Baron Pairke hield tihat suchl a case didl not constitute a cldnrge of llhduction. 'A long discussion erinred between thie legal gentlemen, after ,hich, Mir. Bing'ham said-" I think tliereis a isulRicielt distinction between this case and that of the "Queen v. Edwards" to induce me to say that tile charirge must be settled by a higher tribunal. But I have so macr doubt about thie matter, that I shlall admit tihe dlefendrant to bail. I must hiave two sureties of £250 anl the defendant's recognizance of -£500, to appear next Thursday." Thie defendant is reported to ihavoe been in tile Austrian Service. DAr:Aina. BunoaARY AT Y'RItDLEY VrcauAna .-One of thie most defing anrd violent biurglaries perputrated for some time past in this neihlbourhood, was committed on Wednesay night, or rather early on Tlhursday morning, at the Vicarageo, Yardloy. About two o'clock, tile. RevM. ? r.Gwyther was awakened by a loud noise, nsubsequently ascertirined to have been caused by tie bunsting open of, the hall door." Tihe burglars were sihortly afterwivrfds heardr ascending thie stairs, and on reaching the landing proceeded immedliately to tile reverend gentlomnan's bod-room door Mr. and Mrs. Gwyther rushed to tie door of tlgir apartmnent, in hopes of pre venting thie entrance of thie ruffinns. All the resistance they were able to oflfer was entirely unavailing. Thie burglars broke opoen the door by furious kicks, and two of their number entered the room, thie one armed with an iron bar, with which hie strucek Mr Gwyther across thie neck, fortunately .without inflicting any sbrlious injury, and thie other with a pistol, which 'he presented at that gen tleman's head. Both tile riutlians uttered tile most outrageous threats, one of them in particular calling upon his comrade to beat his brains out. A third burglar below stairs now called to his associates, inquiring if "more should come uip," to which, evidently confident in their ability to.overpower any resist ance, the robbers repllied, "Nod, thiey were enoulhl for them." Mr. GOwytler entreated His assailants to spare hris life, and they should have all hIe.could wivo them. They at length desisted from their violence, having extorted fiorn him a.promise not to prosecute them. Mr. Gwythler then delivered up to them two valuable watches, some jewellervy; and other property to thie value of £830. They next demanded tie'communion plate, but on being told .thart it was not, in the house departed itfter' rome fiur tiler searching. ?Irs. Gwyther then proceeded to call up her brother and tihe servant man, who slept in tile back part of thie houseiand lind not been disturbed by thie noise made by thire burglar:s. '1hey were, however,,toolate in alipearr ing on tihe scene to render any assist ance, and the rufilans effected their retreat wvithlout molestation, carryling with them 'thoir ill- gotten plunder; BIr. Gwyther is unable to give any descrip tionof the thieves, excepting that ,one' of them was taller thihn the other, and dressed in *fustian clothes, while his companion wore dark ones. Their faces were disguised by crape masks. To show the evident deliberation and cool ness with which thie robbers acted,. it may bementioned, tirit it was discovered upon examination of the premises that the, back-doorL had been fistened by them on the outside, thus pieventiPg tie egress of 'any of thie inmates to gve an alainmi. A. bell lhad ale0 been c'rried out of the house and plaiced in an arbour in ,the garden, lest any one should ring it. A short ladder was also found ih thie garden, which had, no doubt, been .brought to facilitate en trance tlroigh tile bed-room windows, Ihad thie fistening's of the door been too stroni for thie thieves easily to force. SAVAGe ASSAULT BY a FOREIoNER. -On Friday, Victor Bunelles, a French man, was charged at Bow-street Police court with a savage assarault on a young woman named Jane Bryant,.who' de scribed herself as a dressmaker. The complainant stated that, having been at work late, slioe was geoin home to her lodgings at Kennington, about a qunarter to onei n the morning, when she encoun tered tihe prisoner at thie corner of Wel lington-sYtreelt and the Strand. He came uip to her and gave her a violent blow in the face, making tile blood flow fi'eely, and ferfully di.sfigunring her countenance. Sile gave him no provo cation, not having even spoken to him, and she had never seen him before. The prisoner being unrable to sleank Eng lish, iris wife came forwvard and offered to translate for him. I-He said that tihe complainant accosted him, and, finding that hie would have nothing to say to her, struck him in thie face and knocked hiis hat off. Complainant called as a witness William 'lTrelni-i e, who Isaid that' he sawv the whole transaction. Complainant came down Wellington street, and was about to cross the road townvarlds Waterloo-briugo, when the prisoner who came from the direction of the 'bridge, walked up to her witilout thie slightest provocation, and dlealt her Ia triemendons blow. She bled so pro fusely that in a few minutes there was a great pool of blood on tire foettvay, whIere it still remained. 'Mr. Jbhrdine sb?ntenced thie prisoner to 21 days' -im pisonment. ' .li E WAnWORTII MU?IaDIRS.-'l'he trial of Thiomas Fuller 'Bacen, mnithl, aged 89, and-hiswifel Mnrtlai:agedL;26, for thoe mudoir oftheir two chlilhren, one' threeo years anni ths eotlher lii inhfirt came on at the Centrdal CrilninrlCoiirit on Wednetsdly lIast.' From thie evidence of Ann MunrIo it appeared thit Bacon, ot the Sundly previous to the murllder, asked her' to comeo andtl stay with his wifi while lie was away at work, at Reitgate, as he did not like.lher to be left alone as she had only been oult of a lanatic asylum two months. The wit ness consented, iand the following after noon went to the house la; Lunbethl whllre Bacon'resided, but could miake nobody hearL.atllough slhe knckced, at intervals, for three hours. 'Ihoe next morning, about 12 o'clock, she went arigin with hlier mothler, and inmot Mr's. fiacon at the corner of tile street, wlho told them she was going to pay her tent; whlen'asked where sh?e hlald beec all night, sIe shisid rie had been at home, and'then, withont any ngitation, and as if it wasta matter of no inmport ance, added, solname mni got into tile hiouse las,, night anId iturtdored' the two childrten, ailtr~i[ tied to cit my tllroait." Tlhe two women went backl withlhler to tiL house, anti lfonlld the bodtly of the li'tle boy seated ini a: chaii with its llt;oat cut, and tihe irifant ly)ing ripnl thIe tloor in thile samne condition. A policenman stated that he was taklten to the house by die female' prisoner anl' the woman iPayne, ivliere Ihe saw the bodies in' the state described, ant mlon al night-gown,, the front of which was covered with blod.?; ie then took the female prisbner to thlistiition on tie chargo of nnurdering tlie children, asthe hid ascertained' beyond atill doubt thiit no person could have got into the hoinse. He admitted, in cross-exrunination, that Ihe belidved at the time tile woman was not in hern right mind, and stEll thlought so; she lhad novel dtisplayed any feeling whatever on thie matter. IHeT then went to eitgate, in plain clothes, nid broiught rp the male prisoner, hlut ivithoout tell ing him wwhat for, except that his wife was not well, andl he hlid been sdnt to fetch hini. The prisoner was .very anxions to knoir whalt had l happened. Tile tmatrln at I-orsemnongo er-lane gaol saidl the female prisoner was placed in her chatrge;, that tlhere was a wound on her throat and a mark all round her neck, as if a large cord had besh dratwn tightly round it, which wits muchl broader behind than beforo; also, thalit tihe shift tihe prisoner had on was bloody. The evidence of timhe surgeon seemed to show that the female prisoner lhad in flicted the worinds on her throat lher self. He found her lkft hand stained a brhown colour, as if blied had been im rer'fectly wa~slhed oflt the nails of 'both hiands were stained of a still deeper colonr. He tliourht she was not con sciolls of the act ttat had been commit ted, and did not think she was in hoe' ri'ghlt mind.. Tihe surgeon of the gaol was of tile same opinion as to the state of her intellects, and also thoughlt slle lhad 'inflicted thei iniuries upon herself. While MErs. Bacon wias under examina tion at.the.police court, shortly afet'er her apiproelension, shite askind the gaoler for a piece of paper, on which site wrote':-?'Sir, I must confess that I am an innocent person, and that he who committed the dreadftild deed was my lhusband: and thert, was no money in the draitor. IHe'pnt thh little boy in a ehairt, and'cut his'tlhr'oat, and then went up stairs and cut the baby's throat; and ihe' only is guilty." Thistle was read aloud by the magistirate,' who then or dered Tiacon into custody. The con duct of Bacon at tihe time was perfectly consistent with his innocence. The 'strongest evidence against him was the fact of his having told so many lies, altlouhl he might have done this to ecleen tis wiife, to whom he appears to liave'beeni much nattached. According to the evidence for the prosecution, lie was also very fiend of his chillr'en. Tue evidence of his fellow-workmen at Rei gate, hlowever, seemed to show that he rwas aware the children had been mir dtered when he camne to his work ori the Monday morning.".': He appeared in a most excited state all day, arid several tilnes threw down his tools and i'sat down for a qularter of an hour or twenty minutes in deep thought. Some slig!t? mharks'of blood were found on his trou sets, but he acyointed for this by saying he had cut his finger, which was folund to'have a cut uIpon it. Lord Campbell summed up stro?glyin favour of Biacon, when the pity'; returned a verdict of 'Inot guilty" as regardled Bacon, and acquitted his wife on the ground of in sanity. .]icon is still detained in cus tody under a warrant charging him wvithl tile murder of his mother at Statmfotrd, at which place he will be tried at the next assizes. 