THE EUPHRATES LINE. Oh whore will the century pause in its daring? Wlmt region's pnst reach of the screw anil the sail? What sea is too wide for our wires overbearing ? What mountains too high for our levelling rail ? From the bunks of Newfoundland we pay out the cable That's to bind North America fast to our shore, And, thanks to O'Shaughnessy, India is able To change thoughts in an Hour from Madras to Lahore. And now the steam Riant, our New World forsaking, Having bound Europe's ends, north and south, east and west— His terribla track through the Old World is making, Where the grey past's dead ashes she holds in her breast. By Nimroud's huge mound soon the ring of steam whist'es ' Will startle the stork on his desolate stand, And the throb of the engine will shake the dry thistles That wave their grey beards on Kouyunjiks parch'd strand. By the arrow-head rows of the records of Babel, The arrow-head flight of expresses will fly, And Bawlinson. Layard, and Loftus be able To drop in to decipher or dig, by-the-bye; Instead of the trucks with their freight of horn'd cattle To SinithOeld consign'd along each British rail, Weekly cargocs of huge winged bulls down (fill rattle For the British Museum, from Bus'rah to sail. No secrets the hoar East shall keep in her bosoiu ; Her riddles we'll soon have got out of the Sphinx. What chance will she have, poor old soul, but to lose 'em, When confronted by Birch, Botta, Norris, or Hincks? Old Cheops will stare from the top of his pyramis, To see navvies cutting his mummy-pits through, While from Nineveh's ruins the ghost of Semiramis On a new red-brick station looks awfully blue! But vain all our speeding ou main or through moun tain, Our bridging the ocean, our binding the land, Our drinking the gold's inexhaustible fountain, That springs to Australia to each delving hand. Vain, vain, all our moiling and driving and toiling, Our working and winning, gold nuggets, gold sands, Unless reverence and love .join to , wipe off the soiling 01 toil from our hearts, and of gain from our hands. Punch. Ciiiokf.t Match.—Yesterday a match was played in the Government Camp between two elevens selected on the ground, but consisting chiefly of men belonging to the Sandhurst Club. It had been intended that a match should be playvd between two selected elevens of this Club, but the members were not early enough on the ground. The playing calls fur no espepial mention, as it was vm- ratious—some very good playing being observable,' and, truth tq say, some as indifferent as we ever observed. There appeared to be u \va))t of djscinline among the men in the field, and when thing? got once jnto ca|iftiaio|i they were somutiine'before, they got rig|ited, an|l thp fipldmg was often a mere scramble after the ball. No dp|ibf t|)c <]ny wos witrm, and this made some difference, hi)t frqm i} phtb ambitious enough to think of challenging the Melbourne eleven better tilings might bo expected. In tlie fir«t Innings the eleven steeled by Mr. Nicholas made only 29 rnns, but in the second made 110, in all 141!. In the second innings Mr. Ilasker made a score of' 28, Mr, Qi|tten 17, and Mr; "°,t opt. 25.. Mr. S°hlers side ip tlio first innings got 18'of whicli were got by Q. Fly, and 10 by Alnnsen. In the second innings a score of 47'was obtained, no one making ft high score, Mr, Nicholas' side thus winning b v ^ 57 ^ run?. The best linttinr was unqiiesuonaui.i mat of Mr. Kohlcr, who had to contend with the splendid round armed bowling of Mr. Clissold. The bowling of C, Fly in the first innings on the other side was very good. After the match there were various foot races, in which. Messrs. Enunett, Marks, Carpenter, Eyuj!® Knight, and BeloW took part, and «oin» ' nmniwr. w»« u:L"-' ... 6you | ... .....tutwcu. Tub MnNicii-At, Court. —The only business transacted at this court yesterday was despatched in about five minutes. Four Chinamen, who (in custody 011 suspicion of robber}-, were remanded for three days; and one enthusiastic Bacchanal wns fined 5s. Eagmmiawk P01,ice Court.—Mr. M'Lachlan held a Court of Petty Sessions hero yesterday instead of Thursday, which was New Year's Day Nothing of any public interest was transacted, there being only two drunkards and an assault case, in which ono of the " old hands" of Sydney Flat assaulted Mr Miller, of the Thistle Hotel, and was £5 for his trouble. Brnoioo Baths.—During1 the late hot weather these baths have been very generally patronised, and certainly nothing enables us so well to support the extreme heat of the weather and the dust as a refreshing and invigorating visit to the baths. New arrivals here may not. be aware of the exist once of these baths, opposite View Point, and that the inhabitants of this goldfield can partake ol such a luxury at a trilling cost. We cannot pay too high a compliment to the very neat and con venient arrangements and the uniform civility and attention of the proprietor, Mr. Maguire. Our Looaf. Conveya.vcks— Several . first-rate coaches l ave lately been put on the Epsom and Eaglehawk Roads, an'evident sign that the truffle carried on between these suburban villages and Sandhurst must be remunerative. Mr. Edwards of the Camp Hotel, Eaglehawk, has lately put on anew conveyance, which, were the roads good, would leave the traveller little to desire. Mr. Howard, on the Epsom-road, has also started a new conveyance which runs alternately with the old Argus, and is a fine roomy and easy-going coach. Then we have the Shamrock belonging to Mr. Brown, which he assures 11s was second to none in Melbourne. It is one of the convey ances that used to run to St. Kilda, is capable of carrying fourteen passengers, and altogether is a stylish affair. Then we have the Wellington, as also Mr. Stivens' Criterion, and three or four others all on this road. Fatal Accident.—Mr. Standish, in the absence of the Coroner, held a magisterial inquiry yester day at the Lord Nelson Inn, Job's Gully, touching the death of A Chong, a Chinaman, who was smothered by being overwhelmed at the bottom of a hole by a quantity of earth. It is richer sin gular that we should have to record two such accidents in one day, and that the victims in each instance should be Chinamen. It- will perhaps operate as a warning to the celestials, who are certainly an industrious body of men, not to trust themselves in ground which has already been un dermined, and whore they are always in danger of being killed. Escort -Arrangements.—From this date the gold escort will be presided ovar by a police and not a military officer, and the troops will have 110 more to do with it. Mr. Wilson ot' the policc came up yesterday in charge of the escort, which in future is to be placed under the command of Lieutenant Cossack. Hints for the Inspf.ctor of Nuisances.—There is a bye-law of the Municipality which forbids any one, under pains and penalties, removing liiglitsoil in the precincts of the township, unless consent.be first procured from the municipal authorities. This bye-law is continually being evaded at the Camp, and as that favored spot has hitherto laid claims to be considered the fountain head of legality, wc opine it ought to be the last to set the example of evasion of the law. We allude to She fact that the boxes or tubs in the gaol and lock-up are regu larly removed by the prisoners f under guard), and emptied we believe every morning'. And where do j'bu think it is done, Mr. Inspector? The liiglitsoil is thrown where, out of consideration of the water reserve at the foot, the Resident Warden refused permission for vcant to every application to erect puddling-inills, fearing that a deep and wide racc cut skirting the sides of the gully by which the slush could he carried away clear into the Bendigo Creek, would not be sufficient to prevent the water reserve receiving contamination. Yes, the filth of the gaol is en: plied regularly into Com missioner's Gully to drain itself into the water re serve below, and as the gully is becoming gutted, its contents being taken to supply the IG mills at work along Bridge-street, we shall soon have to experience the great benefits which the conti nuance of f e^nuisance will bestow on us. Macistf.uiai. Inquiry.—A11 unfortunate China man named Ting-Wintr, residing- in the vicinity of Myers' Flat, was working in a hole on Wednesdav last, when the earth fell in upon him, and the poor fellow was|taken out quite dead. Mr. Barnard instituted an enquiry into the circumstances j-et terday, and, having heard the statements of Tarious parties who could throw any light upon the subject, came to the conclusion that death had been the result of accident. The Weather.—Yesterday was an intensely warm day, the atmosphere resembling that of an oven. We were visited by the first real, genuine hot wind we have had this season. The languor induced bv it was extreme, and in the after part of the day the heat was particularly oppressive. When night set in, a series of brilliant and fre quent coruscations were to be observed in the heavens, the aspect of which seamed to indicate tin! speedy approach of rain. During the night the wind changed to the southward, bringing up heavy threatening clouc's ' The Sandhurst Gaoi,!—1 he gaol was visited vesterdaj by R Collis, Esq., deputy sheriff, and F. Wilkinson, Esq., ?Jaster-in-Equity. These gentlemen were perfectly satisfied with the condi tion of the miserable dog-hole in which our pri soners are confined, and intimated that a new building would be provided as sjon as possible. . The caol contains at present seventy - eight ! persons, including eleven tmnlcs. Twenty-three prisoners are awaiting trial, and the remainder arc serving various short sentences. As the subject of penal discipline is now being extensively discu-s^d, it is earnestly to be hoped that those who hold the purse-strings of the colony will without further delay erect a building into'which an unfortunate evildoer can enter without feeling degraded to the level of a brute, and where he can have light and air, and where, moreover, there will be provision made for his spiritual necessities, for at pres.ent the ministers of the gospel of peace avoid the Sand hurst gaol as they would n pest-house, and a reli gious service is never heard within itsjlo^s. We observe also that the new iron lock-up is nearly completed, and while we admit that the structure is very well adapted for keeping prisoners in safe custody, we cannot help bfingjfctruck with the idea that the heat of the cells will be so intense that when the lock-up keeper unbars his doors some fine day for the purpose of bringing a de faulter before the Bench, the miserable being will be found dead from tho efiects of heat literally roasted alive. — Murder nv a Chinaman.—A letter has reached our townsman, Mr. Borthwick, from his station, Auburn Vale, Byron, New England, giving a brief account of a murder and attempted murders by a Chinaman, named Feely, known up to that time as a q\iiet, inoffensive liian. The letter is as follows :—"Auburn Yale, Byron, December 13 — Thu Chinaman has murdered Airs. Howard the spot last night, anfl Martin was split up to bring down the ewes this morning, and was stabbed, and I thjnk cannot live. In short, everyone of the children, with the exception qf (.hp oldest S-!'1 is sore wounded'* Hoxwd, It • p,rc tho^yifg of a Miepherd ou ^,e stntion, and'her liusbnnu wns »Vray shearing at the head station. 'Chinaman wus employed at a station four miles from where Howard lived. Mr. Borthwick supposes that when Martin (Mrs, Howard's eldest sou) went to his father's station to fetch down the pwes he fp\in$ hi? mother murdered, his brothers tind sisters wounded, and was himself attacked and stabbed by the murderer.—Muillani Mer cury, Lake Wanooom.—This magnificent lake is, sin- 1 gular to say, destitute of 'fish : even cb'is, we I'Clifcve, cannot be found in its watfcrs. The depth is from twenty-five to tliirtv f;.ct( n gcnprally hard bottom! That s^- rltc^ Qi() 00|0nii.t, G. Som?r viUf< ^<10 I\as p spjen\lid property 00 the east ban!;, lias foteVv gono ta the expense of stocking. tl*a lsike. with several dozons of^ various kinds "of ftsh- from the Hopkins, and it is to be ' *' »*norlment will 6VlS?«?di_ 600/ Exuminir, 