ejo';oniaL *tntlUilgelnc. A GHOST AT WOLLOMIB. WE find tine following in the Maitland 2iercurjy: A rather incredible tale has been nar rated'by several persons from Wollombi, whilst in Maitland, during the Assizes. The statement has been corroborated so far'that" the woman who says she has has been favoured with'a visit` from a ,denizen of another world- is known to reside oin the Qiarrybblong Estate, and iin the cottage which is referred to. Thie story runs thtis:-A woman named`Las kett, shortly after her arrival in the country, some three. years since, went and took up,heid abode in a hut- on the Quarrybolong' Estate, the property, we believe, of Mr. Close. Frequently Mls. Laskett imagined that she saw a some thing which she could not describe, ap parently playing athide end seek among the trees, and then aritind the linut, but, having no belief in ghosts, she put it down aspann optical delusion.. Within. the last six months, however, this mys terious something assumed. a more na tural form. At first, it appeared likeoa bundle of woman's clothes, shspeiided in the air, and used to delight in.hovering over a water-hole in the creek, a little distance from Mrs. Laskett's hut; but the momentary fear and trepidation which was occasioned by this apparition having subsided, nothing more was thought of it. At last, the woman's clothes, when next seen, were on an an ap parently aged female; her face was pale and wan, and miserable to look upon. Lifting up one of her hands, she beck oned Irsn. Laskett to follow her; but flesh and blood could not stand the fright, and the poor woman had fainted. Night after night this ghostly visitor appeared, but fright prevented Mrs. Laskett from obeying her injunction. At length, ste determined Ulpon the next visit to muster up courage enough to address the ghost, and ask her why she continued to haunther. The next niglt cainme, and at the usual hour the ghost appeared, looking a shade more misera ble than ori previous occasions. " Mus tering up courage, Mrs. -Iaskett said, * "Who are you?" The ghost then told her that her name was - , and that .many years ago she resided in that hut, .that whilst there she had been foully murdered by - , and beckoning with her hand, -she said, "Follow me, and I will show you where I lie buried.". Mrs. Laskett followed, and was taken down to this water- hole over which she had so often seen the strange sights. The ghost was silent until arriving at the hole, when, turning round, she said, "My body is there," and disappeared. Since then Mrs. Laskett had not been troubled vith her visitor. Not knowing what to think of this apparition and dis covery, she decided upon taking the advice of her neighbours. This story .created some excitement, and this ex citemenit was increased whel, . upon senrching tihe records of the Wollombi Police Court, it was discovered that a woman named - had resided in'that lhut, and that she had disappeared in a most mysterious manner. A private inquiry, we are told, was held, and Mrs. .'Laskett was questioned and cross-'ques tioned, .but her story was in no way shaken. They were unable, lowever, to test its truthl, by searching for-the sup •posed:body in the water-hole,' in conse-. 'quence of the quantity of water at present in it, but intend, we believe, doing so when it subsides. We are also told that the person who was named as the murderer is still residing in the dis trict. What makes this strange story mniore wondrous strange" is the f?et of Mrs. Laskett beinug only a new luandin the colony, and, therefore, unacquainted with either the names of the former oc cupants of her house or with the cir cumstances of the mysterious disappear ance of an aged woman. 