METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From the Liverpool Albion, May ll.J Tbis being tbe first fino day this year, tba oooknoyn came out like auls in the sun, and made their way, Tor the most part, to Westminster. They were drawn thither by tho double allurement, 1st, of tho ringing of the groat bell, the only publio obaraotor that gives tongue now, and whioh government makes the nsjist op, -beoauso it dangs and bangs, ding dong, Uko all other olappors, for tho Lord Marquis of Carabas Palmerston i nnd, 2ndly, by tho exhibition for nothing of tho plans of what is to oost so muoh shortly. Tho vastness of tlioso schemes for tho future lodgment pf tho exeoutivo mnohino strikes ovory ono with amazement. All the buildings, when built, are to harmonizo with tho housos of parliament; but what are tho houses of parliament tn harmonizo with ? Nine mortal aoros of stono nnd mortar do they cover; but, after tho experience of yesterday and tho day before it is'olear that tho business they are assumed, by a very extravagant fiction of tho constitution, to have boen ereoted for, might he trans* noted in one of the onmraitteo-rooms, with plenty of room to spare. Indeed it is transacted in an apartment of similar dimensions already ; just over tho wny, nt tho " private official ' rosldonoo of tba First Lord of tho Troasury, in Downing.stroef," as tho diurnal record ors Bay, as though that side of Whitohnll were the freohold property of the member for Tiverton. Whatever was ' tho aroa of tho Star Chamber ought to sufHao now ; anything beyond is mero waBto. It may bo very interesting intellioonao in Mvorpooli moro particularly at the Palatine Club, whore oookory and cotton ure jointly discussed with like relish, that Mr. Bromloy-Mooro is put on tho Kitohen Gomraitteo of tho Iloiiso of Commons. ' But whnt's tho ute of that? Steaks in St. Stophon's cnn only be eaton by act of parliament : and though all nats of parliament are now fast boooming obsolete, that not is unalterable whioh says that no momber shall feed within the proolnots of hor' Majesty's [thatls, Lord Palmerston's]' pnlncn of Westminster boforo six o'olook, whatovor tho condition of tho representative appetite. But what heart onn any man havo for things, stqmaohio when ho feels that even 'if ho do sit down nt nix'to tho niinuto, hooping timo to that " toosin of tho soul, tho dinnor bell," tho noxt minute all the olootrio bolls in tho building shall bo pealing the requiom of tho day's doings, or rather no doings, tho porter shall havo yelled out tho vnlodiotory formnlity "Who goon homo?" ovory door shall hove slammed sepulchrally ; and tho pnssngos and corridors bo rebounding funereally, ns though the ghouls of Man* ohestor were perambulating up and down, hy way of sustaining tho grave Imposturo that they aro " mon of business," and aro walking ovar tho romains of tho Un- adorned. Who would run tho risk, tho certainty, of having to piny a Binglo knifo and fork in tho midst of a Rulto of robins largo enough to cxerolso a troop ¡ of yeo. . maury oavnlry ?-fooling like the last roso of summor, like " ono who treads alone some banmiot-hall deserted,", or like whatover oho you like/ but whioh tho patty eon* corned neithar likes, nor dosiras to ho likened to. Tbat'B the contingency wbioh now «waits any man who shall order bis dinner at Bellamy's, proprietor whereof, if bo hope ,, to esoape > starvation,. . will. bsvo to bring an aotion for the uneaten moals, that should have been oaten; ' But against whom ? ' Ostensibly against tho Speaker, but Chief-Justice Campbell will tell him that it must be against the causo of the calamity, and that-, causo is the cause of every thing just now, the Visobunt, to wit. . He was tho. cause of the house rising just after'six on Thursday-tho first night of the session-Ghost of .Brotherton, only imagine it I-and aa early last night. Monday . night will.ibo .earlier, still. No danger pf .opunts out ¡now.. There is nothing to count, for everybody counts fdr'nothing, and everything the same. Hayter will just have to shew himself, nt four o'clock in the afternoon, i merely to keep ^.appear- ances ¡ indeed,koeping up , Hayter's.. appearance is, now 'seemingly the. principal. responsibility of .tho adminis- tration', arid an increosingly'difflcnjt task it is'j'so much sb;-1 that if he goe'B on swelling a little largerat the pre- sent rate, on entronco, will have to' bo mode,for his own uso in tho/river-front of tho. house, for tho ordinary door-ways won't . be "wide enough. ' Ellenborough, ns' Samson Aflghanistes'carrying oil'tho gatos bf Somn'auth, and singing the song bf his'own triumph with' n thunder- bolt obligato, was a type'of bashfulness compared to the exulting.and;,abounding Whip-Wliip with (a capital w; mind, for nothing little will,.do for the great man now. The Taiier'and Tadpoleöcracy'öf the whole treasury dis-, triot wrigglewith'convnlsivetremourif'he'but glance dis-' pleasedly at them ; while even tba' Zingali gnzaof tho ada" mantino visaged Disraeli, and the, Corinthian. brass-faced- ' ness of,the List of the Barons,, frosh from the,metallic springs bf Malvern, aro ab'ashe'd beneath the annihilating condescension bf the 'overpowering member for Wells." With Palmerston ifmay.bb,;!! I and the Queen," but* with Hayter.it.i-i ".I and- PalmerstonVjIn. fact the right hon. ' GootlenougU's¡ego is a .pronoun pfsuch singular compre-, hensivenoss that it' ombracbs tho pluralities bf all the personnel 'bf the Governments' At least',' ho thinks' so ; and who is to; contradict I him?.' Not a soul;¡or nota body, if indeed body or spul caa be .said to belong to tho spiritless, nonentities, calling themselves, M.P.'s, instead of P.M.'s-Palmerston's members. . Once upon o' time, Duncombe was o' beau esprit ; anti used to poke up ministers with Whatever crotchet ho could- lay hold of. -And what complaint do you.think Tom has got now? .-,Tho small- ' pox.l. Yes, vaccination is now the one remedy ipr all the .iisenses of Bull.'.in" thp'ppiriipn of.tbo' onoo tremendous' Finsbury tribuno who'Was for lopping, off oil'hereditary, and' hierarchical limbs ns "the only preservative'df the constitution of the. British Hon, From this yoii'may. judge the rest.;Í , , : ,,, . , Such being tho condition ofilia Commons, how must it be.in. tho.other house? Why nohow. For.anything that is going on lhere, wo alight ns well be in tho middle 'of tliè recess'or'nt tho beginning' of the sossioh. You 'may imagino' tho stato of affairs when you learn that, ón .Thursday ovcning, while Grey wns .in tbo.raiddlo of a speeoh, and a . very good Bpceoh it was, deploring, tho degradation fallen on tho, country in conséquence of1 tho . JPwor " standard of ' publio .morals now being 1 set ' up, nnd 'which1 Mr. :-Wilson,' of .»ll. oroatnres in- creation, ; cohoes ¡with intense impressiveness iu his print,to- day, thc Dilke of Argyll was ..walking about, the floor with his. hands-Whero? rn' his'breeches''pockets ! Yen, arid'nearly''up'to' the elbows, too. Horrible I 'Fact, nevertheless. What'will Mrs. Beeoher Stowe, and all tho Uncle Tom- maninoal worshippers at, the. Shrine of Sutherland Houso Arch an pel i sm, say? British, reviewers havo lately been quizzing an American book'ot' etiquette,'wherein it is laid down ns not being oxnotly correct to' blow" your nose In a finger napkin,' or picld-your teeth with n'eniving fork while, helping a Indy to chicken..' Those admoni- tions on the part of the transatlantic author aro regarded by Saxon critics as being most superfluous. But 'sup-' poso a'Yankee editor wero to' get hold of an English journal saying that dukes, young dukes too, and dukes in office, moreover,,should not bo seen with their hands in their breeches' pockots, promenading in (bo middle of a debate, in tho middle of tho houso pf peers, with a flock of peeresses overhead,' and a penfold of bishops j looking on.' ' Why what a tarnation whoop of exultancy I would bo raised over. Trollopos Chuzzlowits, and all the ten thousand traducersKof tho elegancies that,pre. vail. beneath tho stnr- spiriglod banner ? It .would be to nb purposo to 'say that it is . only a Duko . who could dare do suoh a thing hero ; ' that such gracelessness in nny but a. grace would be an abomination ; but,that in him it ia looked upon ns a touch of nature, showing that, although tho Duke is post: roaster-general, he is nevertheless but human, only a man after all :-a fact whioh that stupendous personage himself sometimes seems to lose sight of. Tho truth is, however, that all tho ministers, even Harrowby, [who is al ways'in a state of astonishment, and very properly, that ho should be a minister,] have got tho Palmerston fidgets upon them, and, uoliKo tnetr master, moy sno it. They fool hipped, blue-devilled, tormented, bore at tho nuisance of having to go through : the farce of pr tending to do business in publia, when it is all arrange out and dried, in'priveto pigeon-holes already, and wi bo duly disposed of in their own proper date. Argy chafes under this preposterous formality of having como down to Polaca Yard ; ha can't sit still ; lie mu walk about ; and, not knowing what to do with h hands, or perhaps wishing to keep them' from cufUri Malmesbury for taking up his time, ho stuffs them inl his pockets-a natural (and, in a Saotahman, a mot national instinot ;-bettor there than in the people pockets, which would bo moro natural still, perhaps, i the head of Hob Roy house of M'CuIkm More. The Duke, howover, seton example of exemplary otter lion while Panmure was be- puOlng Ashburnham, i reference to which there is a certain allusion in ' th leading journal that shews there is a particular lady i tho General's oare, or the caro of his patron ; and wo al know what happens under such circumstances. "Loy rules tho camp, tho court, the grove, and love is heaven end heaven is Dbwb"-or taking care thereof, which i six of one and half a dozen of tho other. Dowb is i bachelor, or at least a widower;!and porhnps it isn't hi' fault that he is so, although getting on for throo score But, no more of that. Thoro havo been wheels withh whoels sinco tho world began to turn on its axis, and si there wi 1 bo to thc end of all things, crinolina included which indeed is the beginning and end of all mischief. Queer things are turning up iu all quarters now, twe of the queerest being the Admiralty turning out of Sil E.. Peel, and tho turning in to tho Colonial- oülco of Mr Chichester Fortasauo, who, in addition to othor verj surprising qualifications for the bowled-out Ball's place happens to bo brother-in-law to Uiqnhnrt, but withou David's partiality for striking at a particular root of ni ovil axe in headman's band. Fortoscuo being in fa vom of tenant right, his appointment will, doubtless propitia to. his fellow-ministor of Violoria's in Vic i torin, Mr. Cavan Duffy, whoso correspondence witt Clarendon must now be a curiosity of literatim with tho antipodean lieges. What with an Irishman foi a colonial sub-soarotary at home, and a whole cabinet 01 Irishmen in tho ascendant in nugget-land, there will bc soma tnlorablo pickings, or diggings, in staro far thc patriotio Saxon-hating pototo, But there never WOE such boiling ardour anywhero aa there is now every, whore for "situations" of any or evory sort; arid it will be a charity to give a hint that may. mitigate tho ovil. Your correspondent is in a condition to give a hint tc tho 187 now members of the now Parliament, who aro suro to bo pesterod for potronogo, of sueh vnlno [that is, tho hint, not tho patronngo] as should entitle him to a testimonial if there be gratitude in tho senatorial breast, "When n now member is asked for his interest, let him, aftor all duo affectation and circumlocution, tho trick of whioh bo will get into immediately, lamont lo bis pro- tégé that bo fears tho only influence ho has lies with tho Foreign Office, and of course anything suitable thoro is ont of tho quostion. Prologó prioks up bis oars in an apoplexy of delight. Foreign Office I Why it is tho very thing. The gifts in that dopartmcnt aro tho positivo prizes of pabilo life. Don't consulships abound therein ? and isn't evorybody in tho world specially fitted to be a model eonsul 1-just as evorybody is fitted to bo a newspaper editor mid thontriaal manngor, enoh knowing what would exactly please his own taste, wbioh is assumed to ba tho ono thing nooossary to be consulted. Salary is so good, opportunity so oapltal, position so respectable, duties so agreeable that tho boro thought of a consulship is nearly sufllotont to turn the brain of a patriotic place-hunter. Well, now member, finding that his trout had gorged tho bait, which bo does, down to tho very gizzard, [mimi-trouts have gizzards, nt least Slr HumphroyDovy Bays that's thocaso with somo very odd fish of tho kind ho picked up in Ireland,] plays him a while, sees Haytor, reports mys- terious shrugs, nods, winks, plnohos,and tho other gym. nastlaal ot-aotoras wherein intercourse with that Bphinxish individual is carried on ; and, at last, wo will assume, brings tho business to tho phantom of tho shndo of a hypothotlonl idea of tho possibility of au implied ooninoturo that thero may ho a chanco of the contingency of tho promise of an oponing somewhere This is con- sidered as making groat progrosa ; o plaoo-hunter will sometimes oonsuino years af his Ufo, in misery to him solf and torturo to his friends, and to tho Monds of his friends, to arrive at this stago. Ile will wasto a little fortuno in oxtra ol on n shirts, boot-leathor, mid oronm laid note paper, to get thus far j and anco como to that, ho laicos for gran tod that tho rest is all right; nor is bo over undaooivod till tho final minute, whon the daaisloti ROOS dead against him, kills his li o non, and tolls him ho has boen making a fool of himself. Wise old Oobbott, whoso constant injunction to young mon was "koop your oyea from Somorsot Houso," meaning all tho ronlma of red.fepéry,arid its enervating'emasculating influences. Well« *" it fi roguery, and not honesty,, ire are teaching, merslhcing is'perhaps oat of plaoo; gb proooed wo wita the directions in^dupory. "' " ' ; .?"?"?'>, Haring got on to tho aforesaid- stage, it is time now to think of the whereabouts of our Sancho's Island of Bara taria; and the member will.say, let us suppose/the rory first-named of tho very first country on the whole eon» sular list; HasBowah. .Of course the man never, heard of the place, and he asks where is it? Answer, Abyssinia! Or, proceeding alphabetically, say Antioch. Protegéis taken aback, Antioch is ' a long way . off, . However, it isn't quito so far as Jericho, and it'd some, .thing _ not. to go, there. But .take Jerusalem, Tripoli, Tunis,' Alexandria, or, in short, rio matter where,, pro. vided it is some outlandish pince whero some, craokjaw tongue is the'vernacular. Things now, wo willi pre sumo, real ly'are progressing, and tho noodle mnkesJsure that nil is right. Now ig.tho time for ' tho member to unmask.] ' He says,' just in n'careless off-hand-fashion, "By the'wny, those forëign-ofllco fellows' nr'o looking rather sharp after their emplpyèsjiistnowVbutof course you nre ait fait at' the language ?" " Why-ah-I can read French, but I can't speak it," «tammers tho verdant ono, in tho gibberish of the' advertising tutors,, who undertake to,teach, all. tho. dialects, of Babel . in* six lessons, ; of oourso wjtbbut a roaster. ? "French) my dear fellow," exclairhs the patron, " why it is Coptic that is required," or .Syriac, ,or. Arabic, or, Zunzibario [Muscat], or. whatever be the tongue proper .'.tootha particular place In question. Hero ia a settlor for ex. poctancy I/. The new oivil service, regulations are a perfeot safeguard for members in .this rospebt.. A -thorough knowledge of tho language of-the country a consul may be nppointed to is declared to bo indispon, sable; tboroforo n. membor may promiso a consulship when that qualification is met. What, remonstrance eonld thq unhappy place-hunter offer?--You say to him, "As noon as you'aro proficient in the idiom of the Comoro Islands-11 guannntee' you' the consulship at Johanne,' capital of that' highly interesting' ennibafistio 'group." What cnn be fairer ? The most unreasonable bf sinecuriBts would' admit that ho ougbt to be able to .ask for his quarter's salary in the current coin of the -realm'he may reside-in, and of. courso in accents not calculated loo'much to astonish tho natives. ' '( \- Warnings of this sort might help to turn a largo tide of non-fructifying genius in tho British Bank direction ; and then perhaps .the adventurers might hope to have read hereafter'of themselves, what they may read fq-dny bf tho forthcoming further sale next week of Rednath's lnxuni%_corisistir¡g bf his" " fino" specimens of Mnjorica andPatissy ware, beautiful LimogoV enamels,' exquisite cinque-cent, ivories, rnro jewelled .and pain ted, Sevres, gold'snuff boxes',!' pictures hy the first modern masters, and so on, the mi ro enumeration. of which would, toko an honest man's breath away, and the sight of which is not to be obtained except at n shilling a head. ,f You .shall ,hnve the upshot of tho knock-down this day week, . .when Christie and Manson's hammer falls on the wreok of the rascal's effects. Another noteworthy salo is one of autographs, at Put tick and Simpson's, bu Wednesday and Thursday next. .The first Jot on tho list is ono that possesses «¡orno passing interest from tho relationship of ;lhe writer to tho Duchess of Gloucester, the details of whoso' obsequies yesterday fill so largo a space iii tho journals to-day. It is from the Princess Amelia, youngest daughter-of George III., born 1783,' died 1810. It consists of :4 pages 4to.,, closely written, ,but no date. Tho compiler of tho catalogue describes it as " a most ohnrtning-lcttor,--. filled" wiih~tho tenderest Í expressions of feeling, hddrossed, . My poor Mary,' who, it appears, wns un orphan who lind enjoyed her protec- tion, but who had boen guilty of somo misconduct. ' She rid.tlrosfeV thc "most touching appeals tb the""orrong girl to retrace .her steps. A facsimilie printed in gold- mk (and no letter deserves moro than this to appear in letters of £;old) accompanies tho lot." There's,-.a courtly com- pliment, for .you ot tho-hands of-no auctioneer 1- -But how carno the originnl to bo written in gold' ink, SH of course it must bavobeen.if tho printing bo a facsimile ? Did Princesses writo toPaphiansinaurifcrouscallgraphy in " tho days of our hot youth when Gcorgo the Third wfls. King ?" -It is to bo. feared so ; and, if so, wo may be tolerably snro that " my poor Mary" didn't become . Magdalene in a hurry, and that the "erring girl didn't retraco her steps" ns long as her stops wore capable: of treading " the primrose path of Dalliarce." The epistle might be worth purohase at any prioe, now that there is an aristocratic agitation getting up for tba conversion of Traviatas into vestals by means very much analogous to tho royal gold ink homilies, and with results corre, sponding to such oorrespondenco, it is to be appre- hended. " A letter of a very different kind from a very different sort of Princess is that by Lady Augusta Murray, m defending tho legality of whose marriage with the Duke of Sussex the late Lord Truro fell in love with the issue raised-not the forensic, but the hymeneal issue-to wit the Princess D'Esto. She is now Lady Downgor Truro, and who, because she is so rich as to bo able to leavo much property to ? tho House of Peers, takes neorly one-half the whole fund nllowod by the Sfato for the assistance of nil literary mon and women in tho British empire, this job being man- aged as a set-off to tho other job of making Lady Cecilia Underwood Duchess of Inverness, os lost occupant of the dyspeptic thoughts of tho royal Sussex. Lady Au- gusta writes tho celebrated miniature painter of tho poriod thus-" If Mr. Cosway is not engaged on Friday, and will dino with nu > old acquaintance, No. 40, Lower Crosvenor-street, sho will promise him a good dinner, good wine, (but no varioty of that,) and n sin coro wol comc." Of course the artist was punctual; for when was there a moro alluring billet doux sinoo that of Lady Mary Monlngno to Gay, touohing " ohampagno andaohicken at last," with the additional piquancy that, mayhap, "he might bo rudo and she might forgive ?" And, while touching on tho tender passion, hero is a Blavo from htm who carried captive at ono and tho samo time two such hearts ns seldom belonged to tho offspring of Eve, to wit, Stella and Vanessa. It is by tho Dean of St. Patrick's, to Mr. Philips, at Copenhagen, Marok, 1708 -just lfiOyears ago; and as it is understood novar to havo bern published, and is certainly not to bo found in any known edition of Swift's works, it moy not bo amiss to givo it hero: "Your versifying in a sledge scorns somewhat pnrallcl to singing a Psalm upon a ladder; and when you fell mo that it was upon tho ice, I supposo it might bo a Pas tornll, and that yon lind gott a calenture, which maltes men think they behold green fields nnd groves on tho nofon. I supposo tho subject was lovo, and then carno in uuturally your burning in so much cold, and that tho ico was bott iron in comparison of her disdain. Then ibero aro frozen hcnrtsandmoltingsighs, or kissos,I forgot which. But I believo your poetio faith will never arrive at allowing that Venus was horn on tho Belts, or any Íiart of tho Norlhorn Soa. . . . . The town s run mud after a now opera. Pootry and good sense are dwindling like coho intoropolltion and voiee. Critic Dennis vows to G- those operas will bo tho ruin of tho nation, and brings oxamplos from nntinnity to provo it. A good old lady five miles out Town askt me tother day what these uproars woro that her dnughtor was always going to." Various items of nows, ¿to. What would tho Denn say now, or1 Critic Dennis say uithor, wcro they to seo and hoar tho operas tho town runs mad after?* operas maudlin onongh to mako a horso laugh, though certainly tho crentor of Gulliver had too much rospcot for his own Houhonyms, or somi-humnn eqninities, to make them grin at anything half ns lugubrious. Tba next curiosity is an autograph list of tho pupils of Henry Angelo, tho famous fencing master, inaludlng Abordoen, Anglosey, Byron, tho Dttko of Beaufort, icc, and thesotoons late as in 1821. Fanoy Aberdeen, fenc- ing, playing nt singlo stick I Tho Monuraont going through a hornpipe is about as natural an idoa of tho Habt fantastic toe, pootry of motion, and BO forth. AVhat would Mottornioh soy ? Ho would declaro tho Dolugo bad arrived alroady, and that thoro wasn't tho ark ovon of tho Holy Alllnnoo, willoh tho " frlond of forty years" had holped to construct, as a refuga from tho general insanity this pnrtioulor silliness would indi, oate. Passing from arks and diplomatists to craft and commanders of n different sort, wo como to Captain Bligh -"bold liligi]" indeed, though not hoof tho Bounty, but a Nolsonla individual in ohargo of a ship at Burmuda whenoo ho has boen disappointed in Ma hopos of return- ing homo by tho reappearance of " that villain Bona- parte," nnd writes-" Our blood is still boiling at tho namo of n Frenohman-therefore, Aillos, down, I say, down with tho d- Frenah villains, glvo them no quarter ; for certainly tho French nation now doserves no meroy shown thom in this world. Thoso aro tho doctrines I hold forth to my officers mid ship's oompany, and I -hnvo tho pleasure to say * tlioy havo intblbod thuin." Tender- hearted' tiger I Not only did your offluors and ship's oompany imbibo thom, but so did tho nflloers and oompany of tjio ship of tho State, including tho prosent Lord High Admiral for Britnnnin, Palmerston, then Socrolary nt War, who put a corporal's guard over " tho vllluin Bona porto" whllo hoing deported to St. Helena. Thoro is in this collection also a pago and a half folio an tho books of tho Bible, their contents, oharnoter, &o;, j by whom do you BUppnsn ? Tho " villain Bonaparto," who, at that tirao. spelt his namo with tho u ; and tho decumont In dosaribed ns " of tile blghost rnrity and curiosity,"! « it cortniuly ought to he, considering tho author and tho Buhjaot. 