THE NORTH CUMBERLAND ELECTION. About ISO electors assembled on luonaay, ai me Red Cow Inn, Parramatta, to bear the announce ment of the state of the poll by the Returning Officer. ' ? , , -, -, ' , . , In opening the meeting, Mr. A. Macdnugal said the numbers were— for Smith, 304.; for Parkes, 292 ; leaving a majority in favour of Smith of 102. He had therefore to declare Thomas 'Whistler Smith to have been duly elected. ,iuv Smith, who was received with very general applause, said— It was with no ordinary feeling of pride that he now stood before them as the success ful candidate at the past election ; and he entertained a deep and becoming sense of the responsibility that those who had elected him bad imposed upon linn. He had come before' them in the first instance as a perfect stranger, and as a man that was then about to pay a visit to Europe. But he hoped before long to become perfectly known to all his constituents, and by abstaining for sonie. years from his projected tour to the home country, he-would be enabled to give up his time to this country, upon winch all his hopes were fixed, and in which all his feelings were centered. Most heartily did he now thank those who had exerted themselves on his behalf: they had shown that the North Riding of this county was not under the influence of a particular party in Sydney, who were endeavouring to exert an undue influence in the country. He told them again, as he had done on a former occasion, that most truly and devotedly .was he in heart an Australian; that, though he might be .deficient in many points^ as compared with the gentleman who had opposed him, yet that he would yield to none— neither to that gentleman, nor to any other, in his attachment to the land which he had made the country of. his adoption— an attachment which would cease only with life itself. Hehad in the course of .this, elec tion ibeeni. called one of that class that had;been ''*'''-' calledj-iiot; very eloquently* ' blood -suckers 7,-rinen who made money in this country 'merely to- take to England and expend it there. Now, he mostiem phatically denied that there had been anything in the whole course of his life that could in any way subject him to having this term of reproach cast upon him. * Australia was his home by choice as by adoption, and would remain so for the remainder of his life ; and lie prayed that he might be permitted to live long enough to justify the good opinions that they entertained-of him. Those who had supported him, had voted not for him but for the principle which he represented ; and he would deny the right of that particular party in Sydney, to .which he had before alluded, to arrogate to itselfthe title of liberal; for the principles of the party which he represented were, truly those of liberality in every sense— a libe rality that would he more conducive to, the welfare of tins country than that contended for by others, and a liberality that would secure all the benefits of true liberty to the country and to its .inhabitants. In any great scheme of Electoral Reform they must look to a representation of interests, and not of mere numbers which would override all else ; and if oil this one point the country constituencies, were but true' to themselves, and would elect only such men as would stand fast to this principle, there would be no danger ; and he was now prepared to say that if, when -the present Assembly were dissolved,; they should again deem him worthy of their confidence, if they re-elected him it should be on his part with the distinct understanding that he would forsake his intention of visiting England, and would devote himself, at all events during the remainder of the next .Parliament, 'to the service of the country in which he'had lived sb long, and which he had' now to allintents made completely arid entirely his own.' He would :beg of them not to expect tod much from him — a young-man who had yet much to learn, but who for their-sa'keswas quite willing to study arid to ponder over every question that was likely to affect their interest He should go into the Assembly with the single, high, and firm determination of voting in acaordance-witli what he believed to be, the best calculated to .promote the welfare and well being of the country. . Mr. Parkes -said-. — He admitted the full force of the argument ,put forth by Mr. Smith — that he (Mr. Parkes) .was not identified with the feeling of that constituency. That was the fair deduction to be taken from the action of the general body of the electors. He thanked them/for selecting .such a ., ? contlemai-4o.jepresent-;tliem — a:. gentleman, as .he ? said before,''in '?whom' they' miglic'welh'bewproud.' (Cheers.) He knew that Mr.Smith was'anianvof st'eady unblemished integrity — a man of fair ability —he knew him to be a man who entertained many opinions in common with himself, and which .would be well represented by him in his' place in the; Council of the -country. Mr. Smith would, he was sure, confirm ifoe statement he was now about: to' make — that they had laboured together in discuss- ' ing some of the most important questions that ever agitated the country. (Hear, hear.) '; He alluded more especially to the time when they had laboured together in the -same association, and whenHhey had taken an active partin the same meetings— in which efforts they had been joined by their late represen tative, Mr. Darrall, in endeavouring, to infuse a larger spirit of liberality. into the constitution .under which they now Jived. (' Hear, hear,' from -Mr. Smiths He had no doubt Mr. Smith' would confirm by a similar expression of assent the statement he was about to make— that lie had urged upon him (Mr. Smith) to go into the Legislature .years ago. This showed that he had at all events no unfriendly feeling toward Mr. Smith, and that in this contest he had been. actuated by no feeling of hostility towards him. Heretofore they had agreed almost fully as to the principles which should have entered into the constitution of the country. They had only diverged from eacli other as to the- action of those principles since that constitution became the law, of the land; and as tothe manner in which responsible govern ment ought to have been carried out. He acquitted Mr. Smith altogether of any participation in the un just and slanderous attacks that had been, made upon his private character during the progress of this contest. It had been asserted of him that he had received a sum of money from Mr. «fanies Dick son, with a view that he would assist him (Mr. Dick son Y to a seat in the Legislative Assembly. It was further asserted of him that after such condition was entered into, he had become a candidate for the very seat for which Mr. Dickso'n was at the time,a prior candidate. About some nine months ago, when his affairs were, contrary to his wishes, made, 'public, Mr. Dicks'nn attended a public meeting Randan. riounced himself ready to be one of eleven, persons to . put themselves, down .for £1000 each to relieve him (Mr. Parkes) from a secured creditor, and'fo take up that security. ...This Avas dfitte by itfy'.'picksoh ;without any reference whatever to liitriseif ''(Mr. ?Parkes), and without his ever. having; kiiijwn'of. or. ?? proposed such a thing to .MrVDwkson;' previously .to this, indeed, hehad hot! spokerTmorc .tlion once or twice to that gentleman. ''.Subsequently^fc Dick sou had' given a bill for £500 ; this was in c'oh'ju'nc ? tion with others, m order to relieve him (Mr .-^Parkes) from the pressing creditor, taking by consent the security that creditor then held. 'Butviii no'way had he been in communication with Mr. Dickson ' in this transaction. When his name was' first rhen . tioned in connection with the candidature'- 'of the Northumberland Boroughs, so far from his being a candidate in opposition to Mr. Dickson, that gentle-', man at the time had waited on him and told him' that if he consented to become a candidate' for the Boroughs he (Mr. Dickson) would support him, and do all in his power to secure his return. He' had declined even under those flattering circum stances to allow his name to appear as a candidate. It was not till after the third week of the progress of that election that a person wrote to him to know, if he (Mr. Parkes) we're elected for the constituency, would he take his seat. Having at the time made up his mind, if elected, that lie would sit, he wrote to ins tnends so ; and that was all the part he had * ever taken with reference to his candidature for that constituency. He also stated in a letter to his friends, that, if Mr. Dickson was a candidate, he ( Mr. Parkes) would not consent to come forward ; and under these circumstances, lie advised them to withdraw his name, adding that, with Mr. Dickson in the field, it would be extremely disagreeable and painful in every way to put himself forward. The affairs of the country at present were in such a state ot confusion as would require a wise head and a strong arm to extricate her from. South Australia — funned into a colony only twenty years ago— now took the lead of them in all' the traits and charac teristics of a people of British origin. The position she held in a political sense, the measures introduced into her councils, proved that she possessed men who had a more comprehensive conception of the true . spirit of the British Constitution than any set of men at the present at the head of affairs in this country. This was manifest in the progress made by the two colonies. South Australia had, comparatively speak -U£, more productive wealth than New South Wales, Victoria was also leading the'van. The population' of that colony excecdpd that of New South Wales by 150,000 souls. No doubt this was to a great extent owing to the gold discovery, but if wise and proper measures had been adopted here in the government of the colony they ought and would have kept pace with Victoria in a much more favourable ratio. They were now far behind Victoria in population, and in a few years they would even be behind South Australia in that respect. With all this they were saddled with an enormous debt, while Government was unable to raise sufficient money to carry on the public -works of the colony. They were now a people with politics so shattered, that it was, in fact, difficult for a man coming before them on an occa sion like the present, to state clearly what his politics were. Mr. Smith had told them- that, if re turned, he would go into the House pledged to no party, and again, lie (Mr. Smith) had thanked them for the triumph they had gained for 'the party with whom he (Mr. Smith) was identified. He did not accuse Mr. Smith with inconsistency, for he saw how unintelligble and hew fallen was the tone and spirit of political life in the country. They had not only yet to mould and direct public opinion to the principles of good government, but they had to direct government into a proper channel. Mr. Smith then proposed, and Mr.Parkes seconded, a vote of thanks to the returning officer. ~ Confirmation.— On Sunclnylasi-, pursuant to;the announcement which had been mo'de soino time previously, his Grresthe Archbishop adminis tered the Sacrament of Confirmation to ayevy lar^o numberof candidates. The accommodation afforded by the present church of St. Michael having been deemed insufficient for the purpose, a temporary altar had been erected on the south side of the church, and nn awning extended over tho whole of the urea in front of it, protected the congregation from the rays of- tho sun. 'Cho pillars supporting tho awning wore twined with evergreens, and thus imparted a peculiarly cool and novel effect to the scene. This was still farther increased by the pic turesque dresses of the candidates, who were all, at least, tho female portion of them, robed entirely in white, according to a very ancient practice of tho Church, and they thus afforded an admirable con trast with the gorgeous vestments of the Archbishop, and thoadornmentsof the altar. About two hundred nnd fifty persons ratified their baptismal vows, and received tho Sacrament of Confirmation upon this occasion, and among them, we understand, were many converts. The Archbishop both before and after the ceremony addressed the candidates with his usual affectionate eloquence upon the various duties and obligations of tho Christian life which they had then taken upon themselves, and adverted in moving terms to the high responsibilities which devolved upon them, as well as to the many perils which they would encounter in their transitory ca reer through this world, and ho was listened to by the very large congregation present, with tho most marked emotion and attention. His Grace again in tho evening at VcBpcrs, recalled these subjects to the minds of tho candidates then present, at greater length than time had permitted in the morning, and nn Monday he left Bathurst for Sydney attended for several miles on the road, by a large cortege of hoi-semen, pedestrians, and vehicles, anxious to show this last mark of respect to their beloved Metropo litan. We understand that, pvorokingly enough, the grant of land for tho Catholic Ceraetiy arrived in Bathurst on Tuesday, just too late to allow of the consecration of the land by tho Archbishop on his late visit. — JBatlmrst Free Press. Hie opening of the Exchange will take place on the 30th instant, on which occasion a ball on a grand scale will be given. A correspondent of the Iilawara Mercury writes :— The ghost I mentioned a short time back still continues to send foith its strange and tremen dous sounds. On the evening of the 1st inst. nine persons went out to endeavour to dispel the mystery which surrounds this matter. I1 or tins purpose three entered the swamp, the other six stopping out side to see that the monster did not make his escape. Not many moments had elapsed after the three had entered the scrub, when the dreaded stranger gave, forth a bellow ; which'. made the six outsiders fancy their legs were their best friends, and they' made ' off^ .iaE'qiiick.aVttay.eonld.l^aWi^ to get out the best way they might. The three, ?stout-hearted explorers said they got so near as to hear the breathing of the monster. Some still affirm it is a bird, others a crocodile, another says it is a hippocentaur, but Mr. Berry says he saw it, and it is a bird. Be this as it may, many still stick to the belief that it is something supernatural, as no known animal has such a powerful voice. I trust I will be able, to tell you of its capture in my next report. Mixed Marriages, and their Results. — '. : Sackville M'Kay appeared before the Central Police Court on Wednesday, haying been apprehended on , a warrant — a summons having been treated by him as waste paper— charged by Rose, his wife, with : having, on the 4th instant, unlawfully assaulted her. Complainant stated that, on the day named, her husband seized her by the hair of her head and threw her down, and then kicked herabbut the neck, shoulders, and body until he was ? tired, which covered her with bruises, and from the effects of which she is still suffering in the left side ; she had offered no provocation, and lie was quite sober, as he always is ; they had been nearly three years mar ried, during nearly the whole of which period she had been cruelly treated by him. Tlie assault of which she now complained was the third he com mitted on her within that week, and she is now afraid of her life. Defendant alleged that his wife had perjured herself iii her deposition, and thattlie ground of their difference was that she, being a Roman Ca tholic, insisted upon bringing up his child in con formity with the principles of that Church, to which hehada very strontr 'objection. He, however, did riot attempt to deny having assaulted the complain ant. The Bench sentenced him to pay a penalty' of- 40s., and to give sureties to keep the peace for six months, or in default to tie imprisoned three months. For! several weeks past Mr. Roberts, the Minister of tho Free Church of England on Ararat, has had unenviable notoriety, in the'local press. JTis authority for the solemnisation of marriages has ' been questioned by a portion of the: inhabitants, while the rev. gentlemen himself emphatically reiterated that hia power was unquestionable, and an ncrimonioiisicontroversy has been the result. Bishop Periy has written to the Ararat Times, ..'acknowledging that Mr. Roberts is a minister of the Church of England, but has had no authority .from/him to exercise his ministerial functions in1 thiB clibceso. 'It seems that' Mr. Roberts arrived 'in Melbourne' during the Bishop's absence, and'' was employed by the Rev. J. Choyne, with the consent and at the suggestion ot the Dean, thon Vicar-General, as his assistant at Castlemiune. After a short time Mr. Clieyne found it necessary to put nn end to tho engagement, upon which lio ;? brought an action against Mr. Choyne, for money which he alleged to be owing to him ; but in this he failed. Upon leaving Castlemaino ho wont to South Australia, and obtained employment from -.the Bishop of Adelaide, who also felt it necessary, ? after a little while, to dismiss him. Ho then brought an action against tho Bishop for defamation, in which he failed. Upon the Bishop's return, Mr. Roberts addressed to him soveral scurrilous letters, which olicitcd a roply from his diocesan, declining to carry on any correspondence. With reference to his solemnisation of marriages, remarks tho Bishop, 'I have directed my Registrar to take such stops as ho may deem advisablo in tho niattor. Mr. Robot ts has nevor been licensed by me to oflloiiite in my tlioceso as a Minister of tho. Church of England Act.' Sineo this Mr. Roberts has written tho following loiter to the Bishop : — ' Mr. Roberts has no desire for the friendship nor patronage of Bishop Purry and his ungodly and immoral and dishonesl clergy ; but if they do not let him (Mr. Itoherts) alone lie will bo under the painful necessity of treating thorn (the Bishop's party) as villains and assassins. I am sorry to find Bishop Perry so blind to tho immorality of some of his clergy, who, totally destitute of Christianity (such as Stretch) ono of tho most vilo persons that ever camo to Australia— a disgrace to society, much more to tho Church. Let Dr. Perry's party lot me alone, and I will let them alono, as they aro desti tute of the one thing ncodful, and as they are such as my friends Simeon, Scholefiold, Cams, Biekersteth, Howols, &c;, would havo treated as heathens. Ono of Dr. Perry's men has collected about £500 on Ararat, and pocketed it, not building tho church | with it, nor accounting for it to tho Bishop.' ! Comment is unnecessary. — Melbourne Age, Dec. 8. 