PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. THE SERVANT'S WARNTWO I am married to a wretch, who beats and kicks me like a brute, So that I'm all over bruises on my skin from head to fnnt oth mj eves is black, you see my nose is flattened to i my face. ~ ? i h, that I was still a servant, aad had never left my i place 1 ' ' ? i here I used to have my wittlet reg'Iar, vegetables ' meat, ' - lead-aad-butter, bread-aad- cheeso, at muoh as ever I ' could eat ' . ' 't.a, and toast, and milk, and sugar, plenty ; lots of ! table-beer ; - * : That besides cad any woman want ? Whit fools we are, ] oh dear ! / . * « . i Tow I'm that reduced by want ray bones Is nearly : through my skin, : janse my drunken husband spends my doe maintalnance on his gin, : . lien, wherein, if I was minded, I might feed until I bust, - - Fow my meals Is many a day a drtp of water and a crust. f akin' beds and washln' tea-things, pistes, and dishes, then 1 thought ? hrerwork and too hard labour j more to do than ser vants onght. Vhich I ofUn of my Missus used to grumble and oom plain, low I eees how much more wiser 'twotfdj have been for to remain, larder my oncertain livin* now I finds it is to earn 5y my washiii' and a mingle jften nobody to turn.' Then a little exixa cookin' slavery I used to call ; iow I slaves and glad enough of anything to cook at all. low mmch trouble then I thought it sometime bavin to attend To the children, snch as d ess 'em, or put on their things, or mend I ' Little did I think to be with hslf-»-dozen of my own, Sot a mort ial soul to help me, doin' for 'em all alone., (That a stupe I was to listen to a suitor's flaUerin' talesl Which an appy ome has cost roe, ansome wsges, keep, and vails ; Missus sne was right in sayin', 'You'll repent your bargin, Haan. Spite of which I went and did it— minyin' tbe baker's man. By my fate All maids take warnin', which I mean don't warnin' give, In a hurry for to marry, comfortable wnzre you live, Far the wast of all bed-makin'— now yon mark the words I say— ... ? ? ' Is the sort of bed that I made, snd on which I'v* got to lay. . . ADVICE TO OLD WOMEN. ' (OT BOTH BXX18.) : ! Tour money will never be safe. Punch declares. While you keep with it parting for rotten Bank shares ; It more safe in old stockings or teapots had lain,' . : Or in some carpet-bag or box marked with your natna. Not a bubble now borsU not a bank fills to ground, Bat shows how directors keep robbing around : How the company's ftmds to their own use they take, : Then suspend their cash payments, and scarce them selves make. Recent cases in point clear u noonday disojow How accounts may be overdrawn under the rose ; White the manager acts as a sort of head cook, And keeps tbe thing dark in his own 'litila book.' * Now as long as subscribers are found for the soap. That the blowing of bubbles will cease there's no hope } ? So, old ladies, be warned, such investments forsake, And in safety your cash to Threadneedle-rtreet take. THE HEMBEES1 BABXY-CLOSIJTG- ASSOCIATION. We are delighted to learn, and every reader of the newspaper will fetl a corresponding thrift of joy to hear from us, that the earl/-closing movement is fast ga[ninjr ground in Parliament, and before long will receive full hgislative confirmation. Of this we are «s«ured by a clairvoyant gobemouche. who professes to have seen the rough draft of a bill, wblih be tssumes will be brought forward under Government auspices as soon as ever Lord Palmenton has been returned for England, aad will be en titled ' An Act for the shortening of speeches in Parli v nvnt, eud for the early closing of the mouths of the . longer-winded numbers.' Of this important measure, whioh a: 'time is money0 will efiect so immense a saving to the nation, that all true econom'tts must cer tainly support it, wo believe that we shall bieak no con fidence by giving a precis :— Pmjjhix— Whereas it is expedient that means should be adopted for the earlier ahntting-up of certain Iong-loaged orators, and for affordia? relief to the re porters snd readers of debates, aad facilitating tie pro« ?nisivs course of n*eful legislation : Ejricxicux.— Beit thtrtfcn naotid, that within fiw minutM from th* pantaf of this Act, and thsBC«fbrth hroughoutthls and every succeeding session, it shall not « lawful for any member, either of tbe House of Lord* r Commons, to get up to speak when he has nothing to iy, and, according to precedent, would occupy an boor r two or three in saying It, N r (hall it be lawful far ny rising barrister to rise more than sixteen times ia ny Kitting, or to speak for tbo mcro take of heaiins; imself speak, or to hold a brief from the Governmecs 3 talk against time, or otherwise to exercise his voids i Parliament for professional or personally sdvertiilnir urposos. And tha Speaker hereby is directed to call to rder any member who may break these rule», and enerallv to cut short any eptech in which at least half grain ol sense be not discernible in the hearing, oweverit be capable of polish in the paperi. Pekaltt.— Any momber who may be convicted of ny of tho abovo offences shall, cm the first, reoelro -rm»l warning, and on the second be banished to tell&my;'s for the remainder of the sittinp; a Ucket-of-leav* einjr granted him to return to vote in the event of ? melon. CoMPJirSATioir.— In cases where extenuating circnm» t«net:s can be reasonably pleaded— as. for example, when lie offender ia a Scottish grievance champion or a May* ooth monomaniac— tho House shall beat liberty to auction that he be allowed tho compensation of a prl» ate room and a reporter, to whom he may address tbt epainder of his speech, and, if his family glvs per* lissiun, haro it printed in txtenio (at his own ex pens* f course). Hut to prevent tho House firvitn getting nlo public disrepute, two responsible sureties snail In ach such cose bo round, a» guarantees that the printing hall be done ' for private circulation only,' and that 00 itempt shall afterwards be made to jret the ipeeoh In erted in any of the newnpipers, even by paying for tha ost of its advertisement. THE NEW ORACLE. That whioh speaks from the tripod -of whioh tbt hree legs are Disraeli, Gladstone, and Cobden. THE PREMIER AND THE PALATE. The celebrity of the noble Premier has occasioned its name to be t&fecn; for the denomination of a nest ooa» liment, advertised as tho ' Palmeraton Sauce,' snlUbii 1 for rlsh, flesh, fowl, &c;,&c.;' This is aephereof fitnesf ibout as extensive as can well bo imagined j for a rslUh vhich is good not only for flsli, flesh, and fowl, bnt alto or ' 4c, &c;,' most be equal in universality to salt, and luperlor to pepper. It must bo adapted to all manner of hings except apples and a few other?. Mr. Cobden and Mr. Disraeli nhould try Palmerston's Sauce, and jot have tbe presumption to offer him any more of their )wn. . . . . COFPKE-UOrSE CHARACTERISTICS. Let on Englishman and a Frenchman enter a coffee house at tho same time ; the former will walk np to tha Breplace, and tho latter will stop at th» first mirror. The Englishman lifts up his coat-tails, and warms his huga body, whilst the Frenchman, with equal warmth, suns Wmself in the looking-glass. - THINGS THAT It's BETTEB TO BO. It's better to Ire* beer than mischief— to be imltlea with a young lady than with rheumatism— to fall into Si fortune than into the sea— to be pitted with a motherin law than the Bmall-pox— to cut a tooth thau a friend— to itand a dinner than an insult— to shoot partridges in* steai of tbe moon— to have the drawing of ,sn artist ln« stead of a blister— and to nurse the baby at any time in preference to your anger 1 LBGAL DESTITUTION. The 'eye of the law' has become so weak' from tht want of proper practice in the different courts, that it ia going to advertise for a pupil ? ESTIMATES THAT VBBY MTJC1I BBQtflBB Bl« DTJCTIOK. V » Mr. W. William's estimate of his own arithmetic, Mr. Gladstone's estimate of th* Budget of 1863. Mr. Humphrey Brown's estimate of U» force of Im pudence. Mr.Newdegate's estimate of tae patience of Parti*. meDt ,, , ,,p \- Sir JamesQrah&m;'s estimate of his powers ofhttmbug, And, Mr. Disraeli's estimate of himself, and his poll* tioal prospects. F1BEWELL TO THE PAIR t 'Abolition of Qbbehwioh Fats.— We, stop tht press to announce, on the mo»t reliable authority; that the battle is now won, and Greenwich Fair is abolished?' — Qrenvich Fret Preu. . . . 'Bichardson's ghost, loauitui. — ' 0 now for ever Farewell the organ grind ! farewell the tent Of Crowu and Anchor I and those horrid bores To nervous folk, the scratihbacks 1 O farewell, Farewell the dinning gongs, and the big drums, The speaking-trumpotii, and tU' ear-plcrulng shrloks Of kissers in the ring; faiewell all run, Lark, row, and EpreeUhnesk of glorious Greenwich. And 0 you banjoed Ingius, whoso hoarse throats The railway rattle rudely counterfUt, Farewell I That fellow's occupation's gone At Greenwich Fair who used to come out strong,' A Romantic Mabbiaqb.— An English ad* venture has given food for gossip in Paris during the week, and, as all's well that ends well, we aro happy to record It. A few years ago a young English nobleman* just fresh from college, raw and inexperienced, fell desperately in lovo with tho laundry-maid of the cattle where his family resided. It appears that tho passion first seized upon his soul while attending divine seivioe at the village church, where Susan, by her modest de meanour and bright blue cyos, completely overset all the resolutions which the young nobleman's mother had conceived upon tho eubjoet of his future' alliance with the daughter of the Karl of C ? , whose estate joins that ef the young nobleman. How the acquaint* ance first began between a young nobleman woo wai reading for his decree, and a young laundry- maid, who could not read at all, no chronicle will ever tell; but (S a short time we find that, by tho assistance of an Old colk'go friend jast received into order*, at the very Til lage cbirch vrhcro tbe voting lord had first beheld hil Susan, in tho Qret rosy blush of an April morning, with no other witnesses hut tho well-fed parish dark and pew-opener — with uu cpithihuulum but tho joyous chant of tho early birds— no pomp and splendour bnt those afforded by tho great spring festival of nature* which tbo young lord, just then deep in Virgil, appreJ elated more than any other kind, was ho united us hit Susm; and before I ho sun waa risen to his noondsy height the happy pair were nlrcady on their wsy to* France. For some months tho young lord lived in thsf happy delusion which had presented to his youthful imagination the fair SuBim as tho most enchanting and most lovely of her ux. Uut honeymoons arc Ilko moons of every other kind, they have their waning hour, and at the end of a certain time the young lord began to per* oeivc to his utter astonishment, for he had never per* ceivedit before, that the gentle Susan was not merely innocent, as he had ever thought hor, but profoundly ignorant likewise 1 Ho asked himself huw it Could hart happened that he had not observed this unfortunate fact at the very commencement of their acquaintance how he could have lived four months in her company without' perceiving it— and how it happened, that just as the fifth month had bofrun, and he waa on the point of sitting down to lead a quiet, domestic life, and enjoy the security and peace of tho married state, he should start back in fear and trembling at tho dreary prospect before him I Poor Suian, of course, could not solve the mystery. She, poor soul, was moro enchanted with her existence than ever, while her noble husband grew more gloomy and disoontentod every day. At length tha horr.d truth became apparent. It would be iUipoislble to return to England with Susan as his tnida.r Every act and every expression of the po r laundry-fnild now jarred and shocked tbe nerves of tho young nobleman— in short, the dreadful fact wai soon revealed to him in all its ugliness— ho was no longer in love 1 Just about this time the young man's family, to whom his flight with Susan wai well known, but who still romalned ia Ignorance concerning the marriage, began to be Im portunate with mpect to his return. No longer held by the ties of that all-absorbing lovo which had cost him bo much sacrifice, the young nobleman agreed in spirit with the views of his family. Bat how to break the dreadful fact to Susan ? To hi* asto nishment, however, he fuund her grown as reasonable as himself, consenting without a murmur to his propo sition that she should remain In Frcncc to Imbibe some sort of education, while ho repaired to England to pave the way for an avowal of the truth to his lady mother. Susan, who had learned to believe that every idea emitted by her lord was the rinht one, consented to everything ; and, accordingly with tears and sorrow at the separation, but with ^ralltudo at all tbe goodness and forethought displayed by her husband, t»ok np her residence at a school in tho i aubourg St. Honoro, where ?st instruction which Paris could afford. Tine passed i ; the young lord, punctual in liis payments, roob grew, nld the gaieties of bis new life a- master ot bis own lions, and the flattering and cajolings of the fashion -le world, to look upon himself as bound by no other -ligation to tbe hapless Susan. Ills letters grew nore id more rare, always telling of tho cxtrcmo restraint in bich he was held by hit relations, and tht w(nt of esns by which he suffered, urging the greater necessity r secrecy, until &t; length Susan, who believed all, wrote i him a letter full of affection, announcing with pride tat an opportunity occurring of relieving him o7 tha irtben of tier maintenance, she ball accepted a situation i companion to Lady E ? , who was going to Mont slier for tcr health, and I'.sd been Btaying In the same shoal with her. This took place five years ago, and aring all this time it would appear that tho young lord, iring but little for the embarrassment of tho introduo on or recognition of hia wife, content with tho assur* ace given from time to time of her health and welfare, itisfied of the entire purity and respectability of as life she was leading, -was maintaining at home the - reedom and liberty of an unmarried man, until a short ime since, by the death of his mother, being necessi ited to mike fresh family arrangements, he trot aroused rom his apathy with record to tho patient Susan. Lady 1— waa then residta)? tt Passy, anii it was tbiUber hat Lord M— —directed his fuotitcps on hi* arrival. Vhat passed at this Interview, which had been sought iy the husband ai a mere acquit de conteieuet, and lecanse he thought it derogatory to the family prldo hat bis wife should live longer among strangers, will lever be known. To tho astonishment oal delight of jady E — , who had been long before remitted into he secret, Lord M ? remained abashed and stag gered at tbe d ffererice.which the few years' separation tad made in his rustic Susan— po- --own an elegant md accomplished woman, liste. *? perfect self wuession to all his protestation.., ?wsinghtT- lelf with all the reserve and dignity ol - ?»- n of tbe rorld. Needless to &ay; thU his old passion was revived n rail force, and that Susan la again tho queen of his loal, as In former years ; nor will it astonish our readers a learn that the hiiBband and wife, onco moro bride and iridegroom, have returned to England together— nor to ee by the Court Jourtml that thoy entertained a dls inguished party at their residence, B ? Castle. Jadnorshlro, We can vouch for the entire truth of this itory. Lady — - is well known in Paris j aha has accom wuled tba happy conpje to England, and looks upon Susan u her adapted child.— London Journal, Jhb London Penny NEWgpApEBS.~Our ?eaders will be aware that since the repeal of tbe new* nper stamp duty ia England, numerous attempts h*v» -een made to publish newspapers n ono penny and even i halfpenny. In the country nearly all these attempt* lave proved abortive; but in London there ere three nornlng papers, the Morninq Slart tbe Morning Ifewt, ind the Daily Ttltgraph, ail issued at a peony, which (till keep their ground; and these journals, mote particularly the firet, have all high claims to rcspeoU* Jility in point of talent and character. All of them are printed on a sheet half the size of tbe Empirti and the iesign of the conductors is to produce a journel of first class as to political writing, commercial intelligence, and general sews at a prico within the reach of everybody, ft is Sopposed that then* publications ure beginning to tell upon the circulation of tbe old and more costly iouroals, including tb* Time*. In reference to the subject of those penny papers, a letter bofors.o*. dated Jan. 12, from an old colotust, who occupied a leading position in Sydney, and who now has the best means of information in tho British metropolis, gives some inte reiting fact*. The writ*/ says :— ' The UmUsg Bisr is the property of Brlpht, Cobden, azid others, andnpon this they bare sunk £60,1001 It is now beginning, u connection with its evening edition, to p»y cipcns^t, b«t not Interest on capital. The Morninq Neva is the pro perty of the Chronicle, and the Telegraph bc!ou£l to Colonel Sleigh, the radical candidate for Greenwich. The Tim; it Is said, has laid atlde £50,opOto begin a penny paper if it finds it necessary.'— Smpirt, ; Aim High !— One of the State Senators is said to have remarked that ' Politicians are just like alligators; they open tbeir mouths tor a horse, but are p«r:ectly willing to take up with a fly.' ' There Is.' says a contemporary, 'as much truth as wit in this remark. Last soring a friend of ours applied for ' a thousand-dollar' consulship.' Tho President informed him that the consulships were all disposed ot He then said that he would Lake a clerkship in the Troami'y Office. He was equally unsuccessful In obtaining this. Ho did not give up, however. Ho kept on trying, and at last succeeded, lie is now ' deputy doorkeeper to the Stnde eoaleeUaf P ' Lord Meadowbank, the celebrated Scotch Judge, on tbe evening of his marriage, saJdanly disEn peored, and, on being sought for, was found absn*ba-! In tht composition of a meuphyweal eisay 'on pains sad ?saalttes,*' _ *2 