VARIETIES. Napoleon, seeing a short man among his grena diers. said, " Thou art very small for a grenadier." The soldier instantly replied, " If they took generals for their size you would not be one !" A " single man," advertising for employment, a maiden lady wrote to inform him that if he could find nothing better to do, he might come and marry her. He did so, and touched £20,000. An ei.bphant once nearly killed an Irishman for an insult offered to his trunk. " The act was rash in the extreme ; but it was impossible," the Hibernian said, " to resist a nose you could pull with both hands." Temperance is the father of health, cheerfulness, and old ago. Drunkenness has so large a family that I cannot remember the names of one-half of them. However, disease, debt, dishonour, destruc tion, and death are among them—not the most hopeful household in the world ! A shrewd little fellow who had'just begun to read Latin astounded his maiden instructress, who was fast approaching a " certain age," by the following translation—" I'm, a man; gin, a trap; Virgin, a mantrap!" An Irish drummer, who now and thon indulged in a noggin of right good poteen, was accosted by the reviewing general: " Pat, what makes your nose so red —"Please your honour," said Pat, "I always blush when 1 spakes to an officer." A loving friend's rebuke sinks into the heart, aiul convinces the judgment; an enemy's or stranger's rabuke is invective, and irritates, not converts. Tiie Threatened Comet.—Professor Magriui, of Milan, publishes, in the Milan Gazette of the 23rd, a dissertation on the probability of a collision of the earth with a comet. After giving a general and popular description of comets and of their matter, as far as science has hitherto been enabled to ascertain its nature, he mentions the nearest approach of a comet to the earth ever recorded, which occurred in 1832, whon Biela's comet actually crossed the earth's orbit at a point which the earth reached a month later; but by that time the comet was already at a distance of 20,000,000 of miles. The professor then referred to Giber's calculation, showing that the probability of our earth's collision with a comet is in the ratio of 1 to 281,000,000 ; and then replied to the argument that, however small the probability, that does not exclude the possibility of such a catastrophe in our time. The matter of comets, he observed", is so extremely thin that stars are seen through their tails or coma-, twinkling with their accustomed brightness, and that, aee u'ding to some astronomers, even the nucleus of a comet is transparent. Hence, even supposing a shock to occur, it would be so extremely slight that most probably we should not be awaro of it. M. Babinet of the Instituto, in a scientific article in the Debats, donies that the comet of Charles V. ought to be positively expected this yoar. Choice Savings prom Loud Bacon.—It is heaven upon, eartli to have a man's mind move in charity, rest in Providence, and turn upon the poles of truth. Men fear death as children fear to go into the dark ; . . . yet to die is as natural as to be born, and to a little infant, perhaps, the one is as painful as the other. The league of Christians should be founded upon the two cross clauses delivered by our Saviour himself to be soundly and plainly expounded :— " Ho that is not with us is against us;" and, again, "He that is not against us is with us." . . The Holy Ghost hath before now been brought down, instead of in the likeness of a dove, in the shape of a vulture or raven; and the bark the Christian Church set out a Hag of a hark of pirates and asses-ins. Certainly wife and cliil avc a kind of discipline of humanity, I know not how, but martial men are given to love; 1 think it is but as they are given to wins; for perils commonly ask to be paid in pleasures. In counsel, it is good to see dangers, and in execution not to see them, except they be very great. Seek the good of other men, but be not in bondage to their faces or fancies ; for that is but facility or softness, which taketh an honest mind prisoner. Neither give thou JEsop's cock n gem, who would be better pleased and happier if he had a barley-corn. Crafty men contemn studies, simple men admire them, and wise men uso them; for they teach not their own use ; but that is a wisdom without them and above them, won by observation. 