THE LOST PROGRAMME. It is now perfectly clear that the Govern ment can by no possibility cany the programme with which they came before the country at the opening of the present session of Parliament. Their moat important measures are either negatived or kept back, and the policy of the -Opposition is triumphant in the House. Yet with a wondrous tenacity the occupants of the Treasury benches cling to their seats. As the Government are so clearly desirous of retaining office, it is really surprising that they dp not contrive to bring forward a polity that the Assembly will adopt. What is the reason of this wide disparity between a responsible Administration and that popular embodiment of the public will -whose confidence is essential to their retention of power ? Is it because the Opposition have no mission but to oppose, or is it that the Government have never seriously studied the wishes of the county, but have, under the name of " responsible government," hitherto pursued the same line of conduct as they did under the old regime P An occasional -defeat might be passed over ; modifications in a measure the essential principle of which was preserved might be submitted to. But where defeat is the rule, and success an exception where Ministerial Bills are lost in toio, or held back from sheer fear of bringing them forward -and where a Government, after having exhausted all their argument in opposition to a principle, winds up a debate by accepting that principle aiid proffering their services to carry it into effect, a lamentable and humiliating spectacle is presented such a3 the history of coBstitutional government rarely presents. We cannot suppose that the people have-no definite opinions, or that their representatives in Parliament are ignorant of what tlioss opi nions are. But the Government are ignorant, must be ignorant, unless we adopt a still more severe conclusion, and say that the Ministry know, and at the same time resist, the will of the people. We do not, however, affirm this. We will simply assume, as the most charitable interpretation of their conduct, that Ministers are ignorant of the wants and wishes of the colony. But how, then, can they beneficially govern the country? How can they hope to frame a satisfactory programme? How can they hope to be anything more than the mere registering clerks of the acts and resolutions of the real administrators of the public busi ness, the House of Assembly ? Such a position, however, is not a dignified one, either for the Government or for the country. We want a Ministry with a policy a Ministry with a policy satisEactoiy to the colony, and therefore a policy that they can carry. It is not creditable to have all the poli tical strength of the Legislature in oppo sition. Imbecility should not be found on the Treasury benches, nor should a tottering Cabinet be bolstered up by the half-hearted votes of timid politicians. Every Government should be a strong Government; strong in the confidence of the people; strong in the confi dence of the people's representatives. But tbia strength must not be looted for in the waifs and strays of the neutral benches, nor in the occasional dissensions which may be excited in the ranks of the Opposition. The strength of a Ministry lies in the popularity of its policy; and tried by this test the strength of the present Government is weakness itsel£ The most important measures introduced or promised by the Government are the Bailway Extension Bill, which is shelved by the ap pointment of a Select Committee ; the Edu cation Bill, which will probably never see the light; the Roads BilL, the ghost of which will haunt the Chief Secretary as long as he lives; the Electoral Law Amendment Bill, scouted by the House; the Law Reform Bills, one of which has been for a long time shut up in the portfolio of its author, the others probably not being yet drawn; and the Tonnage Duties Repeal Bill, which has set the two Houses by the ears, and obstructed most seriously the business of the colony. On the other hand, several of the most important measures of the session have been originated by private members, sometimes in consequence of the neglect of the Government, as in the case of the Marriage Laws Amendment Bills, and the Anti-Convict Bill, and sometimes in opposition to the declared policy of the Government, as in the case of the distillation resolutions. The history of the session has been the history of Ministerial reverses-a circumstance which would entitle the Government to the pity of the community, did not the question arise as to the reason why a responsible Administration should bring forward such an unpopular policy. Yet, in spite of repeated over throws, the Government still stand. Like those ingenious toys of pith with bases of -lead, which, however often you throw them down, instantly regain their perpendicular, the Government of the day, though floored in almost every encounter, are no sooner down than up again, arguing after defeat as power fully as before, and smiling as complacently at -an overthrow as though it was pleasant to be unseated. But how long will this state of things con tinue ? When will Ministers go out ? What would induce them t» resign? How many measures of their own would they allow to be defeated, and how many measures of their op ponents would they agree to endorse? Will nothing but a direct vote of want of confidence affect them ? If this is their ultimatum we fancy such a consummation will never be reached. How can . the Assembly pass a vote of want of confidence ? Every member of the Assembly must have full and entire confidence in the present Government-that is to say, confidence that the Government will 6ay anything or unsay anything, denounce anything and accept anything ; in short, obey any mandate of the House whatever its character. The Assembly therefore must have the fullest confidence in the Ministry, knowing that that Ministry will obey the will and pleasure of the majority, though having to read their own speeches backwards, swallow their own measures, and carry into effect the measures of their op ponents. . 