MUSIC AND THE DRAMA. , The present week at tlhe Theatre Royal has ter minated the benefits and the season. On Monday evening Mrs Charles Young took her farewell benefit, the performances being under the patronage of the bench and the bar, and the members of the Melbourne Garrick Club. There was of course a crowded and fashionable house. It seems to have been a pretty general opinion that the pieces selected by the benefi ciare were not such as were best calculated to display the salient features of her style. Perhaps it would be more correct to say that they did not come smoothly enough off. The pleasing comedy, ' Time tries All ' was perhaps an exception. Laura Leeson, at first the wayward coquette, and then the impassioned woman, bearing the 'pangs of despised love,' as she imagines, deservedly, was in Sirs Young's hands, a very charming delineation; albeit the entire comedy is scarcely long enough to admit of the refined portraiture of character, which so delights one in the ' Lady of Lyons. ' In the ' Scenes in the Life of an Unprotected Female,' which was endured but not enjoyed by the audience, Mrs Young introduced the celebrated hunting speech of Lady Gay Spanker, in ' London Assurance,' not however with the effect which we heard her give to it, in the original play, we think on the second night of its representation, a few weeks since. Mrs Nisbett herself could not have succeeded better than did Mrs Young on that occasion ; indeed Lady Gay Spanker is a character in which she is capa ble of excellence. The Ladies' Club did not please us at all, owing to vivid reminiscences of other days. This seems to us the place for a few brief remarks upon the style and talents of the lady who is about for a time to leave the Victorian stage without one of its chiefest ornaments, it must be conceded that the stage here is yet very far in arrear of the audiences. The press is generous, because it must be so, where there is no choice, and the public applaud for the same excellent reason. To institute, for a moment, a parallel be tween Mrs Young and the artistes who occupy leading positions on the English stage, would be most unfair, and unreasonable. It is simply necessary to mention such names as those of Miss Helen Faucit, Miss Glynn, Mrs Stirling, and others, to show the unfairness of such a comparison ; but then it must be remembered that these ladies have enjoyed every advantage which pro fessional education, both on and off the stage, could be stow ; that they have been accustomed to play nightly before refined and exacting audiences, by whom the slightest mistake, solecism, or crudity of style would havo been instantaneously felt and decided on, and, lastly, in the presence of critics, who, if need were, would not hesitate ' to butter and cut up their own fathers.' This is the ordeal through which an English performer must pass. We cannot, then, wonder that those who do succeed in graduating in high honors under such moderators are found to be endowed with talents not easily to be approached. Mrs Charles Young, to excellent natural abilities, intelligence, vivacity, energy, unites a power of identi fication of herself with the character she is performing, which she will find the most valuable of all her gifts. Of style, in the London sense of the word (we do not wish to appear pedantic), she at present possesses little. In by-play, that most important of accessories, for which every great artist has been, without exception, remarkable, she is often greatly deficient ; even in stage manner she has much to learn. Sho is apt to precipitate the delineation of passion, without paying the necessary regard to its more nicely shaded gradations. In a word, her faults are those almost wholly of style, those which her contemplated visit to England will tend to lessen, if not to obliterate. Perhaps she will find she is less a tragic than a melo-dramatic artist, and more a come dian than either. On the other hand, her distinguish ing characteristic is, as we have said, the power of self-identification with her part ; the secret, it has been said, in which lay the success of Siddons herself. It is a gift which at once places Mrs Young in the num ber of capabilities. Then she has perfect self- posses sion, and never merely reads her part. Last, but by no means least, we must mention her taste and elegance in dress. She is never careless, and never looks as though she were on the stage mechanically, or by accident. She has abilities — nay genius — to perceive for herself both what models to study, and how to study them ; to offer one word of advice to her in this respect would be so much pedantry — a most laughable impertinence : be her ambition ' high-fantastical,' or content with grizette-ism ; aim she at Lady Macbeth, or be it only ' Greasy Joan, and Roasted Crabs,' we shall be equally glad to welcome her back once more, and we sincerely trust it will not be long hence, to the stage whereon she will always be most appreciated. Mr Webster's benefit took place on Wednesday even ing, the play being the ' Curse of Mammon or Mar riage a la mode.' The whole production, particularly as to the stage effects, deserves great credit. The tableaux wero admirably done. We imagine the princi pal praise is due to Mr R. Younge. Mrs Alfred Phillips selected the ' Vicar of Wake field' for her benefit on Thursday. We were thoroughly satisfied with the principal artistes, espe cially with Mrs Phillips herself, and with Mr Hoskins. Ou Saturday, the manager, Mr George Coppin, closed the season with his benefit, the theatre being crowded to the ceiling. The opening piece was the ' School for Scandal.' Mr Coppin's entrance as Sir Peter Teazle was the signal for a perfect storm of applause. His first efforts did not lead us to believe we were going to witness a decided success, but Mr Coppin, who, to tell the truth, seemed himself a little conscious of the novelty, continued to improve in every scene, until the grand culmination in tho 4th act, at the house of Joseph Surface. The dis covery of the petticoat behiud the screen, as revealed in the face of the performer, has seldom, perhaps, been exceeded. The remainder of the act was one continu ous triumph, and loud and reiterated applause testified to the delight of the audience. Mr Coppin's rendering of Sir Peter Teazle is quiet and subdued throughout. He checks himself even in the moment of quarrel with his lady, as if apprehensive of the scandal, or that the servants might be listening. From this time forth his successful impersonation of genteel comedy is pronounced and we trust he will frequently afford the public an opportunity of setting its seal to the verdict. His Sir Peter Teazle was more than success ful, it was original. The Mrs Candour of Mrs A. Phillips was very nearly a perfect delineation. At the close of the drama Mr Coppin advanced to the front of the stage, and delivered the following addres : LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, For the last thirteen years in the Australian colonies, I have made it a practice to give an account of my manage ment during the season ; but I never appeared before an audience with so much satisfaction as upon the present occasion. I will not go so far back as the grand battle between the Royalists and the Tin-pot-ists, when I had to carry on the war with such long odds against me,— but will commence from the time this fortress surrendered at discretion, and peaceable possession was given to the present Government. Many of my patrons having expressed a desire for grand opera, I commenced my season with a good operatic company , and produced a succession of grand operas in a style worthy of any theatre in the world. I have introduced Madame Anna Bishop, Madame Carandini, Mrs Guerin, Miss Julia Harland, Monsieur Laglaise, Coulon, F. Howson, John Gregg, Far quharson, Sherwin ; and as conductors, M. Lavenu, and Linly Norman, with a first-rate band, and the best chorus I could procure. The result of the speculation was a loss of nearly £4000. Although I may regret the loss of the money, I assure you I regret still more that an attempt to produce opera has proved a failure, for I look upon the cultivation of high-class music as being absolutely necessary to improve our social condition. Many have been the reasons given for this failure,— bad weather, not understanding Italian, disliking a portion of the English opera company, the high prices of admission to the boxes, &c; &c; but in my opinion the real cause is this: — We are all in business : opera appeals for sup port to the higher classes who live out of town, and dine late ; and although they may occasionally make a great exertion to visit the theatre, they will not inconvenience themselves to do so through an operatic season. Having enumerated my mis fortune, I have now the satisfaction of informing you that the great success of Mr G. V. Brooke's engagement, and the pro duction of the puntomine, have not only retrieved my losses, but leave a larger balance on the right side of the ledger than any other previous season has done during the whole course of my managerial career ; and although I have found a sink ing fund in the shape of an expenditure of £15,000 upon the improvements at Cremorne Gardens, it is my intention next season to make the only return in my power for the liberal patronage I have received at this theatre. I have resolved not only to reduce the price of admission, but to give my patrons £2500 as a bonus, -which is, I believe, an act of liberality never before exercised in any part of the world. During next season I hope to introduce a complete ballet com pany, and, if possible, Mr Brooke will perform a few nights previous to his departure for England; and although Mr Brooke has performed upwards of two hundred and fifty nights in Melbourne, I am sure you will be delighted to see him before his return home. Other novelties I trust may pre sent themselves, in the event of which I shall continue with the same liberality my exertions to obtain all genuine and es tablished talent as I have hitherto done. But the management of a theatre is anything but a bed of roses. In the exercise of his duty to the public and himself, a manager cannot avoid in curring a certain amount of ill-will. He is occasionally com pelled to resist the extravagant demands of third-rate actors and amateurs, who place themselves upon a level with first-rate artistes, and expect the same terms. Disappointed stars, who twinkle very small indeed in this part of the firmament, write home and raise the cry of monopoly, because a manager declines to ruin himself by accepting them at their own price ; and when a star does take an engagement and fails to make an impression upon the public, which he expected, he blames the manager again, and tries to get up a little sympathy among the press and the public, by representing that he has not had fair play,— that he has not been adequately supported, and so forth. I need not assure you, that it is to the manager's interest to secure the best talent, and to offer that talent a liberal remuneration to insure its working to the greatest ad vantage; but any manager would be insane and insolvent who allowed an actor to assess the worth of his own services, without reference to his capability of adding to the receipts of the treasury. As a proof of this statement, I pledge you my word, that with the exception of Mr G. V. Brooke, at the Olympic and Royal, and Madame Lola Montes at the Amphi theatre, I have lost large sums of money by every star that I have engaged in Melbourne. I.adies and Gentlemen,— In thanking you for the support I have received this evening, (which I trust I may construe into a demonstration of approval,) I can assure you that so long a I take upon myself the task of catering for your amusement, I shall endeavor to do my duty to the public, the profession, and myself. Allow me to take this opportunity of acknowledg ing the services of my industrious stage-manager, Mr. R. Younge; my scenic artist, Mr Pitt; the ladies and gentlemen of the company ; the band,— in fact every person connected with the theatre. And once more to thank you, while indulging in the hope that I may long be considered worthy the patronage and support you so liberally bestow. Without any real interval, the season recommences at the Royal this evening with reduced prices to the dress boxes and stalls. Mr and Mrs Clarence Holt who have had a successful engagement in Launceston, are to appear for twelve nights previous to their departure for England. They are to appear as Belphegor and Made line, in the play of the former name. The perfor mances to conclude with the farce of the ' Irish Lion,' in which Mr D. Murray will appear as Tom Moore, with a song, and Mrs Murray as Mrs Fizgig. Our old favorites in low comedy have just returned from Ballaarat, after a long and profitable engagement at the Charlie Napier, Ballaarat. We learn that the 'Prophet' is to be produced with great stage and scenic effects in about a fortnight. Thi: evening at Coppin's Olympic the English Opera Company are to give selections from Maritana, the Bohemian Girl, tho Mountain Sylph, and the Barber of Seville, The entertainments are to conclude with a laughable musical comic sketch, entitled ' Blue Beard,' to be sung by Mr Farquliarson, as given by him and Mr John Parry. During the remainder of the season, the whole of the amusements at Cremorne, with the exception of the occasions when the fireworks are displayed, are to be accessible to the public for the one shilling charged for admission to the Gardens. Tho Gala nights are still to be half-a-crown. Tho chiefest novelty at Cremorne is an oil painting of gigantic dimensions representing the 'Battle of Bannock burn,' and painted many years since by David Bobert a nf on ,..i, „ i . : r. very considerable reputation. Three years ago this painting was sent, by the orders of the painter, for sale in this colony. The painting was landed and stored, and has remained unseen and uncared for until it be came necessary to sell it for the expenses it h»d in curred. Mr Pitt, the able scenic Artist of the Royal, was invited to inspect it, and at once, seeing its merits, induced Mr Coppin to effect its purchase. The picture has been restored by Mr Pitt, and, we believe, will to- - day bo removed to tho walls of the Pantheon at Cre morne. No charge is to bo made for its inspection by tho public ; but with tho view of doing something for tho widow, a box is to bo placed close at hand for the contributions of tlio benevolent. The picture is really a work of high art, both as regards conception and treatment, though it may fail to meet the requirements of the archajologist in matters of detail ; and we trust that the considerate conduct of the two gentlemen who have been instrumental in making it a source of benefit to the needy widow and family of the artist, will meet with a liberal response on the part of the general public. me uritenon rneatre, alter a long enort to Keep | its place among the amusements of Sandhurst, has at last succumbed. Tho theatre is to be offered to public competition, we believe, this day. Those who know Bendigo will not bo surprised at this result. The out lying gullies have each their concert hall, and Sand hurst proper, cannot adequately support the theatre — be tho acting therein ever so good. Of Miss Goddard's admirable impersonations, at the theatre, the Bendigo Advertiser, speaks in adequate terms. It says, in reference to her Meg Merrilies : — ' We are almost afraid that she will accuse us of pay ing her a left-lianded compliment if we say that sho played her part well, - but she did so nevertheless. This lady possesses the art of dressing well for all her characters, and she personifies them equally well. Iier Meg Mcrrilies was, without any exaggeration, a3 splendid a specimen of acting as we have ever seen.' Madame Oarandiir, Miss Urie, Monsieur Laglaise, Lavenu, Mr Leman, and Mr Thatcher, are still pursu ing a successful engagement at the Shamrock, on ijonuigo. Sone days' ago ' several members of the Castlemaine Amateur Dramatic Society assisted at a benefit for Miss A. M. Quinn, and tho public are indebted to them, not only for tho amusement and delight they afforded by their own acting, but also for the opportu nity they afforded of bringing out the talents of which Miss Quinn is possessed. The play selected was 'The Rivals,' the juvenile benejieiare sustaining the charac ter of Mrs Malaprop. ' Wo ( Mount Alexander Mail ) are informed that this was not only the first occasion on which the youug actress ever played this part, but that sho had never seen it performed. If this is really the cose, the fact must increase the admiration excited by her acting, as in the short timo allowed to her for preparation, she acquired her part perfectly, and con ceived it {wrijptlv. I—1-— inb uoue with inimitable point, and every nice derange mont of epitaphs ' was given with a clearness and vigor lhat elicited frequent and sincere applause. She evidently well understood the character, and por trayed the pompous, vain, ignorant old dame to the life. If Miss Quinn's dramatic talent should 'grow with her growth, and strengthen with her strength,' the highest place in the profession may be predicted for her. The house was crammed, and the success achieved by Miss Quinn has since beenthothemeof general comment. We havo, on two previous occasions, criticised the per formances of the amateurs in their several parts, and it is not necessary again to, repeat what we have already said ; though the cast was not the same, the acting generally was excellent. Miss Hudson ap peared as Lydia Languish ; Jalia was represented by a lady amateur, Mrs Harrington ; and Mrs Fanny Sinclair enacted Lucy. The afterpiece was 'Nature anil Philosophy,' in which Miss Quinn played Colin. Her engagement hero has been a very successful one, the house being well filled every night. We under stand that she intends returning here in about six weeks, when she will again play with the Amateur Dramatic Society. For the time being Miss Quinn has gone on a professional visit to Launceston. Masaniello has been produced at tho Royal Albert, Castlemaine. The Mail says—' The Neapolitan liber ator is personated by Mr . Ryan, who exhibits great force in the de'ineation. Mrs A'Beckelt Evans sustains the part of Fenella ; her pantomimic action is graceful and expressive. Air P. Morris as Gonzolo, Mr Wright as Alfonso, Mr G. Melville as the Duke, Mr E. Melville as Lorenzo, Miss Montrose as Elvira, sustain their parts very creditably. Tho scenery and appointments of this theatre are really very complete. A grand effect is pro duced at the close of the play by the eruption of Vesuvius, produced by tho aid of blue lights and pyrotechnic devices. The performance of 'Masaniello ' is well worth seeing, and we recommend a visit. The piece is having a run. ' 'This evening,' says the same paper — 'The Theatre 'Royal is to be opened for a dramatic season, with a new company. A good and legitimate entertainment will always be supported in Castlemaine, and we have every assurance of receiving it, when we see the well known names of Mr Boyers and Mr Fawcett, and that charming little actress, Miss Hudson, among the corps dramatiqne.' The proprietor of the Red Hill Music Hall during tho last week has had the services of Miss Louisa Swannell, Mr Dixon, aud Mr Small. Pianist, Mr Linder. At the Criterion Music Hall, they have engaged Mr Power, Madame D. Butler, Mrs Williamson, MrBentham, and Mr G. Williamson, all late of the National Hotel con certs, Melbourne. Mr Moss is pianist and musical director, ' whoso lightness of touch and florid execution are admired by all lovers of harmony !' The Ovens Constitution, in speaking in the most favorable terms of the vocal efforts of Miss Octavia Hamilton, and M. Emile Coulon, at the El Dorado, Beech worth, enters a very strong but ju3t protest against the style of Mr Pierce's comic singing. Our contemporary says : — 'He is, without doubt, a very talented comic singer, with a huge conception of the ridi culous, but an overpowering leaning towards the vulgar, if not tho obscene. Mr Pierce ha9 mistaken the stylo of song suitable for a Beecliworth audience. We all appreciate anything comic ; but, when we are in the company of tho softer sex, we tremble while listening to vulgar songs, lest each succeeding line should pro duce something worse. We havo no hesitation what ever in characterising a few of the songs sung by Mr Pierce, on the evening in question, as disgustingly obscene in their inferences, and scarcely less refined in their language. It is a pity that M. Coulon should havo permitted this to tako place, since it places a great bar in tho way of the fair sex attending his concerts a second time, and thus deprives many of what is in reality, with the exception we have named, a very great treat. Tlie piano accompaniments and the operatic solos of Herr Collin, deserve especial notice. He may not have been so successful at the first at tempt to accompany the vocalists in Bome of their pieces, but to our judgment this was no fault of his, and can be easily rectified by. a previous rehearsal. His solo performances were most artistic and delight 1 At Beecliworth there is a good deal doing at various concert rooms. At Fisher's Commercial, Miss Lorette, Mr and Mrs King, Messiu Frederick Sanes [Sams], Benner, and Harrison, are having a good run. The same success at tends Mr and Mrs Pendleton, comic vocalists, at the Britannia Hotel, Upper Woolshed. The band consists of eight good performers. Our old friend, Mrs Fiddes, is Btill at the Charlie Napier, Ballaarat, and ou Saturday appeared as Biddy Nutts, in Buckstone's three act drama ' The Dream at Sea.' Tlie manager announces that a celebrated American actress will shortly make her first appearance. The Chinaman's Flat corrosppndent of the fiunplly Advertiser say's The pleasure seekers here have been encbantedHie last few evenings with the performances / Miss Julia Matthows, a young girl of thirteen years p*' ? - nerfect prodigy. Nothing comes amiss to her, trawl v ' corned v- °P8ra- and ballet. She can dash you off°a sample of ea* ^ the utmost readiness and withal is so charmingly natural that all .who see her must perforce admire. Tie facility with which she goes through so many as six different ouiFacters, each appro priately dressed, is surprising. ^ Tho pathos nnd tSl'4-9 she throws into one impersonation in particular, I must i specially allude to, and that is the character of the young | French exile, whoso parents have been lolled in the revo lution. She describes tlio vhole scene throughout in such an affecting manner, that on the night I was thep? the ladies were all dissolved in tears, and many mascu line eyes looked suspicious. un xvionuay. nigut, uuiug tut siAiy-cigmu mm* - of tho formation of the colony of New South Wales, a very appropriate and effective commemoration was got up at the Adelphi Theatre, by the proprietors, Messrs Williams and Greg. Although we of Victoria are not immediately identified with tho older colony since the separation, still, on an occasion like the oolobration of its birth-day, all who feel an interest in the progross of Australia in its widest sense must exhibit some sympathy for an epoch which opened the door for the flood of civilisation which has since spread far and wide over this important country. An address suitable to the occasion was spoken with great taste by that talented young artisto, Miss Julia Matthews, who appeared the promi nent figure in a very prettily arranged tableau emble matic of the colony, which, being lighted up with blue fire and other accessories, went off brilliancy. Tho wholo was prefaced with ' God ?ave the Quoen,' by the entire company. After a brilliant engagement of seventy-eight nights (says Bell's Life of the 17th inst.), the accomplished oiotor-q Bnnrrnnlipim mailfi their farewell curtsev to the Sydney public on Monday evening, in the favorite play of '? Court and Stage,' followed by the operatic bur lesque of ' Cinderella.' It is scarcely necessary to say that their reception was enthusiastic, and tho curtain fell upon these amiable and gifted artistes wioh deep regret on the part of the audience, and we trust with satisfaction, somewhat alloyed by tho like feeling on the part of the ladies themselves. Wo regret to state that Miss Joey's health has suffered considerably from her arduous exertions during the latter part of her engage ment, but we sincerely hope that it will be permanently recruited during tho interval that, in the opinion of her medical adviser, must necessarily intervene before fio departure of the sisters fur Melbourne. In expressing our cordial wishes for the future success of the Misses Gougenheim, wo must be permitted to express our appreciation of the able and courteous services of their invaluable agent, Mr Eddy. On Tuesday a farewell complimentary benefit was given to Mr Charles Kemble Mason, prior to his doparture for California and the United States, under the patronage of the gentlemen of the Melbourne Cricket Club, on which occasion Mr and »f..„ 1,,. J (l,-;- T'lliin Un corvinnn t.lio Till ir selected bjing ' Venice Preserved' — the part of faflier by Mr Stark ; Pierre, Mr Mason ; Belvidera, Mrs Stark. On Wednesday a farewell complimentary benefit was given to tho American tragedians, when Mr Mason returned the compliment in kind. ' Hamlet ' was the play of the evening — Ham'ct, Mr Stark ; Ghost, Mr Mason ; Queen, Mrs Stark. Mr and Mrs Stark and Air ICemble Mason sail this day in the Water Witch for San Francisco. They leave Sydney with our best wishes for a prosperous passage, and the realization of their future hopes. . At Sydney, Mr G. V. Brooke and his company have assumed the conduct of the Victoria. The new manage ment inaugurated thoir policy by the production of Siiakspere's ' Winter'3 Tale,' on Saturday week. The Herald, remarking on this performance, says : — ' The production of, for the first time in this colony, ' The Winter's Talc,' on Saturday last, was a decided success, aud the deep attention of the audience, together with their marked approval at the fall of the curtain on the last act, afforded us some hope that the great crowd of pleasure seekers will not in future be satisfied with de praved, immoral, or obnoxious performances. It would be unjust to contrast the getting up of this play with that brought out last year by Mr C. If can, in London, who threw upon the Sliaksperin revival every descrip tion of requisite knowledge calculated to produce effect. If, however, Mr G. V. Brooke could not command the services of first-class artistes or costumes, &c.;, we may with truth affirm that mental qualifications made up - for pictorial illustrations, and that if tho eye was loss pleased, the oar was equally as well gratified as was the mind improved. Mr Brooke has rather taken his stage effects from those produced by Mr Phelps, of Oxfoul street. lir Broolce, as Leontes, was worthy of tho groat master, whose ideas ho successfully realized ? and whether wo regard his admirable acting at the commencement of tho play in tho Queen (Mrs It. Heir) and Policenes, King of Bythinia (Mr Edwards), where his love for his little son Ma nillas (Miss Lincoln) drew forth an intensity of affec tion, or if judged in tho after scenes, all of which wero apt material for the greatest order of histrionic 'eniu3, Mr Brooke's impersonation was graphic, oar nest, and picturesque — more vigorous, if less refined, than that of Mr Phelps— a performance befitting the period of the ago which tho play is supposed to de pie^ —strong, bold, and manly. Ilcrmione was given to Mrs Heir : her performance was distinguished by great delicacy and pathos, and in the celebrated statue scone she displayed a dignity equalled only by that of a Fawcett or a Warner. Messrs Bellair and Burford, as Antiyonus and Camillo, were intelligent and impres sive ; and Messrs Edwards and R. Heir, as Polixcnes and Florizel (especially the fpriner),' rendered great service to tho production. The fourth act was relieved by the entrance o( Autolycus (Mr G. H. liogers), who mado the most ? of every point and witticism entrusted to him. The Perdita of Miss Kate Warde was a quiet and vory pleasing performance, and tho characters sus tained by Me :daracs Guerin, Crosby, Douglass, and Winterbottom, gave every satisfaction. The scenery was well painted, especially that representing' the in terior of the amphitheatre of Syracuse, and tho intro duction of a grand and characteristic dance was loudly applauded.' Two months is to be the duration of the engagement of tho theatre. On Saturday the audience at Our Lyceum were attracted by a new drama called 'The Australian Buuyips,' and by the presentation of a silver salver and silver watch to the two winners at tho regatta. The drama is colonial, and some of the streets and localities of Sydney were depicted with great effect. Mr Stephens has evidently spared no expeuso to mount the piec# well, and has oven gone so far as to have employed a number of aboriginals to dance a corrobbery, which is an incidental feature of the play. At the conclusion of the piece there were loud plaudits from all parts of the house. The Royal Olympic Theatre at Wellington is at pre sent enjoying the services of Miss Tournear, a danscu.se of merit, and Mr Wilmot ; Mr Foley, manager. The 'Honeymoon' was played on the 8th instant, Mrs Foley taking the part of Juliana with great ability. Miss Tournear took her benefit on the occasion. Madame Anna Bishop has left Launceston and pro ceeded to Hobart Town, where she has entered into an engagement of five nights at the Koyal Victoria, for the performance of her scenes in costume from various operas. 