THE GREAT ECLIPSE.-.-Tliè dawn ¡oí Thursday, tho ".dies ircé," BO appallingly-.pio ««red in the leading columna of wir lugubrious grandmother on Wednesday', as introductory, ol J¡ .ihenon-enoti .recurrent only every 700 years, found us and every ono else on. the qui vive-in other «oíd» with the key nf the ffrçei-tfoor.in band," bound ty .the Heads, front- whence Mr Astrnnomor C'roeny.predicted the *. TBHTOTAL ECLIPSK" could alono be bp suet) in" all its inri sibility. A« a.platier of precaution, determined not to be sold even.by the head of the solar de- partment, we rote before the Sun, nhd hy the limo that distinguished luminary condescended to present himself, wo were quito prepared lo re- cognize " A CHrr ór(p) rna OLD BLOCK"! A S the awful shadow increased, we witnessed nil the borrible details particularized by the Herald; and nlnii in hand, ,(having been obliged to try stvtral before getting a proper focus) saw the pbenomonon to double advantage. As tho darkness deepened, the stars (also predicted by tho Herald) appeared, with the ojtception of BiootcG, whose absence was unaccountable, he having been in active rehearsal for tho occasion bince Monday. A sulphurous odour titillated our olfactory nerves, and Namro dropping her Teil for tho spaco of about à minute " wt «atv what vie'äii tee"\ Suddenly a revivifying ray "lightened our darkness", and the glorious orb emerged from the gloomy fit into which he had fallen In consequence of an inferior body having presumed to luke a "Junar" nt Mm. All being ferene, ourselves included, we returned to break fsa!, resolving to make more e'xtonsïve prepa- rations for tho return match 700 years hence. THB iicLII'SB F/CLtrSED.-AnilOlKTst tbe hundreds of open-mouthed ? crone noek strctcbod gazers on Thursday morning, we no- ticed an elongated individual with a bran new bolland Telescope, and immediately in his wake. (it was then IS rain lo 7) a nigger with a dark Imthorn. At the iustant of total obscuration the ghost of Furkesehnery 'glided solemnly be- tween tits two, and, handing to each a subscrip- tion list, vanishod. hitó the space we aro now ihort of. or We might say more. " .' ' GENUINE ÉDITORIAL.-When are WE (¡lo aa Umbrellar".- When we're used up, which is generally the case o' Fridays. IN THE PRESS.^-A . Dramatised Ver iloû of James's ." BOBBER" hy an ex-rcportor of The Empire, who knew hil about it, and bas bóth booked it and hooked it. AN AMUSINO lNciDENr.~Ön the oc- casion of Saint Patrick's Festival. Mr Brooke Was announced to perform at the Victoria io the character of *' 0"Callaghan", and being désirons of paying every respect to tho day venerated by his countrymen, sent an express to the Upper Gallery, to ascertain if there was any one th'ere woo .. w..nld take pity on a < poor irishman in distress and give him a Shamrock," when up juni]icd a soldier of II.M.'s 11th Regiment, and taking tho shamrock ont of his hat, handed it to the messenger. with a request that in conveying lt to Mr Brooke, he Would inform that gentleman "¡it was sent him hy a townie of his own-a Dublin man!! , .MILITARV.-Wé understand that of the B8th Kcgimcnt about to arrive in this colony to take tbo place of-the 11th, thero are, including tbs colonel, but three dr four ' officers who have been moro than two years in the service, owing co the number which tho regiment ' lost in tho Crimea. WHAT NEXT!-AU Sydney has'been nmused during the last few days by reading the letter from Mr Henry Thoma», tte well known under- taker, congratulating the citizens upon the G > Tsrnment adopting mentores to promote their sanitary condition. We have after this been looking forward anxiously for a similar epistle emanating from the Liverpool Arms, in which Mr Benjamin Palmer might be congratulating Mr ti. J. Crouch upon the progress Jiu is making iu the suppression of intemprranc*. . ÜkRious ILLNESS OP ARCHDEACON COWPER.-We regret much to learn that the above venerable ecclesiastic is severely indis- posed, KO much so ns to cause serious apprehen- sion amongst hu friunds. This intelligence will, wc are sure, bc received with great concern by all in the colony. -Á CORONER CHEATED OUT OF HIS FK»'-An account Ima Appeared in ibo Sydney Homing Herald, and been going the round of the country papers, of tho vagaries played by a huge monkey of tho baboon tribe, who bad very unceremoniously entered the well-known china ihop of Mr Michael John Davies, in Pitt-street, oppoiito the Union Bank, having taken up bia position thore until removed by a conBtaldo, who .hot bim. Why, wc would ask. was there not ii magisterial investigation held in thiB case? Mr Parker, we believe, was not even communicated with, and the circumstance of the body being . left tn rot in n yard at the back of some premises io "George-street, wits not even made known to Mr Stubbs, who ought to receive tho earliest in- formation in such mutters. TUB EDINBURGH Mf.V3.-It will be perceived by an advertisement in. another column that our old friend Mr George Smith has «gain commenced business as nn auctioneer for the sale of horse stuck, Sec., in Pitt and Bathurst streets. These 'new promises are ad- mirably adapted for the enterpri.-e, and present avery desirable accommodation,; : Mr .Keorço Smith is so well known, and his connection arno-gst the breeders of valuable .horses sp ex- tensive that hi* present potitiun nccdB no com-, nient at our hands. THE VICTORIA ELECTIONS. .- Mr Putty has been returned for Villiers and Heytes- bury, and Mr Shanassy for Kilmore, without op positiuu. Mr Sltwclt was elected fur the Castle- maine boroughs, defeating Messrs Ireland syd Prendergast. -A CAPTAIN CLARKE.-It is reported ? that the late Surveyor-General lias received by the Columbian, letters of appointment as Go »ornor of the roi'ently proclaimed colony of Moreton Bay. 1 he .hon. gentleman, it is said, . will leave this colony immediately, and proceed to the scene of his new duties.-¡bid. ERRATUM.—A most vexatious error occurred iu our last issue in a notice of tho Evening Concerts at The Shatspcro Tavern tho name of EVANS having been substituted for that 4>f the enterprising host, Mr FOANB. NEW MUSIC.—We have been favored by Mr. Winterbottom with a copy of his latest composition, "The Hermione Waltz", dedi- cated to Mrs. Rohert Heir, of whose graceful person, in character, an admirable lithographic portrait by Thomas, adorns the title page. The style in which Messrs Allan and Wigley have turned it off the stone is deserving of every commendation. 