P01ITXCA14 THE OLD AND NEW PARL1AMEN TAHIANS. (From the Times, 16th April.) An extraordinary panic has seized tlie crowd of gentlemen who were members of the last Parliament, but are not ol the new one. They are in consternation at the me diocrity of their successors and the period of legislatiTe inefficiency with which Eng land is threatened. They have been beaten, not by bad men, but what is worse, by men of straw — the merest lay figures of tectaon ; and though they can easily recon cile themselves to their own defeat, they are concerned for the country that suffers this plague of nobodies. Hardly a man of them can make a good speech, or has any politics. The panic is extraordinary, not so much for those who feel it or for those about whom it is felt, but the matter of it. Thin inefficiency, now so much apprehended was the chief characteristic of the last Par liament, and the very boast of all the three sections routed at the election. What was called the ' Manchester School,' — though Manchester has novr rescued itself from the ignominy of scbooldom — tbe Peelite cote rie, and the Conservatives, have all plumed themselves for some time, not on what they have done, but what they stopped. The last are professedly worshippers of the god Terminus, but the other two sections nave done his obstinate Majesty not less ?errice for some time by their constant hos tility to every practical and actual sugges tion. For one thing they have proposed— generally something as safe to propose as a railway in the moon— they can enume rate with pride a dozen measures which they have opposed with more or less suc cess. When the Conservatives, indeed, got in for a few months, they snatched a roguish triumph by passing some measures made to their hand, and which they would twt hare allowed anybody else to pass. Experience shows, indeed, that tbe Conser vative! ought to be once in a Parliament, At intervals of five years or bo the Sir Ho bert Peel tor tbe time being— that le, the man in that political place and succession —ought to have his brief Saturnalia, just to pass what he will no longer oppose, now that it answers his purpose, and what the other «ide will not oppose, because it is etolen from their own budget. But, if doing Dotting has been hitherto the essence of patriotism, why Is it all at once to be a national calamity? Putting aside those twopenny questions of finance which have been lately elevated into tbe sublimest of human struggles, it is evident that, in the opinion of the ousted factions, neither the Church, nor the Law, nor Education, nor oar great Cities, nor some half-dozen other likely subjects of legislation, will be flinch the worse for being let alone a little As one runs through the names of the departed, one is struck by the preponde tao.ee of respectable Conservatives, who ?eem to SDrronnd one as the Grecian ghosts did JEneas in the infernal regions, and open their mouths in vain. Here are old county members, who have been returned to seve ral Parliaments as the supposed advocates ?f interests which can no longer be disen gaged from tbe interests of the people at large. It would be quite cruel to name them, though some of them ate intolerable tyrants in tbeir own little Bpheres, and bftve just so much of conscience as leads them to crash the consciences ol everybody about them — tenants, clergy, little squires. a»d even their own sons. But in the whole 91 set down as Conservatives there arc not half a dozen that, by any stretch of fancy or favour, could be set down as losses . to the country. Persons of this class, who rest «o much on their right of possession, and presume on the vit inertia of the ?country, rosy be found to be in ibe nay, aafl cannot expect to be much missed when ' they are got rid of at last. As the Conser vtttret are more easily numbered than ' named, the Peelites must be named to make a show, for tbeir number ia insigni ? 4faant. Sut when we have named Mr. E. Palmer, Mr. Cardwell, Sir S. Northoote, Jfcfr, B. Phillmore, and even if we should ' gt through the whole dozen, we should only '?erve to show tjiat the House has not IobJ inihem what it most wants— a broad, aimT fie, and patriotic class of politicians. I hun lost a class more ready tn raise difficul ties tlism to get uvcr them, awl aiming ra ther lo be wiser and better than thr rest of mankind than to appeal to the common sense of the good and the wise. Honestly, we do not see bow any one practcal dis cussion is likely to suffer by tbeir absence. Then come these most dogmatics!, most opinionated, most conceited men, hitherto claused as the Manchester Scliod. We have ever done justice to their abiity, and hope still to do so : but in the confutation of Parliamentary gains and losses it is to be observed that the genuine inflience of these men is rather extra- Parliamentary. No doubt, Mr. Cobden and Mr. Bright, should he happily recover, Mr. M. Sibson, Mr. W. J. Fox, and the rest, sill find abundant opportunities for expressing themselves, perhaps even more freely than in the House of Commons. S -me ot their opinions, such as those about peace aid ar bitration, are bo little adapted to the ictual state of things that they simply interfere with the business of Parliament as much as if a Vegetarian or a Lattcr-Dav Saint should insist on an annual night for the ex position of his fancies. In the case of this school, and the very similar sect of the Peelites, their almost complete massacre in the election, will tend to the greater silence, possibly sometimes to the dulness of our debars ; but we sball not be sorry to miss Speeches that can lead to no practical result and are little mere than ostentatious ego tisms. And now for the much maligned hundred and seventy odd whom the British public — no such bad judges of men — have given us instead, it is true that many are but little known, and that oiany are young — some very young. But, even to take the most superficial estimate, there are quite as many Lords, Honourables, and Barc nets, and great names in the new as in tbe old house. The new names of this class cannot be a worse pick of tbe aristocracy than the old, and there is at least h»pe on the side of tbe young and tbe unknown. Some of the names are sufficiently well known to give a definite promise of no velty ; there are enough Radicals and Hu mourists, and Literary Men, and men said to be odd. to be some compensation for the more regular sort of talents thrown out in tbe general election. There are, too, many men of business, such as the new members fur Manchester and for some other boroughs. Then there are old friends come back again, such as the member for South Durham. Otherwise tbe new list offers large scope for conjecture, and it is quite impossible to say what we may, and what we may not, expect in the new House. But the British House ef Commons, as it was always sup posed, does not deptnd chiefly on that sort of talent which a man brings froru public meetings, from debating societies, from book writing, or from any other special use of tbe mental or oratorical powers. It is a peculiar sphere, and has special require ments of its own. What it demands chiefly is common sense, and a man of common sense, good temper, and a clear aod simple style of expression, is a far more useful man there than a declaimer, how ever fast anil furious. We have tbat faith in the country, and especially in those feel ings which have influenced the election, that we arc sure the 170 new members comprise a respectable amount of character, good sense, and good manners. In such a lottery there must be more blanks than prizes, but tbey will not he all blanks. They will naturally start with more cou rage than the crowd which has submitted for years to the claims of louder aud more forward speakers, and wbo are no longer able to break the spell of silence. One will encourage another, and before long we shall have to congratulate the country on the fact that the political soil is not wholly exhausted. In the general readiness to decry the new House we recognise little more than the uniform disparagement of a new generation by the old. What boy leaving a school ever thinks that the new comers can rise to the stature of the giants he can remember ! Who, ou revisiting his old school, does not think it lamentably fal len off? Who does not deplore the decay of his town, and falling off of his neigh bourhood, and the general degeneracy of society ? Of course the old members think small of the new ones. TV e can remember those old ones thought quite &s; small by the '' old fogies' of tbeir younger days. So it always has been, and always will be. We, however, beg to retain fresher views and hopes, and to believe that tbe new members will turn oat at least as good as the new ones. 