BULNDERS. — The Franklin Register lately published an nddress by tint K-jv. Jlr. Abbot and in its next iBsaonotsd the following correcton : — l\\-r '-diini 6W:zz!b.' pleasu read 'pro uiinuue ' This wns liad onougli j but the next woek Hie mine papor had tho following ? — In an advertisement ivlneh appoirod in our last papor^ lor 'Hum- blfton.s »tor.n destroying porringers,'1 roa'l ' ilamiltonN wcrm ilestroyinii loz-nije.' Faulk ner who edited the Dublin Journal, announced *iu glowing terms tlm arrival in that city of a ills tinguished member of tho British nobility, - On tliu Uf xt day his paper contained the following v«ry Hiherukn correction i -For ' Her Gmco iho Duke,' in yoJ onlays journal, read ' His Iraer the Duchoss ' Cuou.MiiKiis. — Tno M-.tine Cultivator says, ' Wli.Ti a cucumber is taken from the vines, let it l-o cut wall u knife, lonviu^ about t'lo 8 11 of an inch nf the cucumbur on th.-, than slit the stem with a knife rrom its en 1 to tho vine' luivlni; a small portion of the cucumber on each divison, nnd oh each scpumto sl.t tlisro will he nov uuciimbcrs m Ihpjo as 0\\* lirsc. TIiosb rtifthmif to raiso| largo quantities of this uriicla for pieties, will \|n well to try tlu I'xp oihiiout.' An Iaisu Moiim s. — We adopt iho following amusing nni'cdotu iroin u Nuw Yirk jouru.1 us 'in up; r prio:c toxl for soum coiiiui n:s upon tlie religious condition of Great Rr.tiin : — '? Among tho munv tbuusKiiils of M.rnioiis who uamo lo this country, we du not IjoIiuvo there bur boen an/ one who bi looked to Irel ind. Tho rllt'ts do not obtiiii: iinycouviTis aiuon^sl ihu Irish nor do their doctrines I'm I t'.voir. A it' II kiniwn lri-h gcnilctiMii in Now York hiiiin vrin tried to -!o- tuct .ui Irj-li man or \vo:inin am n\g tlif mmy \1or nous who hive entered I'us'.lu CJ.irl.n On .Situnliiy Ust753 Monn.MK woie Innd d at ilu ile|j(.i li Dm ihe slup Til r itni, must ol ihem h.ivmir I een sent out lit tits cvpunsii nf ih Moiiuun ICniurm |f ? i, llo na.v .imeti,,' ib-in Kn«li-h, SjoicH. W.Uh, Joi-oy, Duns uiri .Swedes in j$r.-,it niiiuln'cs, uml 'ii I isi fov finouho hu doiected a siilitup I'-dlA' W.i Icerig up !? in hu ini|tiiiul hid iiinii.'. ? Julia O.ilv.'fiir hu rKplh'd. ' Bre you tin Irisiimii P' ? I'ruth I mil tho Mini'-, yrr mm mi.1 A^uuiin f .i toi^ nf riibuke, h« o riciiu d — , M'.' you a .Murmnu too ?' Oitq nil air of exju,? tu nrglleiy lu wbispered— ' Fu'tb, I am nil li-it you 1 want mo pi'Sagd' ' Miivu- uii niy monuy P ' Nivi'r a bap'ny.' ' Itlien you hud belt r gn lo the Wonj to .St. l.ouU, mil loivo them Ihc.u' lii.ludo. sir, l'vo befn wM'uin too loiu uheady ane I m thinking I'd Kv.- thum mid bj oil u wiiiini.' A Di-n Wasiibii.— ' I say. stranger.', said » yout£ urchin in iho neighbourhood uf Montrexl to n pi'dlar, 'd n't ivlnstlo lint ilog nwiiy.' 'Why bo ain't mi use, nohow ; he's 'oo hoinolu' ' Uli ! but no saves a heup nf work.', ?? How ! ? ' Why bu cloniK tho phv.iM and dishes fl) that they imcr wants wiS i.ig ; and inntlioi s.-iysahe tvuuldn't pan him n' b m, for our now dog h isn'l got mod to mustard yet.' UNION BANK OF AUSTRIA. MONDAY the 26th inst, will be a holiday at this Bank. Discount day, Saturday, the 24th inst. D. KENNEDY, Manger. Bathurst January 13, 1857. ESROM ESTATE Land on Sale. THE undersigned, who intends shortly to leave the district, has on sale by private con tract two lots of land of the following descrip tion. No. 1. 5 acres of land, securely fenced in, op posite Mr Watt's residence, on it a two room slab cottage, good well of water, bricked, water closet &c.; The land consists of rich alluvium and is admirably adapted for a markat gar den &c.; No. 2. 12½ acres of land, situate near the above, and of the same quality, and has water upon it. These lots are thoevery pick of the Esrom Estate, the advantages of which are too well-known to require comment. For further paticulars apply at this office or to the undersigned. JOHN FOSTER, Strath Cottage. Jan. 13th, 1857. FOItSAtiU, VTEAJt of Morses, Dray nnd Harness com plete, nil in good working order; a'so a Stack of liny, coiitniniim abo t 20 tons, with a few saddle llorse.i. If not sold privntelr before tho 25th hist., to ha-. sola y auction. Tho above cun bu soon any timo at 3fr. J. Mcrgan's, O'Con nel Plains. '? FOIl SALE BY 1'IUVATK UOXTUAOT. I 1'OIITABLH Tliroahinjf Mnohiuo with every. i\ thingconipleto at Mount I'leusnnt. Apply to Mil. 13. 0MFFI3 UROWN, Supeiiutendcnt. FOR SAW, 1 JirXED Flock oflSwej, Lamia, and Wethers V about 050 In all. They enn ho soen on Saturday next, Jnmmrv 17tli, in tho 'JTnr.1. at Mr. Higgius', Donnvbrook Inn. Applv to . WILLIAM OW'EALK. Oonnybrook Inn. ZI.VO.— Jiist IiiikIinI, and~0X SALK by tho undersigned, SO tons sheot zinc, Nos.' 8 to 15\. TOMLINS AND SLOIIAN (Into T. Wonllev), 2fiO 2GI, George-streot, and King street Sydney. BAR [ROM, now Umliii',', ox Edward Oliver, fl.it round, and siitiro iron, of superior nnality, nml .learea sizes ; hoop iron I to 2 inch. TOMLIN'SANI) SLOMAN (hto' L. Woolley), 200, 2G1, Goorgo-stroet, Iran Yard, Kill'-' street. SYDNEY AGENCY. JMIE nudor.siifneil rotiirns thinks for tho support h'haihud for th.i last fourteen yotM ns a general COMMISSION AGUNT in' Sydnoy, now solicits a continuance of that confidence. His stores aro open for the reception of wool, tallow, hides, and sliuopskius, wheat, maize, flour, and nil kinds nf farm and dairy produce. Account sales and remittances sent oil' ns soon 03 snlii nro cflucted. Gold sold in largo and small quantities. Aililressi.-HKNRY F.EIUUS, I'itt-street Syil noy, near the Theatre. COLONLVL TOUAUCO. ON SALE, nt tha Stores of tbo imdorsignerl, all tliu best brands of colonial tobacno. These samples aro superior to n great deal of tho American tobacco univ in Iho market, nnd at one half tho price. Tobacco stems for shecpivnsh. N. B. — A few of tho 50-lb. boxes ol tobneco so much admired. Addreis. -HKNBY FERRIS, 2 doors from tho Theatre, I'itt-stroet Sydney. LUCERNE CLOVKIi, AND ITALIAN RYE GRASS. 'plIOSE gentlomen who intend laving clown 1 paddocks of Luoorno this ynar, Wl better order tlioir seeds by return nf wool- drnys, so ns to bo nhlo to sow in early winter, haforo' the weeds grow. The soed is oh'enpor now thnn it hns been for many years, only Is Gd. per lb., last year it realised Gs. Lucorno onco sown in good Inml remains a pormnnent crop for tivonty years, yielding five or six cuttings when all other grasses are burned up. Twenty pounds in tlio quantity for each ncro. N.U. — Sold at Is. G.d per lb. at present, taking a packago of 2 owt. Samples sent free by post. At tho Stores of HENRY FERRIS, Pitt-street, Sydnoy, 2 doors from Iho Theatre. TENDERS. TENDERS are invited for the erection of a Wesleyan Parsonage at Orange. The plan and specifications may be seen at the Wesleyan Parsonage, Bathurst, and at John T. Lane's Esq., Clifton Grove, Orange. The tenders will be opened on Tuesday, the 27th inst. January 13, 1857. ASHTON'S ROYAL CIRCUS. WEDNESDAY EVENING, JAN. 14. llKST IllU. OF THE SeASOX. FOR THE BENEFIT MR. W. EVANS. MR. W. EVANS will appear as Clown; also in a daring act of Horsemanship, first time in Bathurst. Mr. Ashton as the Red InJian, or tho Wild Man of the Woods. Mr. Cousins, tha Kin;* of Clowns, Mr. Taylor, tho grout Equilibrist, Air. Murray, Miss Invin, and the whole of Aslitou's m.itcliles-t Troupe of Artistes will appear. For particulars seo Bills. On Saturday iivoniug, 17th, Mr. Murhat'i BliXKFIV. ASIITON'S ROYAL OIRCUS. SATURDAY, EVENING, JAN. 17, Fur tho UENEtTT of MORRIS M U R R A Y , POSITIVELY TIIK L.VST NIGHT HUT ONE! !! MR. MORRIS MURRAY in making this, bis second appeal, to tho inhabitants of Bathnrst, hopes his friond.s will reward him with n HUML'rili, and ho begs to a suro those that patronisojiiin on this occasion, time nothing on bis part or that of his brother performs™ shall bu watilini; to mako tlii* ovciiiii»'a poi-1'oniimica one of tho HESr of tho season. llv particular do-siro, tha lniigintblo ufter-[iieco of Ililluv liutlon's ride to Brentford. ' On this occasion Messrs Cousins, 'laylor, Miirnivimd MiilKitt, will appear at the lour bwiss Brothers in their Ulnssic.il Gymnastic sroup*, I'onnin-pidtuivs from sonii of tho oldest Masters. 1'hi.s pBrlbrmiiniM Nimtudy lor tliu artist, tho scholar and tha sculptor. Jlr. Jiimes Ashton and Mr. Murray in a grace fid act on two horses ns the two Uoiuan Ulndi iitors', for the first timo hi Uithurst. Mr llurrnv in a liippodramatie sceneon horso haek'iii liis'pleasini; nut entitled tho Union of Nations- first, tbo British Tar; sojoiuI, tho irishman ; finUliinir as MM Hob Roy. Mr. Tavlor in one of hi.n pleasin- acts. Yor.nir' Howard, tho infant rider will appear in n dnrniic lenpiug act. Miss Jrihollii Irvin, tho Prilo of tho Arena, in her graceful act, on her favorite horso Shnm si^SS^ A grand act of Kronc'i vaulting by tho corn Mr. R. Cousins, tho Prince of I'ichald Jnokots, will open a fre'h budget of nib on this 'uoca ion. Mr. 11. Taylor aud .Master MolKitt in a lnugh ablo sucne. Tho wholo to conclude with the laughable aftur-picce, onlitled, BILLY BUTTON'S RIDE TO BRENTFORD. Billy Button ? Mr. 11. Cousins. Jeremiah ? Mr. It. Taylor. Livery Stnble- kepeor. . Mr. M. Murray Tickets to bj hud at tho principle hotels, und of Mr. Murray at the Circus. N.B.— On MONDAY NEXT thero will boa G and Farewell I'erforuinnoi', being POSI TIVELY tho LAST NIGHT in Bathurst, on w ich occasion thero will Iir rt complimentary benefit to Mr. JAMES ASHTON. ETHIOPIAN SERENADERS. PRINCE OF WALES THEATRE. THURSDAY, Jan. ifim, 1857. For tho Benefit of Mr. D. F. BOLEY, (Late of tho Backus Minstrels) MR. D. F. BOLEY. BEGS respectfully to announce that his Benefit (under the Patronage of tho Ladies or Bathurst,) is fixed for tho above evening, when In pledges himself to spuvo no exertion ill yiro snting a first dais evening's entertainment Iu those who may honour linn with their putronnvjo and support on this, his first appeal to tho libera lity of the Bathurst public. In addition to a carefully selected Programme of the latest Ethiopian novelties, Mr. D. F. B. has great pleasure in announcing that MR, JAMES ASHTON. his gloriously consented to repeat his elegant Drawing-Room ENTERTAINMENT which elicited the enthusiastic plaudits of a crowded audience, on the occasion Mr. Brower's benefit, on Thursday Last. Mr. Ashton will also dance his celebrated PAS DE MATELOT. Second night of tho successful Burlesque Negro Opera of OH HUSH! or NEGRO ASSURANCE, in which that established favourite MRS. W. EVADNE EVANS (who has again volunteered her valuable assistance) will sustain tho part of Rose. Tho Orchestra will be under the able direction of Mr. Chittenden, and will enliven the evening with a choico .selection of the newest and most fashionable music. Second night of HAMLET THE BLACK PRINCE OF DENMARK, As played by tho Backus Minstrels, throughout the United States and tho Colonies. Hamlet ........... W. A. Porter. Ghost ............. D. F. Boley. Queen ............. T. P. Itrowo'r. Polonious ........... Dave Casson. Characteristic Trial Dance between Baley & Carson Ole Ephraim Smooth's Speech to the Audience, in Kid Gloves. D. F. BOLEY Will introduce one of his inimitable Banjo Solos, will also sing (by desire) the favorite ballad. ' We Met by Chance.' Desperate encounter with a Blue Tailed Fly by DAVE CARSON. PORTER Will open his budget of Comicalities and Negro Eccentricities Ole Sam Timson's Descent through the roof of the house ! For full particulars, see the bill of tho day. On FRIDAY Night, January 16th, tho Serena ders give mi Entertainment at' O'Conncll Pluiii3. Boxes, 5s. ; Children, 2s. fid. j Pit, 2s. Cd. ; Children, Is. Gil. Doors open nt half-past 7, commence nt 8 o'clock. Tickets to bo obtained of Mr. Pyke, Club House Hotel. G. R. MORTON, Agent. COLD PUNCH. Punch cures the Gout, the Cholic, and Phthisic, For it is to all men tho very host of physic. THOSE gentlemen who consider themselves connoisseurs in Bacchanalian enjoyments, will he able to gratify their palate if they favour tho Landlord of tho First Nugget with a call, us he can supply them with the above-mentioned fine Old English beverage, brewed in tho true Old English style, at the rate of 2s. per pint. N.U. — It is strongly recommended by the Faculty ! ! ! First Nugget Inn, William and Durham streets, Bathurst. £25 REWARD. STOLEN or Strayed from Pool Steam Mills, a brown carriage colt, about 10 bauds a inches, long tail, 1113 conjoined on off shoulder, 5 years old. Tho above reward will ho paid if stolen on conviction of tha thief, or £3 if strayed on delivery of the horse to G. FRANCIS, Peel Steam Mill, ., ; „ Peel. ~' £1 REWARD. LOST from Pretty Plains, ou tho 4lh instant, a grey draught marc, branded TJ conjoinod on near shoulder— had on when lost a pair of whinkcrd mid tether ropa ; supposed to havu gone towards the Three Brothers. Tha above reward will bo paid for such information us will lend to her recovery, or £2 if delivered to JAMES STEWART, Ono Treo Fall, Saltram. £20 REWARD. STOLEN or strayed, two horses belonging to tliu undersigned — One a bay leggy, stands about 101 liauijii lii^h and tlio otl'ior bliick, star in Iho foroboad, h«s two or thi'oo white feet, stands about 15.\ hands high, and both branded WF ou the near shoulder. Tho abovo reward will bo paid if stolen, on conviction of tliu thief, or £1 each if tUraved ou delivery lo W.M. FARRAND, Free Vreas Offico Jan. 13tb, 1857. £1 REWARD. fOST from Frederick's Valley on the 10th J inst., a black and white Newfoundland hituh, short glossy hair, and an old sore on tho butt of oiut ear, luul on when lost a leuther collar with brass plutc. Whoever will return tho same to tho undersigned shall receive the above reward. EDWARD RAINE, I'emiix Mill, Frederick's Valley £5 HE WARD. STOLEN or strayed from the Paling Yards, Culoola Creek, a buy mare, branded 1)T on VU off shoulder ; ono bny foul branded DT on off shoulder; both have a small white marl: on tlm near hind feet. Anyone delivering them lo tho undersigned, or lo Mr. Richards, Luehlan Inn, Iliitharst, oi- to Sir. Walker, lien and Chickens, Vale Road, will receive a reward of jL'2 if strayed ; or if stolen the sum of £!- on conviction of thief or thieves. JAMES BENNETT, Culoola Creek. £5 REWARD. ' TOLEN or strayed, fiom Ulnxlnml Swamp, ? i near Hartley, about tho 31st of last month, biitwean a brown und mouse coloured Mnrp, about 15 hands high, seven vcurs old, branded MF (tho HII SB F reversed) on near shoulder, with star in fora bead, oil' hind fetlock white, a white spob on each h'i Id of the- neck under the mane. If stolen, a ro.vard of £5 will bu given on conviction ; if strayed, £2 on delivery to the undersigned. M. 1. FINN. Hartley, January 10, 1857. £10 REWARD. STOLEN or Strayed, from Bathurst Plains, about the 26th Decembur, a black horse belonging to Mr Lowe, of Sidmouth Valley, white face, four white feet, and branded JTL conjoined under the saddle on the near side. A reward of £2 will be paid on the delivery of the same at my residence Bathurst, if strayed; if stolen £10 will be paid on apprehension of the thief or thieves. ISAAC WHILEY, Keppel-street, Bathurst, Jan., 1856. £5 REWARD. STOLEN or strayed from Esrom, on Friday last, a dirty grey horse, JC the J reversed near cheek and shoulder, dark mane and tail. £1 reward if strayed, and £5 if stolen on delivery of the said horse to MRS. WHITTON, Bathurst. Jan 9th, 1857. STOLEN OR ST1UYKD, ' FROM Fitzgerald Swamp, on tliu night of the 13th of November lust, a roan coloured horse, four years old, small star on forehead, grey niniie nnd tail, blank legs, branded WL near shoulder, EL oil' shoulder; ifstnived arowurdof £2 willbo S pnid for the recovery of tho horso ; if stolen, a retviird of £!i ou conviction af the thief aud tlio recovery of the hone; OWEN SMITH, Storekeeper, Georgo-stroet, Balhurst. January 13, 1857. WANTED, i HORSE-DRIVER in whom sobriety will be t\ indispensable Ap'ilv at this office. Bathurst, Jnn. 14th, 1S27. WANTED, \N active working oversa.M1 for n sheep esta blishment Iu tho Lachlnn District. Me must bo of perfectly s o i Iy hnbitq, with expe rience in the management,' ol sheep, nnd capable of keeping plain accounts. An unmarried man would bo preferred. Personal application to liu made to Giiorgo Campbell, Jcrula, near Cnwrn, or Archil. Campbell, Sorn Bank, near Uiitliurst. January Cth 1857. REAL'ER j wanted. Applv to .lOl'lN GLASSON, Rjoknn in near Guyong. WANTED. A GENERAL hou.su servant. Apply to iris. FLOWER, William -street. WANTED, 1 WORKING Overseer. J\\. A Ploughman A Gardener. A Stockman. A Young woman as nuMery Governess. A Stonemason. Apply to MR. JOHN GIBLETS, Cook's Hill, Near Tuena. Jan. 11th, 1857. WANTED, 4 STRIKER to a Blacksmith ; the highest i\ wages given to a competent man also, an apprentice. Applv to WILLIAM GIBBS. Piper St., Bathnrst. WANTED, ~ A FKMALE servant. Apply to Mrs. HALL PALMER, Bathurst, Jan. 13th., 1S57. TO FELLMONGERS. WANTED 3 or 4 good hnnds nt tho wool washing Establishment of iir. F Strnclmn. Apply ou the premises, to JOHN DREW. Jan. 2nd, 1857. In the Siipromo Conn of Now South Wales ECCLESIASTICAL JURISDICTION. ' In the goods of WILLIAM HARTILL, Into of tho town of Bathurst, in tho territory of Now South Wales, a member of tho Detective Police Force, deceased, intestate. NOTICE is hereby given that at tho expiration of fourteen days from the publication hereof, Margaret Hnrtill, the widow ol the nfcovo named deceased, will apply to tho honorable, tho Su premo Court of Now South Wales in its Ecclesias tical Jurisdiction, that administration of nil and singular tlio goods, chattels, credits nnd effects of tlio said deceased may be granted to her ns such Widow as aforesaid. Dated, nt Bathurst, this tenth day of Januarv, A.D. 1857. JOHN NEPEAN M'INTOSH, AND GEORGE P1NNOCK, Proctors for tho above named Margaret Hnrtill. Law Agents at Sydney ? Messrs. Tcalo and Gnrrctt, 2\o. 1, King-street. 'PUNCH.' 1 NEW illustrated humorous weekly pub A licntion in Ibo style of the 'London Punch.' The proprietors, confident that such a publication properly conducted, will bo appreciated by tho public, have engaged tlio best Literary and Artistic talent to bo procured in the colonies, and design to make tho paper superior in every respect to anything of tlio kind before produced hero, nnd worthy of the moat liberal support and encouragement of tlie public nt largo. Subscriptions and Advertisements roceivod at tho oflice, No. 20, Yori,-street, Sydney, and by authorised ngenls in tbo country towns. Tonnb' of Subscription, £1 58, p;r annum in advance. Quarterly subscriptions taken ut Gb. Od. Advertisements at tho lolloiving vatos : — s. d. Twenty words and nnd under ? i 0 Twenty to forty words ? 2 0 Forty t'j sixty words ? 3 0 Sixty to eighty ditto ? 4 0' Aobve eighty words i'or every ad ditionul inch ol' space. ...*.... 2 0 Displayed advertisements per first inch ? 4 0 Every additional inch ? 2 0 All communications to be addressed to the proprietors. WYVILLE & VIVERS. 1'iuich Olfico, 20, York-street, Sydnoy. HOLLOWAY'S PILLS. r\ FNERAL DEBILITY — EXTRAORDINA' IJ RY CURE ! Copv of a letter from Mr. J. Collins, of Brisbane, . Moreton liny, dated Nov. 1, 1854. ' To Professor llollowuy. — Sir, — I am happy to bear testimony to the wonderful properties of your pills, having derived immense benefit from using them, after every other medicine failed t- do me any good. Fora long lime I wns afilioted with great nervous debility, loss ot appetite mid the numerous other rttondant evils of it thoroughly bad state of the liver and stoinaidi ; my complexion became sallow, and so emaciated, that mv friends scarcely knew mo. About nine weeks ago 1 commenced ttdiing your pills, and after persevering with them in accordance with the printed directions, 1 was radically cured, and feel that 1 am indebted to your medicines for now enjoying perfect henlth. I remain, Sir, yours faithfully, JOHN 'COLLINS. WONDERFUL CURE OF DIZZINESS & SHORTNESS OF BREATH ! Copv of a lottor from Mr. Stephens, of Brocbin, dated March Oth, 1854. 'To Professor Hollowny. — Sir, — For tliri.0 years my wile has been Buffering with want of appetite, dizziness, nnd shortness of breath About six weeks ago shu became very much worse, so had that 1 wns compelled to take her iu a curt (us sho wns entirely unable to walk) to tho shop of Mr. William Bl.i'ckhull, to endeavour to obtain something to relievo her, though I nl most despaired of doing any good, us bhu hud I au medical auvieo, ana tried every remedy I ever hoard of without success. After consulting Mr. Blackball, as t - tho best cour.su to bo adopted, ho ml vised a trial of your pills; 1 procured a small quantity iunicdiatoly, mid in Jive, weeks, wonilerlul to relate, by continually using them they porlectly cured her, and sho has sinco re sumed work as a weaver. '1 romain, Sir, yours gratefully, (Signed) J. STEPHENS.' DROPSY CURED!! Copy ofa letter from Mr. Jeremiah Hough, of Hereford, dated Aprl 7, 1854. 'To Professor llollowuy. — Sir, — I have tho pleasure lo apprise you ofa most miraculous cure effected through your pills. My sou, a boy of 14 years of uge, was attacked with [mills in the chest, accompanied with high fever, for which I blad nnd blistered him myself, but to no oil cut Under tho treatment of medical men tliu malady tinned to dropsy, and his stomach und fuut swelled lo an immense and almost inconceivable extent ; iu fuut thu faculty gave no hopes of his ever being restored to ho ilth. Your medicines were ultimately applied, nnd wonderful to relate, by their aid he naa cuiod in iho uhort spueo ui' auvoli nocks. Scores of my neighbours can vouch for the truth of I his statement; and, if you wish it, 1 will go before niiy magistrate and provo tho abovo facts on a solemn oath. ' I am, Sir, your obedient servant, JEREMIAH HOUGH, Timo should not ho lo«t iu taking this remedy for any of the following diseases - Ague Worms of nil kinds Asthma Weukness, from whut liilious Complaints ever cause &c;, &c.; Blotches on the skin Fevers of all kiuuU Hun-el Complaints Fits Colics Gout Constipation of Bowels Headaches Consumption Indigestion Debility iiillniumution Dropsy Jnundico Dysentery Liver Complaints Erysipelas LumlJiigo Female Irregularities Piles Stono nnd Gravel Rheumatism Secondary Symptoms Retention of Urine Tic-Douloureux Soro 'Throats Tumour* Scrofula, or King's Ulcers evil Venure.il Affections SolJiit the establishments of Professor Hol lowny, 214 Stnin I (near Temple Bar), London, and 80, Mniden-lune, N«ir York ; also, by till respectable Druggists und Dealers iu medicinc-i throughout tho civilised world. |J0* There is a considerable saving by taking tbo larger sizes. N.B.— Directions for tho guidance of patients in every disorder nre nllixed tu each pot. Sold wholcsulo bv the agent. J. BIKRi'.L'L, 47, King- street, Sydney, THE UNIVERSAL REMEDY. Have you horses galled with the collar? lisa Row's Embrocation. Have you a broken kncti'd horse ! Uso Row's Embrocation. Have you a horse girth-gulled, or naddlc-gallei' ? Use Row's Embrocation Hare you n hor.se sprained in tho hick Bincws ? Uso Ruw's Embrocation. IIuvo you a horsu staked, or gout ? Uso Row.s embrocation. VJEVER be without a jar of it ; its cost in tri li ling, and tho more frequently you have e.uijo to use it, tlio more satisfied will you bo of its goneial utility. To be had wholesale of JOHN and EDWARD ROW, King-»troet, und Bank Court, Sydney, and retail of nearly 'nil vespecttiblo storekeepers throughout tho colony. AGENTS for tho S VLB uf ROW'S EMBRCA TI0N, or FARMERS' FRIEND. Bathurst — Mr, J. Parker, wholesale ugeiit for tha Western District Boweufels— Mr. John M'Lonuon, store keeper Guyong — Mr. Rowe, ditto Mmlgeo— Mr. A. Lamol, ditto Ponrith— Mr. JIuiui, ditto N.B. — None nro genuine unless bearing the signature of Mr. John & Edward Rowe, King street, and Bank Court, Sydnoy. ROW'S EMBROCATION. JUST receivod by J. PARKER. Wholesale and Retail Druggist, William-street. TO BUILDERS & CONTRACTORS. npEXDEUS are required for the erection of an 1 Episcopalian Church at Orange. , Plan and ?lieeificiitioii can be seen nt the Post- Office, Orange. Scaled tenders to* bo scut iu on or. before tho 26th instant. v .JAMES DA-LEr~S-- £- Hon.' See, ' ' Orange. Jnn. 12th, 1857. - ~ . ? TO LET, ? - -- ? ' r~ A COTTAGE in George-Btreolynear Iho Wiiiia Horse Inn, containing 5 roomK^ard*T well of water. Apply to *«f . MR. ROBTT RAE. NOTICE ....-.' I To Mesioebs of Batiiuust District Cbicket ? Cum. ? RESIDES the match to be played on ths 20th, ? ? I) Europeans versus Nativks, it has been nr- ? miged to play a single wieket match of live .. i ? i side of the'lon'ii Members virsua Country Me.:i- I icrs. on Wednesday, tho 21st. I The sides will be chosen from the underrae;: ? ? iouud gcntlnmcu ; therefore any of them not I jeing able to play are requested to ncquant ths . I Secrotnry, Mr. MeiUon,.oii or before Mouduy, the I 19th, by post. I Tows. ConxTRY. I I Captain U.itlyo l Mr. Richardson, sen. I I Mr. C. Croaker ? 2 Rielinrdson, jun. I 3 Meillon 3 Cussidy I t Cobbo 4 Citnimings, jun, I S John Dargin,jun. 5 George Leu I I! Alexander 0 Joint Loo I 7 John Leo 7 Thomas Lea I 8 Tress, jun. 8 E. White I Tho attention of nil gentlemen subscribers is I particularly called to tho requirements of notice* I generally, whereby alono tlio Committee can iu- I ?lire some little spirit to all, inoro particularly to I Iho lovers of tha noble game of cricket. I ? E. M. BATTYE. [A CARD.] T W. GILES, of the Barley Mow, begs lo in 'J ? form tho gentlemen visiting theSolula Races, that he has first-rato ticcoinniodation i'or man nnd horse, having at a great expense fitted up n com modious Stnblu and u new unit of Bedrooms., tho J whole of which nro ceiled un I plastered to avoid the pest of bugs, that must, ns a matter of course, abound iu houses that liavo not taken this pre caution. Mr. Giles feels assured that by moderato charges, combined with such ucconimodatio:i, he will be nblo to give tho utmost satisfaction to those who may favour him with a visit. Soiitln, January 9, 1857. ^alcs bi- gUulttm. 1000 MIXED SHEEP. TRESS & CROAKER [T/ILL soil by public auction, nt the ' Sponis- ] V? sias's Arms,' (lato DoClouett's) 011 FRIDAY next, lGth, inst. at 12 o'clock. 1 COO mixed sheep, now running on tho plains— a nice lot for the Melbourne market. Terms nt sale. SIIEEP FOR SALE, At tho Yards, ut Iho ?' Sl'ORTSMAN'S ARMS,' Ox WEDNESDAY, 21st. Isst. TRESS & CROAKER WILL Sell by Auction, tho following lot of Sheep 180 Hoggets ISO Dorsots 200 Mixed Wethers SCO More or less Theso Sheep will bo sold without any reserre, I nml offer nn opportunity to a beginner, which ii I seldom met with. I Bathurst Mart, Jun. -13th, 1857. I LEASC OF TUB WUI.L-K.VOWS 1 HEREFORD ESTATE, I Consisting of 31 CO ncres. I Possession to be given on lit]) February. I MESSRS. It. ,fc W. OAKES 1 fTAVE been instrueted to_ sell bv Public Auction I I L at tbeir Rooms, William btrcot, Bathurtt, I on ? M MONDAY the 2nd February, 1857, 1 At 12 o'clock, I The lease for 7 years of tho well-known Here- I ford Estate, ndjoining the properly of Mr. Jno. 1 1'o-d of Kelso, consisting of 31G0 acres of the best I land in tho district, tho purchaser having I the option of extending the toriu to 7 or 10 M yours. _ m Tho position of this Estate nnd its capabilities I nro so well-known ns to need no comment I from thn Auctioneers and possession can bo given I on the lltli February 1857. I My order of the Mortga#''- under 11 Bill of Sale. 1 Team of 8 Woreixo Bullocks with Dray and I (}HAR COMIM.KTI!. I MESSRS. R. & W. OAKES I WILL sell by auction, on TUESDAY, Feb. J 10th, being the Opening Sale at the new I Stoak Yards in William-street, adjoining the I wuteh-lioiiso— I A team of 8 Working Bullocks with Dray and I Gear complete. 1 Terms— cash. I AT THE Ol'ENlNGOF 'HIE NEW STOCK' I YARD, IN fWILLlA.M STREET. I A four horso Team with Dray and Harness com- I plete. I Six Bullocks, with good Dray and son - complete. 1 ME jSRS. It. & W. OAKES I HAVE been instructed to sell by liiililio'anction, I nt the opouingSilo of their Yards, on I TUESDAY, FEB. 10, nt 12 o'clook, I 4 horses with Dray and Harness. I The horses uro iu lirst-ratu condition, and will I bo sold separntely, or in ouo lot if requested. I Also, G bullocks with Dray and gear complete. I Terms -cash. I TO Ci)UNTItV STORHltEEl'ER'5, SETl'LEItsT I SHH'I'EllS, GROCERS AND OTHERS. I Ettensiva and unreserved sale of Groceries, Oil- I man's Stores, Tea, Candles, Rico, Matches, I American Brooms, Tubs, Huekets, Clothes I'ojjs, I Manila Rope, Clothes Linoi, Paper, Wines, I Spirits, Beer, Albert Car, &c;, &c.; I 1USHW0RTH it CO. J HAVE received iustruclions from Messrs. 1 _ Trickett axd Douglass to sell by Public I Auction 011 their promises, No. 49G aiid 498, I llaymarkct, George-street, Syducv, on I TUESDAY, 20111. JANUARY, ? I at 11 o'clock precisely, I To eloso a Purtiioraliip Aeeount, I A lnrgo und varied assortment of the under- I mentioned Goods, uomprisiii'-i — I TEAS. I 200 chests Congou 1 ex Ulack Riror Packet and 1 200 half chests do. f other brands I 80 chests Twaukny and II. Skill 'In,, I 100 half do. do. t ox Terror and I 25 threo quarter do. do. J other brands I 220 qtinrlur do. do. ex. Arabia, and Early Bird I 20 boxes Souchong I 30 do. Young llvson I GROCEIllEri, OILMAN'S STORES &a.; I 200 cases qt. and pt. pickles— Whvbrow's, Bur- I gess, and Co.'s und other brands. I 100 cases bottled fruits I 20 do lib. jams I 20 do. 2lb. do. I 50 do. pts. salad oil I 15 do. lib. jellies . I 10 do. assorted sauens ;. . I 5 do. essenco of anchovies '~'~ '' I 20 barrels new Barcelona nuts ' ' I 10 cases S. S. Island arrowroot - -? I 15 barrels Scotch oatmeal . I Rico, soda, starch, liquorico I Castoi oil, table suit ' ' I Belmont nml stoarine candles ' I Preserved salmon and lobster ? I Wax \ cstas, paper . 1 Aiiicriean brooms, tubs, buckets, olothes po« ? I Manila rope, clothes lines, -fcc, Ac, -to. .?'?'- I Together liith a. large a»:ortmeut of goods too ' I numurous to luontion. ' ' - ? 1 Also, ? ^^te«^_l^J Wines, beer, brnndv, sin . ^^^H^IMI^H W. I. Rum, old Tom ^^^^^^^1 Essence of peppermint ' -^^^^^^^^^^^H Champion's Vinegar, Ac, Jba., Ac^^^^^^^^^^^^^H In und out of Bond, to sui^M^^^^^^^^^^^^^H buyers.- .^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H A 'VERY IUNDSfuJ^^^^^^^^^^^^| new. , , -^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H counfl^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H Cou^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H tbcir^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H jidvertnltd7n^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^| 