aimilOUll^rj-; HIJJI 1HH3VG.9. Bv NmitOD's Ghost. Satdmuy.— Tho hounds having boon so long away at tlio Goelonjj trysts, a numerous muslar was uxnooteJ at tho moot ndvortiscd for tho ltoyal Hotel, Brighton ; but, as it tuniod out, tho 'AM was very slack, nlthoiHi it was a lovely nftoruoon. Tho only way to nccount for tho absenco of many of tlio ' regular*,' is tho ahynlar ill-luck which linn attended them in their horno flesh,— imiiy ui i io moat vnniiiDio Hunters m tho club Imvine been put, temporarily, hor/(e)de combat, by n vurioty of accidents. On tho jiresmt occasion a notorious ' bag man had been provided, no ns to onsuro a ulnshinL' run, and thoso who woro in tho pig-skin fluttered thomselvcs that they would onjoy n raro afternoon's sport. Tha pack woro thrown off near Picnio Point, nnd went away nt n telling jmco, it requiring lota of niggling io keep oioso, in thoir wal.-o. Post aud-raila woro reached in tho first mile, nnd thtro was every project of n hovoio cross-oountry gnl lop, whon ono of thoso ugly hindrance! (the pultora nn of which ought to bo indited ns wilful hoiuioldos) a wire fonco, stopped us in full career ; and tho timo lost in making a circlo round throw nil bauds out for somo timo. Whon tho hounds wero got together, a second Btart was mado nftor a fresh quarry, and ho led us a merry daneo for about throo miles, when wo again rat into troublo by having to avoid an impracticable, country.- As it was gutting Into in the d.iy, tho Master uocidod to malto homewards, nnd tho fun wus eked out by n littlo schooling. Thunderbolt, although with four tjcnstonoon his back, p.irtioiihrly rifet'^itished hiui Bolf, nnd tho well-known cob jumped na clean na over. Postnnd-liaila proved that, with a light weight anil rid ileu slowly at hid loaps, ho'ia not to bu unouzol at; though Iio nianagod to give our heed-lea liltlu frionii as usual jmrlor, TUESDAT. — A vory Boloct fow assoniblod ntt'ioWattlo ffroo, Dandonong road, to make up fir lost timo by an extra moot. Tlio customary larking ovor tho handy lit ilo two-rail fonco, near tho Pub., commenced tho fun, and wo then adjourned to tho open ground, whoro tho lioundu aro gcnorally thrown in to covor. A varmint looking dingo wni started away, nnd a nipping chaao ?was calculated on j but tho wrotchod beast turned cur, and sank beforo tho pack beforo wo wcro faiily warm to our work. He won coon broken up to tho shrill 'whoo- op'!' of Mr. Watson, and his oarly fato was scarcely re gretted, in tho knowlcdgo of Iho benefit tho ' bloadin'' ?would afford. A socond chovy was shortly maiwcd, and tlio going was pretty fast ; but there was no fencing, and it did not last long onougli to provo quito satisfac tory. On. tbo way back to kennel, tbo Master led u* ovor BOino pretty stiff country, nud thoro was a good doal of aport occasioned by biulks, s'lmshes, and apills. Somo novices woro our. who figurqil moat creditably, managing to get ovor tho timbor with good pluck and judgment. Our friend of ours who was on a fresh horso at the last run (having ridden Thunderbolt in tho first), of courso managed to pay hin compliments to niothor earth. Ho i3 undoubtedly tho . luckio.it faller that ever waa, for ho is novor tho woreo for it, but rathor Beems to liko it. ? 