LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tjjubsday, 9m A rail,, 185T. (Continued from our last.) CUSTOM OFFICERS INDEMNITY BILL. The Hon. Mr. WEDGE moved the scond leading of this Bill, which was seconded by the Jion. Mr. Whytc. The House went into Committee on the Bill, which -Wits read a second aud third time, and pa£sed. Ordered to be priutcd on vellum. APPKOFEl/mON BILL. The Hon. Mr. WEDGE moved the third reading of this Bill. The Hon. Mr. WHYTE seconded. 'J'he Hon. Mr. KEUMODJ5 moved, as an jwnendment—That the Address of the Governor be now read. The Hon. Mr. HENTY seconded. The ,Hon. Mr. WEDGE should oppose the amen "intent; it was only intended to prevent the' payment of the salaries in a constitutional manner. He thought it uncalled for. He should oppose the amendment if stood alone. The amendment was then put with the following reBult:— Ayes 10 Noes 4 Tlio Hon. Mr. KERMODE had. no intention to burke the third reading of the Bill, but he thought he would give an opportunity to some hon. members to hear it read, who were not in their piacts when it wus tir6t read. It was a most extraordinary reply from the Executive Council. The Hon Mr. WHYTK rose- to order. The Hon. the PKESIDENT juled that the Hou. Member for Longford was in order. The Hon, Mr. KEBMODE should move that the third reading of the bill be postpjned till Wednesday. It must nor, be forgotten that no later tbau the 26th March the Governor had sanctioned the payment cf money for the Elect'ic Telegraph, without th: consent of the parliament. Du'ies had been levied, too, on the naked re solution of one branch of the legislature, and that house had taken grave exception to it. £157" hnd been paid without any vote, aud yet wneu a resolution passed by both houses js sent up, it is evaded because there is a vote of want of confidence looming in the distance. Coming events cast th?ir shadows b; fore." If there was anything tliut should cause hiin to vote for want of confidence in the ministry, it was an act of this kind. It was all sham and humbug. The reply was to evade the question altogether. That the ministry could urge such advice as that, at such a time, was beyond his comprehension Nothing either could be done to forward tile bill, as the other branch of the legislature bid adjourned till Tuesday next, and on that very evening a motion of vital importance was to be disct-ssod. The Hon. Mr. WHYTE rose to order. 7 he Hon. Mr. KEttMWK would put the case liypo'.betically then, he had no doubt of the result of that, motion. The Hon. Mr. HENTY seconded the amendment. He entireJy absolved His Excellency from any of the' responsibility of that document The Excc«tive alone were responsible for it. He thonjrht the document an intrusion on the House, and the spirit of it was to urge on the Appropriation Bill. T hat was his (Mr. Hen'/s) opinion from a caltn consideration of Jt» purport and bearing. For those reasens" he should support the amendment. The Hon. Mr. WHYTE should oppose the amendment. The Executive were anxious lo do a legal net in a constitutional mauncr. Hon. members had implied there was a spirit of intimidation in that document, but he thought not. The Hon. Mr. BEDFORD regretted 'hr.t the Executive Council had tendered the advice they had to the Governor. The points of legality were vorthless in a case of such moment! His tut prise wa- the greater, when he thought that Ministers had in that House, stated they would pay the salaries. For those reasons, and the spirit in which that document was couched lie should vote for the postponement. The Hon. Mr. KNIGHT, while quite agreeing with what had been said by the preceding speakers in reference to the document bcibre the House, still Lo was anxious that the Appropriation Bill should pass. The Hon. Mr. SMITH thought the document an insult, and for that reason he should support the amendment. The Hou. Mr. NAIRN slnuld support the motion, The Hon. Mr. WALKER said if that nddretB had not been sent there, the Appropriation Bill would have been passed, lie felt it his d"ty to vote for the amendment. If the salaries were not paid the officials could not blame the Parliament, but the Executive. The Hon. Mr. NAIIIN should support the motion. The Hon. Mr. WEDGE explained the motives which bad influenced the Executive in the drawing up of the document in question. He contended that the only way to pay the salaries was to pass the third reading of the Bill. A division took place on the amendment of the hon. member for Longford, with the following result— Ayes G. Noes 8. Messrs Henty Messrs Lowes Smith Kni >ht Bedford L&ngdon; Walker Whytc Bisdce Nairn Keruiode (teller) Button Burgess Wedge (teller) The amendment was negatived, and the motion declared current. The Bill was then read a third time and passed, ordered to be takeu down to the other House ou Tuesday. The remaining orders of the day were lhcn pogtponed) nl)d the House adjourned nt a quarter past nine till 4 o'clock ou ANNUAL MEETING OF THB BIBLE SOCIBTR. The Annual Meeting of the members »nd friends of the above named Societv took place, according to previous announcement, -on Thursday evening at the Hall of the Mechanics* Institute, Melville-street. His Excellency Sir Henry Yuunc, Knight, Governor in Chief presided. The hall was well filled before the appointed hour of meeting. Hir Excellency accompauicd by Lidy Young and Mr.'Sollv the private Secretary, arrived a few minutes before seven o'clock, the Unvernor, who was dressed in uniform, being escorted .to. his seat by the Rev. Mr. Miller, and other members of the committee. The Her. Mr. Tuckfield (Wesleyan) fit ike eall of'Hit Excellency, and in accordance with the rule of the Society, implored the Divine blessing upon the proceedings of the meeting. His Excellency then rose end said—Ladies and gentlemen—The object for which wc have assembled this evening, is to receive an account of the Tasmanian Bible Society's transactions for the past year. The report will be read to you by the Secretary, and various addresses will be delivered lor the purpose of cxciting grateful emotions, with respect to the past, and renewed interest in the future operations of Society : it is therefore not my intention to occupy your lime for above a few moments. I believe it is appropriate to the character af a bible meeting, to refer to the vital importance of the scriptures, from which the source of human strength and hope is to be learned ; and, although it is true that there are many wicked habitations and inhabitants of the world, aud that without Divine influence, we might possess a library of bibleB to no effect, yet that the lire of nations consists iu that word, and we know where it is written " The wind bloweth where it listelh, and ve hear the sound thereof, but cannot tell whence it Cometh, nor whither it goeth :" so is it with the Spirit. It is impossible for us to limit, or predict the extent of the operations of that Divine inspiration, which pervades the scriptures. (Applause). It is impossible to suppose that the saoreit volume can be void of a blessing when disseminated among tbe numerous tongues and people and kindreds and nat'ons of thiB earth. When we consider that the bible is the immutable standard of truth, of faith and practice, and that it supplies examples, and inculcates precepts, the observance of which will lead men through the grace of God. to happiness, it is impossible to suppose that these things being made known to the uttermost parts of the earth by means of the Bible and the Bible Society, can return void (hear, hear). It is then, the object of the Parent Society, of which this is a branrh, to promote this charitable work, and in connection with this Society wo are privileged to aid in the same work. I shall now call on the Secretary tu give an account of the transactions forthe past year. (Applause). The Secretary (Mr R. E. Dear) read the following report, end cash statement. *• Tiiihtt-sevbnth Rhpoiit op tub Tasmania* Avxiliabt Bible Societv. " The eighth day of May, 1819, was an auspicious day for Tasmania. Then it was tbat His Honur Lieutenant-Governor Sorcll, having fir6t taken an active interest in the preliminary arrangements, presided over that meeting, which inaugurated the Auxiliary Bible Society of Van Diemen's Land. By the names enrolled on the commission, as also from the early reeords of the Society, it is evident that llis Honor was ably supported by a large proportion of the leading men of the colony, and that here that happy blending of all classes, including clergy and lait*, military, naval, and judicial, so frequently to be seen in the operations of the Bible Society displayed itself in a very maricd manner; nor was this a display of names merely, an honest earnest zeal in this good cause evinced itself bv deeds alike of libarality and nr labour. At the close of this tirst meeting -it was announced that donations omounting to £100 9s., and subscriptions, amounting to £45 6» had been received. Seven days later the Ilobart Town Ganettc states that the list of donations had extended to £209 19s, and the subserip lions to £102 Is fid. Meanwhile, certain members of the Executive have been appointed as a sub coinmitte, their duty being to visit every habitation, to solicit subscriptions, and to ascertain what inhabitants are in possession of the Holy Scriptures, or not possessing, arc desirous of obtaining them similar duties are undertaken by the mem bers of the Society in the outlying districts j and the result of the well-directed, prompt, and systematic endeavours of these honored labourers is—that at the end of June the following interesting and valuable statistical information is laid before the public :— ABSTRACT and RESULT of the rititation of Ilobart Town and the icveral Districts the Settlements on the River Dement: 1S C } —. — — -J- CJ t I fc-S g-2 5J O f-ta « I oS 2 g S t •.ce-SS^jSM g c g, "lafj. to -a £ £ ? The above u not to be taken as a correct statistical ac ount of the Settlement, as thebarracks, and a very few houses have been ommitlcd, and also those persons In charge of stock, but on an average it may be computed tlieie are 80 Bibles less than the number of dwellings and 300 Testaments less than the number of dwellings; one Bible to every 5 persona, and 1 Testament to every 10 persons; but as there are some families who possess 2, others 8 Bibles, &c;, it may be computed that upwaxdBof 260 dwellings are destitute of Holy Scriptures. " It is further stated that the immediate results arising therefrom are shown in a more attendance at divine worship, and a more evident attention to the word there spoken, and this unnre" particularly in the outdistricts. " Such was the commencement—such the early records of this auxiliary Of the philanthropists who originated this movement, not one is now to be found a member of the committee, and even of the early friends and benefactors of the socicty how few remain! Many, in the providence of God, have been removed to other lands, end still more to another, and, we would fain hope, to a better world, but their deeds remain—their actions peiish not; and, if their removal from this sphere of labour says to us, " What thine hand ftndeth to do, do with thy might;" not less should tlieir deeds, which peiish no*,, stimulate us to follow them, who, thrown upon difficult nnd disheartening times, still thus ca: ly and thus assiduously shone, so that the very lispings of this infant colony should be ordered by God's Word. " Impressed, as they should humbly hope, with feelings such ns a retrospect of the past is calculated to awaken, and with devout thankfulness to the Almighty giver of all good for the many tokens of his uppioval, and for the amount of success which has attended tbe efforts of this auxiliary from its first formation. Your committee again hail the return of another anniversary; and if they have not, as on recent occasions, either to introduce the deputation Jcindly sent frnm our Fatherland and from the Parent Society, to bid us God speed, or to record the immediate results attendant upon their mission, still they arc happy to state that the past year has not been without results of a cheering and an encouraging character. 41 Of the seventeen branch associations, originated or resuscitated through the instrumentality of the deputation, all cxi»t. and, with very few exceptions, are actively labouring in connexion with this uuxiliury. During the past year thesft associations have been, with one or two exceptions, viBitcd by your travelling agent. Another association, which is vigorously working, has been formed at Hotliwcll. l'ublic meetings have been held, and other efforts have been tried, to increase the usefulness of these very valuable coadjutors, and your committee encourage the nope that, by systematic perseverance on the part of the friends, and by periodically bringing the claims of this great society before the public in these various localities, an interest will be excited in the minds of many who but too little understand its great and glorious achievements, and its still greater and more glorious purposes, whilst even they, who from the first have recognised aud responded to its appeals, as they gather together from time to lime, to *pe»k and to hear of its onwards—its blessed progresseven tliey may be encouraged to larger effort*, tu increased liberality, to more earnest fervent prayer on behalf of this society, which aims, with the one hand, to give liberally to a perishing world the Word of Life, and with the other as liberally to help on every socicty having a kindred object, saying, as it presents the boon— 1 Freely ye have received —freely give.' " In their last report your committee urged upon the friends of the various localities the fact that, under God, it much depemtcd upon their efforts as to the amount of abiding or increasing good which should result from the kind attention shown by the Parent Society to this colony ; and your committee cannot but feel that this appeal has been well responded to by a very l«rge proportion of the associations, who have evinced their sense of that which is at once their duty and thiir privilege, by increased ical and liberality, and by a more regular mapping out and visitation of the several districts, whilst by the kind reception so uniformly given to the travelling agent, in his periodical visits, and by the valuable aid so Irecly rendered him, not only have his hands been strengthened and his heart been cheered, but your committee have recognised in this, their kindness, an evidence ot the 6trong sympathy of those friends for that cause which is near and dear to their own hearts. Long, long may the God of the Bible induce and permit the friends of the Bible thus "to consider one another, and thus to provoke unto love and to good work." " But whilst your committee are cheered by the xealona co-operation of the great majority of the associations, truth and faithfulness compel them to add that theic are districts from which more had been expected and f'i "in wbieh they cannot but hope that m >te will through future years be realised, a:i'l to this end they would earnestly and atlectionatcly urge upon every friend of the Bible cause, but more especially upon those who hold oiHce in the variouB associations, and whose special duty it is at once to point and to lead the way : seriously and prayerfully to ask themselves, • is all being done in their own immediate locality which can he done,' and if not, that they would diligentlj and faithfully begird them to their work, Your committee would further urge that the collections in future should be so arranged as that the accounts may he made up; the remittances forwarded from the several associations to the auxiliary not to take theoi to the end of the year, so that the results of the labours and of the contributions might be embodied in the annual report. " For eight mouths in the past year your Colporteur haB been indefatigably pursuing his labours on this side the island, and with an amount of success which your committee feci demands their grateful recognition. During the above period more than 100 places have been visited, 3536 calls have been made, 2062 Bibles, 2121 Testaments, 2S6 Books uf I'sulms have been sold, making a total of 4209 volumes, it will be borne in inind that two-thirds only of the year are employed by the Colporteur on this side the island, the other four monthB being occupied on the northern side, in connexion with the Cornwall Auxiliary; if, therefore, we assume the population of the island at 60,000, and that the area embraced by your auxiliary includes two-thirds, or 40,000 of the population, then it will be evident that the number of volumes sold during the year by your Colporteur alone, exceeds in number a tithe of the population, and if it be true, as our much loved Sovereign has stated, that liritain owes her exalted position amongst the nauons to the influence which that llible exercises upon British hearts—then your committee appeals (we shall not appeal in vain) to every friend of Tasmania to help on this humble, unostentatious but glorious work, so that the child may eaiulate the deeds of her sire—the colony be worthy her her father land; and as the amount set apart from the public fund for the work of colporteurage is now well nigh exhausted, the friends will have an opportunity afforded them of practically testifying to the importance they attach to this branch or the society's labours. Your committee have to acknowledge the continued kindness of the E C.S.N. Co. for gratuitous transit along the Eastern Coast and to friends through the country generally for hospitable reception and valuable aid rendered both to the travelling agent and tothecolporteur. The issues from the depot, including grants, donations, .. have been 2028 bibles, 2627 testaments, Ling u total of £265 volumes distributed over the south of the island, being ail insrew* vtpu valumtt upon the iMue of tl«: previous year. FinMly, whilst yemr committee would recognise the fact' that cur adopted land has the first claim upon our' sympathy, yet they would also bear fa mind, that tlic world is the sphere of the society's operations, and that whilst the cry comes up to her from many lands for help, and whilst those heaven-bom associations, the missionary nnd school societies would gladly be heralds, whilst the offerings of the collective, the Universal Church, are poured into her lap. Yet still that cry for help comes up almost in vain—so that to China, with her 350 millions of souls, ehe can, by a special eifort, land but one million of Testaments —so that to India, with her 130 millions of inhabitants, the majority of whom arc our fellow.subjccts, she dispenses but, as it were, n Sew small drops, whilst that parched land is nadly needing the early and the taller rain —and Africa, poor down-trodden child of Ham, is penetrated to its centre by the Clirlsuan philanthropy •—.the indomitable persevering courage—of a Livingstone—and for what ? Surely not that it may join in the ciy ftir help, and then be sent empty away. Oh ! brethren, these are but a portion of the great deserts of our globe. Why—why were we placed on this moral emineuce, if it were not that we might, therefore, survey our field—the world—with its vast continents, its luany isles, and that, wherever we might see thn moral wilderness, it should be our heart's desire that, blessed by God's word, that wilderness might bloom and blossom as the lose, but to this end let us not forget that the society must have our practical liberality; and turther that thus n*ith the Lord God, " I will yet for this be enquired of by the hoose of Israel, to do it for them." TASMANIA!! BIBLE SOCIETY, in account toith John Dunn, Esq., Treasurer, from April 22nd, 1858, to April 9th, 1857. Du. £ s. d To balance of last account, hrought forward 270 7 I Collected at Annual Meeting, held April 22nd, 1866 26 5 0 Donations and subscriptions 245 2 6 Bibles and Testamentssoldduring ear 332 4 3 Ca. By remittance to Parent Society 700 It;' commission on above 21 .. „ „ Paid Mr. Atkins, stationery. Ice. 10 7 7 , Pratt nnd Son, printing..." 1 1 6 0 Ditto insurance 2 10 0 ! ilto Colonial Times 0 IS 6 Printing report 12 17 6 Paid Advertiser 0 8 6 ,, Daily News 13 9j ,, Assistant Secretary .. 37 10 0 „ For carriage of bibles 2 0 0 ,, T,aunccston Examiner u o u „ Travelling agent 75 0 0 Balance 17 13 0 862 18 10 (The reading of the report elicited considurable applause.) The tirst resolution was moved by the Ujv. Harris (lie-id Master of the High School, j Hobart Town) as follows :— I 1\. '1 hat the leport now reud be adopted, and that it be printed and circulate!' under the direction of ilie Committee. . The mover said—In rising to move that this be report printed, I will address a few words on the general topic which has called us togethcr this evening. On occasions of this sort, I am well aware that the chief interes consists in spccitic information. At home a general deputation from the Parent Society at'ends such meetings, and I wish it wei e in my power tn act the p:irt of a deputation from the Parent S .cieiy; but I am sorry to say I do no! possess that specific information to ciiable inn to do so. Wh:it has called us togcilier this evening ? it is to aid in the eirculation of the word of God. Now there are certain considerations with which wc arc familliar, but which require to he called to mind The first thing 1 would mention is tlie fact thnt of the thousands of persons around us of the millions the world consists of, so numerous that we nddtess, that every 1 one possesses a living soul,destined to an eternal cxistauce cither in eternal blessed- j ncss or misery, compared to which annihila- I tion would be a blessi.-g. There is another j consideration, which althougli infinitely be- i low this yet is not unworthy of notice, the effectof the Bible, when auplied by the Spirit 1 of God, to the heart of man, on the social state of mankind. In connection With tkia point the speaker made reference to a recent j publication of ;'|wcll known _ divine in England lingland . entitled " Is it possible to make the best of ' both worlds?" which hBS been reviewed different quarters and altho, some objections have been advanced, the principle was recognised in that book, thnt Godliness,hatli profit in this world, as well as-that which ia to coine, and also that contained in our Saviour's injunction and promise " Seek ye first the kingHom uf God and all other 'things shall be added unto yot". These sentiments occurred to him when his Excellency in his opening address said the life of natiuns consisted in the word of God. If they looked to those nations where the Bible had tree circulation, they would find them to be thrifty and prosperous ; but they were abject and poverty stricken where the Bible was not. The report made reference to that useful agency, eolportage, wliieh was used to some extent in England, although from the facility of communication in| England and the easy manner in which books arc accessible in the towns and villages colporteurs were not found sonecessary_ as elsewhere. But in France it was far otherwise. Although Franee was to a great extent a nation sunk in infidelity there was a certain awakening among the working papulation an! tbere| was a certain interest in the Bible. It was curious that a work of fiction was the means of producing this. "Uncle Tom's Cabin," Mrs. Stowc's well known work, was read with as great avidi y in France as in England nn 1 U.id created an interest in the minds of the working classes in the bible, as that which afforded solace to Uncle Tom. The Colporteurs were often asked whe her the bible they Bold was tlie bible of Uncle Tom (hear hear.) China had bceu mentioned in the report. It appeared that the leaders in the rebellion were somewhat acquainted with the bible, although they mixed up a quantity of human nonsense with it. They knew something of the doctrine of the Trinity, and the Incarnation of the Son of God in the human personage There was one other point. The report referred to the tirst duly being to themselves, lie (Mr. Harris) would extend that still further, and apply it to the duty of the individual to himself and his own family. The person who followed that object would be sure to exercise a diffusive influence and become almost a missionary of that work (applause.) The Rev. Mr Strongman, (Minister of the IndependontChurchNewTown)secondedihc resolution as follows—I feel it my honor and happiness to be identified with the diffusion of th aacred volume. We are not met to meet objections i,:ade by the opponents of Bible Society The Society has outlived, I may say all its enemies, and those who were once opposed to the circulation of the sacred volume have become admirers of tbe Society aud, to some extent, advocates of it. _Thc fathers of the Society were full of faith and full of love, like the venerable Hughes and Owen its first Secretaries, not forgetting other honored names. I have been very much instructed as pleased reading a book recently written—The Memoirs of the Rev. Clias. Simeon of Cambridge, and I was partiuulaily struck by the devout gratitude evinced by Mr. Silicon for the success of thin Bible ttooMty, ia wntreoaung tlw clilBeul- • ~ j t e s r s tiis^ cotl^befo member of P i n ^ S advocate ,he claims of the SoSetv t Y to after it hon existed on h„tf " y * and now members of it ^semw" ^ ^ ^ the among pations, subscribers anT K„ \ ani are some of the most distinct!? j I,eake r «, 'I he illustrious cTort r „ r b e f e W reign occupies a distineuUW „i e d . Sotl! - Society ami at one of ^teLlJ ^ ^ its claims. In the firet r™ 8 advoc »ted present Sociew. 4 ° f copies of the scriptu^ were S debuted. TheiLmeX^nS V 856 the issues were 1,474 1,1 »f we trace down the number i ^ during the several years of its cSsti, 8 * shall find that 31.000,000 of^!\\*« been sent for from the ^rcat deroJ 'o street, Blsckf.iars. The bread £ cast on the waters a n d h a « effects in our own day und ZL, "» eea have followed. If tlfe S f c of many persons here were ascerf,;„ ?7 would doubtless be found th^ ,!,! " indebted to this Society for tt k7 of Divine truth which they possess we could huger on the effectsof which .„„ duced in individual cases; butitS"^' to say a little on so largi W fathers and the founders of the SnH„„. , ? their difficulties ; they soWed the S Z wc in our day have reaped the suits, and every day we iL the reuS,':; the society becoming more extensive w. have heard about China Whc„ I w 3 the other colony I found some grauL"? results. There were s-me nmong^ Chines, population who were JabourLfo Ballaarat. who had received the W ^ God, and were walking constantly blessed precepts, hear hear.) On over the report of the Parent Society, h S that advances were being made on the con ; tincnt. Mr Strongman here referred to £ instance of a copy of the Scriptures bri' presented, handsomely bound, to one S3 in authority iu the Turkish F.mpire who wrote a pleasing letter ot acknowledgment ces that the Bcripturcs had been translated into so many dialects of the nations of eartL but (he continued there arc nations in the heart of Africa who never heard ofthesacrcd volume, that which we believe is the book that can humanize and that can „„vc ! man. When Xavier, thut Apostle of modem . missions was about to go forth in the nrose- , cuuon of his mission, from the deck of , the ship which carried him tn the far distant ; scene of his labours, looked forward aad beheld the rising hills of China, and lent- | ing to place his foot on the share, he crid 1 out ", Give , .me China for the Onnifiv Crucifix and ..j the whole ot will tall before it " The . spirit of the man was right; he was actuated | by that of his Lord and Mnsier, althoueh I he earned with hiin what may call a complete from ; of Christianity ; but let us go forth with the I b'blc in our hands, and we believe andhnpi that Chins shall be given to Christ. We I hqve nu hesitation in helieviug this! We see what the bible has achieved intlijtempire already, and we believe the time nil) soon come when Chin j fliall be converted to the faith of the Lord /osus Christ, (Applause/ llileivncc has been made to the humanixing effects of the bible, and I would just remind you thai it is only the bible that can rejily humanize and elciate the race of man. Attempts have bteu made to civilize man, especially among tbe tribi's of Africa. Commerce has been citended upon the west coast of thnt immrate country j but, Sir, commerce may exist, intercourse may be c.irried on with the njtiiei of the empire, and yet the vcty trnde mar he based on the most knavi-h jnintijijcs tbat can eiist, We have only to revert tn the slave trade in proof of this. But in Attica attempts have been made to cizilise thepeopie by men actuated by right motives. The speaker referred to the African Associatioa (1788) established 10 explore the interior of Africa, and to introduce the elements cl civilization in which Mungo l'aik, Hurchsrt, and other distinguished men took part; hut that societv had failed to accnmpli£h iu object The African Society (1607) to suppress tbe slave trade, and for efforts on the Ashantee coast, in connection with which was Dr Coke, who might be considered the founder of Wcsleyan Missions had nlso nptp ated in the same way. In 1840 the African expedition was fitted nut under the patron, aije of Prince Albert, Sir Powell Duxtonani) others, with the object of extending trade and commerce on Christian principles, hut it w r i » evident from all experience and from the results of all human efforts tkat nntbinf hut tlie gospel, the simple truth as it is ia Je6UB, carrieo forth in the spirit of the Lord Jesus Chrsit can elevate mun j nothing but the incorruptible word, the seed which liveth and ahideth for ever. Af'er some reference to the missionary Moffatt, Mr Strongman noticed the labors of Dr Livingstone who had just returned to England, after having penetrated to the heart of Africa, travelling 10,000 miles, to tell of the openings to usefulness in the interior of Africa. A way had been opened for the introduction of ehristianitv, for which every lover of the bible should be thankful, end which he should endeavour to improve. Let tliem seek to carrv the bibla forth, to diffuse it among the benighted tribes of Africa and elsewhere in the spirit of that precept of the Saviour, who commanded his disciplcs to " Go forth into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature, baptizing tliem in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." (Applau'e.) . Hts Excellency, in putting the resolution, desired those who approved to hold np their hands, and those on the contrary to stand up. The resolution was carried ncin. con. Rev G. Clarke, (Independent, Coliins-st,; moved the second resolution, in the absence of Dr Officer:— . („ 2\. "That this meeting highly appn®»»" the valuable co-operation of the Associations connected with this Auxiliary, and the services of the Travelling Agent, and trusts thnt by combined and " mauc efforts, the work now m l'rog rcB may be sustained and extended. He said—I really think. Sir, I ought to permitted simply to move the resolution ano to sit down, as I know there »F« 6e \ c ™ jesolutions to be moved. But I ««' »). few words as I can on the subject ol Ui« resolution. I stand now iu the place 01 better man, and I have not been oble to giv that attention and that thought to tne lution which I think it justly demands. J« resolution affirms the expression ol an •>] ion by this meeting of " the operation of the Associations c 0 "" 0 "^, this Auxiliary," which it "PP™^* Appreciation! l'erlisps, Sir, 1 ,. wrong in saying that this ^ " ^ s being the probability of these associations bejng disparaged and not apprecia ^- been maintained by some that it is not to put the Scriptures into the hand' « lettered persons until they haje tieen structcd in the first principles ol tne tian religion. This reminds me of tne in the old Greek fable, who was bo "" g 0ll the river, when he got out of h '» ttc^ra(k.Sl being got out " ^ V T l C d . "' 10 and brought to dry la " d ' he J°^oUld never touch the sacred voiuiu", m • , r0. ignorance, is just like the self-impos^ hibition of the man not to touch warer ^^^ he had learned to swim. ' bibic is, objecuon to the circulation ^01 v ^ ^ ^ ought to — t e ^ b e ^ (bait ao wise 1 I suppose. " -jfrnevwr wordin our translation; TOittim" 4 """^., ^ most- imperfect, TerBion of a* 1°' Offering humanity in bo"" „f . I,.iter, ihat I would circu-. i•*»• ** t Q i d thc lBt e l iZ"hri8Utaity are suspended on pn"«P«® «„e here, or the rendering of U, e S?I*1 ! heSep.tociple8l I think/may , w . bc learned f£,mthe fromttie spirit si)^ and the context of h le b t S r r i n whoCiU «ceivc it,(lieplain to UK "" Some persons are inclith^iuons. from the nefl toflispwas . composing them, H Xerous and fooliA ohjec- «>" « iumber ? f "" tton t ?^ that is no reason why we disparagement of should look on til em i let us look ^f^P^^^heque.rioii and regard o the other side^ H associations. In ^SEsaSd-ra w ^ ^ t o s is likely to be broken „ these associations, tliere of-lf-help, cultivated. Why t great good and of great nromUe when I see persons, though few in Cte, helping themselves, and acting as Ciren in carrying on this Rteat and bis Id work (cheers). It is, also, a mamfesitirni of the spirit of the union. Sir, the bM "is above lis (ill, and above all creeds ,„d differences among the professors oi rollrion • iitid christians, by joining together in Acknowledgement of the importance of this «at book and in submission to its authority is a sign of union which we may well hail nth pleasure. It might be said in regard to he bible as of its author. The bible is so Icliaboreus and above all that can sepa- !ie earnest christians one from another, hat all may unite in promoting its circulator and the necessity for the iDanilestation if union is areason wliv we should " appreinte the co operation of the associations collected with this Auxiliary." Mr Clarke exilalned the opinion of the word " Pagan as applying to" villagers," the inhabitants if the country, who from their position, were lie tat to give up their heathen i,uperstiiom, and thc last to reccive Christianity ; ind continued I do no mean to infer that hose in the country are worse christians ihan ourselves; hut when christian people it scattered about over the remote districts ..the country, unless they ure very careful ndecd, they will degenerate into praciie il leatlicnism anil it is requssite that these aslociations should he iormed, that the bible nay be circulated where even it is unpracliuhlu to liuilil churches and find ministers. iVc can send the word of God into the most emole districts and we must do that if w e ive lliem from what I have called practical j eathcuism. Tile resolution speaks of the , •crriccs of the travelling agent. In regard | i thc travelling a^ent, I dare not I ly, much, as he is present, , iut I do think that as a Society wo may •cmgratulate ourselves, and may thank Go<t .nd lake courage because of agent an who has irorcd so zealous, so earnest, and so successful (cheer?,) and we hope that they wiil 'C themselves and the recipients of a double ilessing. I beg to move the resolution, but . hope the time will come when Associations In the oonntrv wjii not he needed, but when jlie bible sliuil be possessed and piized by all lie people in thc land and the necessity be Ifineawjy with. (The reverend gentleman "hesp rising was much npplauded wus also tonily cheered on concluding his speech,) Mr Ueoige Washington Walker (Minister if the Society of Piiendb), was called upon second the resolution. He said— In •tendiiig the resolution, in the place of a milkman (The lion. Mr Kermuilu who was ixpected to be present, I may perhaps illude to the pleasure I experienced in being ireeededbya puitlemnn, who is a stranger the colony (ltev Mr Harris), but who is ely to take an active and prominent part it; and who has come forward anil hnkedhims if on the right side (considerate. pplause). I trust we may auger from it .ucli good-that he is one of the soft, and at his heart is endued with bible principles, io then he will be one of the right sort to immii the education of our children to. Iheers). In reference to the origin, and "grcss of Society, we are reminded how eat a matter a little tire kindleth. In lifty »ji great results have attended the works the Society, Upw ards of four millions of ™iej have been subscribed and expended, toty millions of copies have been printed ; 1 twenty millions more have been put into culation through its instrumentality, in iio hundred and lifty different languages. W, we may exclaim, how groat a matter tue has kindled ! And what may e «"t expect it yet to effect f It is truly 'owed that God can \vn-\ without means, inis own immediate p . v for "Not by .pi n ™ bjpower, Iv . ,.y Spirit, Baith ,ra Uul ,1 '_ it ha.- n,n pleased him so to , - J" ls pieced to usu means, njnniedes used to sav with respeet to a>e power " Give me but a fulcrum, and S world !" I believe the "t" » f »lf™»i, "id that it is the deign of ."Bji 'urough thc instrumentality ,,f^-Suuely, „„d the agfiiicy of the mk.'i : J ,u u, , t " Dn wnn utiwr mei d H'"v 11 '' 1 generate the li st world, " h " lnr y n " d experience of th ir« c* • ° eome to bo nequainted . dedhv.Hj e . truth8 Mr \- Walker conril o if:,, ^'"B I'letanocs of the effects | 6ul)J I Win,,i "' u '"e h «man passion, 1 r S ,influencing the temper t"„&','? f Remind, and in promot- KUsS " ppl " e6s 111111 ' b >' showing i°le world i. duffused throughout the C i ,'! S could ""ly be eifeeted, H of h,, f \- lv " ,e arrangement, by ust). U " 11 " instrumentality. (Ap- J "solution, which ev leVn Tlr T JJoniiiniously. • ^mibull, (l'reshyterianMiuister, next r J > Ws8 e/Ued upon to propose n rls ' firceted eI1 T ' " , "8 Wlui eor- :I The resolution was as fol- •i'e 1 i4n t while nvi 6mCeli^' recognising ^hZ P c „T the holy 'M b> nrt, r "»»""»a. by Colpottage, the^ wide fi S 6^' de6ires to'survey urecn 6 t' | occupies, and the i6 thus supplied, to doct ^'"reoperations." M follows «r. s J e ' ur i„ ttfS^ 1*"* that you will tae rt-'fiolutidn T ?,, "tatement in tagcaofjL* advert to the adoPPortuStie „r ° ^-olportiige, having .ih»ryi™"° fs^'ngthe „g,;„t of this [I'jing njj | • nothing could be more Procedure. That nuay m . ""JPf 'e read and known" . and a, m , u ' c enrneetnes», kindfeOHipi fiS f manifestfi, exempli- \- ^ «f Christ, and com- J"- enU011 , the of those to bavi„g bS?*'. bible; of and ""•"i/ofrt • disposing raeans owing to hS L Itak™7. t ' d , them . 1) y his oirn mrnf J'om theimn™ ros .' recess, „ot work, ln llis J likt ant ,,alure of llis «i6e fS , l«f Ins con, ^ krlo w » moie cr on d character for more l 1 '"'!, I "'""y- As to the te- K ith °meto L ' ty . 1,Ulc is "eeded to rwu fch w 1 ;®'™" «f erery one: • h«« been stated «u iu.t , t _ anA;urgent in themselves; the gatea of China , ss long closed against u«, arenomtfipen, and we have now the opportunity of making the bible known, for the first. time, almost, to one third of tile' :human* family; and we are bound to avail ourselves of the opportunity to give to those who;have never, known die bible, their rightful iliare in these advantages. And there is encouragement to prusccute thc work. Those who with this book to heathen , lands do not speak to the savage in vocabularies, unknown. His own heart tells him there is something wrong within j his conrience dictates, and thn prevalence of sacrifices in his heathen worship constitutes t! cry to us to send the Bible, that he might receive that Which can direct to the true sacrifice by which alone he may have his concience appeased, and be made happy. The diffusion of the Bible will put an end to the horrid cruelty, which abounds among savage nations, and bring into the heart, a conciousness of life, became a conciousness of power. In no part of the world has the Bible been made known, and its principles have been promulgated, where it has not received a response within the human heart, and the people have been prepared to receive that blessed truth which conscience tells nothing of that "Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners," (applause). If then, this be the effect of the Bible, how culpable are we if we do not exert ourselves to make it known ! It is upwards of eighteen centurics Bincc Our Saviour came into the work, and yet his love is unknown to a vast proportion of the human race. God himBolf has fihown tlic importance which he connects with tho circulation and the know-ledge of the scriptures, and seeing that they bear testimony of His own incarnation in human form (with reverence be it spoken) how little do we value what God has done for us, and how different are how conceptions of our necessities from tho.-e of Him who made us! If we consider the point which was referred to by a previous speaker, that God himself, who is the great subject of the Bible, hath committed to man thc task of extending thc manifestation of his love throughout thc earth, we shall see that it depends on the agency of U6 men, whether the scriptures shall tie disseminated | ir not; and if we are careless respecting thc diffusion of the Bible, it shows that we do not care to carry out thc purposes of love and mercy therein revealed. These considerations are awful and bublimc. It is a blessed tiling for us who live in dayB when men are becoming alive to the trust confided to them, and therefore are d sposed to net it out; but do we show by the exer- tions we UFC, thnt we adequately value the Bible ourselves ? And then Ictus remember that this message of mercy was never intended for one family, but for the whole family of mun for God so loved the world that he gave His only begotten Son that whosoever belicveth in Him might not perish, but have everlasting life;" but how shall they believe unless they hear, and how sha'l they hear unless the messenger, the word of truth, be sent to tliein r With all these considerations we shail surely be at once prepared to re* spotid to the resolution which I have now the honor to propose. (\pplnusc.) Rev Dr Fiy, in rising to support the resolution, said he felt the responsibility of having to rr.iikc Temarks ou the duty of circulating the sciiptui-HB Wherefore was it that the Jiilile had made so little progress r The hindiance to its diffusion was not in the Bible itself; it hud been said the Almighty has com nitted it to 11am.:iL agency ; that was undoubtedly true, and the answer struck liim (Dr try) nt once that it was because of the inconsistency between the Bible and those who called themselves Bible Christians, that the Bible was not more generally diffused. There were three grent classes of opponents to the operations of thespciely; thc ungodly, (who opposed it in their principles, lives, feelings, und example) the wordly-mindcd, who were ignorant of the Saviour, and who have never bowed the knee to Him, those who professed to believe in tho Bible but did not act according to its principles, and thought it insuflicicnt for salvation. They could not hope to induce the ungodly or the wosdly minded to promote the circulation of the Bible. As to those whose principle was that the Bible was nut sufficient for salvation, they would not promote the circulation of thc 6eriptures. Thc Bible was, however, not inefficient to lead men into all truth. One person (in illustration) lud said the Uiblc was a nose of wax, capable of being turned into any form. But had the denunciations of the Bible on its promises changed r Certainly not. Tile bible was unchangeable, men might change end pervert the Bihle, and misuse it. Thc friends nf the Bible had a duty to perform. Let them remember that tliey should not only send the colporteur to disseminate the Bihle, but themselves love the Bible, and recommend it iu the spirit of love, (eheerfe). The ilev Mr McClcan moved thc next resolution : — 4\. That this meeting devoutly desires that ; the wide spread operations of the Bible Society may, through the Divine bless- ing, greatly tend to the honor of God and the benefit of mankind. There were, he said no persons who loved the Savour who did not love the circulation of the Scriptures and wlin -would not use all the instrumentality within their reach. Mr S M'Clean referred to the Inborn of one of the colporteurs in France, and to some incidents that had occurred in Turkey where 17,000 bibles had been circulated since the war commenced, as stated ill The Book and its Mis^ijns which he earnestly recommended to thc attention of thc audience. He also mentioned the present of .a bible by the Queen to an African Prince, and the pleftsure devised therefrom und in conclusion exhorte.d ihmeeting to do what they could by Prayer and effort to promote thc circulation of the bible (cheers . Rev. W. Watcrhouse (lately from Foegee) seconded the motion. He said the object for which they had met had his warmest sympathy. In the course of some excellent remarks he snid the bible had b en translated into the Feegee language, 10,000 copies of which were in the course of publication by the Parent Bible Society. At this time 10,000 testaments were daily read by those who had formerly been called and justly called thc Cannibal Feejees. lie felt it right to say that, persons of the same religion as those who have latterly been burning bibles in Ireland, had acted in the same way there with respect to tliat book, which they called the Book of Lies. The reverend gentleman in the course of Borne remarks on the triumphs of the Bible mentioned that within the last four yeais 40,000 Fecjcans had renounced their g idolatry and their cannibalism, and had embraced Christianity. Several cases of interest illus- j trative of the triumphs of the Bible, were F also adverted to. The natives of Feejee had | ery great regard t'T thoBible ! they loved I it! it was their study. Mr. Wntcrliouso I said hu was accompanied to this colony by a | native of Feejee who evinced his love for the bible by constantly perusing it and which was solace in a Btrangc land, (applause) The resolution was then put and passed. Rev. Mr. TuckfieYd having expressed his pleasure at seeing His Excellency ill the chair, said he loved thc bible and was delighted to see thc interest manifested in its circulation. Ilo moved the following resolution: — fi. That this meeting recognizes the privilege of realizing Christian co- operation irrespective til' denominational distinction, and appoints the following officers and committee for tile ensuing year:— President, His Excellency Sir H.E.F. Young : Yjce-Presiden's, Revs. J. Norman, llr l.i'lliv, J AMaflion, F Miller,. W NieolBnn ; Mr. G W Walker - Com- • mittce, Kevs. WII Bennett, J Burrowcs, G Clarke, E H Cox, W Day, X Dove, i JDownea,T DngaU,B Freeman, Joseph • Fielding, Dr Iry.K JohnBon, i Mayson, U McClean;TJNlsbet, J Hobertson, J B , Smith, Dt'furaVal, "WWaterfield, F Tnckfield. O Wright, J\Vhyte, WK B Wade, Major Cotton, Mr II Bout, Mr Crouch, Mr Brock, Mr Daniel, Mr A Edgar, Mr Oeiss, Mr GiUes, MrE Giblin, Mr Gray, Mr Coggin, Mr Facey, Mr Hopkins, Captain Horton, Messrs Hutton, Kermode, Owen, McPherson, R Khoobridge, Spotliswood, J Smith, S ewart, Dr Officer. Mr Witt, Mr Waena Mr Waleh, Mr. Hebblewhito Treasurer, Mr Dunn. < Hon Secretary, Rev F ililler. .Principal Depositors, AJSristant Secretary 'and Travelling Agent, Mr H£ Dear. Auditors, Mr \V Kout, \- and Mr Hiddlestone." Mr Daniels (Missionary to the Jews), seconded the resolution. As a 'missionary F in a foreign land, he liked to look to effects, for missionaries preferred looking at effects to making speeches. He stated a fact of a Rabbi in Damascus, who took a New Testament and tore it up, scattering the leaves. JL young man took up one of the leaves containing a portion of the third chapter of St John, respecting Nicodemus and the new birth. The young man went to Jerusalem, and through the instrumentability of the leaf ot thc Bible, and the instructions of Bishop Alexander, he became a Christian, and was in nine moi.ths received publioly into the Christian congregation. Another fact was that of a present of a bible by Mr. Daniels to the Cadi of Damascus, who put it on the ehelf, but promised to read it. In three months afterwards the Cadi told him he liked the Bible better than thc Koran, tnd that Mohammedanism had more to fear from the Bible than from the English cannons. (Cheers.) UcBolution put and passed. Joseph Hone, Esq , chairman of Quarter Sessions, WOB called upon to move thc next resolution, and said, being near ten o'clock, lie should be cxcused from making anv remarks. He would simply move the resold tion, namely— 6\. That thiB meeting respectfully acknowledges thc kind attention of His Excellency Sir Henry Yuung to the business of the evening, and trusts that thc divine blessing will continue to rest on this important institution. (Applause.) llenry Hopkins, Esq., J.P., seconded the motion. He had had the pleasure of being: at a meeting when Governor Sorell was present. He had seen six governors, four of whom had since gone to another world 111. 1S19, when there were BO lew persons here- they managed to raise £200, which contrasted, what Ihev received now. He thought thissociety was the glory of the land, and it ought to he well supported. When be went, asking for money, some of his friends said, there were so many societies. He (Mr. Hopkins) said the more the better. (A- laugh ) He hoped they would go on to improve, and', take shame to themselves that they had done: so little. (Applause.) The resolution was put by thc Rev. Mr- Miller, and carried, the meeting signifying: upprovul by standing up. His F.xccllency brioliy acknowledged the; vote. lie said he should make a very ilL return fur the compliment if, nt that lata period of the evening, he detained them any longer on any matter personal to himself. He was sensible of the compliment, and heshould have great pleasure in attending on. all future occasions, if he had the opportunity- He deemed it a privilege. He als i concurred, in the latter part of llic resolution, and trusted, the divine blessing would indeed continue to prosper that institution. (Applause.) A doxology having heen then eung, the meeting hroke up at ten o'clock. The collection at the doors amounted to £20 14s. 