EUROPE, UOSSIl' PHOM PARIS. THE Paris correspondent of the Timet says : -The Empress's vin't so suddenly to Plombieres (where nothing was ready to reeieve her I) is slill the myBtery of thu hour ; and two new versions of it are given. I do not mean versions yiven by the gossip of the public nl largo, but alleged by those nearest about the palace, and who, though they may bo mistaken, are yet ill n position to know what goes on. One of these versions is, that her Majesty, hearing ol a circumstancc ut Plombieres that displease!} her in a very livoly way. determined at once to start for the Vosgei*, and expostulate. I am bound to say that one or two fucia may colour this account with probabality. The oilier story is, thai the meeting between the Imperial fumiliea of llussia and Prance has been suddenly settled, and thut the Empress is gone to Plombieres for thut reason. Tlio two likeliest causes for the unexpected excursion are, how ever, either an admonition to be addressod by the Emperor to his wife, upon her want of etiquette here, or a sharp lecture to bo read by the Empress to her consort, upon other little dere lictions there. Whichever way it is, it occupies everyone just now. The Patrie says, that the Queen of England will pay a visit to the Em peror at Fontainbleau in the beginning of September, und will stay theie about ten days. Sir Colin Campbell and stall passed through Pari# on Monday. The French Ministerial orgin, Pays, I learns from L'cndon that orders have | been sent to Admiral Lynns to send several of his ships to China. The Brunswick now nt Leghorn is to go to Calcutta. THE FHKNCH IN AFRIOA. The official report of the lust engage ment betw eon the Kabyles nnd the French troops, states that while the latter were returning to camp the Kabyles planned |an ambuscade, nnd (.ourctl into the French ranks an inces sant and murderous fire.' On one oc casion the storm of bullots forced the Zouaves to lie down on the ground, nnd for some time entreaties, reproaehes.aml threats, were unavailable to get them on to the attack, and it W.t only after a flank movement by the Foreign Legion that the po-'.itim of the K.tb/Ies wa« | turned nnd the enemy dislodged. UTarriaok or tiik KINO op Port TtioAt.-It is now staled, on good authority, though not officially, that the Princess who is about to become Queen of Portugal is the eldest daughter of Prince Charles IJohcnzollern Signar ingen. He abdicated in favor of the King of Prussia. The Princess com- ! pleted her twentieth year on the 15th July, Le Pays says Prince Albert has been the means of brineinp: about tho alliance. The Russian Government is directing its attention to a project for constructing a canal between the Caspian and the Sea of Arab. Thrjplan of uniting the Black Sea and the Caspian has beeo considered, but the survey shows that the cost would be enormous. A slaver has been captured at Lagos by the Proinetheut, Theto was upwards of £5,000 in money on board. She wao on American brigantioe, of New Orleans. Akcbdracow Dknisoh'S CASK There is no truth whatever in the report which has been put in circulation by some of the ecclcsiastical paper?, to the effect that the promoters of tho suit have abondoned it, and that the appeal will not now go to the Judicial Com mittee of the Privy Council. Mr Disher hits announced that he hfta never At any time hesitated or delayed to carry on the suit, that all the impediments and delays have! been caused by others, and that his firm and fixed determination is to persevere with it till the final decision '8 given. It is expected that the ap peal will be heard before the Judical Committee in November, The great sales at Alton Towers continues daily ; the armour, scrulturo, &c.;, have been sold this week, and real ised good prices, A boy lately employed in the Era office is in custody for robbing the editor's box of the postages in the letters. He was in the habit of obtaining posses sion of the keys of the office early in the morning,and. after ransacking theletters, locked up the office and restored the leys to the custody of a neighbor, who had them brought to him every nWit. Tho Corporation of London have de. cided on presenting to tho Duke of Cambridge the freedom of the city and a sword of the value of 200 guineas, i _ The Administrative Reform Associa tion has given up the ghost. It has been in existence rather more than two years, j'nd its course, we are sorry to' gav,' has been very pretentions, but very use! csp, 'f'e Manchester testimonial to Dr. Livingstone, the African discoverer, has reached the amount of jtf;00. A deputation had nn intcrviow with Lord PiilmerMoti on Wednesday on the ^uoj'.'ct of the Red Se i telegraph coro .nmiciotion with india, China, and Australia. EXPENSES of TIIK PBHSIAN F.XI'kd ITION.- Oil July iGth was printed the following return to an order of the House of Commons, for an estimate of the extraordinary expenditure of account of the expedition against Persia;" -" Amount estimated by the Govern mentof Rombay.from IstOctober 185G to 30ih April, 1857, £02,763 ; amount paid Jn England for clothing and pro visions, £'H,I(i4 ; amount estimated for further supplies of clothing and provis ions, and for medical stores, £30,002 . amount estimated on account of the' reinforcement from the 1st January to the JOth April, 1857, £37!),] GO; further expenses estimated to the 30th April 1&>7, £ 102.000 , estimated charge on account of European and native troopB for May and June, 18-57, £363,000 estimated charge on account of native troops ieft ln occupation of Persia, (or £Vii nnr?U8t' ia"* ?eP,ember' 1857, £304,000 ; paid to the Peninsula and I Oriental Company for coals supplied for the purpose of the expedition, £3,847 . total, £1,8G0,435." The estimate is stated by the Eaut India Company not to be based on very reliable data, the Government of India not having yet submitted any formal account of the expenditure- After the termination of bvXT'VV"011"1 w«'» l>c rendered by the Ett«t India Company, afier the settlement of which au estimate will be submitted to Parliament for the balance wtfooi'dinary cxncndihtrfl Hpitear: te 