DUMAS, THE LITERARY LEVIATHAN. Who has not heard of the great leviathan of literature — the St. Domingan Marquis de la Pailleterie, the Algerian lion-hunter, tho pro tector of Abd-el- Kader — who for nearly 20 years produced dramas, romances, histories, travels, at the rate of 40 volumes per annum, and whose career makes tho list complete by being in itself a most instructive sermon? Has he not, in his own amusing bavardage, told tho world of the number of amanu enses he worked out in the course of 24 hours — of the relays of couriers constantly employed spurring in hot haste with the manuscript pro ductions of his fertile brain from his country seat to the printing-offices of Paris ? Yet now, when the bubble has burst, when we know as an established and uncontradicted — simply be cause uncontradictable — fact that not one twentieth of the works bearing the words, ' par Alexandre Dumas ' on their title-pages were written by that individual ; and that the major part of even this small minority are without the s iglitest acknowledgment copied, to a greater or loss extent, 'from the works of' other authors, we are forced to infer, as Trinculo did of Caliban, that the great leviathan is but a very shallow monster after all. In an article which appeared some years ago in the Revue des Deux Mondes, M. Dumas relates how ho became a dramatic author. He was, he tells us, a clerk in the service of the Duke of Orleans, afterwards King Louis Philippe, at the humble salary of 1,200 francs a year, when on the occasion of an English theatrical company visiting Paris , ho first saw the plays of Shakspeare performed. Like a person who had been born blind — the simile is his own — and to whom, after arriving at the age of man hood, sight by some miracle had b?en given, Dumas at once found himself in a new world, of wliich he never previously had the slightest uea. as tue icauan peasant eaici wuen ne nrsc saw a picture : ' I, too, will be a painter,' so lid Dumas exclaim when he first saw Hamlet : 'I, too, will be a dramatic author.' His earlier essays, however, were unsuccessful ; but the occurrence of a great event soon opened up a pathway leading him to fame and fortune. The memorable three days of July, 1830, effected a dramatic as well as a political revolution. Excited by the sauguinary contest, and wearied to satiety with the heavy dramas of Corneille and Racine, patronised by the Bourbon dynastv, the Parisian audiences were ripe for a more stimulating style of theatrical represen tation. The hour had arrived, and tho man was not wanting. The ' Henry III.' of Dumas appearing about this period, carried Paris, as it were, by storm. The classical for malities of the old school succumbed at once to the rope ladders, poisoned goblets, stilettos, brigands and executioners of the new romantic drama, 'Christine;' and one or two other dramas of a similar romantic description, written by M. Dumas, followed in quick suc cession, were put upon the stage with a pomp and circumstance previously unknown, even in Paris, and were welcomed with rapturous ap plause by crowded audiences. As mere acting pieces, these plays are not devoid of a certain degree of merit. Gratifying the eye rather than the intellect, they display considerable inventive faculty, keen perception of contrast, and decided knowledge of theatrical effect; arresting the attention of the auditor by sur prise, and keeping his curiosity ever in suspense, without attempting to hold the mirror up to nature— ' To wake the soul by tender strokes of art, To raise the genius, or to mend the heart.' The Parisian audiences, however, were satisfied with the quality of the fare provided for their amusement, but not with its quantity. Their appetite increasing upon what it fed upon, they demanded more. The managers were eager to take advantage of the new flood that led so rapidly to fortune ; but the demand ex ceeded the supply. Consequently, Messrs. Anicet Bourgeois, Auguste Maquet, and others, were enlisted under the banners of the already famous Dumas, and scores of plays were thus produced, all bearing the name of the great chief. How the large sum of money paid for these dramas was divided among their authors is a secret of the atelier never yet revealed ; but it is known that Dumas had the lion's share of the cash, and all the honour. Indeed, one of the best of this crowd of dramas, ' Mademoiselle de Belle Isle,' M. Dumas transcribed in his own handwriting, and sent the precious autograph to Christina, Queen Dowager of Spain; and Her Most Catholic Majesty sent back, in return, the cordon of the Order of Isabella— an honour of which M. Dumas was most vain-gloriously proud. as his own writings amply testify; yet ' Mademoiselle de Belle Isle' was not written by M. Dumas' at all, but by one of his literary -retainers, a young Pole; then strug'-. gling for a precarious existence in the French metropolis, but now Count Walewski, the dis tinguished statesman of the present empire. But the worst has to be told. Few, if any, of the numerous dramas bearing the name of Dumas, whether written by himself or his as sistants, are original, the greater part of them being made up, more or less, from the works of other writers. As an instance, M. Dumas, probably in gratitude to Shakspeare for rescu ing him from dramatic blindness, produced his' own Hamlet, which is merely a mutilated trans lation of the original, with the questionable 'improvement' that the ghost, appearing in the last act, restores Hamlet to a long life and undisputed possession of the throne of Denmark. Numerous other wholesale plagiarisms of a similar description were not suffered to pass unnoticed, and it is but fair to M. Dumas that we should here give his very characteristic reply to such charges : — 'It is not any man,' he say, '^but mankind, that invents. Every one, in his appointed season, possessing him self of the things belonging to his fathers, turns them over, places them in new combinations, and thus, having added certain particles to the sum of human happiness, is peacefully gathered to bis sires.' After most profanely quoting that God made man in His own image, to prove the absolute impossibility of invention, M. Dumas thus continues : — ' This consideration it was that made Shakspeare reply to the reproach of a stupid critic, that he had taken more than one scene bodily from a contemporary author : ' It is a maiden whom I have withdrawn from bad to introduce into good company.' This it was that made Moliere say, with still more naivete: — 'I seize upon my own, wherever I find it.' And Shakpeare and Moliere were both right ; for the man of true genius never steals — he conquers. He seizes a province — he annexes it to his realms — it becomes an in trinsic part of his empire; he peoples it with his subjects, and extends over it his sceptre of gold. I find myself compelled to speak in this manner, because, far from receiving from other critics the applause I merit, they accuse me of plagiarism — they point me out as a thief. I have at least the reflection to console myself with, that my enemies, like those who attacked Shakspeare and Moliere, uro so obscure that memory will not preserve their names.' With all duo deference to M. Dumas, we are afraid that the anecdotes he cites of Shaks peare and Moliere militate against his nonin ventive theory, as they really appear to be proofs of at least his own powers of invention. We all know the old story of Alexander the Great and the robber — the plunderer of king doms was a hero ; the petty pilferer of a hen roost merely a thief. Surely, Alexandre Dumas, the hero of we do not know how many hundred volumes, must have bean thinking of his great namesake of Maccdon when he penned tho above lines. Spirit-rappers and mediums alone can inform us how the shades of Shakes peare, Moliere, Goethe, Schiller, Kotzebue, Lope de Vega, Calderon de la Barca, Walter Scott, and other departed celebrities, rejoice under tho conquering sceptre of Dumas. But we can readily fancy how wretched Jules Jamn, William Thackeray, Granier de Cassagnac, and other living authors, must feel at the idea of bsing known only to posterity as the petty assailants of the united Shakspeare and Moliere of the nineteenth century. It is, however, by his romances that M. Dumas is best known in England, either as an honest author, or, as he phrases it, a con queror. Tho popularity of the dramas issued in his name soon made him one of the noto rieties of Paris ; and the proprietors of the Parisian journals being as anxious to have his productions in their columns as the people were to read them, from a dramatic author HI. Dumas became a feuilletonist. To explain the terra, it is necessary to observe that many of the Parisian journals have a supplement to their sheet, carried on from page to page, and separated by a black line from the political and miscellaneous matter, containing a few chap ters of a romance, written by the most popular writer the editor can procure. Most of the ro mances bearing the name of Dumas were first published in this manner ; and we may add, that it is a very remunerative mode for the author, as the proprietor of the journal pays liberally for what the majority of his subscribers consider the most interesting part of his paper, and the author has the addi tional advantage of gaining by the separate publication of his work, in the book-form, after its completion in the feuilletons. The first romances of M. Dumas, published in feuilletons were 'La Salle d'Armes,' ' La Rose Rouge,' ' Isabel de Bavaire,' and ' Le Capitaine Paul.' ' La Salle d'Armes' is original ; so is ' La Rose Rouge,' and a charming little tale to boot ; but M. Duinas had previously published it in the book-form under the' title of ' Blanche de Beaulieu.' ' Isabel de Bavaire ' is partly taken from a forgotten story of the same name published by Amoult in 1821 ; and ' Le Capitaine Paul' is a veritable conquest and annexation of Cooper's 'Pilot' — Dumas coolly taking up tho thread of the American novelist's story, and, wherever he can find room, stringing on to it the false sentiments and flimsy incidents of his own invention. Alexander the Great conquered the land, but the modern Alexandre extended his dominion over the deep. In 1810, M. Durua3 published ' Vie et Aventures de John Davys.' This is an English nautical story, and in our opinion, formed a remarkable conquest. Few English landsmen, if any, could write a nautical story ship- shape enough to pass muster among seafaring men. Leaving Defoe out of the question, the be3t attempts of this description — ' Tho Cruise of the Midge,' &c.; — were written by a clever compositor, who had had some little experience in a Leith smack ; but when weighed in tho nau tical balance, these works were found sadly ?wanting. What are we to think, then, of a French landsman correctly depicting the feel ings, habits, and nautical skill of an English sailor — describing the etiquette of an English ship-of-war, from the captain in his regal state, on the sacred weather-side of the quarter-deck, down to tho lubberly loblolly-boy crawling in the lee-scuppers — detailing what is technically termed the ship's duty, from tho time the hands are turned out by the shrill whistle of the boatswain in the early morning till the hammocks are piped down at seven bells ! It really is astonishing. The battle, storm, and wreck are also ably and nautically depicted. But, as worthy Dr. Primrose said to that in genious rogue, Mr. Jenkins, have we not heard all this before? Is not this battle-piece in 'Peter Simple, this storm in 'Newton Forster ?' Oh, we see it now — if Dumas has merely been conquering Captain Marryat ; another province, the wide ocean itself, has fallen to his golden, or rather gold-creating sceptre. The public demand for the romances of M, Dumas soon equalled the run upon his dramas, and was met in a similar manner. A number of assistants were employed ; and it is an in disputable fact that by these assistants were written tho very best of the romances which were given to the world as the works of Alex andre Dumas. Among many others wo may allude only to 'Georges,' written by M. Mallefille ; ' Fernande,' by M. Auger ; ' Uue Fxlle de Regent,' by M. Coualhaic : and ' Syl vandire,' by M. Maquet. These works, how ever, were but little known out of France ; it was ' Les Trois Mousquetaires' and ' Monte Christo' that gave Dumas a world-wide repu tation, though he actually did not write a line of either of them. The ' Three Musketeers' — we use its English title, for it is well known by translations both in England, and America — was written by M. Maquet. We place the word written in italics, for the work is one of the very grossest of plagiarisms. Previous to the historical romance coming into vogue, what may be termed romantic biographies were written, in which the lives of real historical 'characters were treated in a romantic manner. One Gatien de Courtiltz, a writer of romantic bio graphies in the early part of the last century, hit upon the very excellent subject of the life of M. d'Artagnan, from his departure when a poor lad from Bearn, his native place, to his high elevation at the French Court as captain of the Royal Musketeers, and prime favourite of Cardinal Mazarin, and to his glorious death in the trenches at the siege of Maestricht. Ac cordingly, in 1701, Courtiltz published his Memoires de M. d'Artagnan — a romance, be it remembered, founded on a real life— and in troduced into the work the fictitious characters Athos, Porthos, and Aramis, their intrigues, duels, amours, drinking bouts, and gambling matches, since so well known to the readers of the ' Three Musketeers.' In fact, Maquet did not task his invention for a single incident ; he did not even alter the names of the leading cha- racters ; he merely modernized the style of part of the original Meraoires. But as the work of Courtiltz is not very rare — we have met with it on London bookstalls — Maquet, to put his readers on a fake scent, alludes in his preface to the Memoires, but in a light, careless manner, as if merely incidental to a more elaborate reference he makes to a certain manuscript , life of a Count de la Fere, which he 'discovered' in the Royal Library at Paris. This manuscript has been sought for, but in vain. It never had an existence, save in the too-cunning mind's eye of M. Maquet Probably M. Dumas him self was imposed upon with respect to the origi ality of the ' Three Musketeers,' for he never saw the work until it was printed. It appears, that when M. Maquet was 'making' it,' he one evening supped with some brother littera- teurs, and the conversation turning upon the book-manufactory of M. Dumas, a friend asked M. Maquet why he did not write in his own name. ' The reply was — ' Monsieur Dumas pays me more for my writings than tho publishers would.' 'But,' said another, 'Monsieur Dumas always re-writes, or at least corrects, the works written by others, which ho issues as his own.' ' Not at all,' said Maquet ; ' and as a proof he does not, I will introduce into tne manu script of the work I am at present engaged upori tho most awkward paragraph in the French language. I will repeat the word' que sixteen times in five lines, and will 'bet you a dozen of champagne that the whole sixteen will be found in the printed work.' The bet was taken, and M. Maquet won it. The sixteen repetitions of que are still extant in five lines of ' Les Trois Mousquetaires.' Another laughable proof that M. Dumas did not read some of the works be issued as his own before they were printed is found in 'Amaury,' written by M. Meurice. When 'Amaury' was written, Meurice was a new recruit in the noble army of authors headed by Dumas. Wishing privately to flatter the great chief, and never for a moment supposing that he would not read over and expunge the words from the manuscript, Meurice, in the work; boldly called upon the French Academy to open its doors to tho immortal genius of Dumas. As Dumas did not read the manu script, the words were not expunged ; so, when 'Amaury' came out, all Paris was in laughter to find M. Dumas in his own work calling on the Academy to open its doors to his own im- mortal genius. To return to the 'Musketeers.' The memoirs of D'Artagnan were a rich mine for the firm of Dumas & Co. By carefully spreading out the smallest possible quantity of typo over the greatest possible extent of paper. ' Les Trois Mousquetaires ' was stretched out to eight octavo volumes; then followed its sequel, 'Vingt Aus Apres,' written by Maquet, in 10 volumes ; thcu as a squel to tho sequel, 'LeViscont do Bragelonne,' also by Maquet, in six volumes — all drawn from the same prolific source. Thus the three duode cimo volumes of the original memoirs were transmuted into 2-1 octavo volumes by a wave of the golden sceptre of the great Duinas ! We now come to ' The Count of Monte Christo,' published iu eighteen octavo volumes. The first part of this popular work was written by a M. Fiorentino, the second part by M. Maquet ; yet neither is perfectly ori ginal. The story of Morel is taken from a novel by Arnould, entitled, ' La Roue de la Fortune ;' and two of the horrible tragediee in the second part are merely copied from th. published archives of the Parisian police Some French critics assert, on apparently very sufficient evidence, that tho leading plot of ' Monte Christo,' the imprisonment and escape of Dantes, his accidentally becoming possessed of immense wealth; and unscrupu lously using it to wreak a terrible vengeance on his persecutors, may be found in an old and obscure German romance. However this may be, whether conquered at first or second hand, ' Monte Christo' was not written by Dumas. It must not be supposed that M. Dumas confined his conquests to romances alone. In 1839 he published a translation of Ugo Fos colo's ' Jacopo Ortis.' This work requires a word or two for itself, as it has never been translated into English — an honour, by the way, of which it is utterly undeserving. Ortis, a poor copy of a bad model, is merely an Italian Werter, who, mingling a passionate love for a Venetian lady with an ardent zeal for the liberties of his native land, is so bewil dered by the twofold emotions of love and patriotism that he takes refuge in suicide. This work was strictly proscribed by the First Napoleon; but, in spite of severe penalties, and the strenuous exertions of the police, four inferior translations of it were from time to time circulated among the ultra-republican party in France. In 1829, however, when all the political interest of the letters had evapo rated, an excellent translation of ' Ortis' was made by M. Gosso in, and openly published at Paris. Ten years later, the translation of Dumas appeared in rather a curious form, for there was nothing on the title-page to indicate that tho work was a translation ; nor was the name of tho author, Foscolo, mentioned, tho title-page being simply 'Jacques Ortis, par Alexandra Dumas.' This simplicity of tho title is explained in tho preface, written, or at least signed, by M. Fiorentino, who asserts that 'only one man in Franco could understand and translate ' Ortis.' ' Of course that man is Dumas, ' who,' to quote the preface again, ' has place himself on a level with Foscolo ; and, in all justice, ' Ortis ' belongs to Dumas : it is at once his conquest and his heritage.' Now, this outrageous puff, though undesignedly so, is actually the bitterest of irony ; for this conquest nud heritage, by the only man in France capable of translating and understand ing the original, is stolen almost word for word from, the translation by Gosselin, Tho theft has been fully exposed by M. Querard, in his 'Supercheries Litteraires,' by placing parts of Gosselin's translation side by side with the same portions from Dumas. It would bo unfair if we did not admib that some of tho romances actually written by M. Dumas possess, like his dramas, a certain de gree of merit. His sketches are vivid, but more remarkable for effect than probability, and his combinations ever display more taste than originality of conception. He groups artis tically, but allows coarse contrasts of light and shade ; while all through his writings can bs observed a greater hastiness of execution than accuracy of detail. Any work bearing his name that exhibits evidence of research, investiga tion, or retlection, may ba safely set down as not written by him. One would suppose such a wri'.er unfitted to shine as a historian ; but his friends assert that in that reaject ho is fully equal to Chateaubriand andToierry; and curiously enough, his assailants are forced to concur in tho same opinion. This seeming anomaly can easily be explained. In ' Gaulo et France,' written by Dumas, there aro just 400 pages taken wholesale from the 'Etudes Historiques' of Chateaubriand and the ' Lettres sur l'Histoire de Franca' of Thierry ! It is to be hoped that M. Dumas is not so ungrateful as Donatus, the saintly plagiarist of yore, who us?d to exclaim : ' Let them be excommuni cated and accursed who have written our good things before us.' A detailed notice of the numerous works written and otherwise manufactured by and for M. Dumas would require a volume. No field of literature did he leave unfilled ; and truly his harvests were abundant. Lawsuits that would have ruined any other man served merely as advertisements to keep this Barnum of literature before tho public. One of these lawsuits, being rather characteristic of French ideas, is worthy of more particular notice. In "La Dame de Monsoreau,' one of the Dumas romances, really written by him self, he depicted Francois d'Espinay, a courtier in the reign of Honry III., in no flattering colours ; and the Marquis d'Espinay, a descendant of the above named Frangois, actually, in the nineteenth century, brougat an action against the romancist for defaming the' character of an ancestor who lived in the six teenth ! Fortunately for Dumas, his view of the courtier's oharacter was supported by his tory, and, consequently, he gained the suit. The Chateau of Monte Christo, of which an account lately appeared in this journal, was another advertisement — a gigantic puff direct ; so were tho lion-killing feats in Algeria, the visit to the brigands of tho Sierra Morena, and the host of other wonderful adventures bo un like any that other persons had ever met with, and in all of which, every person and circum stance combined for the one purpose only of glorifying, and doing honour to the immortal genius ot Dumas. All this prolonged fanfare of egotistical braggadocio has, by those who were before the curtain, been ascribed to inor dinate 'vanity; while those behind the scenes knew it to' be merely an exercise of what an old book terms the pleasant art; of money catching. Is Professor Drugaway vain of his pills, think ye? We opine not. He puffs them, and they pay him well for the puffing. So did the' books issued by M. Dumas. Their sale was immense,their number was legion, and their prices were high. To purchase a com plete set; of. his works would, in 1848, have raquiredupwards of £68 sterling ! For a long period squib, satire, and criticism fell harmless against the 'brazen walls of the great empire of literary humbug erected by M. Dumas. Nothing less than a revolution could overthrow it, and at last a revolution did. 'M. Dumas no longer resides in the Chateau of Monte Christo, but as the Napoleon of litera ture, it is said he terms his present Belgian re sidence St. Helena. Space has permitted us to notice only a few of the more striking points of this remarkable chapter in the history of literary deception. As our authorities, and a clue to those who may wish to learn more, we refer the reader to the work of M, Querard, already quoted, to the 'Fabriquede Romans,' 'Maison A. Dumas efc Compagnie,'? of 'Eugene de Mirecourt,' aud to ' Alexandre Dumas Derpile,' said to he written by M. Oassflgaac. 