OUR PERSIAN EXTRAVAGANCE. From the Examiner, 14ft February.) THE object of the motion of which the Earl of Albemarle has given notice, for an account of the sum total of expenses or all kinds incurred in our diplomatic missions to the court of Persia, from the year 1799 to 1814, is to raise the question whether our diplomatic relations with that court, now temporarily suspended, should not be discontinued permanently. His lordship does good service is the public in rais- ing this discussion. We defy any rational being to point out any one advantage which has ever accrued to us from our costly legation at the court of Teheran. For our own part, we are satisfied that our Persian missions have produced only strife and mischief. We count them among the worst of our many diplomatic nuisances and we proceed to give the reasons that have led us to this conclusion. For full half a century, we went on making Indian conquests, and consolidating our acquisitions, and no one ever dreamt of danger to our dominion from Persians or Afghans, French or Russians, invading India by land. We had met on the very field of India itself the most powerful of our European rivals, and overpowered and expelled them. Seaward we were protected by our fleets, and by land every one thought impassable mountains and deserts a sufficient bulwark against any enemy, Asiatic or European. But all this was changed on the advent of the Marquis of Wellesley in 1798. His restless personal ambition wanted work, and he made it Danger to India from French invasion was the pretext, for his lordship had on him an inveterate anti-Gallican mono- mania. Within fourteen months of his arrival he attacked and subdued Tippoo. This prince had sent a paltry mission to the paltry French colony of the Mauritius, and as at this time General Bonaparte had landed a French army in Egypt, and might by some mysterious means or another find his way to India, it was indispensable that the Sultan of Mysore should be overthrown, and he was so. The project of the great Napoleon of invading and conquering Hindustan, worthy of an epic poet, but not of a statesman, was arrested by a petty fortress on the coast of the Mediterranean, with the help of an English frigate, and this before he had made the first stage of his march of 2500 miles ! The fears and ambition of the bustling Governor General were next turned to the Afghans, and armies were assembled on our then frontier, to encounter an imaginary danger to our empire from that ever-divided and ever-anarchical people. The able author of the history of the Afghan war justly calls the threatened invasion of the Afghans at this time an old bugbear," The prince who made a show of intending this in road was dethroned, and had his eyes put out by his own brother, and so the nervous Lord Wellesley was relieved from the fears of Afghan invasion. The noble Governor-General next directed his ambition to an alliance with Persia, a country with which he had held no diplomatic relations since the days of King James the First, and yet went on very well without them. This was in 1799, and the necessity alleged was the same French invasion of India by way of Egypt, which St. John of Acre and Sir Sydney Smith had stopped before it had even set out on its march. In 1808 a permanent legation was for the first time established in Persia, the same which still subsists, and the spring of diplomatic " woes unnumbered." The object in this case was to counteract the very poetical project of the First Consul of the French Republic to invade and conquer India, and this time not through Egypt, but Persia. This legation has now existed for the long period of near half a century, and we may safely defy any human being to point out a single benefit which England or India ever derived from it, while the evils of which it has been prolific have been flagrant and manifold. Its very beginning was ominous of mischief. The Crown sent its envoy from England, and the Lieutenant of the East-India Company must needs send his at the very same moment from India, and the two great men meeting in Persia, they squabbled most indecently, almost under the very heard of the king of kings. Down to the year 1844, all our fears of Indian invasion were directed to France, but as this chimera could no longer be indulged in, we conjured a new one un- heard of before a Russian invasion. In order to lay this political ghost, we made a most indiscreet treaty with Persia, in which we covenanted that, in the event of that kingdom being attacked by a European power (Russia being meant although not named), such power, and not Persia, being the aggressor, we should furnish our ally either with an army for his defence, or, in lieu of it, with warlike stores, and a yearly contribution in money of £100,000. In twelve years' time the noble patrons of the treaty came into operation, by the fact of Russia sensing a Persian province, which led to a war disastrous to Persia. Pleading some ugly subterfuge, we violated the inconvenient and indiscreet convention, for we furnished neither army, munitions, nor money. The enraged King threatened to put our envoy to death for the bad faith of his masters, but our diplomatist had the good fortune to escape with his head on his shoulders. In virtue of the contract the King of Persia now claims a debt of £300,000. The quarrel, however, was patched up, and now discredited legation was restored. That legation, in 1838 - sounded the false tocsin of "Herat in danger," "Herat the key of India," and this led to the Afghan war, with all its disgraces, horrors, and disasters. War was, of course, declared against Persia, and our envoy left the country in dudgeon, all on account of the imaginary key, although 700 miles distant from the lock it was to open. And now once more we are at war with Persia, caused by the same legation, the grounds being "the chimerical key," a naughty woman, and her antlered husband, both of them natural-born subjects of Persia, the British Legation on their behalf having been converted into a sanctuary for the disaffected, as churches were for criminals in the dark ages. Let us take a glance at the pecuniary costs of our Persian diplomacy, as far as they are ascertainable. Our first missions from India to Persia were on a most extravagant footing, but of the cost of these, and of various considerable sums paid to Persia from - time to time, we have no account. Most of the charges of the Persian Legation are paid from the Indian revenues, and these amount yearly to the net sum" of £12,000. England pays only the diplomatic pensions, and these on on average amount to about £3000 v a year. These disbursements seem to have been going on for about fifty years, and of course have amounted '' in all to three quarters of a million sterling. To the Persian legation must be charged the whole cost of the Afghan war, for assuredly without its active instiga- tion, that disastrous conflict would never have taken place. That war is admitted to have cost a round sum of £16,000,000 just exactly the amount of our present income tax. He is a sanguine speculator that will estimate the cost of our present contest at less than from three to four millions, and taking it only at this amount, our Persian diplomacy within the last. sixty years, will have cost us a round sum of twenty millions. Once more, we ask, what service has our diplomacy rendered in return for such a monstrous waste of public money ? Did it avert French invasion through Egypt or through Persia ? Such invasion will now be readily admitted to have been nothing better than a dream of the disordered brain of diplomacy. Did it avert the , encroachments of Russia upon Persia ? Not a bit of " it. On the contrary, eighteen years after our legation" had been established at the Persian court, the Russians . defeated Persian armies organised by British officers, wrested whole provinces from the Persians, and acquired additional influence in the Persian councils, in the very teeth of our mission, which was itself pro- portionately depreciated. The Russians are a power of Central Asia, and their territories are conterminous with those of the Persians. A legation at the Persian court is therefore with them natural and necessary, and they ensure respect to it by the neighbourhood of their armies. Our position is wholly different. We are not a Central Asiatic power, for we have no Indian territory nearer the Persian frontier than 700 miles, or ~ nearer the seat of the Persian government than 1400\. At Teheran our legation is 3000 miles from London, the seat of metro- > politan, and equally distant from Calcutta, the > feat of provincial government. It is planted among a > barbarous people, ignorant of the European law of ' nations; it is isolated, unsupported, impotent for good, but potent for mischief. The present is a fair opportunity for its withdrawal. We are in virtual possession of the whole maritime coast of Persia, obtained at comparatively small cost. Let it be held until satisfactory explanations be given, and after '? those explanations let our legation be abandoned.' Our apprehension of a Russian invasion of India is I now admitted by every politician of sense and experience to be a pure phantom of the imagination. The abandonment of our Persian legation would demonstrate that our Indian power has a stability which requires no factitious props for its support, while the continuance of the establishment gives our real strength the aspect of feebleness. We see that the cost of the present war with Penis is estimated at £1,500,000. But this is only the English portion of the burden. Add an equal sum for the share of the Indian Government, and the total will be £3,000,000, which just agrees with our conjecture in the above remarks. EMIGRATION TO Noam AMBIWCA.-In consequence of the heartless frauds systematically perpetrated upon parties going to America, arrangements have been entered into with the Grand Trunk Railway Company, of Canada, for booking passengers from the principal - ports in Europe, to Canada and the leading cities of the United States. By means of those arrangements a passenger or emigrant is enabled to ascertain the ' actual expense, before starting, of his pa stage by ship and railway from Europe, to his' destination in North America. He will thus not only be protected from the extortion of persons on landing, but will be under the care of the company's agents until conveyed to the end of his journey. It appears the company have ,' agents at Liverpool, Hull, Aberdeen, Glasgow, Dublin, Belfast, Cork, Galway, Havre, Antwerp, Rotterdam, Bremen, and Hamburg for booking passengers, the chief office being in London. From those places passengers can be booked through via Boston, Portland, I or Quebec, to any place in Canada or the United States, - having a continuous railway communication to it. Passengers can be conveyed either by the first, second, or third class, to at least 96 railway stations in North America. The Grand Trunk consists of 358 miles of railway, which are open for traffic to Portland, Quebec, Montreal, Toronto, and Stratford and the arrange- merits made by the company with railway companies in Canada and the United States, enable them to book I passengers of all classes through to their destination at the lowest current rates of fare, and also to forward them with extra despatch. The several companies forming the route run their regular trains in connextion with those of the Grand Trunk Company, and will, when there are a sufficient number of passengers to render it necessary, put on a special train. Passengers holding through tickets will be enabled to proceed on their journey immediately after landing, either at Boston, Portland, or Quebec, and will have their luggage removed from the ship to the railway free of charge. They will thus avoid impositions and frauds being practised upon them by pretended agents for various routes, and have the advantage of receiving reliable information from the company's agents at the various places. The printed list of through booking fares to the various places shows the amount in English and American money. It is believed that the arrangements just completed by the Grand Trunk of Canada Company will afford great facilities to emigrants and save them considerable expense. An emigrant or passenger can obtain from the agent at the ports mentioned, or the head-office, a ticket in which will be included the passage money across the Atlantic and the railway fare to his destination. One half of the ticket will be given up to the captain or purser of the ship before islands, and on presenting the other to the passenger and emigration agent of the company at Boston, Portland, or Quebec, who will be on the spot, it will be exchanged for a railway ticket which will pass him to his destination. An effective and simple plan is adopted to enable the agents in the Canadian ports to know what passengers they may expect. The agent at either of the different European ports, on the sailing of the vessel in which he has booked passengers advises the central office of the Company in London of the names of the passengers who have through tickets, their class, and the destination of each person. These being registered in the London office the particulars are forwarded by the weekly steamer to the agent at the port for which the ship sails, so that he will have ample time to prepare for their reception. On the arrival of the passengers, refreshment rooms suited to the wants of each class are provided. The rate fixed for the running of emigrant trains is 20 miles per hour, including stoppages of an hour for refreshment at the end of every 100 or 120 miles. PUBLIC PETITIONS. A return moved for by the late Mr. Brotherton, M.P,, and ordered last July, shows that between 1785 and 1788-9 880 petitions were presented to the House of Commons ; between 1861 and 1866, 1028 ; between 1891 and 1814-15, 4498 and between 1828 and 1832,23,283. In the last quinquennial period 10,605 petitions were printed at a cost of £5813. The number of petitions presented between 1835 and 1837 was 37,183, and the number printed 8361 ; between 1837 and 1842, 70.072, whereof 4837 were printed ; between 1843 and 1847, 81,985, whereof 4453 were printed; and between 1847-48 and 1852, 62,248, whereof 6963 were printed. The number of signatures in each of the above quinquennial period was respectively, 12,118,213, 23,456,909, 17,275,081, and 12,062,632. 971 reports were made by the Select Committee on Petitions. In the five years ended in 1866 there were 51,093 petitions presented (13,867 last year), and 6778 printed. The number of signatures to these petitions was 8,439,667, and the number of reports made by the select committee 315. The amount paid for printing and folding reports, appendices, and indices to reports on public petitions, from 1838 to 1852, inclusive, was £23,881, the average varying from £1060 to £1463 a-year. The more frequent reports of the committee, to meet the wishes of hon. members, increase the expense. In the five years ending 1855 £6691 was paid for printing and folding reports, appendices, and indices to reports on public petitions, including £1340 in the session of 1856. Between 1852-3 and 1866 the total expense of printing and folding amounted to £5883 and the expanse of paper to £1876 ; making a grand total of £7760. There is a) great increase in the price of paper 