THE NEWTOWN EJECTMENT CASE SUPREME COURT OF NEW SOUTH WALES. DOE ON THE SEVERAL DEMISES OF EDWARD DEVINE AND JOHN DEVINE VERSUS FELIX WILSON, JOHN BLACK- MAN, RALPH MAYER ROBEY, JOHN DONOHOE, JOHN WALKER, MARY HINDMARSH, KEZIA IREDALE, WILLIAM INNES, RALPH MANSFIELD, GEORGE WHITE, WILLIAM MACPHERSON, JOHN McGARVIE, JAMES HOLT, JANE MALCOLM, JOSEPH SLY, JAMES LENDON, JEREMIAH EVANS, HENRY KNIGHT, SAMUEL WALTERS, ROBERT HENDERSON, ROBERT JOHNSON, WILLIAM THURLOW, CAMPBELL LEVERTON MACDONALD, CHARLES SUTHERLAND, WILLIAM A'BECKETT, GEORGE DENT, JOSHUA FREY JOSEPHSON, MOSES JOSEPH, EDWARD DRUITT AND WILLIAM BUCKNELL. The trial of this cause before Mr. Justice Dickinson and a special jury of twelve (hereafter-named), con- cluded on Saturday, having occupied thirty days. The litigation in ths suit has already lasted nearly nine years. There have now been two trials of the issue by special juries and, intermediately, a new trial motion and an appeal to the Privy Council, besides very many interlocutory applications and proceedings. There will probably be another new trial motion, and another appeal to London, ere the case is finally settled. At present the defendants are the successful parties. During this interval, many of the properties held by the defendants on the record, have passed into other hands ; one of the lady defendants (Mrs. Ire- dale) has changed her name and another defendant (Mr. Dent) has compromised. The record, however, remains the same. The declaration was filed on the 3rd of October, 1848, and was in the supremely ab- surd old form used in those days, conveying no real in- formation as the lands actually claimed. Although John Doe and Richard Roe have long since been got rid of, with some of the equally obscure and useless technicalities of British law, the ghost of the aforesaid John is still seen as the plaintiff in this action. The land sought to be recovered was described in the filed particulars as "210 acres of land, more or less, lying and situated at New Town [Newtown], in the parish of Peter- sham, in the county of Cumberland, in the colony of New South Wales, bounded on the east by a line bear- ing southerly (commencing at a point on the south side of a broad road), two hundred feet wide, distant about three chains southerly from the north-west corner of a grant of fifty- seven acres to James Chisholm, and from the south-west corner of a grant of fifty-two acres to William Hutchinson, dividing the land described from Chisholm's said fifty-seven acre grant, and a thirty acre grant to John King on the south east by a line bearing south-westerly, dividing it from the Waterloo Estate (Hutchinson's original grant of one thousand four hun- dred acres), to a grant of thirty acres to S. Burt, on the south, by a line bearing westerly, dividing it from Burt's' thirty acre grant to the Newtown and Cook's River Road, on the west by the Newtown and Cook's River Road, dividing it from Field's, Candell's, and Jenkins' grants, and extending along the same to a point opposite the north- east corner of W. Jenkins' grant aforesaid ; then again on the south by a road dividing the land described from said W. Jenkins' grant aforesaid, then on the west by the said road dividing it from P. Page's thirty acre grant, and ex- tending along the same to the Enmore Road, then on the north by the said Enmore Road, dividing it from Rowley's grant to the junction of the Enmore and Cook's River Road, then again, on the north by the broad road before mentioned, bearing north-easterly and extending along the same to the commencing point aforesaid." The "demise" of Edward Devine was abandoned almost at the outset (?), and that of John Devine alone was maintained. He claimed as the grand nephew of one Nicholas Divine, the original holder of this pro- perty, and one of the earliest colonists. Nicholas Divine died in May, 1830, but whether at the time of his death he was legally "seized" of this property was of course, the main question in dispute. The land was held by Nicholas Divine under two grants, which, as they are somewhat curious docu- ments, we give entire. No. 1. GRANT OF 110 ACRES By his Honor Francis Grose, Esq., Lieutenant-Governor is and over his Majesty's territory of New South Wales and its de- pendencies &c.;, &c.; Whereas full power and authority for granting lands to the territory of New South Wales to such persons as may be desirous of becoming settlers therein is vested in his.Majesty's Captain- General and Governor-in-Chief (or, in his absence, the Lieu- tenant-Governor for the time being) in and over the said territory and its dependencies by his Majesty's instructions, under the Royal Sign Manual, bearing date respectively the twenty-fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and the twentieth day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty- nine. In pursuance of the power and authority vosted in me as afore- said, I do by these presents give and grant unto Nicholas Divine, his heirs and assigns, to have and to hold for ever, one hundred and twenty acres of land, to be known by the name of Burrin Farm, laying and situated in the district of Bulanaming, and separated on the north side by a road of 200 feet in width from the land allotted for the maintenance of a schoolmaster without the town of Sydney ; the said one hundred and twenty acres of land to be had and held by him the said Nicholas Divine, his heirs and assigns, free from all fees, taxes, quit rents, and other acknowledgments for the space of five years from the date of these presents, provided that the said Nicholas Divine, his heirs or assigns shall reside within the same and proceed to the improvement and cultivation thereof, (such timber as may be growing and to grow hereafter upon the said land which may be deemed fit for naval purposes, to be re- served for the use of (the Crown), and paying annual quit rent of one shilling for every fifty acres affer the expiration of the term or time of five years before mentioned. In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and the seal of the territory, at Sydney in the territory New South Wales, this eighth day of January in the year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four. (Signed) FRANCIS GROSE. (Seal). Signed and sealed in our presence. (Signed) J. FOVEAUX (Signed) MATTHEW GIBBONS. (Signed) J. SHAW By command of the Lieutenant-Governor. (Signed) DAVID COLLINS, Secretary to the Govenor \-------- N. 2 GRANT OF 90 ACRES No. 8 (?). By his Excellency John Hunter Esq., Captain General and Go- venor-in-Chief in and over his His Majesty's Territory of New South Wales and its Dependencies, &c.;, &c; Whereas full power and authority for granting lands in the ter- ritory of New South Wales to such persons as may be desirous of becoming settlers therein is vested in His Majesty's Captain General and Governor-in-Chief in and over the said territory and its dependencies by His Majesty's instructions under the Royal Sign Manual bearing date respectively the twenty-fifth day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and the twentieth day of August One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine In pursuance of the power and authority vested in me as afore- said, I do by these presents give and grant unto Mr. Nicholas Di- vine, his heirs and assigns, to have and to hold, for ever ninety acres of land lying and situated in the district of Bulanaming bounded on the south-west side by Page, Candells, Jenkins, and Field Farms, from which it is separated by a road of sixty feet, and on the south side by an allotment granted unto Samuel Burt. The said, ninety acres of land to be known by the name of Burran, and to be had and held by the said Mr. Nicholas Divine, his heirs and assigns free from all fees, taxes, quit-rents and other acknowledgments whatever for the apace of five years from the date thereof (such timber as may be growing or may grow hereafter upon the said land, which may be deemed fit for naval purpose, to be reserved for the use of the Crown), and pay- ing an annual quit rent of two shillings after the term or time of five years beforementioned. In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and the seal of the territory, at Government House, Sydney, in New South Wales, this eighth day of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. (Signed) JNO HUNTER. Signed and sealed in our presence (Signed) MATHEW FLINDERS. (Signed) JAMES WILLIAMSON. Registered in the Secretarys Office. It may be remarked here that although of the same family the ancestor spelled his name Divine, and the present claimant Devine. The distinction is not very material, but it has been of course preserved here. The defendants all claimed under Nicholas Divine also. Their case was that he had, during his lifetime \- on the 22nd of October, 1827 - conveyed the whole of the lands comprised within these two grants to one Bernard Rochford, by indenture of lease and release. The consideration stated in these instruments was faithful services by Rochford to Divine, divers sums of money expended by the former on account of the latter, and a sum of £850 paid by Rochford on the ex- ecution of the conveyance. These deeds bore or pur- ported to bear the signature of Divine himself, as well as of Rochford, and of '"Patk. Francis Egan, Hugh Murray, and Thomas Maher alias Dunn," as attesting witnessess. The property had come into the possession of the present defendants in various ways, and for valuable consideration, but the only question in this case was whether or not the title of Rochford, through whom they claimed was sustainable. In its present highly improved state the property was worth an enormous sum. Its value had been estimated on the part of the plaintiff at £400,000, and on that of the defendants at £100,000. In all probability its value is between the two ; perhaps about a quarter of a million. But at the date of this disputed conveyance to Rochford, when the colony was young and the land unimproved, its value was very small.There was no dispute as to the sufficiency of consideration in Rochford's deed, pro- vided that the deed itself was genuine. But the plaintiff's case was that this deed was FORGED. Thus, in fact, - forgery or no forgery - was the real point at issue in this suit. Various documents, bearing or purporting to bear the signature of Divine, were placed in evidence to prove by comparison of these signatures, the genuine- ness of the lease and release. On the part of the plaintiff, however (and by the plainiff is meant, of course, not John Doe, but John Devine), the whole of these signatures were said to be forgeries. Most of them were to recipts for a pension which old Divine had, and ranged over a period of several years. Con- sequently, Rochford was charged with a long series of forgeries, committed for the purpose of securing to himself everything in the shape of property and money which Divine possessed or was entitled to. During the latter years of his life Divine continued to reside under the care of Rochford and his wife, and one of the points in contest was as to how they used him. 'This was collaterally material, as showing the probability or improbability of the transfer by Divine to Rochford, for faithful services &c.;, and for the purpose of securing comfort in his last years. Divine was of very great age being, it was stated, no less than 104 when he died, in 1830. And about eight years before this he had been robbed and ill-used by bushrangers. According to the plaintiff, he never recovered from the effects of this usage, and for many years before his death was completely imbecile - prostrate in mind and helpless in body- incapable, therefore, both mentally and manually, of making a transfer of his property by deed. According to the defendants, he so far reco- vered from the effects of the bushrangers' cruelty as to possess his full mental faculties, weakened somewhat perhaps by extreme age, but still sufficiently vigorous to render perfectly capable of disposing of his property in any way that he thought fit. Bodily, they ad- mitted, he was very infirm, but not more so than was natural to a man of his years, and by no means so ut- terly helpless as was asserted on the other side. Part of the same transaction in October, 1827, re- garded on one side as evidence of bona fides, and on the other as concocted evidence on the part of Rochford to support his great scheme of fraud - were three other instruments, of bill of sale, for nominal consideration, of Divine's personal property, and a lease for life and counterpart from Rochford to Divine both of the lands and chattels. The chattel property thus conveyed on the one hand, and leased on the other, was described as "fifteen cows, two working bullocks, one bull, one mare, one foal, one horse, three tables, eighteen chairs, beds, bedsteads and bedding, ploughs, harrow, hoes, axes, &c.;" The attesting witnesses to these in- struments were the same as to the lease and release. The status and means of Rochford was strongly con- tested and discussed during the trial ,but there was evidence -- 1. That he was really the assigned servant of Divine at the time in question, although his out- ward appearance and position at the farm were not in- dicative of such a stutus. 2. That in those days the ' statutory disabilities which would prevent persons of this class from acquiring property were not rigidly enforced. The probability or improbability that Divine would, under these circumstances, denude himself of all but a life tenure of his property, real and per- sonal, for the purpose of securing care and attention in his very advanced age, were matters for argument and consideration. It may be as well to insert here another document as to which, as will be seen, there was a great deal of evidence and argument during the trial. This is the will or supposed will of Divine - declared by one of the attesting witnesses to be a forgery, and by another to be genuine. In the name of God, Amen. I Nicholas Divine, settler, of Byrne's farm, in the territory of New South Wales, being of sound mind, memory and understanding, but knowing the cer- tainty of death and the uncertainty of the time thereof, do make, constitute, publish and declare this to be and contain my last Will and Testament, in manner and form following (that is to say) : That after all my just debts, funeral and testamentary expenses, are fully paid and satisfied by my beloved friend and executor Bernard Rochford, who now holds a deed of gift or assignment by my act and deed which is never to be revoked or disannulled, I will and bequeath unto Mary Ann Rochford, beloved wife of Bernard Rochford, the sum of One hundred pounds, which is lawfully due to me by the late George Crossley, and do hereby request that the executor of the said George Crossley do comply with this my last will and testament, on account of her the said Mary Anne Rochford's unremitting attention to me ; and I further direst, nominate, constitute, and appoint my beloved friend Bernard Rochford my sole executor to this my last will and testament, to see the same fully paid to his beloved beloved wife Mary Anne Rochford, hereby re- voking, disannulling, and making void all former wills by me at any time made, save and except that deed of gift made and be- queathed to my executor and beloved friend Bernard Rochford. I further request of my beloved friend Bernard Rochford, in the event of his surviving me, to cause me to be interred with my dear and beloved wife in the Roman Catholic burying ground. In witness whereof, I have hereunto affixed my hand and seal this eighth day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty. N. DIVINE. (Seal) Signed, sealed, and delivered (being first duly read and explained to testator) in the presence of (Signed) JOSEPH GILMOR. (Signed) Wm. M. ROWAN. Probate of this will was granted to Rochford on the 20th of July, 1832, the goods being sworn not to ex- ceed the value of £100. The "George Crossley" here mentioned was the brother-in-law of' Divine ; that is to say Crossley and Divine had married two sisters. There was no evidence as to whether or not this sum of £100 had ever been paid to Mrs. Rochford by Crossley's executors. The first trial of the cause was delayed by the necessity of a Commission to Ireland, &c.;, but it came on, at length before Sir Alfred Stephen, Chief Justice, on Friday, the 26th of March, 1852, and lasted eight days, ter- minating at midnight on Monday, the 5th of April. On that occasion the plaintiff was represented by the then Attorney-General, Mr. Plunkett, by Mr. Purefoy (now Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates), and by Mr. Smyth, who has since gone to Melbourne. The defendants were represented by the then Solicitor- General, Mr. Manning, by Mr. Foster, Mr. Broad- hurst, and Mr. Fisher, who has since gone to Europe, and by Mr. Darvall, Mr. Meymott, and Mr. Holroyd, who are still counsel in the cause. The jury found a verdict for the defendants, and, after an unsuccessful motion to upset this finding, there was an appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. The latter tribunal granted a new trial, generally ; revers- ing, in certain respects, the ruling of the Supreme Court here. This judgment was pronounced on the 27th of November, 1855 ; but no further steps ap- peared to have been taken to procure the second trial thus awarded until early in the present year. The judge of the Privy Council having been duly recorded in the Court, and a new trial ordered in obedience to it, there were motions on either side having reference to the conduct of this second trial. On the part of the plaintiff a change of venue from Sydney to one of the circuit towns was moved for, upon the grounds that there were so many persons in Sydney interested, directly or indirectly, in the issue of this suit as to render it exceedingly difficult to procure a jury whose impartiality could be thoroughtly relied upon. But it was shown that the number of special jurors in such circuit was so limited as to render the procurement of a jury almost impossible if this course was taken; while the number of special jurors on the Sydney panel was so great as to render it a libel on common honesty to suppose that a thoroughly impartial jury could not be easily obtained. Under these circumstance the Judges refused to change the venue, but in order that every precaution might be taken to secure a jury whose impartiality would be quite beyond question, a special order was made ex gratia as to the mode of "striking"or selecting the jury to be pursued in this case. In the first instance the Sheriff was to make out a list of 98 special jurors, taking the names as they came, alphabetically, on the roll. From this list the parties were each to strike out twelve, thus reducing the pannel to forty-eight --- the number ordinarily summoned. And from this re- duced pannel the usual twenty-four names, should be taken, 'at the trial, as the jurors answered, - to be again reduced to twelve, in the ordinary mode, i.e., by each party striking out six names. The next application to the Court was made on the part of the defendants, and was for the reception of the Chief Justice's notes at the first trail, as evidence of what had been then said by witnesses who had since died. This ap- plication was unsuccessful, their Honors deciding that evidence of this character must be brought before the Court by the testimony of persons who had heard the deceased witnesses examined, and who could be subjected to cross-examination as to the accuracy of their recollection or of the notes which they had taken. A third application also on the part of the defendants, and unsuccessful was one for the trial of the case "at bar." At length the second trial came on, and the proceed- ings at this second trial we now proceed to report. Any thing like a complete record or detail of all the speeches, discussions, examinations, and cross-exami- nations of which this long and laborious investigation has been made up, would, of course be quite out of the question. This would take from 200 to 300 of our columns and would, probably,be unreadable. It is be- lieved, however, that the whole pith of the evidence on either side has been given, and that all the more important', interlocutory questions have been noted, while a fair precis has been made of counsels'speeches and of his Honor's summing up. In reporting the evidence, the distinction between the examinations and cross-examinations has only been preserved when it has been deemed material to do so. There was very great difficulty in hearing many of the witnesses, some of them because they could not be prevailed upon to "speak out" and others because of their peculiar mode of delivery. The most striking example of the former class was Mr. John Boyle, one of the plaintiff's wit- nesses who persisted in dropping his voice in such a manner that the end of every second or third sentence was lost. As an example of the second class, the witness Thomas Smith may be named. This witness spoke loud enough, but had a habit of running on quickly every now and then in a manner scarcely in- telligible in the reporters' box. It is due to the learned counsel on either side to acknowledge that with one exception, they all did their best to make their witnesses speak so as to be generally understood. The presiding Judge also, with his usual kindness, ecognised the expediency of haying the evidence so given, that it might be heard and recorded by the re- presentatives of the Press. Many of the witnesses were very old men ; so old as not to be able to move along the floor of the Court without aid, but some of these old men gave the most distinct evidence. The counsel at this second trial were For the plaintiff, Mr. Plunkett, Q.C., Mr. Blake, Mr. Isaacs, Mr. Butler, and Mr. Dalley. For the defendants, Mr. Darvall, Q.C., Mr. Wise, Mr. Meymott, Mr. Holroyd, and Mr. Martin. The attorney for the plaintiff was Mr. James Greer, the attorney for the defendants, were Messrs. Johnson and Johnson. Taking into consideration all its circumstances - the magnitude of the interests involved, the great length of the trial itself and the nature of the question at issue, this was probably the most extraordinary case ever committed to the charge of a British judge and jury, and it is admitted on all hands that both judge and jury have done their duiy most ably and faith- fully. In all the courts at Westminster no judge could have been found more competent to deal with such a case than Mr. Justice Dickinson, and well has he, on this occasion, sustained his high reputation. Every piece of evidence was most patiently and carefully received and recorded ; every interlocutory question was dealt with, promptly and ably, as it arose, and to the firmness and decision of the Judge alone is to be attributed the perfect order that was maintained throughout. The Court was crowded to excess every day, and chiefly, it would seem, by friends or partisans of the claimant, for there were on several occasions, attempted expressions of ap- plause of other emotion as any peculiar remark was made, or any piece of evidence given, which seemed to be of a "telling"or startling character. But every such attempt was checked on the instant by his Honor, with a threat not only that the Court should be cleared if its order was thus outraged, but that the offenders, some of them at all events, should be sent to gaol. As to the jury, they gave to this case throughout the whole of the protracted trial a degree of attention which was altogether without parallel in the annals of our Courts. They well deserve, as was said towards the close of the case that their names should be ever remembered. That the case was, from first to last, conducted and watched with the greatest zeal and attention by all the professional geutlemen engaged in it need scarcely be added. For ourselves we may say that no pains have been spared to furnish the public with as accurate and full a record of this extraornary (sic) case as could well be given in the shape of a newspaper report. Our Law Reporter has attended the Court during the whole time, has taken notes of all the evidence, of the in- terlocutory arguments, and of the Judge's charge, and has made, unassisted, the synopsis of the whole which follows. The closing speeches of Mr. Darvall and Mr. Plunkett alone have been reported by other gentlemen. When the trial was first commenced, Mr. Darvall was Attorney-General, and Mr. Wise, Solicitor- General. By the time it was half over, there had been a change of Ministry, and Mr. Martin had taken the Attorney-Generalship, while the post of Solicitor- General had been conferred upon a gentleman not retained in the cause (Mr. Lutwyche). But although Mr. Matrin thus acquired a leading position during the progress of the trial, the actual leadership was left, by professional etiquette with Mr. Darvall, and the new Attorney-General, with great good taste, most completely recognised this leadership. As was re- marked during the progress of the trial, there have been three Attorney-General and two Solicitors General of the colony engaged in this case during its various stages. We now proceed with our report of the trial itself. 