MISCELLANJiOlfs. Thb Qttbes's Family.— It would be in teresting to speculate a little — if one had nothing more immediately pressing to write ibout — as to thfi nrobabla influence on the uw jjiuu^nu iubure ui lac lauiuj nuu vtuxvu the Queen ha3 been providentially blessed. What is to become of them all ? It is coarse and vulgar beyond conception, to deal with the question as it has been dealt with, at the recent elections— merely talk about ' cutting down' the sums proposed for dowries, Ac. What matters a thousand or two in such a case ? People say they are very glad to see Her Majesty blessed with so fine a family, and all that kind of thing, but at the same time they shrug their shoulders, aad ask you to look at the burthen they will bring oa the country. The fact ia, that this family, if spared, will have the most momentous influence on the destinies of Europe. Our approaching alliance with Prussia, by the marriage of the Princess Royal with the Prince of Prussia, will give us an increasing and very powerful influence at that Court, and when the other young ladiea grow up, it may perhaps turn out that they may be made happy themselres, and at the same time useful in extending and consolidating the in ?flueuce of their country. Fancy, five young t ladies, if rightlv disposed of. Look at Russian diplomacy in this respect. They might be made of the highest importance in uniting the powers of Europe together, and, as the preponderance of England is in the interests of the cause of liberty and progress, let us be forgiven for saying that they may tend to promote that I preponderance. Prom this line of argument, I some of your reader* may suppose me a hairy, I grey -headed, jhmy-patedpater&aulis;*. Quite I the contrary, I aauze you. I would allow the young ladies perfect freedom of inclination ia the selection of suiton ; but it would not be difficult; to prevent them coming into contact with parties with whom alliances would be ob jectionable. Than there an the prince*. The Prince of Wales, I often tee, and I fancy that there is a delicacy about his constitution which will account for his frequent sea-trips add changes of air. There is plenty of time, however, to talk of his marrying, and I presume that the matter will be left entirely to the young gentleman hiinselij by and with (of course) the consent of his respected parents, and the faithful Lords and Commons of England. I shall not pursue the speculation any further at present ; but ia the alliances which theae nine children may form there is ample room for the play of a powerful imagination. There is one question which arises, and that ia, will these alliances be in the interest of freedom, or will they go to the support of despotism abroad, and the represiion of liberty at home? I should be inclined to answer this question hopefully, if only on account of the tone of the late elections ; for a very large number of tho members of the new Parliament are pledged to the ballot, a still larger number to an extension of the suffrage, and almost every one, including most of the Tories, to some measure of Parlia mentary reform.— Correspondent of the Cape I'own Mail. The Last Expedient. — The New Tori Tribune gives, from New Orleans, the follow ing curious account of a man who is termed a pardon-forger:— The case of Scatohard, charged with having made overtures to various parties to -forge a pardon and effect the release of Charles B. Huntington, the Wall-street forger, from Sin' Sing, grows quite interesting as the examination proceeds. His project, as revealed to Mr. Charles I. Kane, of Wall-street, and others to whom he applied for pecuniary assistance to carry it out, was bold, original, and by no meant impracticable. He said hU skill as a penman enabled him to forge the name of any man so accurately as to defy de tection ; added to which he was an adept in the telegraphic art, and while he resided in New Orleans exercised his ingenuity upon the wires in a remarkable manner. Living in the outskirts of the city, near the telegraphic lines, he made a counterfeit telegraphic pole with a hollow space through the centre, in which he inserted an insulated wire, and brought it in secret contact through a hole in the glass insulator with the main wire of tha lines. Then continuing the branch wire to his own house, he was able to read any of the messages that were sent to or from New Orleans, and make such use of the information as he pleased. Td effect Huntingdon's release he would forge the name of the Governor to a pardon, and before it was presented take pos session of the telegraph above and below Sing Sing, and by his peculiar machinery intercept the enquiries of the Warden to the Governor at Albany, or the District Attorney at New York, as to the authenticity of the pardon, and Bend, in either case, the following reply :— 'The pardm has been granted, but you will give him in charge of the officer, who has a Bench warrant for his detention.' The war rant was to be presented at the prison by a confederate at the proper moment, and Hun tington was to fly with him to this city, where a swift-sailing schooner was to await them, and instantly put to sea, and make for Havana or the Isle of Pines. Napoleon's Tojcb at St. Helena.— The following is the text of the expose des motifs of the bill presented to the French Legislative body, opening a credit of 180.000E. for the pur chase of the tomb and habitation of the Emperor Napoleon I., at St. Helena :— ' The Emperor has charged us with the mission of nresentin? to the Legislative bodv a bill for the purchase in the island of St. Helena of the residence of Longwood, and of the tomb in which, for twenty years, the mortal remains of the first Napoleon were deposited. The ex humation of 1840 did not remove everything from the island of St. Helena, as two great relics still remained there— an open prison andan empty tomb. Butindustrialpursuitsandspecu lation do not always pause or bow bef ire respect for great men. The residence of Longwood has been appropriated to the use of an agricultural establishment. The house in which Napoleon resided has been converted into a farm building ; a barn stands in the place where he dictated his ideas ; and the room where he breathed his last is converted into a stable. His tomb has also undergone deplorable transformations. The ground in which the remains of the Em peror lay belong to a private individual. American speculation disputes the possession of it with the patriotism of France. It was necessary to put an end to these profanations. The Government of Her Britannic Majesty in terposed its good offices to enable France to purchase these relics — a testimony of so much grandeur, and of such great suffering. Thanks to its intervention, the domain of the State will extend beyond the ocean to that land where destinies without equal were accom plished. Under a preceding Government, the shore where St. Louis expired in the Begency of Tunis, near ancient Carthage, was consecrated, by a mausoleum. A homage as striking will be rendered to the Emperor who died under the sun of the tropics. Two great souvenirs will thus be raised at the two extremities of that African land which our arms have opened to civilization. rlaces visited by glory nave their immortality ike heroes. Marked by an unexampled event, ;his small island of St. Helena is, in the midst -f the sea, an historical monument. Nothing grill ever efface it from the memory of man. Ehe Imperial Louvre will not eclipse the house it Longwood, nor will the crypt at the In ralides throw oblivion on the Atlantic tomb. Ehe whole of France will thus unite in the mgust solicitude which surrounds with a' fresh generation these profaned relics, and rescue them from mercantile degradations, to restore them to the piety of history.' M. Gautier de Bougement, a retired cavalry officer, who served in the wars of the Empire, has just been appointed guardian of the Emperor's tomb in St. Helena. A Gho3T Stobt in Oxtobdshihb. — Con- Biderable excitement has prevailed for several days at Beckley, in this county, and the adjoining villages, occasioned by a report, which has been pretty exteniively circulated, that a ' ghost had taken up his quarters at a farm house known as Beckley Lower Farm, in the occupation of Mr. Chapman. Such was the rapidity with which the rumour flew, and such was the eagerness manifested to obtain a sight of the 'haunted house' (a lone farmhouse lying in a hollow, about a mile to the east of Beckley, and about six miles from Oxford), that on Friday and Saturday several hundred — and on Sunday it is computed that no less than a thousand — persons of all classes of society made a journey to the farm in order to gratify their curiosity. Of course the reports in circu lation have been many and varied, each visitor giving a version differing somewhat from the others, but the following facts may be relied on a3 coming from an 'authentic source.' About the middle of last week Mr. Chapman had occasion to go from home, leaving at the house his wife, a female visitor, a servant girl, and four young children. Soon aft** tin had rone scenes of an extraordinary iharacter commenced. Pieces ot the ceiling* n every room in the house fell down, making a loise hke thunder; brick after brick came rattling down] the chimney; tiles fell off ;he roof; and all this without an apparent luman agency. Above half the windows in ;he house are broken ; stones, pieces of tile and plaster were thrown through them from irithout with such force as to break in the leaden frames. And all this went on in the open day— one peculiar characteristic of his ghoatship distinguishing him from the gene rality of his fraternity being his invariable quietness during the 'witching hours of night,' when, according to popular belief, ghosts de light in indulging their wanton sports. During the whole of these terrible scenes the female* displayed a courage and presence of mind truly praiseworthy, which may serve as an example to all who may have the misfortune to be placal in similar circumstances. At each succeeding smash of the windows a most rigid search was instituted by them throughout the grounds ad joining the house to aiscover tne perpetrator of the mischief, but always without success. One extraordinary circumstance was, we are told, that whenever the bricks or plaster fell on the property of the occupier, the articles of furni ture sustained no damage, nor did any of the inmates of the house receive any injury, with the exception of the servant, who had a trifling bruise on the forehead, occasioned by the falling of a piece of the ceiling in one of the room*. Matters continued in this state until Monday last, during the whole of which time not even a momentary glimpse of the ' ghost' could be obtained. On the morning of that day, how ever, the servant, who had been engaged in her domestic- duties in the upper part of the house, came rushing down stai» pale with terror, and fell fainting with fright. As aoon as she had sufficiently recovered to give an explanation, she said she had encountered a 'tall dark man' on the landing of thestaits, and although closely questioned, and told that she must have bfen deceived, she adhered to her state ment. All the rooms in the house wer* immediately examined by th* men employed on the farm, bat the -supernatural intruder wat nowhere to ba found, it having, we have no doubt, mad the privily enjoyed by 'gho**' o€T»wAm| into «thia air,'' Thi effect of the tight of the 'tall dark man' on the servant girl was such that the could not be induced to remain any longer in the home, and the accordingly left the same day. Who* ther bis gbottahip found that bis lodging were getting too warm to be comfortable we cannot aay, but it is certain that he has not since been heard ofj and the destruction of property, of which, of course, he was the author, has ceased from that day. These are simply the facts of the case as we heard them from, an inmate of the farm, who kindly volun teered the statement for our information, and we lay them before our readers, leaving them to form their own opinion as to the amount of faith to be placed in them. The Lower Farm, which is a very old one, has, for nearly a century, been associated with many tales of a supernatural character, one of which, credulously believed by many of the labouring classes at the present day, is to the effect that a former tenant of the farm made an agreement with his Satanic Majesty, Nicholas the elder, by which he sold himself for a certain sum of money. A little wood, to the east of the farm, is pointed out ]to the enquiring visitor as the place in which the agreement was drawn up, and to which the tenant was wont to repair to reoeive payment of his wages. It is added, however, that the 'laying' of ' the evil spirit' was effectually performed, and that the old man, by always carrying a Bible in his pocket, eluded fulfilling his share of the bargain. Cer tainly this speaks volumes for the enlighten* ment of the nineteenth century !— Oxford Chronicle. Msxico.— A very valuable official document has been lately published at Washington relative to Mexico, her commerce, internal resources, &c.; Some of the statistics are especially inte resting now, at a time when it seems most likely public attention will be again directed to this country, in consequence of the anticipated Spanish invasion and possible interference on the part of tha United States. At the outset, the report states that the territory constituting the Republic of Mexico has an area of 355.964,496 square miles, and forms, in its political divisions, 21 States, a Federal District, and three Territories. The popu lation is estimated at 7,659,919. Along the eastern declivity of the Cordillera of the Andes, from three to four thousand feet above the level of the tea, grow the coffee and tobacco, both of unusual excellence ; but the coffee is heavily burdened with the internal taxes of the States, and the sale of tobacco is a monopoly of the Government ; so that, with these restrictions upon them, their cultivation languishes. From this elevation to the sea is the country of cane, of the product of which little is at present exported. Cochineal, which has greatly diminished in quantity withm the past few years, has become of trifling im portance. Wheat, the growth of the table lands, is equal to the best in the world, and, when not absolutely forbidden, a heavy duty rests upon the imported article, which, un less in times of scarcity, is equal to a prohibition. Maize, almost indigenous to the table lands and growing in every climate of the republic, is rarely to be found at a low price anywhere ; and this, not from any failing of industry or a want of knowledge in its culti vation, but from droughts that continue, at times, for years, and sometimes* until districts are half depopulated. Even in the fertile valley of Mexico, about the capital itself, corn usually bears a price of about two dollars the bushel. The cotton, wherever it has been attempted to be raised, has been materially and discouragingly affected by insects; and the article is yearly the subject of special licences to individuals, to be introduced at Yera Cruz at rates lower than those designated by the tariff co supply me cans oi conon manuiaciories. xne pine and the olive have been attempted to be cultivated since the revolt from Spain, but with poor or only partial success. The juice of the maguey, both in its natural state as pulque ana as the distilled liquor made from it, mescal, is an important item in the ©eco nomy of considerable territories, but of no consideration in commerce. The pith of some varieties of the plant, baked like a potato, is, in many places, the food for nearly the year round of the half-wild tribes of the Sierras, and the spirituous extract is the inebriating draught that keeps a large portion of the popu lation about the cities and towns where it can be raised or bought in a state of wretchedness and physical destitution. ? ? Cheshibb a nbw Australia!— There have been several ounces of gold-dust discovered, also a large nugget, value £53, in Great Bud worth, by the workmen employed in erecting a new schoolbouse, on the property of B. G. G. Warburton, Esq., aad from all appearance this new field bids fair to beat the Australian and Cahfornian gold-fields, and Great Bud worth will be indeed great should this discovery prove to be as great as is expected. Provisions are already on the rise, and the inhabitants are preparing to receive lodgers. There is no deception in the quality of the gold, as Mr. Wallace, the curate, forwarded a nugget to London to be tested, and it is returned as pure gold. B. Cr. G-. Warburton, Esq., has in spected the large nugget, also Mr Joseph Donald, his agent, and numerous other parties. The gold is lying at Mrs. Beecroft'a for inspec tion, and that esteemed lady will be happy to give every facility and information to persons wishing to inspect the same. — Worrington Guardian. APbopxiSATB Pbibst.— The Grand Vicaire of Meaux, in France, has fled with one of his fair penitents, Mdlle. Yacquerin by name, and one of the most beautiful girls in the place. What makes the affair so terrible just at this moment is, that this intrigue of the Grand Yicaire, which forms one of the accusations upon which Verger based his proofs of the cor ruption of the clergy, breaks out just as Yerger and his damning proofs were beginning to be forgot. The young lady, who has refused the most brilliant offers of marriage, and who in no.isessed of a lar?e fortune in her jwn right, has, by the advice of her paramour, who is supposed to have been her [over ever since she first attended his confes sional five years ago, only waited until her Mining of age, and the transfer of her money From the hands of her relations into her cwn, to take this extraordinary and decided step. The Grand Yicaire is a tall, handsome man, of good family. The fugitives have landed in England, and rumour declares that the reve rend father has written to his Bishop, announ cing his intention of throwing his froe aux orties, and threatening, on the first sign of persecution and annoyance on the part of the ecclesiastical authorities, to issue a public con firmation of all the ' horrible calumnies' which were luppressed in Verger's trial. Thus is the prophecv of our political seers about' to ba fulfilled— 'Every class will be shaken at once by the lava of corruption, which is boiling beneath the surface of society, and seeking an issue by every pore.' — Atlas. EXTBAORDEfABY ' SpiBIT' AjPAIE IN Pabis. — Mr. Hume, the all-hearing, all-seing spirit-rapper, has left Paris suddenly, without warning. A few nights ago a grand seance had been prepared for him at the house of one of the principal officials about the Court who had witnessed the divers experiments made at the Tuilerie»; and which, although failing to convince him entirely, had yet not left him wholly incredulous. The company was limited, and of the first water. The names had all been submitted to the practitioner — those of Eugene Guinot, General Baraguay d'Hilliers, and Nadaud, the composer ; all of them atrocious unbelievers, and wholly devoid of all sensibility or imagination. Numerous were th* experiments tried, and all, as usual, emi nently successful The accordion glided, as usual, from knee to knee, all round the circle, and played the tunes most loved by the en quirers ; the bell wandered round the ceiling, and ran? its merrv Deal or tolled its doleful note, according to the will oi any member ot the company who chose to command it. But the wizard had promised that night to evoke the spirits, and render them visible to the sight, and every preliminary experiment was attended to with impatience, so great was the hurry to witneat the crowning masterpiece of the performance. At length the lights were all extinguished but one, a solitary wax-taper on the mantelpiece, behind the figure of the prac titioner, which cast its long gigantic shadow oh the wall* and ceiling of the room. The silence was complete ; , some of the ladies crouched behind their neighbours, and resisted the temptation to faint only by reason of their curiosity ; others stared around, hoping, yet dreading, to see something awful and terrific, that they would he driven to hysterics. The voice of the wizard was heard, amid the silence, demanding whoae spirit should be summon* d to appear. A faint whisper, from a distant corner, thrilled through the room — 'Let it -e Socrates, the greatest of philosophers ?' V pause- ensued — no objection or opposition beh j manifested, the wizard raised bis arm, and waving it towards the door, solemnly bade ths spirit of Socrates appear and stand before him. Again the silence wu resumed, and the wizard remained, with extended arm and muttering lips, nnof towards the door. It slowly opened; and, amid the utmost terror, the company behald the entrance of a figure, enveloped in a kind bf floating drapery, ?omethin| like a '. wiodiag-aheat, ?which adtanced with noiaekat tread over the earMt. and atood before the odDjuror. Th* wh^tod *-w^. beard, th* ba&h;*ad, and crushed ? nose were unmut«kabler-So« crates 11000!, as in life, in the very midst of that gay and frivolous circle, evoked from his aluilber of centuries to furnish sport for a Parisian talon.' The awe and terror of the company wu at its highest, and the figure glided back in silence while yet the effect produced was at its culminating point. When it had disap peared, compliment*, of course, poured in upon the operator, who, shaken to the very fingers' ends, could not help expressing his surprise at the unusual promptitude with which the sum mons had been answered ; and, full of the excitement of unlooked-for success, yielded to the eritreaties of the same voice which had spoken before, and which now implored the evocation of Frederick the Great. The wizard again stretched forth his hand towards the door, although doubtful if his electric cur rent would be strong enough to accomplish two evocations so rapidly one after the other. He was observed, however, even in the dim light of the apartment, to turn deadly pale, as the door again opened at his summons, when he called aloud for Frederick the Great, King of Prussia, to appear before him. The moment's pause was truly awful. By degrees, amid the shadows of the room could be seen gliding through the doorway a short figure, wrapped, like the one which had preceded it, in a kind of winding-sheet clinging to its limbs, and held around the waist by the grasp of the hands. The face, however, was undeni ably that of the great hero, and the head sur mounted by the little traditional cocked hat which makes every Prussian heart beat with gratitude and loyalty even to this day. The figure advanced, as that of Socrates had done before, close up to the magician, and there stood still and motionless within a few paces of the chimney. Presently the excitement of the magician became intense, the perspiration rolled in huge drops from his forehead, and his teeth chattered. ' Enough, enough — begone, depart ! ' said he, in a hoarse wbisjjer, as the eyes of the figure glared upon him with a fierce and menacing expres sion. 'Begone, I say!' repeated he, in a hollow tone, as the figure still stood motionless, in spite of the command. In another moment, however, the spell was broken. Bousing him self by an effort which, considering the circum stances in which he was placed, may be regarded as sublime, he suddenly exclaimed, ' I have been made the dupe of some mystifi cation,' and stopped close to the figure, which had still retained its menacing expression until that moment, when a loud and uncontrollable laugh burst from its lips, and it exclaimed, ' What, don't you know me ? I am Nadaud, and here is my friend Socrates, otherwise Mar shal Baraguay d'Hilliers, ready to appear again whenever you choose ; and close at hand is my comrade Eugene Guinot in life, and Alcibiades in death, waiting to be summoned after me, as he would most assuredly have been had I been able to follow up the joke.' You can just ima gine the effect produced by the discovery of the mystification. Mr. Hume was struck powerless and dumb ; when he recovered he begged it to be remembered that he had been the first to find out the deception, and asserted that the spirit summoned would have appeared, for.* that he does in reality possess the faculty of raising them. In a few moments, however, he disappeared, and the next day we heard, without astonishment, of his sudden departure from Paris. It seems that the three mauvait plaisans who had been excluded from the company had been determined to revenge themselves ; and, with the assistance of a con frere, aided likewise by the fake white beard of Socrates and the cocked hat of Frederick the Great, had almost succeeded in d aping. the nnnnttnv \iiul if*, nnf Haati fm* fftA nnnnnfaviilaHla laughter of Nadaud, which betrayed the whole sonapiracy. This is the story told of the sudden desertion of the camp by Mr. Hume, lime will show us if this be truth, for he has promised to return ; and should we not behold aim according to this promise in the space of three months, we shall know what to believe ind what to doubt of his mysterious power. — Court Journal. ExTEAORDHfABY SeizUre.— One of the most extraordinary and ludicrous scenes which has for some time been publicly exhibited occurred on Monday last at Thames Bank, Pimlico, arising out of the seizure of a travelling caravan, formerly belonging to Womb well's Menagerie, by the officers of the Westminster County Court, under a warrant of execution by the High Bailiff, for £10, in a suit, Clements v. Parkinson, the owner of the said van, wherein, with his wife and four children, he dwelt. On the officers knocking at the door of the vehicle and attempting to push it open, they found it fastened, but the proprietor looking out of one of the windows and ascertaining their busi ness, refused them admission, at the same time showing them several loaves of bread and a large joint of pork, which he said, amid much laughter of those who had congregated around, would, for some days do for 'home consumption.' The officers upon that commenced moving the machine to the County Court auctioneer's pre mises in Vincent-square, where it was refused to be received without the dialodgement of its living freight. Under the circumstances a forcible entry of premises being illegal till after the lapse of five days, it was allowed to remain where it was, and did so till the Inspector of Nuisances took possession of it, but after, by his orders, it had been conveyed ten or twenty yards towards the green yard, its further pro gress could not be effected in consequence of the wheels refusing to perform their work. It being then in the custody of the Board of Works, through their servant, and out of the hands of the High Bailiff, the officers of that gentleman left it to its fate, and the matter will, no doubt, be the cause of litigation in ascertaining which party was right and which wrong. . Thb Ibibh Laboub Market.— Letters from the countrv continue to speak of the enormous adrance or tha Tata of warns naid to the asm. cultural labourer as compared with the stan lard which prevailed in the olden times of lotato cheapness, and consequent inertness on he part of the working population. A gentle nan who left Dublin last week, with a view of nvesting a small capital in hind in the county of 3alway,returnedhastilytotownwithouteffecting us object, the failure being attributable Jess to he heavy rent demanded for land of secondary quality than to the prospect of even a higher Kale of wages being ere long general through rat the west, unless some check is given in the meantime to the present rapid progress of jmigration. The formers, he says, large and »mall, are enjoying a state of prosperity with jut parallel since the last great European irar. Produce of every kind— beef, pork, mutton, eggs, and fowl — is realizing almost tabulous prices, and, upon the whole, a person of restricted means could live as cheaply in Dublin as in some of the country towns 100 miles distant from the metropolis. Many farmers of the smaller class, holders of from 20 to 30 acres, although sharers in the general prosperity, show no outward symptoms of im proved circumstances. There is the Bame modest diet, the same humble dwelling, and no change for the better can be noticed in the dress of the men or women. To account for this, it is believed that farmers of this class are hoarding their money for the ulterior purpose of emigration either to the States, Canada, or Australia, whither so many of their friends and relatives have already pioneered the way for them. — Times. BtrssiAN Opinion of the Engluh Eleo tiojts. — A. Russian newspaper, the Northern Bee, a few days ago, said, with reference to the result of the recent elections : — ' This passing over of Cobden, Bright, and others in the elections shows us how powerful the hostility against Bussia still is in England. They still make Cobden feel the consequences of his oppo sition to the war now ended, and that, too, after the lapse of so long a time. That must be a nice sort of a peace that we have with Eng land when public opinion, which influences everything there, cannot even yet pacify itself,' &c.; 