ORANGE. I have just this moment returned from our township, after witnessing the interesting ceremony of laying the foundation stone of an Episcopalian Church. The attendance was very good, amongst whom were most of the respectable inhabitants of our district, including persons of almost every creed. After the officers of the church were stationed in their proper places, the Rev. A. S. KING invoked a blessing on the undertaking, and read the 132nd Pslam. After which, Mr. W. DALE read the following paper :—" The Foundation Stone of this Place of Worship, dedicated to the Service of Almighty God, was laid on the 2Ist day of July, in the year of our Lord, I857, by William Dale, in the reign of her Majesty Queen Victoria, Sir William T. Denison, Knight, Governor- General, &c.;, &c.; The Right Rev. Doctor Barker, Bishop of Sydney, Metropolitan ; and in the presence of the Rev. A. S. King, B.A., now in temporary spiritual charge of the District of Orange, the Rev. H. Tingcombe, Incumbent of Carcoar, and several members of the Church of England, and others desirous of promoting the religious advancement of the inhabi- tants of the colony, and more particularly of those in the immediate neighbourhood. Joseph Moulder, Hon. Treasurer ; James Dale, Hon. Secretary to the Orange Auxiliary Branch of the Church of England Society of New South Wales." This paper, with a piece of the different coins of the realm, were then placed in a large stoppered bottle, and deposited in a place prepared for it underneath where the stone was to be laid. While the stone was being lowered, the first three verses of the 18th Psalm were sung. Mr. DALE said he had for many anxious years been looking forward to the time when he would see a Church of England erected in the town of Orange, and that he was rejoiced to see so fair a prospect of realizing what he had so long hoped for. No district could flourish without Christianity, and unless they had a public place of worship, they could not expect religion to be kept alive amongst them. He was just going to lay the stone on which their Church was to be built, and he hoped they (his hearers) would all build on the " Sure foun- dation Stone," and eventually find their way to heaven, through the merits of their Redeemer. He then pro- ceeded to lay the stone in the usual way, pronouncing these words—" I lay this stone in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and dedicate the building to the service of Almighty God." Amen. Mr. TINGCOMBE then delivered a very excellent ad- dress, in which he dwelt at some length on the benefits consequent on religious observances, and concluded by offering some remarks with reference to what appeared to him to be the way in which the money should be raised to pay for the Church, and urging upon the peo- ple the necessity of individual exertion. The doxology was then sung and the people separated. At 3 p.m. a public meeting was held in the Court- house, on the subject of money matters, in connection with the Church of England. The Rev. Mr. TINGCOMBE was called to the chair. The CHAIRMAN stated the object of the meeting and called upon Mr. J. Dale, the Secretary of the Society, for a statement of his account. The Secretary stated, that the whole amount subscribed is £368 14s. 6d., of this £238 has been actually received, and £86 having been expended a balance of £153 remains in hand. Thus it appears that £231 6s. 6d. will be required to pay the contractors exclusive of the funds promised. The following resolution was then moved by Mr. TEMPLER :—" That this meeting having heard the state- ment of the Secretary relative to the funds of the Society, resolve that it is necessary that active measures should be taken to increase the number of subscribers." Mr. WARREN seconded the resolution. The second resolution was moved by Mr. W. T. EVANS, and seconded by the Rev. Mr. KING :—" That the annual subscriptions for the year ending August 1858, be urgently called for." Mr. EVANS said that when this movement was first made, there appeared no difficulty in getting names added to the list. The " fever" was then very strong, but it had since amazingly abated. If the members of the Church of England were only to do their duty, there would be no complaining about money. He (Mr. Evans) was impressing upon the minds of his children the im- portance of contributing towards the cause of religion, and inducing them to give out of their own little private means ; the system of parents supplying their children with money for collections was a bad one, and ought to be discontinued. Every child in the district should be a member of this society, and he did not doubt but the 12s. per year would be forthcoming from all, as all had funds of their own. Some who have been asked to be- come members have pleaded want of money, othors have said they were too far to attend Church ; to the former he would say, do with a little less grog, only four glasses a month ; to the latter, if you don't benefit, your children might, the benefits of the Society are intended to extend to all. Mr. TEMPLER proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Ting- combe for his conduct in the chair, and for the kind interest he had always manifested in the spiritual pros- perity of the district of Orange. Dr. FAVILLE seconded the proposition. Mr. TINGCOMBE suitably acknowledged the compli- ment. He alluded very feelingly to his past labours amongst them, and expressed the great pleasure it always afforded him at their service to hear voices uniting in singing the praises of God from all parts of the congregation : it was heart-stirring. Although the good beginning they made when Mr. Synge was up had not turned out to his expectations, he still hoped they would retrace their steps and soon complete their church without incurring a debt. After a great deal of conversation respecting different plans for raising the required amount at once, the meet- ing separated. On Monday last the gold robbery prisoners were further remanded for a week. Henry, Curran has been taken on warrant as one of the receivers. I read the report of your Bathurst Road meeting with a great deal of interest, and since unanimity was its pre- vailing characteristic, we might reasonably hope that something now will be done. You may rely upon the co-operation of the people of Orange in whatever you take in hand to improve the state of our thoroughfares The time has arrived when we should unite as one man in advocating and claiming our just rights. Is it be- cause these districts have advantages over other dis- tricts which point them out as the enduring gems of New South Wales, that we should passively submit to be deprived of our honest rights and see our money lavished away to benefit other and more favoured locali- ties ? Methinks I see your answer. If we only had a rail or even a tramroad (I have no faith in macadamised roads) hence to Sydney, our mineral developments would soon surprise the world. And why not have one or other of these modes of communication ? Because water car- riage was too expensive, our senators, in the exuberance of their wisdom, must needs construct a rail to run parallel with our navigable rivers ; and now, in consequence of the levelness (?) of the Southern road the rail must be extended to Goulburn. Have we not contributed as much to the revenue of the colony as Argyle ? And is there not as much traffic on this as there is on their road ? The answers to these questions are known to all. Why then this favoritism ? For every mile of rail towards Goulburn or any where else, we have an undoubted right to a mile, which right must not be abdicated. But " a railroad is not practicable to Bathurst." Let us then have a tramroad which will answer our purpose for the time being, and by and bye when the souls of our Legislators become a little larger, a practicable line will, no doubt, be discovered. A friend of mine tells me that he once travelled on the continent on a tramroad a dis- tance of sixty or seventy miles. The vehicles were drawn only by two horses, and they went at the rate of seven or eight miles an hour, drawing after them thirty passengers. The wheels ran on wooden rails, something like those described by Mr. Hawkins. In many places the gradients were quite equal to what they would be between this and Sydney, with the exception of two or three places, and there we might easily have some horses stationed. It's an old adage, that " while the grass is growing the horse is starving," and it appears to me that it very forcibly applies to our condition. Something must be done, and done quickly, ere we are entirely cut off from the metropolis altogether. What that something is to be I leave for wiser heads than mine to determine. Orange, July 21. 