TO THEEDITOR OFTHE LAUNCESTON EXAMIINER. Sia,-State old to religion is not enjoined in the Bible, it is therefore tilerpedient, The. whole charge of visible Christianity and the external means of its promotion through which God hlmself would operate, nwas made over by Jesus Christ Itmsclrfnd his apostles to he Church of God, not to any state or government whatever, nor to any man external to the church \--consquentlly any interference of the state with the Christian rliglion is wrongl, because contrary to God's ordinance, and because the state cannot legislate aright in matters where with it may be probably to a very considerable extent unacquainted. Of true religion God is the author and finisher; and he has certainly not appointed any state agency to promote it. It is, there fore, unwaroantblo itn go rornment to use money compulsorily taken from a people for any such purpose,-It is intermeddling with a matter at an immense colt to tlia country, quite extrnneous to its legitimateo sphero of operation. teligion is a personal matter between men and their od t allt a overnmeot iLa to do is to aenrain from iuterrerence, and that nitnlion will bhe blessed that imposes no resltiction on its full and free exercise. I believe that with a view to jsulice onI ri ght, state aid should at once cease, anti for over. Let the government, as far als racticable, employ those who are now paid by the ilatoe for religious purposes in educating the children of the land. Let sluch educationl refr entirely to the elementary matters of a comeon educationt reudlitg well, writing well, stmmins well,--nd for the maintenance of morality in the land, let the Iible without note or 'comment be lend by the scholars, ttlh a view to instruction In rendintg, at iast latwice a day. 'This, conceive, as o. th'very hlgheOt Imporlince, and lshouldi by tihe Inspector of Schools he niarrowly wotchedond scrupulously enforced.. Sure I feel that it will do snmore. to dimnttish crime and establish that .whilch is moral atnd amiable In the lnd tIthnn .can possibly accruo from. tiha present ýyslem f?nmakinRg reilon a trade to ohlch' gnctlemean iring up their sons n ow na days, and which but too gererally proves a mockery of religion, and a cause of contemPt and disgust. No man can rightly undertakte the sacred omeco of a Christian mlister, except throulgh the special Influence of the Holy Ghost upon the mind; and the direction of pcctlllr providonces. Now, Jr. Editor, the sessilon of our perlia ment is at hand. I therefore consider that all eclio haro any sauggestio to make fur the country's benefit, should hasten to set the same broadly before the public in the best circulated printls ; and thiIs tithe apology of one who de nires tho honor of Gpd and the good of the land. H. H. 