MKinoun.vi! lttisx uoiarcn. By Nimiiod's Ghost. Saturday.— That urbano and ponny-alinod indi vidual, the 'clurkof tho weather,' kindly atayod tho favours ho had been Hlmworing during tho woek, nnd n bright aky mado tho Friday afternoon rido down to Cheltenham tolerably ploasanc. 'fia truo that it rotiuired tho utmost caution to keep clear of bespattering ono's clean broodies and tops, especially through that pot road- makurii' nuntriniro noar tlm I.iltln Hri-flifiiii Unfnl but n judicious making ]-lay on tho sandy ground, nml n crawl through tho mud, allowed careful upurtumou to reach thoir doatination aa 'iiumnculato a\ new pinks.' On reaching nt sundown tho comfortable quart?™ pro vided for tlio ' logulnrs' nt tho Chultenhnm Hotel, it wns ovidont that the field would bo very ujleet on tlio inorrow, tho fow who had a'ready arrived hivimj aundry anologics and rogrota to dolivor from intomling abaontors, Lamo horaea, aovure inllucuza, or im expected busiiiesj wore fovurally urged, nml tho conioqucnoo wa3 tho tmallo.it nmator of the Eoason. This was tho inoro icgroited by tho matter nnd his coni'irw, as two now luombara of tlio Club, n-holivo at a distaneo from Mcllwum;, undo thair debit', at this nioet, and thoy had como propared for tliat ovornight's enjoyment of good fellowship which rumour had, not incorrectly, stated ns being ordinarily A 1 NovertholeBS, though not a dozen sat round to tho woll laid 'mahogany, chit- chat and jest soon found nnjplo vont, and a tolerably morry ovoning was passod. Tho morning being vory cold, Mr. Watson did not turn out quite bo oarly ns usual, nud tho delay oiusod a nmnll addition to our numbers to bo in good timo. By 8 o'clock wo wcro nt tho covort-sido, and tho-gallanb pack woro sot to work. Carefully avoiding the nasty wot land which had bo fluminuxod tho sport on tho pfo vious Saturday, tho master drow towards tho highor and. more opon ground, and vory soon discovered that hie uotiona wcro right. For about half-an-hour nn occa- . uional whimper told gamo had boon about, but tho scoot was stale, and tho hounds woro liftod on. Just ns wo began to feel annoyed nt this Constant hope, so long deferred, n simultnnoous crnsh of music mado each horseman spring throo inches from tho pigskin, nud utter an un Biibdunble ' Hah ! ' With scarce timo to sottle ahip sbapo in tho saddle, wo dashed nway through a rathor thick Bcrub, and it required a littlo handling to provout nn unplcaaant concussion botwoon head or leg, and gum troo. Cloar of thiH awkward galloping, wo emorgod on an open hoath, and then cnino to n momontr.ry check ; but n second it lind lasted, when tho hounds opened again in a general chorus, and led us at a groat pace to awattlo Bcrub, whoro thoy ngain throw up, Afler making n caar, of themselves, n whimpor from Hannibal was nnaworod by Dulcot, nnd n fresh atart woa mado. Unfortunately, however, n bush road had to bo crossed, and n yelping cur, : pertaining to a passing cart, taking alarm nt tho unexpected nppenranoo of hounds nnd hun ters, ! took to bis heels in thoir direct lino. Tho pack-horoupon divided, and tho scrub boing very donao, it was impossible to tell which wero carrying on tho right scont aftor n fow hundred yarda. Under theso circum stances, tho master thought it bo3t to whip olf, nnd shoutod to Littlo Sammy to got before ono lot, nud to a 'regulnr' to stop tho other. But Sammy was non csl iuvcnlus, nnd tho bush wan too thick for advantageous ubo of tho thong ; so tho horn was triod. ' Too-oo I too-oo ! too-oo ! too-oo-oo-oo !' wa3 sounded, howovor, ' in vain ; bo Mr. W. Btartod after tho largqr portion of ' the pack, about half tho field following Iiia oxamplo. Tho other aportsmon had boon fruitlessly ondoavouririg , to discover tho ' riotovs ' that had brokon after tho cur, t nnd woro quite unawnro of what had happonod, till thoy found thomsolves left in tho lurch. Loudly thoy gram- ' Mod nt their luck, and sadly thoy waitod for tho chanco ' of n ring boing rung back towards thorn ; but fato wns against thorn for tho nonce, nor didnain'jlo hound re- , main to aflbrd them tlio chanco of a bit of fun, tho i stragglora having got to pnok in tho quickly, mysterious ' ' mnnnor which has ofton mado tho writor wonder during ' Ids woodland hunting. An oxciting chaao wna onjoyod by tho happy follows who had got nway in timo from tho above- dotailcd acrapo. A good galloping country soon enabloil them to got oloso with tho ' inolodious beautios,' and for fivo milos thoy I rattled away to their hearts' content. Closely proisod ' by his eager pursuers, tho long-tailod jumper faced tho enclosures, nnd led tho pinks, blacks, nnd browns over somo ugly dog-legged fences. By hook or crook Hiobo woro well Biirmouutod, tho 'Wizard' and 'Post and Bails ' doing their work capitally, and especially so whon BOino rasping fonccs had to bo crossed. Two gon tlemon, tho ' now hands ' before referred to, woro by no monns mounted on Btooplo-chasers, and stifl' three railors woro moat awkward impediments, to thoir caroor. ; ' Thoir spirits wero willing, but their horses woro woak,' ; and bo thoy 'mado n partnership to holp ono anothor in '. lioir difflnultv. ftnrl. l^ftuinn-fknd- Tvfchias-lilrn.- brfiiiftlit tlieir troubles to a happy conclusion at tha facri/ico of n fow top barn. Aftor an hour and n quarter's llrst-rnto' .'. run, tho ' crittur' was tallyho'd, quickly run into, aud ; tho pack earned thoir duo moad of blood. On tho way back to the Cheltenham Hotel tho luckloj.i onea woro : ? fallen in with, and received sincoro condolenco with that peculiar grimnco which i3 applied to n boar ' griuuing with n eoro hoad 1 ' 