SYDNEY. THE NEWTOWN EJECTMENT CASE. SUPREME COURT OF NEW SOUTH WALES. Doe on the Several Demises of Edward Devine, and John Devine versus Felix Wilson, John Blackman, Ralph Mayer Ropey, John Donohoe, John Walker, Mary Hindmarsh, Kezia Iredale, William Innes, Ralph Mansfield, George White, William Macpherson, John M Garvis, James Holt, Jane Malcolm, Joseph Sly, James Lendon. Jere- miah Evans, Henry Knight, Samuel Walters, Robert Henderson, Robert Johnson, William Thurlow, Campbell Leverton Macdonald, Charles Sutherland, William a'Beckett, George Vent, Joshua Frey Josephson, Moses Joseph, Edward Druitt, and William Bucknell. The trial of this cause before Mr. Justice Dickin- son and a special jury of twelve concluded on Satur- day, having occupied thirty days. The litigation in this suit has already lasted nearly nine years. There have now been two trials of the issue by special juries, and, intermediately, a new trial motion and an appeal to the Privy Council, besides very many interlocutory applications and proceedings. There will probably be another new trial motion, and another appeal to London, ere the case is finally settled. At present the defendants are the successful parties. During this interval many of the properties held by the defendants on the record have passed into other hands; one of the lady defendants (Mrs. Iredale) has changed her name, and another defendant (Mr. Dent) has compromised. The record, however, remains the same. The declaration was filed on the 3rd of Octo- ber, 1848, and was in the supremely absurd old form used in those days, conveying no real informa- tion as to the lands actually claimed. Although John Doe and Richard Roe have long since been got rid of with some of the equally obscure and useless technicalities of British law, the ghost of the afore- said John is still seen as the plaintiff in this action. The land sought to be recovered was described in the filed particulars as '210 acres of land more or less, lying and situate at New Town, in the parish of Peter- sham, in the county of Cumberland, in the colony of New South Wales, bounded on the east by a line bear- ing southerly (commencing at a point on the south side of a broad road) two hundred feet wide, distant about three chains southerly from the north-west corner of a grant of fifty-seven acres to James Chisholm, and from the south-west corner of a grant of fifty-two acres to William Hutchinson, dividing the land described from Chisholm's said fifty- seven acre grant, and a thirty acre grant to John King on the south-east by a line bearing south-westerly, dividing it from the Waterloo Estate (Hutchinson's original grant of one thousand four hun- dred acres), to a grant of thirty acres to S. Burt, on the south by a line bearing westerly, dividing it from Burt's thirty acre grant to the Newtown and Cook's River Road, on the west by the Newtown and Cook's River Road, dividing it from Field's, Candell's, and Jenkins' grants, and extending along the same to a point opposite the north-east corner of W. Jenkins' grant aforesaid; then again on the south by a road dividing the land described from said W. Jenkins' grant aforesaid; then on the west by the said road dividing it from P. Page's thirty acre grant, and extending along the same to the Enmore Road, then on the north by the said Enmore Read, dividing it from Rawley's grant to the junction of the Enmore and Cook's River Road, then again on the north by the broad road before mentioned,bearing north easterly and extending along the same to the commencing point aforesaid.' The 'demise' of Edward Devine was abandoned almost at the-outset, and that of John Devine alone was maintained. He claimed as the grand nephew of one Nicholas Divine, the original holder of this property, and one of the earliest colonists. Nicholas Divine died in May, 1830, but whether at the time of his death he was legally ' seized' of this property was, of course, the main question in dispute. The land was held by Nicholas Divine under two grants. It may be remarked here that although of the same family the ancestor spelled his name Divine and the present claimant Devine. The distinction is not very material, but it has been, of course, preserved here. The defendants all claimed under Nicholas Divine also. Their case was that he had, during his lifetime, on the 22nd of October, 1827, conveyed the whole of the lands comprised within these two grants to one Bernard Rochford, by indentures of lease and release. The consideration stated in these instruments was faithful services by Rochford to Devine, divers sums of money expended by the former on account of the latter, and a sum of £350 paid by Rochford on the exe- cution of the conveyance. These deeds bore or pur- ported to bear the signature of Divine himself, as well as of Rochford, and of ' Patk. Francis Egan, Hugh Murray, and Thomas Maher, alias. Dunn,' as attesting witnesses. The property had come into the possession of the present defendants in various ways, and for valuable consideration, but the only question in this case was whether or not the title of Rochford, through whom they claimed, was sustainable. In its present highly improved state the property was worth an enormous sum. Its value had been estimated on the part of the plaintiff at £400,000, and on that of the defendants at £100,000. In all probability its value is between the two; perhaps about a quarter of a million. But at the date of this disputed conveyance to Rochford, when the colony was young and the land unimproved, its value was very small. There was no dispute as to the sufficiency of consideration in Rochford's deed, pro- vided that the deed itself was genuine. But the plaintiff's case was that this deed was forged. Thus, in fact-forgery or no forgery-was the real point at issue in this suit. Various documents, bearing or purporting to bear the signature of Divine, were placed in evidence to prove, by comparison of these signatures, the genu- ineness of the lease and release. On the part of the plaintiff, however (and by the plaintiff is meant, of course, not John Doe, but John Devine,) the whole of these signatures were said to be forgeries. Most of them were to receipts for a pension which old Divine had, and ranged over a period of several years. Con- sequently, Rochford was charged with a long series of forgeries, committed for the purpose of securing to himself everything in the shape of property and money which old Divine possessed or was entitled to. During the latter years of his life Divine continued to reside under the care of Rochford and his wife, and one of the points in contest was as to how they used him. This was collaterally material, as showing the probability or improbability of the transfer by Divine to Rochford, for faithful services, &c;, and for the purpose of securing comfort in his last years. Divine was of very great age, being, it was stated, no less than 104 when he died in 1830. And about eight years before this he had been robbed and ill-used by bushrangers. According to the plaintiff he never recovered from the effects of this usage, and for many years before his death he was completely imbecile- prostrate in mind and helpless in body-incapable, therefore, both mentally and manually, of making a transfer of his property by deed. According to the defendants, he so far recovered from the effects of the bushrangers cruelty as to possess his full mental faculties, weakened somewhat perhaps by extreme age, but still sufficiently vigorous to render perfectly capable of disposing of his property in any way that he thought fit. Bodily, they admitted, he was very infirm, but not more so than was natural to a man of his years, and by no means so utterly helpless as was asserted on the other side. ' 'Part of the same transaction in October, 1827, regarded on one side as evidence of bona fides, and on the other as concocted evidence on the part of Roch- ford to support his great scheme of fraud - were three other instruments, a bill of sale, for nominal con- sideration, for Divine's personal property, and a lease for life and counterpart from Rochford to Divine both of the lands and chattels. The chattel property thus conveyed on the one hand, and leased on the other, was described as "fifteen cows, two working bullocks, one bull, one mare, one foal, one horse, three tables, eighteen chairs, beds, bedsteads and bedding, ploughs, harrows, hoes, axes, &c.;' The attesting witnesses to these instruments were the same as to the lease and release. "The status and means of Rochford was strongly contested and discussed during the trial, but there was evidence-1. That he was really the assigned servant of Divine at the time in question, although his out- ward appearance and position at the farm were not indicative of such a status. 2. That in those days the statutory disabilities which would prevent persons all but a life tenure of his property, real and personal for the purpose of securing care and attention in his very advanced age, were matters for argument and consideration. As to another document, to which there was a great deal of evidence and argument during the trial. The will or supposed will, of Divine-declared by one of the attesting witnesses to be a forgery, and by another to be genuine. Probate of this will was granted to Rochford on the 20th of July, 1832, the goods being sworn not to exceed the value of £ 100. The 'George Crossley' mentioned was the brother-in-law of Divine; that is to say Crossley and Divine had married two sisters. There was no evidence as to whether or not this sum of £100 had ever been paid to Mrs. Rochford by Crosby's executors. The first trial of the cause waa delayed by the necessity of a Commission to Ireland, &c;, but it came on at length before Sir Alfred Stephen, Chief Justice, on Friday, the 26th March, 1852 and lasted eight days, terminating at midnight on Monday, the 5th of April. On that occasion the plaintiff was represented by the then Attorney-General, Mr. Plunkett, by Mr. Purefoy (now Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates), and by Mr. Smyth, who has since gone to Melbourne. The defendants were represented by the then Solicitor-General, Mr. Man- ning, by Mr. Foster, Mr. Broadhurst, and Mr. Fisher, who have since gone to Europe, and by Mr. Darvall, Mr. Meymott, and Mr. Holroyd, who are still counsel in the cause. The Jury found a verdict for the defendants, and, after an unsuccessful motion toupset this finding, there was an appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. The latter tribunal granted a new trial, generally; reversing, in certain respects, the ruling of the Supreme Court here. This judgment was pronounced on the 27th of November, 1855; but no further steps appeared to have been taken to procure the second trial thus awarded until early in the present year. The judgment of the Privy Council having been duly reoorded in the Court, and a new trial ordered in obedience to it, there were motions on either side having reference to the conduct of this second trial. On the part of the plaintiff a change of venue from Sydney to one of the circuit towns was moved for, upon the ground that there were so many per- sons in Sydney interested, directly or indirectly, in the issue of this suit as to render it exceedingly diffi- cult to procure a jury whoso impartiality could be thoroughly relied upon. But it was shown that the number of special jurors in such circuit was so limited as to render the procurement of a jury almost impossible, if this course was taken; while the num- ber of special jurors on the Sydney panel was so great as to render it a libel on common honesty to suppose that a thoroughly impartial jury could not be easily obtained. Under these circumstances the Judges refused to change the venue, but in order that every precaution might be taken to secure a jury whose impartiality would be quite beyond ques- tion, a special order was made ex gratia as to the mode of ' striking'or selecting the jury to be pursued in this case. In the first instance the Sheriff was to make out a list of 98 special jurors, taking the names as they came, alphabetically, on the roll. From this list the parties were each to strike out twelve, thus reducing the panel to forty-eight-the number ordina- rily summoned. And from this reduced panel the usual twenty-four names should be taken, at the trial, as the jurors answered,-to be again reduced to twelve, in the ordinary mode, i.e., by each party striking out six names. The next application to the Court was made on the part of the defendants, and was for the reception of the Chief Justice's notes at the first trial, as evidence of what had been then said by witnesses who had since died. This applica- tion was unsuccessful, their Honors deciding that evidence of this character must be brought before the Court by the testimony of persons who had heard the deceased witnesses examined, and who could be sub- jected to cross-examination as to the accuracy of their recollection or of the notes which they had taken. A third application also on the part of the defendants, and unsuccessful, was one for the trial of the case 'at bar.' At length the second trial came on. Anything like a complete record or detail of all the speeches, discussions, examinations, and cross-exami- nations, of which this long and laborious investigation has been made up, would, of course be quite out of the question. This would take from 200 to 300 of our columns, and would, probably, be unreadable. Many of the witnesses were very old men; so old as not to be able to move along the floor of the Court without aid, but some of these old men gave the most distinct evidence. The counsel at this second trial were For the plaintiff, Mr. Plunkett. Q.C., Mr. Blake Mr. Isaacs, Mr. Butler and Mr. Dalley. For the defendants, Mr. Darvall, Q.C., Mr. Wise, Mr. Meymott, Mr. Holroyd and Mr. Martin. The attorney for the plaintiff was Mr. James Greer, the attorneys for the defendants were Messrs. Johnson and Johnson. Taking into consideration all its circumstances-the magnitude of the interests involved, the great length of the trial itself and the nature of the question at issue, this was probably the most extraordinary case ever committed to the charge of a British judge and jury, and it is admitted on all hands that both judge and jury have done their duty most ably and faith- fully. In all the courts at Westminster no Judge could have been found more competent to deal with such a case than Mr. Justice Dickinson, and well has he, on this occasion, sustained his high reputation. Every piece of evidence was most patiently and carefully received and recorded; every interlocutory question was dealt with, promptly and ably, as it arose, and to the firmness and deeision of the Judge alone is to be attributed the perfect order- that was maintained throughout. The Court was crowded to exeess every day, and chiefly, it would seem, by friends or partisans of the claimant, for there were on several occasions attempted expressions of applause or other emotion as any peculiar remark was made, or any piece of evi- dence given, which seemed to be of a ' telling' or startling character. But every such attempt was checked on the instant by his Honor, with a threat not only that the Court should be cleared if its order was thus outraged, but that the offenders, or some of them at all events, should be sent to gaol. As to the jury, they gave to this case throughout the whole of the protracted trial a degree of attention which was altogether without parallel in the annals of our Courts. They well deserve, as was said towards the close of the case, that their names should be ever remembered, That the case was, from first to last, conducted and watched with the greatest seal and attention by all the professional gentlemen engaged it need scarcely be added. When the trial was first commenced, Mr. Darvall was Attorney-General, and. Mr. Mise, Solicitor- General. By the time it was half over, there had been a change of Ministry, and Mr. Martin had taken the Attorney-Generalship, while the post of Solicitor- General had been conferred upon a gentleman not retained in the cause (Mr. Lutwyche). But although Mr. Martin thus acquired a leading position during the progress of the trial, the actual leadership was left, by professional etiquette, with Mr. Darvall, and the new Attorney- General, with great good taste, most completley recognised this leadership. As was re- marked during the progress of the trial, there have been three Attorneys-General and two Solicitors- General of the colony engaged in this case during its various stages.-Sydney Herald, 21st ult. [We may add that the report of the trial occupies 29 columns of the Herald.] 