WEWJIAJRItES} IX 1TIIE OB-ISETT EISIE. Bio troulilod state of the continent prevontod tho pa Irons of racing from roving awuy in finest of Parisian novelties and Italian skioa ; and hence tlio axle-trees of tlio ChcBterford post clia!.ec3 wero seldom allo\7ed to cool during sovcu months of the year. Nearly orory trainer was a privatoono, and out of iho tliroo or four hundred n&e;' w'10 (nnMl Bobson introduced tho eight o'clccV plan) took their Ircstlaiuga at four in tho morning, and fonrin iho afternoon, at least half wora stout enough to be matched at high, woights over tho D.I., or onto tho lists Tor a B.C. plato. Very few two-year-olds were then indued. l''t ycarlinga woro at time; called upon to ex hibit, ever their eBpocial 2 fur., G2vds. course oil tho 3Flat. Matching wai the very hcort- blocd of tho moot inc3, and wh.cn ten or twelve choico Eoulif, each with (he spirit of a Bedford, vi a Glasgow, mot in oncost round the Club (lec.intc: s, hoi h jockeys and tninora know that tUcro would bo heavy work cut out for them before dawn. ' Five harvest moons had waned since tho merry heart nnd solondid preaonco of ?? George Gnolph ' had 'ceased to ouliven these rovoln. The Nowmarket break ' 'faat tables woro no longeron the qui virc for tho news of ? some frosli praclicol joho -wliich had been played off b ?him at tho Club ovomight. No Fienoli Prinoe liad now ??to be- coaxed vigor»usly for twelvo lioura before ha.would fonrivo thoroysl thrust, which foul; him suddenly over haad into tho pond before the window, as ho bentforward to wamino 'lie. beautiful M of gold ; » and even Bow ?Btroet Town!.ond httl oeased to look ginn and disoora fited. when tho wags would poisist in atking him; it he had 'found the door key}* The royal stnng, with -their lads in Eorrlct. liveries, was no longer to bo teen ?SS out of the Palaco stab oa, when Baker or Keola wwiu command, wid«to3minsa:ros3 tho Flat, or up the Bury hill, in Indian-filo ; and a inasaivo but finoly formed outline in an over-coat with a fur collar, was no loiiKcr dimly descried at iho ondisg nest by Samuel XhHhoy.asliorodBthotrittUatnvo o'clock, on ft grey September morning. Tho bitterness with 'which some, who wpro all smiles to the Prince's ? faco, commented bo liiud his biik un ihe r inning ?,[ Ksoapc, had drivmliui in dis'UBt frum thess, ut, with ahauty Vow thai it c'jould know f;im noiiK.ro. Stilihis tcinjioniry dcieiiivn did not ranko U\o llvntli a dcsr.t. i'rsntis Uuke of .Kodfoiil had upwards of tha ty hordes et tlio Valley, or Eight mile Bottom, » hich, with tlie graudfathir of tho Stoplwu ooiib, iu their trair.or, &nd; S.imucl Chifney as joekov, nobly uphe'd the preside -x,( t!io ' h:;Q' ami i-urp!o stripes.' Priit had a Urge string o£ Lord Grovcsnor's, at Hare Park ; and there, wo3, too, no . mean cluster of trainers at the tix-milo Bottom. It was hero that the Princo had his stud-farm, which, with thohousonnnexed passod as a gift into Colonel Leigh's hands, und became memorable in Mr. Hunter's day as the birtVplace of the grey, Gustavus ; nnd still later, of many a young ecion of 'the straisht-thighed Partisan whoso ..inamorata* might be seen working nt 'tho i-lough, till within a month of foaling. In Kcwiijarket itself, Sir Frank Standish's stable was among tho fnrcmo3t, and had, within tho two previous years, tailed the plnt;a of two Derby wiuuors, and one Oaks winner, on itidoora. Messrs. Panton aud Vernon, too, not uily resided- and kept private trainers there, tub tho formor was on equal enthusiast v/ith hound and horn, and bunted a part of the Cambridge sluro and Ksicx count/ies. Although he had son.o good r.iccr3in his time, ho alwaj-s said that hit Childers was tho flying Abyssey-wood fox, who' stood before tho hounds for five-and-twenty-aiiles without a check, and waa nulled down, after running straij-ht along tho A.F., within a few yards of tho wo'ghing-house, as it strove in its death agony to riiotha hill. CrocMiTd purchased his estataaftBrhisdsath ; but ai yet tho pale flabby fea tures and white ' hay-wisp-f.ishiou ' uoskcloth of tho great f peculator were unknown to fame. Tho colours of Sir Charles Bunbury and Sir. Christopher Wilson, both of whom wore intuin 'Fathers of tho Tui f,' not un frequcntly caught Mr. Hilton'B eye nt the finish, aud earned a still less fleeting notico on the canvas of Stubbj. Den Marshall had not ai yet sot up hid easel, and Ilob sonhadnotbceouio the Loviathati traber of Suffolk, but was engaged to Sir F. Poolo, at Lowe3, and waxing greater and greater after 'Waxy's victory at EpBom ; Lord Clcrmoct never tired of looking into hia own stables, where Hammond's Bank now stands ; and Per ren had the charge of Lord Barrymore's string; , It is told of hia eccentric lordship, that on one occasion ho came forth on to tho pavement in front of his stables, and collected a largo crowd by roaring ' O job 1 O yrs ! 0 yes ! who wants to buy a horse that aui walk fivo mues an hour, trot eighteen, and gallop twenty?' and then discomforted a bidder by assuring him that ' when 1 sea Bitch a horse I will be sure to let you know.' 'Hell FiroDick,' bo called from his marvellous knack of get ting horses on to their Iegj in half-mile and qurrier milo matches, trained for 'old Q.' at Qnooiikbury House, where tho Prince had been a constant dinner guest during tho meotings. The old peer, with his tbrco cornored hat (on which point Lord Clermout imitated him), and his slurp atiuilinc noire, and keen sunken eye, wai ithen, both heio and overyAvlicrc, owing to his extraordinary carriago and cricket-ball matches, &c;, an object of tho utmost intorcst ; and ho thought nothing of riding his pony right up to the beat windows in tho High-street, and ojlins the foil' maids and matrons within, lfia character for aeutcnoiB may bo seen from the high place he liolda in tha following 'Recipa to make a Jockey,' which was handed about tho coffee hnncAa rtf ll,nt#lnv ? ? ' Take a pcsllu r.iid mortar of moderate size : Into Qucensbuiy's head put Bunbury'n ej'es : Cut Diclc Version's* throat, nnd sare all the Wool ; To answer your purjiosc, there's none hnlf so good : round Clermont to dust, you'll find It expedient ; The world cannot furnish a b3«cr ingredient : From Derby and Bedford take plenty or spirit ; ' .Successful or not, they have nhruys* that merit C Tommy I'luitou's address John wutell'i advice. And a touch of I'romethcns -'tis done In a trice.' Nomnnrkot hai undergone endless changes sinco all these choice spirits exchanged minda on tho Heath. The mind of tho venorr.blo.waitor, on whoso head no race goer or villngcr could cvor remember to have seen a hat, and tho ghosts of tho chaises which rumbled that seven teen miles year nftor yoar, past Bourne Bridge, may be toothed when they see the theiitorford lino rank with grass and weeds ; but this is tho only ' pull ' they have. Time, that gentlo innovator, hes silently done his wxirl: in Nowmarket, and in some respects, not for the better. The outlino of tho Club buildings is tho same, but tho greater part of tho Palace has beon pulled down, sold, or convertud into shops, and tho Duko of Ilutland is it3 inly occupant. ' Quoen Jamie' had first built it for a hunting residence, and in 1817 the Eoundhead sentinels hummed a surly hymn at its por tals as they kept watch and ward fur a fortnight over their captive Kin;;. Under their E*rim auspices tho cockpit, in which James had so often delighted, quickly became desolate ; but cocking frbm tan to - dinner-time, races from three to six, cud then to tbo cockpit again, was tho S'unmer order of ths Mcrrie Monarch's New market day. His time was divided botwoan Windsor, Newmarket, .-.nd Winchester, and whon nothing but a few blackened walls remained of tho much-lovea racing .'oat, hia autumn3 were principally spent in hunting ex cursions in thu Now Forest. Thesa royal visits to Win chester, on tht site of whose ancient castle he laid the foundation of a palace, which Sir Christopher Wren hail designed partly after tlio model cf Versailles, did not lack his wonted retinue, who broko tho stillness of tho grey cathedral cloisters, with their glee aonga and their daticcs. Tho Duchesa of Portsmouth, Irs moat favoured mistress, funiiiho 1 out of hand a house for herself ; but Nell G wynno Lad rcison to sigh for her snug Nowmarket ' Nunnery,' bouoatli whoso roof Frank JButlor died, and which wa3 said to bo connected in old times with tho Palaco by a subterranean pas3ago. When tho ' Harbinger,' whoso duty it waa to provide lodgings in a royal progress, arrived at Wiuchostor, ho marked tho prcbsndal house of Dr. Kea for Nelly's icsidocco ; but that dauntless King's chaplain refused her admittance, and she wna forced to seek lodging!) elsewhere, until tho' moro complaisiut Dean Maggot built her a room at . tho south end of the deanery. Kon's lio'y courage mot with its reward,' oven from tho sovereign whom he had do fioil ; and two years later, and within ono short week of hisconsccrationa8 Bishop, hs wns Bummoned to admin UM.*L I-U Jlllll bllC IUOV VUliaUldllVUS Ul bUU KUIUUU-' \JH bUC vory ovenintc of the Sunday that ho was consecrated (Ja'.i.'2 th, 1085), says Kvolyn, ' Iwa« witnessof tho Kin'*;, sitting and toyin; Mrith his concubine], Ports mouth, Cleveland, and Mazarine, &c;, a French boy singing love-son, s in that g'orious gallery, whilo about twenty of tho great courtiers were at UaB30t, round a large table, a bank of at least 42,000 in gold bsforo them. Sixdayn after all mail in the durt;' and great was tho trailing at Whitehall and Nowmarket.— J'oit anil the Paddock. ? 