-? TO OOEEESPONDENTS. . :'TiiB Ghost op' CbakkxRvan ' sends some verses ' describing the horrors of the 'Coffini' the name face tiously given by Mr Price- to his pet hulk President. Such poetry is acai'cely fit for this world, at all events. '' ? | ', ? TO TIIE EDITOil OP'TBE AOH. : Sin,— I address yon aud your contemporaries on behalf of tlie rising generation, to aak you, ' for the sake of tliiir mbral welfare, to euppress all that imy tend to ?? , in flame their passione, or crcalo-o morbid tasto in their minds, for the horriblo or licentious (I speak of orim.-.con, coses,- dctailnd accounts of murders', and Police Court c.ises), which are read with avidity by the young ladi of the present day,.and not having- yet arrived at nn ago to assume the reins over their animal natures, or to Judge between good and bad, nre led, blindfold, I may aay, into immorality and crime. You assume tlie office of public instructor and monitor.' Tho most successful mode of teaching, is . acknowledged to, bo by example. ' . . . ? I remain, Sir, ? ' Your most obedient servant, . : A. \V. If our correspondent 'could keep the rising generation in conventual seclusion, his suggestion would be reiisoa iblo enough ; but so long as they are inevitably exposed to the demoralization of such knowledge, it is the duty of a public journalist to see that it reaches them in the least objectionable form. Regarding the question from another point of jview, the. pross would be shamefully remiss in its duty if it omitted exposing evil-doers to public reprobation. Exposure of this kind is one of the most effective checks upon crime. . . ? ' Catiioltods.°'; — Before publishing so important a communication, wo requiro tho writer's name. *'Medious' informs us of another interesting' faot — apropos of tho objections urged against professional men taking positiona in the now Cabinet. ' 'It is well known,' he says, .' to several members of the medical profession in tho Colony, that Mr Haines was formerly a surgeon of small practice in London. Ergo, might not Dr GreeveF, know as much about Trado and Cus toms, as Dr ? Haines did of Stato Cabinet making, and something more !' ; ®*je .3:'g*je«' MELBOURNE, WEDNESDAY, fl&RCH; 18th, 1857. 