-.SUOaN. CHINAMAN? m'! Y i;07 -ir.df-flfcom-tlld Pram) «' > ) . . TheraHTe a nation iii the Wfist, ' . J -./, i .(A nation proud and liinh ; " ' O". Anrl they hivo sworn a solemn oath 1 .f'i'K.lcJohn Chinaman sliijulti:dic. > an-/ IffieyVmuggi'ed in a'filthy.drug . To addle his poor head . , -v 0 " And thoy have sworn- a solemn oath " — John' Chinaman was doad. ' i . . But when John folttho deadly ills , , ' , 1 That did thereby bofil,.. . y John Okiriaman rose up in wrath, 1 ' ' ' i "VVhioh sore dismayed thorn all. Soys he,;'',Ypu've filled. your treasure-bags, i - \ i . And made us, beasts enough ; . ,, . : "ou do without your silver ! i ' " ,'And wd'll do without your stuff !" , i.Thoroatthat nation inthe AVost, That nation proud and high, : i Sent fire-ships out, .and swore amain,.! - ,< i , j John Chinaman ahbuld.dio. \- They hammered down his" forts of stoney 1 - < »v . t. And all his oannon sunk; ..They out off evory pigtail, .!' And they souttlod every junk. j ' They tbbk'aseal and soalod him down, ( t -Put treaties oh his head; . - <And they 'have sworn a solemn oath ; John Chinaman was dead. r But, spite of druas, and guns, and pons, ' And rebels in bis land, ' John Chinaman got on hia feet ' » To make a further stand. ' 1 Says John, I want a pirate-wretch That rows in yonder boat; 1 . I ween'a thief's no less a thief Though he wears an English coat." Now, when that nation heard of this, , : i V. That nation proud and high, Thoy gave up swearing solemn oaths John Chinaman should die, " They swore instead, that'opoued wide i». ! John Chinaman should be; ; -.i As never native oyster yet , i The eye of man did see. ". And with their orucl shot and shell , \- They tore him part from part; John Chinaman' said but, i' Well, well, v.:! This won't get at ray heart." - ''A most Cruel Death.— On ' Friday _ morning, " Janhary 11, a prisoner sentenced to solitary con- j finement in the Michigan State penitentiary, and ; 'confined in one of the life cells, was' found deadl On .examination, the officers found that the'steam " pipe that passed through the cell to warm it had "burst during the night, and scalded the poor man ' dreadfully. His throat was cut, ' and an old knife was found in his cell with which the' deed- was committed. He undoubtedly cut his throat to escape being slowly cooked to death by the es caping steam, as no cry for help uttered by him could be heard by the keepers. — New York Herald. What the Government has Done. — The reduction of the estimates is the only course which remains, and as we are now in the second year of peace with our arsenals superabundantly supplied, the Government can have no pretence for saying that "the expenditure of the present year ought to exr \- ceed by £8,000,000 the amount to which,' on their own hypothesis, they will be restricted a few years hence. If a further reduction of the estimates for the present year is not possible, neither willit be r possible to effect the necessary saving in the four . following years ; and on this supposition the Go- ,'Vernment has no justification, for the relinquish ment of the greater portion of the tax. If the Inco'me;tax is really to end id 1860, the reduction of the national expenditure ought to begin at once, It is not for us to pronounce whether this is practicable or not. But if the debate should lead to a revision of the estimates, what is to be said' of a Government which first deliberately pre pared military and naval estimates to the ; amount of£'25, 000,000 — then cnt them down by £6,000,000 or £7,000,000, in obedience to agitation out of doors — and then finds the way to make a further large reduction at the bidding of the House of Commons? It is clear that the budget cannot stand as it is. — Saturday Review. Aiiolher Arctic Searching Expedition. — We un- / derstand that government has decided on sending another Arctic Expedition, to clear up, if possible, the mystery shrouding the fate of Franklin and his party. The expedition will, we believe, con sist of two vessels with auxiliary steam power, and be equipped in such a manner as to enable the most complete and exhausting search to be . made for our countrymen. Various reports— one of which haa just been made public by Captain ; Osborn— shows that in all probability the Esqui maux are in possession of at least sufficient infor- . xnation to enable us to arrive at a just conclusion respecting the fate of the Franklin Expedition. This is in a great measure confirmed by the in- telligence bi ought home by Dr. Rae, which, al though very insufficient and inconclusive iu itself, \- nevertheless leads directly to the logical deduction that' the natives who obtained possession of the ' Franklin relics are also in possession — if not of the. precise fate of the last expedition, at least of many more particulars respecting it than were ;; communicated to Dr. Rae. We have every rea- r son to expect that— narrowed as the field now is— : when search for the lost expedition will be made, ' such traces of it will be discovered as will enable us to know precisely the nature of the catastrophe which.terminated its eventful career ; for should the ships be broken up, there would still most ' assuredly 'be sufficient evidence found to tell the terrible story. — Athenanun. ' ' Baptism of Mormonites at Chesterfield. — A sin- ,'gular, and, it may be added, a most disgraceful scene took place on Thursday evening. On the outskirts of the town runs a narrow stream among the fields, called the river llother, over which, on .the Hasland-road, is a bridge called Stoney Bridge. This was the spot fixed upon for the performance of tue ceremony we are about to describe. About . 100-or 150 persons, chiefly women, are scattered on the verge of the water, waiting for the appear ance of the deluded fanatics who are to be "dip- ,ped." They call' to each other from opposite "sides, and crack jokes of a most indecent and shameless character. It is past eight, and quite dark ; the moon being obscured, and not a single star out to shed even a glimmer of light. Two or . ..three candles are brought down to the water, and /stuck in the mud by the side, and presently a . coarseish-featured man descends into" the middle of . the' stream, and takes up his position under the arch of the bridge. This is the priest who is to "perforin the ceremony. He lias nothing on but a '"pair of trowsers, tucked up at the knee, and a \- ; waistcoat with sleeves. He intimates to the atten dants that he is, ready, andin a few minutes emerge from a house two or three hundred yards off men ..(some half, and others entirely naked), and they , , walk over, the ground, which is strewed with ; pieces of broken bottles, bricks, and tiles, to the s.water. .They are 'compelled to pass through the women who line, the banks, and the remarks which . , "ensile are revolting and indelicate beyond descrip tion. , Onebyone they are received by the priest, who/amid shouts of laughter, dips each individual, pronouncing over them the 'formula — "I, being commissioned by Jesus Christ, baptise thee for the remission 'of sins, in the ' name bf the Father/ the Son, and the Holy Ghost." As he utters these " words, he: lays .them, beneath/ the water, and the '-'individual', who! is being baptized being in every casej, blinded .by ? the water, there is a struggle) to rise, and on several, occasions both priest and bap tized rolled over together in the stream. As may f he-.. imagined, this affords immense amusement ' to fthe mob, who testify, their approbation by -clapping- . > of hands, shrieks, and roars of merriment. We fi«vill"riot shock the reader with any attempt at description of the senue amid which the women were baptised. Enough has been said to show the . disgraceful travestie of religion which took place on that evening, and from which every man with a remnant of decency in his composition returned with feelings of deep shame and disgus.t.— Corres pondent of the Manchester Guardian, 