Horns!) Sfcctrijcs. FIRST FIT OF THE "GOLD FEVER." [CDSfMtrHICATKD, BY AH EX OOtD DIQ(3£*.J No. VII. ARRIVAI", OF THE GOLD POLICE. TOWARDS evening the word passed that the police had arrived, and camped up Eau-de Cologne Gully. Everyday constables would have been welcomed ; but, as " bees biz oot wi' angry fyke," so rushed tbe miners from one fire to another when the latter flashed in quick succession in the twilight, and dire were the vows then ratified against the pro posed license. Bonfires became the order of the night,' and the hollow murmur of hundreds of earnest voices along the flanks of the ridges came like the breath of that wind which is said to precede an earth quake. Boughs after boughs, with their resinous leaves, were piled on the flaming remnants of their fellows, and from Church hill to Newtown the scene was illumined with dazzling brightness. Dogs barked uneasily, and men growled and flitted around the fires like spirits hurled from the world, to wait, in serge and moleskin, for a passage over the Styx. The white limbed trees stood, calm and ghost-like, as if deprecating an outbreak ; the huge slaty rocks were tipped with silver; the crests of the mountains rose, sharply defined* against the sky; and the muddy stream reflected hack ib glowing sheets the light that burst through the trees and chequered its quivering surface. While we stood admiring the wavering hues that, spangle-like, played over a large quartz vein, a faint rattle of firearms pat tered down the valley, from Summerhill Creek. This was greeted with cheers, and a general rush to the tents for arms and powder. The storm thundered over Church hill, and came booming with a roar into the bed of the Junction. Thence it swept on, down both sides of the creek, blazing and crackling around us, and, pouring on wards through the gulch, died away into gentle taps at Newtown. Then breezing up, it came flashing back on the opposite bank, amidst cries of " Up and down " Sides, take your turn" Keep up the steam, my hearties;" &c.; Macgregor, Tomkins, and myself, were standing with the two guns and the pistols ready for the next turn down. " Ha," said \Iacgregor, " a bullet," as we heard a missile whistle through the head of a tree at hand, and a bundle of leaves dropped down. "One use of having been in the army:-liillo, over there, look out, an] draw the lead'" Tomkins laughed outright at Macgregor's idea that his voice would he heard. Spark, spit, puff, rattle, bang!-ivvay to Church-hill rolled the. ruddy glow, in a zig-zag line, while the echoing reports clashed together and were thrown off the Junction Point with a noise like thunder. The sharp crack of a rifle, followed by another, and another, turned the flank on Summerh ll Creek, and the Northern bank again spurted forth its jets of flame and puffs of smoke. The play was kept up till a late hour, when the atmosphere smelt strongly of powder, and collar-bones were sore from the kicks of rusty pieces. Yells of derision and threats against, the troopers, mixed with groans and screechings that would have done honour to the infernal regions, were howled out in liberal measure during this extraordinary scene, and the population {now about 3000) at last retired to their blankets with the perfect belief that the myrmidons of the law, if not greater than human, must be terrified out of a year's growth! How far this bravado succeeded I will yet tell. A PRIMITIVE HABITATION. My prospecting-tour met with poor suc cess, but a friend gave us a hint of a pass able point four miles below the Junction. After testing it by a few dishfuls, we re turned, and "humped our swags"-clam bering up the ridges, and then down again, Iby a short-cut half the distance of the ?creek route, which turned about like an S. After marking out a claim of 60 feet front age, b ick to the hill [" Nothing like cheek," said Tomkins-r-andorsed by Macgregor], we began washing out, and forgot that we had no calico to make a tent of. Sus picious-looking clouds roiled over from the westward, and flaws of wind came moaning round the poiuts. On the other side of the j creek was a precipice-0:1 this a steep hill, J with a plateau some 60 feet up, about the j size required to swing a cat round in. j This we chose For a site, and, cutting down a few saplings, built them up, roof-fashion, on the ground. We then stripped several young oaks of their branches, and dragging them up the hill, placed them on the skeleton frame with their butt-ends crossing each other, above the ridge pole. The western gable w is finished in like manner. Facing the creek, the end was left open, and a hearth of rough stones thrown together for a fire. When completed, we threw our blankets inside, and pitching some heavy j wood on the flames (lately fed by leaves to; enable us to perfect our structure) we made jtea; and, as the wind began to whistle, and j ^e rain to patter down, coolly thrust our > I6et nut before the fire, and hewed away at j a damper and a lump of salt beef with such gusto as to bring a dingo down the mountain on the other side of the creek. The starved animal stopped and howled bitterly when it saw, by the light of oar fire, there was no chance of a supper that night. I was rather tickled at the affair, and gave a few yells in return. This ex cited the anger of the dingo, whose noisy outbursts , became unbearable. With a huge junk of damper between his teeth, Macgregor grumbled out vengeance, and taking up one of the guns, ioaded with ball, let fly in the direction of the yells. While the echoes were playing at hide and seek among the rocks, the dingo gave a | snappish bark or two, and fled. We replenished the fire, and crept be i tween the blankets. The storm raged with | fury; the heavy rain was driven through our gunyab, and we were disturbed at times [ by a miniature edition of a shower bath. | However, being fatigued, we were enjoying j a tolerable nap, until, as day was tinging the eastern horizon, a strong scent of burn ing rags threw Macgregor and myself wide awake. On scrambling out, we found Tom Icins completely enveloped in a blanket, with one foot in the embers of the fire, his j boot toasting to a turn, and the blanket i singing slowly away. He was still sound I asleep! 