MEinoirjaxK nvxx hoxxgs. Bv Nimrod's Ghost. . Tlio happy change in the weather at tho closo of last week induced a better muster than lately, and it was a cheering Bight to see the number of sporting visitors as well as ' regulars.'1 Tlio moot was at Host Uoso's, of tho Devonshire Arms, Brighten, and by two o'clock there was a highly respcctablo field assemblod. Tho usual ' stirrup cup' was duly enjoyed on tho ' out-and- oomo-again ' principle, and everybody soomod in tho highoat spirits at tho prospect of tlio afternoon s fun. Mr. Watson being absent in the country, tho dutios of muster de volved upon Mr. Harry Bignell ; and, punctually to the advertised timo, ho gavo tho word to mount and away. A pleasant trot of a couple of miles brought us to the beach near Pic-nio Point, where tho hounds were unooupled, and tho customary preparations of girthing up and gotting ship-shapo oarefully entered into by all provident cavaliers. A quiet jog across tho neighbouring heath brought us on tho line of our dingo, and tho pack dashed off with a burst of melody that would have inspirod any true hoartetl hunter to faco a glass-bottled will. At a rattling pace thoy streamed away ovor tho plain, tho different rates of spood of our nags being discoverable in the first half-mile, for thoro was a regular tailing off amongst the outsiders. A short, though inorry gallop brought us to a Btiflish poBt-and-raUois tho take-off boing from thick heath. This rathor botherod many of the bost fonoers, and baulk succeeded baulk, until thoro was a confused mob of horsemen all minglod togethor and interfering with one anothor's motions. ' At longth Wizard was put vigorously at tho jump, Sam on Blaokboy being on ono aide, and a strangor on tho otlior. On rising, both swerved against Wizard, and knookod him cloan ovor, giving Mb rider a complete grosser, and making a pass ablo gap for those boliind. Howovor, ho was not hurt, and his horso was soon caught; but, at the noxt fence, taking it too fast, to mako . up for lost timo, ho got nnothor aomoraault with onually harmless rosultB. Tn deed, a spill or two only Bcems to mako his owner rido moro viciously. A fow moro jumps, which led to no further casualties than broken rails, brought tho run ning on to tho ' open' again, whon tho paco proved too aovere for tho quarry, and ho was run into in a heavy marsh. Tho diBtnnco covered was only about four miles, but it was ' a hollows to mend' all tho way. Nearly all tho fiold got up somehow, but with tlio majority it cer tainly was not by going straight. After indulging in lialf-an-hour's breathing timo, the bounds woro laid on a second timo, and soon mado it known that they wero on a burning trail. At tho first cot away, thoy booh threw up ; but Mr. Bigtiell quickly dooidod thoy had boon running liool, nnd gavo a cast round, whioh brought them right as a trivot. This timo thoro was no inistako in tho country that had to bo crossed, for threo-railors and' log foncoa loomod ahead without any chanco of avoiding them, and it wanted firm heart, hand, and hool to oricounter tho obstacloa. Goaohoo lod thoway ovor everything, noithor making baulk nor mis-, tako j and ho was gamely followed by Wizard, Don Juan, White Squall, Blackboy, Fa'.eaway, Popgoostho Woazol, and all others who had any pretensions to the first flight. Ono raspor, towards tho cud of tho run, caused Dou Juan's plucky rider to kisa mother earth, whioh ho took as a capital joke : and tlio samo fenco waa a stoppor to many who had hitherto managed to bo m tho ruck. Howovor, a neighbouring slip-panel lot thorn 'out of pound;' bo that thoy woro onablcd to boo tho finish. Tlio spirt lasted for a good six miles, with a couplo of momentary chocks ; and tbo fun waa brought to an ond closo to tho original starting point at Brighton. Mr. Biftnoll hunted tho hounds to tho satisfaction of ovorybody, encoring thorn on, or miking rapid cant3, iu tho truo stylo of a huntsman whoao lioart is in tho chaso. Liko Mr. Watson, ho rodo straight, and to tlio pack, nor did wo ovor soo Coaclico go better. Tho Ghost fcols it a duty to tako this opportunity of reminding certain folks that it is far from correct hunt ing praotico to rido in a slrin;/ at foncing work. A true oross-couutry inati picks hia own lino ; and thoro is nothing raoro dangerous nor unsportsmanlike than makiug a dead-sot to follow somo well-kuown rider over his chosen panel — verb. sap. 