MY GHOSTS. (From Household Words.) "I DO not believe in ghosts, because I have never seen one,'' said somebody to a philosopher, who replied, "And I do not believe in ghosts, because I have seen too many of them." As for myself, I believe in ghosts. I believe in ghosts, because I am constantly seeing and continually making them. If you will not tell anybody, I may confide my secret to you (a secret which, perchance, you may find one day worth more than all the nuggets of Australia), and tell you how I became a ghost-seer and a ghost-maker. I am a haunted man, descended from haunted mothers. Physiology may say what it pleases, but the nurses are the mothers of the boys, far more truly than the boys are the fathers of the men. When I was a heavy lump of an infant, I had once a nursing-mother who climbed up with me in her arms upon the scaffold of a house in course of construction. Of course, as I was a heavy lump, she set me down on the scaffold to rest herself after the fatigue I had oc- casioned her by my weight. Very naturally, too, as he was interesting to her and I was not, she gave to the young stonemason who had asked her up, her un- divided attention. Inevitably, also, by the truly infantile law of gravitation towards mischief, I toppled over and fell from the level of a first-floor down upon granite stones. This innocent young damsel was, I suspect, the mother of at least half a score of broken bones in my body. Moreover, I may genealogically trace to her the peculiarities inseparable from a nervous system, some of the cases of which have been fractured and several of its cords crushed and torn. The whole affair is explained satisfactorily by the nursery aphorism, "Brats are never out of mischief." The mother of my broken bones was the cause of my passing into the hands of the mother of my ghost- haunted mind. I passed many months of my infant life in the large garret of my father's house which was called the nursery, with a nurse whose sleep I dis- turbed in the night by my performances in the character of the squalling brat. Having such an early turn for theatricals, I was an infant Roscius in the part. The authorities, who knew much better than I, decided that I screamed for nothing at all. Deter- mined to secure her needful rest at all hazards, my ghostly mother frightened me into silence by conjuring up ghosts from the murkiest nooks of the night and the wildest glances of the moon. My ghostly mother kept her place a long time, because she managed me so cleverly. Trying unconsciously, perhaps, to cure like by like, long before any fuss had been made about the principle, she told me frightful stories to cure frightful sufferings, and successfully soothed or silenced fits of agony by deliriums of fear. The ghostly inheritance abides with me and I know I am not the only possessor of similar heritages. When naturalists enumerate the vegetal and animal ex- istences which follow man everywhere, they omit ghosts. Yet ghosts and sparrows follow men every- where. The older individuals and communities grow, the more do they become haunted by their ghostly parasitics - the comers-back, the beings seen, the spectres. The proverb says there is a skeleton in every house, and I fear there are ghosts in every mind. Delusions, illusions, and hallucinations, are stages on the road to insanity, monomania, mania, lunacy, imbecility, and idiocy. I may usefully indicate how far I was driven along this road by the artful energy and nightly labours of my ghostly mother. Delusions are produced by the passions which enthral the faculties whose business it is to guide the mind to truth. My sensations and my judgment were per- verted by fear. Illusions are errors of the senses which the mind corrects. When we are first seated in a railway carriage, and it begins to move on, the houses, banks, fields, cattle, trees, seem to be flying away, by an illusion of the sense of sight. An illusion is a perversion of the perceptive faculties to the extent of deceiving one of the senses. When the perversion extends to the brain, the mind, the perceptive faculty, the perversion is hallucination. When I was taught to see in the dark the forms of wild beasts, of tigers, alligators, and serpents ready to devour me - of black men and child-stealers coming to take me - and of serial forms in white sheets with corpse-like faces inviting me to the grave; my eyes, my faculties, my brain and mind, were trained to serve me falsely and supply me with hallucination. The mother who broke my bones was succeeded by a mother who fractured my mind. Under the sway of hallucination, the sufferer may hear voices pursuing him, calling him, and threatening him, while he is as deaf as a stone. Under the sway of hallucination, the sufferer when he is melancholy sees dreadful scenes, and when he is gay is enraptured with beautiful objects, and all the while is stone blind. Hallucination is like a waking dream. "A dream," says Voltaire, "is a passing madness." Esquirol says, "The hallucinated dream awake.'' M. Flourens says, "The wisest man is mad in a dream." Dreaming is not hallucination, and hallucination is not dreaming, but there are obvious resemblances between them. In dreaming, the brain is neither quite awake nor quite asleep. The mind is a wizard chamber of dissolving views. In dreams, the picture- ing power of the mind is active, whilst the attention, the judgment, and the will are dormant. In dreams, thc pictures pass off themselves, the dissolving views roll on, the images of the imagination shine and mingle uncorrected by the sensations and uncontrolled by the will. All the pictures apparently come and go incoherently. The recollections of dreams are confused and chaotic, but the recollections are not the dreams. The incoherence is not real. Proof of this fact is to be found in the observation that there is a similar incoherence in the recollections of the successive pictures of the waking mind, when the images of the chamber of imagery are neither domina- ted by the will nor observed with attention. There is always a relation to the order of occurrence of the sensations in the order of the ideas. The incoherence or the dreams of the sound mind is simply imperfect recollection, and the absense or dormancy of attention and volition. Dreaming is not hallucination, although like it. By means of his dreams, the wise man may be helped to understand hallucination. Hallucination is dreaming awake. Hallucination is the state in which the sensa- tions and the volitions are impotent to correct and control the pictures of the imagination. Hallucina- tion is the permanent impotence of the attention and the will. The machinery of the panorama runs on of itself, because the guiding hand has been struck with paralysis. My ghostly mother paralysed my will and my sight. My eyes saw the shadow of the night, and she, by the empire of her imagination over mine, made me behold among them hideous and dangerous creatures. The sense of sight showed me the moongleams, and she made them for me the white dead, who had risen, and who beckoned me away. She hallucinated me by the power of habit. The facility of doing a thing, acquired by doing it repeatedly, establishes the empire of habit. Preparing the way during the day, by her conversation, for the apparition of the night, she daily perverted my reason, and nightly diseased my imagi- nation, until I was habitually and completely enthralled by terror. You see, I was a bad child, I cried. After com- mencing life by obstinately breaking the first nursery commandment, in crying when told to be good, I grew into a wicked child by disliking the exemplary and amiable, the watchful and devoted creatures who scolded and frightened me. I cannot deny having slapped the check of my ghostly mother when sweetly told to kiss her before company. It would be tedious to tell how I was flogged and physicked, ridiculed and rebuked, to make me good. Many days of solitary imprisonment in a cellar, and long weeks of solitary confinement in a garret, did not cure the disorders of my imagination. Finally, the household debarrassed itself of me by sending me to day-schools. But I was incurable. At school I found the alpha- bet invested with a chevaux-de-frise of difficulties. The symbols were to me mystic, enchanted, unconquer- able and horrible. When I looked at them as they hung against the wall, they seemed positively terrible. They were painted in different colours upon bits of paste-board about the size of considerable panes of glass. They were all enchanted. As sure as death, they were all full of devils. When I looked at them, they danced zigzag; their angles went off like forks of lightning, their bows grew like rainbows, and their colours shot like the northern lights. How was I to catch a letter when every one of them could gleam away like a shooting star, a celestial cricket? How was I to learn them when they whirled round in pools of fire mist, with fairies, kelpies, tigers, dragons, whales and ghosts? My schoolmasters having quickly found out the great doctrine of the nursery, that I was a bad boy, treated me as an enemy to be subdued at all hazards. I was their enemy. I was an obstacle to their success, a slur upon their repute, an offence to their vanity. Leather blisters applied on the hands and on the legs, anywhere, everywhere, where in- effectual; and, doubtless to their great astonishment and benevolent disappointment, my ears were pulled and my head was knocked about, without the disper- sion of my ghostly phantasmagoria. The bewitched symbols only scowled the more wildly, - flashing, flit- ting, dazzling, grinning, threatening, like the spirit world of my own midnight couch. With the best will I could obediently bestow, I never caught more than occasional glimpses of the O, and transient catches of the apex of the A, or of the angles of the Z. At last a schoolmaster studied me. He was a young clergyman, who had picked up a few physiological notions during his studies. When he addressed a question to my class, he fixed his eye on me. I re- member well, and hope I shall for ever, how he called me up to his desk and spoke gently to me. Observing my utter confusion, he asked my schoolfellows ques- tions about me, and elicited a general opinion that I was not right in the head. Almost daily, whenever he observed wildness in my eyes, he sent me out to the playground to play with my marbles and my buttons. After a time, a mild-mannered boy, a year older than me, his nephew, joined me in my amusements. When he had gained my confidence, I intrusted him with my firm and fierce conviction that the alphabet was a hideous collection of spectres invented to torment little boys. My theory of human nature was a gener- alisation of my observations of my ghostly mother. I had no hallucinations respecting my marbles and buttons - a fact which was deemed conclusive proof of my perversity. The kindly boy once drew an A with a bit of stick upon the ground, and asked me defiantly if I could draw such a clever figure. I tried and did. He told me it was an A. I asked him, what is the use of it? He seemed puzzled to say. Drawing the letter A was an amusement which we adopted when tired of buttons and bowls. My 'Men- tor told me one day, as the most recent discovery in his science, the use of the letter A.; it was useful in spelling cat - c-a-t. Nothing daunted, I demanded the use of spelling cat when we could say it, plump and full; he triumphantly told me we could not read about cats in books without spelling the word. This gentle boy, whose name I never knew, had a mother who used to stop with me in the street and speak kindly to me. She was shabbily dressed, and, ever since, I have felt a grateful gush whenever I have chanced to meet a similarly-looking and seedily-attired gentlewoman. Whether it was in compliance with advice, or because I could play without costing any- thing a quarter, I was taken away from school and told to play near home. I played near home for several years. As I grew stronger, the words near home became elastic, and my range of playground gradually extended over a couple of parishes, two miles of sand shore, and as many of rocky coast. I wandered along the banks of a canal, of several streams, and two rivers. I explored woods and climbed hills. As long as I continued weakly, I found boys generally very willing to fight me. I pre- ferred solitude to their society. I was not afraid of plants, and I became geographically acquainted with every kind of vegetable production, from the red sea- weeds of low water among the rocks, to the plants which grow upon the roofs or ancient churches. I knew were to find several kinds of stones. All animals frightened me, except birds. When I first saw a frog leap, I shrieked deliriously. The truth is, I had not a particle of physical courage. Gradually, however, as my health increased, I conquered every fright, and attacked all animals, up to dogs and bulls. I learned courage from stinging insects and pinching crabs. When I approached work-folks, they usually asked me surlily why I was not at school, and I answered, 'There is something wrong in my head," Much practical science was taught me by men whose business it was to work stones, plants and animals, in ways useful to society. I ploughed the fields with ploughmen; I reaped the sea with fishermen; and I sailed far voyages and fought in the Peninsula where I listened to the yarns of sailors and soldiers. I ad- mired everybody and everything. As I gave such convincing proofs of sound judgment, my friends declared generously, and unanimously, I had head enough to learn anything. When about ten years of age, I was sent to school once more; at twelve, I was dux of a class of boys of fourteen; and at twenty, I gained some of the highest honours of an university. My college life did not, however, pass away with- out a memorable return of my hallucinations. On my first appearance at an examination made an- nually with antique solemnity, my vanity prompted me to make a needless display of Latinity. For months previously I worked eighteen hours a day; during the preceding fortnight I studied day and night. When I was called up for public examination by three professors in their robes, and was seated in an immense old chair in presence of a large audience of my fellow-students, I felt my nerves giving way. The sway of my ghostly mother asserted itself once more. As I had the passage of Virgil on which I happened to be examined by heart, I went on, at first mechanically and fluently, until the letters began their old capers - forking, bulging, shooting, flashing, swerving the page, diminishing the type, expanding the book - with clouding, flying, mocking, menacing things between me and it - and I made a dead stop. The examining professor gave me the word I had lost. There was a long pause. At last the professor said: - "I am surprised;" and I replied: Si-si-sir, I can neither see nor hear." No one laughed at me, if I may believe what I was often as- sured. However, I have never read a page of Horace or Virgil since I left college, such was the bitterness of my youthful mortification. Prior to my public humiliation I read Horace and Virgil for the pleasure they gave me, but ever since I left college I have never construed a page of a Latin classic; my readers can judge whether in this respect I am much like other folks, or am peculiarly a weak and vain fellow. Moreover, my juvenile disease of stammering, came back in my trouble: a disease symptomatic of torn or over-stimulated nerves. The affectionate nursery theory of my stammering was, that I was taking time to think what fib I would tell. Thanks to my infantile experiences, I have always had a profound sense of the fragility of the human mind. This conviction is one of the most salutary of all creeds. Stammering, trembling, and hallucinated, I could scarely fail to begin life with a lively sense of the fra- gility of my own faculties, at any rate. Observation has not given me a much better opinion of the solidity of other folks, who never fell from scaffolds and were not scared at nurse. A strong-minded woman once said: "Well I do not think there is anything would drive me mad." A studious man answered, "Madam, you might as well say there is no weight which could break your back." I am of opinion, after all I can oberve in this world, that there are no likelier subjects of insanity than the like of her. As I find myself be- coming a grey mariner upon the sea of life, I perceive a curious generalisation forcing itself more and more upon my attention. Youth and age, birth and death, appearances and results, are more completely contra- ries than is generally thought. I have seen my very strong-minded acquaintance become mad; the remark- ably healthy folks who were never ailing are dead; not a few of the very devout have turned out rogues and jades. 'Stammering and ghosts are both curable diseases. When I began this paper, of course, the afflatus was purely benevolent, and not in the least gossipy, which inspired me to tell everybody how such evils may be incurred and confirmed, mitigated and cured. There is an alchemy which can transmute many of our mis- fortunes into benefits. Stammering is the insubordi- nation of the pronunciation to the volition, and is cured by all exercises which regulate the pronunciation by the volition. Scanning and reciting verses in the dead languages implies habitual regulation of the voice by the will, and cured me of the disease of stammering. I have quite cured myself of the ghost pest by making ghosts. The study of the imagination con- vinced me that the only way to lay the ghosts I in- herited, was by setting up a small ghost factory of my own. Combating ghosts by ghosts, the natural has gradually been replaced by the manufactured article, and the spectres which gave me pain have been chased away by benign shades which give me pleasure. The manufacture of my ghosts is easy and simple. Wherever I reside I find out the ancient residences of remarkable persons, the memory of whom is fitted to increase the love of truth and justice. Portraits and descriptions enable me to recall from the dark of the past, the dead of distant days. Whenever I visit the towns in which they have lived, I call upon my ghosts more assiduously than upon my friends. I see them as they lived. Knowing from their writings, their thoughts, I freely discuss with them their opinions. Laugh at me as you may, it is to the device of volun- tarily creating such good ghosts, that I owe my eman- cipation from the hideous phantoms which enslaved my childhood. A COSTLY FUNERAL. - At the Kingston Assizes, on 22nd March last, the executors of a gentleman officially connected with the North Western Railway, were sued by Mr. William Alexander, undertaker, of Havertock Hill, Hampstead, for the expenses attendant upon his funeral. Some inaccuracy having appeared in the report of the case, Mr. Alexander, the plaintiff, wrote to the Times a few lines by way of correcting their mistake. From his letter we obtain some in- sight into the rate of funeral charges exacted amongst the upper classes. He says: - "The report in your paper is not correct, and is calculated to do me serious injury. There was no "brassbound coffin," and my bill contained no charge for a new suit of clothes and a black silk scarf for the man in attendance to show the coffin. There was a charge of 13s. for a silk hat- band and gloves. The 'navvies' who followed the deceased to the grave were his old confidential foreman and men, and were selected by Mr. Shelly, one of the executors. The charge for the funeral was £188 12s. 6d.; for the grave, expenses out of pocket, £55 11s. 10d., for complimentary mourning sent after the funeral to the friends of the deceased and the principal officers of the North Western line, £161 0s. 9d.; in all £405 5s. 1d." 