? WOLLOISONG LITERARY AND DEBATING ? SOCIETY. The Dkk(Misatioi«. b. Th.'. Natiokai. System ov Education. On Tuesday evening last, the above society mot to dis cobb *' Tbo llelntivo Merits of tho Denominational nnd National Systems of Eduction *s at present existing.' Tho great importance, r.nd correspondent interest, of this question llllH ilidaced us to depart from our ordinary ?worse !n rut'erenco to reporting the proceedings of the above Society, and t«J report the doljal-o cm it in cztcnxo. Tho attendance was very jjxrcd, but would, no doubt, .h&re; been much better were it not far the very threat ening eipct rsshhuv) by the weather towards sunset on I the evening of tiio meeting. . As it was, tho room wus comfortably filled with ladies, members, and visitors. In the nbionce of tho President — and ti:e Vice-President ..being tfcc opunor of the debate — Mr- R. II. Owen was ejllcdTiTthc chair. Tho Rev. T. C. Wring was then . ballottodin a member of the socicv, and , Mr. John Garrett rose to open tho debate on the above question, After some general remarks as to tho neces sity of education being imparted, and as lo the present lamentable state of the colony in that particular, pro ceeded r.s follows Whon ho considered that the province of Government to seenro t..i largest amount of personal security, with tho greatest amount of personal liberty compiitiblo with that ond, ho could not doubt but that 'to educate the people is one of its first duties. Again j the Government being but an emanation from the people, who compose the state, tho revenue— of which they (the Government) are tho custodiers — is a ' common fund subscribed to by itnd for the benefit of all, tho amount nccessary for carrying out so desirable an ? object could not bo considered a misappropriation of that fund. It was scarcely necessary to discuss this feature of the question, for there are no other than Government schools in tho colony. The education tho Government are enllcd upon to provide — and that alone in which it has any concorn — is 0110 which, by cultivating tho reason, judgement, habits, and dispositions of the cuildren, would fit them to become good mid useful members oi society ; or, in other words, the principles which regulate their duty to themselves and their follownien. In curry ing out 6ueh a system, it ought to be so devised that I. juHiico should bo done to all tho members of tho State, I*:, irrespective of either race or creed. Having said so mncli by way of making, his way clear, tie would now . ' oonifi he s.ml, to the subject of the evening's discussion ; ,? namely, 'The Relative Merits of the Denominational . and National Systems of Education, as at present car ried out in tSo colony.' Ho placed tho Denominational the first, braauto it was the oldest, having had possession of l/ie fioH for a period of 4' years; and whatever good the® wib in it they would think this an ample period for i its dovelepmont. 47 Years would carry them back to ISO- but the first official document, bearing on the 1 snfei.t lie had been able to procure was one connected 1 j Church and School Corporation; from which he I . 'bat in 1826 they had ,17 schools, and in 1831 they l. 10, managed at a cost of nearly £10,000 per year. J. j 'e audience would fancy — tho Danoininationalists ,.J, ? Mng the field to themselves, and the population beiiig i.-.i. nnarso, and so largo an amount being at their dis , 1 Jsal— that there would not have been an Uneducated ,,V: in the colony., If thoy did not improve the favor (:iio so.iRon, tho fault must Jmve been either in the stem- or inthe management. He would not be.untler «od ai saying it was, then callod the Denominational ?-lom in con tradistinclipn to any other — for there wer# 5 (into that obtained state support but itnelf— but because ?i-i!.:' WUt*. essential features it, was the same as that which ' 1 now. failed Denominational. After, speaking of the . onstitution of the Board, ho continued lie could not ? jJE. P.i?° moment suppose that -the respective denomina tions. «OtUd admit 1oV~tii-)ir_intej;j^.ej1fi-e jn the' nuuinge- \- mailt ot the seuooM-r-citlier hi- tlio—iipfiuiirnficvrd^wi .'.mastors, or Ming the .amount. and -payment of their salaried; or in any other way. These matters Were left, to tho heads of the different religious bodies and the cleruy under them. In the schools, tho ordinary nidi* } ments of education were taught, in addition to the for ? jjiuhiries uf thoir respective creeds And, further, their i schools were opened by prayer ; and in them — the Pro testant portion :it least— the Bible was used as a Class ii iok. lie liere remarked that, according to the report ot 1856, they had 171 schools — namely, Church of Eng land, 88 ; Presbyterian, 14 ;. Wesleyan, 8 ; Church of ' Home, 61 : having on their books,' 14,480 children: averago daily attendance, 9,721 : educated at a cost of , £13,628 3s. 6ii. The National system, as at present constituted, hod been in operation 8 years, and was governed by a- Board of Commissioners,' ;who were ap pointed by the Government. H«| (the speaker) noticed in detail 'the regulations for^thejr. government, and ob served : From their rules, it would lie perceived that ? the te.ichors were appointed by the Board after duo ex f.. animation. There was no middle man to Interfere, as ? long as the rules were observed, and his personal charac ter such as the public have a right to expcct. They (the . wasters), are independent in act ion, and free from the : whims or caprice of anyone. Tho Board wore appointed lor tho solo purpose of promoting tho efficiency of the : schools, and have no other interest to Berve to which edu cation was to be subordinate. If, then, we might look for elhciimfc.V,' under any circumstance, it mustbe hero. Then\ (tho Commissioners') position is honorary ; there fore, neither. directly nor indirectly can they have any interest to serve further than to provide an efficient edu cation tor the neglected children ; of. the colony. He v-tvohKI .proceed, he said, to 'enquire iiito the working of t(ie^two .systems; arid -liiey^(ihe audience) would then . i.eo whether or not the1 hopes aiul''cx|iectalious of the rospective ? parties were realised. The Denominational «\ stem, is designed to meet the educational requirements ut tho respective religious bodies. In order to effect ; this, school-houses have to be eieoted, masters appointed tn teach, along 'with other things, their distinctive reli gious .ereeds ; and, in order to secure, such a result, the Ministers have the supervision'. For this purpose — and tor this alone— tho grant is mule. Aiid, in order toyive fair'-play, they have each a guardian on the Board. Now, he a-ked, was this done ? He knew a school that returned GO scholars, classed tin follows . 54 belonging to various communions, -ami fi' to the body whose name it bore — and out of these 4 belonged to the master himself. Yet this was called a Denominational school ! — and re ceived funds as such. None of these intended to observe either tho letter or tho spirit of the grant they so eagerly contended for. In , one, there is a specific rule* as follows': ? ' Children of other, denominations, will be admitted to the Churoh of KngluVid schools, and be allowed to par take ol the complete Church I'Miicatiou' — but they mav withdraw from any portion of it, being allowed to 'retire dimiig any, lesson which the parents shall specify iii .. writing, when they eiiter children at school. Tlius, luuds granted for a specific purpose, are expended upon another! . Wlmti ho nsked, would this be called by the uniualbd .but obtaining money under false pretences. However, lie remarked, the frionds of this system might boast ot it, it- was clear that it could not'be Ihoii'estly carried out, he doubled even in large towns, but certuinlY not. in country districts. If no, the result would be that, in every locality they should have four schools, and tho number- in each would be ' so small as to starve tho master, whilst to the State tho expenses would be enor mous. There are other religionists, who under this system .have no provision made for tho instruction of their children. He then contrasted the National system with tho other. Instead of four schools one would suffice, in which the neglected sects would even be accommodated, and the pittance doled out to tho four masters would be .more than enough for one, who, instead of being starved in body and harassed in mind 'with what he should eat, or what he should drink, or wherewithal he should be clothed' could direct his whole energies to the discharge °t h«fe-ol duties — give money's worth for a liberal .salary HBlio *the evident advantages of this system were such— being adapted to tho circumstances of tho colony — he would think' tho mouth of every gainsayer would be stopped. But such was not tho case. The contest be tween tho two systems commenced in 1836, and continued to tho present .time, and although the objections had been answered they still continue to be put forth. What are they! That the system is 'infidel' and 'irre- ligious' That, there are no sectarian dogmas taught he admitted and that the Bible was not read as a class book, he would also freely admit. Tho system, to meet tho requirements of tho colony, wisely prohibited such instruction, instead of which extracts from tho sacred volume were read daily. What do they contain ? The Creation, Fall of Man, Original Sin, the Promised Messiah, the Covenant with Abraham, the Moral Law, tho Prophecy of Israel ; from tho Old Testament. From tho New Testament: The Nativity, Life, Ministry, and Death, and Insurrection of our Saviour, His Ascension into Heaven, and the descent of tho Holy Ghost. Surely, where such instruction was given, tho charge of being irreligious is unfounded. He thought all the funda mental truths were taught that was necessary for a plain Christian. Here are the sublime truths of Christian love — tho very essence of Christianity. Listen to what tho Bishop of Sydney says, and surely their oppo- nents will bow to his authority, ' Tho selection of portions of Scripture suitable for Advent, tho Nativity, Death and Resurrection of our Lord, His Ascension, and tho sending of tho- Holy Ghost, will in a short compass; give a complete history of man's redemption, and an exposition of a Christian's Hope.' But in order that they might have nothing further to object to, Ministers of all religious persuasions were invited to visit the schools to give separate religious instruction to tho chil dren of their own faith. Now he would contend, it was not ncccssarv that religious instruction should be given at the same time and place as secular instruction; nor was it the duty of the teacher to givo religious instruc tor That was the province of tho Minister, or tho parents. The Bishop' of Sydney says tho same. But the grounds of the objections of the clergy lies deeper, ha believed, than those already named. The National system ignores their authority in its management ; they cannot interfere. He would ask is such authority desirable. The Denominational master is under them, and what is the result. His position is a dependant one. Ho had known an instance where the printed rules had been set aside — the most palpable injustice committed. Appeal there was none, for it was useless, for the Board said when appealed to thev could not interfere. He be lieved it was to this fact tliey were to look for tho many changes that took place in the masters of the schools. He would como to their own locality for nn illustration and proof. The Church school, of his own knowledge, had had seven masters within a like number of years. He had had frequent personal intercourse with several of these masters, and believed thorn to be well qualified for their office, and if they had been employed by the National board, other circumstances being the same, thev might havo remained for years. Tho fault is in the system. The Eoman Catholic school, as regards tho number of masters lins not been much better.' Look on the other : the National school has been open for six years, and but one master. Was the cause of this in the men, or in the system, ho asked. There is another phase in the question that he could not overlook, and that was the misappropriation of the educational grant. From his own knowledge of the working of the system, ho was led to the conclusion that education is a subordinate matter to the interest of the Church. The nviditv with which tho various receiving sects grasp at ground in now townships, and from private persons, shows clearly enough that to predominate as sects, and as religious corporations to accumulate property, is their leading motive. If ministerial interference is beneficial, how was it that ' education, was at so low nn ebb in England— where they have had the control for ages, with ample means at their command; and, as he had already remarked, they have had the best opportunities in tho colony. They had failed themselves, and they would not let others take their place; They were something like Moliere's physician, who would rather his patient would die than be cured by other than orthodox means. So with them (tho Denomi nationalists) ; they would rather that the children should go without education — live in ignorance, and sink into crime — than that such education should do other than. i.inKi.^11— Kii-ceciusiaanuar-vuiiuini/T-^nii— uujecnOIi. had been taken to the National system on account of its expensiveness : that it had received £20,000 to educate 6C00 children, while the Denominational had only re ceived £14,000 for the same number (14,000) of children. It was to be borne in mind, he said, that the National System was only eight years ol J ; — it hnd evervtliing to provide — teachers' residences, school-houses, antf nil other appliances. It was tliiis exposed to expences the other was free- from. According to tho showing of a petition, in the Mercury of tho previous week, for 1855 tho National system was expending upwards of £10,000 in buildimjs, whilst the other Was expending £74— all tho rest going in current expenses. All the property of the National system was national property, belonging to the State — and not that of any particular sect. The meeting might draw its own conclusions: from ? these figures. Indeed, this very £10,000 worth ,of State pro perty would be increased by the contributions of the people of the different localities where schools were founded by £5000 more. The favor in which tho Na tional system was held ill the district was evinced by the fact that thero were five schools being built, or about to bo commenced, at the present timo; and lie had no doubt they would eventually supercede the De nominational schools, whose days were already num bered. . . ? The Rev. T.. O'VEwing then rose to speak to the question. His speech occupied about an hour and a half, and we are not able to give moro than an outline of it. He said that when the Nationul System was introduced, its friends, in Council only asked fair play for it — wished it to be placed on the same footing as the Denominational. They would not destroy the Denomi national, but on equal ground show the superiority of the National system. He always suspected all these pro fessions; had always thought that the National system was ,i lion in a lamb's skin. It had proved itself to be so : it has now the lion's share of the Educational Grant. It has been petted and pampered. It. eats up our portion ; wo_ aro starved. I-le referred to the National school buildings in Fort-street, Sydney, and in Wollougoiig, to show that it is the. pet of certain men ill power. But though _the Denominational system is required to make bricks 'without straw, it has shown itself to be more generally useful and much more economical than the National system. For £2,000, they educate 5,000 children. For £14,000 wo educate' 15,0u0 children. Thoy got £11,000 to build and repair school houses. Wo for the same purpose get £74. Is this fair? Is it honest? lie spoke of. the good the Denominational u ystem had done, of members of Council who hod been educated by it. Ho said that its salutary etlWits had been shown iii the Hawkesbury district, llo objected to the National system, and said its name was a delusion and a snare. That it had imposed on numbers of emigrants. They thought that it was tho ISnglish National system nnde'r the care of the Church of England, and which was established in 1813. When they kiiew that it is ' the Irish system,' with a new name, they removed their children and sent them to Denominational schools. In no sense is it National. The religious Denominations are opposed to it.. The Jews dislike it ; nor can a con sistent Unitarian avail himself of its teaching. Ho charged it with sectarianism and inconsistency. For, whilst professing to teach none ^ of the ' distinctive doctrines of religion, , it teaches tho divinity of Jesus Christ and certain facts connected with his life and passion. Whilst professing to bo neutral in religions matters— to exclude the Bible— extracts fioin the Itoman Catholic and Protestant Bible, and soino notes of the former, are met with in their class bonks. If the children read the class books, thoy muni rend portions of the} Bible. This oll'ends the Koinnnist and disgusts' the Protestant. Moro of the Holy Scripture than the former wants is forced upon him; ho loathes tho IVbtestiiiit Bible, and every part of it, iri the vulgar tongue, yet he comes in contact with extracts from it in tho ,. National Schools. In the schools in connexion with the Cimirch of England this diflieulty is avoided, all may take advantage of oar schools. We attend to oar own children in religious matters, but tho children of other Churches wo never interfere with ; thev may not read tho Bible c-- the Cateohisni. IJa declaimod against the National system tor its exclusi* 'iiess. It does not permit him, under any circumstances,- - to avail himself of its school rooms to preach the Gospel of Christ ; the doors woro shut against niin. 'This is not the practice of the religious denomi nations. He knew a case in a neighboring colony where a Presbyterian Minister obtained the u*e of. a 'Roman Catholic school room for the purpose of religious worship. Ho n-gued that tho National system cannot permanently bo established : — 1st. Because all the four denominations are opposed to it. Tn 183G they made common cause against it, and the feeling of the colonists is opposed to it. Ho referred to what Mr. Martin said lately at Hartley, vis., that religious and sccular education should go hand in hand, and that without tho co-operation of tho clergy no system of education could succeed. 2nd. It is a prayerless system. The teachnr is not permitted with tho scholars to ask God's blessing on his labors. 3rd. It ignores tho Bible as such. The whole Bible is not used in National schools, yet tho whole Bible is God's Word. Nor does it make any provision for the religious instruction of children in the most important departments of divine knowledge. Tho teacher is not permitted to tell his scholars that tliey aro saved by faith in Jesus Christ only. He said, referring to the rulo that Minister's of religion, at a certain time weekly, may attend to giyo religious instruction to children of their own communion, that in eomo cases, however disposed a Minister might bo to avail himself of the rule, this is impracticable. For example ; if schools be established at Imlf a dozen places in this district, ns is proposed, how could lie attend weekly to give instruction. But he told tho meeting very plainly that he would not, in this or any other way, countenance the National system, that this mode of giving religious instruction ministered to sectarianism, and was likely to nourish bigotry. For the several Ministers, acting as the Board indicates, would impress tho youthful nund unfavorably with respect to tho unity of the faith and tend to raise party walls higher than they are, which is undesirable. Referring to the pamphlet published by the National teachers he said that they should have published 'A.'s' letters as well as their own. Then the whole case would have been before tho public instead of the half of it. He said that they make statements without proof, give assertion for argument, and quoted parts of it to show the incon sistency of the writers. Ho dwelt particularly on a statement made by the Bishop of Sydney in his' lecture on Sabbath schools and which is used by the National teachers in favor of their system, and showed that what might suit such schools would be unsuitable for National schools. That in Sabbath schools religious instruction is communicated orally, as well as by boons; when this is done in National schools the Bishop's words will be applicable to them, but not till then. He taunted 3Ir. Garrett with inconsistency in having identified himself with the Affiliated College movement. In this college, would be communicated religious and secular knowledge. He would givo the rich u Denominational education and keep it from the poor. He quoted from the speeches of the Revds. Mr. Wilkinson ana Mr. Gaud to show how these gentlemen abominated the National system, and said that Wesley's College at Kingswood was established on tho Denominational principle. - The objections to the Denominational system- he answered thus: — 1. Teachers should not lie- required to teach religion; this is the Minister's duty. Answer .- They are as qualified surely to teach children ns laymen are to. teach adults. Wesleyan local preachers do tiiis : Mr. Garrett is a Wesleyan. ' 2. Your teachers are inferior. An'l'er : This has not been shown. My experience is thatgjthey generally are superior men. But the high salaries given by the National Board is a bait whereby some of our best teachers have been taken from us. He lost one - by these means, but he came back to the Denominational Board. 3\. The parents, not tho teacher, should give religious in struction. Answer: Will the masses do this ? Are they doing it? In a recent Empire a statement was made to the effect that three-fourths of the colonists are addicted to habits of intemperance ; would yon entrust the religious education of children to such persons. 4. The Clergy have absolute power over the teacher. Answer : This is denied ; the rules he produced to show that no master can be removed without the sanction of the Central Board. He described the constitution of the -Central and Local Boards to show how largely the lav. element predominates m inem over the- T.-iical. This would prevent the Clergyman, if disposed, from exercising undue authority over the teacher. He submitted that the Denominational system should be encouragcd and ex tended thus : — Each denomination should have assistance from Government for a school when able to muster the minimum number of children at present required by the National Board. The Government assistance would be contingent, not only on members but also on tho faithful carrying out of the principle that the children of all denominations different from that of the denomination to which the school belongs may enjoy all the advantages of the secular education, free from religious interference. The Government should exercise a strict supervision. Ho spoke at length on the value of a religions education —referring to De Tocqueville and Alison in support of his statements. He referred lo the latter especially to show that' reading and writing do not prevent crime. ' He pointed to the effects of a religions education in . Austria and Scotland, and empliMticnlly declared that ft religious education had mado the Piteairn Islanders, now of Norfolk Island, _ the glory of the Christian Church. Ho said that the wise statemen knows the value of the religious element in ruling society, and that without it 110 nation would cohere. The principles of Christianity are the sure basis of morality ; to separate them from n secular education is to extract the oxygon from the moral atmosphere, and spread moral disease and spiritual death through tlie length and breadth of the oolony. The time allotted by the rules of the Socioty for dis cussion having passed considerably, it was considered desirable by some that the further debating of tlie qupstion should be postponed, some thought till the next night of meeting, others till tho following /Wednesday night, -arid others that it should beconcluded that night. Eventually, after some discussion, it wa's moved bv the Rev. Mr. Ewing and seconded by Mr. Itogers, that the debate should be concluded that night, and carried by a small majority. Mr. Clarice remarked that he had listened with great pleasure to tho able and eloquent manner in whioh Mr. Garrett had defended the National nystem. He thought that, under all circumstances, it would be unbecoming in liini to take any prominent part in debating the subject under^ discussion. He could not however refrain from repudiating the unwarrantable attack -upon .the National system madoby the Itev. gentleman, and at once denounced it as illiberal, uncharitable, and un-christian in the highest degree. Sir. Clarke then proceeded to give a statistical account of the attendance at his school for some time past_. He had been now six years a, teacher, of the National school, during which period, notwithstanding the existence ol two Deiiominatioii.il schools, he had ad mitted no less than 4 GO boys and girls, .including the sons of many of the surrounding gentry. : The total averago of the daily attendance of boys and girls for 1854, 1855, and 1856, amounted to 898, For. the past quarter the . number admitted was 43 ; discharged 14 ; the average daily'atteiidanco amounted to :78 pupils, and the number on tho rolls , at present -.amounted to l?0. Mr. Clarke concluded by observing that 'notwithstanding, the opposition, fair and otherwise,- which was beiii' brought to bear 'against it, notwithstanding the hard sayings uttered by the previous speaker, lie 'implicitly be lieved that it would still continue to receive a fair share of public patronage. ? ' Mr. Rogers said lie. would take that opportunity, in allusion to some conversational remarks as to the piesent musters of the different schools in Wolrongong, of bearing his testimony to the very great zeaf and ; efficiency of Mr. Clarke, the teacher of the National' school. lie felt the more bound to make these remarks as he was in favor of the Denominational system. Mr. Thomas Gnrrett, on rising to speak, said that lie was placed at considerable disadvantage, as he had, from his knowledge of tho opener of the debate and of the fact that he (the opener) would be followed bv the Rev. Mr. lining, anticipated that the debate would 'have been adjourned, and ho (the speaker) would then have lipen, perhaps, prepared to enter into the merits of tho subject. As it was, ho said, he was not prepared to do nioie than refer to some of the arguments and statements put forward by the second speaker, for the purpose of refuting or cor reeling them. That 'ontleman had appealed to the results of the Denominational system as displayed bv the superior persons it had sent forth in'o the world from its schools, but he (Mr. G.) felt ho was justified in asserting that the National system had produced ablo and aeeom' plished scholars, and that. when itlind been in .existence *o long as the Denominational system, its supporters would be able to point lo a iiir larger number of sound and efficient scholars than tho opposite system now could. With reference to tho statement put forward by Mr. Ewing that the parents of children might, by giving a notice to that cffcct, have their children exempted from the religious instruction imparted in their schools, the speaker admitted that it sounded very fair and feasible in theory, but ho would ask the meeting whether it would be generally adopted in the case of poor and ignorant parents ; lie was of opinion that in nine cases out of ten no enquiry would he mado by such parents as to the quality or 'quantity of religious' instruction that would be imparted to their children, before they were sent. It had been asserted, ho said, by Mr. Ewing that teachers who bad been turned away from the Denominational schools for drunkenness had been afterwards engaged by the Board of National Education. Now, he asked, did not this gratuitous assertion tell equally aguinst the Denomi national system ? If they wi-re never engaged in that system, he need not tell them they could not have been turned out. Were they drunkards- before they «tsre engaged, or did the system make drunkards of them ? 'I he speaker then alluded to the assertion of Mr. Ewing that the Bible was virtually excluded from the schools under the National system, und to that gentleman's re marks as to the impossibility of certain creeds using the lesson books used in those schools. He contended that there was no force in thosn objections, and, to support this assertion, read the following extract from the evidence given by Sir Charles Nicholson before u Committee of the Legislative Council in 1854: — 27\. Br tue Attosxev General: Aro you aware that in tho evidence taken before the Committee of the Imperial Parliament some years ago, these objections to the compilations of the books of tho Old nrid New Testament wcro all fully gone into, and I believe satisfactorily oxplnined even to the' opponents of the system at that time ? I would observe that many persons object, as I think most inconsistently, to tho system of compilation. 1 think a moment's retteciion would show how irrational that objection is. In the l'rayer Book of the Church of England you have extracts taken from the Old and Now Testamnnts. Nobody objects to the hook of Common Prayer because it is a compilation. Again, the Bibto, either in tile authorised or Douay version, is not prohibited in our .schools, except for common reading. We do not require Unman Catholics to read the English version, or Protestants to read the Douay version. Therefore we make selections from tho two versions, which the heads of tho two Churches lutve ngreed upon. If tiiey nre not satisfied with that each can read the whole Mible ill Iheir own version, in separate nnd detached classes, for tho promotion of whieh due legulations have been made. Now, lie asked, would not tho meeting accept this as n refutation of the statements he had alluded to. He then eulogised .Sir Charles Nicholson for his unwearied and enlightened .efforts in the cause of education. The speaker said he attached so much importance to a sound religious education beiii'; imparted, that he thought none but those wlio had been trained and educated for that purpose ought.tp be allowed to do it ; that it ought not to be left in the hands of secular teachers to impart religious in-, struction ; and that, thinking this, he could not but express it ns his conviction that the ministers of the different denominations did not fulfil their duty unless they used every effort to educate the lambs of their own flock in religious education, wherever they were to be found. In support of this view he read an extract from the evidence before quoted, as follows : — 35\. The clergyman must depend upon an assistant for the per formance of these duties ? I hold it to be one of tlie most important duties of a clergyman to give religious instruction to the young. I think it more important that ho should give such instruction to the young than to the old. I do not think he should delegate this duty to tho schooimsster.- -I think It Is 'a renunciation of the mbst important part .of his .office, if .ha neglect to attend to this I matter in person ; and whether a school be a National or a Denomi? i national one can be no excuse for a clergyman neglecting so imr portant a duty. If he be the spiritual guardian of his flock, tho children should bo the special objects of Ms care ' We havo com municated with the clergy, invited them to fix their own hours, and, if thoy could not attend themselves, to appoint some one who should catechize the children ; wa have, in fact, invited their co operation in 'every way. -? The, National system of education had been charged, lie said, as being a 'sectarian ' system, and an '? infidel ' system. ;Now, this was an evident contradiction. .No system could_ be* infidel and sectarian at the one time, because, the chnrge ot' iu ftdt'h l,y iinplif!!.] fimi :uma of the. truths of Christianity should be taught at all, and, this being tho case, it followed as a natural consequence that the system could not be sectarian. He contended that the National system was neither sectarian nor infidel, but that it was catholic in the most comprehensive sense of that word, and tluYwns the true reason why the bends of the different denominations so exerted themselves against it. Again, he said, if it were an infidel system, -tvould clergymen, renowned for their zeal and piety, be found among its supporters, together with some of the bestin formed and most conscientious of the leading men of the day in this colony and eleswhere. The asser tion bore its own refutation with it. In reference to the remarks of Mr. Ewing ns to the inconsistency the oponor of the debate had shewn in supporting the movement in connection with the Wesleyan Affiliated College, the speaker said there was 110 inconsistency, because that college wus to be founded for the purpose of imparting religious education to Wesleyans attending the University for the purpose of boinir secularly educated only. He said it. hud been asserted that conscientious Jews and Unitarians were excluded from the National schools by the selections which had been made from the Bible and Testament for lessons, now, lie asked, admitting this assertion, could these pnrties allow their children to be educated in ti Church of England School, or any other Denominational School? Did they not exclude thorn also; It had been asserted, he said, that the National system would provoke sectarian animosities, now he con tended its natural effect would be quite the reverse. Tlie children of all denominations meet in the one room side by side, are. in constant communication one with another, tlie'y read from the same books, they enjoy tho same sports, and as a consequence of this a feeling'of brotherly love and equality is implanted in tho infant mind that w'ill remain when the scholars shall leave school to take a part in the buttle of life. The children who have been so situated in school are not likely to bo either bigots or sectarians when they nrrivo at manhood. If this system had been adopted years ago, they would not have their sensitiveness so i often shocked by hearing of religious feuds, of strifo, of bloodshed in connection with religious disputes in the older countries, nnd even in neighboring colonies. If it wiws for nothing else but this — that it tended to the demolishinent of the barriers that now divide communities into so many antagonistic seats— he thought the National system had a. strong, unquestionable claim upon their sympathy and support, and should command their ever lasting gratitude. . Mr. J. R. Cnminins said ho was also taken by surprise on account- of the debate not having been ndjourned as ho fully anticipated it would have been. However, he would endeavor to state n« briefly ns possibly his reasons for giving the vote lie intended to give that evening. He i considered that the National System of Education was bv far tile best adapted to the circumstances of the oolonv n't present. Hero was a comparatively small population widely scattered, and of every conceivable sect of religion. Now, it the Denominational system wits to obtain solely, there would have to be so many schools that they would entail a most certainly ruinons expense upon the 'colony, or else tliey must, be allowed to exist in ii|i utterly in efficient state so far as the education of the rising gone ration was concerned, for the denominations themselves would not be --ble to afford anything like a remunerative; salary to the teachers, consequently properly qualified teachers could not be retained. 'I his would be the result if the Denominational system was generally established in the colon.y now. But there were other faults inherent to it. For instance, it had been asserted that' it wus necessary that religious education should be imparted to gether with secular education, and tho advocates of the Denominational system claimed the advantage of tloin'- this for it. But wlmt did tln-y say likewise? Thnt if any parents objected to their children learning, religion as taught under their system, they, were at liberty to havo their children withrawn whilst the religious portion of tho: education was being imparted.. Was this, ho asked, com bining, as tln*y boasted they did, the religious nnd secular education ot I heir children ? Was ibis carrying out tho system that they received the Government fundi to carry out? Another objection he hud to the Denominational system was, that the religious instruction, whioh ho be jieved was necessary, was administered by tho teacher instead of the clergyman. Now this was evidently wrong, in ninny ways. It whs -wrong because it was administered as a task. Whether this was the actual shape Lhat the imparting oj it would usBiune or not was immaterial, Tho children receiving it. Irom one whom thev, in overythin-* else, lookei'J upoji as a taskmaster, nonlil inevitabiy nnd invariably regard it as a task. He contended that this mode of imparting religious instruction was calculated to bo'-et irreverence for the Word of God, and concluded by expressing an earnest hopo that it would not be long be fore the National system should be universally adopted, believing, us lie aid, that it was best calculated to promote the moral and intellectual advancement of the rising generation. Mr. Garrett, in rising to reply, said ho regretted lie could not complimont Mr. Kwing on the conciseness of liia remarks, for he had wandered from Dan to Beer Shebft, from tho Land's end to John o' Groats ; and he also thought the tone of bis address and his supercilious treat ment of nn opponent was anything but courteous, and was certainly not such as he (Mr. G.) had a right to expect. Mr. Ewing frequently promised them in the course of his address overwhelming proof in support of the Denomi national system, but lie hud disappointed them. Ho had given them declamation enough, but, he begged to remind him, declamation was not proof. He would now proceed to reply. In the first place, he never said the Bishop handled the school money, bnt he did say he had the con trol of the schools. Ho would read an instance in support of his statement from the pamphlet by tho 'National School Tcachers ' The following occurrence will illustrate tho manner in whieh such teachers a: e dealt with by tho heads of their denominations Some timo ago, a lato inspector of Ciiurcl) of England schools announced to three teachers of thnt denomination, that thoir salaries would be reduced by about £2o per annum. Tliey naturally wished to know by v.- hat, authority, and for what reason this reduction was made. Tliey were informed that their salaries weie reduced by order of the Bishop of Sydney, who wished by this moans to create a salary for an additional teacher, and that they were mulcted bcc/tuse ther received tho highest remuneration of any teachers connected with that body. * * * * Tho Denominational Board were appealed to in vain ; thoy had no power to interfere. Mr. Ewing bad said the ministers had not the power, supposing tliey were inclined, to oppress the teachers, for they could appeal to the Board. The above extract is mi answer — 'the Board could not interfere.' Besides, thoy lind hud a locul instance, wliere the appeal was unavailing. The circumstances of which wero known to many of the gentleman present. Mr. Ewing had charged him (Mr. G.) with inconsistency in supporting the Wesleyan Affiliated College, in proof of which he bud reud the reso lution that lie (Mr. G.) bad seconded. This courso was desingenuous, why did he not read his speech also ? lie would then have found that his support was given on the grounds, that it was an institution belonging to one sect, and not composed of members of different sects ; there fore, they midlife' unite religious and secular instruction together. Mr. Ewing had charged the friends of the National system with being opposed to a religious instruc tion. Now, this was not the fact. They did not ignore religious instruction, but admitted its necessity, but to be left to the minister or parents to impart. They thought one kind of instruction ought to be imparted at a time. They did not think it necessary, in order to impart this instruction, that whilst the. master was engaged in teach ing, say a rulo in arithmetic, he at the same time should be whispering in the pupil's ear a theological tenet. The National system he (Mr. Ewing) had stigmatized as irreligious. ? It is true they do not teach dogmatic theology, but the fundamental truths of the Bible are. placed in the pupils hands in the class books. He then | read from a broad sheet, used in the National Schools, I some scriptural extracts, and said, that if the moral pre | cefcps there set forth were practised by all, n better Htnte ?of things would-exist. The charge of the lessons being made from the authorised version and the Douay Bible, was iiot worth notice. It might do for a needy opponent to hang an 'argument upon, bnt nothing more. The charge of the National system being a ' ahain and delu sion ' came with a very bad grace from those who received grants of money for one purpose nnd applied it to another. The National system whs what it professed to be, a school for all without 'respect to creed. Air. Ewing's reference to Kingswood School, and John Wesley being a member ?? of the Church of England, was altogether -irrelevant; -as well as that he (Mr. G.) being tho poor man's friend; and yet wishing to deprive the poor of that means of instruc tion he would give to the rich, and a mere play upon words. . Mr. Ewing had said he thought ' his teachers were as well qualified to teach religion to the children, as he (Mr. G.) was to teach religion to adults.' The cases he (Mr. G.) said were not parallel. Now, what he said was, that the duties of the teacher and a minister of religion were distinct, and ought not to' be combined, '-and the Bishop of Melbourne and his clergy had come to the same conclusion ; but he thought he (Mr. K.) bad stepped out of his. way in referring to aim -(Mr. G.) at nil, ami his address .would have been the better if that name bad been less used. He would say, as ho had said atthe commenee raent, that if he had said anything to give pain to nny gentleman present, he hoped they would pardon him, far such was not his intention. Tho question whs then put, when 14 members voted in favor of the National system, and 9 for- the Denomi national. The Chairman then declared that the question had been carried in favor of tbe National system. The result was received with loud applause. The meeting separated at about 12 o'clock. 