THIS L A U N C K S T O N E L E C T I O N . The Lttunceston Election lias terminated iu favor of Mr. Matthews, by a majority of 272, over '225 votes, polled for Mr. Atliiusou. 'l'lic election teems to have excited very little interest, not more than about 2l.ll) parsons, including bojs, aud an odd wouian or two, attending tbe ceremony of the iiomination. It is difficult to trace out auy quehtiou wiiicli litis election may be said (o have decided Mr. Atkinsun was described by Mr. Gleadow, as " one who liud ti'ot interfered in political interests at all, but was zealous iu the discharge of (lie duties of his office, us a man of intelligence and busine.-s habits." Mr. G'endow added, that lie " was not atvare what his political opinions might be,"—but spoke highly of him as "one whose antecedents would bear ttrict scrutiny." Mr. , Alderman Jiyans said tbat Mr. Atkinson had resided for thirty years, aud reared a large family amonst tbern," Mr. Atkinson himself declared hiuifelf, " tl'.ough an old man, a young politician;' aud could offer no greater inducements for them to elect liim, than that of promising to servo till classes of the constituency honestly, uprightly, and independently—to the best of his ability." The proposer of Mr. Matthew, Mr. J.J. Moore, indulged in some general otl cnptiinduin allusions to the 1 atido' Bill, the Water liili, the Licensing Act, and the Master and Servants' Act— contended that our present Parliament, although so recently elected, " wanted some new blood in it," <tud stated, tiiat after he had added the " new blood," of Mr. Matthews into the veins of that .1 R-ombly, he hoped next to get syringed into it himself, by which process, judging W the tenor of Mr. Moore's speech, the Asemhly will stand umcl) the t-auio t'hnnrcuf being I cneli'tai, us the unfortunate patients who were some years siuce treated in this way for tbe cure nf hydrophobia. Mr. Muore evidently baa great confidence iu Mr. Matthews. lie said :- They did not require any more of ihvtc. \chtlc thttktr ycHllniicn—such members were only desiruus of obtaining places and pen- *i':ns tor their friends, instead of acting honestly towards their constituents. If Mr. Matthews were returned, he would go to Parliament on his own funds, honestly made and canted. (Mr. Matthews is, we believe, a pawnbroker.) He would go in on his own account, and be one of the }Kuplo s own class. If t/te jH^j'le {!) did not get such representatives, they would be oppressed by those in power, and an iron yok-e would be put upon their necks, which they wjuld not be able to break Tbe seconder of Mr. Matthews left no doubt as to what bis notion of a Parliamentary representation is. He said— Why did they not Bend a requisition to Mr Blackford, who was a respectable chimneysweep, and not to Mr. Atkinson, who was only known as s common assignee ? Better would it he for the independent electors to give up the ghost of representation altogether, than return such a member. Mr. Matthews was a fur superior man ; he would not be put down in the Assembly by the frov.uot a Weston, a llcnty, a Crookcs, nr an Junes. He wn» going to R«y something s'runger, but would enly rem&ik; that in hi« opinion, Mr Atkinson would always go with the long aud lUong tide, waiting, on mb question, like another member, to see which Would prove the strongest. Now, thestrong side in Parliament was against the people, «nd it was high time to put in some members for them. It seemed as if neither as Aidermen, or Members of Parliament, they were capable of choosing a man of independent niind from amongst the class of tradesmen to represent them. He would like to see a bricklayer, carpenter, or other rcspeetablc mechanic returned as their representative, instead of always picking out these longcoatcd gentlemen for that purpose. Mr. Matthews, after the usual cloptrap exordium about the Masters and Servants' Act, " and other Acts," expressed his opposition to "increased taxation," and liis opinion, that eotuethiug ougbt to be dooo to benefit tbe " poor industrious mechanic," but uot tbe man of £'400 a-year. Afier ringing the ordinary changes upon " Money, Money, Money," (just as if statesmen or pawnbrokers could do without uiuney,) bo assured bis bearers tbat— Tbe Estimates for 1858, would be brought forward, and passed, as usual, without scarcely a fchow of opposition, unless the Electors sent down a man of different viewB and a different clats to those already in tbe Parliament; men who would oppose any measures for the increase of taxation. He did not wUh fur popularity, but if the class from which the representatives of Lauuceston had hitherto been chosen, hud a right to be represented, were not the class of tradesmen aud mechanics fullr justified in choosing one of their osvn class f Should he b« selected, he would devote himself sincerely, soul and body, to the task of obtaining jus tice to his constituents. Tbe great body of tbe electors of Launceston soeui to bave taken a very slight interest in tbe contest— not more than about one-thiid of their number voted. The numbers at tbo general election were tbe following:— Rogers Douglas Champ Matthews Moore 503 £12 5U1 229 172 Now, these very men who talk so earnestly of the necessity of specially ic-preteiitrug all but those possessing ao income of JC40V per year—or of gentlemen practising the social enormity of wearing "white chokers," or social delinquency of sporting loag tailed coats, would be the very persons to raise a yell of frantic denunciation if a special representation were proposed for persons possessing that income. Class legislation is an abomination and a curse to any community, aud ought to be dit-ccuntenanced by all classes. It is astounding how irretrievably a man finds himself plunged over bead and cars in absurdity—when be attempts to advoealc class legislation. Mr. Watson, the slopseller, expressed a wish to see in Parliament a "bricklayer, •carpenter, or other respectable lucehauic'' —but why did he sneer at " Mr Ulackfurd wbo was a respectable chimney sweep'•"' Why, we would ask, has not a rcspcetable chimney sweep as much right to be chosen representative of the Health, intelligence, respectability, and though last nut least—the social condition—of Launceston (if Launceston pi efors to elect hint) as tbe respectable bricklayer or tbo respectable carpenter ? aye or even the respectable draper, or the respectable gentleman Who jives at the three golden balls, Where Dick's poor mother often calls, And liberally offers "Money, Money, Money," to the use of a star, ing public at a slight interest of some two hundred percent per annum. ] he oiily justifiable reason for electing a representative—is his superior fitness for legislation. A Permanent Atsiento like Mr Atkinson may reasonably be expected to know something of public business. The bricklayer may know all about building a wall, or au oven—the carpenter may be chosen to fix a roof—tbo chimney sweeper and t pawnbroker may be well versed in a knowledge of "flues"—but other knowledges than this is nccessary to tbe making of laws; and tbe unlortuuate wight whese vain ambition Iioe prompted him to take his crude notions iuto a calm, grave, deliberative assembly, composed of educated inen, conversant with public measures and public business, will soou find, to bis sore discomfort, that he is ac much out of place as the tinker iu (Catherine and Pctrucbio. The ridiculous attempt to send in Fpeeial representatives of "tl'e industritrious poor," has alwas failed, from the time of Jack Cade down to " Albcrtotivrier" in the last French Provisional Government—and it always will fail whilst government is intended for all classes. Some curiosity will exist as to tbe new patriotic costume iu which Mr Mai thews will take bis seat. At one time no one could be considered a true patriot iu b'rance, who was not sa>ts ciilollcs. The representative of Laun- ceston must wear linen of unquestionable dingincss and an emasculated skirt,—or lie is no true ultra-democrat. To please Mr Watson, Mr Matthews should take bis seat in a flannel jacket 1 but to do full justice to the tolly of those who elected such a man to represent the second city of Tasmania, we should 6ay " Motley's the only wear!" 