THE PREMIER'S SPEECH. We subjoin a complete report of the masterly statement made by the hon, the Chief Secretary during the recent debate :— ? Mr O'SHANASSY roso and said :— Mr Speaker,— I trust when I inform tho House that, ninco tho 4th of March to the present time, I have scarcely had the ordinary hours of rest, -that from that hour to inn I have eithor been engngod in the mastery of tho details of an office now to mo, in the turmoil and excitement of an election, or in tho preparation of measures which I conceivo I was bound to introduce into tho Legislature of this country,. from tho position which that legislature had adcordod.me, and when I .state, therefore, that at this late period of this protracted debate my physical energies aro not of tho very highest order, I trust I shall receive some indulgence from this House. Sir, I could havo wished, for the sake of making my final statemont, it may bo, as fill and as com pleto as possible, that thd request made by mo this evening for an . adjournment had been acceded to. But when I was mot on tho threshold of that request with tho taunt that, myselfhad taken an unfair advantage of my' opponents on tho 6th of March, I felt that I would rathor not speak at all, or, at all ovcnt3, speak but imperfectly, than a second timo mako that request. Sir, I meet that otMnmcnt. at tho outset, with a flat denial. I never took advantage, either publicly or privately, of any body of persons. I never, sir, intrigued in this country, or stooped to join political organisations, for tho purpose of intrigue, or taking advantage of any body of men ; and it is well known to' those gentlemen who are making this taunt, that I did ,n6t do so on tho occasion referred to, when I was co-oporatod with by. tho hon. and learned gentleman who has now sat down, and another hon. gentleman loarnecl in tho usages of Parlia ment, and supported by a Tory largo majority of tho House. That very largo majority onght to havo been a triumphant answer to that repented and false accusa tion. Sir, if there be any man in' this Assembly who disuelioves tnat, or wno is not merely usiug sjuuut in assertion now for tho purposo of taunt, I ask him — will he continue that assertion when I so emphatically state that it has no-foundation in fact ? What has boon my career in thi« country with regard to Government? ? (Hear.) What havo I been doing the wholo period of time I was in tho Legislative Council ? Why, sir, I havo been practically a prop to the weak Govern ments we had here under tho despotic system ; instead of thwarting, opposing and obstructing, I was coun selling, aiding and abetting; I wns resisting them whon wrong and supporting them when right. At tho end of fivo or six years, having brought forward a resolu tion in a perfectly parliamentary modo, when tho Estimates oamo under consideration, I had a right to move tho resolution, I did. Am I to bo told over and over again that I havo taken advantage of 'tho lato Ad ministration, to turn them out ? I repudiate and deny it. Nothing of the kind occurrod, and nothing was done but what wa9 legitimate. And, sir, if 1 was guilty on that occasion— if it really was so— did Inot when the opportnnity was afforded me, say, ' I decline to tako any unfair advantage, and propose to give a month ? ' Yot in tho fico of that, tho accusation has been repeated over and over again; not only in the House by tho other side— by the lato Administra tion—but in public, by their organ. (Hear, hoar)' Sir, having disposed of that, I como at oaco to the consideration of ? tho. question, before tho House. When this Parliament assembled, tho Government of the day, and whom, as I havo already stated, I havu not opposed in thoir past carcor, ill any factious man ner, camo down to this Houso with a long series of measures set forth in tho Governor's speech. I have that speech before me, and I am now in such a position as that I am capable of explaining to what extent the sincerity of that speech can, be Bustained. I am in a position to state that tho greatest portion of that speech was a more sham and a delu3ion, although 1 was not then cognizant of it nnd dblo to state it as a fact aa I do now. What was my course in this Houso ? I have a complaint to make of tlie then existing Government as to the mode in which they brought forward a motion with regard to the proper and and legal modo of introducing Responsible Government to this, country. I did feel strongly on that question, not merely on public grounds, but thero were circumstances connected witli tho intro duction of that system into this country, which were to be very much condemned ; and I honestly confess that had I had tho confidence and support of the twenty-eight gentlemen who voted with mo in the old House, 1 would have brought forward a motion upon that subject very soon after tho Governor's speech had been delivered. With regard to that question I made no attempt to do so, nor was any step taken by mo to organize an oppo sition, to tho. Government... On tho contrary, .I.^v.af. summoned from my retiremont, where I had intended to livo quietly, to attend this parliament as a private member, to tako part in its deliberations,- and not to seok eagerly for. office. (Hear, hear.) Sir, on tho ' assembling of this ; House, it will very well bo remembered that I sat in opposition from the very natural desiro to sit'in that independent position which consorted with my career hitherto in this country. 1 found associated around me, without any concert, mapy honorable members sent here from largu constituencies throughout tho country. I found tho honorable and learned membor for the city, Mr Michie, also arranged ou tho same sido, and one of the fust acta was to see that they were fiiirly represented in the committeo which was to prepare tho answer to the Queen's speech. On that occasion, thut hon orable and learned member nnd myself were sont to represent the Opposition portion of the Assembly, and wo then simply inserted a short clause, asking the Government of the day to bring down thoir measures for tho considcrution_pX this House. 'Wo in serted that clauso with great satisfaction to tho hou. Kontleman I seo opposite, my predecessor. Ho wns dcliBhted iu his heart to find that ho had persons to deal with of that character that they were anxious, notwithstanding his antecedents, and tho antecedents of his Government, to givo his measures fair trial. That fair trial was accorded to him, from tho month of November to tho period when I brought forward this rosolution, at the instance of a very large number of the members of this House. Tho ? measures of the Government wore fairly canvassed and considered- in this House, and practically almost every one of their measures were failures. I have here a synopsis of tho measures they introduced to tho House, and I repeat that practically, almost every ono of their measures were failures. (Hear, hear.) They failed in their National Bank scheme. That measure broko down in this Houso. They broko down on the general subject of finance. We have had a discussion here to-night relative to the endeavor to explain away tho position of the lato Treasurer us to his statement in reference to ftuance.and in respect to that particular statement they failed ; and I am in a position ,to say they .miserably failed .as to the finances of tho country; and if my hon. colleague, who has been so much bospattored .on the subject this evening, bo allowed to bring fonvnrd his financial state mo'nt, that willbc very clearly provod. They failed on the Estimates, and they delayed the assembling or Par liament to the latest period they could possibly do so yMr^FELLOWS: I beg your pardon. All that is required by the Constitution Act is, that tho writs should issue within a year, and Parliament mot within tho year. Mr O'MIANASSY: Yes. By one day. Mr FELLOWS: It was only necessary that, tbo writ3 should bo issued within, one year, and Parliament to meet within two years. Mr O'SHANASSY: I say tho.issuo of tho -writs beiii' in the power of the lato Government, they delayed the meeting of Parliament until the latest possible period of tho year. (Hear, hear.) Does tho hon. gentleman say they would be justified in keeping back the Estimates for two^years, because the law would allow thpm.to do so ? Well sir, those Estimates were brought forward in November, at a very inconvenient season of the year; and, what has boen tho course with regard to them ? Why, that the expenditure of the public money has been going on without authori sation, and that many of the departments of tho public service havo to this hour not received the slightest authorisation, and where that authority has not been given I have not in any way acceded to tho expenditure unless on somo poiut of absolute necessity. Sir, they failed on unothor important 6ubject— tho franchise of tho country.- They brought forward a measure which was not auceptablo to the people of this country ; and they broke down upon it, and in consequence of bung ling we are this moment without tho name of a single new elector being added to tho roll for this year. They fiiiled, sir, in opposing a popular measure— tho abolition of the property qualification for members of this House., We havo had some discussion upon that, and, I will say no more about it, for I am glad to fiud thoy wcro beaten by tho liberal portion of this House on that measure. They failed, sir, in bringing before this House as they ought to have done, a measure of great public importance, although they had had notice of it for years, namely, a measure to settle the question of mining on private lands; not one scintilla of a measure has been prepared on that subject ; nor could one be found in tho office of the Government, though it has been talked about over and over again. But there is somo part of the Land Bill by which they proposed to pass the gold away with the. land. They failed, sir, upon this Land Bill. They brought before this House a series of -Resolutions from day to day, carrying on discussion in this House, and feeling the pulse of honorable members to seethe pro bability there might be of forming a moasure according to tho views of this House. But. sir, was that the way to conduct the Government .of this country, a,nd carry on'n policy suited to the interests of this people ? ' I say' it was not, and'I am justified in saying so, because I have the documents by me, and they form very remark able records of the mode in which this question was — ? ? ^ ^mm about to bo introduced by tr ie first responsible Govern ment. -It is ldlo to tell . me , that they wero proposing . any original measure upo n tho subject. Thoy failed upon that measure by only bringing forward a »erios of resolutions winch really at nounted to nothing but an extract from the Land Salei i Act oflS-12, with one excep tion. ; Sir, the late Govei nment failed most miserably upon another most imports nt question. They failedupon the Immigration scheme, — that schemo which was so artfully concocted, and %o quietly brought forward, again, to feel tho pulse- of the Houso and of tho country, by way of resolutions, ? thay were forced into tho necessity of. afterwards bring bringing forward in a bill, every member nclding his quota to it, but which finally had its progress arrested by the break down on the estimates, aftur which the author of it found his way out of the country. (Hear.) Sir, they have failedupon tho question of railways. I see tho honorable gcntlemnn who was at the head of that department sneer at this. He is astonished at my telling him he has failed upon this subject. I say ho has failed, and I am proud to be in a position to Bay that 'his failuro is one of tho greatest blessings that could havo happened to this country ; for had he been successful in his original resolutions, coming down with, a cutond-dried schemo of his own, and could ho havo carried it as ho intended, ho would thereby have in- \ flicted tho most frightful injuryand tho greatest loss upon this country. (Hear, hear.) Captain CLARKE.— Prove it. Mr O'SHANASSY: I will mention ono instance in proof of it. At this very moment the arrangement with Brunei in England is, that ho receives five per cont; for superintending £000,000 -worth of outlay, which would como to a sum of £30,000 for ono year. That was one special instance in which ho had failed. If ho had carried his resolution, and that arrangement had continued, this country would have lost immensely by the transaction. (Hear, hoar.) Irrespective of his arrangements with Brunei, ho has failed most miserably with regard to tho whole ichome. Ho has failed, inas much as he has neither tho labor, tho capital) nor tho skill to construct his railways according to tho plan, beforo this House. Captain CLAKKE : Not tho labor f : . . Mr O'SHANASSY: Not according to tho plan laid beforo hon. members. I say their schomo of financa provided in no way for the expenditure necessary to carry on railways, and I say that their system of finance, designed, as it was, to receive rovenuo from the pastoral tenants, and their banking schemo having been abandonedj it is morally proved that thoy failed 'most miserably in tho railway scheme, notwithstanding they had the advantage of tho advice and support of this Houso and country with regard to it, it is not now in a forward state. It is a most misorable failuro. (Hear.) I will not speak of the contractors. Wo have somo evidence with regard to them and somo damning evidence, with regard to the way in which contracts have been managed in this country : and I say, that ono of tho greatest blessings that could have befallen the country in thii rospect, was the failuro.of that scheme. Captain CLARKE : I riso to a point of order. I would wish the hon. membor to be more explicit. Nearly every' single . assertion he has made, both in his minis terial speech and now, osto tho railways in this country, could bo answered by myself. I trust tho hon. member will not deal in mere insinuations, but state clearly to tho Houso and tho country, tho facts ho refers to with regard to tho contractors, as he has dono with regard to Mr Brunei, in order that, if necessary, I may addros3 . the House upon them. ' ; Mr. O'SHANASSY : I hav« said nothing with regard to railways that I am not prepared to substantiate. A» to contractors, it is well known that I stated to the House, the other day, that I should reserve my opinion until tho investigation of a board appointed oil the subject was completed ; bocause it would not bo proper for me, until that board had finished its investigation, to say anything about it. But I did boo, sir, with my own eyes, to-day, an obliteration in an agreement with a contractor which proved to mo tho kind of system which has been going on in this country with regard to contracts. It was suggested to me incidentally, in my speech, by what fell from tho hon. members, to refer Ihem cursorily to tke system which had been pursued in regard to contractors ; because it at onco proved, to my own mind, tho system that hadbcen parried on, and that there was a necessity for a check being given to it; and, further, that 'no practical check could liavo been given to it except by a change of Government. Captain CLARKE : I would ask the hop. member not to insinuate these matters. I wish him to stato what those obliterations are, and to state distinctly what all his charges are. Then I shall be in a position to answer them. But I do trust the hon. member will stato distinctly all theso charges, in order that tho country may know what tho value of these statements Mr O'SIIANASSY: What I statod was, that tho railway system, under the management of tho Govern ment, had broken down. Captain CLARKE: But you spoke of obliterations. Mr O'SHANASSY: I nave given some cvideiico of the way in which the railway business of the country was carried on, by instancing one point ; and that was in regard' to the commission of 5 per cent, paid to Mr Brunei, in England. I had other instances, but I did not think it was desirable to bring them beforo tho Houso. ' ' ' Captain. CLARICE: But what was tho oblitora tioii ? Mr O'SHANASSY : With regard to tho oblitcra- ( tion, it was tho insertion of a month's extra time to tho contractor, if that is any intelligence to tho hou; gentleman. ; Captain CL.-VRKE: Oh! oh! Mr O'SHANASSY : Tho hoanrablo gentleman is rather surprised at this, it he? I duro say when tho question comes to bo enquired into (anil it is a question which will como before the public) it will bo seen whether I am not justified in what I have said. Captain CLARKE : The honorable gentleman has the advantage of me in theoo insinuations, if I am to bo laid open to this sort of attack without tho oppor tuuity of reply. Mr O'SHANASSY : Then I will mention that this very day, a contract was discovered by tho honorable gentleman who has the charge of the railway depart ment, wherein a contractor, who has since failed to the extent of £11,000 or £12,000, was bound to a certain time for the completion of his contract, and that time was altered. A certain person made an alteration iu the contract itself, giving a month's extra time without the consent or. knowledge of the trustoes, and that is a matter of most serious consequence. (Mr Rut lodge: That is rather serious.) I only hinted at it before. I did not want to bring it fjrward specifically. I merely mentioned it as an illus tration of the way in which tho Government of this country has been going on. And I say, no check could be derived by this Houso by the most rigid scrutiny, and no enquiry in this Houso could get all these faots except by a chango of Gbvornment; I mention this to show how advantageous it is that a chango of Govern ment should have taken placo iu regard to all these measures. Sir, the Land Policy I havo alluded to ; and now sir, there is another measure, also of great conse quence, in which tho late Government failed. They failed in bringing forward their Gold-fields Manage ment Bill. (Hear, hear.) I, and the gentlemen asso ciated with mo, had to suffer tho unpopularity of having tho gold-fields ringing with . clamor against somo Bill proposed by tho lato Government on. that subject. I find, in., looking over the Governor's sjpecch, that a series of measures to the extent of eighteen or twenty moasuros was proposed, not one of which can bo found in any department of. the Government. And, I am justified in saying, that I troated the Governor's speooh and tho gentlornen who proposed to bring forward those measures, with great consideration, when I gavo them an opportunity of putting their measures beforo the country, and of being judged by them. That, sir, is tho reason why I think I am justified in saying that the treatment which 1 havo received at their hands is not such as I have accorded to them. (Hear, hoar.) I Venture to say, .sir, that upon the chango when the honorable tho Treasurer went out of office, as Colonial Secretary, and my pre decessor accepted it, he cannot deny that I did every thing iii my power to render tho acceptance of tho new office by him as easy as possible. I. left a sick bed and travelled to tho gold fields for tho purpose of bringing about ah improved state of things there ; and I havo received very unhandsome treatment in return. I was carried into office not by any intriguing j butlsithoro because I was practically forced into the position I oc cupy, by the wiBhes of amajorityjof the members sitting ou that side of tho Houso ; and I have since received tho most factious opposition that could bo offered to me, and I believe I am perfectly justified in saying, that aii agency has subsi3tod by which that opposition has been organised and carried into effect. (Hear, hear.) Sir, this is the climax of the business ; and this night I am called upon to sustain a vote of want of confidence. Want of confidence for what ? ' For having associated with me a certain gentleman whom many members of this Houso dislike personally, and who many members of this House. think,- from his political antecedents, ought not be in niy ministry.' Now, sir, beforo I pro ceed to the particular object of the motion, and tho con stitutional basis on which it is founded, I think I may. refer tho lion, and learned member who has just sat down to somo particular facts, which ho appeai-3 to have lor gotten, arid of whichit is my duty to remind him. I think the honorable gentleman, whatever credit ho has given mo (and I must bo very grateful for those flattering encomiums from the other sido ot tho House) must have felt some strong inklings, in his own mind and conscience, that I am placed by him in a very false position as to the circumstances statod by him. I will produce a letter of his,' shewing that no such thing as he has stated actually occurred; and that I did prac tically that, which ho now declares I ought to have done, and I will prove, that in two minutes to the satisfaction of this House and the world. Sir, the honorable gentleman says in reply to tho obser vations of the honorablo member, Mr. Grant, whilst talking about despotism and tho constitutional form of government, that there is a conside ration in connection wi-h this matter, namely, that if any member chose to lead a motion on tho Oppo sition side of tho House, which had the effect of dis placing the ministry; if he carried that, and dealt only with his own will, wewould practically have despotism, though at the same time wo were looking for liberty in a constitutional form of Government'. I admit this, and say it would be bo, if tho facts were, as ho statej. I may at the samo-.time; refer to the statement of *eton.J™£ ber for Collingwood, Mr Harker, who made the same observation, and said if I had elected as a.mc™°' °*ma Government, the gentleman ^o;« the leader ot a large portion of this House, I should have .had then a strong nnduserdl Government. Those wf°-'*YX Now, sir, what did I do upon that occasion ? P^'1''^ Idid exactly what the lion; member.ms.sts upon and says that I ought to have done; and *hlcK*c,h°n- * i learned member for the city fe^-.^J^gVf have not done it. (Hear, hear) A laxg* »°^f; °'f wsmmMm mLoiy Ho wasr ihnirmanof that meeting, and he kneTthe object of it was to complain practically of the wyia which the Estimates we brought under the attention of the House. (Hear, hear,). -At that meet, ini? a resolution was drawn up, and tho hon. member,- whom- I do- ? not- see in his place, Mr Baragwanath, notr conceiving it strong enough, proposed to- add some words to make it stronger; but it -wAs nevertheless considered, that it was strong enough to drive any minister ? from ofhee^ The hon Kentleman Mr Sargood was chairman.- Ho put the Solution, and ho will- remember it was suggested to mo that, that resolution when submitted to this House, should be seconded by the hon. member for the city. The lion, and learned member for Richmond was also present ; and he knows that he communicated .everything that occurred there, by letter to the hon. and learned member for the city. Ho subsequently told me -that- he had communicated the object of the meeting to -Mr Michie, and told him that ho was expected to second tho resolution at tho requcit ol the meeting ; and he also communicated to me, that Mr Michie would second the resolution. . I had not .in opportunity of seeing tho hon. and learned member for the Oity until I- saw him in the Housb.I therefore, before. I rose to- speak, weut-to the'Jum. member; and asked him if ho was going to second ^ the resolution. ? -This was-in-orderto make myself secure. He said, ' I have just corae-from -Oourt. ; I do not think shall bo able to make a-speech.'.' . Xsaiu, 'Woll, you can second the motion -and. reserve your speech, and he consented to- do so. .That vote was carried by a larsre majority, 20-to 23, and the. next day I was com pclTod to- accept-- the . ? responsibility of that vote, becauso tho -Governor sent for me and I came : down to . this- House, and simply an nounced the fact,, and. I. have already explained vhy'l only annouAccd .tho fact, namely, becauso I had Sno arrangement with those who were to form the Government;. and. I did nof. find- the hon. and learned member in his .place that day to communicate tho fact, to him? But what did I do?/ Immediately after I had announced, that fact, . several, gentlemen mot me m the Refreshment .room- ? Thc.first.gentleman I .poke to oa tho ' subiect, .was. .tho .hon.. .member, for tho city, Mr Moore. My. observation, was this: 'I can make no official announcement to any one until. I have seen the seconder of my motion. I want to communicate officially to 1 m the. ino^vledga of. tho .fact that I have been called upon to form a Ministry; and I must ask him to civo mo his assistance.'.1. . Thoro was also another ground. Mr . Michie . was tho . only, leading, lawyer I could -commuiiicftto. with on the opposition aide of the House, I therefore sent a friend immediately to urn, having found that he was. dining with Judge A Beckett. That' nend .communicated to. him that I wanted to see him, and the answer he communicated to inc. was, Uiat he would see me at ten o'clock.the next morning, lho next morning I received this note from him :r ? Muroli 3rd, 1857. My Dkau Sir,— I find Bince I spolio .to. Bunion that a ease of. mvbwTS first to-morrow; I shall tliereforo not bo able t^see youTM^ung 'thai the crisis wn, to^tefWiSJ our, tails, tMr-O'Sliannssy: The sttbjebt pf »»rgc''B net on I meditated; -not talk,) I am afraid lam J^1 B^' £ «£, that for the present I must dovote the . whole of my professional ? ...... AllCIIIBALt) MICHIE. (Hcari hearrhoar0 This letter! showed moit distiiictiy that that hou. gentleman, had no intention of taking ??mob in the Government. (Hear, hear.) Hut, sir *a» 1 content with that refusal ? . No ; I was not. I went myself to the Supreme Court, with the view of seeing him I did this in consequence of the responsibly which I felt attached to mo as the mover ot that ; leso lution and from tho .public position I hold in this House and in . this . country. I went to the Supreme Court to see him. personally. . I saw his friend, as 1 may call . him, . the hon. and learned member for Kichmond (Dr Evans), who. also made several efforts to boo him.. In. tho meantime, I. sent another fiiend of mine to him, who succeeded, at last in. seeing hm ; and hia answer was, 'What is the use ? Have I not al ready given an answer. '..I have communicated my views to Mr O'Shanassy.' . Wei), Sir, I endeavoured to 6ce him after, that, and,, as. the. hon. member says, ho finally saw me on the Friday. . Ho camo to me on the Say evening, thus leaving Wednesday, Thursday, and F'-iday till half-past five o'olock without his even seeing mo. ' I ask the House and the,:hon. gentleman, did he not Altogether forgot this circumstance in tho statement he has made ? . ?MrMICIUB.: No. . ? Mr 0'SHA.NASSY: In the statement he made, ho said that I should have asked him as a point of delicacy to express his mind, whereas he had stayed away from me for two or three days; whilst, in the meantime, I hud publicly announced that I had informed tho Gover nor that, 'if possible, I would form a ministry in twenty-four hour*/ Now, Sir, had I not a right to t-ipect, considering the state of. this House, and its limited number of members, that when tho honora ble and learned member on the other side was exprws in'- his determination at all times to give the previous Government ns short a trial aa ho could, and to turn them out as soon as possible, . had I not a right to ex pect, considering the circumstances of our Constitution ' and the number of members in this House, and that we must have four of them.on those benches to iorm an administration; and that wo must have two, lawyers; and considering that there were in tho House two or threo of such only who were available, including tho honorable member the'Cluiirman of Committees, had I not aright to'expect that ho would suppose wo should fall back upon him, and upon him alone, to fill those offlW YHear', hear.)' And did I not make every effort to meot his views that a man could do, even going the length of refusing to. coinmunicato my ideas to any one' before consulting tho honorablo member upon whom.lin a great measure .depended the success, or fuilure'of the administration? (Cheers.) Well, bir, I think that ought to satisfy, the honorable .member Mr. Harker, and any other lion, member who may havo doubtsupon this point, that I did not proceed capri ciously to- carry out anything upon my own will, and that I had iio other desircthan to maintain tho character and integrity of tho.gontlomen acting with mo in sup planting a Government which had shown its unhtness to carry on the affairs of this country. (Hear, hear.) And-, sir, when I remember another circumstance in relation to thathon. andlearned gentleman's connection whh that party, and tho course ho took in this House ; when I remember that.he did preside at an opposition meeting himself;, and when I remember that he, and I, and others, considered that it was not prudent ior gen tlemen that had. just come into opposition to tako an active.part in trying to turn the. Government out, but that they, ought to try, . .03 . wo were desirous to do— viz., to introduce. . good . measures into : this country.-r-had I not, then, a fair right to expect that ho .would co-oporato with mo in carrying on tho 1 Government, of tho country.?. . (Hear, hear.) The hon. ' gentleman has talked, about incongruity of opinion, upon the .questions of State aid to religion and educa ' tion. . My views wero pretty well known to him upon those points, so that thorp w.as no excuse at the last mo ment for him to fall .back upon and say that we differed on those two points and could not co-operate. If there wore halfadozenlawycrs.in the House, out of whom wo ? could have chosen .two, I could readily understand it, becauso ho might have said ' you can get others, and that will bo just the. same.' What was tho result ? c Why, that, finally . I was driven beyond the precincts of tho House to get the law .officers ; and then wo are to be told to-night that.this is one of tho reasons for a vote of wantof confidence in us. '.'You have not your law officers in the House. .Your Attorney-General has been defeated. You have been, beaten .at. St. Kilda, and many other of the larqe constituences havo declared against you ' Now, Sir, I ask the hoii. and learned member to apply that to his own mind. I ask tho country and I ask. his constituents to weigh tho circumstances which I have stated in. relation to .these matters, and to nb solvo.me from the .charge pf not being able to carry on the Government of thq country, because tho hon. and learned member, would not co-operato with me. So fur for the personal explanation with reference to the hon. member.. .Sir, the .hon, member went on to state some 1 ? other .very extraordinary, reasons for giving his.pssent ? to tho motion.. I am perfectly astounded when I con ? sider the .high legal, character, which the hon. gentle ? man.bears in .this community, to find that on a motion ? of this kind, under .the .circumstances which have oc ? cm-rod, which.aro really. not private circumstances, but most public,— I am .astounded to find that a gentleman of his legal repute and legal knowledge has not been ablo to lay his hand upon a single case to justify his ? proceedings; and .although ho has sat in his placo and stood up and supported the vote of want of confidence, ' I am .perfectly, astounded that ho has not been able to ' support it by constitutional authority or legal ' argu \- ment. The whole of his speech has shown a dusire to pet out of an unpleasant and false position in this ? country. (Hear, hear.) I think the hon. member ? when ho speaks of my keenness of vision, and of the : .keenness of vision of the lion, tho Treasurer, must not -?? forget that it is not an unfair taunt to say in reply that he was, perhaps, himself thinking, ' 0, 1 am a lawyer, and you cannot form an Administration without me. 1 ?will watch the proceedings and will make my own teams.' (Laughter.) Whatever may come of this de bate,- whether it bo a dissolution or resignation, or a fi'ht in tho House for our measure?, it will be found ? tftit whoever attempts' to carry on the .Government, when he comes to form his Administration, will have !somo difficulty in providing law officers to go on. with. Of course, the lion, mover of this motion,' who says bis professional incomo is so high that it will no. I coming so— the Fnar °f 'f '''^{ned of the incon *inistration,-and f who _has °™£'^raent) when any gruom materials of the P'*cn{ 'o™r c(jm_ new Ministry shall be formed, will s tiu plain of the' incongruous matenals of that s House. (Hoar .ind .lauSUtcrlrst. well and listen to hon. member for Owtlemomo, Mr Sitwel , an a im^ Constitution, he must know that it was not our object to adopt tho American system. He m.lVSt1kn?.^nt'l?lcro desire is not to transplant American insatutions hero but to develop, as fully as Po8S1'pe^thrc^or^S sir I ment in the parent country. (Cheers.) :-^ow£.sl& bt Sink I shall have to leave tho legal branch of this sub ject, and to go to another objection which has been taken namely, ' Why did you not consult the twenty ™'bcc?uso then you could easily. have ..got abet ; er man for treasurer ? You could have much more easily St a bet er man to fill the office of Collector of Customs ff you had thought proper to do so, instead .oi ^choosing one in whom we have no confidence.' Now, sir, 1 ouTX^ob^n^^l-i^oS^ a-rfTa^ronna^x^^^ , slow y'nd then it will be for tho House and the country to decide whether 1 did make tt bad selection, or whether I could have made a much better one from tho names of the gentlemen I did not select, lhe first is Mr Aspinall, who is chairman ot committeos of this House, and whom I did not wish to ask tojom tho Ministry, holding as ho did a permanent office. The next was , Mr Baragwanath, then iol-. low Mr Beaver, Mr Blair Mr Brooke, Mr Fyfe, Mr ' Grant, ? Mr Harker, Mr: Hughes,, and Mr Humffray. The others. were Mr. MeDou aall, Mr Snodgraas, Mr . O'Brien,' Mr Sargood, Sir Palnier.Dr Owens, Mr Head, Mr. Phelan, Mr Myles, arid Mr Syme. Those whom I havo jiamod are twenty of tho gentlemen in the division of twenty nine, and the other -nine consisted of Mr Michie, Mr HorAe, Mr Greevcs, Mr Duffy, Mr Moore Mr Foster, Mr .Evans, Mr O'Shanassy, uad Mr MoCnllneh. Now, Sir, Mr.McCulloch refused; Mr Mooro refused ; Mr Michio refused; and Dr Evans refused ; and that left Mr O'Shanassy, Mr Grooves, Mr Home, Mr Foster, and Mr Duffy. Now, Sir, I ask any man of candid judgment in this House, whether I made my selection . from caprice or mistaken feelings; or whether. I have not done my best to get men of talent and integrity, and men whose views accorded not only with my own, but with those that wero ? really entertained by .tho ?House, and which I believe to be according to tho wishes and desires of the people of tins country. (Loud, cheers.) Had I chosen any other hve of the twenty-nine, I have no. doubt that similar objections would have been taken to them. So far, Sii, I think I may claim to havo defended myself from that imputation; but I would like to ask the hon. gentlemen who argued for this lino of conduct, that I should havo summoned the twenty-nine persons together, and asked them to elect for me a Ministry ? I should like to ask them practically to tell mo how that could be done ? The twenty-nine wore of course men, having local interests, and various opinions on particular subjects. Was itlikely, or practicable, that they would have been more successful in selecting men who would havo acted together, or who would havo followed out what was to the interest of this country? Or if I had done so, should I havo followed a constitu tional course in accepting the nomination of- such a list? (Hear, hear.). There would have been an onslauMit made on me, and I should havo been told that I was unBt to bo a Minister of the Crown, from that very circumstance. (Hear.) I leave it to hon, members to say whether I did not act, upon the whole, to the best of my judgment, in order to carry on the Government, with' air honest desire to do the best I could to promote the welfare of the coun try. (Loud cheers.) But, Sir, as to the motives that influenced tho Opposition on this occasion, is it from a puro desire to supplant this Government, formed in the manner in which 1 have stated, and to put a better go vernment in its place ? Is that the honest desire of tho Sentlcmen on the opposite side ? (Hear, hoar.) Sir, I arosay thoreis.an honest desire in the breasts of a few men on that side of the House to do that; but I conscientiously believe that this vote of want of confidence however it may result, is simply an act of political' rcvengo upon myself ibr my past political career in this country. (No, no.) Sir, I havo hnd some little experience of human nature, and I- know that, in following the course which I have pursued so consis tently for tho last four or five years, I have been often obliged to oppose hon. members on points that sorely touched thorn ; they knew that I was determined to chaugo tho administration of the system in thi3 country, if it ever was in my power to change it— a system which I always condemned. I am not surprised, therefore, that to the persons then having possession t-f- the government, I was giving offence, as well as to tho followers whom they have gathered around them, and who were living, in fact, upon the industrious classes of this country.' I spared no effort on my pirt to uproot that system. I, therefore, 'was fully prepared to expect that when the final blow camo, and an Administration which was really the oxoiring effort of that system was hurled from power, it would bo followed by a vote of want of confidence in mo the moment wo mot in Par liament. Of course, sir, when I speak of revenge, I mean political revenge. Those gentlemen did not like the principles of responsible Government brought into action against themselves. I know, sir, that some of the measures introduced into this House were intro duced under pi fissure ; and that in. bringing in a bill for tho extension of tho franchise, they Vtid not wish to extend the privileges of the people in its full sense. I know now, sir, that with regard to some points which have been enunciated in the exposition of the policy of this Government to increase-' and extend the franchise, and to equalise the electoral district?, their zeal against mo was maddened, becauso they felt that if I carried that eloment of popularity, the system of Government I have alluded to would ultimately die out, and tho people would become triumphant. (Hear, hear.) How was this motion introduced, and how was it sus tained ? The hon. member for St. Kilda introduced it by a referenco to that which I havo already answered, that I had taken unfair advantage of the late Govern ment, and that ho had most magnanimously given me one day's notice. He followod that up by a statement which any one mightknow, and which he mustinhisown mind havo known, to be mere a clap-trap because he does not say that he believed it, and not one of his supporters has reiterated tho statement. On the contrary the most kindly feeling has been expressed to mo individually, whilst all the other members of tho Administration have been attacked. I alludo to tho postscript to a letter to my honorable and learned and talentod young fi-iend who was a candidate at the Ovens election. The honorable and learned gentleman asked mo for an ex planation. of that paragraph. I certainly wrote that postscript, aud I am here to avow it, and ' 1 ask any person to rend it over, and tako it with the remaining portion of tho letter, and I von ture to say there is nothing in it to condemn. (Hear, hear.) Sir, if tho hon. gentleman had read the whole of my letter, although it was a privatoone.it would have shown that the next paragraph preceding the one ho read was one in which I expressed a hope, irrespective of any Parliamentary connection with my self or Ministerial. connection with myself, that he would be personally successful. But, Sir, I have in my power the opportunity of proving, not merely that what I wrote was honest and proper, but I havo tho most clear evidence hero to show that it can be sustained by the records of my own office. (Cheers.) Sir, the hon. and learned member seemed to think at the time that he was citing the case of Mr Pitt, that I had produced some analogy to it in this country, ,by tho postscript to this letter ; that I had written to the candidate that ho was to got his election at all hazards ; and that I had pledged the power of tho Crown in order to secure that object. Now, let us listen to this caudid criticism of what was going on in my office with referenco to that district at the time of the election. Hero are a number of appli cations that camo personally to myself, and which I personally disposed of, and every answer was sent in duo courso tho moment I had ' mado my minute upon it, and whilst the election was going on. On the 13th of March there was a petition. for a warden at Nino Mile Creek, received on the 16th of March, and answered on the 20th, that there was no provision on the estimate for it, but that the Govern ment would give their consideration to the petition. Now, sir, considering the large mining population there, I ask was it not a fair answer to say that a petition for a warden, pointing out that the Buckland was 60 miles from Beechworth, would receivo consi deration. Captain CLARKE : At what time ? Mr O'SHANASSY : There 'was constant complaint on that point. The honorablo member did present a petition to tho Governor upon tho subject. There was another application on the 24th of March, tho can vaising all going on at tho sanre time ; it was received on the 2Sth, and answered on tho 2nd of April, in due course. The application was for th'J appointment of a warden. This was also doclinod, becauso there was no provision for it on the estimates. Then there was a resolution of tho local couifc at Beechworth on the 25th of March, and answered on the 3rd of April, regarding tho appointment of these wardens, showing how rapid the applications were. Thei-o was another respecting a mining sur veyor, and as no mining surveyor had been appointed to any gold- field, I answered that there was no prece dent €or such an appointment, and refused it. Then there was nn application for a Chinose interpreter, and that conveyed no . very particular political signifi cance. It was highly necessary, and it was acceded to. There was an application for£1000 for tho Literary In stitute. This was refused., and during tho election also, there was an application from the hon. member for the Murray, who sent it officially on the part of several inhabitants of Beechworth, who wished to have the oflice3 of resident warden and police magistrate I » separated, vri(h a view to make the- latter jndgo of file County Courtjhas hot been acceded to yet, Sir. - And now, 1 ask, what has become. of this great boasted cry ? (Hear, hear.) All these applications wero received at the very time of the election, and were answered indue course, and all but one were refused. Why, Sir, there would have beau nothing easier, had I adopted the sys tem of the Circumlocution Offico, than to have kept back those answers until tho election was over, but I disdained to make use of any power of my offico in a political manner. (Cheers.) The hon. gentleman stated also that he did not wish to retaliate. Now, Sir, I havo already ex pressed my opinion that this is an act of direct retalia tion. (Hear, hear.) He was a member of a Govern ment, ousted by a majority in this House, and it is not to be forgotten that the Government of the day had ample opportunity of carrying on the Government of tho country without any vote of want of confidence ; that they were distinctly told, ' Go en with the Ea timates [ and whether you aro beaten or not, we wish to tako no advantage of you while you have not your law officers in tho House.' , They refused to accept that, but every man in this : House, and every man in the country not blinded to what was passing, must have BOticcd the tottering condition of that Government a couple of mouths back, and must ,have seen that the man who mainly held up that Government for many years, with whom I had to battle in tlic.Old Council, but without bringing about personal hatred or animosi ties, that that hon. gentleman had retired from the Government, and- was elevated to tho Bench ; that an other of the principal mon was on his way to England, and that, practically, the Government had dwindled down to such a miserable party in the House thatit was only tho question of a day or of a few daj-3 whether they would havo been moved from offico by my vote or the vote of some one else. Then, sir, wo come to tho con stitutional view of this case, and has thoro been any thing brought before this House to justify tho Wow which has been taken of it from the other side ? (No.) Tho hon. gentleman quoted the case of Mr Pitt, in 1784, most unhappily for himself; and I go into this argument, not that I think that I shall bo able to con vert the hon. gentleman, for from all I havo hoard, without waiting for any explanation on tho subject, a. determination has been arrived at, and tliereforo noth ing I can say will' change the opinion of this hon. gentleman or his friends on that subject; but I am here aud have been in my place In the old Council not to bo dismayed or frightened by any eonibination to carry a resolution of this kfnd. I'f I had any foar of combin ations 1 should havo given up tho ghost long ago, but I never had, sir. I havo always had full ounfidonoo in my own prinoiplos, -and in tho firm bcliof that the people of this country would come to the rescue of any Go vernment who managed their affairs ia a wise andpropor manner. (Cheers.) Now, bir, I say feeling us I havo done, and acting as I have done I am here to-night to prove that this proceeding 13 wholly unjustifiable, wholly unprecedented, and wholly unconstitutional. (Hear, hear, and cheer?.) I believe, sir, it is dangerous, for ,tho Government of this country to; have a precedent laid down by a gentleman who is thoroughly ignorant upon the point. I will undertake to say it is unprece dented in the history of pailiamentary Government in our country. The case of Mr Pitt was that Mr Fox with his ' majority in the House had been driven from office, and that the king, of his own mere motion brought Mr Pitt into power. Mr Pitt remained in power, and ho ultimately dissolved tho parliament, and came. in with a triumphant- majority and govertied the country for many years. In the case of Mr Pitt, these were ' the new and extraordinary circumstances' which brought him into office. But what is my case ? I do not wish to draw any parallel between such an humble individual as myself and that great man ; but, Sir, was there any parallel in tho circumstances ? The hou. member' said it was an insult to tho Governor to submit the name of my hon. friend the Commissioner of Public Works to him. Mr FELLOWS: I said it was an insult to the people. Mr O'SHANASSY': The hon. member said Go vernor of this country, — he used the word 'royalty' in alluding to tho representative of her Majesty here. This motion to which the hon. gentleman referred U3 was to the followisg effect: — ' That it is tho opinion of this committee that in tho present' situation of his Majesty's dominions it is peculiarly necessary that there should bo an Administration which has the confidence of this House and the public.' Thora was a further motion by Lord Surrey — 'That it is the opinion of this committee that the late changes in his Majesty's Councils wero immediately preceded by dangerous and universal reports, that his Majesty's sacred name had been unconstitutionally abused, to affect the deli berations of parliament, and that tho appointments made were accompanied ' ' by circumstances now and extraordinary;' those wero tho words which led to the hon. gentleman's observations upon the postcript of my letter to my hon. friend at Beechworth — ' and such as do not conciliate or enjoy tho confidence of this House.' Intho debate which followed upon that motion, Gover nor Johnstono, an independent member, observed : — 'The confidence of this ? House is necessary to his Majesty's Ministers, yet that confidence is neither to bo bestowed nor withheld from caprice or partial affection. Wo have a right to' demand that his Majesty shall put his Government into the hands of men of ability and integrity. If these requisites are to be found in the King's Ministers, and the measures they propose are just aud honorable in themselves, it is the height of fac tion to refiuo our assent or Support to such men, what ever our connections may be with others.' Here is another opinion expressed by tho same lion, gentleman: ' It is said, indeed, that this conduct is to secure our own existence, but I' must again and again declare my opinion that too strenuous an interference of this House to prevent its dissolution is little short of a bill to con tinue the duration of parliament, because if it u once admitted, tho House of Commons may do wrong, assuming executive authority ;' and this is exactly what has been done here — 'there is no remedy left to correct this evil but a dissolution. History shews that tho tyranny of tho many is worse than tho tyranny of the few; and if it is once established that by re peated addresses they can perpetuate their existence, no dissolution can tako place, and consequently both the king and tho people are loft remediless.' There is a case for the honorable and learned and constitutional lawyer to quote for the edification of the House against my postscript. What happened to Mr Pitt, Sir ? A most inauspicious beginning. ' On the first day he appeared in the House after his re-election, he was left in two minorities, the one of thirty- nine, tho other of fifty-four, and five hostile motions wero carried against him. The most reproachful terms which dis appointed ambition and political animosity could sug gest were applied to his principles and his conduct, and ha was denied those common civilities which had been hitherto invariably shewn to ministers of the Crown.' That was tho opinion of Mr Pitt with regard to tho caso cited, and I think it is completely against tho hon. and learned member. (Hear, hoar.) Now, Sir, tho hon. member cited as another case the caso of Sir Robert Peel in 1841, and in that case I must say that the hon. and learned member has been exceedingly dis ingenuous. The motion upon thatoccasion wasnmotion of want of confidence in the Ministers. I hold it in my hands, and tho motion in this case, Sir, attempts to copy it, but leaves out tho most specific part. It is the caso of the play of Hamlet with Hamlet omitted. Sir Robert Pool's motion was one of want of confidence in the Government of- that day. I havo not tho book hero, but lean speak from memory. Sir Robert Peel laid down the . doctrine that the measures of the Government were to be considered in connection with tho vote of want of confidence, and that to hold to any other principle was against tho Constitution as known and practised. I am sorry I have not the extract hero, as it is one of great importance, and one of recent date, much more recent than tho caso of Mr Pitt, aud it shows a continuous doctrine on this subject held in Par liament. The wording of tho motion hero leaves out the important question of measures, because that did not serve tho object of tho hon. and learned member ; inasmuch as he had not allowed an opportunity for measures to be brought before this House, and there fore tho motion falls to the ground: When hs uses tho term ' Spirit of tho Constitution' in connection with that, I ask what does the hon. and learned and con stitutional membermean. Does he mean that the Con stitution of England is in force here in its full effect, when he uses the word ? Mr FELLOWS: No. Mr O'SHANASSY: Then it is applied to the Con stitution we have here. Then what is the spirit of the Constitution hero ? What does he know about the spirit of the Constitution hero ? What had he to do with tho forming of the Constitution? How then does he arrive at its spirit? We have to deal with it by ana logy with tho. mother country, and any other interpreta tion is inconsistent, and if tho hon. gentleman puts it on that interpretation his motion must fall to the ground as thoroughly unconstitutional. Well, Sir, the hon. and learned member went on in a tone of great sarcasm to censure the members of this Government, — to ask them why they did not take some time at least before they co-operated with me in carrying on tho Government of this country. '? I think it rather strange that in all the observations that havo been made no gentleman has attempted to deny the ability of any of those gentlemen whom I have placed in offico to carry out the ' business of their departments and the fact is that they cannot venture to do it. I believed that all of us with the exeption of two entered upon our offices as new men, and notwithstanding the novelty of imposition — tho want of the prestige of which the hon. member for the city spoke, I venture to put one month or four weeks work in comparison with any five weeks done by our predecessois. (Loud cheers.) Well sir, is it not a boastful thing that though we were new men going to office, and never been there before, yet we were prepared with a policy and that we were in a po3itian to bring forward measures which wore to be introduced rapidly into this House during the Session, although in the meantime we had to go each to our election, and take care, of our departments, and yet we did th:it not injuring the public service to the extent of la., but laying the basis of saving the country probably many hundred thousands of pounds. Now, Sir, the hou. aud learned member wont onf in a very happy strain to describo the unhappy-position of a new arrival hero taking part in the Government, and he certainly astonished me when I recollect some of the hon. and learned member's own antecedents — when I recollect that he became an author when first he came to this country, and as he distinguished himself as an J author,- 1 will read for the benefit of, the House and of I posterity what he says. , Ho addresses a 2s pamphlet to tho Mayor of Melbourne on the subject of the Constitu tion :— TO THE niOUT WORSItirFt'I. THS MA YOU OP TH2 CITV OP MELBOURNE. Sir,— These pages come before the publlo committed to your pntronage nnd protection, as I conceive you to bo the most I proper patron or a pamphlet of this nature. I . Assailed by the worst species of despotism— the tyranny of a \ aelf-svffieicnt press-^ou stood forth as the ehampion'of li berty. By coming forward as a candidate at the late election 1 you enabled your constituents to nsstvt their independence, and to declare their unalterable determination not to be die-' tated to by aaonymous scribes. To you, their Chief Magistrate and representative, the citizens of Melbourne now point as the individual who, in spite of obusivo epithets and libellous in sinuations, enabled them to escape from the thraldom with which they were threatened. To you, therefore, though a perfect stranger, I beg to inscribe theso pages, in acknowledg ment of the services which you hive performed for the people, by resisting tho encroachments of their greatest foo ; and I have the honor to subset ibo inysclf, Your most obedient servant, The Author. 70, Chancery Lance, June, 1853. (Chocrs and laughter.) Well, Sir, after this comes a long dissertation upon constitutional history, and so on, and I will delay tho House only by reading an extract or two to show how tho hon. and learned member has changed his views on the subject of the public lauds in this colony since ho has become the advocate of tho squatters. After describing the important question which he has got to deal with, the hon. gentleman pro ceeds to describe himself. He says : — It may seem rather presumptuous in vx obscure individunl, who has not been three months in the colony, to 'tusk into print ' so soon, and on such .1 subject, but a feeling of attach ment to his adopted country has induced him to attempt, by fair and legitimate means, to impress upon bis fellow colonists that tho new form of Government must bo built upon the Im perial basis o' Queen, Lords, and Commons. There is in every country a class of persons who are pleased to designate themselves ' The People,' and to deny that appel lation to all who do not adopt their own peculiar views. For tliatclass these pages aro not intended. They are for thinking ' men ; not for rash and speculative innovators, who, having no opinions of their own, would, in compliance with tho unmeaning howl of n besotted populace, or tho frantic veilings of a degraded press, make a sacrifice of all that is good or worth presi rving. Tho mob orator of publio meetings, like the drum in a re gimental band, though very empty,- miikcs a very great noise. Instead of argument, ho uses abuse : and Instead of anneals to tho Judgment and understandingof his audience, he appeals to their worst passions; and whon every thing that can prevent their forming a ooi-reet opinion has been insidiously laid bo foro them, they aro made, like puppets, to pass resolutions oondommuory of every body, and everything. We aro then told that 'publio opinion' is very strong on sucli and auoh matters, una thut, u ''demonstration'' hao takon plaoo in favor of them j the faot bolng, that the ' public' do not oaro n rush about the thing in which they aro reported to havo taken so muoh interest ; while tho demonstration was nothing but a hole- and-corner meeting of somo half-a-dozcn mal-cuntents. Tho people of this oolohy are not yet completely ' pressrid den,' and if they got uudcr that yoke it would ba of very littlo use to talk about a New Constitution. The ' fourth estate' is the despot whom tho other three have too muoh reason to dread. Three months ! whilst the hon. tho Commissioner of Public Works has been consured for having been hero only a year (Great laughter.) The honorable, learned, and constitutional member dovelopod now' doctrines on -.the land question, in that pamphlet which I'would like to see him reconcile with his extreino views, with res pect to the orders in Council. The country which a nation Inhabits, whother that nation has emigrated in 11 body, or that tho different faiuiliiis.of which it consists were previously scattered over the country, and there uniting formed themselves into a politic.il society— that country, says Vattel, is the settlement of the nation, and it has a peculiar and exclusive right to it. The learned author of the 'Law of Nations' then proceeds to explain that their right comprehends, first, the Domain, by virtue of which tho nation alone may use this country for the supply of its necessities, may dispose of it as it thinks proper, aud derive from it every advantage it is capable of yielding. There is cartainly a great deal in this pamphlet which induces me to recommend it for re-publication especially at this present time, a3 it will become so very valuable in connection with the hoaorable mover of tho reso lution in this House. (Hear, hear.) Now, sir, what I have stated with regard to the land question is per fectly trua. A bill was drawn ignoring the Orders in Council. in the first instanco, and a second one was drawn since the honorable gentleman opposite became Attorney-General, and he reiterates all the rights of tho squatters in that bill. Mr FELLOWS : I have never seen it. Mr O'SHANASSY: There was found in tho G3 vernment Printing Office a second bill, and I refer to that as shewing in this as in other mitters that the change of Government has been highly beneficial, oven as far as it has gone, to the best interests of the people of this country. Now, sir, what will bo the effect of this resolution if carried ? Will it be to lay down a precedent in the first instance, in regard to parliamentary Govern ment ani parliamentary history, as a parliamantary re cord of what is to bo followed on all occasions ? Shall it be, that as soon as the gontlomen now holding office aro displaced,, for they expected to be displaced, — that as soon as another Government is formed, — that when the now men go to their constituents, and one or two of them li'ippen to be rejected, as has happened over and over again, in all countries where a system of respon sible Government has been followod, — as for instance, in the mothor-countryj — shall it happen that when four or . five of their members come buck to this House that any other person will bo justi fied in bringing forward a vote of want of confidence, and upon 'tho very samo ground? If tho hon. member for the Murray is associated with the hoii. member for thn City, or tho hon. member for Brighton with the hon. member for South Grant, or any other four, I do not care whore you choose them, tho majority may immediately go to the other side, pass a resolution of want of confidence against them, and say, ' You cannot by any possibility bring forward your measures, nor any measures fuvorable to the country. ' You are incongru.-ms — you have lost one or two of your law officers, and you shall have no trial in this House, and we will destroy the notion of the Governmont.' Sir, that is the precedent that the hon. and learned member would lay down to-night, and I tell him that it is a bad procedent, and not calculated to serve the cause of liberty and good Government. It is not in consonanco with the spirit of tho Constitution, and it will practically bring about a rabid system of Republicanism. That, Sir, is an inevi tablo conclusion if you go on in the courso of action which has been commenced to night — that any person displeased with the persons of tho Government may come forward with only one day's notico and say, 'I see only sixteen, or seventoen, or twenty in support of tho Ministry — call for a division — aud then I take hon. gen tlemen on the result' — and what is that? Why, that the Governor has become a more machino in their hands, and that his duties shall consist of registering their acts, and thereby they will carry into effect the worst species of Republican Government, because there would; be no check to its action. (Hear, hear.) Sir, when I speak of republican institutions, I would wish to remind the hon. and learned member who has brought forward this motion, that there are no checks in this constitution to meet tho view of the case which he is putting before the country. A republican form of government provides for the case where the sudden action of a majority brings about a stato of things para lysing tho machinery of tho Government. But What is there here ? Hero wo havo a form of constitution which is intended as much as possible to reflect the constitu tion of tho mother country. The effect of this motion, if carried, would be, it is , clear, that the Go vernor of this country woald have no function comparatively, but must yield to the majority, without any reason given, unless objections to Government on personal grounds. And this brings me to the question of measures not men., so much spoKen of this evening. I never advo cated any doctrine like that. I hold that the men who aro associated with mo aro capablo of fulfilling the offices to which they are appointed, and I say that their personal characters are unimpeachable, and 'I say, therefore, on personal grounds they are fit for their offices; but 1 go . further, and say what is tho reason that hon. members, will not listen to our mea sures, and are so anxious to burke enquiry into tho measures that the Government are willing to bring forward. Why, Sir, they know tho list that I have read of the failures on the part of the Government which has been five years in office, and they know that the measures about to be introduced are consonant to the wishes of the people of this country. And there is another reason, that perhaps they think we are capable of carrying a land question detrimental to their in terest ; and there is a third reason, and one that I havo alluded to in my former speeches, — to prevent, if possi ble, the action of free HesponsibleGrovornmenthero. (No, no.) Yes, Sir, I say yes ; and I say that carrying on a system of governnent as they propose to do, by having professional heads in tho two great departments in this country, would practically prevent the action of Respon sible Government by means of duly constituted majori tie in this House. You cannot find a Captain Clarke, or a Captain Pasley every day iu tho week — wo havo had some trouble in finding the latter and trust we will have no difficulty in getting rid of tho former. Sir, I sav that practically they would prevent the carrying out of that system, and therefore they avail themselves of the opportunity to prevent my colleagues and myself bringing forward tho two measures we have promised upon this subject, by which we are mwprepared to put an end to that system, and allow our successors groeter facilities in constructing a Government in this country for the time to corao. (Hea;1, hear.) Sir, I heard aa hon. membor spsak about these two Boards, and he spoke of it ai a question of expense, and spoke about our desire to create patronage. I repel that insinuation, I say there is noihiag of the kind, arid I venture to say when these measures aro submitted to Parliament it will be seen that there is no object of patronage in them. The question of patronage is a mere cipher in comparison with the great works to be undertaken, and the management of that great pro perty that wo desire to dispose of in the face of dav. Sir, they never originated anything like this Land scheme, aud never dreamt of it. They talk about sale by auction, but how. did they bring it into operation ? They have sold in this country in 20 years some 2,000,000 of acres. I would sell that quantity in 4 years, or even in . less than that — in two years. Tho hon. gentleman who has talked about the expense of the Land Board is in a curious position with regard tohis late^departmenl, Tho expenses pf his de partment have cost tho eouiltry 5s. an acre for the sur vey and management of the land already sold; the pro posed Cost this year has been about £140,000, whereas M»c''™ new Bill, it would be not more than £50,000 or £60,000. I am told by an hon. gentleman that it is not a dignified thing for a Minister of tho Crown to speak of the past measures of the Government just gono out, but it is my justification that they were put out because they could not govern wis'ely and well, and they now seek to come back in ano ther name to carry out tho samo system. jWi' ' nlt * have done witu the honorable and learned member and his motion, and I come to another honorable member, for I intend to follow them down in succession. I come to the honorablo member Mr Hoalei,— that honorablo gentleman who was an advocate for almost the very same kind of measures that I have been endeavoring to enforcs ; nnd he made it a ground of complaint ngainBt me that one of my col leagues in standing for East Bourke had a particular advantage by having a polling place given him at Donnybrook. Does tho hon. gentleman know that in.sayinfj that, ho was conveying to tho hon\ gentleman who is sitting alongside of him the most marked and sarcastic censure, for their Electoral Act compelled the Government to grant polling places if reason was shown. In this ? case there -were 300 electors in that district, and twice as many polled as in some of the other divisions. Is it right that I should bo accused of granting a polling placo to the inhabitants, when the Act of the Lagislaturo which I protested against, compelled me or the Governor iu Council upon being requested to do it? When that Act was beforotheLegislative Council, I did complain in my place that whatever Government was mpowor, although it might bo the most immaculate would bo charged with partiality in administering the electoral law of this country,- and so it happoned to the last Government, and the same charges havo been made against me. . Sir, if the hon. member had paid atten tion to tho affairs of this country ho would havo known that my proposition was to tako the arrangement out of tho hands of tho Government of the day altogether and to place it in tho hands of an independent tri -unal. That was my proposition, and it comes with bad. grace from tho other side to speak about granting polling places to the candidate who happoned to bo a member of tho Ministry. Ho said that every artifice was used by tho Ministry to secure that hon. member's return. I do not know of any artifice that was used. I never usod any in ray place as an. independent member of this House, and least of all havo I done so siuce I accepted office, not havinor even used thn cnmninn «.-.v;_ leges otiaon who aftcept office. ? 1 haronot mado a single salaried appointmentsince Ientered upon offico. (cheers.) Then, sir, I come to the hon. member, Mr. Sargood, to whom I have already alluded, and I cannot account for it upon what principle ho can support this vote of want of confidenca against me. I believe thatho was bound by evcry principle of consistency to suppoit me in forming a Government, and I conscientiously believe that he agrees in tho main with tho principles I have enun ciated, except with tho differences that may, aud always will, exist, on certain matters; but in the main he has popular ideas, and wishes to see them carried out, and heroforo I cannot understand for the life of me why ho ; refuses to support a Government pledged to carry out his own views. Then wo have Mr Servico and he gives as a reason for supporting this resolution, a very extraordinary one,— that tho Government wants dignity. What does ho mean by want of dignity ? Does ho moan that wo must necessarily bo born aristo crats ? Is it not sufficient for him that wo are men of honesty, and that we havo mado characters for ourselves in this country, aud that we have thoso characters to sustain ? Is not that sufficient for tho hon. gentleman ? How does ho reconoilo- his position ? We find that he pledged himself to many of my friends to givo me a fair trial, Sir, I hold in my hand a letter to prove what I say about that hon. gentleman, signed by a respectable citizen of this town. Tho letter is one from Mr. Cashmoro, Iwho asked him what he meant to do Mr SERVICE : There are two sides to the qubstion, and it is not fair to make a statement of that kind without giving me an opportunity of auswerine it. Mr O'SHANASSY: The hon. gentleman who se conded the motion repeated the statement against me and my colleagues— tho statement which I am per fectly ready to meet. 1 say I did not take means to to tho extent of that pencil to influence the elections in his caso. My honor was pledged to tho hon. tho Attorney- General to support him iu the oleetiou for tho city, oomo who would ; and when he rotirod from it I refused to give my support to Mr Murphy or any man elso, and I believe if the hon. and 'c«u™ Auorney-ureneral naa remained ns a can didate for tho oity he would havo beaten tliepair of you. I do not know whether I am trespassing too much upon tho House. My intention was to have gone through every one of tho statements made 011 that sulo of tho House, and to havo shown with regard to every 0110 of thoso statements how littlo thero is to justify this vote, and how much, in fact, thero is to provo that it was a preconcerted measure, and an act of revenge on the part of some, and an act of fear on tho part of others ; and those gentlemen, whntevor they may do, who combine together, may find that thoy are now following a dangerous' and reckless course. (Cheers.) Sir, I do not want to detain this House much longer. I had a great deal moro to say and a good many extracts to cite, but at this hour I teel tho House would not Iio prepared to go through them. I wish to tell this House that the affairs of the country will not justify the courso tho other side have taken. There aro many political and social circum stances in relation to this country which ought to show them the danger thoy aro running. For example, I found the penal establishments in the most violent dis order ; and if we had not taken very efficient and prompt action, we should have had something to de plore oven greater than we havo had ; and I say there is nothing to call for or justify a change of Government at this moment, when those establishments are actually borderingupon astate of mutiny, and the men cannot be allowed out to work. Sir, there aro many important measures which I am anxious to see carried out to their full development, and I say that this is not a time to trifle with the affairs of tho country. Already a great deal of mischief may have arisen, and 1 repent that there is nothing in the circumstances of this country to justify the courso that is now boing taken. I say that thoso gentlemen are justly worthy of blame who rush from one extreme to tho other, — who tako everything with a high hand in the first instance, and finding that they are checked in their* career, are not content to tako a moderatp course, but rush into tho opposite extreme. That is a proceeding that by the country will be universally condemned. Look at tho opinions ex pressed in tho mother country relating to tho affairs of New South Wales. Look at tho articles in the Times as to the sudden changes of Government in New South Wales, the Donaldson Ministry running away the moment they received the first shock of battle. Read that article through, — let any candid person road it through, aud say if the criticism of the Times, separated as. the mother country is from us by 16,000 miles, is not a just one ; and whether our conduct to-night is not as bad. Am I to bo told that our credit is being injured becauso I am at the head of affair3 ? — a man who has been a reformer all his life, and who has saved millions of money to this country ; or am I to bo told that our securities aro damaged in England becauso Mr Fostor hold offico horo ? I am not dependent upon tho advico of the Treasurer alone : I havo the advico of Mr Chapman, Mr Home, and Mr Duffy, and my own practical experience of affairs in this country ; and I have the advice of my talented young friend here who, I say, would bear comparison with any gentleman in this Houso in every point of view. I am not going to injure the State in any way.1 I have looked at tho fin. ances of the country generally, as well as superintended my own department, and know how they stand. Talk not then about jeopardising character, because Borne 'institution' in the town haa written home ' on tho subject. (Hear, hear.) Tho hon. gentleman feeling soro at his sudden removal from office, when ho was turned out of tho offico of Chief Commissioner of Customs,— with the rest of tho Government—the gentleman who has succeeded him has been assailed in lis absence for joining the present Government ; and I have been assailed on the ground that I could have got a better man. and therefore I ought not to have taken him because he is a bonded storekeeper. I pride myself sir, on the fact that I have selected men who have been able to raise themselves from tho ranks of industry by their past career, and who have proved themselves to have been well qualified to fill any position. I am proud to affirm that the hon. gentleman, Mr. Greeves, is well qualified to fill that post, and I say his interest as a bonded storekeeper has no connection with him ns Com missioner of Trade and Customs. Mr GOODMAN : A bonded store-keeper Is an officer under the Commission of Trade and Customs. Mr O'SHANASSY: That is a nice distinction, but ho is not interested in the tariff; ho has no interest in making a change of tariff, to run it up several thousand pounds for tho purpose of putting it in his own pocket. know, sir, something about tarifls in this country. I have seen their operations. I say, sir, then on the grounds of personal capacity and personal integrity, and. upon the grounds of measures already announced to this House, — measures, the principles pf which, have received the sanction of this people, of this country, ? thereis a justification' for the 'motion before the H6u3e this day. I say sir, that making changes of Govern ment as you aro very likely to have, for it is not to be disguised that the samo policy is to bo followed again, and you may have a new Government after every elec tion. Changes of Government may go on periodically, and go on in effect until this House cannot come to any other conclusion in the end, then that this Constitution i3 a farce. Talk about getting a good Government ! and a strong Government out of all classes of men, and so on you may choose men two or three who may bo tha best in the House, and then you may be turned round upon and be told you have picked out tho wor- it, and you may bo told that you have completely failed ivheii you feel youiself that you have been eminently successful, and you may be told in tho face of day that your selection is bad, when you feel that you have men associated with you, chosen as representativos of this country, and men you ara proud to call colleagues. As far as I am concerned, I deny the proposition, I spurn the allegation. With regard to tho compliments ' that have been paid to myself personally, I receive those compliments from some as offered to mo with the utmost sincerity,' but. from others, I receivo them as tho mere cant and hypocrisy of men who hnto my political principles, and wish to put an extinguisher upon them, and this is tho truth of tho matter, and I should, bo unworthy of my name imd of he character which I do hold in this country , were I I basely to desert the meu who lit hore to lupport me to-day. (Cheers.) You inrite the general of this faith ful little army., in the face of day, to unite with you, who have striven to .wound, his fellow soldiers ; but I spurn tho overture as I would a snake. (Cheers.) Sir, you may form your Governments, but you shall form, them without me. 1 will join in no unprincipled cabal to make a strong Government, or one that you may please to say is a strong Government. I say that strong Governments in that sense are dangerous. Take a strong Government out of a number of CO, and will that not be practically independent of the re mainder, and likely to spurn all advices given. to them, and say, ' We are tho Governmont, go you and oust us if you can.' Why, Sir, that is true despotisni. I wonder that argument did not strike tho . acute mind of the hon. and learned member for the city when ho spoke of despotism— Is this tho very way to give effect to despotism under tho color of a conBti tional form of Government ? (Hear, hoar.) On tho contrary, the division of parties gives the best security for a system of watchful superintendence over publio affairs, and for the preservation of public liborty. Now, Sir, I will allude to 0110 other subject. I havo looked anxiously at the gold-fields for tho last . throe or four years. I looked upon them at tho time I was sent on a Commission of ^Enquiry, with a groat deal of interest, and thero is in the report of tho Commission of Enquiry a paragraph, the insertion of which- I myself advocated. In which I urged upon the Government the immediate necessity of throwing open tho lands of this country ns the only safe-guard for all associated happiness and onward pro gress ; but it has been slightly done indeed, and I ven ture to say, that unless- a speedy action be takon in the settlement of that population by means of rapid ; Legislation on the Land Question — let there but be a falling off in our gold-fields with all its attendant conse quences, — and'most lamentable results may ensue ; and I warn them that I throw tho con sequences of the results upon tho gentlemen who have taken this factious course. (Hear, hear.) Sir, I could have occupied tho time of this House much longer, but I feel 1 havo trespassed upon it too much. (Cries of no, no, from both sides.) Whatever my fato may bo in this country, I am thankful to say that, as regards myself personally, I have always received at the , hands of this House every consideration. I have no doubt that I havo had my failings and my faults. I freely acknowledge . them, but they arise from a warmth of manner and disposition, but never from any desire to do wrong or to givo offence. (Cheers from the Opposi ? ' tion.) Sir, I acknowledge these faults, and I do so be causo I havo been reported as saying that I looked upon myself as infallible. I do nothing of tho sort, but I do ' say at tho time of the election speaking generally, nnd it has been very unfairly used against me, that I had nothing to. regret in my political career. And, Sir, I ' have nothing to regret to this hour. I thank the Houso most cordially for hearing mo so patiently, and now I leave the matter in their hands. (Mr O'Shanassy re sumed his seat amid general and prolonged applau3e.) 