f SOPßBME OOÜBT.-MONDAY. {Abridged from the Berala.) '""' First Day of Fifth Term. '».''» Î r .Be'°re the full Oiurl. fraser v. nott. This wai a motion,' on notice, to eet aside an order mad« bya'Judge in chambers. By the order, the notice tor n new trial In the case had keen taken au* the file, not having been given in duo time. The defendant had filed His notice on thesevanth day, assuming thnt Windermere, hit place of rciidence was fpore than 1Q0 miles from Sydney, lu which case eight days would be allowed. In support of the order it was contended that the diitanoe should be measured "as the crow fies," in which case Windermere was within the 100 tnllei. Their Honora held that that the distance should be computed according to tha ordinary mod« of, travelling, but owing to the conflicting nature of the affidavit«, Ih» case wat adjourned till Thursday week with luve to file additional affidavits. Animal Saoafjitt.-The following instance of the sagaoity of a cow will servo to show tliat evon horned cattle are, to a certain extent, toaolmblo, and that a cow during lier lifetime may ho of some use baromi giving; milk and rearing calvos. Tho cow I sneak of is the pro- perty of a settler on the Lachlan ; she isa small brinillo boast, with small hoop horns. Some years ago it was accidentally noticed that she was particularly prompt at crossing water, nppoaring to bo rather fond of it than otherwise. Now it is well known that mobs of cattle hare often great objection to taking the water, and that frequently it is'both a long and difficult matter to persuade a mob of cattle to cross a stream, the greatest part of tho difficulty being in getting any of the cattle to lead off. It oc- curred, thorefore, to the proprietor of this cow that she might be used as a sort of decoy to lead herds of cattle into the river, and being in the habit of sending off mobs of fat cittlo to tho Melbourne market, ho thought she might prove of much service to him in helping to lead the cattle across the Laohlan and the Murrum- bidgee. Accordingly when the noxt mob of catflo that required to bo crossed over the Laohlan were collected, this cow was placed amongst them, and as soon as the herd ap- proached the river she drew ahead, plunged in, and by the force of her good example caused all the cattle to cross the stream in a very short period. When on the opposite bank she was allowed to creep away from .the mob and was observed to re-cross the river immediately and make back to her feeding ground. From that day to this she has constantly been usod in the same sort of business, and has, I believe, never boen found to fail in performing the work required of her. "When she passes tne Murrum- bidgee vi til cattle Bhe sometimes re-crosses into a paddook, -when she at once trots up to the slip panels and waits to be let out, and as soon as sho is free walks off straight towards the Lach- lan, where, in tho course of a few hours she may be observed feeding in her accustomed locality as quietly as if sho had never left it. When placed amongst a mob of cuttle she appears to fee aware that sho is put there to deceive them, as she hides herself in tho thickest of the crowd and never shows herself prominently until the moment for crossing arrives. Some bullocks which havo been at one time or other led astray by her sagacity, but havo afterwards, by some moans, escapod from the mob and made back to their run, only, however, to ho again sent away, seem to Temcmbor tho cow very well, and do not fail to butt at her on nil possible occa- sions. She, however, seldom appears to resent such treatment, perhaps being aware that she deserves it, and that sho is fully entitled to the appellation which sho now always bears, namely, " The Bogue."-Lower Murrumbidgee Corre- spondent of the S. M. Herald. Acdurv.-Tim Crops.-We regret to state within the last few days/signs of decay has pre- sented itself in tho corn crops of our neighbour- hood. Wo were informed last evening that a farmer at Howlong, who has 100 acres of wheat, is likely to loso 40, from the grub having attacked tho root of the plant, causing it to turn yellow and die ; in other quarters, the fly has struck the leaf, completely destroying it as in the case of the cabbage, and for which no effec- tual remedy has been discovered. The future for the agriculturist is sufficiently gloomy, and unless present prospects brighten, the season of 1857-58 will prove a most disastrous one for the farmer and the colony generally ; we hear that a similar disaster has happened to the coreáis in Adelaide.-Correspondent of Herald. Commercial.-Wa have been favoured by a mercantile firm with a letter from Messrs. Peele, Habbell, and Co.; dated Manila August 8th, 1857, and from which we extract as follows :--. " We have to advise you of a still advancing sugar market. The Augustine, French barque; arrived from Melbourne on the 31st, and some 800 piouls current sugar were bought for her at 13 and 13Jd dollars per picul, and for the Gharra, arrived on the 6th instant, purchases have been made at 13 dollars for Pnmpanga, and lSJr dollars for current clayed. They both are loading for Melbourne. In nnclayed sugar nothing has been done lately, and we do not alter our quotations since date of our monthly circular. Coffee is scarce, ond last sales were made at 17 dollars per picul in silver, equal at Ë resent rate of dollars to 21J dollars per picul, «¡bango on good demand at 4s. 3d. for 6 months' bills, and 4s. l|d. for 30 days' bill on London. This vessel (the AblaBsawaard) takes some cigars on freight at £2 for SO feet, and offered to receive cordage and coffee at £2 17s. 6d. per ton of 16 and l8 owt. The Eagle arrived on tho 5th, from Adelaide, and loads to Liverpool.-S. M. Herald, Oct. 27. Wollongong Literarv and Debatino So ctEtv.-The first half-yearly meeting of the Wollongong Literary and Donating Society was held on the 20th instant. The report, which was adopted, stated that tho number of mem- bers had increased to sixty-nine. The receipts had amounted to £15, the expenditure to £6. A balance of £8 was in hand.-Abridged from the Illawarra Mercury, Oct. 26, Land Sale at Eden.-I have to inform you that a sale of land took place at the Police Olfico, Eden, on the 1st- instant, consisting of farms at this place for the most part, and some few between this and Merrimbula, at Wallagott Lake. They we're all sold (but one or two of but small value, being in number about thirtv three. Several only fit for grazing purposes were sold for the upset price-but great com- petition existed for such as wero suitable for agricultural purposos-£3 12s. being realised por acre for two or three, and £4 in one instance. I feel convinced that as many farniB again as wero offered would have been sold. 1 know of several who did not go down to the sala, as there were so many buyers ; they did not like to exposo themselves to tho trouble, expense, and sickening reaction of a disappoint- ment. Tho amount realised was over £4000. Bega Correspondent of Illawarra Mercury. Bega.-The Crops, &c.-We; have, for the last week, had cloudy warm days and nights, and on Monday the heat was oppressive all day, with occasional thunder accompanied by light showors, which, in the evening, increased to steady rain for a couple of hours. Vegeta- tion, I neod scarcely observe, is flourishing. Tho wheat is looking well; our farmers are husy planting tho potato crop, and barley sow- ing is nearly over,-Bega Correspondent of Illawarra Mercury. The Parramatta Fresh Water Dam.--The Eolice magistrate, and Mr. Oakes, M.P., have otli written to tho Government on tho subject of immediate repairs being required to the Dam. Thoro aro nearly six thousand inhabitants at Parramatta, and" a considerable portion of the number are supplied with water trom the river. Before the late rains the water in the Dam had ? decreased very rapidly, and was lower than it formerly was after months of dry weather, the Dam is now in such a lamentable state'that unless the Government take immediato steps to mend it, and a dry summer ensues, thero is a certainty of the inhabitants of Parramatta being put to mvoh inconvenience from the difltonlty of obtaining tbe greatest necessity of life. There has been three hundred pounds placed upon the Estimates for this purpose, surely part of this money might be at once expended in this need- ful work without any delay.-Herald's Par- ramatta Correspondent. Wollongong.-The Weather.-The weather has boon most unsottled this week past.' Un Monday it commenced, to rain about mid-day, and continued without intermission until Tues cay ovoning. Since thon it has been repeatedly broken by heavy and long showers. On Friday it commenced to blow with the utmost violence from the south-east, and continued till about sundown on Saturday. The effect of the weather upon the roads Has boon most detrimental to trafile of all sorts ; this inconvenience, however, will rapidly vanish before the fino weather with which we are now blossed. The rain, hon ever, will be welcomed heartily by the farmers. Vegetation has reoeived a wonderful impetus by it, the wheat crops and the grass could not bear a moie favourable aspect, whilst the ground has been softened for the plough.-Illawarra Mer- cury, October 26. Flood at Tumut.-For this last week the balance of elementary power has been totally destroyed in our district, by the incessant down^ pouring, and consequent up-rising of water. Water, that loured in black masses of cloud,"and fell in endless streams from every 'point of tbo compass, that shrouded in milt to« mounttint, and trailed in leaden colored stroaks across the valleys-that got the wind to blow away loose shingles, and. fell into our l>ack:parlours in a serios of playful cascades-that all night long stole through the roof, and fell with an unearthly noise upon the carpet-that washed away the smaller articles of clothing, suoh as boots, and made an umbrella as indispensable to a night's repose as a nightcap iteelf--that out of doors turned dray-ruts into creeks, and creeks into rivers, until at length tho river roso, and absorbing nil smaller streams-Swelled into mi inland sen. l?rom the elevated ground on which the town stands, the look-out was exceedingly dismal. The Bombala flats were dotted with lakes, or intersected by rivers ; tho flats upon which the old township stood, and lound which the rjver, in its peaceful moods, quietly moan dors, wore turned into an immense^ lake, from which the trees sprang like aquatic monstro- sities ; and Body's new mill, and one or two deserted buildings of the old town, rose like detoohed portions of a neighbouring Venico, through, which lake, not only one but half a dozen rivers were rushing. It was feared that considerable damage must have resulted to the farms on tho low lands, but from all I can hear suoh fears are groundless. A great deal of fencing has been carried away, but the crops from being tolerably forward, and consequently well rooted, havo sustained but Blight injury, and with one or two unfortunate exceptions, where the current of water has swept away gardens, and almost the whole of the snrfaco ground, nothing very serious has resulted, save such incideptal casualties as a reluctant porker, or a few head of poultry, going out, liko harks, with the tide. Two or three feet more of water, and there would have been a different tale to tell. Thank Heaven, I am spared that tusk. From a damp traveller, I learn that North and South Gundagai, for the last week, have been divided not only by a river, but a sea.-Goul- burn Chronicle, Oct. 24. Floods at Wagga Wagga.-Fearful Loss of Likb.-The_ following is an extract from a letter from Wagga'Wagga, dated 18th inst. '. " We have hau a heavy fresh in the river, the consequence of the fearful rains with which we havo oeen visited, but the water didnot get quite into the town. It is now subsiding fast, having frightened sadly all those residing in low situations. As usual there has been some loss of life, through accidental drownings. Toor Dr. Packer, on his return from Goulburn assizes to Balranald, was drowned at North Wagga Wagga on Tuesday last, and on Thurs- day evening a man was drowned at Church's. Information has just been received of another unfortunate having perished in a creek near hero, last evening, at sunset. No doubt others have perished in other places, every valley, as well as every creek having been washed by a torrent. We have had no mails from Sydney, Yass, or Goulburn, since the 5th'instant-a fort- night back." We ore informed that one of the porsons referred to by our correspondent was Mr. Daniel Driscoll, of Maneroo.- Goulburn Herald, Oct. 24. Ghost sees in Yass.-A littlo furore was .created in town on Wednesday evening, by tin assertion that one of the most energetic of our constabulary hud seen the apparition of one of our lately departed neighbours, who had come rather late to giveevidence at the inquest held over his own remains. After having appeared to one or two of his former friends, no crossed the path of the worthy constable, who, remem- bering a hoax of a similar nature which had been playod upon him some twelve months ago, and on which occasion he was laughed at for having taken to his heels and bolted, with a degree of courage that would be creditable to a Crimean dragoon, immediately gave chase, exclaiming in the most Stentorian voice his excited state would admit of-"Bo you man or woman, ghost or devil, begone, or I'll put you in the lock-up!" But the representative of neither " flesh, blood, nor bones" was toogood a judge to bo caught in such a " trap," bo the moment after the hero of the P.E1. threatened the terrors of the law, it, like Hamlet's father's ghost, vanished out of view ! It's dauntless pursuer stood bewildered for some seconds; but all his subsequent at- tempts to penetrate the mystery attached to the strange visitant have proved unsuccessful One or two other persons assert they saw the appari- tion, in the same locality, at a later hour in the evening ; but whether the whole affair was a silly " lark" porpetrated by some .unknown, ora mere fancy on the part of those who say they are witnesses, it is difficult to say.-Yass Courier, Oct. 24. Tue Denison Bridge.-The repairs of the damage sustained by this structure during the last flood are progressing, the sunken portion is, by the application of the usual mechanical appliances, gradually attaining its horizontal position. With fine weather we doubt not that the injuries it has sustained will be fully re- paired, but whether anything will be done to prevent a recurrence of such injuries by future Hoods, we are not aware. One thing must have been observed during the last inundation that the river waB fast scooping out afresh track for itself on the Kelso side, and that unless some- thing in the shape of a breakwater be con- structed to repel its inroads the bridge will at no very distant period lie "high and dry." Bathurst Free Press, Oct. 24. The Condemned Criminal.-Wednesday's moil brought a warrant, under the hands of .the Administrators of the Government, for the execution of Walsh, convicted of the murder of Mr. Graham, of Balranald. The execution has been fixed for Wednesday, the 4th of November. On Thursday morning, soon after the receipt of the death warrant, the wretched criminal was visited by Mr. W. Chatfield (the Visiting Justice}, anti Mr. H. Forster (the gaoler), who intimated to him the decision of tneExeeutive, and warned him to make prepa- ration for his awful fate. Walsh's conduct in gaol has been excellent, and he is very thank- ful for every net of kindness shown him. Ho is closely attentive to his religious exercises, and is visited twice n day by a clergyman of tho Catholic Church.- Goulburn Herald, Oct. 24. The Weather.-Oct. 4.-Last Saturday the summer made a sudden attempt to establish itself in this locality, much to the astonishment of everybody, as no preparations had been made for so early a visit. Tho thermometer, which on the Thursday had only stood 77, now rose to 87\. The following day, Sunday, was excessively sultry, and at 2 p.m. the thermometer was at 90, the highest which it has attained to durino the present season. On tho Monday the boat began to decrease, and in the after part of the day there was some thunder and lightning and a tew slight showers.-.fléraíd'» Lower Mur- rumbidgee Correspondent. i jjathürst.-The Weather,-We continue to bo visited by showors, and notwithstanding the , occasional prevalence of high winds, the ground remains sutliciontly moist to promote the rapid growth of vegetation, and to render travelling of all sorts 'anything but pleasant. The emerald green of onr plains is really delightful | to look upon, and the crops promise to exceed anything experienced in Bathurst for many years past in point of abundance.-Bathurst 'Free Tress, Oct. 24. < TnB Turee Rivers.-The Darling still keeps up, and is said to be higher than it was ever known to be before ; the late rise in the Murray will serve to prevent it from falling for some little while, and enBuro plenty of water remain- ing during the whole summor. The Lachlan still overflows its banks, and continues to flood the low grounds in its immediate vicinity. The contrast between tho appearance of this river two years ago and its present state is very striking. Then a person could walk along the bed of the river, as it waa quite dry, with the exception of a few small waterholes at long dis i tancos tram each other, and even they were so I very scarce and held so little water that many Bottlers were obliged to vacate their runs for want of a sufficiency for themselves and cattle ; the feed was then vor) bad indeed, and the numerans blaokoned remnants of trees so notice- able along the'Laohlan, helped to give the locality an appearance of desolation and »rotchedness not often, to be surpassed, even in, Australia. . Now the scene has changed. The eyo beholds a tolerably wide, swift-running stream, on both sides of which there is ft con,? sidcrable extont of flooded land, where the grass grow» most luxuriantly, Many of the burnt «tumps are under water, and'the fresh foliage ob, the young trees serves to conceal many others, tot frog*, always partial to water, har» accumulated in vast numbers, and koop up surli an incessant croaking, both du\ und night, that thonoise is almost deafening. 'Wild ducks ¡>poit over tho swamps ; tho lois wends its way towards its retreat in the reeds : and numerous other splendid water birds enliven the scene and delight the eye. Tho Murrumbidgee has fallen very much, and all prospects of a flood are at an end for the present. The feed already commences to be parched, and unless the river rises again and floods the lowlands there will be a ^ery great scarcity of feed before the end of the summer.-Herald's Lower Murrumbidgee Correspondent. SuoAits.-Tlie Alster, Lord Burleigh, and Alblassawoard, bring Considerable supplies to our stocks of Manila produce The sugars are all, with the exception of about 100 tons, for the Sugar Company-part imported on their own account; the remainder being purchases made in Sydney, to arrive. We have also a small cargo from the Mauritius. From private advices to hand by the Alblassawoard, dated 8th August, we find prices still continued very high, and Pampanga are quoted 13 dollars to 13 dollars 25 cents ; Tan!, 8 dollars 45 cents £or picul. The markets, however, seemed a ttlo easier, and it was anticipated that parcels would shortly come to market. Coffee is again reported as higher ; last quotations at 22 dois, perpioul. These prices would stand in nearly lOd. per lb. In other produce nothing new to mention.-Empire, Oct. 27. Sikqujdab Charge or Arson.-The court of assizes of La Manche, a few days ago, tried a widow named Vigot, of Savigñy, for arson. Although sixty-five years of age, she was noted for her loose and immoral life, and for a long time maintained an intimate connection with one of the labourers on her farm, named Batiré. I This man, some months back, became wearied of the connection, and sought in marriage a young woman, named Herman, of the village, who possessed some land and farm "buildings. In the night o£,.the. lOttef^JFehruary, a-Jiro broke out in these premises, and spread so rapidly that thoy were burnt to tho ground. It appeared certain that the fire was wilfully caused, but by w horn could not bo discovered. On the 27th of tho same month a number of beehives belonging to Mile. Herman were des trojed by fire, and the fire was evidently caused wilfully. Traces of footsteps leading direct from the hives to widow Vigot's house were seen, so that she was suspected. It was found that her shoes fitted the marks in question -, some matches of a particular kind were picked up near the place where the hhes hod stood, and similar matches were found in her house; and lastlv, she alone of all the villagers bore ill will to Mile. Herman. The jury, not conceiving these proofs sufficient, acquitted her. 