PRINCESS'S THEATRE. On Saturday night Mr Henry Neil Warner made his first appearance this season at the above theatre after an absence of sixteen, months in the character of Hamlet Mr Warner met with a most flattering reception, being recalled at the end of the first, third, and fifth acts His reading of the charactor of Hamlet is both impressive and original, entirely free from rain and exhibiting proofs of much study but to many it would appear deficient in animation It is certainly unequal i Hhor pleasing than powerful full of promise rather than artistically finished Shakspere is a life study and Mr Warner a young in his profession but he has within him the elements of success He looks and dresses the character remarkably well and is fortunate in the possession of an agreeable voice and clear enun- ciation The play was otherwise well cast Mr Hoskins looked unexceptionable as the Ghost, his tall figure and appropriate shadowless of dress being all that was required, but his delivery savoured more of the pulpit than of the stage Never before was heard such a sermon from a ghost ' strange to say not a point was lost the solemn monotonousnoss of the long soliloquies providing by then sheer length, | and falling on the ear like a Gregorian chant Mr Vu bon was the King and rendered the part very carefully and creditably Mis 1 adds evidently not altogether at home in the character of the Queen yet got through it without accidents Mr Drummond made a good LwrUs but Mr Milnes Polonius was quite a curiosity although not such as we are disposed to reprehend too hastily It was neither loquacious enough nor officious enough nor did the same involuntary liumouiouancps of the character lose our Sufficiently Mr Howards Grave Digger was far from being so effective as it might have been to the Ophelia of Miss Fanny Young we must accord a well deserved tribute At the fall of the curtain Mr Black the Manager, opium forward and made his pro missed reply to the letter of the Misses Gougenheim, which appeared in the Saturday so papers He commented on the several para- pi typhus of the letter, and apparently quite to the satisfaction of the audience " BRADSHAW'S GUIDE The June number of Bradshaw has appeared, with a supplementary sheet of the arrival and departure of the mail steamers, together with the addition of a number of important matters in interesting to the general public. Among the new features are an engraving of List of Signals, with full description ; now information about Tasmania, Gipps' Land, Western Australia, Albury, &c.; The work continues to improve, and will daily be found There acceptable to all classes of the community. SUICIDE OF THE "FORGER, JOHN TURNER FOIMON.-It will be recollected that a short time since, John Turner Houston, a retired surgeon, formerly of Adelaide, was brought up at the Police Court, in this city, and remanded to Adelaide on the charge of forg- ing letters of credit to the amount of several hundred pounds, on the South Australian Banking Company. He was sent to Adelaide in custody of Detective Manwaring, on board the White Swan steamer, and just at the tions 1 circling port committed suicide by inflict are two frightful gashes on his throat with a razor. Manwaring had asked him to rise ii d wash himself on entering port, and was cr gaged in the act of washing himself, when he heard a dropping sound on the floor, and turning round saw his prisoner covered up in the bedclothes. Snspectingsomcthiugwroug, Manwaring turned down the clothes and discovered the act. Every care was taken of the prisoner, but he expired sixteen hours afterwards. During this time he endeavoured to tear the wound open in the most determined and desperate manner.. In his pocketbook was found in a try to the effect that he had resolved on self-destruction. No blame whatever can be attached to Manwaring, who had the greatest difficulty in staunching the blood until medical assistance could be procured. MEETING or JOURNEYMEN BAKERS, An adjourned meeting of journeymen bakers took place on Saturday evening, at the Belvidere Hotel, Collingwood, for the purpose of promoting a trade society, and the steps to be taken for shortening the hours of day labour. A number of rules, drawn up by a provisional commit In, vain submitted to the meeting, and for the most part adopted without also ration. By one of the rules, the hours of labour are fixed from it viz in the afternoon till I five in the morning, and Sunday baking is a totally forbidden, the rule in question was passed by a large majority, but not without considerable discussion. A number of delegates from other trades attended the meeting, and expressed their sympathy and desire of co-operation with the objects it had in view. The contemplated erection of a trades' hall, for the holding of meetings, &c;, was also adverted to, and a committee was understood to be sitting on the subject. Other minor matters of detail were mentioned in connection with a trades' hall, and the meeting separated with a vote of thanks to the chairman, Mr. Munday. 