WESTERN DISTRICT. (From the Bathurst Free Press of Wednesday.) THE LAND BILL That the five shillings an acre scheme, in the sale of our waste lands, and favour with many of our capitalists is attributable to the advantages which it offers them as a field of speculation, altogether irrespective of political attachment to the Cowper Ministry and the cant about the poor man's interests, which it professes to observe, is daily becoming more transparent. We have heard several decease their intention of buying up land, if the five shillings clause become law, to the extent of their resources. We shall thus have a species of landed aristocracy about us, whose wealth and position will give them an influence in the country which will militate vastly to its detriment And then will the people of this colony have occasion to curse -the day upon which the Cowper Ministry were called into power. A few more anon pieces of legislation and the country is ruined. THE DENISON BRIDGE The works of the Denison Bridge are rapidly approaching completion-a con- summation devoutly to be wished, inasmuch as the traffic across it has for some time been prohibited. A number of piles have been driven a depth of fourteen feet or upwards as a foundation for the pier on the Kelso bank of the Macquarie. From the comparative inconvenience suffered by the public since the Denison Bridge was injured by the flood, the public have been practically taught the value of the structure. INDUCTION. The induction of the Rev. James B. j Laughton to the pastoral charge of St. Stephen's Church, Bathurst vacant by the resignation of the Rev. K. D. Smythe, took place on Friday last according to the forms of the Church of Scotland. NEW PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH-A public meeting was held in St. Stephen's Church on Monday evening last, for the purpose of forwarding the erection of a new Presbyterian church and school-house on the site in the square, granted by Government to the Presbyterian body, the old building being both dilapidated and inadequate. Considering the day was a public holiday, the attendance was very respectable. Mr. George Busby took the chair, and the Rev. Mr. Laughton opened the proceedings with praise and prayer. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. Messrs. Purves and Laughton and by Messrs. Rankin, Machattie, White, and Bae. Subscriptions and collections were received amount- ing to upwards of £1000. THE NEW CHURCH OF SAINTS MICHAEL AND JOHN. On Monday last, the laying the foundation stone of this structure took place, on the Feast of St. Andrew. The event has been long looked forward to by the Roman Catholics of the District of Bathurst His Grace the Archbishop came from Sydney for the purpose of officiating. After blessing the stone, and sprinkling it with holy water, his Grace, taking a trowel in his hand, engraved six crosses upon the face of the stone, saying "In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," the choir afterwards singing the Litany of the Saints. Immediately after, the Archbishop being mined, and the cement having been prepared, the choir sang the 126th Psalm Nisi Dominus miificaverit, " Unless the Lord build the house," and his Grace then proceeded to lay the first stone in the foundation, the trowel and mallet being handed to him by Mr. Henderson, the architect of the church and engineers employed on the preparation of the foundations, DEATH OF A Boo FROM THE BITE OF A SERPENT. A short time ago; as Mr. Strachan, of the Robin Hood and Little Iohn4)ubliCîhoji?.e_at.tRe. Rocks, was walk- ing in the rear of, his premises, he found a favourite little terrier dog which had only left the house' a few moments before, in a dying state,' with a brown snake of three to four feet long, quite dead in his mouth. From appearances there can- be no, doubt that the courageous little animal, with the constitutional antipathy, to vermin peculiar to his breed, had attacked the reptile, and been bitten whilst in the act of killing it. About a quarter of an hour after it was bitten the poor animal died foaming at the mouth. : > 