PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. BONG OP THE DESPOTIC SOVEHEIGSS. ? nny wiw poor Jiornua sbourd you interfere? England and France, can't you leave bin aloaaP Suppose ho is a little severe, , Let a Kine do what he likes with h!« on. xjcavo uiui mime, icare mm aione, - Let a King: do what he likes with his own. - Subjects were made for their monarchs yon know t Many sent into the world for one; fou cannot deny that the fact is so, And yet you're for spollln? Ferdinand's fun.' Leave him alone, leave him alone. Let a King do what he likes with bit «w*. Princes were wont, in tha days of old. To load whomsoever they chose with chaini | Lnd nous of their neighbours ever made bold To question their acts in their own domains. Leave him olono, leave him alone, Let a King do what he likes with hi* own. 3y a short method a sovereign, then, Used with a troublesomo fellow to deal r He i had him pitched Into the lions' den. And no one cried out on the animals' meaL . Leave him alone, leave him alone. Let a King do what he likas with own. If he commanded the slave to bo bound. And into a a.ry furnice flung, Not one ot the potentates, reigning around. ~ Let a King do what be likes with his own. Wretches who happened his wrath to excite. He racked, Impaled, or skinned them alive. By a prerogative, and by a right Of which vouaro trying a King to deSrire. . Leave him aione, leave him alone: Let a King do what he likes with Ua own. Ferdinand may many dungeons have got, Prisoners containing, perhaps, not a few, If they in cold chains, and misery rot, Punished fur nothing, that's nothing to yon. Leave him alone, leave him alone. Let the King do what he likes with bis own. Teaching a small monarch how he's to rule. You'll be dictating, next, to a loftier throne, - Tes, forsooth, Ui you will next dare to school. Won't let Us do what We liko with Our own. Leave Us alone, leave V» alone, Let Us all do what Wo like with Our own. A TOY FOB A TBBY HTTXB TEHTO. Advices from Spain inform us that tho Duke de Mtnt pensier has just received au addition to his doiaera happiness, iu the shape of a little girl ; and that— 'The Queen has given to the newly-born infanta, th* Cordon of the Order of Noble Ladies of Maria Louisa,** The cordon, of courso is meant for the recipient te- play with. Tho little infanta appears to have begun to ' take notice,' as the nurses say, very toon. The** art early days for giving the noble baby a plaything. - THE RECLUSE. Julia— Now, Alfred dear, I must leave you. . I am about to shut myself out from (he world. Alfred— Why, In the name of madnoss. Julia, yoiar* not thinking of. retiring into a convent ? Julia— No, dear, dou't alarm yourself. I wm OBly going to put on my new Crhnoliue dress. A MUSICAL CROTCHET. From Orpheus to Morpheus there is only the jump of l letter, and yet thcro are singers who corabuM Um [uall les of both, singing most somniferooily. Th» upposltiouis, that Orpheus was designated Morpheus ia ill cases when he was called in, as a kind of tauslMi mrso, to sing persons to bleep. THE BEASOX WHY:— By a most Unreasonable Follow. Tho roasoa why barristers eat their terms is thai hey may know how to mako others eat their own rords. The reason why our merits gonerally appear so Ian* o ourselves is because we love to measure them by taV efioiendes of others. The reason why small services aro willingly aekaow :dgcd is because it would soarcely be worth while to tw ngnteful fur them. : The reason why egotists And the world, so ugly Is b»» ause they only seo themselves In It. The reason why it Is so difficult to get a good dttr to imply because- ' ill weeds grow a-pice,' and good oom on't. Tbe r&wra; why Jews are not admitted into Parlla* lent is on account of the enormous quantity of gftmmoa hey would be compelled to swallow. The reason why so many old ladies dress at thouh icy were still young is because the fashions tn Um lodes, the Petitt Cottrriert, tho FoUtts, and PijfdUf, re all drawn for young ladiet. Wishing to be ui tha Lihion, a* every well-regulated woman it bouud to be, le ' dear old tltlnge' copy fa'.thfully the oaly exaoplM liat are set before ihcin. TWIN FEAT3 FOll ONE STROKO MAX. Lord John ltussell Is stated tj have made up his mind a savo the country once more lie has prepared. «? ro told, a Reform Uill, which is to cut the ground from mder Lord Palmerston, anil is to place Lord John t tho head of a strong Government amid the tntho- lastle applause of an excited nation. Meantime and by ray of a trilling feat to keep bimself employed, h* u ?one to Pisa, just to put the Leaning Tower straight. TOO PLAIN SPOKEN BY HALF. ' A War.i ixa io Sib Robibt Pml.' iir Robert, Sir Robert, what have you been doin?P Blurting facts out in all tho mind's laoi 1 )o th nk what you are; for the court: you're pursuing Is, what you soon may be, out of place. racts arc fuels; but tlioruluisoilici. U«hoald burke '«n, Not call shades spad^i, liko plain country squires | f you mutt handle edge tooln, do so with tbe Ciraw locution that office requires. ?hc ghost of your father must blush for your folly. How sublime his olIL'ial reserve 1 IU rounded peri.-hraies how he would volley, Round the bush iti m ljestieal curve I I'rom hU language- who e'er his opinions could gather t Even Talley i anil's self he'd talk blind ; Vho would ever suppose you'ro the son of your rather, With that vile trick of speaking your mind? uhU, too, on returniug from Russia I— a nation That holds language Is given thoughts to hide : Vhcre you see in its best gloss of mystification, Diplomacy's varnish applied. Phero itiijgeitiofatii, tuppretsia cert In tl eir teal perfection find place, ind the very word ' Lio' from the dio-ti-on-ary, Is struck out by Imperial ukase, le warned, then, in Ume ; get a style more offldal j Blink facts if they're too big to bolt; ihe study of ' Walker' you'll rind beneflclal, And for ' Bunkum' consult Colonel Colt. fe'er use straightforward terms, unless no roand-abomt ouo The Downlng'Street phrase- book supply, Lnd as for opinions, no -r get up without one: ? That turned either way will apply. . A NIOB CALCULATION. . A Wallsend gentleman, of great experience in the rode, and a constant attondaut on the preaching of Mr. Spurgeon, has calculated that, on an' average, tba everend teacher uses in every sermon no lets than Hum ons of coals, and all red hot. Last winter poor pwpsr rere known to warm their hands at his periodt. STRAY SHOT. It is with ideas as with ploces of money, thoM of th* oast value generally circulate tho most. A man, for being told tho truth, thanks you tha first irae— votes you a boro ttio second— and quarrels with. ou tba third. A Frenchwoman talks a great deal more thin sh« hlnks— an English woman thinks a great deal more than -he talks. FEMALE POLITIO3. A young lady, hearing it stated that Government, la his country would in future ba carried on without par* Lies, said, -rOh dear 1 I hope not If it comet to that, I lope papa will take us to live on the Continent.' shabby raoaATrroDB. Men get drunk, and thea lay tho Unit on tho win* I THE SECRET OB YOUTH. A lady never knows how young she looks, until the hat had her portrait painted. CONSEQUENCE OF A MEEE PEAK. Wo have to auuounco the abdication of tbe King of the Mountains, Ills Majesty Kanchlnjinga, of Um Himalayas,, in lavoar of a neighbouring potentate, * not a hundred miles' from Katnandoo, and whose name m are not at present at liberty to disclose, but who will for the future amutno the style and title of the highest mountain in the world. The alteration in the dynasty has been brought about by the mammuvret of Colonel Wangh, Surveyor-General of India, who may hltiif bo said to be monarch of all he surveys; bat, at he to nothing of the kind, the saying so would b) tlatply iibanrd. THE I. AND FOB TUB IADIES. In the King of Swedon'j speech on the recent opening if the Swedish Diet, the following remarkable patwg- wours:— ' A Ju»t appreciation of the rights of woman betag l sore guarantee of hor fidelity in the fulfilment of htr luties and of, her mission In the family, it Is my lntcn* Ion to propose to you that unmarried women shall to lonsldercd of age at 25, which Is recogulsed.la nearly til he states of Europe.' Sweden is clearly the land for the ladies. Then H appears that up to what is bere considered the tolerably ipe age of 25, a girl is supposed to be in her mlnoritr, -r nonage; in short, as we say, of no age at all. At ;hirty, we apprehend, she Is still looked upon M quite 'a young thing;' and, at about 60, as bong 'in the prime of life.' ' Fat, fair, and sixty,' ia probably the formula which, in Sweden, it expressive of ftmale maturity; at 70 a damsel begins te be a little p-m4*, and at 80 is considered to have attained to 'a certtte age.' AND THESE ABE YOT/E FBtENDS ! !! Fiasr Fhistd.— I siy, what do you think? Ymf Rattlebrain was in Spnrgeon's Chapel last Sunday 1 Sscoitd FaiESD,— Then he thought It was aTheatie, having heard some one declare that hit preaching wat 'as good at a play I' VIRTUOUS INDIGNATION. Dr. Hale was eistlug his clerical eye the other day over the advertiiem ants, when, coming to thy quack ajs nouneement that in tho loudest brats heralds '?MOB Cures,' be exclaimed, with sublime contempt, 'Th» Pluralist 1 1 1' A NBW Srri-E OF WBATHKBC00K. _ Vanes are generally set up to show how ihe wiaA blows ; but the Brighton Vane has bsen pat dowa to show that the wind from tho Horse Guards Mti to Uw right direction. A HINT TO BAIXWAT TBAYEXXmS. By breathing on tbe glais— and holding a ipwUlff doll by way or baby to the window— yon may reatnur keep your compartment select. A HEW CHUBCH 'VAKB.' The Newcastle Guardian assures the »*tUfl«d_WorU that Lord Vane Tempest tainki or entering the Cbarda. We know how instantaneously Lutber wai oooremi from riotousness to piety by a thunder-bolt jjo^tte thundering sentence (to very unexpected) of*™'™'' ; Guards may have been as summary in lu eneej ape* tM - ejected Comet 'Iu fact.' sayiourNawcaettooooto*. ^rf&ct;, ii is whispered that his more raatore* «t chastened inclinations now incline towards the ChvCb ( afield in which he may be employed at hOMetfeM - ?? honourably, and as usefully, both to himself and oMI, as in that of Mars.' Wby cucumbers are nothing to clerical Indinattoat, if they can be ' matured' iu so short a time. With this rapidity, you may ktow aparson la leu time than % diA of cress or mustard. 'As tho nob:e family to which to may stiU prove ta ornament have more taan one living in their gift, it ta. not improbable that this may be his ultimate aai «ot ungraceful destination, however distressing mar have been the events which led to It.' Who knows? The ejected Coronet may live to be come tho consecrated UUhop; in which cose the ex soldier will still have proved his prowess and success ia a ' for lawn' hope . ' . ' XKWSPAPER EMPLOTUEKT. A young gentleman, who hai his evenings to hiatelf, ? . and Is a perfect master of French, Is extremely Mitoiei . to obtain a situation as Reader on any Enarlith P*pe£la order 'to correct tho preBs.' Tha Timt pwierea. Salary no object whatever. Apply by letter (innlnenff . . a Queen's head) to Monsieur L— s X— *— i— *. ?«??-??£ OtBce, Tuileri«, Paris. N.a-H» had n****** experience in 'locking up tho forms of the pHMtfM French journals. ^ By the kind permission of Loom Kapo- Jeon, the publication of Punch C0,tnra«B~f..*4lj2tt mornins? fast, at 6 a.ra.. and continued, wiftorte«fte. terrunilon from Ibe French Government yp to aleto . houionTuesday night, until tho many mfllloMofeejiefc - necessary to satiate the increasing .vcweiiTofUji TJbJp . vMsalPublio, were struck btt FW»leJ£«tie*rf - - 