I A BILL FOR AMENDING THE LAW8 BELA I T1VE TO THE GOLD-FIELDS. [(Prepared and brought in by Mr. Baines, Mr. Pet lotos, and Mr Sitwctt.) Whereas it is expedient to make provision for the I better management of tho gold-fields. Bo it there- fore enacted by tho Queon's most oxcellont Majesty by and with the advice and consent of tho Logislativo Council and Legislativo Assombly of Victoria in this present Parliamont assomblod and by tho authority of tho samo as follows (that is to say) Interpretation Clause I. In tho construction and for the purposes or this Act tho following terms shall If not inoonslstont witts with tho context or subject matter havo the re- spectivo meanings horeb} assigned to thom (that is to say) tho verb "mino" shall inoludo any mode or method whatsoever whorcby tho soil or earth or any rook or stono may bo dlsturbod tomoved carted carried washed sifted Bmoltod refinoderushed or othor vvise dealt with for tho purposo of obtaining gold tho world "gold"sholl signify as well any gold as- auy earth clay quartz stono or other minorai containing gold or having gold inixod in tho substance thereof or set apart for tho purposo of extracting gold there* from tho word " gold minos " and "gold Holds " ehalt mean thoso parts of tho crown lands on which any persons aro or may bo actually ongaged in mining for gold tho word "claim " shall moan the portion ot land which any persons in accordance with tho bye-laws to bo mado as hereinafter mentioned shall havo takon possession of and be ontillod to occupy for tho purposo of mining tho word " mining partnership " shall moan and includo all partnerships and co-advonturoti entered into by two or moro persons for the purposu of mining for gold tho word " business " shall mean and includo any profosslon trade calling or occu- pation excopt mining tho words " authorised- per- sons" shall mean and include nil ocoupior« of crown lands under any lleenso for pastoral purposes all ministers nt rollglon and school- masters tho sorvants of such occupiers minis- ters and schoolmasters ' all feinalos and all children under tho ago of fourteen yoars who sliull resido but not mino upon any gold-field tho word " bailiff" shall moan tho bailiff of any court holden under this Act or any olflcor appointed by such bailiff as horoinaftor niontionod the word "gaol" shall in- cludo any pi ison or lockup tho word "board" shall mean any mining board created untlor this Act tho word "chairman" shall moan tho chairman of any such board tho word "warden" shall moan ono of hor Majesty's variions of tho gold flolds in and for tim colony or in and for any district thoroof and tho expression "holder of a minor's right" or "holdor of a biiRlnoss licence" shall mean tho person in whoso fav or the samo respectively shall havo boon issued. Minors Right to Issue II. It shall bo lawful for tho Governor in Council to canso documonts to bo issuod each of which shall bo called "Tho Minor's Right" and shall bo granted to any person applying for tho samo upon poymont of tho sum of ono pound and ovory si oh doenmont shall bo dated of tho day and at tho placo of tho Issuing thereof and shall bo in forco for tho period of twolvo months from tho dato thereof and shall contain tho christian and surnarao of tho porson ¡a w hoso favour tho samo shall bo issued. Occupation under Minor's Right. III. Evorv minor's right shall ontltlo tho holdor thoroof during tho continitanco of such minor's right to ooonpy for the purposo of mining for gold and of resldoneo in connection with the object or mining so much of tho crown lands as may bo prescribed under tho byo-laws to bo mado as hereinafter niontionod anil every such holder shall during tho continuance of such minor's right bo doomed in law to bo tho ownor (except ns against Her Majosty only) of the claim V hieb ho shall occupy by virtuo of such minor'i right and the property in every such claim and ovory sharo and interest tliet oin shall bo doomed n chattel interest for all purposes and rnay bo asslgnod to any holder of a minor's right olthor by transfer of tho ex- isting or by creation of a now Interest In such manner ns such byo-laws shall direct and in dofnult of such direction olthor orally or by any instrument lu writing and during tho continuance of such minor's ? right all gold then being in and upon tho sahl claim shall (excopt as against Hor Majosty) bo tho absolvió property of such holder. Certain Lands Excoptctl. IV. Nothing hereinbefore contain ed shall author; any such porson to occupy as aforesaid any cro\ land which shall have bcon exempted from Balo und the provisions of an Act to bo paîsed In this prose Eessicn of.rarllamcnt Intituled " yin Act to Rcgult the Sale ana Occupation of Crown. LanHs " or will fchall havo been applied to any publlo use or purpo or bo lawfully used as a garden o orchard but novi tholess it shall bo lawful for tho Governor In Corni to authorize thoholdors of minor's rights to occupy II dor such minor's rights any crowlands whichinay ha been so exempted or applied as aforesaid subject such conditions and restrictions as tho Governor Council shall impose. Burines« Licenses lo ho Issued. V. It shall bo lawful for tho Qovornor in Council causo documents to bo issued each of which shall 1 called a " business lleonso"and shall bo granted i any person applying for tin» same upon payment the sums hereinafter monlionod that is lo say if sm person shall apply for a lloonso for three months tv pounds and ten shillings If for six months flvo pouiv or if for twolvc months' t?n' pounds and every su< document shall bo dated of tho day and at the place . the issuing thcroof and bhall bo in foreo for snob of ti Enid periods as shall bo named thoroln mid shall c:\ tain tho christian and surname cf tho person in who favor the "arno Bhall bo Issued. Occupation under Business Licence VI. Evory business license shall entitlo tho holdi i thereof during tho continuance of such llconso mil jcot to such byo-laws as shall from time to timo 1 madcas hereinafter mentioned to occupy on any gol Hold so much of tho crown lands not exempted or a] piled as aforesaid as may bo nccossary for the purpo; of residence or g1 carrying on his business and fe either of the purposes aforesaid to put up nnybuili Ing or othor orectlon BO that tho samo bo not R? pu up within ono nillo of land sitúalo in any townshi and alienated by har Majesty to any purchaser thoroc »nil avery such holder shall during tho continuance c Buch business licouso bo doomod lu law to bo th owner (oxcopt as against nor Mnjosty only) of th land or building which ho shall occupy by virtue c Buch business licenso and tho proporty in such gr ,un shnll bo deemed a chattel interest for all purposes an may bo assigned to any holdor of a huslnoss licons cither by transfer of'tho oxlsting or by creation of iv now intorost. Value of Land Hold Undor Buslnes? Licenso tj bo Ai bitratcd.' VII. When tho land on which any such building o erection as lastaforcsald may have boon put up sha bo to bo sold such buildliigor erection shall bo value and for tho nnrposo of ascertaining such vnluoit alni be lawful for tho judgo of tho court of min>sof th mining district within which sucli building or croc tion sholl bo situate to order that tho same shall b a alucd by some competent person to bo appointed li such ordornndby two other poisons ono of wilna shall bo appointed by tho board of land and works am tho other by tho holdor of tho businoss licenso b vlrtno whereof such building or erection shall havi been occuplad and moll threo arbitrators or nny twi of thcin shall inako their award in writing of am concerning tho premises on or boforo tho day namoi ter that purposo In such order or on or boforo mel further day as tho said judgo shall by writing in de reed on the samo order appoint and such order slinl be m tho form coutainod in tho first schodulo to thi Act to tho uko otTcct and shall bo tiled In tho eaii court, and every such award shall bo in tho form con tnlncd In the second schcduloto this act or to tho Uki cflcct and shall bo dollvorcd to tho said judgo in order that such award may bo and tho samo shall bl transmitted to and dopositod in tho ofllco or tho salt lait mentioned board. Proceedings on Neglect to Appoint nn Arbitrator. ' VIII. Upon any reference uudor this Act caoli rnrty on tlio request of tho other shall appoint nn nr liRiator by delivering to him and to tho said judgi respectively nn appointment signed by himself or lil! agent and ' if for tourtcon days aftor sorvlco of fuel order ns aforesaid and notico by one partv (who hv duly appoliuod an arbitrator) to the other party stating such request and accompanied by n copy oi such nppoiutmont tho party to whom uotico is glvon fail to appoint an arbitrator the arbitrator appointed by the party giving tho notice shall bo deemed U be npnolntcd hy and shall act alono on behalf of both ] n'rties and tho award of any arbitrator or arbitrators appointed in pursuanco of this Act shall bo binding final and cor elusivo upon Her Majesty and tho said helder of the said llconso to all Intents nnd purpose» whatsoever. Death ot Arbitrator. IX. if before the making of such award as afore- said any arbitrator dlo or rofiiBO or booomo Incapable to act tho jndgu or party hy whom such arbitrator was appointed as tho cuso may bo shall appoint in Uko rrnnnor another In his stoad and If either party fall so t o do for the space of fourteen days aftor notice from tho other party in that behalf tho arbitrator appointai]. 1 y tho party giving the notico may proceed alone ex 1 arfe and eveiy arbitrator so appointed shall have the snmo powors and authorities as wcro vestod in the arbitrator In whoso stead tho appointment Is made, Value may bo Assessed by Jury in tho first Instance. ? X. If from any caiiBo whatovor tho valuo of such buildings or oroollons as aforesaid shall not bo ascer- tained in tho manner lastly horeinbofofo provided ft shall bo lawful for the said holder of the said licmse to havo such value ascertained undor the provisions next horoinaftor contained In tile saino manner as if he wcro dissatisfied with tho dotennina'ion of mell persons as aforesaid. . Or by a Jury on Appeal. XI. Notwithstanding anything heroinboforo con- tained if the Bald board or holdor shall be dlssattsHcd withtho determination of such persons as aforesaid it shall ho eompotont to such hoard or holder within enc month aftor notico of such decision to havo tho tnid valuo ascertained belora a judgo at,tho Supremo Court or at any Circuit Court by a special juiy of tuche mon mid ovory such jury shall bo suininonod by vlrluo of a writ to bo Issued out of tho Supreme Ci urt in tho form contained Ip tho, tlitrtl schcdulo u > lliis Actand sucli wrlti»hc.ll bo executed and all pro iccdingfa under the «arno had and takou in Uko min iiirandsubjoct tothosauio laws and, practico as au Inquiry of damage» in any civil action and the appel- lent «hal! bo deemed to bo tho plaintiff and tho Inqui- sition thereupon may boin tho form contained In tho I /mnVischedulo to this Act. ,.,,[. , I Holder of Business License to havo tho Valuo. I X11. Tho valuo so ascertained of any-Mich" build I ing or erection as aforesaid shall ho added to sueli 1 sum as would have been tho upset prlco of the land . v. itliout any buildliigor orectlon thereon and shall to ; (.tthcr therewith ho and constitute tho actual upaot i rico oí such land and If tho sold holder of tho silu l 1 usliicss license shall hld such last-mciitlineil upwc . ] rleo or moro and phall be tno highestblddor for such . land tho valuo aforesaid Bhall be deducted from the ti m so bldden'and ilio balanco shall bo' the purclmo j ii oney for such land but if any othor person than sr eli holder sholl become the purchaser or such land ! ! i d shall pay for the kamo' such holder shall be en i Ulled to receive out of such purohaso money the II ill value of the said buildliigor erection. I Mining Leases may bo Granted. i Mil. ltshall be lawful for tho, Govonlorsubject t> I li,i- provisions of this Act and tho b;o-laws to lu : niele as hereinafter-mentioned to grant leases tur ii In ing purposes of portions of auriferous land and lu f,x the amount to bo paid to Her Majosty by way ut i (»tor royalty.- . ' Il'gulatlons of Governor lu Council. XIV. It shall bolawlul for tho Governor liVOouneil ii i ni timo to tluio to moko such regulations not being n iitrory to tho proviso!»» of this Act a« shall appear lu Vu liol essai y for prcBcribinJf tho form of document« "f ni. leases to bu issued under this Act the' »»»I-i ni- ilute« ¡nid 11 «fu of tim Issue tht'itml tliuui.i , " . . I ."-...in. i-Muilnnu -.i:'i \- . ^_;,._._i. .._...LI i.. . -i -Ji.iU, Creation of Minim: Dl'fri^. XV. It shall bo lawful fortfeOowrL« , rom time to tmn to »»t.-.. _i!S:en"» to from «mo te time to oreot any portRi'¡u Cl"">4 into a mining district and to ffw ¿ .,"tS8C0lWf! some distinguishing name andT dota?«¡ a?w* »nd boundaries thoroof and also atwin 5 .íh5 "ln'fi such district and from time to time to nnî,K>llih «V inch limits and boundaries. t0 "".".»nd v«i -vvr wi«(?0Urt,0rr MlnM Estaolishod. 1 XVI. Within and for ovory sucli dlntriAr »v. P< loacourt to bo caUcd "Tho Court "ri,í?ore*>f« such court shall bo a court of record.?,""?" »n|J 1 olden at such intorvals and at suehSff1 8h:ll, »i luchdlstiict as tho Govornor in CounSl I68,?'"»! imo to timo dlroot before a judrrTwÄVr0:l larrister-at-law of Victoria antf slffi haÄ.-* fe rB an advocate or barrister and sneoial J^",S0Ü r s either in England Ireland Scotland aid vu?' m any Of them for such period as shall lv"dorU °I erógate of fivo years and no such jatoS.50 ?H his continuance in such office practiseTM abarr S Doputy Judge. XVII. In case of illness or unavoltlahi« .c I Council to appoint some other i«~ ° At\ b1 Ä JnV .»PPo'nted nJaJ0"T .1-~ -*.-" *- - barrlstor-atlaw qualifiedn.;¿ puty of any ludgo aZÄ?'^ "this Act tfurtagîuA^'îH and It shall also bolAfîî0!« or who shall ho a barrlstor-atlaw qualified n.'»'¿ A<l to act im tho deputy of any ("dgV, anno|0?Asliî Governor in Counollto appoint anv^eiin^i/" ,'í ceajudgo appointed undoï thisAc^rToÄ íf Inrristor-at-law quallnod as aforesaid in «"ïr "ï judge for any time not exccedC " Ä"1! months in any consecutive porioS of Ä* !Í*5 and ever}' person so appointed durinir tho ?£ W which ho shall boBoappolntedBhaUhLvavliiií« fo»1 aad privileges and may porformanyofu,ouSS'0,?,c¿3^ judge for whom ho shall have be«t¿o«StataSAJ any person appointed to act for anv iudimV. .1, 1Í maViiold a court simultaneously wuR»Cif ' ciork of tho Court. XVIII. For cvorycouit under the autliorltv nrtJ.' Act thoro shall bo aolorkat each placo« Ä °fï! court shall bo boldon and ¡11 cases requiring tioiiAE such assistant clerks as may bo necessary shall baSS Tided and paid by the olorks ol tho court and it shaft öl lawful in any caso in which It shall appear to b> enJS dient to appoint two or moro persons to weefSj jointly tho offico of clerk at any placo at which nS couit shall bo holden. * wmc" % Doputy Clerk. m XIX. It shall ho lawful for any clerk ofnnv «,£ coi. 11 with the approval of tho judge or in caso of I,_ billty of tho clork to utako such appointment fur iï» judso to appoint from thno to timo a deputy to net (Si such clerk or tho said court at any timo whin }i0 ¡¿S borprevented by illness or unavoidable »bienco fro» acting In such oflleo and to romove such doputv at hft pleasure and Buch deputy whllo acting undor such AM1 polntmont shall have the «ko powers and nrhltcmf! and bo Biibjoct to tho Uko provisions duties _ff< penalties for misbehaviour as lfho woro tho clerk ntiiX laid court for tho timo belüg. ""» Clerks to Issue Process and Keep Accouots H XX. The clerks of tho oourt with such Msliifil clerks as aforesaid In casoB requiring tho sumo" sMil Issue all summonses precepts and warrants ural register all ordors and ileeiocs of tho said court snïi keep an account ol all proceedings of tim court auBK shall take chargo of and keep an account of all courin fees and fines payablo or paid Into courtaud of»T rooneys paid Into and out of court and shall enter >{f account of all such fees fines and monojs in lodgers bj! lonBlngtotheeourt to bo koptby them forth« uiirS poso and shall from timo to timo at sucli tlmis tu ntl Governor with tho advlco aforesaid shall _itti.t MI» mit their accounts to bo settled by the judge. ? Balllfm. m XXI. For ovory court holden under this Act tiicril shall bo one or moro ballin« whom d10 Judgoiotaseofl inability or misbohaviour may by order under hal hand remove and ovory such baiiliTinay by any wrlitojH under his hand appoint a sufficient number of »Mo aalt fit persons not exceeding such number as shall bo float time to timo allowed by thu judgo to bo offltcrj tra assist the said bailiff anti at lils pleasure, to dlniita iii or any of thoinond appoint others In their stenl ano ovety officer so appointed may also bo suspended M dismissed by tho judgo. K Bailifls' Duty Responsibility and Fees. ! XXII. Thosaldbaillirioronoof thom shnll it tS quired by tho judgo attend every sitting of tl.o eos* unless when their absence shall be allowed fur rejraif able causo hy the judgo and shall by themselves oilj tho officers appointed to assist them as aforesaid uni all such summonses as they Bhall bo iequiioil totenej by tho partios suing out the snino and »hall c\cciil(!iií the warrants mid precepts issued out of tho curt Jn|i tho said ballin"» and officers shall lu the eitcil tlon of tholr duties conform to nil such gene's rules as shall be from timo to timo fninef for regulating the proceedings and practico el ti* court as hat oinnftor provided and subject thereunto¡fl thoordor and direction of the Judgo and tho said hillffl shall bo'ontitlod to receive and retain ror their emffl use fornnd in respect of such duties us shall hate beal performed by thom or by tho officers appointed Si assist them all lees and sums of money alio»«] bj hereinafter mentlonod in the nama of fees payalle jo] I ho bailiff out of which they shall próvido for thi eui cution of the duties for which such fees arc allowed»»« for the pnjmont ofthe officers appointedtoassist thiifl nnd the fees upon executions and conimitraciiLi ihil] bo paid by the clerk of the court to tho ballin"«»« the return of tho warrant of execution but not behn] nrd overy such bailiff shall bo rospomiblo for ill tug nets and dofaults of hirosolf and of tho offlcon isa pointed to assist him In Uko mannor as any silent H Victoria is responsible for tho acts and defaults of hi« self and his officers. Provided always that Iii eve» ccurt holden undor this Act in which the fees allouai to bo taken by the bailiffs ofthe court shall appear» be moro than sufficient it shall bo lawful for the Op. vernor in Council to declare that a certain speclM port only of thoir foos Bhall bo paid to thom rcspefi tively by tho clerk and in that oaso and ¡o loppu such ordor shall bo In foreo tho amount of tho resld« of such foes shall ho accountod for paid and applied to the fame mnnnor as all other foes payable totuíj clerk. _. .. . W Clerk and Ballin* to boDlstlnotand not to PracllieH XXIII. It Bhall not bo lawful fbr any clerk o! ria court holden under this Act or the partuor of auj icfl clerk or any person in the service or employments such clerk or of his partnor to act as bailiff 0/ tlwcam or for any ballifThis partnor or olerk or nar 1 orsonffi the sorvico or employment of such ballifror of his paffl nor to act as elerk and no ollie« of tho court shgy citl or by himself or by his partnor bo directly or inda rcctly ongagod as attomoy or agent for any party SJ anv proceeding in tho said court. m Clerk and Bailiff to Givo Security. ? XXIV. Evoryclork and bailiff of an} couit liollfi under this Act who may rccolvo any moncjs Inila c-vecution of his duty shall givo socurltj forsuch mi and in such manner and foim as tho Qoiernor «IIB the advice aforesaid from tiino to thoo shall order [9 the duo performance of their several offices and for tra duo accounting forond payment of all moneys rialreH 1 v them under this Act or which thoy mut tecoaS Hablo to pa> foi any misbehaviour ir thclrolEce ? Dt fenco in Actions for, Things Bono Under thl? te» XXV. In ovory action against a clerk of any MU holden nndor this Act for an} thing dono In obtdleni to any w arrant i'sued by bim utidor this Act It ski bo a sufficient justification for such clerk t" p had ti decree or onlor of such court or of tho Juil¿o tl.eret or the certificateoi the warden and tlio warrant tber upon without alleging or sotting forth the piara proceedings or that tho inattor whereon such deer« order or certificate was founded was within tim Jurl Ciction of such court judgo or wordon and in tra action against tho bailifT of ntiy siicli court or at S cfllcer servant orogoat of such bailiff or against ti g keeper of any goal for anything done by tuon bailitren. by his command or authority or by sucli keeper IB obedience to any warrantor prceopt issued under thi Act It shall bo siilllclent for such bailiff officer serrata or agent or fur such keopor to justify under sua wnrinnt alono without alleging that tho same wa mndo and Issued within tho jurisdiction of such cona nnd without alleging or sotting forth the decres ord« certificate or previous proceedings in thosainotnannu as fany shoriir can and may justify undor any uri' issued out of tho Supremo Court and In either ol IB canes aforesaid proof of tho matters so alleged slnll ï sufficient cvleloiicc m support of such plea. Court Feos. XXVI. There shall bo payable on ovory projccM In tho courts holden under this Act to tile clerks ol fffi sncral courts such loos as shall bo allowed in tfi rrnnner next hereinafter mentioned and nono otto sida table of such foes shall bo put np In some co«. splcuous placo in tho court hcusanndnlso In thecforfe elTlco nt ovory plnco In which Buch court shall lie hold« mid tho foes on ovory 'proceeding shall bo paid In trSJ first imtanco by tho party on whoso behalf such prjfi I cccdlrg is to bo had on or boforo such proceeding and | the fees upon execution or commitment shall be pa|d Into court before or at the time of the issue el to'». narrant of execution or commitment and It shall bj" ) mi ful for the Qovonior In Council to direct whtj amount or fcoi shall bo taken in the courf holden under this Act In such manner to bim shall seem fit and from time Timc%to lesson or mcreaso the samo and such feS may lc.wmulM.cd \iy »» ay of percentage on the numil ho demand and It shall bo lawful for 1 /Council from timo totlmo lonppolntï ir any of the feos which may from time __,_ y"able as aforesaid other feos by way of p leWngcTor other» iso and to bo payablo on such pi Iccedings undor this Act as the Governor lo Coin mny direct Time Placo and Notico of Holding Court XXVII. Thojudgo of each court holden underfill«! flml) nttond and hold such court at such places withj tho district thereof is tho Governor In Council shs lia» e directed f'at such court shall bo liolelcn ot mi times as BUCII judgo shall appoint for that purpose f Hint n court shall ho boldon In every such placeen! st least In such interval as the Governor in Conn« (hnll in each case direct and notieo of tho days on whifi tie court will beholden at any placoshallbcpublMiH in Hie Goi'crnmcne Gazette and bo put up in Borne cefi splcus place in tho court houso, and in the oillce oltf elcrk of the court at suoh placo, and no other not« thercpr shall bo needed, and »vlisnovor any day ni» pointed for holding tho court at any placo itali u# tercd notice of such intended alteration ana»'JS time wlion It will take effect shall bo publlibulint« n anncr aforesaid and bo put up in tomo 'YfPj00» place in the court house and in the» .J WiceJ such plnco. Seal of Court. , , \\-\VUI For ovory court holden Mid-r] this MB ,heroTh"ibo°arsê»l ia alta »lÄ-.?!^«! bo kept by the clork of the court «"*J^niB which such court shall bo holden »TBa\'JSrt« certificates warrants and o'f^P^S " rtampffi clerks of the said court shall be sealed cr -wr-rw AÏA*i>* ,«Court lnit!°î XXIX Every CÓÍTloMonmÄhls Act shall J < oin- isablo by a court of equity which W "J"h(reJl crning the title to any claim o«-to any» *<°£h '$ <r toany sbaro orinterost thoroin or*1110" ""'.,* lit of any contract respecting «^^gggR he woiking ofiny claim or «* * W^ .mblp orco adventure in any ela m or na« rr intorost therein and generalh a. Iqnwtwwa pi tes ergniüabloas aforesaid wh eli may'««e°" n 'miners & relatl.n to mlnlne ^ ^ d*Ä,B[J natters every Bich court slall 'tt^-Au be Ja ti chdccrooln Ue nature of an award w ",^(,.'1! vltbout regard to rues of law or the WfToU ti i it of law or equity and to decree wo *»° a data o'rshare.rïntoreat*.*" «»^{TgÄ tu.»»"- "f It«'0 i«1"1 **"v "u'"u"""' »«".*?"" -""umina out of any court holden under this! i P^lho Berrod or exoouted In any. part of the ¡el Pv <**' Minors and Representativos may Sue. *T li stall bo lawful for any assignee oxocutoror *', i'fmtor to sue and bo sued in any court ho'.do.i .*?'"»_? Aef in like manner as if ho wero a party in '*ri ¡tollt and It Bhall bo lawful for any person w,°Ï.Miof twonty-onoyears to proseouto any suit ,nd0Ivf.lnt undor th<s Act in tho samo mannor as iff tr» of full ago mid no privilege Bhall ho alloivod to I le*c,t"mov soltoitor or othor person to exempt hint I il' Avisions of this Aot I ireui >..- r Modo 0| instituting Proceedings. TÏVI So pleading shall bo allowed in any suit j rih1! Act but on tho application of any person "linns to bring a suit in a court holden undor this JSclerk ofthe court at tho place at willoh such 'í! .lo bo heard shall ontor in a roglstor to bo kept Ä Durpos» in hi« offloo in the form In the fifth ífí.,hilelo this Act a plaint In writing stating tho "X and tho last knoivn plaoos of abode ol tin ' rfiM tho nature of the relief sought and tho amount 's«rocovorod In such suit or if tho demand shall not _ "Munlary the value (to bo asoortainod as next rJlnaftormontioned) of tlio subjeot mattor of such ii and orery ono of such plaints shall bo numbered 1i «srv year according to tho ordor In which it shall Mfflterra and thorounon a summonsln tho form oon .i ined In tho sixth sohodulo to this Act stating the lluro of tho rollof sought mid bearing tho number t!i,/i nKInt on tho margin thoroof Bhall bo Issuodaud M served at tho option of tho plaintiir by hlmselt ¡rlilsniront or tho bailiff of tho court so mauy days | Íl"r0 ¿ho day on »vhich tho causo is to bo heard asshall Hreoted by tho general rules to be fhitnod as boro« 4 hiller montioncd and delivery of such summons to j hidefondant or in such othor manner as shall bo sps-1 lied In such rules shall bo doomed good service and I Í"misnoiuor or innocurato description of any porson J J ""kee In any such plaint or summons shall vltiatol ¡to1 same po that the porson or placo bo thoroln do-1 bribed so as to bo commonly'known. I plaintiff to Valuo '.ila Domand and Dofendant may Pay j 1 into Court. I \XX1I. Every porson who shall bring any suit un '+ irtlif« Act shall at tho timo of entering tho plaint (tfed/y the amount to bo rocovored In such suit or if. flic demand shall not bo pecuniary tho value of tho Kibfeek matter of such suit and such amount or valuo dull bo entorod in tho said register in the proper co- lumn for that purpose and it shall bo littfjl for tho difwidant within Bilch timo as shall bo directed by tho «noral rules (to bo framed as hereinafter mentioned) lo pay into court such amount or valuo togothor with liei costs incurred by tho plaintiff up to tho timo of intli payment and after such payment no other suit iball bo brought In respect of the sante matter in any court. Pavmontlnto Court of Less than the Doinand. XXXIII. Any defendant in any suit in a court baldon undor this Act for a money demand only may ¡nihill such timo as shall bo directed by trio general ralos to bo framed as hereinafter mentioned pay into «art such sum of monoyas ho shall think n fullsa iisfaction for tho demand of the plaintiff togothor tilli tho coste Incurred by the plaintilf up to the time of such payment and tho said sum o 1 monoy shall bo mid to tho plaintiff but if ho shall olect to proceed ¡ed shall recovor no further sum in tho suit than ¿Ml have been BO paid into court tho plaintiff shall njy to such defeudant tho costs Incurred by bim lu the Hld suit after such payment and tho court may dooroo the samo accordingly. Jutlgo may Aot Alono or Direct Issue XXXIV. In all original suits brought in any court boldon undor this Act the judgo of such court shall alono dotoi mino all questions as well of fact as of law lutitBhallnovortholissbo lawful for such court If It ihallthlnk fit so to do to direct an Issue to bo tried and tho Bruno shall thereupon be tried in tho samo ininnor as if- it had boon directed by a court of Suits not to bo Dismissed for Informality. XXXV. No suit in any court holden under this Act shall bo dlsmlssod without tho r-onsont of tho plaintiff by reason only that tho plalntitT shall appear ¿Mho hearing to bo ontitlod to different rollef from that which Is sought. by any plaint or summons ODICS) it shall appear to such court that tho defen- dants or some of thom wcro in fact doeolved by such sinnmoii>,butinovorylsuoh caso Buch court shalí'cau o tho plaint to bo amondod mid proceed to givo'rollof according to tho morits of the caso but hi caso it shall appear to Buch court that the defendants rr some of thurn wore In fact deooived and that injustice would be dono by procooding at onco in such suit it shall b3 lawful for such court instead of dismissing such suit to carno tho plaint to bo amended and to adjourn the htattag on such terms (if any) as to payment of costs orottawlso as the court shall think just. Proceedings Where both Partios Appear. XXXVI. At the timo and placo named in any sum. mons the plaintiff shall appear and thereupon tho defendants hhall bo required to appear to answer such sort and on answer bolng mado in court by tho defendants or by such of thom as shall in tho opinion of such court sufficiently represent the defendants Hieb court shall proceed to hoar tho suit In a sum- mary way with powor novortholoss from timo to time to adjourn tho healing for such timo and purpose as inch eo'irt shall deem nocossary or proper and on such terms (if any) as to payment of costs or other- wise as Buch couit shall think Just and upon tho hoar ing of any such suit any dofondant may obtain the samo relief which ho could now obtain by way of sot off or cross bill in tho Supreme Court. When Plaintiff Doos not Appear Suit to bo Struck Out. XXXVII. If at tho timo and placo so named as aforesaid or at any continuation^ adjournment of tho court or suit tho plaintiff shall fail to appear the suit shall unless tho court shall othorwiso order bo "struck out" and shall bo thoroupon ondod and dotormlnod and a minuto or memorandum to that eilect shall be entered by tho clork of tho said court in tho said ro gisler, but such entry shall not bar any futuro suit for tho samo causo. Provided alwa} B that it shall bo lawful for the judgo to ordor any such suit to bo re- instated if ho shall think fit. Costs »vhon Suit Struck Out 1WV1II Whom»er any suit shall bo "stiuok oat under tho provisions lastly hereinbefore con tuned and the plaintiff and defondants shall both havo I failed to oppoar tho said pirtlou i espceti» ol» 6hall heir I audpay their n»»ii uj'tsbutif anydefoiidaiitshall have appealed tile court shall decree to such defendant lils coats of ti 0 suit 1'ioeof dirie Where Dofondant Does not Appoar XM1\\. If at the timo ard piano so noniod »3 oforcsa/d or at any continuation or adjouinmont of tho court or suit tho defendants shall not appoar or shall neglect to ans»\ or ivhon called in court It Bhili bo lawful for the Judgo upon duo proof of sónico of the summons upon suoh of tho doto, lauta as Bhall in the opinion of such court sufficiently represent all tho defendants to proeood to the hearing of tho suit in the absence of tho dofondnnts and tho decree thoroupon shall bo as valid as if all tho defondants had appeared Provided always that tho judgo in any such case at the samo or any subsoquont "ourt ma^ sot aside any decree so given in tho absonco of any dofondant ami may grant a rehearing ofthe suit upon suoh terms if any as to payment of costs gi» ii g sccurlt» or other vise ns ho may think fit on sulllclout causo shoi» 11 to Mm for that purposo Mode of Proceeding Whoro There is Want ol Partios. XL It at the time and place so named as nforeiaid or at any continuation or adjournment ol lliecouit or suit It shall appoar that any porson interested in the subject matter of thosuit is notnpai'y to tho suit or his not been duly summoned or does not appoai it ¡Juill bo laivful for tho court In its discretion oithor to proceed to tho hearing of the suit in the absence of Bach porson and t J mako a decroo eithei binding or taring the rights of suoh person or to ailjoum the salt in ordor that suoh person may bo summonod on such terms If any as to payment of costs by the plain tilt to any dofondant who shall havo appeared as suoh court '?hall think fit or to dismiss tho suit »vitliout jircjudlco to tho light of tho plaintlll to commence a. fresh suit for the same cause Pro» idod that whenever tlie court shall make a decroo In tho absonco of such Elson binding tho rights of such porson It shall ho wful for I ho judgo in lils discretion at tho samo 01 *ny subsequent court to sot asido suth decroo or any patt thoreof and to grant n rohearlng of the suit upon such terms if any as to pay mont of co«ts giving secu- rity or othoriviso as ho may think fit on sutflcient «use shown to him for that purpose K\ccutlon against Goods XLI It shall not bo necessary to sorvo any do iii or order made at the hearing of any suit 01 appoai in any court holden under this Act, but whonovor such rout fliall docrco tho payment ol monoy and tin sinio «hall not bo paid into court oithei forthwith 01 within tho time limited for that purposo tho cloik ol the said court at tho request of tho porson cntltleii vider such decree shall after thooxplration of tin time limit od for the pay mont of such monoy and with out any previous notico or summons to tho porson ro quired to pav tho samo Issuo out of such court ; Tnrrant In the form contained in tho seventh sehe dule to this Act and tho bailiff of tho said court sha! execute the said wai rant and all constables and othoi peace ofllccrs within tliolr sovoral jurisdictions slial aid and assist in tho execution of overy such warran* ai d over» bailiff or ofllcor osccuting any such »varrau as last afgrcsald may by virtue thoreof sebo and talc. any of the goads and chattels of the person agaltis whom such warrant shall have issued (ixcopting tin »cann; ipparol and bedding of such person or his in rally and the tools and implements of his trade to t In »ulna of toi pounds »hlch shall to that eUont bo pi» tectcd from such seizure) and may sell any share t>: ¡Merest at lawlor inequity willoh tho person again» yhoul such »tarrant shall havo iscuod Bhall havo li »ny claim or in any land or building occupied by » Ir lue of any business licenso granted undor tho pro Tisioim of this Act and may also seize and tako an; money or bank notes and any ohequoh bills of oxchaugi promissory notes bonds specialities or other soeuritie 1er monoy bolonging to any such person against whon any such execution shall have issued ns aforesaid am tho bailiff of the said court shall hold any choquo bills of exohango promissory notes bonds spa ciilitios or othor securities for monoy willoi shall ha» 0 boon so Eolzed or taken as aforesaid as a so cm it» or sceuritiOB for the amount directo 1 to li levied by suoh warrant or so much thoreof as shal not haye been otheriviso levied or raised for th< bcttofit of tho judgment creditor who may sue In th name of tho judgment debtor or lu the namo of au Íierson in whoso namo the judgmont dobtoi mijrh lavo »ned for the recovery of tho sum 01 sums so i"jtd or made payable thoroby when tho time of pa» gi ?nt thereof Bhnll have nrritod p"«e or Interest under Minors Bight and Buslno License XIII Whonovor tho bailiff of any court holdoi tnuler this Act shall soil any share or interest at law 0 lu oqulty In any claim or In any land or building 01 cupicd by » Irtuo or any business license granted undo the provisions of this Act such bailiff shall give to til purttiasor thereof a certificate of salo speolfyln nucli claim land or building and ovory such certifie it shall forthwith vest in luch purchasor all tho rlgli title and interest which tho person against whom sue wiriant »vns issued had at tho timo of Issulug thoroc ui suth ehlin land or building li On return of milla tiona Party to bo Committed for Ona Month XL1I1 If any ballift or officer shall makoa rotur to any »varrant of execution that ho could find 11 goods and chattels or no suflklent goods and chattol «f the porson or perso is against whom such warran shall luto issuod to satisfy such execution tho clork c tho court out of which such warrant shall have issuo «hill forthwith and without any pro» ions notloo 0 «ntinmomi to tho porson against whom such warran «lill lia» 0 issued Issuo a warrant in the form In th o|,IiUi schcilulo to this Act or to tho Uko effectand th badliT of the said Court and tho keeper of the gaol t »Uni such »»arrant is directed shall respectively or« cut* ind obey the Bald warrant and all constables an «¿tuer officers shall aid mid assist in tho elocution c such »mrraut but no imprisonment under any sue »ainuiUhiiil opérateos a satisfaction or dlschargo 0 iiie »mount duo under any dooroo ordor or cortiffr-at m li shall bo la»» lui fer tho clerk of siir-h ca tri 1 any Ilma tot-suo a frosb. oxeoution upon snob, decree order or certificate Provided always that savo as hereinafter montionod no warrant of commltmon »hall Issuo upon tho return to any such freah oxecu« On Disobodienco of Decree for Payment of Money Dobtor may bo Summoned XLIV Whonovor any sum of monoy recoverable for costs damagos or otherwlBO undor any dooroo or ordor mndoot tho healing of any suit or appeal in any court holden undor this Act or under any doo sion of any warden or warden and assessors (a certificate whereof shall havo been filed In any court holden undor this Act) shall remain unsatisfied it shall bo lawful for tho person entitled to reoovor such monoy whether any oxeoution shall or shall not havo been issued for the samo to obtain a sum mons from tho cloik of tho said court requiring tho porBon Hablo to pay such monoy to appear at such timo and placo as shall bo directed by the said sum mons boloro tho same or any other Court of Mlno3 to answer Buch things as aro named in such summom and such summons shall bo served personally and if ho shall ) pear lu pursuance of such summons ho may bo examined upon oath touching his ostatoand effects and as to the proporty and moans he has of paying satisfying and discharging such sum of monoy and as to tho disposal ho ma} havo mado of any proporty and I as to bia intention to Ieavo the colony or to dopart olsowhoro within tho colony with intent to ovado pay I mont and in caso Buch sum of monov shall bo re- coverable under tho decr«o of any such court as to tho mode in which tholiabllity tho subject of such docrjo was oontrootcd and the porson obtaining such Bum mom, as aforesaid and all other «ltnossos whom tho IjudLO shall think requisite may bo examined upon oath touching the inquirios authorised to bo mado as And may bo Examinod and Imprisoned till paymont XLV If a party so summoned as aforesaid shall not attend as required by such summons and shall not allege a sufficient oxcuso for not attending or shall if attending refuse to bo sworn or to disclose any of the things aforesaid or if ho shall not make answer touching tho samo to tho satisfaction of such court or if it shall appear to such court by oral testimony or affidavit or hy both that such party contracted the liability which was the subjoct of suoh dooroo by any Ifioud or breach of trust or has mado or oausod to bo mado any gift delivery or transfer of any property or changed romoved or concealed tho îamo with intcntto defraud tho porson entitled to such monoy as aforesaid or with intent to do feat any oxeoution lssuod upon suoh decree ordor or decision or if on such ovidonco as aforesaid It shall I appear to tho satisfaction of such court that tho nartv so sumraonod has thon or has had sincj tho timo of making such dooroo ordor or decision sutH clent moans and ability to pay tho sum so reoovorod I against bira and so duo and unsatisfied as aforesaid or that ho is about to loave the colony without paying such moncv as is still unsatisfied or to depart as afore said and if such porson si all not forthwith or within such timo as such court shall direct pay and discharge the samo it shall bo lawful for such court ii tho Judgo thereof shall think fit to ordor that any such parti shall bo committed to prison until such monoy as shall bo still unsatisfied shall bo paid and satisfied togothor with tho costs of tho commitment and all subséquent Examination may bo Had on the Original nearln j XLVI In any caso in which any dofondant to any suit in any court liol 'on undor thl» Aot shall porson all} appear at tho hearing ot tho samo the court at the hearing c f tho causo or at any adjournment thoroif I if a docreo shall bo mado against tho defondant shall havo tho samo power and authority of examining tho I laliitiff and defondant and othor parties touching tho things horolnboforo montionod and of committing tin di ft ndant to prison and of making an ordor as li i might havo exorcised undor tho provisions horolu bolero contained in caso tho plaintiff had obtafnod a >mimions for that purposo altor decroe mado as heroin 1 cforo mentioned i Form of Commitment \LVII Whonovor any order for commitment shall bo mido under the provisl ma horolnboforo contained thn clerk of tho court in which suoh ordor shall bo made shall issuo a warrant in tho form in tho ninth schcdulo to this ActortothelikoofToctand tho bailiff I tho Slid court and thokooporof the gaol to whom such w armut is directed shall respectively execute and obov tho sal I wai i ant and all constables and other poaee off! ccrs shall aid and assl.it In the execution of such w arrant Prisoner to bo Dlsoliargod on Paymont M.VIII Any person imprisoned under this Act by virtuo of any such warrant as aforesaid vi ho shall havo paid or satisflod tho sum of monoy remaining duo at tin timo of tho ibsulng of such warrant togothor with tho costs of the commitment and all subsoquont cost) si all bo discharged out of custodv upon tho certlDcato of such paymont or satisfaction slgred b} tho cleric of tho court in which such ordor of commitment shall 1 ni o 1 con mado On Disobodienco of Othor Decrees Party may bo Summonod and Committed. \I.il\ Wlier over any court boldon undor this Act or anv iudgo thoroof shall malto any docreo or ord jr other than a dooroo for tho paymont of monoy and nnj person named therein al d intended to bo bound thcrol y shall dlsnboy such dooroo or order it shall bo lawful for any i orson entitled to tho benefit thoroof to obtain a summons from tho clerk of such court en quiring tho party so disobeying to appear at sue i timo and placo as si all bo directed by tho said sum' n oiis before the sams or any othor court of mines »o slow causo why ho should not bo committed to prison until tho judge of ruell court shall othoi wiso ordor for tlhobcdienco to suoh decroe or order and stating 11 what respects such decroo or orí or has boon dis obeyed and such summons shall bo served personally and if tho porson so summoned shall appear in pur MÍMICO of such summons or in tho absenco of SUCH person on proof to tho satisfaction of such court tint such summons has boon duly served it shall bo lawful for such court to enquire into the matters monttono I in such summons on affidavit or on tho oath of ono or molo credible wltnossos or upon oath and affidavit ond If it shall appear to such court that tho porson sv summonod has In fact disoboyod aucli dooroo or order it shall bo lawlul for such court to order that sue i person bo committed to prison until tho judgo of such court shall othorwlso order and thereupon tho clerk of such court shall Issuo a wurra'*t in tho form in tho schedule to this Act or to tho Uko offbot and tho bailiff of the said court and tho keopor of the gaol to whom such warrant is directed shall respectively execute an-i cbc} tho said warrant and all constables and other peaco officers within their sovoral jurisdictions Bhatl aid and assist In tho oxeoution of any such warrant I'risonor may bo Discharged on Performance > L Whonovor any person shall bo in custody undor i tie** warrant as last aforesaid it shall bo lawril for thb efflcor in whoso custody such person moy bo on recoil' mg au order for that purposo undor hand of tho ju I¿o of the court in which such ordor of cou mitmont was mado from timo to timo to bring sucli person before snell judgo and It shall bo lawful for such judgo either vorbally to remand such person or If it shall appear to such judgo that such person has olthor performed tho decreo or ordor for disobedionco to which such porson vi as committed or has paid to tho perron obtaimn » such order of commitment or to tho clerk of suoS court In his behalf full compensation for tho breach of such part of tho dooroo or order as can no longer bo performed togothor w Ith all subsequent costs to order tho person so in custody to bo dlsoliargod and ho shall ho discharged accordingly or It shall bo lawful for such judgo o i being satisflod of tho matters aforesa d instead of causing tho porson so in custody to bo brought boforo him by ordor undor his hand directo I io such officer to ordor tho disohargo of such person, who shall bo discharged accordingly Order may bo Ex parte and Prisoner Dis-hargod by Judgo LI Any ordor of commitment undor tho provision! hereinbefore contained may (if the special circum stances of tho caso shall appoar to any such judjo tojwarrant it) bo made by aucli judgo out of court em parte and without notloo on proof By affidavit of any of tho matters aforesaid and iii that case such ordor of commitment under tho hand of such judgo may b > filed in anv court holden under this Aot in the district for which such judge shall bo appoint» 1 and tho samo proceedings may bo taken tliaroo i as upon tile ordor of such court provided that It shall bo lawful for such judgo at any tima by ordor under lils hand to direct that any porson in custody undjr any sucli last mentioned ordor shall bo forthwith dis charged and he shall forthwith bo discharged accord inglv ' Power to Grant Injunction LU It shall bo lawful for the Judgo of any cou t holden undor this Act In his discretion upon tho ap Îillca'ion of any porson legally or equitably intoroitsd n any olaim or in any gold by ordor undor tho han 1 of such judgo to enjoin any porson named in suJi ordor from oncroaohing upon occup} lng or working such claim or from washing out or removing such gold or from soiling or disposing of or etherwlso In torforing with such claim or any share or Interest therein or such gold or any part thoroof or from doing any othor act whoroby the right tltlo or intorost of such applicant In or to such claim or gold ii ight pi aflcctod until tho hearing or dotciinitiation of any suit or appeal or until tho further crdor of such Judgo or couru with power to imposo such tenus if any on tho granting of such ordor as such judgo may dod m just and such ordor to rescind or vary as ho slut1 think fit Rocolvor may bo Appointed LUI It shall bo lawful for the Judgo of any court holden undor this Act upon sueh application as aforo said by ordor undor tho hand of such judgo to appom* aomo ono or moro fit and propor persons to be a ma i ngor or managors undor whoso direction any such claim may bo worked or any such gold washed out Bud who shall rocolvo all gold takon from such claim and by such order to direct all persons interested li such claim or gold to deliver up possession to such mannaor or managers Gold, &c;, may bo Ordored to bo Deposited LIV It shall bo lawful for tho judgo of any oour' lioldon under this Aot upon tho application of any party to any Bult or appeal in sucli court by ordo undor tho hand of such judgo to direct any person party to or Interested in such suit or appoil to deposit within tho timo or tlirui mentioned in such ordor with any porson or at any placo named in Buch ordor in tho nanto of tho clerk of sucli court or in tho name of any other por*» mentioned in such ordor to abido tho decision of such court any gold monoy or othor chattel described 11 such order whtch may thon bo or which at any ttiui before the final termination of such suit or appa ii may como Into the possession power or control of sue i person party to or interested in suoh suit orappotl and the right to which will in tho opinion of such judgo be put in issuo in the courso of such suit or appeal Production of Documents may bo Ordered LV. It Bball bo lawful for tho judgo of any ciurt Jioldon under this Act on the application of any pono i party to any suit or appeal in suoh court by owior under his Jiaud to direct any other person party to or Interested in the same suit or appeal to produce aul leave with tho clerk of such court or at any othor Íilaco (or tho inspection ot suoh applicant any boo c otter account or othor document (saving all just ov. copiions) in tho possession or powor or undor the control of such other porson and which in the opinion of Buch judgo relates to any matter in issuo in su ii suit or appeal Powor to Stay Prococdlntrs LVI It shall bo lawful for any such judgo iii his discretion upon tho application of any porson who skill havo appealed from tho doclslon of any warden or warden and assessors to be mado under the provision i hereinafter contained and upon such terms if any at such JudgoshallthlnkJu8tby ordor undor lils ban j t» direct that all furthor proceedings shall bo stat o 1 -under suoh decision until tho hoaring of such Wo ii or tho Author ordor of such judgo or of such court and such proceedings shall bo Btojod accordingly Injunction may bo had Ex parte LVII Every such ordor not bolng an ordor of co n mltmotit miy bo mado elthor ev parte and withou n «leo or in tho prosonco of tho turtles to bo bound, tluruliv their ojunsol or attornoy ind nuv ftlsj bj JlJvhai¿Ld on tho ajipUuttou al any porto» affected thereby Provided »lwaya that every ex parte ordor shall be mado on affidavit only but any ordor made in tho prosonco of. the parties to bo bound thereby may be made either on affidavit or oral tostimony or both. i Form of Order and Modo of Enforcing it. L VIII. Evoryordor mado by any judgo underany of . } tho provisions horeinboforo contained may be in tho I form contained in tho schodulo to this Act without any further recital than Is directed by suoh form and ovory Buch ordor not boing nn order of com niitniont may bo served by dollvoring a copy to tin j norien to bo bound thereby and at tho taino tim» | showing tho original ordor and ovory such order may ¡ ho filed with the clerk of any court boldon under tUU j Act within tho district for which sruch judgo shall bo i appointed and shall ha enforced and proceeded on ia nil respects Uko any decree of such court. Summons to Witnossos. LIX. Any of the partios to any suit or appoai in a court holdon undor this Act may obtain at the Oftlca i or the clerk or the court summonses to witnesses to lie served at tho option of such party olther by him . soirorhisagentorbytho bailiff of tho court with or without a clause requiring tho production of book) deeds papors and writings intholr possession or under their control. ' Who May Tako Affidavits. LX. All affidavits to bo used in any court holden under this Act shall and may bo sworn boforo any judge of Hie Supreme Court or any commissioner for taking affidavits in that court or bofore tho judge of ' any County Court or of any court holden undor this Act or any justico ol the peace. Appoaranco in Person or by Attorney. LXI. It shall bo la»vful for tho party lo any suit to appeal in any oourt holdon undor this Act or for an attorney of tho Supremo Court boing au nltornoy aotlntr generally In the matter for su»h party but not an attorney retained as an advooato by such first mentioned attorney or for o banister retained by or on behalf of tno party on olther sido but »vithout any right of ex- clusivo or pro-audienco to address tho court and examine and oross-oxamlno the »vltnossos but subjoct to such regulations as tho Judgo may from time to timo proscribo for tho orderly transaction of tho busi- ness of the court. Feos to Counsel and Attorneys. LXII. The foes tobo allowod to barristers-at-law and attornoys practising in any court boldon undor this act for appearing or acting on behalf of any othor porson in any suit appeal or other proceeding in such court and tho expenses to bo paid to witnesses shall ho fixed by somo scalo in tho rules to bo made a3 hereinafter mootionod and such feos mid expenses Including tho costs of Interlocutory applications shall togothor with the court feos bo doemod costs In tho suit or appeal unless tho court or judge shall othor»viso Ordor. ClionU May Procuro Taxation of Bills and Counsel's Fees. ' LXIII. It shall bo lawful for tho judge of any court lioldon undor this Act upon tho application of any person who shall havo omployod any attorney or tar ilstor in any suit appoai or othor proceeding In such court or boforo such Judgo to Issuo a summons requir- ing any solicitor or any barrister (who in tho opinion of such judgo shall not havo boon iona fide Instructed by an attorney) to appear boforo such judgo at a time and place named In such summons and at such time and place upon tho appoaranco of suoh attornoy or liarrlBtor or upon proof of duo sorvlco of such sum- mons such judge shall proceed to tax tho ohargesand fees of such attorney or barrlstorfor any Buch proceed- ings in such court or before Bitch judgo and If in the opinion of such judgo tho charges or fees of such attorney or barrister aro unreasonable it shall be lawful for such judgo notwithstanding any contraes botivoon tho parties by ordor undor his hand to direct Mich attorney or barrlstor to ropay any part of such clmgos or foes and such order may bo filed with tin» clerk of our court holdon undor this Act withiu tho district to which suoh judgo shall bolong and may be enforcod in tho samo manner as any dooroo of tlu court for payment of monoy, Allowanco and Taxation of Costs. LXIV. In overy caso it shall bo !a»v(ut for tho judgo In his discretion to give or rofuso the costs of tho suit or appeal or any part thoreof and in ordor to abolish the oxpenso and delay occasioned by the taxation of coats aftor tho hoarlng tho judgo skill cither at tho hoarlng or at the time of pronouncing lils decision tax tho costs of such suit or appoai to hi paid by the plaintiff or defendant respectively and tho amount of costs to bo paid by olther or any of the partios shall form part of the decroo or ordor of tho court and in dcfaultof any spocial direction each party shall pay his own costs. Minutes of Proceedings to bo Kopt and to ho Evidence. LXV. Tho dork of every oourt holdon undor this Act shall causo a minuto of all plaints decrees and oidcrsof tho court and oxooutlons and returns thereto to be entered in tho said register and of all fines and othor proceedings of the said oourt or of tho judgo thereof and of all certificates Oled as hereinafter mentioned to bo fairly mado from timo to time In a journal belonging to tho said court »vhicli shall bl leptattho oUice of BUCII court and such entries in , tho said roglstor and journal rospoctlvoly or a copy tiiercof respectively bearing tho seal of the court , and slgnod and certified as a, truo copy by the clerk of tho sold court shall at ali times bo admitted in all courtB and places whatsoover as evidence of such entries and of tho proceedings referred to by such entry or ontrles and of tho regularity of such proceeding without any further proof and no record of any decree or order of tho court othor than such n Inuto as aforesaid shall bo necessary. Contompt of Court. LXVI. If any porson shall wilfully Insult the judgo oi any assessor or any bailiff clerk or oflicor ot any court boldon under this Act during his sitting or nttendnnco in court or shall wilfully interrupt the proceedings of such court or being summoned ou examined as a witness lu any suit or appeal in any Fucli court shall rofuso to be s»vorn or to answer any lawful question or shall in tho opinion of the judgo of nucli court be guilty of »vilful p:i»iirieiitiun or shall othcnvlBomkb'.'luvi-1 i rouit it -.hall bo lawful for the judgo of Mich emu I it lio r-liull think fit to commit niiy suoh oll'eiidor to prison fur any tuno not except- ing two months or to linposo on any such offender a fine not exceeding ten pounds for ovory such oftYmco M.d in default of Immediuto payment thorcot to coin it.it tho offondor as aforesaid for any timo not oxcoed Infr two months unless tho said fino bo sooner paid and in olther of the cases nfoicsald an ordor In tlu form contained in tho schodulo to this Act shall ni-y may bo Issued by suoh judgo and shall bo gool nnd valid in law without any ithor ordor summon or adjudication whatsoover. Interpleader. LXVII. If any claim shall bo mado to or in respect ol any goods or chattels takon in oxccutlon undor the j'locossof any court holden under this Act or lu ro spcit of the proeeods or valuo thereof by any porson rot being tho party against »vhom such process Im issued it Bhall bo lawful for tho clerk of such court v pon application of tho officer charged with tho exe- cution of such piocoss as well boforo as aftor any sction brought against such officer to issue a sum- ir eus calling boforo tho enid oourt as »veil tho party issuing such process na tho party mnklng suoh oUiiu and thereupon any action which shall have been lu ought In tho Supremo Court or in nny Comity- Court lu respect of such claim shall bo stayed and the court in which such action Bhall havo been brought or auy judgo thoroof on proof of tho ÍSBUO of Buch summ ins mid thal tho goods and chattels »vero so takon in execution may ordor tho party bringing such action tu pay the costs of all proceedings had upon such notion aftor tho issuo of such Bunnnons out of tho County Court and tho judgo of buch court shall adju iii. ate upon such claim and mako such order beUvoeti the parties In respect thoreor and of the costs of tlio proceedings as to liim shall soem fit nnd a plaint and judgment thereon may bo entered in tho said rcglstet vithout any previous summons or hearing for any n one.» so ordered to bo paid. 1'ni ty' Imprisoned may bo Discharged by the Supreme Court. LXV! II. It shall be lawful forany person in custody ui.dcrnn ordor of commitment mudo under this Acl ufoii giving reasonable notice to the porson (or to out of such persons if more than ono) on »rhosoappllcatioc such oidor was granted or if such porson or none o mell pet sons can bo found to the judgo by »vliom susl oi denvnB mado to apply In a summary way on nflldavil to any judgo of tho Supremo Court for his dlsohargi mid It shall bo la»vful for such judgo In his discrotioi sin) on such tormo if nny as ho shall think lit by ordoi Tivdir lils hand dlroitodto thoenoloror other pcrnoi in whoso eiiBtody BHOI» applicant may bo to direct tha such applicant shall bo discharged and such ap ji'lront shall be discharged accordingly Pro ?» ided that It shall not bo layvful for suoh judgo of tin Súpleme Court upon such application to inquire ititi Hie niorits of tho dcercoor original order on whlol t he older of commitment »vas rounded. Judge May Kohear or Stato a Case. , LXIX. It shall bo Ia»vful for tho judgo of any com 1 olden under this Act to grant a rohoarlng and to re hoar nny suit or apnoal in such court and upon tin healing and rohoarlng of any suit or appeal lu atij such court it shall bo lawful for the judgo of sucl court if ho shall think fit to reseivo any question ii the lorm of a special caso for tho opinion ofthoSupreiu Court a d in such caso no decroo or ordor shall I) undo In respect of any nmttor on »vhlch such quostioi fihnll liai-o been reservod until such opinion shall havi been givon and after sucli opinion tho said first-mo» tloned court shall nuilee a decree or order In accord oi.co ihoro»iith. Appeal from Court of Mines. LXX. If any party to any suit In any court holden tinder this Act ¡hall bo dissatisfied with tho deter mination or decision of tho said court or with an; oidor of a judgo not boing an order of commitine» buch parly may appeal rrom tho samo to tho Suprem Court Provided such party shall »vithin seven day after such determination or decision or ordor gtvi iiotlco In writing of such appeal to tho opposllo part' or his attornoy and also deposit in tho hands of th" clerk of tho court tho sum of twenty pounds to answa ti c cost of tho appeal If BUCII appoai bo dismissed au . tho Puprcmo Court shall mako such ordor In thu mtt toi of such appeal ns shall appoar just and may elths ailinn or vary tho dooroo or ordor appealed from am may award costs not exceeding twenty pound* agaltn such appallan! and ovory such appeal shall bo iu th fmin of a caso ngrood on by both partios or their attoi , licys or counsel or if they cannot agree tho judgo sha! bottle the case and sign It and such caso shall bo trail niltted hy the appellnnt to tho prothonotnry and b . sot down for argument in tho Supremo Court in th tumo manner as special cases in notions lu that oom I 1'roi Ided that no such appeal shall operate as a stay c j pioo.-edliijrs unlcus tho judgo of the Court of Mille t-liall 'o order and »rhenever tho said Supreme Oom shall on appeal order that any decree of tho cour ?»»hose decision is appealed fioin shall bo reversed o varied tho cloik of suoh Inst-montioncd court aln enter in the said roglstor a minuto of such reversal u variation and the decree as reversed or varied shall b doomed to bo tho docreo of such last-mentioned eoui or shall bo proeeoded on accordingly. Power to Make Itules of Practico. LXXI. It shall'bo lawful for the sovcral porstn »ho for the time being .slull bo attornoy-genoral sol cltor general and judges of tho Coutts ol' Mtnoj o any tour of them of whom tho said nttornoy o I '«.MUior sholl bo one to frame ouch genera' rnlei » . to Hiern sholl seem expedient for and eoncoriiin j the practice and procccdines ol' tho comí holden under thU Act olthor in their original orapi i Into jut isdlctlon and for the execution of procoäi c snell courts and In relation to any of tho provision« c this Act which relate to the courts to be holden uni: tliii Act as to which thero may ar|so any doubtä au neo so fran o form«, for o»-ery matter or procaoJ , ii g in tho bald courts for which they shall think it ii' ' «"eWarj that n form Bhould' bo provided and ulJo fe i ku-piiig all bjoks onlrlos and accounts to bo Hont b I the ilorks of thosaid courtsand for and concerning th i ft-uS,aiul expousos to bo poid to any attornoy t r birr! i j ti i or u> tim parties or to their witnesses and Tri . time to time lo alter any mich rulo or tonn and ti I i'i. s. m undo omi tile firms so TrameJ »lull by o > ki.nultiidui.ed In all Uro courts holden under thi Act and in any caso not expressly provided for herein I itrbytho said rulos tho gouorol principles of practlci | lu the Supiomo Court may be adopted and appliod an I Iho discretion of tho judges to suits and procoodinga in B I heir sevoml courts and all such rules as aforesaid J shall bo submitted by the porsons making tho samo to I two or more of tho judges of the Supremo Court of I E- ,hom the ohlof justico shall be ono and such judgos of I ho Supremo Court may approve or disallow alter or U mond such rules or any of thom and suoh of the ruloj ¡j las shall bo so approved by such last-mentionod judges M shall ho certified by thora to bo proper and it sha'l | thereupon bo lawful for the Governor with tho advice j aforesaid to ordor that such rulos shall bo adopted and onforecd in all courts holden under this Aot but no such rulo shall havo offoct until one month after tho publication of such ordor in tho Government Gazette and ovory sucli rulo shall from and after tho oxpira llon of such timo as last nforosaid bo of the same foreo and effect sa if tho same had boon enacted by tho Legislature. ... , . , Wardens to bo Appointed. LXXII. It shall bo lawful for the Governor in Coun- cil to appoint in and for this colony or any district or portion thoroof oortain iudloial ollicors who shall bo colled " Hor Majesty's Wardens of tho Gold Fields" and who'Bhall within tho limits for which thoy shall havo boen so appointed havo and oxorciso the juris- diction hereinafter mentioned and ali BUCII wardens shall be appointed In the Banio mannor as justices. Jurisdiction of Wnrdon. LXXI1I. It shall bo lawful for any warden upon tho complaint of any porson holding tho minor's right or any leaso undor trio provisions of this Act that any othor porson has ouoroachod upon or occupied any claim in tho possession of tho complainant or any part i thereof or interfered in any way whatovor with the [working of any such claim or with any right or privi- lege of tho complainant connected with minina; and legally onjoyed in accordonco with tho provisions of tliis Act or undor any byo-laws in foreo In pursuanco there f to proooed to tho spot and to ontor on tho clalnu of any of the partios and vorbally to ordor any othor lurson to enter upon suoh claims for tho pur- poso of invest'gatlng tho matter of such complaint and thoroupon m the prcsonco of all tho partios in- terested or of snell of thom as shall appear to suoh warden sufficiently to reprosont all tho portioB in- terested or in the absonce of any of tho partios in- terested who having had reasonablo notico of tho hearing of such complaint shall not appear to hoar rceolvo and examino ovidonco and to determino suoh ccmplnint in a summary way with full powor to ad- journ tho hearing of such complaint to any other timo or placo and if it Bhall appear to such warden that tho porson oomplainod against has occupied or lias onoioached upon tho claim of such complainant or any part thorcof or in any other way what- soever hss interfered with tho working of such claim or with any such right or privlloge as aforesaid it shalt bo lawful for such warden to adjudge tho samo accordingly and at tho samo timo to n<scss and award to tho complainant tbo amount of damago if any r-ustalnod by the complainant by reason of such occupation encroachment or interference and it shall bo lawful for tho same or aDy othor warden to causo tho porson so found to hav o occuplod or on , cronched as aforesaid his sorvants implements goods und chattels to bo removed from tho «laim so on croacltod upon or occupied and to placo in possession tho rightful claimant to any such claim or portion of claim so ouoroachod upon or ocoupied. Possession of Abandoned Claims. LXXIV. It shall bo lawful for any warden upon tho complaint of any porson holding tho miner's right that the tltlo of any othor porson to any claim or to any undivided share in any claim has been forfeited or is to bo dcemod to bo aban loncd under any bye-law to be mado as hereinafter mentioned and that no othor I orson has boon put into possession as next herein- after mentioned or that such complainant ÍB entitled to take possession of and occupy for tho purpose of mining any portion of Crown land which any othor person han In possession and claims to occupy for such purposo or that such complainant is tho assignee of any claim or of any share therein to proceed to the spot and to ontor on any claim or othor place and v orbally to ordor any other porson to enter upon any claim or other placo for tho purposo of investigating tho matter of suoh complaint and thereupon in the prcsonco of all the partios interested or of such of thom as shall appoar to such warden sufficiently to represent all the parties interested or in tho absonce of any of tho parties interested who cannot bo found or who havlpg had reasonable notice of tho hearing of such complaint shall not appoar to hoar recoivo and examina evidence mid todetormtnesuch complaint inasummary way (y, 1th full powor nevertheless to adjourn the hear- ing of such complaint to any othor time or place) and if It shall appear to such warden that the title to such claim or aharo has boon forfeited or is to bo dcemod to bo abandoned as aforesaid and that no other porson lins been put into possession at next hereinafter men- tioned or that tho complainant is entitled to tako pos- session of and occupy for tho purpose of mining any such portion of Crown land as aforesaid or is auch assignee as aforesaid it shall be lawful forsuch wardon to adjudgo tho same accordingly and for tho samo or any other wardon to cause such camptainant to bo put into possession ol such claim share or portion as afore- said and if necessary t" causo any defendant his sor- vants implements good« and chattels to be removed from such claim or from tho claim of which such shara shall farm a part. Assessors to bo Summoned by Warden. LXXV. It shall bo lawful for either of the partios previous to tho hearing of any such complaint to re- quire that such complaint shall bo heard before suoh w ardon and four assessors and thoroupon it shall bo lnvi ful for such warden and ho is horoby roqulred to summon boforo him olthor vorbally or in writing a sufficient number of indifferent porsons boing natural horn or naturalisod snbjeets of tho Quoeii to aot as I such assessors until tlionuinber of four as'osBors shall be obtained and either party shall bo admitted tj challougo po. omptorlly to the number of six and also any further numbor provided thoy assign of their chnlloiigoa cause certain and tho truth of such chal- lenges bhall bo inquired of by tho warden and any per- son so summoned who without lawful oxeuso shall ni gleet 01 refuse to attend shall bo fined suoh sum of money not exceeding five pounds as such warden shalt think fit. Oath to bo Administered. I.XXVI. Bofore such warden and assessors shall proceed to hoar any such complotât such war- den shall administer to each of such asses- sors op oath lu tho form in the sehedulo to thin Act and thereupon such.warden and assessors shall proct od to hoar such complaint and tho deoision of tho in»,1orlty of thom the sala wardon and assessors In any of'the matters aforesaid shall have tho same foreo and uffect as tho decision of Buch wardon if act- ing alono w uuld havo had and thoroupon such decision shall bo carried into offoct by the same or any other warden aloro. W.udon's Doelsion to be Recorded. LXXVII. A minute of tho deoision of such wardon or of any sucli warden and assessors as tho case may bo shall bo entered by such wardon lu a book to bo kept for that putposo and signed by such wardon and also by tho assessors if any making such deoision ana no formal ordor shall bo necessary and a copy of suoh minute shall on domand be given to any of the parties interested therein and the docislon of any such Win- don or of any such warden and assessors as the case may be shall be binding and conclusivo on all partios unless tippcaled from as hereinafter provided. Mode of Enforcing Such Decision. LXXVIIt. Whonovor any sum of monoy shall bo awardod by way of damagos or costs in or by any decision of any waldon or of any wardon and assessors and tho same shill not bo forthwith paid such warden on the application of the porson ontitlcd to rcco.ve such costs or damages or of any porson on his behalf shall grant to the party so applying a certificate In tho form con- tained In tho sehedulo to this Act or to tho Uko effect that such certificate when filed in the Court of Mines of any district shall havo tho samo force and oll'cet »s a decree of sueli court for the paymont of monoy and moy bo procooded upon accordingly and it shall be lawful for tho clork of sueh court immediately to issue oxeoution thereon in the same mannor as upon a dcci co of such court for tho paymont of money. Summons for Witnesses. LXX1X. It Miali bo lawful fur any wardon on tho application of oithor of tho parties to any complaint to i«suo a summons under lils hand lu the form in tho schedule tu this Act or to tho like effect calling on any porson therein named to attond at a time and placo thoi oin named far the purposo of giving ovidonoo cn tho hearing of such complaint. Feos to Wardon and Assessors. LXXX. Boforo proceeding to hear any such com- plaint 'ovory such warden shall demand and receive from the complainant the sum of two pounds (to bo retained if sucli wardon shall not be a salaried officer for his ow>n liso) and boforo any a«sossor Bhall bo sum-, moped such wardon shall domand an reçoive tho fur thor sum of two pounds from the porson demanding n-sosáfirs and each of tho assessors boforo boing sworn.7 shall bo entitled to receive thereout tho sum of ten, shillings and tho'said sumB of two pounds and tua pounds Bhall bo doomed tho costs of tho hearing and shalllio paid by such of the parties as such warden or such wardon and assessors as tho case ma} bo shall lu. and by their decision award and such costs snail bo ro coverablo in the samo manner as damagos awardod to any complainant under this Act. Appoal from Wardon and Assessors. , LXXXI. if any person shall bo desirous of appealing from the decision of any wardon or of any wardon or assessors ho bhall within soven days after such docislon pay to tho clork'of tho Court of Mines of the district in' which sucli decision shall havo boon mado Iho sum of flv o pounds foi fees and shall at tho samo timo deposit y lï h such clork tho sum of ton pounds to abide the' costs of such appeal and thereupon such clerk shalf Issuo out of such court asummons directed to tho per- sons interested in supporting such decision or to Buch of thom as shall appear to the judgo sufficiently to reprosont all tho parties IntoteEtod requiring them to show causo to such court at a timo and placo to bo named in such summons why such decision should not be rovorsod or varied and ovory such sum- mons shall be made returnable at the next sitting of the court at such placo as Bhall bo nearest to tho placo at which such decision was mado and overy Buch appeal shall be heard boforo tho said court and six assossors to bo summoned as hereinafter montionod in Uko man i cr as Issues in an action at law in tho Supremo Court ami tho verdict of such assessors or of any /our of them shall bo final and such court shall procood to inako an order reversing or varying such decision or dismissing sucli appeal in accordance with such ver- dict and shall If necessary order restitution as tho caso may require and in and by such ordor tho said court may award such costs to oithor party as the judgo 'sholl think fit Provided always that no sucli! appeal .hall be so heard unless the said summons shall havo boon served 6ovon days boforo tho same la returnable upon all parties Interested in Supporting such de- cision or upon such of thom as shall appear to the judgo sufficiently to represent all the parties Interested or in cas» no such party can bo found upon the war- den who mado the decision nor unless at tho hearing cf such appoal a copy of the minute of such decision certified under tho hand of a warden shall bo produced to Buch court and proof of tho handwriting of such ( w ahlen to such copy shall bo prima /acia evidonco of i such decision and if such verdict as aforesaid Bhall not I begiton within one hourafter tho caso shallholof'.. i I '.nen. 'heappeal shall be dismiss«! without 3>»ts ! Assessors to Hear All Appeals. I , LXXXII. Tho clerk of every court holden undor this | Act »hall before any sitting 'of such court for tho 1 j urposo of hearing appeals if any appeal shall havo , been entered cause a sufficient number of indifforout i uersonsnotlcssthan ten cachof whom Bhall boanaturat i Lorn or naturalised subject of the Queen tobo sum j moiied from tile neighbourhood to attend the court ! as assessors at a time and place to bo mentioned lu tho summons and shall administer or causo to-be admi- nistered to such of thom as shall cmpamiollod to try any appeal au oith to glvo a true verdict according tt» »thccildenco and tho persons to summoned sholl ns i tend at the court at tho time mentioned in the sum ' mens nuil in duCuilt of attendance without lawful ax 1 tue shall bo fined such sura of monoy as tho judía tijùi iLink fit not exceeding five pounu. PIUVLLU always that no porion shall be summoned or com- j polled to sorvo as stich assessor moro than t»vico in ona j j car. I Their "Remuneration. LXXXIII. Etury porson who shnll bo summoned to net as an assessor In any court holden under this Act shall bo entitled to reçoive for ovory day of such at- > tendance tho sum of fen shillings and tho additional ; sum of five shillings for ovory appeal upon the hoariii? i of which he sholl act as assessor Provided that no su Î i i person shall bo entitled to reçoive in tho whole mora than one pound for any ono day j ' Assessors may bo Takon from Bystanders. i LXXXIV. In case of sufficient number of tho par-1 sons summoned to act as assessors In any court to bl ! 'holden under this Act shall not attend or shall be, challenged and set asido It shall be lawful for the clerk ot such court as often as need bo either to nonii natoand appo nt anyone of tho bystanders (bolngsuch subject as aforesaid) to net as assessor or to summon a sufficient number of persons from tho neighbour- hood imtiltho number of assossors required shall bo obtalnod and any of tho bystandors so uorainatod anil actirg as assessor shall bo entitled to recolvo tho sann sum for such attondanco as if ho had boon originally summoned to attend and any of the partios shall hive tho'samo right of chnllongo to any assessor so added as ho would havo had to any porson originally sum- moned. Mode of Enforcing Decision nftor Appeal ' LXXXV. Alter any appoai agaitiBt tho decision of any waldon or warden and assossors shall bo deter- mined if such appoai shall bo dlsmlssod it shall bo law. ful for any warden to procood to onforco tho samo in the same manner as such warden might have dono if np such appoai had boon brought and in case any euch decision shall be varied upon appeal tho decision so varied shall be deomod to bo the decision of tho wardon or warden and assessors »vhoso decision »va appealod against and it Bhall be lawful for any wardott to proceed to onforce the decision so and as »'aried in the samo manner as If it had been tho original deci- sion of auch wardon or of such warden and assessors end had hoon affirmed on appeal Provided alivaya that if any decision whon -so affirmed or varied shall contain nn a»vard of damagos and oosts or either of them the clork of tho court shall on tho application of the person entitled to »nell damages and costs or either of them und »vithout any summons or notice to tho porson required to pay tho same forthwith issus execution lev tho amount thereof although no certi- ficate shall havo been filed as herein boforo provided and in caso suoh court shall order that any monoy re- ceived by any respondent undor tho doolslon appealod against shall be paid into court and tho same shall nob forthwith or »vithin the time limited for that purpose bo paid into court or in caso such court shall dooroo costs against any party to such appoai mid tho same shall not bo paid into court within tho time limited \ for that purposo tho clerk of Buoh court shill (upon tho application of tho person entitled to receive the samo and without any summons or notice to the porson required to pay tho samo) fortlnvlth Issue execution for the amount thoreof in tho same mannor; as upon any decree of the said court for pay- ment of monoy or in case the said court of appeal shall ordor that possession of any claim or of any share thorcin shall bo restored to the appellant then it shall oohuvfui for any warden to proeeod to tho spot and to causo possession thoreof to bo dolivoroel to such ap- pelant and if necessary for that purposo to causo to bo removed from suoh olalm any othor porson his corvants goods and ahatteis. ' Mining Board Constituted. LXXXVI. Within and for ovory such district a«; aforesaid thoro shall bo ft Mining Board »vhlch shall consist of a chairman to be from time to time ap- pointed by tho Governor in Council and of nine mem- bers to bo elected as hereinafter montionod and suoh hoard shall moot for tho despatch of business at such place or places »vlthln tho Bald district as tho Qovornor in Council shall appoint. Duration Thereof. LXXXVII. Tho chairman of Buch board shall hold that office during tho ploasuro of tho Qovoiuor lu Council and the othermemboni thereof shall continua in such offices until their successors shall bo elected as. hereinafter montionod but notwithstanding anything; \- horcinbefore contained it shall be lawful for any mem- ber of tho Mining Board by writing under his hand addressed to tho chairman thereof to resign his seat in such hoard and tho same shall theroupon become ?» acant from tho time of the receipt of such »vriting hy tho said chairman. Payment of Mombors. LXXXVIII. Every membor of the Mining Board shall recolvo at tho expiration of tho period for which ho shall bo oleeted tho sum ot fifty pounds out of the consolidated revonuo of Victoria subjoot to such de- ductions for fines for non-attoiidanco as hereinafter mentioned Provided that no mouiber »vho by resigna- tion or othorwiso vacates lils seatbelore the expiration of such period shall bo entitlod to reçoive nny part of such sum an 1 that no membor who shall bo elected to fill a vacancy In any board Bhall bo entitled to reçoive moro than a proportionate part of such sum from the time of his election. Mining Districts lo bo Divided LXXXIX. It shall bo lawful for tho Qovornor In Council to split any such district as aforesaid into any number of divisions and t» defino the limits and boundaries thereof respectively and also to determine tho numbor or members of the Mining Board of stielt district which shall bo elected »vithin and for ovory sucli division and from timo to timo to altor any such division and tho limits and boundaries thereof: and to vary the numbor of mombors which shall bo elected »vithin and for overy such division but so that tho total numbor of members elected for such district shall in no case exceod nina. Gonoral Election to bo held Yearly. XO. Tho first gonoral election of members in any district shall take place on such Saturday as the : Governor In Council shall direct and on the corre- sponding Saturday in ovory subsequent yoar nins oilier mombors shall bo oleeted to sorve on such board in llou of those previously oleotod and »vlthln each division there aboli bo oleeted the number of ruem liors determined as aforesaid and »vlienovor any seat in any board shall beeomo vacant In tho Intorval between two general eloetions a member shall ba elected to ill! such vacancy within and for the divi | sion for wh'ch tho membor WIIOBO soat Is vacant shall I have been elected Qualification of Votors. , XOI. Every malo porsou of the full ago of twenty* 0710 yojrs holding a minor's right and resident within any such division as last aforesaid shall bo entitled to roto at ovory election for as many membors as aro then to bo returned for such division. Ñotloo of Election and Nomination of Candidatos. XCII. One month boforo any olcctlon under this Act the chairman of such board shall glvo public notloo of such oloctlon requiring tho nomos of all candidates ai.d of tholr proposers to be forwarded to him within such time not loss than sixteen days from tho time of giving such notlco as shall bo named in such notice and any persons desirous of nominating a candidato for any such division shall within tho timo namod in such notico forward to such chairman in writing tho christian and surname of such candidate and the division for which ho is pro- posed and such nomination shall bo signed by not loss than ton persons duly qualified to voto at such cleotiou mid no person shall bo capablo of being elected at any such election unless ho shall havo been proposed in tho lnannor abovo montioned. Modo of Procoodiug at Elections. XCIII. If tho number of the candidates nominated as aforesaid for any division shall not exceed tho iium hor of monibers to bo olocted for such division tho chairman shall declare such candidates to bo duly elected and they shall bo deemed to bo duly elected accordingly but if the numbor of such candidatos shall oxcoed tho number of mombors to bo elected for such division tho chairman shall causo voting papen to bo printed with the christian and surnames of all the candidates iii full in the form in tho (schedule to this Act and shall givo public notice that a poll will bo taken for tho election of mombors on D10 day appointed for that purpose and on that day a poll shall bo takon at such places within Buch divi- sion as tho Governor in Council shall from time to time direct, Tho Polling. XCIV. At overy poll tho chairman and his doputlos (who shall bo appointed in writing under the hand o£ such chairman) shall act as roturning officers and every poll shall commonco at elovon o'clock in tho forenoon and closo at six o'clock in the , afternoon and shall bo taken in such buildings as tho chairman shall soloct. Appointmont of Scrutineers. XCV. Each candidato shall bo entitled to appoint lu writing ono scrutluccr to bo present in each polling jocm and such scrutineers and the roturning officer and any electors not oxcoe¿ing three in number shall alono bo pormittod at any 0110 time to enter or remain lu tile polling room without tho consent of tho roturn- ing ofliocr and ovory returningofncershall have power to causo any poison to bo removed who shall obstruct 1 i ho approaches to any polling room or shall conduct I himself in a disorderly Jhnnnor and all constables and jieaco officors shall aid and assist such returning office: I 111 the porformanco of his duty. Tho Ballot-box. XCVI. Tho chairman in each district shall provide tionoils or pens and ink in ovory polling room for tha use of the electors and also a locked box witli a cloft or oponliig thorein capablo of recolving tho ballot papers and such box shall stand on a tibio opposite the t cturning officer who sholl koop tho koy thereof. Votors to Produce Miners' Bight. XCVII. Every elector boforo voting shall produce lils miners right to the returning officer who shall en- dorse thereon his namo or initials and shall deliver, tc such elector a ballot paper with the namo or initials ol such returning officer and overy such elector shal without leaving tho room strike out tho names 01 «very candidate for whom ho shall not desire to voit mid lu case any elector shall be unabloto read or writ! tho returning officer if required shall strike out tin names of such candidates os.such elector may dosig tiato mid af tor such names shall have boen so struck out the voting-paper shall bo deposited in the sait box. And Answor Questions. XCVIII. It shall bo lawful for any returning office: to put to any person tendering his voto tho quostion following 1 1. Aro you of tho ago of twonty-onc years ï . 2. Aro you residing in this division 5 3\. Aro you tho poroon named in this miner's right And no othor quostion shall bo put to any perjoi tendering his voto and no person who shall refuse t answer any such question or who shall not answer th same to tho satisfaction of the returning officer 0 whoso miners right shall havo ondorscd thereon who: fi rst pi oducod as aforesaid the initials of any returnin ^officer at such olection shall bo permitted to voto. Ballot-papers to be Counted and Rosult Declared. i XOIX, Iinincdiately'upon tnocloseof the poll th . returning ofiioiir in ovory room shall proceed in th .presouco of tho scrutineers of tho candidates to asooi tain tho number of votos for each candidato and sha > Immediately afterwards replace the voting-papers l the ballot-box and forward the same locked with th Key scaled up together with a list of the total vote for each candidate to such returning officer in tli dlvisi ni as the chairman shall appoint and such roturi ing officer shall as soon as conveniently eau be ufK [ the day of tho poll give public notice of the nunibc of votos given to each candidato and shall declare ti: candidates who have received the greatest numbor 1 j rotes In such division to be duly elected and if two < ( more candidates shall hayo received an equal liumbi j- pf votes tho chairman shall have the casting vote. I Proviso in casa of Riot at tho Polling. > 0. WI1011 the proceedings at any election under th (Act shall be interrupted > 'or obstructed byanyri or open violence the-returning officer shall n > 'finally close the poll but shall adjourn itl: ' taking of tho pell at tha > polling plice at wale 1 such inteiruptioii or obstruction shall hil Jbappciied to tho Monday following and if asea nary such -returning officer shall further a Joura such poll until such Interruption or obstruotij «Hall have ceasod whon snob, returning officer sin again i>rococd with tho takiiijr of tho poll at tho ali: ? at which tho same may have boon interrupted or obstruoted. i Meeting of Board. ' C1. Kvery mining board shall hold its first mooting I on thosecond Tueselay after ovory general election and tball havo powor to adjourn from time to timo but It ' shall be lawful at all tlineB for tho chairman to con 1 veno a special meeting of such noard on giving four ' teen dans notice thereof by advertisement in ono or imore nowBpapers published or circilatlng in tho district to »»hielt he belongs. -Quorum and Casting Voto, i Oil. Tho chairman and four members of tho board I shall form a quorum and all questions before tho board shall ho dotormined by the majority of votes Provldod 1 that the chairman shall havo no voto unless in case of ' an equality of votes when he shall havea costin? vote [ mid provided also that in caso a quorum shall not as- semble within one half hour after the time appointod ' for any meotlr g or having so assembled shall disperse I the board f hall stand adjourned till the next day at ' tho Bamo hour. i Minutes of Board's Proceedings. CIII. Minutos of tho proceedings of the board sha 1 1 bo entered in a book to bo provided by tho ohalrmau mid t)io name of ovory' mombor of tho board present »t each mooting shall bo ontored in such book by tho chairman and every member shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings for every day on »vhich ho sholl absent hlmsolf from tho meetings of the board such sums to bo deducted from the amount made payablo to him as hereinbefore montionod und fourteen days before tho xpiratlon of one yoar aftor overy gonoral election the halrman shall forward a list of such forfeitures to the Treasurer. I Deputy Chairman. | CIV. In case of the lllnoss or unavoidable absence of any chairman it shall bo lawful for the Governor in Council to appoint an acting chairman who during such illness or absence mayoxorciso the powen by this Act vested in f he chairman. Mining Board to Mako Bye-laws. CV. Every Board constituted undor this Act shall havo power from time to timo but subject to the provisions of tins Act to mako byela»vs for de- termining the size and form of claims tho events on which the title to any claim or to any share therein shall boeomo forfoltod or bo doomed to bo abandoned the mode in which the right to any claim or to any share or interest therein may bo assigned the conditions on which it shall bo hold tho quantity and form of land and tho sitos which may bo occupied under any husinoss llconso the torms and conditions on which leases for minino; purporos shall ho granted and tho oxtent of ground which may bo leased tho mode In which ana conditions on »vblch water privileges connoctod with mining may bo ob- tained and enjoyed tho mode in which claims shall be worked and gouerally to make all such byo laws relat- ing to mining or to the uso of any wator holes as may I bo necessary and propor for tho management of the 1 Gold Fields or for the suppression or prevontion of nuisances with powor to lmposo penalties for the fu fringemont of such bye- laws and to fix tho amount thereof so that no such penalty shall excocd the sum of ten pounds for any ono ofTonco and otcry such board BheUl havo powor to appoint officers to carry out and enforce all such byo-Iaws and to determine the foes payable to such officers respectively and all such bye laws may bo In the form contained in the Bchodulo to this Act and shall bo signod by the ohalr , ju IUU trmisttituu -cou tftuu jjci acre wilt)i tlio rent was not charged per acre in. the com moncement. "Where was the provision ii the bill for ascertaining the acreage of th run? The boundary was fixed, but not thi extent, and this was another proof of the one Bided nature of the bargain. Further on t provision was made that the squatter mighl I fence in his run, and, in cases of sale of thi land, that he should receive an allowanci according to the nature of the fence. It woult puzzle tho Solicitor General to find any sue! clause as this in the Orders in Council ; anc he would challenge the hon. gentleman ti find any such clause in the Orders or for glv Ing compensation for any other improvement than homesteads. The bill provided no lirai to tho estent of these improvements, and ii ivas possible that a man of capital mighl irect ldia¡o and valuable buildings on thi »rater fiontage of his run, and bj this means effectually shut out thi bnblic from entering on his run at all He would never sell the water frontages ti Jtny person. (Hear) Vast tracts of thi fountiy weie of no avail for any ofche: purpose than that of pasture, and cona pared with this portion the agricultural lan« was of limited extent. Ile believed tha .there were only about 16,000,000 of acres o; itgricultural land in the whole territory, ant {therefore ho was anxious that every facillt; ßhould bo given to the people to occupy it a «a given price. He wanted to know, too tvhat was the use of giving particular privl Îeges to "military settlers," now that the; tad the control of their own land. (" Stat ¡paupors.") He was opposed to concedió; ¡these privileges altogether. There wa pothing in the bill, that he could see, to pro Vent the Government from carrying out it provisions as they pleased: two Govom inents might carry them out in perfectly opposite way, and therefor there was not that security afforded t the psople over all Governments whic "there ought to be, as the people desiied t settb cn the land without being exposed t tho variations of opinion of different Gove« ïnents. The bill had not touched at all o the question of the auriferous lands of til colony. And why, he would ask, had not tri 'dootrino been openly and boldly declared i it that the gold did not pass with the land o the sale of the latter ? He hoped in tho di 'cuBsion of this question that he should not t ,chDigod with partiality for any class. He wo ,not an enemy of the squatters, nor did h endorse their extieme views; neither was h on enemy of the landowners, but what t wished was to take the best advantage of iii country which God had civon them, for ia benefit of the nation at large. (Hear.) S know the value of the pastoral interest to th colony, and was not there to depreciate it ; h believed, too, that the squatteis were conten to pay a fair rent for the occupation of the lan if on amount was fixed instead of the manne in which it was left open by the present bil If tho Government passed this measure, i would not prevent tho people from pressin their rights over and over again ; but what h desired to see was a permanent and equitabl adjustment of the matter. He thanked th House for the patience with which tiley hat listened to his remarks, and he could assur lion, members that his only object was t< fuither the interests of the country in whicl his lot had been cast. (Oheers.) Mr. FELLOWS said, that after the con tracts and resolutions which had been mad by the hon. member for Kilmore to sho» that tho bill was not in accordance with th .resolutions, he had resumed his seat withou having fulfilled any one of them. The hon member treated on the Land Sales Act, am eaid the clauses in the present bill would hav the same effect as that act, except with re ference to special country lots, bat tho hot member had overlooked a very importan provision in this bill for the purpose of avoid mg that speculation which he so much de tests-viz,, requiring deposits of not los than 25 per cent, instead of the 10 per cent. r< quired by the Land Sales Act. This wai, yery i mportant difference. The hon. momba liad stated that tho bill was not in accordauc ,with the resolutions, but he did nothing nxor than make this statement : he did no attempt to prove it, except so fa as the second WOB concerned. The hon. mem ber asked to be pointed out the clause in th resolutions which affirmed the lights of th squatters, but where, ho (Mr. Fellows) askod did the hon. member find any clause in th bill which affirmed the existence of any aucl rights ? It was true he had had a finger it the pie in framing the hill, and it was i oataial mode to pursue to recite all the docu monts with which tho bill proposed to deal £e.'cW.fôn")e,°i_the bul had been cautiously Mm shall assault or threaten" to assault niiy/puiW_-¡ w hose fat our such decision shall havo boon made sha on conviction thereof forfeit any sum not oxcooctir. fifty pounds. Penalty on witness Neglecting to Appear. CXIV. Any porson on whom any Bummons issue by any warden or out of any court boldon undor th Act i equiring such person to appear as a witness I such court or boforo such warden and to whom at til samo time paymont or tonder of his oxponsos sha hato been Jnado'on thó scale hereinbefore mentlone and who shall refuse or neglect without suffleloi causo to appear or who Tiavlng appeared boforo sue vardon shall refuse to'bo sworn or to answer an lawful question Bhall on conviction forfeit and pa any sum not exceeding ' len pounds but no such coi victlon shall exempt such person from any action ii disobeying such summons. Penalty for Offences Connected with Eloctions. CXV. If any person tendering his vote under th Act shall knowingly and wilfully make a false an'sw to any of tho questions aforesaid or personate i attempt to personate any voter or if any rotunilt officer shall knowingly and wilfully mako a fal return of tho number of votes for any candidato i «ny.elootlon under this Aot_or shall wilfully falsify . fraudulently supproes any voting paper such perse or such returning officer shall bo guilty of a misd cicanour and shall on convietion before any compotei court bo scntencodto imprisonment either with i w lthout hard labour for some period not oxceodii tuelve months, , ¡ Penalty on Warden Acting if Interested. CXVI. If any warden appointed under HÜB A shall knowingly adjudlcato in any matter in which 1 shall hate dlreotly or indirectly any pecuniary intero ho shall bo guilty of a misdemeanour and shall on co vlctlon before any competent court bo Hablo to iii or imprisonment or both In the discretion of sm J-dVft, -' Penalty for Breach of Bye-law. CXVII. If any porson shall Infringe any lawful by law of any board he shall on conviction thereof forfi and pay for every suoh offenco the penalty ed afuicaid. i Certiorari. . CXVIlf. No procoodlngs undor this Act shall remoledor removable into tho Supremo Court sa and c\çept os horeitiaftor provided. Appeal to General Sessions. CXl«\\...Any person whoshall fool himself aggrloi hy tiny tonviuion oi ordor of any justice or Justic .-tiller this Act may appeal from any such convlotli or order to tho nevt court of general sessions of t! peace w hich shall ho held nearest to tho placo who such conviction or ordor shall havo been given ina Io and the execution of overy Biioh conviction order so appealed fronj shall ho suspended in ca tuth perron shall with two or moro sufficient sut liumuuudiati!} before such Justice oi justices eut Snto a bond or recogni/anco to Hor Majesty in th» i um o£ fifteen pouuds which bond or rocognlzaio > espcctivoly such just leo or justicos Is and aro horeb/' 1 authorised and required to take and such bond or rcccgntomce shall bo conditioned to prosecute su*ht appeal with oflcct and to bo forthcoming to abide t'l* ('otcrmlnation of the said court of general sessions an ! to pay such costs as the said court shall award on suo c occasion and such court of general session is herd if authorised and required to hoar and determine th» mattet of the said appeal and the decisions of sun e lastmontloned court shall bo final to all intents J. I F purposes. i Commencement of this Aot. ' CXX. This Act shall como into forco at thooxpiri-r lion of two months noxt after the passing hereof a i C from and after that tiino an Aot of tho Governor an I Legislativo Council passed in the oighleontli year o£ tho rolgn of her present Majesty intituled "jin A:fi "to amend the Laws relating to the Gold Field,' shall, bo an J tho same is herooy ropoaled Provtd'i alwayB that any offence committed og'r.inst ti» said ' Aot before tho day on which this Aot shute comet into forco shall and may be tried or Inqulcjt into and ovory conviction nr order of any justice o¿ local-court made or given bofore the commencement of this Actshvllandraay bo onforocd and procoeJjJt with as if this Act had not boon passed. Saving Existing Regulations. OXXI. All rules and regulations heretofore tua-lji by any local courts shall at tho oxplration of on* yearlnost after tho commoncomont of this Act bat absolutely void and of no offbot oxcopt as to mattonj and things concluded before that time but it aha! V he nevertheless lawful for tho mining board of an«» district to annul all or any of such rules and regula«, tious so far as the samo may bo in force in suoh dis« trictjand oyory minor's right leaso and llconse grautoi under the said Act shall continue in forco as if th'ut Aot had not boon passed. \- I .. '-' - Jj THE GOULBURN.—A correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser writes :—" We have had long continuance of beautiful autumn weather, and the diggers are beginning seri- ously to feel the want of water. The popula- tion, which is every day increasing, now numbers about five thousand. This gold-field is of considerable extent. There are diggings in various places from Sandy Creek to Whroo and thence to Rushworth, a distance of six- teen or seventeen miles. Gold has been found considerably to the north of Rushworth, and altogether the workings extend over a dis- tance of at least two or three and twenty miles. The country generally resembles that of the northern portion of Bendigo, consist- ing of low ironbark ranges, with large num- bers of gullies running down into gum-tree flats. The sinking varies from eight to twelve feet, and the gold generally is of a coarse description. The quartz reefs are nu- merous, but are for the most part more irregular and eccentric in their courses than those of Bendigo. Several of these hare been opened, and are being worked with the most satisfactory results. From all I can gather I am inclined to believe that this district is far superior to yours in this respect. Many veins which have bean tested, and found to yield four ounces to the ton, have been abandoned for the present. One reef on Balaklava Hill, in the vicinity of Whroo, is yielding splen- didly. Messrs. Lewis and Co, who have a claim of forty yards on this vein, are employ- ing sixty men, and I am told that they aver- age about 900 ounces a week. They crush at their machine, to which they have a tramway from the claim, something like 90 tons of quartz a week. This vein averages from two to eight inches in thickness. Several other mills are in work at the same place, and it is said that the stone crushed by them seldom yields less than eight ounces to the ton. The reef has been worked to a considerable extent." DR. LEICHARDT.—We find the following in the Athenæum of May 11 :—" As an incidental illustration of the possibility of Dr. Leichardt being still alive, the following anecdote and evidence are curious:— "8, Lidlington Place, Harrington Square. "Your article 'Where is Dr. Leichardt ?'' recalls to my recollection an answer I received from the white woman, Mrs. Thompson, who had been for five years amongst the Prince of wales's Islanders of Torres Straits, and whom we brought away in H.M.S. Rattlesnake, The Prince of Wales's Islanders very much resemble the North Australians, and are in constant communication with the Gudanga at Cape York. I asked Mrs. Thompson, ' What do you think these people would do with any white man who might fall singly into their hands? Would they kill him?' 'Oh, no,' she replied : ' they would keep him as a Krawaig-uri-a curious thing,—and think, that he would bring luck to them. They would give him wives, and a place ; but they would kill him if he tried to get away Whenever ships passed near my island, (in going through Torres Straits), they would set some one to watch me, for fear I should make a smoke (as a signal), and the man who watched me had the kalac (spear) and aga (axe). ' Here was an instance in which ships frequently passed the island, and occasionally boats from them landed, and communicated with the natives,—and yet the white woman found it impossible to give the slightest intimation, of her being among them. I knew Dr. Lei- chardt,,and believe that no man was less likely to be killed by the natives; and it is not all improbable that he may still exist— the Krawaig uri of some remote tribe. "I am, &c.;, "O. W. BRIERLY." I THE CRIMEA.-The number of persons re- turned to Sebastopol is described as wonder- ful i The theatre is re opened. No hop is seem at present to be entertained that tha town will ever recover its former importance, unless the Government make it again a naval and military depot, and of this there is no inkling at present. In Eupatoria, also, tha inhabitants are beginning to return to their homes, and settle down again. The accumu- lations of sand and shingle at the various ïioits in the Blaok Sea isSfid to form a sub- ject of anxious solicitude to the marine de- partment. At Nicolaieff. now the moat ¡valuable of all the ports, this process is pro- ceeding most rapidly. Blunt OP A PRIKOESS.-The following verja was added to the National Anthem, as suug at her Majesty's Theatre, on the opening night of the season, to celebrate the auipi cious event of the day : May tho sweet babe just bom, | -. Like hor this land adorn, i Honoured where soon ! I Poaeo wolcomed in her birth, ¡ Plenty on bounteous earth, i May loy gladden every hearth, [ God save tho Quoon ! | THE APPEAL TO THE COUNTRY- The U-ifc general election went upon a false issue, and .the result has been political annihilation. -Whether no issue at all, or simply a personal I one,, will produce aHouse of Commons capable of can y ing on the business of legislation, and that higher business which belongs to Pat lia .ment as the grand inquest of the nation, re- mains to be seen. The best result would be a House largely composed of able men of busi- ness, unpledged to the old ghosts of parties, that are still apt to revive and revisit tua glim pses of the moon at these periodical satur- nalia of cant and humbug-men of high cha- racter and cultivated minds, and chosen by the constituencies for these qualities. Thara , never was a time more favourable for such men to come forward. On the other hand, theie is also a chance of violent sections of politicians taking the opportunity of a lull ia the broader currents of political opinion to l)i ing forward their small crothets, and to ia Bist on candidates uttering their shiboleth. Already there are symptoms that the Anti State Church Sooiety will adopt this plan, and force upon constituencies men whose singla .political pledge will be to do their utmost to unsettle cxisttngrelations between Church and State. Other small parties will follow tha same course. If the plan be generally success- ful, we shall have a House of Gommons con- taining within itself the elements of its own speedy dissolution-a House of Crotchets, full of eagerness for particular measures which; are utterly impracticable in the hands of private members, and quite indifferent to great sooial improvements.-Spectator. LORD PALMERSTON.-In the first place, he id Indispensable. He is, for the moment, if not the one possible Premier, at least the one pos Bible leader of the House of Gommons -among; .Liberals we mean, for we may safely ignores the remote chimera »f a Tory Ministry, Thii 3s a most grave consideration. No one else* has either waight, popularity, public confi- dence, or experience enough for that delicate and exacting position. Lord John Russell's tactics of late years have bewildered the coun- try and entirely shaken the confidence of tha party which he once led ; and, though many .might desire to seo him again in oflttce, thoaa .who would venturo to entrust him with tho lead are few indeed. Indeed his loss of pres- tige and reputation is of itself one of the per- manent embarrassment!) of public affairs. Mr. ? Gladstone, unquestionably the ablest and most formidable orator in the House, is, we fear, tha most unpopular with all sides-with all his wonderful powers he is deficient in the special qualities needed for the post; he wants tha tact, the moderation, the persuasivo sagacity, the-forbearing and conciliating temper indis- pensable in a leader; he is too fierce, comba "iivo,-and merciless. He is very formidable to tis enemies, but he has a singular faculty for making them. His tongue, whioh is hisgrancf weapon, is also his giand danger. The ability of Sir James Graham none will disputo ; bufe , few men have a smaller following, or would lo less cordially wolcomed to the highest place. Mr. Sidney Herbert-might answer; but ho haï Bcarcelj; made himself prominent enough to lo considered as a candidate for the leader- ship. Yet in these four men we havo named, ?we believe all Lord Palmerston J possible com II c ti tor;-~-Ec<r)omi»ti 