ORIGINAL PAPERS ON MINING REFORM. (FKO.M A COIinESl'ONDENT.) No. 4. Slumborers and dreamers, epicures of ease and luxury, votaries of pleasuro and enjoyment, and all thoso wlio sit down and say, "Soul, now take thy ease/' often find themselves lulled to soft ropose by the voice of the siren, and the sweets and tender delicacies of downy pleasure. In such false security they imagine themselves fortified against all the ills of the world, when they arc probably at the same time oil the brink of ruin or of some dangerous precipice, where one fnlse step is fatal; i and they are more liabie to mako the fatal step wlion they least, think of danger. Pcoplo of the world, too, who stand daily at " the receipt of custom " in tha fovorish flush of business, and the exciting maze of money-grubbing prosperity, in the majority of case* seldom think of anything else, and believe themselves seouro against all the contingencies of life so long ao they can make each day produce its profits. And even a largo propor tion of the philosophic and the learned and refintd j portion of mankind, when they find themselves gently sliding down the hill-side of life, and at | their ease tasting of all the pleasures to be mot with | on the world's broad roAd—as they approach the shadowy vale they arc often thoughtless, and as it were, reckless and oblivious of everything else, till they find themselves enveloped in the effik clouds of futurity, and about to enter the-portals of an ultramundane sphere. How far these metaphorical allusions may apply to the subject at thoJiead of this paper, and now treated of, remains to be seen. It must be appa rent to every reflecting individual who has given the subject but cursory consideration that if some thing be not done, and that very shortly, to avert tho muck and sludge nuisance arising from Ben digo puddling-mills, and to awaken the public of this district from their lethargy, and to a sense of the danger that threatens them by tho cumulated sludge of thousands of puddling- mills which en circle them on all sides, and now daily pour in upon them their tides—nay, their oceans—of caudled muck. The conscquences that must sub sequently arise from any neglect or indifference to this important question on the part of either tho public or of local ollicials, and local bodies 111 genoral, will in a little time be apparent not only to Bendigonians, but to the world at 'argo. As it is, the ungainly element has insinuated its uncleanly presence everywhere, and no man can say whero it is not. Our bridges, nearly without exception, in the suburbs and for miles round the municipality, aro all but choked up, and the various crossing places of our 'main thoroughfares aro in many instances f.iinpassable by this monster nuisance. Ourjalluvial diggings aro everywhere inundated, to the serious detriment, and in some cases rain, of tho hard-working pick and shovel men. The new sludge channel on the lJoiuligo water-shed—(a work that well nigh cost the community a small revolution ai)d the Government the sum of £7,000) —is fast filling up. The category of evils which present themselves as the preliminary precursors of a final catastrophe might be swelled up ad infinitum. Ii| point of fact, puddling-mill sludgo, from tho council chamber of the representative of Royalty, down to the pitiful claim of the humblest andj most unassuming " hatter'' who ekes out a miserablo exiatenco by tho chances of gold digging, is a nuisanco of tho most formidable and intolerable nature. l|ye aijd bye it will become a pestilence, and like tho Divine plague of tho frngg of JSgypt, muck and sludgo will bo " in all our borders,'' in our " bread troughs," and even in our- vessels and meat dishes on our veritable tables. Sandhurst and its inhabitants at some fnturo and probably not very remote period, liko another Pompeii, may have to bo digged out of tjie desolation of sludge and cumulated settings of puddle-mill muck. And Uendigouians at the receipt of custom, and in tho concert halls and theatres, and places of public resort, may yet bo found congealcd in muck (wearing the divers expression of countenance characteristic of their ruling passions, e'en strong iu death), and all this caused by tho oceans of Resent and, prospective sludgo now flowing, nnd yet to (low, from mills whose material still peoples tho wilderness. Some considerations of tlie most significant importance arise out of a practical inquiry into the present stato of puddling mills in the Bendigo district, and of the consequences likely to accruc from tho accumulations fof years of the sludge nuisance, now presenting so serious an aspect, and which must very soon out of necessity have to be dealt with in ihe most summary form. It has been long in contemplation, and recently in part carried into effect, to empower capitalists, and associated and co-operative mining societies, to puddle all our worked out gullies, and even the Seven White Hills it has been proposed to run through puddling machines, by means of steam and adequate me chanical appliances. Granting that all this is laudable and creditable to the spirit and enterprise of the district J but in the name of Heaven may it be askod, " with fear and trembling," where is all the muck and sludge that will be thus generated into ,'existence to go to? Unless something be done to solve this problem, and to obviate the in convenience and frightful consequences that must naturally arise from such vast accumulations of muck, puddlers and puddling mills will eventu ally puddle both themselves and the public as well as their own puddling mills to the death before they are aware of it, and, like certain illustrious unmen tionables, they will first stick fast and flounder, and then die and give up the ghost in their own muck. Lot any disinterested man make a perigrination of the goldfields, and observe the state of tlie various crossings, bridges, and main thoroughfares, and nearly all of the alluvial workings conve nient to our leading roads and gullies, and he will at once see the force of the foregoing conclusions. Municipal Town Councillors, mayors, aldermen too, and all tho array of civic pageantry, tag- rag and bobtail, must of course share the general fate in tho sludge deluge that now threatens to annihilate not only Bendigo but Bendigonians. When will the public open their eyes to the real state of affairs ? Or do they choose, like the fool- I ish Hibernian, to sit sawing the bough till not only bough and saw, but puddlers, puddling interests, and busy Bendigonians all fall together in one general wreck. Next in importance to the permanent supply of water question, there is no local subject that demands the attention of the community at large (local and municipal bodies inclusive) equal to the sludge nuisance. This mud-begrimed monster stretches its dall length daily along over the length and breadth of the Bendigo goldfields, eausing destruction and confusion to everything coming in its way ; and at the same time licking up tons of precious water, capable of being conserved for general mining purposes. Whatevei are the steps to be taken iu this all important question, they must bo executed promptly and soon, and with as little prejudice as possible to the creators of the nuisance—who, representing an important interest as they 1111 questionably do, should voluntarily con tribute their assistance, and, if necessary, their money, to abolish a nuisance that will eventually benefit themselves as a class more largely than any other section of the community. July 11th, 1857. 