SPORTING INTELLIGENCE'. The i announcement that a couple of matches had been made up to be run for by horses which, during the late race meetings, have attracted considerable attention, drew together a large muster of, spectators on the Emerald Hill course yesterday. Notwithstanding the cold cutting wind and frequent sharp showers, there could not have been less than fifteen hundred persons assembled to witness what proved to be the most unsatisfactory race, as regards the first of the two, it has ever been our lot to record in Victoria. There was but one feeling expressed, and that without exception, that the race was one of those discreditable shifts termed " crosses," and the fact that the judge, Mr. Watson, refused to decide otherwise than that 'Hap- hazard' was first past the winning-post," re- flects anything but credit on the parties concerned, and repetitions of which must tend to injure the reputation of the Turf in Victoria. The second match, though honestly run, afforded little or no interest, the smart little filly having it all her own way, "iBrummy" never, after the first half- mile, having the ghost of a chance." The forty-, five pounds extra weight soon told upon the old horse, and despite all Joe Smith's efforts and management could do, he was " no-' where." is" - The first race was for £300, one and a half mile, weights 9 st 7 lbs, for which the following were to start-Mr. Stephen's g g." Wood 1 pecker,'' Mr. Burke's b. h." Cooramin," Mr Clark's b. g. " Haphazard." " Cooramin" was however scratched, and "Haphazard" was the favorite at any odds." At starting, Haphazard who was in splendid "fettle," and looked " all over a winner, took the lead at oh easy pace, followed at a short distance by the grey. On coming out of the heavy ground under the hill, "Haphazard" was evidently being held hard, still however leading. Towards the run in, the grey made an attempt for the first position, that, despite all Lang could pull, "Haphazard" would not be passed, and the grey was consequently defeated by about half a neck. On pulling up, however, "Woodpeckers" jockey protested against " Haphazard's" being declared the winner, on the ground that his rider had taken the wrong side of one of the posts, but so palpable was the attempt at trickery that neither stakes nor bets are decided, and so the matter rests. The second match was for £100 a side, three miles, between Mr. Simon's of "Vain Hope years, 7 st lbs., and Mr. Hale's in. g.'"Brurnrny,"108t 7 lbs .whichwaa,as we have already stated, " a gift to the filly, well ridden by Tom Hutton, although he might as well have made it, by a little judgment, appear something like a race. 