x.TEB"dXBBN.CHzkFLaCAr- (From an' occasional '.Correspondent ' of the kk.-J .---vt: "-What right have you Swiss in ourcountry ?" ask the Arabs of the straggling Switzer colo nists who live; or die about' Setif. " The Turks fought for ithe country and took it, the English fought for it but did not taka it, and the French have fought for it and have got it, until the time which is written shall expire. But yon have never fought for it. What right have you. here?" This reproach is constantly cast by the Arab against the fever-stricken Switzer, and it is the key to the whole character of his sentiments towards the French. Your Arab is a great gentleman, according to the Semitic idea. He has a huge pride in his race and his religion, and a genuine con tempt for every other race and every other re. ligion. He surrenders the present to his im pulses, and cares nothing at all about the fu ture. His only idea of right is the right ac quired by conquest. He hates labor, both as a substantive evil and as a degradation to an Arab gentleman, and he satisfies his immediate wants with a lordlyindifference to consequences, either to himself or to others. If an Arab halts upon a journey, he turns bis mules into the the standing corn, and goes to sleep while they feed. If he is in pursuit of game, and happens to have no powder (a very common case), he and his companions surround a square piece of underwood where hares abound, and set fire to the four corners of it. He pursues the scorched quadrupeds as they try to escape and knocks them down with sticks, while the conflagration- spreads oyer the plain or the hill side, consu ming a square league of corn and a (European village. In the rich verdant springtime, when the grass is as high as the belly of his camels, he kills fat sheep and rejoices in their flesh. In the hot summer he sees his cattle grow lean upon the roots, and merely observes that " God is great." . In the winter, if snow should fall and his herds die around him, lie squats upon his heels, draws his burnouse over his head, and cries.. If he be a khammas — a laborer who cultivates for an; Arab master upon condition of receiving one-fifth of the produce — his sufficient occupation is to procure a daily meal, and his principal delight is in cheating his master and in eating the seed corn given him to sow. ;; If he be a proprietor he exults in his horse, His wives, and his arms. Every Arab is something more than a good horseman. It i3 not only when, seated in his high-peaked and richly em broidered saddle, he scours the plain, that an Arab's horsemanship appears. He can ride anything and sit anywhere. An Arab has an instinct for preserving the centre of gravity which nothing can put to fault. Perched side ways upon a few' square inches of a bale or a portmanteau on the back of a camel br a' bag gage mule, he swings his legs, moans ' his mo notonous song, and flogs with; his light switch. He has no hold whatever upon the beast, yet neither trot nor gallop nor sudden stop ever discomposes him or jolts him off. His delight, however, is to course at full speed upon a good horse, which in his hands is docile as a child and impetuous as a storm; which lives upon chopped straw, and is so hard that no journey can tire, and no change of temperature can hurt him ; but which in European hands becomes, after ill-usage and high feeding, a restive ill- conditioned brute, that would be sold at Tat- tersall's for £10. Frenchmen are not disposed to allow many virtues to the Arab, but they all admit that he has one great quality which they envy him — he is Ion cavalier. An Arab who has no wives is like an Englishman who has no baker, or cook, or tailor, _or upholsterer. They are to an Arab gentleman what his slaves, were to a patrician Roman. They grind the corn, prepare the couscoussou, make the honey cakes, workthe liaiks. and burnouses, and spin - that tissue of wool and fibres of . the dwarf palm whereof the tents are made. '. .1 The courtsiiip is somewhat of this character : — The candidate for matrimony makes his in quiries for a woman who has the particular talent wherein his household is wanting, and, having obtained the desired information, pre sents himself at thetent of the father. After a long conversation upon indifferent matters, the lover remarks, " Sidi, I am inclined to marry your daughter." "With all my heart. How much will you give for her ? " " I don't think, from all I hear, that she is worth more than five-aod-twenty douros (£5)." "Sidi; Ab-Alla! 25 douros! You must be joking with me.. I refused 50 only yesterday." - " I- wonder very much at that, for I have beendi-' vorced twice, and they say she has only one eye." "Well, what if that should be so'?' 'Did not your informants' tell you that there is_ not a woman in the tribe who is her. equal in making the quobela haiks ?." . " That is true, or you wouldnothaveseen me here." " Twenty- five, douros, Sidi Abd-el-Kader'l". (Not the warrior, be it observed, but a certain prophet of Bagdad.) "Twenty-five douros- for a wo man who cooks and works like Fathma !" " It may be little, but I cannot afford any more for. her, and I can have Ayesha for half the mo ney." " Well, well, give me the 25 douros down, and you shall give me an obligation be fore the kadi for 30 more. (Apart.) With this obligation I'll hold you in hand, my man, and sooner or later make yon pay." 7 " God be' praised! Between men like us such small matters are soon settled. The bargain is made. (Aside.) You old Jewj if ever you 7see the shadow of those 30 douros call me a Christian." " When shall the marriage take place ?'' . " To-; morrow. My three wives have prepared 'everything for;the_fcast,Jand.Lhav.ejgunpow.der. enough'for the fantasia." "Agreed." "Agreed — go in peace." " Rest in prosperity." On the morrow Fathma is conducted to her happy home, with shouts and frequent discharges of fire- arms. There she cooks, and spins, and fetches water from the distant well, fights with her sister wives, and when her lord and master is disturbed in his sublime contemplation's by the distant sound of strife, receives her Bhare of the heavy thrashing which he distributes all around. It is not surprising that Fathma plays Iter husband false when she has an opportunity, or that her lord. has no great faitli in her affec tion. A French lady told me that she -once asked a wealthy Arab, who dwells in a house, and much affects French society, whether he was not. afraid to leave bis wives so entirely to themselves, while he passed all his evenings abroad. The confiding husband's' only reply was to put his hand . in his girdle and produce a very large key, which he placed upon the table with a smile. The Arab's contact with the French has taught him;no more than this — utterly to despise the Christian system of domestic arrangements, and more deliberately to believe in the superiority of his own. It must be admitted that the specimens of Euro pean domesticities which ho sees in Algeria are not favorable. He does not think one whit better of a Frenchwoman than he does of one of his own Arab wives. If the Arab has not yielded any of hie old . -notions of domesticity, and if he. bas caught no spark of the chivalry of the west, neither has he forgotten a single tradition or lost his taste for arms. Give an Arab a pound of English powder, and he will thank you more than if you gave him a mountain of sugar ; and he likes sugar. Show him a fine weapon, and his eye kindles ; he snatches it out of your hand, turns it about, gloats over, runs up and down with it, and returns it with a reluctance that he does not dissemble. If I wanted to give myself great importance in a douar I pro duced ray revolver and fired six shots into a bank or a hovel at a hundred yards' distance. As each shot made the dust fly a shout arose from the whole assembled tribe. They fought and crushed about me to see me re-load, and at last a cry would be raised just as our " hats off!" and the whole population squatted on the ground that all might see. The French cannot understand how the tribes manage to possess themselves of English powder. The government is of course anxious that the sup ply should be scanty and the quality not too good. It is supposed that it gets into the country by the way of Tunis. The desire of the Arab for it is beyond his desire for anything else. A Ghost Story. — A certain queen lay dead on her bed of state, in a room hung with black. At night the room was lighted with wax tapers, and a captain, with nine-and-forty men, was stationed on guard in an ante-chamber. To wards midnight the captain, hearing a coach and.six.draw_up_to the castle. _.wenfc_ down_to_ meet it, when he was met by a lady of noble appearance, clad in mourning, who asked his permission to remain a short time by the dead body. He objected that it was not in his power to grant her request, but she called herself by a familiar name, and argued that, as the late queen's gouvernante, she had a right to see her before she was buried. He wavered for some time, but she became so urgent that he could excuse himself no longer. He therefore led her into the room, and having closed the door upon her walked up and down outside. After a while he stopped, listened, and peeped through the key hole, when, lo ! he beheld the dead queen sitting upright and whispering to the lady, with her eyes closed, and without any sign of life beyond a slight movement of the lips. He ordered the soldiers to peep one after the other, and all of them saw the same thing. When he himself returned to the key hole the dead queen was slowly resuming her former position on the state bed. Soon afterwards the lady came out of the room, and was con ducted down stairs by the captain, who felt, while he led her down to the carriage, that her hand was.as cold as ice. The coach went off as fast as it had come,, and the captain per ceived that the horses breathed fire in the dis tance. On the. following morning news ar rived that the gouvernante, who lived at a country house several mileB off, had died at the vp.rv hnur at which she had sat. hv the dead body. — Bassler's Legends. Popular Characters.— A popular character resembles very much the man or woman who dances on a tight rope. The more the spec tators applaud, the more energetic must be the dancer : and often when everything is going on briskly, and portending a shower of coppers, down plumps the unfortunate acrobat, and is greeted with more jeers than halfpence. All- history illustrates the slippery footing on which man moves. Look no further back than the last fifty years, and no farther round than our own country, and you will find that every idol .of the_.people.. has fallen frpm.its pedestal and been smashed in pieces like the Dagon of the, Philistines. - Henry Hunt and William Cobbett died neglected, after a myriad of throats had become hoarse with cheering their tomfooleries. Fergus O'Connor, poor fellow, sunk into a nonentity, and his schemes perished at Snigs- end. - And if you are anxious to point a moral, contemplate the career of Daniel O'Connell to its close. Probably Dan was a more popular character, and retained his popularity longer than any recorded in history, ancient or mo dern. But the day of gloom and misfortune came at last. The Nemesis he had long driven off seized him. at length with a firm gripe. After spending a long life in exciting and guiding the passions of a nation that idolised him, he was outstripped by younger and more ardent spirits, and he sank into the grave a heartbroken and neglected. old man. Andnow how little is remembered of that full, deep- toned diapason voice, which awoke tears or laughter at the speaker's will ? Is not his mo nument unfinished, on the very scene where his ; "triumphal car once rolled royally along ? Poor Dan! his career illustrates the fickleness of popular favour more strikingly than all the biographies- put together by our early friend, Cornelius Nepos. Brummell, the most popular of exquisites, died in an almshouse. Barnum, the most popular of showmen, has collapsed. The Rev. George Gilfillan, the celebrated writer, has been pierced with the arrows of detraction. How long will it be before the Rev. Mr. Spurgeon is superseded as premier preacher of Englaud ? Well, it is of no avail to moralize : men pick pockets in sight of the gallows, and men will hazard their lives for celebrity, while the smashed, battered, ship - wrecked hulls of many a tall vessel, that oace was blown onwards by the popular breeze, aijg rolling water- logged before them down the stream of Life. — Fraser's Magazine. Font keep the Bow always Bent. — I have been employed these last three, hours with John JSlliott -aiid.three .other.hnyiii'm-lrying-bow long we could keep up two cricket balls. Lord Minto caught us. He says he must send me on a mission to some very young monarch, for that 1 never shall have the gravity of an am bassador for a prince turned of twelve. He, however, added the well- known and admirable story of Henry IV., of France, who, when caught on all fours carrying one of his children by the Spanish Envoy, looked up and said, " Is your Excellency married?" " I am, and have a family," was the reply; "Well, then," said the monarch, " I am satisfied, and shall take another turn round the room," and off he gallopped, with his little son flogging and scourging him, on his back. I have sometimes thought of breaking myself of what are termed boyish habits ; but reflection has satisfied me that it would-be foolish, and that I should es teem it .a blessing that I can find amusement in everything — from tossing a cricket ball, to negociating a treaty with the Emperor of China". Men who give themselves entirely to business and despise (which is-their own term) trifles, are very able in their conceptions of the great outlines of a plan, but they feel a want of that knowledge which is only to be gained by mixing with all classes in the world, when they come to those lesser points upon which itB successful execution may depend. Of this I am certain ; besides, all habits which give a man light and elastic spirits are good.— Sir John Malcom, 