Miscellaneous. THE EUPHRATES LINE. Oh where will the century pause in its daring? What region's past reach of the screw and the sail? What sea is too wide for our wires overbearing? What mountains too high for our levelling rail? From the banks of Newfoundland we pay out the cable That's to bind North America fast to our shore, And, thanks to O'Shaughnessy, India is able To change thoughts in an hour from Madras to Lahore. And now the steam-giant, our New World forsaking. Having- bound Europe's ends, north and south, east and west — His terrible track through the Old World is making, Where the grey past's dead ashes she holds in her breast By Nimroud's huge mound soon the ring of steam whistles Will startle the stork on his desolate stand. And the throb of the engine will shake the dry thistles That wave their grey beards ou Kouyunjik's parch'd strand. By the arrow-head rows of the records of Babel, The arrow-head flight of expresses will fly, And Rawlinson, Layard, and Loftus be able To drop in to decipher or dig, by-the-bye; Instead of the trucks with their freight of horn'd cattle To Smithfield consign'd along each British rail, Weekly cargoes of huge winged bulls down will rattle For the British Museum, from Bus 'rah to sail. No secrets the hoar East shall keep in her bosom ; Uer riddle we'll soon have got out of the Sphinx, What chance will she have, poor old soul, but to lose 'em. When confronted by Birch, Botta,Norris,orHincks? Old Cbeops will stare from the top of his pyramis. To see navvies cutting his mummy-pits through, While from Nineveh's ruins the ghost of Semiramis On a new red-brick station looks awfuify blue! But vain all our speeding on main or through moun tain, Our bridging the ocean, our binding the land, Our drinking the gold's inexhaustible fountain, That springs to Australia to each delving band. Vain, vain, all our moiling and driving and toiling. Our working and winning, gold nuggets, gold sands, Unless reverence and love join to wipe off the soiling Of toil from our hearts, and of gain from our hands. ' The Gray Mare is the Better Horse.' — We know that the line is in Prior's Epilogue to Lucius; but the story from which the phrase is de rived is something like this : — a gentleman, who had seen the world, one day gave his eldest son a pair of horses, a chariot, and a basket of eggs. ' Do you,' said he to the boy, 'travel upon the high road until you come to the first house in which there is a married couple. If you find that the husband is the master there, give him ono of the horses. If, on the contrary, the wife is ruler, give her an egg. Return at once if you part with a horse, but do not come back so long as you keep both horses, and there is an egg remaining.' Away went the boy full of his mission, and just beyond the borders of his father's estate, lo! a modest cottage. He alighted from his chariot, and knocked at the door. The good wife opened it for him and curtsied. 'Is your husband at home?' — 'No,' but she would call him from the hay fields. In he came, wiping his brows: the young man told them his errand. 'Why,' said the wife, bridling and rolling the corner of her apron, ' I always do as John wants me to do; he is my master — arn't you, John?' To which John replied, 'yes.' — 'then,' said the boy, 'I am to give you a horse; which will you take?' — 'I think,' said John, ' as how that bay gelding seems to be the one as would suit me the best.' — ' If we have a choice husband,' said the wife, 'I think the gray mare will suit us best.' — 'No,' replied John, ' the bay for me; he is more square in front, and his legs are better.'— 'Now,' said the wife, 'I don't think so; the gray mare is the better horse; and I shall never be contented unless I get that one,' — 'Well' said John, 'if your mind is sot on it, I'll give up; we'll take the gray mare.' — 'Thank you,' said the boy ; 'allow me to give you an egg from this basket; it is a nice fresh one, and yon can boil it hard or soft, as your wife will allow.' The rest of the story you may 'imagine; the young man came home with both horses; but not an egg remained in the basket. Trick at a French Fair. — A clever trick was played off a few days ago at the fair of Breaute (Seine Interieure). A well dressed gentleman, sautering about with a valuable gold-headed cane in his hand, was stopped by a wretched-looking man, who dragged himself painfully along on crutches, and piteously implored charity. The gentleman, moved to compassion, generously gave the beggar a piece of silver. 'How can you be so foolish,' cried a man standing by; "that fellow is an impostor, and no more lame than you are. Just lend me your cane for a minute, and by means of a sound thrashing I will convince you of the truth of what I say." The gentleman mechanically let the man take the cane, and the beggar, throwing down his crutches, ran off as fast as he could. The other amidst roars of laughter from the bystanders ran after him, menac- ing him with the cane; and so they ran a considera- ble distance, when they turned aside into the town, and were seen no more. The gentleman waited for some time, expecting to see the man return with his cane, but the expectation was in vain; it was then clear that the whole scene had been an affair con certed between a pair of adroit rogues. The gen- tleman had nothing for it but to walk home, feeling very foolish at having allowed himself to be so victimised. The Sun. — Sir David Brewster makes the follow ing remarks relative to the sun:— 'So strong has been the belief that the sun cannot be a habitable world, that a scientific gentleman was pronounced by his medical attendant insane, because he had sent a paper to the Royal Society, in which he maintained that the light ot the sun proceeded from a dense and universal aura, which may afford ample light to the inhabitants beneath, and yet be at such a distance aloft as not to be among them; that there may be water and dry land there, hills and dales, rain and fair weather, and that as the light and the seasons must be eternal, the sun may easily be conceived to be by far the most blissful habitation of the whole system. In less than ten years after this apparently extravagant notion was considered as a proof of in sanity, it was maintained by Sir William Herscliel as a rational and probable opinion, which might be deducible from his own observations on the structure of the sun.' Daguerreotype visiting Cards. — The Paris correspondent of the Journal of Commerce states that a new style of visiting cards has been produced there which has created a great sensation, and will, it is said, become the fashion with those who like extraor- dinary novelties. Instead of the name printed on the card, the small piece of pasteboard has a photogra- phic likeness of the visitor; the face appears under different aspects according to the circumstances which the visit is made, for instance, on ordinary occasions, your likeness will bear the habitual ex- pression of your countenance; on New Year's day, your face will be joyous and smiles your felicitations, If your visit be one of condolence, your portrait will be melancholy and sorrowful. To take leave, instead of the symbolical letters P.P.C., the visitor be represented on his card coifed with the travelling cap, and framed in the window of a railroad car. The art of photography has been so much simplified, that the cost of these portrait cards is but small. One hundred may be had for twenty five francs, or five dollars, and are handsomely executed and em- belished. 