AN EXPERIENCE OlSTRIA. (From Household II - tOS the 10th of December, IR entered the Austrian capital, and took nflJbode at a ,certain hotel. I hrid no part~pusincss in Vienia.'; My object wias taOse myself; and, at my leisure, see the n orks of art of whichl the imiperial ciltybnst., My name, reader, is Jenkins-ed Jenkins. My passport, according to thtlationi was deposited with the police, amna presented in lieun thereof with a pass en7ission to remain one month ; this pas i'eenewable, .provided the authorities had bjctiotn. Ont the third day after mn'wl, I called to tihe kellner to bring m?llogd(the Times of Vienna). ' The Ikellner. approached 'nbbed his :hands, shook his head, and s "The Lloyd," I repeated. , ' "It is suspended, sir," saidlellner. "How."' . ... " Not allowed to come out, " Why ?" " For abusing the Empero?,.ssia." " Forhoiw long is it suspen?' "Cannot say, sir. It maysvono month, "or for ever- the minister.tf o will 'settlc uthat !" ' *TA.d . to Here I was guilty of. a sliiliscretio. I remarked to an English otarith whom I had established an aequaie, and whd was seated at the same table le,-'. " Onlyjfaincy if the Times, bily' Ne?s, 'or the Post, was suddenuly.c from us l .Imagine Sir. Richard Mayne g down to 'Printing House Square, and p a padlock Ion the premises!. , . "Be .careful," said my Onnion,' in a lwhisper. "Do you see thlle' man at yonder table ?" '' "Yes. Who is he?" "He is a spy. No one kl ovhether he :is a German, an Italian, helnislnmia, a Frenchman, or a Spaniard, fo? speaks-all languages wilth equal ficeilit elegatncc. Not tlnat he ever bpens Iisgtli in' this room except to eat. He givelhself np to rlistening and, by long prathniis ears are peculiar cite. I took the, and dis coursed on tihe iveather and r equally harmless topics. - . - At five o'clock I seated mys one of the smhll tables, and ordered diif My com panion had left Vienna for Trisand I was now alone: but, not' far froal I' espied the little man to whom my attei had been called in the morniig. : Now, if there 'be o clnthig t world that I detest tnore than anotheis hasvinng no one to talk to 'after dinner. sip wine in silence is to me ifisupportablf I called out in avery-great voice.: " Kellner !" ' Tie Ikllner, an intelligent, .emannered -indeed,: a gentlemanlike p?-came ; and I made several inquiries ting the public amusements for the cvenifndd con eluded by saying: ; .. ...... . "Bring me thie Times, please." "The Times has 'not como to sir--it :has been stopped." . " Thi Times stopped'! How? "At the frontier, sir." . ... S"Why:?" .. .. . "It has got something bad in inuppose, "si .Oh I Well, bring me the 'D ws." '. "That paper is forbiddenin Vii? "Why ?" . | .: S"It'ab~ises the.Austrian Goverrat." . *" Indeed IThien'serve it right t&clude; it ffrom the Austrian dominions." Heiglanced uat the littleoman,'.who was nowltking a ciear , " .. . . . " i .-.. 0 ho kellner.then yolunteered tbilowing piece of information . , " When an Englishn paper saynything bad, there comes a telegraphic mc'e from SLondon, and when that paper co:to the frontier it is seized and burnt." "Does this often haplpeIn?" . "Sometimes, sir," was the reply " That evening .I received a lctfrom a * friend in Brussels, who required minnswer several questions by electric telapl. I proceeded to the odice, .ind wasrinisled swith a paper, which I filled up th~iNum her One: Frazer's. Magaczine, nonousand . eight hundred and'fifty-two.--NUti Two: One thousand eight hundred and f-eight. -Number Three: Let it' stand asitten. Number Four: Send no money tilUu hear f'trom me. , ' Having paid some two pounds tilings across a counter, for these mIessag~ld hav ing been furnished with ni recei,turncd to my hotel, and subsequently to the epera. At about nine o'clock ollow ing morning, whilst dressing, I heAl knock . at my door, and called out: . " Come in l" * A person in asemi-military unilo entiire 'my apartment, and, looking at a l1r in his hand;-pronounced somethnlg likny name. I bowed; Iwvas immnediately p dtoed with an. invitation to attend a certatlice-an * office connected with the police dirtment t the hour of two, p. " What on earth ave I'done? began to *ask myself;i and forthwith sh.onsd my •*.ommissionet, swho pulled hib m ache, nd . ietly suggested: " " o "Perhaps it is Pothing ;' ad", by.way ndsf consoling me,."English gemeln who icome to slta hero .are niostly it for, and asked-their liasiness." j At the hou of two precisely, R'as at the ilaco appointcd, condiucted. thter sby the commissioner io, having otheiusiniss to attend to,left in a long andloomny pas asge, which-I iied' for about ite-quarters aofn Ihour.h Weather was ttorly cold, hnd I 'rbze wtrton li indinidual who had serve me.with :the nnons came ot nt ao dor l-beckoned mio aptproch him. I ooye dthe moveoncnnif his linger, and as sh into a room evre sat an offi cial at a desk, riling. I mnda bow on en tering, the roo but of this niesort of notice was-taken. I was riot ked to take a ,rohair, and as ver could std still for any gret length oime, after a f minutes I be un to wl u d dlown tl room slowly, !v9isowv anid almost noiselessly. This appeared to an noy thei official, who still kepit on writing; ie frowned awfully, and once or te\ice uttered something like Dbnn'erwetter'l I know ex actly- how long I was kept waiting in the otli cia's roous, because I consulted may watch several times. I was tliere oighltee minutes before my attention wis bcalled to the business on hsud. "Yoar name is Jenkins?" at length'greetcd my ears. "Ycs," I replied. 'L"WeVll! --hlnt do you comine hbre for? To Vienna, I imean." " To see the city, and what it contains." "Bali!" This r.atbser startled me. A loig puse ensued. "' This is your passport?" resumed tile offi cial, holdisg up the document belfore me. "Yes'S.1' " , 'l W elre is your servaint mentiosed in this passport? lIe is not at the hotel." "No, lie is not. I was ilformned at thei frontier ait Badenbaghl that, as Iis naismne was notwsritten ill the passport, lie could not uenter Austria. I hrid, therefore, to seund lim backi to Iis onn couutry; "leliuim, att great incon venience and some peceUinary loss." "\Vhy do yaou correspond in cipher?" "I do not, that I am aware of.l" "What! Thin you tell me what is fialse" (lingen). I felt indignant on l hearing this; but I con trived to stille my wrath, and remarkled calmly, L"What I have asserted is the truth. I do not correspond in cipher." "But I have thle proof." "' Then produce it." ,My telegraphic despatch of tile previolus evenilg was exshibiteld. "There!" exelsimed tle official trilumph-l antly. "Tihrel Yes! Forty-eight! Forty eight! I see! So willyou seal What bhsi ness has an Englishinn wsithl Forty-eight?" I began to inlform the official tliat the were replies to certain questions forwarded to mu aliterary frienllqBrussels. I told him t the first questionaconcerncd the date ill which a certain' article had ippcared in an English periodical-an':article to which my friendl desired to make immediate reference; that the second qutestion referred to the year in which a new edition of a certain wsork had been published; thalnt thei third question was ai sentence that my friend wished to ailter in a work of miine, tile proof sheets of which he was then correcting; and the fourthl question was simply this-ShouldhIa, my friendl, remit me frosm Brussels or from London (to which last-mentioned plac lie e was about to proceed) a susm of money I had left in hIis Ihands. I felt thit I might have spared' myself tile trouble of makling this explanation; for the ofllicial did not listen to oie word of it.' lie had made ull sis snind that I hld comed to Vi enna as the aghnt of all thei exiles in Englund, and that I was, thlerefore, adangerous eharac ter in the Austrian caipital. . . "You are then a literary man?" "IYes." . "I thought so. Well, I must see your papers." "I trust that I may be spared the indignity of having my-papers searched." lndifnit- ,Yhat indignity? Many cor respondents of English journals hIave had their papers searched in Vienna. Where do you prefer the search to take place? At tie hotel-or here?. "In y own Ispartments," I replied. "Vefy well. I will send a person witli you. You will meet there aniother person, whlo will examine your papers, and.make the report to me." I was then giren to understand that I was not in custody, though an agent of the police would "wnit upon" nme, pending further inquiries., 'ile agent of the police who accompanied me to tile hotel was more civil than his sape rior; though he, too, must have been satisfied that my intentions towards thie Aiustrilan Government were fer from honourable; for he gIave me distinctly to understand that, if it 'had not been for the alliance between Austria sid Englasid by virtue of-the treaty of the second of December, theocourtesy (!) which hlad'ben shown to mse would have bern wlth hold. On hrriving at tile door iof my apartment, I fouild it open, and two soldiers seated on my sofa. They were in possession of my bag gage. I produced my keys, and handed them to tlb officer Who nccolpanied me. Ie first opened my desk. 'The inspectioni of the papers it contained would Ihave afobrdled me considerable uamnuseaent inder any other eir cumstances; but, as it was, I felt not 'a little angry-. - Tnie first letter that he looked at 'and ex asmincd was i letter froim a.late Indian Brigadior-General, the last epistle iso ever penoed. It was dated .nRamugger, and was posted just before the fatal charge in which he fell. (rer tihe superseriptioix of this,letter weore several words in P'ersian character, sit sifying that "the postage had not been.paid in camp, andwas paynkblondelivery." There were also.ou the superscripltion a feia words ih Bengallee, 'written by the Baboo in tshe Meersit post-office. These words signified my name and address, and were intcnded as a guside to the native'pdstmann, who dould not rend Englisli. This letter'was piit' sisida'. The next documient into which' the oflicer peered was a letter from my mother, and related on tirely to fiunily aftihirs. I nosw becase ac quainted with the fact, that the officer was able to read our language; for, dfter lie had gottlirough thle' firstpage, he riemdrked,' "this is'nothing," and liandedme tthd letter. A Grand' Ledge. manuscript certificate now' canuglt his eyei aihd he opened ift. Ie was not a freemason, and had never seen a pice of paichmesit of the like character. He asked me what'it was; I told him: Ndverthelcss, Ile' put it aside withi the Brigisdier's letter. The' fodirth 'dociincnt that' caime to 'his hand wsas ' l itter frost a German genstlenan, hIloll an oliced ini the Pritssian Emoassy in London. In'that letter he hsd facetioiusly" alluded'to my intended visit to Vienna, and recomituondcd mto to take care they did not lock sei sip. No sooner did I see the: officer tkl' thaut epistle in his biand, than I felt it was all over with ile, and I dare say Iturned pale. Albeit; I' laughled heartily, for the whiole affair struck ame us something comical.' Miy laughlter, how ever, was soon changed to gravity, :when. I beheld the officer liut back the papers into my desk, lock it, and hand it to one of the sol 'diers, and requestme oto "come along." It' was now nearly five o'clockt, and I sug gested that I shoulfd like to dine. This favor, isowsevr,' eas: a't iuccoidsd.' :l'y lvity situ disgasted tie' authority charged with the inspection of my papers. IHe was now cii vineed that I was not only an intriguer, but a reckless intrignier. I had not clled on' the English Ambassa dor, becauseI his 'Lordship was seriously ill wvhdn I arrised in'Vienna; and his son was absent lii England' To no othler'members of tihe. Corps Diplomnatique' was I personally' kiown. Imado up imy inisid not- to trouble any of thcse:gentlemen; and resolved to un' dergo imprisonment patiently Until the return ( bhich was daily expected) of the Ambassa dor's son, or his Lordship's' restoration to health. I had reid, 'of course, ' is' the English papers of the treatment etperienced in eight. ceas hundred and fifty-two by the correspond entof amorningjournal; Iwas quite prepared to suffer an infinity of hardslips, such as herding with felons, sleeping on stones, and Ihaving my rest disturbed with the shrieks of' prisoners undergoing 'the punishunent of Spiessruthen-laufen. rerhaps a description of this punishment may interest, as well as disgust, the general eandor. An aveniue of soldiers' is fornned. BEanch soldier holds in his hand a sortof knout \--peculiar to Atstria, I believe. The knouot is formed of three leather straps, attached to a wooden handle. At the end of each strap is a bullet pierced with two spikes, crossways. The prisoner passes through the avemue, and each soldier gives himnt a blow. Tle length of the aveiue, and the number of times tl:e pri sotner has to pass through it, is detormined by -the character of the olffince which has been commnittcd. Sometimens, ideath speedlily tbllowu the inlietiaIn of the Spuissrttluer-hiiitftci. Sontc yecars ago soeural Atistrian, soldiers in thi -garrison at Mla ycne gave up thei ghost durillg 'tis dittabolial oprottion. . . In justice to tlie. Austrian autthorities, -I amn bound 'to admit, that I had, in prison; a'n uaparttment to myself; an apartment in which ithere was a hed-a liard one to be sure, but a .comparatively clean bed. I. was also ,er tmitted to have, at my own cost,whatecver fiotd :I thought Iproter uC - order, antd a bhititl of toc -ltitener from thie Iotel. Nor was I stb jeeted to tihe slightest inconvenietne inlrecspcct to tuy toilet. This kindness that' was shown ;to me mnst have boeit the consequence of tile recent "alliatice;" for even mty attendant or keelper more' tliau once lludled to tihe treaty of the second of December. . . I had left may card with the commissionetr of ,tle hlotel, and had rciitested him to present it to the soni of the JEnnglish Ambassador on Ilis yeturn from England; and inform himn of tihe place where I should always bo found " at omo," whenever lie might call upon me. lMeanwhile I reconciled myself to my tempo rary loss of libeity, thanking my stars ttt 1. had withstood the itmportunity of my sister, who wislhed to accompany mo to Vienna. Wihattwould havo been liher feeligs on seeing me ttaken away from the hotel, it would Ihe difficult to describe; Conscious tlhat I lhad been gtilty of no offence, and that I had nothing to fear, and perfectly satisfied that I should soon be set free, I passed my second day in prison in excellent spirits. To toll the real truth,, I regarded my wrongs a mere adventure; of which thl ronilliisceltou in after life would bhat at ll events, amusing. On tihe third morning of Imy incarceration, I asked my nttendtnt, in at light-hearted tone, how long heo was liltely to liave tieo caro of me? This man, who (I have tite vanity to believe) had grown to like me, replied, conli denotially, that it would ie ditiieult to say; ibut, that he know my passport liad been for warded to tie Austriani Minister at Brussels (it wasu at Brussels that 1 lhad obtained nmy passport), witl a request that inquiry should bo: made respecting mo and the person to whomn my telegrapttu message was addressed. HIe further ilformed me that several of my letters and papers lad been set to Brnssels, for the purpose of aiding the Austrian officials in finding out who I miglit be, and what my object in coming to Vienna. It was eloven o'clock. I had finished amy breakfast,- had lighted a cigar, and thrown myself 'upon my bed, to smoko and think, when suddenly tle door of my roim (itwoiuld be incorrect to describe it as ia cell) was opened; aind in walied tieo ollicial whom I had seen at tihe bureau, and who lhad behaved soi rudely to me. - As soon as I recognised him, and obseived his countenarice, I was satisfiied he had discovered his mistake; rising from my bed, I made him a very low bo', and requested him, in the politest manner imnaginable, to be seated. (By the way, there was only one chair in my room.) He was a good deal em barrassed. I could see that he felt the con trasthbetioen my conduct towards hini, -and Ihis towards me, in point of receiving one anoth'er. It would have gratified hilm-at leasnty expeiience of lihumuin nature teiolhes me to think so-ihad I been guilty of any ve hement demonstration. Rtudeness, at thlat mbmomet, would Ihave delighted hliin, while ci vility galled hini to thoe quick, and made him anshamed of hinself: and before he lhad time to pour forth the excuses and apologies with which le wais literally pregnant, I began to oxpatia.te on tlhe excucllnco of thie prison arrangements in Austria, and thliankd him for tho consideration I had received during 'my :ntay in my apartment. ' "Herr Jetlins," my visitor said," "I have made a grand mistake.t Ihave been biungling." Here I conceived I miglt indulgi in a littli silent satire-and simply bowed assent, smil ing blandly the while. . ''here was my snuiff-box on the table. lMy visitor took it tup, and reqitested my pormis sion to t.kte a pinch. "My animosity, whatever amount thereof luirked within iny broast, wasI antedily dilssipated. All ! It is not in words that thtes foreign diplomatists overreach us. It is by the delicacy, tho'tact, and the pretti noss of their inantirs,iwhen they thinlt proper to disolay them, tlhat they achieve with Eng lislnnen such immense ends. " You will forgive my stapidity ? It is pro verbial tlat the Englisi are as generous as they are bruave." "Yes, I will forgive you," I replied. "But on one condition." "Which is ?" . " That you never visit England." " Why that condition ?" "I sill aeiiso you to be received by tlo English draymen, and you may Ihavot heard' ihow reckless a race they are. . I said this jocularly. Ilo lifted his' hands' aloft and laiughei loudly. General Haynan was' evidently no fasvourite of his; or else (which was most pro bable) he indulged in merriment to conceal his real sentiments. It is needless to enter into the particulars which led to my restoration to freedoin. Since my "Ihard case," there lhas been a asoe oven harder still. .The clergyman at aaehed to the British Embassy was appro hended and imprisoned. The. " suspiCton? circutmstances" tlhat led to his incarceration were, that iohe had upon his person "an extra ordinary coin" (British sovereign) ; could not : makeo hlmself understood ; and iad wandcred nomo milei froni Vienna wilthobt a'passpirtl Let us hope tliat the clerkynian's case will be the last; anti that the llioui of IIapslurg will cenas to feda' thitt a solitary Englishman may upset thdetthrote. 