J. S T and Q rp ENGLISH NEWS: BY the arrival of the " Sir W. F. Williams we have intelligence from England to the 27th May. We, subjoin extracts from the Liverpool Mercury and the Northern Times of that date : In the House of Lords, on Monday evening, Lord Wicklow called attention to the difficulty a conscientious magistrate had to sustain in taking the oath of allegiance in its present shape; and Lord Lyndhurst made a speech against actions which are instituted to obtain damages for a wife's infidelity. On the question that the House should go into committee on the Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Bill, the Duke of Norfolk moved, as an amendment, that the BUT should be referred to a Select Committee, for the purpose of taking evidence as to whether a warrant for permitting divorced persons to marry again could be found in Holy Scriptures. After a discussion, the amendment was negatived by 23 to 26. The House then went into committee. Lord St. Leonards proposed a clause protecting the property and earnings of a married: woman from her husband or his creditor after a year's desertion. It was carried by 52 to 44\. The discussion of the other clauses occupied their lordships till a late hour, and the House adjourned till Thursday. In the House of Commons, on Monday evening, on the question that the report on the annuity to the Princes Royal be erected Ved, Mr. Coningham moved as an amendment that the annuity be reduced to £6000 assigning as reasons that s £800 was too large, and that to adopt it would be to es- tablish a bad precedent. Lord Palmerston expressed his regret at the attempt by Mr. Coningham to disturb the unanimity of the House. On a division, the report was received by 328 to 14, and leave was given to bring in a bill. The report on the marriage portion of £40,000 was opposed by Mr. Maguire, Mr. Coningham, and Sir John Trelawney. The grant was confirmed by 361 to 18. On the question that the House go into committee on the Army Estimates, Mr. Williams moved, as an amendment, that the estimates be referred to a select committee. If this were granted, and the committee fairly chosen, t was satisfied that a great reduction would be recommended. After some discussion the House went into committee, when Lord Palmerston, as the Under- Secretary for the War Department was new in the. office, introduced the war estimates. The total amount required for the effective service of the army was £9,025,360; for the non-effective, £2,331,857, the increase above the estimates of 1853 54 being £1, 611 000. The increase of expense arose from the augmentation of the artillery, creation of a field train, and the forma * tion of a hospital staff. Several votes were agreed to after much discussion, and the House adjourned until Thursday. A Yielding to the force of public opinion, the House of Lords have at length resolved *?' to publish official lists of their divisions. Hitherto the lists have been obtained from the rival tellers, and in some instances they have been found incomplete and incorrect. "Such is the end (says the Time of the great battle of mystery which has been "I waged with ever-abating spirit and vigour since the days of Restoration. Reports, minutes, divisions in the two Houses of Parliament are all now to be Laid, as of right from day to day, before the people of England.'' The continental papers give currency to several rumours respecting the proposed movements of the Royal Family of England. A letter from Berlin, in the Debats, says-" It' is expected that Queen Victoria will come to this capital towards the end of the summer. It is said that Her Majesty has promised the Prince of Prussia to visit him at Coblentz, and it is thought that on that occasion she will continue her journey to Berlin." The Bonner Zeitung states that the Prince of Wales will spend the months of July and August at Kings winter, and that the Hotel de Europe has been taken for him and his suite which, together with the servants, numbers 27 persons. The rent to be paid for these two months is said to be 12,000 thalers (£1800). The same journal informs us that "the, Princess Royal will also pass a month or two on the Rhine, and that the spot chosen as Her Royal Highness's temporary residence is Remagen, a little way further up the Rhine, above Bonn." Her Majesty was at Osborne in the enjoyment of excellent health. t The cotton spinners and manufacturers of Preston and the neighbourhood held a meeting on Monday last, to consider the propriety of running short time under the present depressed state of trade. It was agreed by the gentlemen present to restrict the working of their respective establishments to forty hours per week for the four weeks following the 1st June, provided the representatives of two thirds of the horse-power in the town and neighbourhood employed in spinning or, using 40's and under concur in the resolution. 6 3 The food question is still agitating the people of Ireland. Last week a public meeting washed in the theatre at Limerick, and attended by about 1000 of the working * classes, at which resolutions were passed calling upon the authorities to in- interpose in preventing the wholesale exportation of potatoes from the city We learn by a despatch from Paris that the Neufchatel Conference re-assembled on Monday, at the house of the Minister of Foreign Affairs. The ratification of the treaty, for settling the dispute in not considered so urgent as to require the convocation of the Federal Assembly of Switzerland before the regular day of meeting. JoJ^the(6tb. A The Journal des Debats announces that the ratification of the treaty of peace be tween Great Britain and Persia has arrived at. Constantinople, and, contrary to the as -«»--npof,the Nord, of Brussels, it contains no mention. yet * ' "? V 2 The Pope arrived at Loretto on the 14th. and was received by the bishops and archbishops of the) neighbouring tees. The j Austrian Marshall Defienfleld arrived somewhat later to compliment him. On the following day the Pope received the visits of the Neapolitan Intendant of Terang, and the Austrian, French, and Neapolitan consuls residing at Ancona, where an Austrian flotilla is placed at the disposal of his Holiness. [ - The Constantinople despatches speak of important communications between the French Commissioner in the Principalities and the Dean, of the growing movement in favour of the union at Jassy and Bucha- rest, and of rival attempts of Russia to secure friends there. The Constantinople bankers and merchants had held another meeting to try to found a new bank. A letter from Algiers states that Marshal Randon has issued a proclamation setting forth the object of the expedition into Kabylia He threatens only "the Beni Rates, and promises to the other misled tribes the indulgence of allowing them to keep the elective institutions of the Kabyles which, he says, resemble ' those of France. Twenty-four thousand infantry and a large cavalry force were on the march according to the latest from Kabyles. The French journal, the Moniteur of the Fleet," announces that the East India Company have taken possession of the Island of Perim, at the entrance of the Red Sea. The cause was the pillage of a shipwrecked English ship, and the inability of the native chiefs, to defend ships from pirates. The island forms a port a mile and a half in length, well sheltered and forty ships of the line could easily anchor in smooth water a hundred yards from the shore. A few ships-of-war there could close the entrance to the Red Sea. The inland is, however, barren and destitute of water. CAUTION TO BURNERS OF' CHARCOAL. The following melancholy effects of the incautious use of charcoal will, we trust, operate as a warning to those in the habit of using it. On Monday se'nnight a party of four men, who for the last eighteen months had been most unsuccessful diggers, bottomed a hole on the Emu, from the bottom of. which they washed three ounces. Elated with their success, on their return from work in the evening they proceeded to make themselves comfortable, and the night being cold they imbibed several nobblers, and after lighting a fire of charcoal closed their tent and went to bed. On awakening in the morning they found themselves ill two of them being very bad, and one in such a state that his immediate removal to the hospital at Maryborough was deemed necessary. He was accordingly brought in, but, notwithstanding that every attention was paid to him he expired that evening. The other man lingered till Wednesday morning, when he too died The other two mates have recovered. This is only one of many instances of the kind which have occurred in this district since the commencement of the winter Maryborough and Dunolly Advertiser < i , ! THE VALUE OF A FREE PRESS TO PUBLIC MEN AND THE PUBLIC The press is infinitely more serviceable to the reputation of public men than injurious to them. It is their security against malignant representations and calumnies. It is not possible, where it is free, to attribute to them false discourses, nor to hide the good they have done, nor to give their conduct an unfair colouring. The liberty of the press is also the surest guard of a private good name. Where there exists no safe means of communicating with the public, all are exposed to the secret shafts of malignity and envy. The official loses his popularity, the merchant his credit, the humble man his character, without so much as knowing who are the enemies., Tripoli where they are to carry on their attacks, or the nature of their accusations. But where there exists a free press, an innocent may immediately bring the matter into open day, All differences! of rank, fortune, and society are equalised. He, may, crush, his adversaries at once by a demand to lay before the public the grounds of their imputations; and falsehood only raises the fame of those it has attacked. The functions of the press are not always ungracious. To commend just lessening, felicitous illustration, candour, fairness, modesty, equanimity, is required of it as much as to denounce qualities of an opposite nature. It has as strong a sense of excellence as of error. It is as prone to praise as to blame. Its plaudits result in no paper. feet accents of abortive eulogy.' They are the permanent records of the lusty houses of a great people. It represents things much as they are faithful mirror. Vice, indeed, in all its meanness and deformity, but good in its sanctity, honour in its spotlessness. Cheering fcs the liberty of the press is to goodness, they who suppose that it is no restraint on bad ones, and no impediment to bad. measures, know nothing of the case. Ministers and magistrates have, in reality, little punishment to fear, and few difficulties to contend with, beyond the censure of the press, the spirit of inquiry it ex- cites among the people, and the knowledge that wherever there is an abuse there will be a clamour. This constitutes, indeed, practical self-government, which is the only righteous government, the government which the Almighty has left to his crea- tures.- The Press and the Public Service. POISONING BY MISTAKE. -A short time ago we had occasion to record the death of an elderly woman from the effects of a dose of paregoric elixir, or camphorated tincture of opium, which operated as a depressant, and an ex anguished the already feeble vital powers. A still worse case of accidental poisoning is reported in the Carlisle papers. In this instance an old woman named Sarah Moore, a widow nearly 90 years' of age, was seized (last week with a pain in her stomach, and sent for two-penny worth of the tincture of rhubarb, a well-known and efficacious and spasmodic medicine. The proprietor of the druggist's shop, Mr. Carlisle (of Lowther street, Carlisle), was out at the time, and a junior assistant, named Thompson, served the messenger of Mrs. Moore. This youth asked the age of the patient, and on learning said that only half the quantity was to be given at once. He then handed the medicine to the messenger. The latter went to deceased's house, , poured out half of the liquid, mixed it in some water and sugar, and gave it to deceased. Previous i to doing so, however, both she and another woman tasted the mixture, and, though they remarked that it tasted " very nasty," it did not occur to them that there could be any mistake. There viz a mistake, nevertheless, for the patient soon exhibited all symptoms of ' narcotic poisoning, and in the course of the same afternoon, in spite of the remedies applied, she yielded up the ghost Need it be added that the tincture of rhubarb turned out to be the deadly tincture of opium or laudanum t The dose was certainly a small one, and the medical witness at the coroner's inquest stated his bs lief "that if the same quantity of laudanum had been administered to an adult person in sound health, and the same antipodes and restoratives had been applied as had been used in this case, the person would undoubtedly have recovered. He likewise remarked that it was the only instance on record of death having been occasioned to an adult from an Ismail a dose., Theyouag reen," Henry Thompson, endeavoured M mash every reparation for what he had done, and seemed to feel bitterly the serious responsibility he had involved himself in by his [careless act. The precise quantity of laudanum administered does not appear on the record. The jury returned a verdict that the death of Sarah [Moore was the result of accident caused by the neglect of, Henry Thomson in carelessly dispens- ing medicine," and they strongly (ensured his conduct and further the jury were opinion that the present mode of dispensing nsssUeiae could not be too severely condemned.,, The coroner remarked that the young man who had been the cause of I this inquiry might consider himself very fortunate I In having been so leniently dealt with TIMES, I May 11. J 