THE GREAT EASTERN STEAMSHIP. The above introduces to the notice of our ! readers one of the greatest problems of modern ) times, and one that has occupied the attention ! of mankind forages, viz., the best and shortest | way to the far East—India, Japan, China, i i Australia, and Polynesia. Many schemes i have been proposed ; but since British enter ! prise has undertaken the dangerous and diffi ; cult task of accomplishing ocean navigation on a scale of the greatest magnitude, all the nations of Europe are on the qui vive on the subject. The Government of those countries whose shores are washed by the Mediterra nean, are all anxious for a return to that system of traffic which flourished in the fifteenth century, when America was undis covered, and the shores of Africa were un explored. It is manifestly, then, the interest of Britain, occupying an intermediate position between the old and new worlds, to maintain her supremacy even at the expense of what might, upon superficial consideration, be deemed a sacrifice. Austria, Russia, and Prance, having ulterior objects in view, wish that the trade with the East should be so managed that England should not reap the lion's shave of the profits, and, therefore, they strenuously support any undertaking, how ever visionary, that will contribute to bring about a revolution in the commerce of the world. One of their pet arguments is, that the true route to the East is the ancient one; that the passage by the Cape of Good Hope is by far the longest and most expensive. We need not here discuss all that has been ad vanced on this point ; but, we may remark, that to construct railways in Turkey may be advisable for the benefit of that country itself—even a railway through Persia would be beneficial both to that country and to Russia—but that a maritime nation like Eng land should surrender, at the bidding of speculative philanthropy and the dogma of Mediterranean Europe, an advantage which she has dearly earned by her daring skill and industry, appears like a request that she should commit national suicide. England is so far true to herself, that she will never yield to the doctrine and concilia tion, so long as she holds expediency and the control of future interests in her strong right hand. It is all very well for the emissaries of French and Australian capitalists to puff and extol the Suez ship canal project, and enlarge upon the danger of England and France making Egypt a bone of contention ; but this country neither needs Egypt nor the Mediter ranean—her mission is westward, because it is onward—and, firm in her instinctive ap preciation of what is due to the principles of civilization, she cannot, will not, take a re trograde step at the persuasion of any power, or the dictates of any temporary influences, the results of the councils of convenient ex pediency. England wishes, of course, to be as near as possible to India and other territories of the far East, as regards time; and she has ne glected no reasonable means of facilitating that purpose; but she cannot, with all due regard to her dignity and immense oceanic prestige, submit to the humiliations of cor respondence, through deeply interested parties, as the course in which commerce of half the world must be made to flow* Every expe rienced British and American merchant knows that, at sea, the shortest way by miles, is not the shortest by time; and that (we quote from authority), in reality, "the route to India,and mote especially to Australia, is shorter round the Cape of Good Hope, than through the proposed sliip^ canal through the Isthmus of Suez." This is proved by the passages of the clipper ships, from Australia and China, to London and Liverpool; and from facts thus elicited, it can be demonstrated, that if ships could have the double advantage of steam and wind powei*, the voyage might be diminished one half. The science of marine architecture has for years been directed to this subject, and now that the screw can be successfully employed in vessels of any dimensions, the problem of direct ocean navigation from one extremity of ths globe to the other may be said to be solved. But all doubt on the subject will shortly be set at rest. A steamer lias been built espe cially for communication between England and the countries of the East, India, China, and Australia, in particular ; and it is confi dently anticipated that the voyage will be per formed between England, and India, by the Cape, in from thirty to thirty-three days, and, between England and Australia, in from thirty-three to thirty six days, considerably les3 than half the time consumed by sailing clipper vessels. We append some interesting and instructive particulars. She is called the Great Eastern, and is the property of the Eastern Steam Navigation Company, incorporated by royal charter. An idea of the magnitude of the undertaking may be formed when we state that the capital of the company is £1,200,000, with power to increase it to £2,000,000. As regards the ship itself, it is necessary to enter into some minute details. She was designed by J. K. Brunei, Esq., F.R.S., and will be worked by screw and paddle engines. The ship itself, and the paddle engines, were built by Messrs Scott Russel and Co., at Mil wall, Poplar, and the screw engines by the celebrated firm of James Watt and Co., Sobo Works, Birmingham. The following statement will show the dimensions, capacity, and power of this truly colossal specimen of English genius, enter prise, and industry :— Length 680 feet Breadth S3 feet Depth from deck to keel 60 feet Length of principal saloons 400 feet Number of decks 4 Tonnage 22,500 tons To carry coals and cargo 18,000 tons Nominal power of paddle-engines 1,000 horses Ditto, screw ditto 1,600 horses Number oi cylinders of paddle engines .... 4 Diameter of cylinders 74 inches Length of stroke 14 ft. 6 inches Draught of water, laden 30 feet Ditto, light 20 feet Accommodation for passengers, first class 800 Ditto second, ditto 2,000 Ditto third, ditto 1,200 Ditto Troops alone 10,000 Weight of iron used in the construction, about 700 tons From the above it will be seen, that the Great Eastern is intended to carry 4,000 pas sengers, and, without any passengers, 10,000 troops, as tlxey are visually^ conveyed to their destination. The immortal Ten Thousand would have been delighted to have seen such a ship off Colchis or Anapa ready to con vey them down .the dreaded Euxine. But, large as some ships were in those day, this beats all, ancient and modern. The mode of launching such an immense mass is exceed ingly novel. We cannot better explain it than in the language of the builders:—" In constructing the foundation of the floor on which the ship is being built, provision is made, at two points, to insure sufficient strength to bear the whole weight of the ship when completed. At those two points, when the launching has to be effected, two cradles will be introduced, and the entire fabric will be lowered down gradually to the low water mark, whence, on the ensuing tide, the vessel will be floated off." That is the style of her introduction to her future element; so that, to revert to the lan guage employed on such occasions, she can not be said to take to it gracefully like a swan, but to be brought to it like a giant, compelled, by the haud of genius, to take a bath. The other peculiarities of this monster ship are (inter alia), that her decks will be flush, so that her great length will afford a pro menade of more than a quarter of a mile round the deck, without the annoyance of shipped water splashing the heels and ruffling the tempers of the passengers. This wonderful vessel will be provided with seven masts. The centre will be the principal, and these will be crossed by yards as in a line of battle ship ; the others will be proportionately smaller in size. The steam power, however, is the distinguishing feature in the character of the Great Eastern. It will he applied both through the paddle wheel and the screw. The engines are very considerably larger than any hitherto made for marine purposes, and their actual power will be far greater than their nominal power already stated. They will be placed in dif ferent parts of the ship, and entirely inde pendent of each other. The vessel will have ten boilers and five funnels, and each boiler can be cut of from its neighbour, and used or not as desired. Every boiler will have ten furnaces, and that will give to the whole the large number of one hundred furnaces. The fuel intended to be used will be anthracite coal. The screw propeller will be twenty four feet in diameter, the largest ever made. In conclusion, we can only say, that the best terms in which to describe the build of the Great Eastern, is to simply state that there is an inner and outer skin. The space be tween the outer and inner skin is 2 feet 10 inches. These skins are united to each other by longitudinal webs or girders, formed of plate and angle iron. There are seventeen of these webs on each side of the ship, which run the entire length of the vessel, and they are placed at such distances as to extend up wards at intervals of 3 feet from the keel to the main deck, and they are again closed up in lengths varying from 20 feet to 60 feet. Thus the outer and the inner ships are joined together by means of a great number of water tight webs, or cells of extraordinary strength, giving the vessel a rigidity such as has never been communicated to a ship before. The upper deck is treated in the same manner for a width of 20 feet on each side, and iron girders bind one side to the other, so that the entire vessel becomes, as it were, a beam of strength, and the whole fabric may be denomi nated a web of woven iron, the rivets forming the fastenings, and the webbed or honey combed cells, becoming an indissoluble struc ture. In addition to these safeguard, the ship is divided, transversely, into ten separate watertight bulkheads, running up to the main deck, and these again are crossed by longitu dinal bulkheads, running fore and aft. It may, therefore, be said that the ship consists inwardly of a great number of small cells, or watertight compartments, between the outer and inner skins, and a number of large, square compartments in the body of the vessel. The cabins will be on the decks above these compartments, and will form large and splen did saloons, The Member for an Hour.—On the day Parliament was dissolved a new member took Ms seat, and the incident is thus chronicled by the Lon don correspondent of the Liverpool Albion'.—"The doings of the day being in one sense merely pro forma, and having reference rather to what was to come off in the Lords than what was going on in the Commons, matters flagged till the enlivening an nouncement that a member was about to take the oaths and his seat! Mr Speaker himself who, for nearly a dozen and a-lialf years, has looked as solemn as a sphinx, never relaxing into a smile all that while, only an occasional semi Carker-like simper, laughed outright, as he repeated the sum mons ; for he might laugh now without loss of dignity, seeing that with his wig to-night he casts off responsibility, and henceforth has only to trouble himself with writing his new territorial title instead of his old patronymic, and taking £4,000 a year for so doing. And who was the illustrious stranger thus called to senatorial life and to the giving up of the ghost in the same breath? None other than the tremendous O'Donoghue ! At that dread name, a solemn pause ensued, and all eyes were turned intently to the bar, in expectancy of some six feet 6ix of Hibernian anatomy, with a green shamrock harp hung over his shoulder, an elk skin on the other, a man slaughtering, falchion by his side, a wolf-dog at his heels, and a visage of Saxon-slaying ferocity. As tonishing to behold, however, there walked de murely up the floor, and to the table " the mildest mannered man that ever scuttled ship or cut a throat:" — neat booted, dainty gloved, spruce coated, Macassar haired, and quiet-faced—alto gether as inoffensive" and presentable a personage as though he_ were native and to the manner born in Pall Mall instead of Tipperary. However, for that shillelah-famed shire was he sworn, taking the oath of allegiance to the British lion as innocently as though Brion Boru were a ratepayer of Marylebone, nnd Ireland were the county of Hut land ! Having kissed the book and signed the books, he went up to the Speaker; both shook hands, respectively and respectfully, turning away heads as they did so, afraid of laughing in each other's faces. But, as Solomon, or somebedy else, has wisely remarked, you cannot wash a blackamoor white:—human nature will be human nature, even in Pariiament. The O'Donoghue " caught the Speaker's eye"—with a twinkle in it. The Speaker titered : the O'Donoghue grinned; and a general guffaw ensued, without a word of " Order, order," for all was disorder, the most disorderly being the ex-decorum giver in the chair. The antique Comic chuckled till he chinked with enjoyment. Yernon Smith went into what he himself once called "Mla rious enthusiasm ; " and even the cadaverous Sir George Grey looked like a ghoul at a hornpipe, so highly entertained was he. STRANGE BUT TRUE. A recent report of a Select Committee, on the desirability of introducing certain animals into the colony, affords a proof that the Assembly may be rendered ridiculous simply by Ass-Embling. 