AGRARIAN THEORIES. i The Sydney Empire gives a prominent place, and devotes its largest type, to the following suggestions of a correspondent, entitled— , : THE LAND LAWS AS THEY SHOULD BE. ' " 'The waste lands are useless to the com- . inunity, excepting the comparatively small profits which they yield as squatting runs, whereas every acre cultivated yields pro duce and supports increased population, which may be. taxed in a more or les3_ direct manner for the increase of the revenue. . . It being one of the chief duties of Go vernment to raise the revenue in the least . injurious and inconvenient way possible, the upset price or tax on the occupation of land should be entirely abolished. . Large quantities of land, however, hav ing been purchased for many years past on the understanding that this price would al ways be maintained, it would be a breach of faith to throw a practically inexhaustible supply of new lands into the market at their natural or almost nominal value, un less either compensation be offered to all previous, purchasers, which is clearly im possible, or the value of all such purchased land he by some means artificially raised by the same amount. This may he most easily accomplished : by imposing a perpetual yearly tax of one shilling per annum per acre, in place of the present upset price, which is equivalent to demanding the interest at 5 per cent., in stead of the capital. Every facility to be offered to persons to acquire any piece of waste land they may desire in the colony, hut to prevent \- unfair dealings as well as to ascertain the real value of the land, all sale, or rather leas- ings, had better be still made by open auc tion/ The charges on land would therefore be as follows : . 1. Cost of survey, &c.;, to he paid down. 2\. Fixed rent of Is. per annum per acre. 3\. Premium bid at auction. . If the third sum were required to be paid down, it would either act injuriously in withdrawing capital, or: lead poor personB to/select had land purposely. It should be, therefore, turned into a yearly rent on the same terms, or the land should be leased to "the persons bidding the highest rent. The continual leasing of lands in this manner would yield a steady and perpe tually increasing revenue of a perfectly un exceptionable-character. It would be of -the nature of the tax .on the increase of rent,q>roposed and recommended by Mills, the great modern authority in political economy, and as the average value of all lands gradually increased from the growing numbers of the population, the land tax might he now and then increased, Bay one penny per acre at a time, the increase being laid of course on all appropriated land whatever. Those portions, however, /purchased previously to the change of . laws would still enjoy the exemption of one shilling, which is equivalent to a repay ment of the upset price. A Land Office should be established in which all sales and conveyance of lands would be registered, and their respective rents recorded ; any purchaser of land will therefore he liable for the rent or tax until a transfer is made in this office and ac cepted by the new owner. The tenure of the land to he perfectly secure and complete, and no reservations whatever to he made, but for roads and ' . similar public purposes. The rent, or more properly the tax, to be only recoverable as any ordinary tax on other debt. Every facility will he offered by the Land Office for the transfer and division of land in-any manner that may be desired by the owner, provided that no transfer be al- lowedTor a- less quantity than 10 acres n one piece. This is to prevent too minute a subdivision of agricultural lands, which is' known to he injurious to productive ness. Land-rent to he remitted on any piece of and not exceeding one acre upon which a bouse or other erection of the least value of £100 shall be built, the area of land ex empted to increase in same proportion if the house be of greater value than £ 100. Land may thus he freed from the Land Office regulations and divided in any man ner for building purposes, hut will then be registered and assessed in a separate deapartment of the Government, charged With collecting a moderate house-tax. The sudden failure of one-sixth part of the revenue ensuing from such a change of laws would of course be inconvenient for the first one or two years. Such large quantities of land would, however, be almost immediately taken on lease as soon to. remedy this. In the meantime the - occasion would he a . legiti- mate one for resorting to further loans, of the perpetual interest on the money borrowed by 5 per cent, debentures, would only -he equal to the perpetual rents of the average quantity of land at present purchased every year. But much larger quantities would certainly be taken up, and instead of running in debt, the re venue would be really gaining just as much as if the whole were paid for at the upset price. Great precautions should he taken in making the change of regulations gradu ally,— for instance, by limiting for a few years the total quantities of land allowed to be leased. If laws were carried out on the above roughly-sketched principles, it might be confidently said that New South Wales had laid the foundations of the most unex ceptionable system of direct taxation in the world— the spoataneous increase of the rent or value of the land, and the expendi ture of each family as measured by the condition of their dwelling-house, being proved by Mills to he moat desirable sources of revenue. With the assistance of duties on spirits and tobacco they might in. time provide the whole. And if the lands were thus thrown open to the use of all who have just enough capital to use them, the total produce would he immensely increased, and num bers would find employment in agricultural pursuits who now crowd the towns and depress wages and business in many trades, thus putting a stop to all further clamour about protection. It is needless to enter into the benefits to the colony and all concerned in it, from the stream of emigration . which would spontaneously turn hither from England, as well as from the neighbouring colonies. New South Wales would assume anew im portance and a fresh position in the world. A Grand Marriage. — Tbe approaching marriage of the Sultan's daughter with the son of the Pasha of Egypt has given an immense- impetus:to the haut commerce of Paris. The Sultan, with an unexampled generosity, has given commissions to the extent ofs four and- twenty millions of francs for jewels , and em broidery destined for the bride. The cup from which the bride drinks on her wedding morning is already executed, and is valued at thirty two thousand pounds Stirling. It is of a pea shape, pure gold, incrusted with diamonds of the largest size and finest water. The top is bordered by a fringe of diamonds, all of equal size, aud immense value. These hang detached from the cup, and move and sparkle in a constant flutter. Nothing more beautiful than this cup has ever been produced. The bridal slippers, of cloth of gold, embroidered in millions of diamonds, have also created a sensation amongst the sightseers of Paris They entirely confirm the tale of Eastern magnificence which we have been accustomed to read with the impertinent incredulity of European ignorance ; and as we look around the room at Mayer's where these wonders are displayed we believe, like Hassan, the shep herd, that all things are possible to his High ness the Padishah. The wedding robe has not yet arrived from Lyons, but the jewelled border which is to surround it is already com pleted, and it is absolutely . dazzling, in its magnificence. By the Sultan's desire, this border, which is of an arabesque pattern, is made to contain specimens of every precious stone known under the sun ; and the design is so beautifully carried out that, although as many jewels are collected together as thespace will hold, yet they do, not seem overloaded or crowded together in any way. — Paris Corres pondence of the Court Journal. Rat Poisoning. — The editor of the Cleve land Plaindealer, writing from Washington on the 1st inst / says — " The great wholesale poisoning case excites much interest here. The National, the largest hotel in the city, being overrun with rats, the proprietors under took a general slaughter by poisoning them with, strychnine. The rats took the poison, and then took to the nearest water, which was in the cistern tanks and wells about the house, where they tumbled in aud died of course. The water being concealed and raised by pumps, did not expose the condition of things till by its daily use some hundred or more of the hoarders were suddenly taken Sick. Doctors were called in, and a health officer sent for, who were not long in discern ing the cause. On removing the covering of the big cistern, it presented the most sickening sight ever seen. It was literally packed with the dead bodies of poisoned rats. Mr. Lennox, from our State, was a guest at the house at the time,- was taken sick, started for home, aud died on the way. No other deaths have been heard of, but many of the hoarders are still veiy sick." Mr. Buchannan, J. Glancy Jones, of Pa., and several other distinguished citi zens, were also . stopping "at the. house, and have not yet fully recovered from its effects. The tanks have ' since been thoroughly cleansed. The Spectre Fire Ship. — Many, many years ago a ship called the Palatine sailed from Holland, with a large number of Dutch passengers, hound to a new home in North America. Soon after leaving port, it became generally known that many of the passengers were wealthy, and had a large amount of gold and silver in their possession. Three weeks elapsed, when tbe captain and bis crew con ceived tbe idea of enriching themselves by plundering and murdering the inoffensive and unsuspicious persons in their power. .They first reported their provisions spoilt, but ma naged to sell hard biscuits for a guinea each. This process was at length suspended, and then disease and famine had full sway. The winds were favorable, all were not yet dead, and lo ! the ship was. floating off Block Island. The few passengers who still survived might still live to tell their tale of woe, and so the ship must he destroyed, with all her living freight. The captain and his crew piled their ill-gotten wealth in their two yawls, and having scuttled and set fire to the ship,- they embarked for the neighbouring island, where they landed, just as the great mass of flame sank hissing into the deep. The pirates told the islanders a plausible story, and for many menths they lived in a house which is still pointed, out to the curious stranger — but is a mere ruin. The pirates quarrelled, separated, and left for parts unknown. For many years thereafter, the house was deserted by ali per sons of flesh and blood, hut thickly peopled with ghosts — with pale women in white, old | men reduced to skeletons, and children with bloody faces, and whenever they made their appearance at the witching time of night, there were heard the most frightful or es' of anguish. In process of time, however, 'the spectres all disappeared; but.. of. late years, whenever a great storm is about to lash the o'cean into fury, the Fire. . Ship is. distinctly seen in the offing ; her " hull a mass of cinders, and her gails, sheets of pure flame. Many old. men have looked upon this phantom many times, and some of them allege that they have seen the sufferers imploring heaven for succor, anil heard their "shrieks of despair. — Lanman's Ad ventures United States. Examinations, for Commissions in the Army. — From a return moved for in the last Parliament it appears that the following are the chief " points" of examination for candi dates for commissions The candidate must read and write English correctly; he must know arithmetic, proportion, the use of logarithms, as practically applied to the mul tiplication, division, formation of powers, and extraction of roots ; algebra (tne first four rules) ; he must he able to translate Livy's History (hooks .21-25), and any -portions of Virgil's JLneid (Rooks 1-3), with parsing and prosody. If ignorant of the classics, he must render into English a given passage from a French or German author, and vice versa ; in histoiy he is open to such questions "as the examiners may think right to propose ; he must possess such an elementary knowledge of geography as most school children acquire (such as a knowledge of the great divisions of the globe, the chief capitals, the chief rivers and ports in her Majesty's dominions, &c.;) ; in 'fortification he must trace upon paper a front of fortification according to Vauban's first system, and also the profile of a rampart and parapet. A certificate of confirmation or of instruction in religion will be required. A medical examination will of course take place. The same return' contains a long list of regu lations for the examination of officers pre paratory to promotion, to he substituted for those promulgated in the Circular Memoran- dumof the 14th of May, 1850. — Hoine Netos. Curiosities of the Peerage. — In the his tory of the Peerage, as in natural history, races 'rise, flourish, and falL Let us place ourselves in imagination -in the epoch of the old Norman Barons — of Bohun, Bigod, De Clare, De Montfichet; de Albini; de Fortibus, deLacy. They were little kings, with courts of their own — had their own subordinate barons, their own dapifers and chamber lains. When a stout . Fullce or lvo returned from Palestine, the whole monks of the neigh bouring religious house received him, singing Benedictus qui veiiit in nomine Domini. His " badge'' was worn by hundreds of retainers — his " knoP' adorned the rooms 'of the gentle men who "held" under him, ancestors of the best families in the gentry, and proud to use his " chevron" or his "fesse dancettee" on itheir shields. An army of loose menestiiers, goliards,' ribalds, and jongleurs swarmed in .his wake-7-like fish in the - wake of a vessel "—to solace with song and buffoonery the idle hours that would hang heavy on him till it was time to be at Carlisle on the Feast of St. Barnabas to march with Edward against the Scots. Great as he appears, it is comic to' read 'of him in the "History of the Exchequer," as giving the King " twenty palfreys" to in duce him to request Isolda de Swigville, or some such damsel, to accept him in marriage; or " all the lampreys he could get" in ex change for his gracious permission to have a puncheon of wine over- from France. It is still more.comic to find his daughter some stately Alicia or Cecilia— paying money ut possit se maritare cui voluerit— that she might marry whom she liked — a privilege which, perhaps, the same lady's descendant would be glad to invest in, in our day, too ! The mastodons of the Peerage— these old barons— are now only to be seen/ as their traces show them, in the formation of Dugdale's "Baronage." Their breed became all but extinct; and of the twenty-five Barons who were appointed to en force Magna Charta, only two bore names that now exist in the English Peerage — Percy and De Roos — neither of these, of course, existing in direct, or anything like direct line. Such great houses ended in every way — by attain der, in battle, by extravagance whether in feasts or splendid funerals, and in heiresses, who made the fortune of the.great families of succeeding . ages. 'The Howards — starting from a judge of Edward the First's time — owed their grandeur, in the first instance, to then- marriage with a Mowbray ; and nearly all the ancient baronies now existing will he found to he derived by marriages, and to have ended repeatedly in heiresses before coming to their present possessors. Barons by tenure disappeared first ; barons by writ succeeded ; but the great mass of the existing peerage owe. their honours to the still later source of letters patent. The change has been somewhat similar to .that, which in Rome . substituted nobiles for pdtricii. — Athenceum. Midnight.— Hiiferland, in his treatise on sleep, lias some curious, as well n's forcible, ideas on the necessity, of devoting midnight to rest and sleep. He considers that the period of twenty-four hours, which is produced by the regular revolution of the earth on its axis, marks its influence most definitely on the physical economy of man. Diseases show this regular influence in their daily rise and fall. Settled regular fever exhibits a twenly- four hours' flux and reflux. In the healthful state there is manifest the same regular in fluence, and the more habitual our meals, our hours of exercise or employment, and our hours of sleep, the more power is there in the system to resist disease. In the morning the pulse is slow and the nerves calmer, and the body more fitted for labor. As we advance towards the evening of the day the pulse be- comes accelerated, aud an - almost feverish state is produced which, in excitable persons, becomes an absolute evening fever. Rest carries off this fever by its sleep, and. the re freshing opening of its pores which sleep pro duces. In this nightly respiration there is an absolute crisis of this evening fever, .and this periodical crisis is necessary to every one, fru it carries off whatever useless or pernicious particles our bodies may .have imbibed. This evening fever, Huferland thinks, is not entirely, owing to the accession of new chyle to the system, but to the departure of the sun and of the light. The crisis of this fever, to be most effective by its regularity, ought to take place at midnight, when the sun is in the nadir, and then the body becomes refreshed for the early morning labor. Those who neglect this period, either push this diurnal crisis into the morning,, and thus undermine the importance of its regularity; or lose it entirely, and arise to their labours unrefreshed" by sleep: Their bodies have not been purified by the nightly- crisis, and the seeds of disease will thus have been planted. Nervous people are peculiarly subject to the influence of this evening fever, and think they cannot labor without its ex citement. Hence their mental efforts are per formed in the night alone; the important time for the crisis of their nervous excitement passes over in wakefulness, and no refreshing perspiration cleanses the body or strengthens the nerves. Such people will wear out soon unless they change their habits and seek rest when nature and the human constitution dictate. These considerations ought to he deeply studied and regarded by all who are in the ruinous habit of turning night into day, and of changing the functions of each. A failure of health will soon manifest the truth of these. remark. : Music in 1856. — We are not sorry to " ring out" "the "year 1856, — so far as keeping count of its music is concerned.; In no former twelvemonth has it been more clearly made manifest that the English are -hungering and thirsting for the art, hut seldom have the old dishes set before those who long for food been so spaiingly interspersed with anything new belonging to time past or time present. Herr Reinthaler's " Jephtha," — M. Gounod's Sym phony, — Dr. Schumann's " Paradise," — " La Traviata,"— the cantatas by Messrs. Macfar- ren and Hatton, and an overture by Mr. C. Horsley — these have been our principal novel ties of the . year. Nothing of any value has been produced in France or Germany that we have been able to hear of ; in Italy, not even a new opera by Signor Verdi. From no land have we the echo of a new singer deserving the name of greatj or the coming shadow of an original instrumentalist. Such is in brief, the retrospect. The deficit it pre sents is balanced by' such increase in our English audiences when anything having special worth has been presented as tell3 a tale of change and promise. Barren in some respects as the time appears, it may he, so far as England is interested, seed-time, to be fol lowed by a plenteous harvest. That the honour and pleasure of being an artist are somewhat better understood amongst us than they were a few years since we would gladly hope, Till such understanding is increased, let technical cultivation make what progress- it may, let the utmost amount of money be amassed, and of plentiful entertainment en joyed — no pages will be added to the World's Golden Book of Poetry, our best men will re main in the state of seekers wasting their ener gies, and stopping short of the point where . anything is found, of mechanics more eager for great wages, instead of honorable men de termined to complete some true and honorable thing. — Athenceum. A Traitor's Fate. — Tooey, the correspond ent of the New Orleans Delta, who deserted Henningsen at Grenada, is said to have been hung by the Leonese. Also Colonel Silva, who deserted Walker, shared the same fate. Tooey, it appears, was taken prisoner about six months since, by the Costa Ricans, at the fight of Santa Rosa, after having lost an arm. General Canas took him to his own house at San Jose, fed him at his own table, and treated him with so much respect that not a cover was allowed to he removed at his table without the presence of his prisoner, or rather his guest. He voluntarily gave Canas infor mation in respect to Walker's forces, and af ter he was fully recovered, was released. When he returned to Walker, he published an ac count of bis. adventures!, in! /Costa Rica, in which he abused his benefactor, and stated that he had completely deceived him in 'his- account'of Walker. For this conduct he was undoubtedly hung. — New York Tribune. Yellow Fever Prevented by Inoculation. — According to a statement recently made in the Gazette Medicate, the yellow fever.'may he prevented in the majority of instances by pre vious .inoculation -with the diluted virus of a reptile. The statement is made by Dr. Lucien Papilland, who at the period of announcement had performed no less than 2477 inoculations on persons living in districts ravaged by yel low fever, and with the. most satisfactory results. Only 288, or 10 per cent, of thenum- oer inoculated, were subsequently attacked by yellow fever, though exposed to its influence.; 68 per cent, of the total number, or 2£ per cent, died ; and 2247, or 90 per cent., were altogether protected. Dr. Papilland calculates that no less than 16 per cent, of the total population of a region infested by yellow fever may be preserved by his mode of pretentive treatment. The history of the discovery is not a little singular. Some time since Dr. G. Humboldt announced the fact that the inha bitants of Central America were liable to he bitten in the feet and legs by a reptile of un determined species. Many died in conse quence, but those who survived remained sin gularly free from the ravages of yellow fever. M. Papilland inoculates with the diluted poi son of the reptile, which he irritates until it bites a piece of sheep's liver ; and the juice of the latter thus impregnated is the material employed for inoculation. The Gloucestershire Times, a three-half penny newspaper published at Gloucester, stopped publication last week. I appears that every copy of the paper cost more than the sale price and yet some of the subscribers grumbled because it did not contain more than " the old five-penny paper." Other par ties coolly proposed to the proprietors to insert their advertisements gratuitously, for six months, " by way of trial." This was followed by a recommendation to issue the paper gratuitously for the time, that its merits might be more generally known.— London Observer. : Witty Excuse.— -The poet Waller dedicated a splendid production to"01iver Cromwell, hail ing his accession to power as a glorious event. Presently Charles the Second came to the throne of his ancestors, and Waller produced another panegyric for the honor and glory of the King. The witty monarch read it, and turning to Waller, observed, " The poem you wrote on Cromwell was superior." The reply was unequalled. " 1 own. it your majesty, said Waller, " hut poets write better on fiction than truth." , Machinery and Prosperity.; — The lace- knitter upon the pillow can weave perhaps five mashes in : a minute, ' and will make a square yard of plain lace in six hundred hours. Forty-six years ago the plain lacemaking ma chines at Nottingham, then a yard wide, make a thousand mashes in a minute, or a square yard in "two hours. Now, these machines are five yards wide, and the square yard of plain lace, once made by hand in six hundred hours/ is now made by help of machinery, in five minutes. The result is not destruction, but creation of livelihoods. In 1809 the finished pieces of plain net were sold at £6 the square yard. The present price of the same quantity is 6d. When lace was a luxury which but few people could afford, there were high profits obtained, doubtless, by a very few producers. Now, it is a distinct article ot consumption, and causes the yearly distribution of more than three millions of pounds in wages to one hundred and thirty-five thousand people. The rate of wages on plain lace machines has risen for hoys, from 12s. to 16s. a. week ; for men, from £1 to £1 4s. — English Paper. Judicious Preference. — " Won't- you take half of this poor apple ?" said a pretty damsel to-a- wittyiswain. " No, I thank you : I would nrefer a better half.-' Eliza blushed, and referred him to her papa. — American Paper. 