THE LAYING THE FIRST STONE OF THE NEW CHURCH OF SS. MICHAEL AND JOHN, BATHURST. (From the Bathurst Free Press. ) St. Michael's church was filled by a congregation, comprising not only all the leading Catholics of the district, together with their poorer brethren, but also many members of every other denomination, and \ Mass was celebrated by the Rev. Father Hrcnnnn, ' at which the choir assisted with its usual efficiency. At the conclusion of the Mass, a procession was formed from the Deanery, headed by the Confra ternities under the auspices of the Church, and liy the Building Committee, and followed by the choir of St. Michael's, by the Acolytes, and the Clergy of the Deancrv. includinn- tlin llevs. Fntlu-r Mnrnliv. Father White, Father Phelan, by Father Brennan, and the Very Rev. Dean Grant, preceding his Grace the Lord Archbishop, whose train was borne by two assistants. On arriving beneath the marquee, erected over the site, the Archbishop, robed in archiepiscopal vestments, with mitre and crozier, after reciting a short prayer, first proceeded to bless the salt and water presented to him, and then ad dressed the multitude assembled, in explanation of the ceremonies which were to follow. His Grace adverted to the great antiquity of such rites, and stated that so early as the second century after Christ, before the persecution of Dioclesian, the followers of our Lord were found openly building churches, more commonly raised over the tombs of the Martyrs, and thence called 'tlie place of the Martyrs,' which were dedicated to God, either under the name of that Martyr, or under that of some Apostle or Saint, for which reason the remains of tlie Martyrs still repose within the altars of all Catholic Churches. He then explained the use of tlie blessing and mingling together of salt and water to sprinkle the persons, places, and things appro priated to the use of the Church, and traced the practice up through the early fathers, St. Basil, St. Ambrose, St. Augustine and others, as having been :used in their days up to the Apostolic times, and as denoting purity and incorruptibility, and also as procuring many spiritual blessings, not by any vir tue of the elements themselves, but by virtue of the prayers pronounced over them, by the efficacy of the Grace of God obtained by those prayers, and by the dispositions of those who used them. At the conclusion of this address, while the Archbishop, standing unmitred, sprinkled the place designated as the site of the future High Altar, which had been marked with a cross on the previous night, and after reciting several prayers, and attended by the choir singing the 83rd Psalm, Quam dilccta tabernacula tua — ' How lovely are thy tabernacles' — proceeded to the foundations of the Tower, where the first stone was appointed to be laid. After blessing the stone, and sprinkling it with holy water, his Grace, taking a trowel in his band, engraved six crosses upon the face of the stone, saying ' In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,' the choir afterwards singing the Litany of the Saints. Im mediately after, die Archbishop being mitred, and the cement having been prepared, the choir sang the 126th Psalm, Nisi Dominus mdificave.ril, 'Unless the Lord build the House,' and his Grace then pro ceeded to lay the first stone in the foundation, the trowel and mallet being banded to him by Mr. Henderson, the Architect of the church and En gineer employed on the preparation of the founda tions, and tlieu offered up the following prayer : — ' In tlie faith of Jesus Christ we place this first stone in this foundation, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that the true faith, and the fear of God, and brotherly love, may here flourish, and that this place may be appropriated to prayer, and to the calling upon and praising of the name of the same Jesus Christ our Lord, who with the Futher and the Son liveth and reigneth one God world without end. Amen.' The stone was then fixed with cement, and again sprinkled with holy waiter, the choir reciting the 50th Psalm, Miserere met, Dens. ' Have mercy upon me, O God !' after which the Archbishop went round, sprinkling the whole foundations, followed by the immense multitude assembled upon the occasion, the choir singing the 80th Psalm, Fundamenta ejus in montibus snnctis, ' Her foundations are in the holy mountains,' and the 21st Psalm, Lcetatus sum, ' I was glad when they said unto me we will go into the House of the Lord,' and finally returned to the place of the first, stone, where he commenced the hymn Veni Creator, ' Come, Holy Ghost, Creator come,' which was continued by the choir. After, a short prayer, tile Archbishop sitting in his chair, and wearing his mitre, addressed the people assem bled to the following ell'ect : — ' Having now performed that part of the ceremo nial which belongs more particularly to the Church, ??ve now call on you, dearly beloved, to perform your part, and thus bring the business that has brought us together to a'satisfactory conclusion. Your part is, to raise the funds required for the erection of the Church. Already a considerable sum has been con tributed, and, though the erection of the church on which we are now engaged will demand a larger sum than has been expended en any of our churches out of Sydney; yet we do not doubt but your generosity, your sense of piety, your love of your holy religion, will provide the means. It is not necessary to refer to your past exertions. The spirit by which you are now animated is, I am certain, equal to the exertions you may be called on to make ; for it is the spirit with which our forefathers in the earliest ages of our holy faith were animated. We read in the Sacred Scriptures that the Apostles, and afterwards their followers, celebrated the holiest rites of religion in private houses, and the faithful dedicated their dwellings to the service of God. Kings were but too happy to oiler their palaces to the purposes of reli gion, whence the word ' Basilica' was adopted in ecclesiastical phraseology. And after a journey which, we confess, g as somewhat fatiguing, our souls were refreshedBa-en on our arrival at the house of your beloved PasiB we eagerly proceeded to the i spot on which we n«r 'stand, and beheld numbers I engaged in making [*Earations for the ceremony of this day. Many of iB*',u. were evidently unused for a long time to manualH0', yet, stripped to their shirts, and with implements B ndustry in their hands, they engaged in labour, s\Sk ng bow that labour, digni fied in itself, becanitBNeminently ennobled when employed in the servJBa of God, reminding us of many interesting passH i in ecclesiastical history, and especially, how CoB antine divested himself of his imperial robes, amlVas proud to be seen with his own hands to fill twelvellaskets of earth, and with his own strength to carry tliftn from the foundation of that church which was to be (Indicated to theserviceof G;id, under the invocation of the twelve Apostles; and so do we recollect when, many years since, we paid our first visit to Bathurst, how tho eternal sacrifice was offered in a small room of a private dwelling, while the greater number of the faithful, congregated from distant districts, were for want of accommodation ex posed in the open air. With increased means and increased number's arose your present Church. And, as of old Basilicas succeeded to private houses, so have you resolved that u church more worthy of its objects, more commensurate to your means and numbers, shall testify to your zeal in the cause of your holy faith ; and yet we cannot be surprised, for your intention is not to build a palace to a king or a queen whom in gratitude you love, but to erect a temple in which you may. commune in devout affec tions with the Lord God who created you ; nor is this all, for your holy faith teaches you that within these walls will abide that same God, who, in the infinitude of his love, for your sake became man. It is therefore to yon a Bethlehem, but not with poverty and wretchedness ; it is to you a Nazareth, but a Nazareth which has been made the palace of the Great King ; it is to you the temple where Jesus will teach as heretofore among the Doctors ; above ' all, it is to you the Mount of Calvary, with all its priceless treasures of redemption, but without its ignominies tnd cruelties. Here then will you come to be present at that great Eternal Sacrifice, each day renewed, by which the world has been redeemed. With such considerations before your minds), can .your manifestations of zeal surprise? And then what advantage to each one of you ? Hither, afflicted and disconsolate, will you come to pour forth your sorrows into the ear of Him, who said to the widow of Nairn, ' weep not.' Hither will you come to ac knowledge in all humility your transgressions, and to receive the comforting assurance that your sins are forgiven you for ' that you have loved much.' Hither will you come to be fed with the bread that nourisheth unto eternal life, Here, will' you sit with Mary at the feet of Jesus, treasuring in your hearts the words of truth. Here will you. bring your children to be regenerated unto God in the waters of Baptism. Here at a later period will you pre sent them to the venerable Pontiff, to be strength ened by the imposition of bib hands, und prepared for the struggles of life, and when that last hour shall approach, when the soul shall cast about for means of defence against the terrors of despair, your contributions towards the erection of this Church will open to you a source of consolation. It will be a refreshment to your wearied thoughts to know that your mortal remains will, after the departure of life, be conveyed by affectionate bands and deposited within these walls so endeared to you during' life, and, after having bsen hallowed by the Adorable Sacrifice which shall be offered for the repose of your souls, shall he thence carried to their last rest ing place amidst the fervent exclamations of your surviving brethren in the faith, that 'rest eternal may be yours.' ' At the conclusion of this exhortation, the Arch bishop pronounced his solemn benediction upon tho multitude assembled, and tlie coup d' ail at this moment was most impressive. The sun shone brightly upon the immense masses of people con gregated upon the ground, and the many varied hues of theladies' toilettes, and the magnificently jewelled and embroidered vestments of the Archbishop, con trasted most agreeably with the more sombre coloured robes of the attendant priests, and the white surplices of the acolytes ; nor was the effectless imposing when the procession was first discerned approaching the site of the foundation from the Deanery Gardens, the fine clear tones of the female voices of the choir float ing with most delightful effect through the morning air upon the vast assemblage upon the ground. A collection waa made after the ceremony had con cluded, which, we believe, amounted to the large sum of £806 17s. 2d., and amongst the contributors were not only those members of the Roman Catholic Church who were present but also very many per sons belonging to other denominations in the town — a most healthy augury of that feeling of brotherly love and charity which, after all, are the best cha racteristics of the true Christian. We cannot con clude this notice of the proceedings of the day without adverting to the high gratification which must be experienced by the Very Rev. Dean Grant and his coadjutors at the very brilliant success which has hitherto attended their efforts, as also upon the satisfactory manner in which the proceedings were carried out throughout the ceremony. His Grace the Archbishop was received with the deepest marks of reverence and affliction, and did not seem in the least degree fatigued by tlie arduous duties which devolved upon him upon the eventful occasion. We subjoin a copy of the inscription engraved upon the brass plate let into the foundation stone, which is characterised by its chaste and elegant Latinity : — ' In fide Jesu Christi etad honorem Dei Altissimi lapidem istum primarium Ecclesice S. S. Michaelis et Joannis collocavit Reverendissimus et Illustrissi mus Ioannes Beda Archiepiscopus Sydneiensis, die 30 Novembris, anno millcsimo octingentesimo quinquagesimo septimo. Adfuere Reverendus admodum Joannes Grant, Dec. et cseteri Decanatus sacerdotes, adstantc corona fidehum amplissima qui piis muneribus lapidem sacratmn cumulavere. Regnante in Britaniis Victoria, ejus vers vices in Australia Gulielmo Denison, Equite Aurato gerente. Supremus vero Ecclesice Christi Pastor erat Pius Papa Nouus, quos et quem Deus sospites diu con servet.' We understand that the new church will be built in the early English style of architecture, perhaps the most graceful type of the Gothic order. The length, including the Chancel, will he about 150 feet, by a width of 80 feet. The Nave will be surmounted by a clerestory, and there will also be a handsome stained glass window at the Chancel end, with a tower and spire at the opposite end. Tlie foundations, to a depth of five feet, will be composed of solid concrete, thus ensuring the building from those un fortunate casualties from which scarcely any edifice of importance in Bathuist has proved itself exempt. Every thing bids fair to promise that the projected church will bo characterised by solidity, combined with the elegance which is so peculiarly inalienable from a Gothic building correctly designed after the pure examples of the middle ages. The foundation stone laid on Monday by his Grace the Archbishop was of solid granite, and was procured from a quarry in the immediate neighbourhood of Bathurst ; it is of excellent colour, and we trust will be extensively used in the new building, as well as in the erection of other public edifices in this town. Edward Kivur District. — December 3. — The Rev. Mr. Twomey, the resident Roman Ca tholic clergyman of Albury, has just left us, after having paid a ten-days' visit to Deniliquin and the surrounding localities. ..The reverend gentleman preached twice at Deniliquin, and celebrated mass once at Red Bank, and during bis stay christened fifteen children of Roman. Catholic parents. Up wards of £300 were collected towards a fund for building a Catholic Church. The ground has since been purchased ; and in about three months it is anticipated that this house of worship will be opened. A resident priest is expected in about nine months hence ; in the meantime, Mr. Twomey will pay periodical visits to the district. — Correspondent. The Goulburn Chronicle says that on Thursday last, about TO o'clock, a.m., the. shock of an earthquake was felt at Gunning, and a second ono was experienced about 2 o'clock on tho same afternoon. Tho direction the earthquake took was east to west. Tho atmoaphoro was Bnltry and not a breath of wind stirring. Tlie Megrethon, degraded, is dragged away by bullocks. The weather delightful : crops abund ant. We want only a train to send you great par. eels of wheat, maize, hay, butter, &c;, &c;, and to make Singleton the first inland town in the colony. — Correspondent. Melancholy Suicide. — The Melbourne A/re of the 26th November thus refers to a late case of suicide: — One of those mournful tragedies so characteristic of colonial society has just occurred at South Yarra, Melbourne. A fellow named Jackson induced a young woman to marry him a few mouths ago, in Adelaide. They subsequently came to Mel bourne, but they were not here may weeks until the unhappy woman discovered that Jackson had another wife living. He abandoned her soon after the dis covery. She endeavonred to find him out, but in vain; and at length, broken-hearted with despair, she poisoned herself. Jackson seems to be well known. At one time he figured off as a ptofessor of phrenology ; at another he officiated as a Baptist clergyman ! I ! Surely the authorities will endeavour to punish a wretch who is morally guilty of murder as well as bigamy. The Northern Times has the following — A movement in favour of a testimonial to the late lamented G. R. Nichols, as a memento of the many and eminent services rendered by him in his legis lative capacity to the colony, was.initiated at a pub lic meeting held in the School of Arts in May last. A committee was appointed for carrying into effect that desirable object, and they at once collected subscriptions which amounted to £300. In conse quence,' however, of the floods, the elections, and other matters which have since intervened, and also the illness of Mr. Nichols, the action of the com mittee has somewhat, flagged. We understand, however, that a meeting of the central committee will be held' nt the residence of Mr. Levy, next Tuesday evening, when the propriety of convening a public meeting for the purpose of considering how the funds collected should be applied will be dis cussed, and other business concerning the testimonial, with the view of extending the subscriptions, will be debated. Svdmey Chamber op Commerce. — Tlio monthly meoting of tho membors was held on Monday. Messrs. James How, William Barton; J. II. Atkinson, Edward Wrench, and Thomas E. Weedon wero balloted for and eluetod members of tho Chamber. Letters from the Molbourno and llobart Town Chambers of Commorco respecting tho irregularities of tho European and Australian Steam Navigation Company in tho performance of tho mail contract woro read. A lettor from the Hon. tho Colonial Reorotary was also read, stating that the resolutions passed by tho Chamber on tho siime subjoot could not be for wardod in their present shape to tho Secretary of Stato for the Colonies. It waB agreed, after a ralhor warm .discussion, to adopt tho suggestion contained in tho Colonial Secretary's letter, and embody tho resolutions) in a potition to bo trans mitted to tho Secretary of State through the Gover nor-Goneral. KlLMORE DlOOESAN CoLLEQE, CaVAN.— -Oil the 25th August, a deputation waited on the Right Rev. Dr. Browne for the purpose of presenting to his lordship, as founder and patron of this institution, the first instalment of books for the library of the college. His lordship, who was accompanied by the president and professors of the college, expressed himself highly pleased with the selection, which con tains the most valuable stamlard works in the English language. * His Eminence Cardinal Nicholas Wiseman is the son of the late James Wiseman, Esq., mer chant, of Waterford, and of Seville, where he was born August 2nd, 1802. The family of Wiseman is one of considerable antiquity, and appears to have held lands in the county of Essex since the reign of Edward IV. Soon after the Reformation Sir John Wiseman, who bad been one of the auditors of the Exchequer under Henry VIII., and was knighted for his bravery at the battle of Spurs, acquired by purchase Much Canfield Paik, in that county. His grandson William, who married into tlie noble family of Capel, afterwards E;irl of Essex, was created n baronet by King Charhs I., in 1028 ; and a younger brother of the second baronet was Bishop of D onore. The title has continued in a direct line of succession down to the present time, and is now represented by Sir William Salstonstall Wiseman, eighth baronet, who is a captain in the royal navy. Cardinal Wise man traces his descent from a younger branch of this family. His mother, ?whose' maiden name was Strange, and whose family, in spite of large confis cations of their property under Cromwell, is still seated at Alward's Town Castle, county Kilkenny, lived to see her son elevated to his present dignity, and died, full of years, 1851. The relatives of Car dinal Wiseman for many years were resident at Seville, where they were merchants of high standing and wealth. He himself, when he was little more than five years old, was sent to England. He arrived at Portsmouth January 1st, 1808, in the Melpomene frigate, Captain Parker, and was sent, while still very young, to a boarding-school at Waterford. In March, 1810, he was transferred thence to St. Cuth bert's College, Ushaw, near Durham, where lie re mained until 1818. In that year he obtained leave to quit Ushaw College for Rome, where he arrived in December, and became one of tlie first members of the English College recently founded there. In tho next year he had the honour of preaching before the then Pope Pius VII., and having pursued with dili gence the usual course of philosophical and theo. logical studies, he maintained a public disputation on theology, and was created a Doctor in Divinity July 7th, 1824, when he had not. yet completed his twenty-second year. In the following spring he received Holy Orders, and in 1827 was named Pro fessor of Oriental Languages in the Roman Univer sity, being then Vice- Rector of the English College, and was ultimately promoted to the Rectorship in the year 1829. He bad already distinguished him self, not merely as a theologian, but also as a scholar, for in 1827 he composed and printed a learned work, entitled Horte Syriacte, chiefly drawn from Oriental MSS. in the library of the Vatican. Dr. Wiseman returned to England in the year 1835. In 1840 the late Pope Gregory XVI. increased the number of Vicar-Apostolics in England from four to eight, and Dr. Wiseman was appointed Coadjutor to the late Bishop Walsh, then Vicar-Apostolic of the Midland District, and at the same time was elevated to the Presidentship of St. Mary's College, Oscott, near Birmingham. In 1848, on the death of Bishop Griffiths, Dr. Wiseman became Pro- Vicar- Apostolic of the London District, and subsequently was nomi nated Coadjutor to Dr. Walsh, cum jure successionis, on the translation of that Prelate to London. Bishop Walsh survived his translation but a short time, and on bis death in 1849 Bishop Wiseman succeeded him as Vicar-Apostolic. In August, 1850, Bishop Wiseman was summoned to Rome by the present Pope Pius IX., who, on the 29th September in that year, issued his Apostolical Letter, re-establishing the Catholic Hierarchy in England ; at the same time his Holiness issued a Brief, elevating Dr. Wiseman to the Archiepiscopal dignity. In a private Con sistory, held the following day, the new Archbishop was raised by the Sovereign Pontiff to the dignity of a Cardinal Priest, the ancient Church of St. Pudcntiana being selected by him as his title. His Eminence is the seventh Englishman who has been elevated to the hat of a Cardinal since the period of the Reformation, bis predecessors in this respect being Cardinal Pole, Cardinal Allen, Cardinal York, Cardinal Weld, and Cardinal Acton. The Ejipbror and Empress of France at Mass. — The Emperor and Empress of the French, on their recent visit to England, when in the Isle of Wight drove to Newport, and heard Mass in the Catholic church there. Their Majesties were ac companied by Count Persigny and Count Walewski, in one of the Queen's carriages, which was drawn by four light greys. They were followed (in a second carriage, drawn by four dark greys) by the Princess d'Essling, the Countess Walewski, General Rollin, and General Fleury. Tlie cortege arrived at the church about half past eleven o'elock, and was re ceived by the Rev. T. Fryer and the clergy and acolytes. The church, which is dedicated to Saint Thomas of Canterbury, is a plain neat building, capable of containing 300 persons ; and on either side of its organ are suspended the national flags of Great Britian, which were presented to the chapel by the Father of her Majesty the Queen, his late Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, on the occasion of the Peace festivities in 1815.— The Rev. Abbe Miot, French Priest of St. Mary's, Chelsea, who is staying by accident at Newport, sang mass, and in troduced a prayer for the Emperor and his family. — The congregation was a very crowded one, and con sisted for the greater part of Protestant inhabitants of the town of Newport, amongst whom was the mayor of the borough. The service terminated a few minutes before twelve o'clock ; and both upon the entrance and departure of the imperial couple holy water was presented to them by the Rev. Mr. Fryer. On leaving, their Majesties entered the royal phae ton, and drove back to Osborne, where they arrived about one o'clock. Before doing so, however, his Majesty directed General Fleury to leave a douceur in the hands of Mr. Fryer, in the shape of a l.OOQf. billet de banque, to be applied to such purposes rs that reverend gentleman might think proper. The Emperor looked in vigorous, almost robust health. Her Majesty the Empress was more pale than usual, but beautiful and interesting. His Grace the Archbishop of Tuam visi ted Joyco Country, andaftor Massheaildressod tlio congregation. On tho following day ho adminis tered tho Saoramont of Confirmation in the parish of Cong to 400 individuals. Many of those were very young, and before receiving tho Sacratnont his Grace cxaminod thorn in tho Christian Doctrine. Ho then congratulated tho parishioners on tho noblo stand made by them aguiust those who laboured iu vain to seduce them from thoir faith. Ho then called upon thoin to persevere in their religious habits, and to placo themselves under tho patronage of tlio Immaculate Mother of God, and to slrivo to imitate daily her virtuo3. Conversion. — Lioutenant Charles Ed ward Blissstt, R.N., has been received at the hands of the Uev. Mr. Beausang, R.O.C., into the Church, in which, ho departed this' life, aged sixty-throo years, .having mado tho usual abjuration of Pro testantism, and homo his protracted and painful illness in a Bpirit of truly Christian resignation. Ho died of discaso of tho heart, which induced dropsy. Ho was an Englishman, and for some time a prisoner of war in the hands of the French, from whom h» must have loarnod how to rospoot tho Roman Catholic religion. Of his privato character it is not too muoh to say, that he was ox tromuly amiable, highly honourable, chatable, and humane. — Cork Examiner. The ' Meatii People.' — A new journal bearing this title, has been established at Navan. Three numbers of it have been already published j and if we are to take them as a guarantee for the futuie, the People may be considered as one of the ablest of the provincial press. We hail the increase of journalism in Ireland, as evidence of the in creased prosperity and intelligence of the people ; and with such signs before us, we cannot but hope for the future of our country j that she will be u nation in the essential meaning of the term. — Drogheda Argus. Tub Ladius and the Divorce Bimi. — Up to Friday, August 14, 10,000 signatures of the women of England had been attached to the address to tho Queen against the Divorce Bill, and fresh signatures were being daily added to the declaration to be presented by one of the Peers. Tho potition to parliament from certain ' freeholders and inhabitants of Ulster,' denouncing the reappointment of Mr. F. C. lleers, alias Leslie, to the Commision of the Peace fur the County of Down, after his dismissal, subsequent to the outrage at Dolly's Brae, praying for an investigation into tho cause of this restoration, and soliciting the removal of all persons from tho roll of Justices for the Peace who appear to be connected with ob noxious societies, has been numerously signed ; but is not to be presented till next session. — Northern Whig. , 