€jje Cmtnfrtj. ' Tub JIount Maciiuaiue JIukdeb. — Mr. Chief Coi.* stable 31 'Fadden of the Careoar Police, has succeeded in working up another important pieco of evidence against Addison Jlitehol, who now lies in gaol under committal. for the murder of William Ablett. Amongst the articles found in the possession ol the prisoner wben apprehended, was a watch bearing tho maker's name nnd number, in. both which particulars, as well us the geneiai description, it perfectly corresponds with tho description given of a watch by the brother-in-law of tho unfortunate ? deceased, which the latter had in his possession when ho left Sydney for the gold-fields. Tlio evidence therefore is now as complete as circumstantial evidence well can be. , The bones found amongst the decayed embers of tho firo : near tho Grabine road by Messrs. JI'Fadden and Grant, hava been brought to Bathurst nnd examined by Dr. Jl'Hattie, who has no difiiculty in recognising them as the - bones of a human being. There is therefore a strong probability of one of the most cold-blooded murders which ever disgraced the Western Districts, being irrcmovably fixed upon tho perpetrator. — llathurst Free 1'ersi, Jan 10. Tin: Missi.so Cokstaiu.i:. — The body of the unfor tunate William Harthill, who was drowne'd whilst attemp- . ting to cross the Lewis Ponds Creek, on the 8th ultimo;-: was found on the following Friday, by tlireo diggers, who ; had been searching for it from tho time of the accident, under a rock in the creek below tho Ophir police barracks. The same day a magisterial enquiry was held on the re mains, and a vexdiet returned of accidentally drowned. In consequence of tbo decomposed state ' of the body, Jlr. Finnerty had it buried in the neighborhood im mediately aftei wards. A subscription has been set on foot to remunerate tho diggers, who were iu straightened - circumstances, and it nt present uniouuts to £40. — Ibid. ? — The IIakvkst. — Hands ior harvesting purposes .aro rnusally scarce this season, nnd Bathurst is almost daily ns neked lor reapers by farmers from the surrounding country, but in many cases unsuccessfully. We nre told, but we' know not with what truth, that there nre hundreds of ncres of ripe wheat oil and iu the neighborhood of George's l'lains wanting reapers, ns harvesting operations, aro fast drawing, to a close hereabouts, thoso employed in them will find ready and remunerative emidovmenf in iliat direction — Ibid. Skeleton Found. — A day or two since the remains of ? a man were found on a mountain track lending from Snowy Creek to Omeo, about seventeen miles from the latter place. Tho greater portion of tho flesh had been torn from tho bones by tho wild dogs, and tho body was in such a decomposed state aw to proeludo all possibility of identification. Death had apparently taken place about three weeks previously to the finding' of the body, but we have heard no report of nny person being missing from the Mitta Jlitta diggings or elsewhere. There seems reason to believo tbat the deceased met with foul play, for the clothes wero lying a few yards from the body, anil the Dockets were completely empty. There were no «i'ns of any camp fire having been lighted, and the skeleton was p lying at the base ofa lofty range. — Hol der Post, Jan. 10j I , A Dry Sf.MMEit. — The ibis, that harbinger of a hot I , summer, has entered ail appearance on the banks of tho P| Murray. — Ibid. p| Death or Mn. Vivnns, or King's Pi.aiks, bt Poison. — Many of our readers among the older residents in the dis- ' |? triet will regret to learn tbat Mr. W. Vivers of King's j® Piains, New England, lias been killed by poison. It appears that on the 1st of January, in the evening, Mr. pi Vivers was amusing himself by weeding up some Bathurst burr plants, not far from his house, when he was taken suddenly ill, and was nssisted to the house, nnd his nephew, Jlr. Thomas Vivers, sent for. Jlr. Vivers found ?' his uncle as if labouring under nil apoplectic fit, breathing hard, and gieatly oppressed. He immediately scntofftwo' , men on horseback for medical assistance, nnd endeavored to apply what remedies ho could himself. In a few minutes Jlr. Vivers, senior, partially recovered, but was still brentli ino- bard, 'and apparently much oppressed ; and in ten inin-, utes aftei wards he was taken wnrso nguin, and expired almost immediately. During the wholo time he appeared sensiulo, but terriuty oppresseu. j lie nouy commenced « to tnrir color very toon nfter death. No medical man,' f from the great distance of course reached the house till i long after death. All inquest was held on the body by f Mr. Join) JPCrossin, J. 1'., the next dav, when Dr. Dtiigan I made n post moreton examination, bur informant was I present lit tho 'inquest-, but does not remember the exact K medical evidence. It was to tho effect that death was r causod by poison. The only light that could then bo thrown on this was tbat Jlr. Thomn* Vivers deposed that, | on his asking him if ho had taken anything that could | causo so sudden un illness, said ho had taken n »eidlilr I powder, nnd feared he must havo swallowed something 5 injurious in mistake. Tho verdict was tint Jlr. Vivers's j 'death was occasioned by poison but whether taken by liiui- - self accidentally, or administered by others persons, tbero was no evidence to show.— Maitland Mercury, 1 Tin: WisATiinii. — Tub Citoi's. — With the exception o$ ?yesterday (u bright sunny day) tho weather sinco our ln»& litis been' cloudy, and threatening rain, A few showers have lnllen, :but liotsufjioiently heavy to do nutelr injury ? co the crops. Heaping has re- commenced, and it is to ba hoped 'that fino weather, may continue until it is owr. The wheat crop is heavy ; in numerous instances a yield of forty bnsbols per acre is considered certain. Chinese Immior ATtor;. — 'SVitlrin tlio Inst rw dAri somo hundreds of Cefo'stials have piisfd throWgh GoWlbnrn, en route.hr the Ovens. Otir jalloir vi»*ged friends havo been wandering through tlio str«el» in (wrtios to the amazement ol' the townsfolks, who lmvo been not a littlo l bv t.hn nuccr dross, Btr.mgo demeanor, and uniii tellWhle language of their singular YisitnnU Hie stoics fj{ have* cleared out not # smatl quantity of rice, ihe nrnss ? 0f {]10 men appeared to bo under the control of ft selret. £?'? fen. of their countrvmeu— Chinese bosses, who having nmun'cil nionev, have' imported this ' shipment' to work for them nt the mines. . . They travel overland to tho Ovens to avoid tho £10 poll tux imposed by tho Victoria.! Government nt the sea porta. — Goulburii Chronicle, I'unbkai. Service. — On Sunday last tlio Tier. S Rabone. from Sydney, preach'cd two. sermons in tho Wos levan Chujiel, Goulbnrn : in .tlio morning from the 9th i~-} mid 10th verses of tho 7th chapter of Revelations, and in ; tho evening from tho book of Job, 14th chapter and 10th !?/:? verse Man dieth, and wustel.h uwav : yen, man givcth up the ghost, nnd where is he ; ' The latter service (de -?fr~ ginned to improve tho death of the Into Rev. Benjamin Hurst) wan most impressive. '1 he clmpol was crowded «'? to excess and about fifty persons stood outside. After f ' the sermon, tt most interesting and instructive memorial j ; of Jlr. Hurst's last days oil earth was read from the pul pit nnd listened to with great attention by the coiiure V gation. These servires and the melancholy ovent which i occasioned them will not soon be forgotten, bnt long will tlio memory of their lato minister be cherished by his bereaved people. — I hid. ... | A Man Drowned on G.ostwvck. — On tho 1st inetant, n magisterial enquiry was held at the Gostwyck liead ! station, by 1'. .1- Murkham, Esq., J.P., touching the death of a man named William Tolly. From the evidence given, it appears thnt on the 30th December deceased had attempted to cross tho Co-twyek Creek (which was then much swollen bv tho late rains) on horseback, his lr..thcr being behind on tho paino horse. V- hen about 1ml f- wny across, the horse stumbled and tho current rolled him quite over. Deceased wns carried down tho ?tream, but his brother fortunately succeeded in gaining the bank in safety. Deceased rose several times to tho surface, in the m'iddle of the deep and rapid stream, but 4': ; before assistance could be rendered the poor fellow hud 7 ' ;? .'gunk, to rise no more. — Armidale Express, Jan. 13. i v i; 'Fatal Accident. — We regret to annoniieo the death !.5s? -of Mr. John Chase, of Sugar Loaf station. He was i-'-M -drowned in tho river during a heavy flood, a littlo above if-) his own house, early on the mowing of New Year's Day, i f-! in attempting to crass to a sheep station. Every exor : ' i, tion wns made to vceover his remains, which were not j found till the third instant.. He has left a wife with five } J young children to deploro their loss. Jlr. Chase was i inucb respected by nil who knew him, aud on the sad I f j informatidi of iliis death reaching Armidnle, a general ; expression of regret and sympathy was elicited. — Ibid' 