LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. Visit of the Governor to the Port.—His Excellency paid the Port a visit yesterday afternoon, and proceeded down the river in the tender Blanche. Collision IN THE Gulf.—The White Swan, steamer, hence, ran into the schooner Agnes yesterday morning, under rather peculiar circumstances, and from Captain Welsh's report, we glean the following parti cularsIt appears the Agnes was engaged during the day in beating down the gulf against an adverse wind, and on reaching Cape Jervis, the strong tide running against her down the passage, induced the Captain to come to single anchor. On the anchor being down, a light was hoisted, and a watch set. At about 1 o'clock en Tuesday morning, the watch on deck saw the steamer coming towards them, and hailed her; but in a short time after, the steamer struck the schooner on the port side of the stem, head, carrying away bowsprit, jibboom, head of fore-top gallant mast, cutwater, and part of stem, which . all went overboard and were lost. The timber port was knocked in, and all her upper works started, but the pumps being sounded, she was found not to be making much water. The steamer rounded to and came back, when Captain McHeikan asked in a considerate manner, what damage had been sustained r If the steamer had struck the schooner a few feet further aft, she must have foundered at once, but fortunately, no lives were lost, nor any one injured. East Torrens.—The Revision Court was held at the Globe Inn, Kensington, on the I9th inst, before Messrs Fenn (President), Hamilton, and Gilbert. Forty-four fresh claimants were admitted for the Upper House,' and thirty-five for the Lower. Their names were entered on the respective Rolls.. Several persons who had been objected to by the Returning Officer had their names struck off the Rolls. Erratum.—In onr report of the proceedings of the Corporation, on Monday last, it is stated that six water-carriers had taken out licenses. It should have been sixty. New Crane at Levi's Wharf.—The Port has long been in want of a new crane for raising heavy weights from vessels' holds. This much required con venience is at length' in course of erection on Levi's Wharf, which, when completed, is calculated to raise fifteen tons at a thirty-six feet sweep. It is one of Fox, Henderson, & Co.'s patent derrick cranes, and, under the superintendence of Mr Mockridge, will be finished in about a fortnight. Victoria Wheat.—A Brighton correspon dent informs us that he has just received a letter from a former neighbour, at present engaged in rural affairs in the vicinity of that singular locality called Bacchus Marsh, a fine agricultural spot, formerly occupied by the waters of a large lake, which has accomplished its own drainage, and is now the site of active farming operations. He writes, that the weather has been re markably wet this Christmas, which circumstance has tended to increase the prejudice that has prevailed in Victoria against the reaping machine, the old European sickle' being preferred, owing to the climaturc. He states the crops to be very good, but adds, what will be read by our country renders with peculiar satisfaction, that " wages are far too high to allow of any competi tion in wheat with Old Adelaide.'' The difference thus created between the prime costs of the Adelaide and Melbourne wheat is, of course, a matter of considera with the farmer and merchant here, but it is very ques tionable whether it be worth the working man s while to encounter the risk and eost of n voyage to Mel bourne, and then a journey into the interior, for the sake of sdme additional wages, in a country where the necessaries and conveniences of life are.not obtained but at a much greater cost than in South Australia. Catholic form of Confession and absolu tion.—The Deuttehe Volksblatt informs us of the deci sions of the Conference of Dresden, held in May last, at which were represented the Protestant communions of Saxony, Bavaria,- Wnrtemburg, and many other German States. The necessity of re-establishing private confession and absolution was agreed upon. 'Pk« ^AAi'ainna r\f tltn Pnnfnranoa oro oontainprl in twenty-three articles, from which we quote the fol lowing remarkable passages:—" Article 13. To ensure success iu re-establishing the use of regular confession and absolution, a commencement must be made by the introduction of private absolution, and the restoration of the practice of refusing absolution. Article Id. The pastor has the right of -withholding absolution from such as profess heretical doctrines (doctrines auda cietuei), or contrary to the Gospel, or if they refuse to be converted." Hay, more. A form of concession and absolution has been agreed upon. The absolution is pronounced in the following form:—" Almighty God have mercy upon you; and by .the authority of our Lord Jesus Christ, ! absolve yon from all your sins, in the name of the Father, ana of the Son. and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Go in peace. Amen.' • —Englith Paper. 