. #rigTOaiI FACTS. SCRAPS. & COAIMENTARIES. BY A AIAN IN. THE" BUSH. To the Editor of the Yass Courier. Sir, — Tho numerous occupations of a coun try life at this season, will bo a sufficient excuse for my interval of silenco. I now seize tlio oiinortiuiitv afforded by half-nn- liour's leisure, to 'send you a few-Bcriips, Jsc. Appearance or tiie Country.— Hardly three weeks ltavo passod siuco I wrote you last, and yet to tho eye of a stranger tlio country seems to boar traces of thrdo month's course of time over its surfaco at least. The grass, every where so abundant, and there so fresh and green, is now fast becoming dry and brown ; indeed, in mJiny places already, for miles together, the eye of tho travollor is 11b longer relieved anil rofreshod by its cool genial infinene.'. The whuat is already in ear, and for the most jiart looking well, aid in many places beautiful and abundant. Great quantities of oaten hay have already bean stacked, arid whore the barley has baen left standing, it, too, is fust assuming tho brownish yellow which accompanies its ap proach to maturity. .. This cnuscs tlio general appearance in the change of tho country to cxtonil itself even to the cultivation paddock and the garden fence of the hut -and station. liy the way, I observe tho'coekatoos are com mitting extensive depredations 11)1011 the growing crops., In this very ingeiiius ago, cannot any plaii he hit upon for the whole sale destruction of a few thousands of these squatter's pests ? It strikes me that a kind of Cockatoo Aet. after the inoilfi of the Dog Act, whieh 1 am told lias been applied with such vigour in your town ship, might lie adopted for the special benefit of tlie bush population. A few thousand half-crowns invested in Cockatoo's head, might possibly prove as serviceable to the country at large as tlie same amount expended iu the opera- ti.iii oi ciir.-tiiilui/ the dorsal extremities of your poor unfortunate curs of the towns. Bush Fires.— It is desirable that your renders should have their attention directed to tlie great danger of lighting fires in tlie bush at this tsonsoir of the year, o.spo.iully now that the country is in the condition I have described above. It was lint the other (lay I came down upon n flat, iu which was situated a shepherd's hut, with tho hurdles, stakes, ifco., employed in folding the flocks. The whole, including' the wife nnd children of the shepherd, were nearly surrounded by lire, which was advancing with great ra pidity upon tlicm through the long dry grass which everywhere abounded. The poor woman and her children were almost ex hausted in their lint tlu with the furious enemy, but our united efforts were finally victorious, and thereby nronortv certainly. and perhaps even life, was saved. When fires iu the bush are once set going, no one knows where they will stop. I fear that notwithstanding all the caution wo inay ex ercise, such fires will be unusually numerous' this year; but personal interest adds its voice to crcy other consideration, suggestive of prudence and regard to this matter. A Batch of Servants. — Shearing for tho most part being over, and the hay in a very forward state of " getting up," most of those whoso circumstances ami engagement ad mit of an annual trip to Sydney, are now be ginning to talk of, and anticipate that event. I have licen somewhat surprised to find that amongst other commodities whieh are con sidered inilispcnsiblc, there should he in cluded, amongst their nniii'.l "supplies," a luucn 01 servants : usi e.ns mat compara tively few of the servants engaged either in Sydney or Melbourne, are found willing to renew" their engagements and remain in the bush ; or at least to remain as servants in ' the hush. Why is this? I know that imioli may be set down to tho score of I he, ease with which a sober and in hi.it.ious man' may' better his condition, an. I the facility afforded — (alas 1 that I mu..t say it)— a sober and in dustrious woman of committing matrimony, that very general failing of the box, from whiih tho servant is no less exempt than her mistress. Still I can't help thinking, that much of the difficulty, both of getting and keeping servants, is the occasional illtrcat- ineiit to which somo are here and there sub ject, Would it serve any useful purpose, I could give you instances in whieh even " worshipful"1' J.l'.'s have been convicted and lined for wanton nnd cruel breaches of those hv-laws, whieh alike their oaths ami interest, require thein to honour and enforce! Here and there, too, oven men and their wives, are found preferring rather to sacrifice six or eight month's wages than to remain longer in a servitude they have declared to bo " un bearable." 1 hope and lielievo these are the exceptions to tlio general rule; still it is easy to see the elleet of even one such in stance being reported in Sydney or Mel bourne by a returned servant, and indus triously circulated among l.is fellows. There would. dnuhtless, be less necessity for an an nual batch, of servants if such instances were oven loss rare than they are. The Land Question. — 1 must not con- elude without just a word upon tliis subjeetr What iii to become of it? Wo havo waited a long time for tho " final settlement" of this quostion ; but really 1 begin to think we are as far from it as ovor. As to the 'present bill, it seems to give satisfaction to none, and as far as I have been able to gather the opinion of tho district with re gard to it, that opinion may ho pretty accu rately sununcdTip in. the language used in the Council— " It is ton bail for u blessing; too good for a curse." Even tlio. class whom tlio proposed reduction in the upset price is avowedly designed to serve, declare that 'the'y have never complained of paying a pound an acre ; but what they have complained, anil do complain of, is the extreme dilliculty of getting land at all, many having waited one, two, or even three years till their means nnd patience have been alike anil together ex hausted. If the Orders in Council at present in force were faithfully anil impartially car ried out, and a little additional life thrown into the .circuinhiuutiuu department of tiie ollieo below, so that the country, might, lie delivered from the disgrace of having large blocks of land applied, oven surveyed, and then left for twelve months without being brought to the required auction, I think for some time' yet at feast we might spare our legislators the mortification of displaying their inability to grapple "with this subject, for incapable they undoubtedly are. . 'The various anil discordant elements included in the list__of_tho-majority which has just com mitted, the bill to the" tender mercies of the " eommitteo," can never hold together long enough to secure its third rending. Ilcnee, in my humklo opinion, tho present bill nt least id — all- its small and all its: large-talk. . notwithstanding — doomed to proclaim - itself " a delusion, a mockery, and a snare " nnd — to give up the ghost. IIOAIO. 