PERSO.N'.VTIN'G A GHOST.-DEATH FllOtt HtlOHT. Au invertiestinn it.ok place at Qreen. lit 1 Ijir.p, near Alfreion, ii January las', touching the death of Robert Mitchell, agricultural labourer, aged fifiem yearn, the «on of Joseph Mi'c'iel, who died from the effect* of frig.it. T.ie deceaoed was a healthy intelligent lad, and u«f-d to work with hiafutber in the fitld*. He had been in the hubit nach ni^ht frr abiut a forl nitrht past, after leaving his work at five 'o'clockin the eveninr, to gi frjm Mb. ?Flint's, ,whe'e he and his parent lodgi-dr to' the far ri house of Mr. Diy, at Roliy Field), near Alfreton, for milk. Tliede. ceased and hisfatherworked for; Mr; Diy tin JralnjnffltheJjindiu.i.Mr.i.Day .had ? two ipJrVaol Ud% one' named ; J uh i Percival r twenty ye-rs of apf',nnd the other I--aao ' Hudson, fifteen years of a^c On Mondty eveuinvf, about a q-inrter to six , o'clock. Robert Mitchell, the deceased, ctme a* usntlfort'ie milk,nn 1 s-oppjd till between fl'Ven ard einht o'clock;: M'. . and Mrs. 'D»y, Ptjrciral, Huls in, nnd ihe deceased, were the only persons in ihe; hn-i-e, nnd ,tellin(t talcs about sortn«. knock* tnnt they hnd.beeri fiUhtened -?'Jvi.lii. ,: Peroival and Hbdson arranged: together, unknown to Ihe dece*sfd, ihat they iiliiitil.l play the '(j'riost.1; I- was agreed tliu Perclval s'tbuld lake a white lalilec'o h aiid 'put ii over him, ani stand-in a cloaa riot far frb-n the bon»o and: Hud-ion was to conduct 'the', deceased to tho placr, arid pieiend to bs- frightened »hrn he (Hiidson) *i-w Peroival with the sheeton. - i About half pant . sereii o'clock Perciyil ','calle'il '.Hudson Vorit .and said he w»^ ready, f II j;;hiid;ar white;; ;tnb!ep!oih under his arm, and he told Hudinn to ' foUoiv him with the deceased shoit'y after, Iifiboil ten min'ntfs or a q larter of an hour af er this II idJon to k thu deceased nut;; of Mr.;Diy'i- h-j-isj, and Hudson told the docea^ed that -he would go tvitli him to MriiFlintViwhrre he lod.-cd. They went tou'etl.er. along the footpath across the field in; iha; .'direction. After they had i;ot; about: 12i):j aflii from Day's hnuse, Iladson raw Pi-rcivilwi h the lah'e-cloth him.;- Il'itlsnn FaM, 'Link, Robert, whnt'alhat ' 1.' 'Ddcea'ed smd, ?' Xithing, w»me along.'.'. jPerrival,-41 Ihe, ghost,' was Ihn a'iout fo t)- . vat d - from ih-in. Hud. lin and. deceased ;thi-n went on further tititil they came nitMn seven or ei^ht yards' ' i)fjtheijhp«U;'Hjf!s-in feigned a sireaii, arid the iihbftwaViPtand'ng by the style, which they bad to pass o\er. Tlip'.hoit' then rooved:«bout;a Vnrd %nd a htlf hehi-i-l (brstile. , ;n.'ceas*(l stoud mil, and Faid ^fJack.' .'There Av a* no miniver mid IIu I. B0irrun;«iid;id;hirnfelf behind a Iiee in ths h/caie.:;I)iT-!i*e'l.;,»i'ritup lo Ihe stilr, ami f!W*.£ 'f-]L*c*c*.#.ik ^sicboritl time. There w.is no , an»Wer, and. 'decea--ed went oipr ll.e' ?tileVVwhen-Pereival mnde a noist liken *oao,_ hut after wnrds Pjroivnl threw off his diiguise; b'it tlip decciwed wis much terrified, and -went home, and arrived thrre about -ij{htb'clbbk with the milk.. He *as Vail of a 'tremble,' looked white, and ?.?rfd- wildly^an'd on hping interrogaled by his, fither, related what had occurred, thntiRh he did. not believe it wis the ser v\nt,manPerciyal;nnd he,cr-u!d not ac cqnnt h-w , he 'got; h»mt. The ' deceased grew worse; and raved in his bed about whit had happened, nnd he died on Fri day eveniniN : Mr. Belcher, surgeon, said he beli.!VHd de.illi to hi\e resulted from exhans'ion occasioned by a shock on the nervQiis sistem, which he hid received on the; previous-Monday evening. After sbnievdeliberitibril th» jury returned a verdict of ;'.Mansrarii;hterV asrainst Perci yal, who was committed to tho assizes. ? Times; ~: ;: *? »,. ?i- AWKSTEitKifiouriTiiCKNK'— Jolfre- P.— , ?nf' Missouri, irns in'many- rcspocts a.' roTiarkubls man.;,: Ho stood sii foot t»o inrhes in hontt, ,anr|. wains fund of n, frolic as the most ratling lirl in «h« co-intry. Ha could drink more :itqior.'. lift a boafier bai; of moil, and pliy a .better game of 'poker' ihsn any mnn In his ci'Cait. ;TlifiendrnirAblor|unliflcntior,», ofconrso randcrod him Iho most popular jurl-'o nn lbs bench In hit diilrict. Yet hn nercr last bii rlisnlly while on ths baneh Tliero ho was storn , haajhtf. and dlgniflor!. Th^ lean approach lo familiarity whilt ho was sitting in court, wat always retonted with * fine, »nd so-no'fmes by imprisontient. Wall, it fnpiienerl ona liny ;whil» lidirai hoMing eonrt. that Jfr D«w*on bury, a roni(h-lookinr;. hut ind»prmlrnt cm tomer. came into the rnurt-rnnm wiih hit hat on his haa'l. ThU Iha jurlgo eon»iderocJ a Rrcat indignity ' oiTered to iho court, and forth wi'h ordered Mr. Djwianbury to tak« off Ins h%(. To this Mr. ' Duwrenbury paid no attsntion, which beine ohsorred l.y his honor, who acain discorrrerl this 'most incor- ? rlclhle' ttanrting wiih his hnt on his hpaJ, ho erloJ .oa', 'Take tint man1* h'af off'1 Tha sher (T approached, and, ropoatert iha'comhund ..Of the conn. 'I, an bald,' saH Mr; Dewsn bary, 'anrl enn't comply.' ? You 'can't !' ox cUimed the ju-ipe. 'voxing ari(;ry,' th«n I will (ilia yon five ilollan for contempt of eonrt. ' 1 What's that- yon say, judije ?' ropliod Mr D^wt-nlmry, as ha wnlkal deliberately up to 'tha jo iKu'mta id 'I say that I fine, you flvo dol Ur« for contempt of court.' ' V^ry well.'siirl Mr DjwMnbu-y. ashorsr fully pat his hand into hi* packet and pulloij out a fif'y cent P'O'o. ? very well, hero's the money.' handing tht jiirlijo tha lialfilollar, ' this squares ns jinlge. Xoo owed me four dollars and » hilf when w» qoittorl plnyinjr pokor 1st niuht, and th* Imlf makes n3 e»en ? The b«r rotrcd, tho crowd smiled. Mid tho chip fallon judge pocketed his -h*n)ze without uttering o word —Cjli/ornian 'Ohronie'.t. Thb Od-sb.— Of all imported birds the blacks have, a con-empt (or tho rooso onlv pnintinf; their fingers at it they exclaim, ' No good 1 loo much rahber.' KcmoRniKAitT Ca-« op Murdke.— Tho coircspnndent of the Rallaarat Times,. writing rrom Buuiayongr under ttuio 9'.h April, details l»i eridonce in parl tskoij Li-foro tho coronet's jury at tine township in n cj»o of murder rr contly commilted . I he person charfjod ? ith ths off-pue wai deiectol, It appears, in iho net of buryinfr Ins »iotim ali»o in a detcrted hole, having fits-t truck him tarn or throe hlows with n pi knio. The inquiry stood niljonrnce to tha 16tli init. for the piodnction of additional ovi danno. 