South Australia. The following letters from our South Aus tralian correspondents were received per Champion : — Adelaide, March 23, 1857. The news I have to communicate is but trifling, at least to West Australian ears. Notwith standing the miffhtv onslaught made bv the Register on the ' Politics' of Swan River, I hope that this will find the old colony standing where it used. How could West Australians be so blind to their own interests as to object to the market in their own colony being glutted with South Aus tralian flour P Bat, it is true, great noise was made on the publication oi the acceptance of the tender for tbe supply of Swan Biver timber for the railroad down here. So at last poor old Swan has her revenge. Flour has again risen to-day from £13 to £14 per ton ; such rise is a mere market dodge, bush els of wheat can be bought for cash at 4/6. A terrific fire occurred on Sunday, March 15, in the middle of Hindley-street, doing damage to the amount of £15,000, and the fire is not (now) out yet. Owing to the news being so scant with us, I am compelled to give you the result of my ?pin- ions on what constitutes the real state of the dolonv, instead of a nroner couioendmm of occur rences, as should be found in a newspaper corres pondent. The harvest has turned out well this season, although much complaining occurred at one pe riod from fear of damage arising from high winds for about ten days past, just at the period that the corn was coming into ear. Flour is low, the quotations being £12 to £15, bags included. With reference to farming, and the method in which it is carried on here, although there are, doubtless, many instances to the contrary, much cannot be said in praise of it. The latter end of January I made a pedestrian journey from the capital to the Burra mine, a distance of some 100 miles, and, making it my business to examine things, I found that the farmers of the Swan, especially in the eastern districts, were far before their Southern brethren in that part of this pro vince. The crop was principally cut by reaping machines, and, either from some defect in the management of the machines, or from whatever cause it arose, I am certain that a heavy loss oc curred to the farmer, as when I examined the heaps of corn they were treading out with bullocks on the ground where it was cut, I found in every instance that the ' tailing' consisted of a large proportion of wheat spoilt by being bruised or crushed, as though it had passed through a mill for the purpose. By using the machine also, the whole ot the strawis wasted, as the machine merely cuts the ears off, leaving the stalks standing. These after harvest are burned,' between such hours as are fixed by the various district Councils, thus causing a loss of good fodder for bullocks, and doing very little good to the land, as com pared .to what the manure would if other wise applied do to the land. This, however, is aH the manure the land gets, and it is not surprising, therefore, that those who have pur chased these sections from land agents on credit are unable to meet the claims on them, and that those who rent on a right to purchase take ad vantage of the little cash the first good crop gives him to quit the colony for Melbourne. The land regulations of the colony also, (or rather the plan on which land is obtained by new settlers and intending farmers), are sreatlv behind those of Western Australia. The whole available land of the colony may be said to be entirely in the hands of land-jobbers and agents, who, though doubt less exercising a perfectly legitimate calling, still, naturally having a greater regard for their own profits than public or colonial interests, make the best and keenest bargains they can. It is all bat useless for a private individual to put up land for sale at the Government auction, or to attend for the purpose of purchasing, for he will be sure of being outbidden. There are no ^facilities of ac quiring small blocks of land here as at the Swan auth a frontage right, nor does there exist here such a great/anility to persons of small capital to obtain land as is offered by the system of Ul lage Lease, a* in the Swan; and which system, though underrated to a certain degree with you, I am confident only requires to become more ge nerally known here and in 'victoria to draw many - emigrants to you—especially of that class the settling down of which in Western Australia would be one of the greatest benefits that could possibly accrue to the colony — I mean of the Germans, whose knowledge of the cultivation of the vine and manufacture of wine -would be just what you want. If it could be arranged, I think the Go vernment would be doing a very proper thing in disseminating as much as they could in other colo nies by some means or other a better description of the country, (more especially as I have when talking on the subject with respectable and other wise well-informed individuals had my word doubted, and almost received the lie direct for saying that the sand district of the colony only extended some 20 miles inland, and that the best dairy farms in the colony were on this sand, and that barley and other crops could be growu on it) and a knowledge of these favourable points in the land regulations of Western Australia than at present exist From many conversations with the Cornish and Welsh settlers at the Buna, (and who only remain there long enough to scrape together a little capital), and in which conver sations I explained to them as well as I was able the real state of things in Western Australia, and all that I have seen and heard amongst the work ing agricultural men here, many would leave this for the Swan. Not that for a moment that I am an advocate for the plan too often used of decrying one colony to advance another, but because I am certain that, if the price of wheat continues so low as at present, and large and expensive public works are not carried out to an extent that will plunge the colony for some years to come into a sea of debt, the working man, with nothing to depend on but the labour of his hands, and whose comiag-«rop is hypothecated for the pur chase of his land or the payment of his store keeper's account (and which is the general case), there Is no great hope for him in South Ans tralia. As ;to the capabilities of the soil there is no doubt, but this is an unfortunate season for hor ticulture here. I came here on the 7th January, and we have hardly had six hours rain since ; consequently the grapes shown at the grand South Australian Show, in Vdirnanr last moro finr very far inferior to those I have seen exhibited in Perth; the peaches would not be saleable, and altogether the crop of all kinds of fruit, ex cept apples and pears, and of all vegetables, is a complete failure. I have not seen one cabbage since I have been in the colony. Some of the apples and pears (the latter especially) were, how ever, splendid specimens, and of delicious flavour. The melons are also a failure. In nothing, however, do I notice such a differ ence between South and West Australia as in the absence of timber trees on the waste land. For 20 miles round the Burra, save a few stumps of white gum some two feet high, not a tree is to be seen, but their absence is explained by their being required for fuel at the works ; but even round Adelaide, round Gawler Town and Salisbury (and what in other districts I will not pretend to say,) the fencing round the sections will not keep any thing out, horse or cow, determined to enter, and who choose to look strong at it. Often it was only tops, the shipped branches of the gum trees, and where there were palings or posts and rails, they had been carted from Port Adelaide some distance, perhaps 50 miles, and imported there from Tasmania. Pity that you have not a saw mill or something of the kind, to be able to send here planks and other things that they do from New Zealand and Tasmania. The elections for the new Parliament have closed, so far as regards Hie House of Assembly or Lovrar House, the members of which are returned by all adults free from crime, and who have resided six months in the colony; that for the Legislative Council or Upper House, although over is not yet pnblished as all the returns are not yet sent in. Mr McDermot, I believe, was the first member of the Lower House elected, being returned for Flinders without opposition. The elections in Adelaide, and, in fact, all over the colony, went off very tamely ; not one half of those entitled to vote did, and little interest appeared to be felt by the mass of the com munity, although the ' little bill' incurred to carry them out comes very near £10,000 in expenses. I anticipate some very curious scenes occurring in the new Legislature. A Yankee adventurer, ' who fought in Mexico,' and came out here a surgeon to an emi grant ship, has been returned for Barossa. A Ions: and angry paper war has been raging between him and Mr G. Fife Angus, the landowner of the dstrict, from which it appears, that although the new M. H. A. is now called ? , such was not always his name ; and, from the numerous aliases he lays claim to, and admits as having borne, the public (I fancy he himself) is puzzled to tell what is his real cog nomen. However, he acknowledges having shot a man in America, and bolted to escape the consequence of his crime — and such a man has been returned a legislator in South Australia ! Another new member, Mr M ? elected for the Burra, was about a month previously expelled the Chamber of Commerce for something very like swindling! A black Indi vidual named Harvey, and who was formerly a groom, has been returned for Yatala. The Government are as strong as before the elections, and, in fact, stronger in public or election strength, that is, among the voters, as the latter being composed in the major part of working men, the hope of the undertaking of extensive public works draws their support. A criminal case in the Supreme Court has created some little sensation. A servant girl accused her master of rape; the master indicted the girl for per jury. Both cases were tried at tbe last sessions. The girl was tried first, and, although in her state ment in her defence there was a discrepancy sufficient to admit of a doubt, and which discrepancy was even alluded to by her counsel and palliated, she was ac quitted. The next day her master was tried, and then the discrepancy in her evidence of the previous day was absent, and she was as firm then one way as she had been the other the day before, evidently showing that she bad profited by the lessons of her attorney. The Judge (Boothby) therefore very pro perly stopped the case, and the jury assented to a verdict of not guilty against Dr Popham ; the master and the Judge very properly, I think, spoke some what sharply to the girl on her conduct. This hap pened just before the elections. The next day a great hullabaloo was made. Foster, the Editor of the Register, is a candidate for the' Upper House, and two or three more were friends of candidates likewise, and a great onslaught was therefore immediately made on poor Jndge Boothby. The Liberty of the Subject,— Trial by Jury — Magna Charta— all, all were gone to immortal smash. A monster meeting was held — an 'Indignation Meeting,' as it was cal led — a petition got op for the removal of Judge Boothby, and for some week or ten days the Register fired bis daily shot, and thus showed its editor's pa triotism and independence. The elections are over, and all is now at rest! Judge Boothby and Dr Popham are never mentioned; trial by jury is stall considered safe; the liberty of the subject is still free from invasion, and the smashed pieces of our broken great charter are apparently now rejoined. Some few ounces of gold have been extracted, from a quartz reef near tMnj^n^ and a machine for crushing has just been imported from Melbourne and erected in Adelaide, and which crushes quartz and assays the result gratis. Great hopes are entertained of an ad ditional source of labour and wealth being thus opened up. Amongst other mining items, I must not omit also to mention the discovery of a new and most extensive and rich copper mine, about 100 miles and easy of access from Port- Augusta, The for tunate discoverer is named Bull, and with Ms father (who is manager of Mr Osmond Gfllis's works, at Glen Osmond) and another have secured a lease of the section on which the lode lies, the wealth of which 68 almost fabulous. I must now conclude my rather long and rambling epistle in order to save the nuuL A.B.C. P. S. — The New Perseverance came in the week before last with masts sprung, other serious dama ges, and in such distress for (rant of provisions and water, though only 33 days/put, that they were, com pelled to speak a vessel gbitag out, and obtain a supply. She was overladen wits passengers and the Captain (Adams) was santeKmed before the Port authorities to answer a charge to that effect, bat before the time came, lie died, having been eick nearly all the voyage. The Lochinvar, with 53 passengers, came in all well on March 18. Since I wrote the paragraph respecting flour, the price of that article has rallied a little, end it is quoted at ja.4 to £16^i-ags^dnded. ~ .._ Another correspondent, and under the eame4ate writes: — 'Ton will see in the Register, March 21, a lose article on Swan Biver politics. Those colonies iri3» do not receive convicts are very much opposed to any portion of Australia being set apart as a penal eet tion of the conditional-pardon men will find their way to places where they are not liable to be recog nized. Tbe elections have terminated, and the houses will meet on the 9th proximo. The fiaUot made everything go off very quietly, and if it were only attended with that good result,! should hope it may may be continued. There seemed greatindifierence about the affair The Legislative Council or Upper House is pretty fairly selected, but there are two or three elected for the Lower Chamber, whose return does not reflect much credit on the constituencies; however I suppose this could aot he avoided at first and that; the electors may become more careful at a future period. There is very litde of interest stirring. Trade is dull, and people still leaving for die sold fields. Bents are falling, as many houses are un occupied — more than I can recollect seeing before. Unless the quartz-crashing produces some gooi ~~. result, I do not see what is to make the place eo a-head. J There was a large fire in Hindley-street a few days since, which burnt down &shops;,and would have done great mischief if the wind had not shifted. TheTiaujs will give up the ghost on 31st instant, and on tjje 1st April, a fitting day, will distribute its sheets gratuitously, and leave them at the houses, in. the hope that advertisements will pay— an impossibility, the same thing having been tried in larger places and utterly failed.' 