METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. \- - - (From the Liverpool Albion, ¡lau 4.) ' . Tho historio " intelligent foreigner," whom Tool supposed to bo always ruminating about Bull, hod need ba unusually intelligent to mako hoad or tail of to-day's proceedings in parliament. Country cousins will, of course, supposé the houso to have boon crowded, if not with mombors, at least with strangers to see tba new members sworn. Verdant hallucination I There i wero not nine auch persons present in the wholo'nine acres of stone and mortar constituting tho legislative j edifice ;'and those nina didn't look tho most distant rotations pf the three'tailors of Tooloy-street who spoko in- the name!of thoTpeople of Bogland. They wore nobodies,7 and they know it, and conducted Jhomselves i aooordingly. ' Those who ought to bo: somebodies, but \ who .ore;riot,| wera seo'mlngly-muob of the same opinion j as regardo'd' themselves, and exhibited a modesty quito wonderful . in fledgling M.'P.'s,* who'ara generally tho j veriest..i.penoooks_after, their senatorial ..hatchment. : Nothing oould well, be more dreary , and insipid than the {whola porformanoo. Instead of being tho solemn (ceremonial that might have been expected, it'was as tedious, .frivolous, vapid, and meaningless as if designedly framed to furnish an argument ' of 'potential ridicule to tho.promior in MB abolition of oaths' device, whereby >.he means atondo to let in the Jews and take tho wind out | pf the saila of Lord; John' in the same" hr on th.1' ' When a single member is sworn, what with tho'embarrassment of tba man himself, his procession up ' the. floor of tho house with'two friends, tho silence during at least a portion of, the formality, ; there; is a ¡certain' sort of impressiveness about tho matter. 'But when/ thirty men at a time eaoh take two feet squaro of pasteboard in hand,, and parrot forth a. verboso rigmarolo about tho theological tenets of the lato Duohess of Gloucester's great grandmother's oousin's aunt, tho Prlncoss Sophia, of preposterously apocryphal memory,1 the thing becomes too grotesque ; and if the unicorn ovor the Speaker's bhair wore half as lively an animal as might ba supposed. . from tho'comic* condition of his understanding his, horn, ought to fall off with laughter at stich a spsotnole.. : Ona. has beard of the figure of spoeoh about barbarians being 'Í baptised in platoons;" but Christiana being nffidavitod, in double and a half bakaru' dozens is a faot that trana-!1 conda the figaro, especially, na .HOroo bf tho shearers believe the others are foresworn, and'some moro believe that tho swearing itself is an iniquity equal to perjury, but are nevortholes9 compelled to swear. . AU thb.'swear-' ihg ia about the said Sophia. Had thora boon a'fln'ö',o'fj five shillings for every oath that combustible old lady hos been tho causo of, tho sum total would mako this flinty metropolis what Mayhew's novel says imaginative', rustics supposait to be-"Paved With .GoId."¡ , If .there, had been no Sophia tliore would have been no swearing ; and to think that .on ill-favoured. Hanoverian old vrow should have 'been tho causo of 'all 'these countless adjurations'is onongh to convert a follower of Penn into a Iporoupino with irritability." Sophia might, could, would, or should-have been tba'progenetrix of somebody who would, could, or should hayo been oj»Uod"James'tho Third; but as there was' nobody whom anybody so' called,, and as tho ' somebody who might havo been BO. belonging to him ditto, these hundred years báok, it seems rather hard that there should nevertheless be four separato sots of oaths to be taken about tho' legiti- mate but illegal James, and about tho illegitimate but1 legal Sophia, .thia second day of May, 1857, in the twentieth year of tho reign of Vic. Reg., Fid. Def., Vivat, and no money returned. 1st, there is the Protestant oath, against'"all traitorous conspiracies .and attempts' whatsoever,"meaning those wlm.tako the 2nd, or Roman' Catholic bath, laughs at tho takers of the 3rd, or Friends' or! Moravians' oath, which isn't an oath at'all,'but'just the samo thing Still it is very different from tho 4th, oath, that for " persons who have ceased to bo "Quakers," but haven't become anything else, who have no particular opinions about anything, past, present, or to' come, save and except extreme, esteem for that very, respectable' before-mentioned .female Sophia,,, and oontempt, scorn, and detestation for that masculine enormity, whom some delirious and atrocious individuals' may, a,! century and n half, ago, have called James the Eighth of Scotland and Third of England. 1 1 : , All this comas out in high relier on anett occasions i to-day, and on such oooaBions only. . And to all this i end is _to be put by Lord Palmerston, who, though 1 doesn't'belie vo in'original flin, is fully convinced of tl: stereotyped sinfulness of this, silliness, and means squash it, for the two-fold purpose of getting rid of tl nuisance itself, and obliterating Lord, .John in tt religious liberty line. For siioh end'tho'olJ,watcher a time has a duplex lever in his sacerdotal step son-it law, Shaftesbury, and in the canons of the Ciiuroh,.wbo ?feu de jolt ovorthe cannonading of, Canton leaves n doubt that the lawn sleoves will lend a helping han to the Hobrew. Tho arrangement is lo .bs this. Th incotno of Maynooth is to bo capitalizad : Bena, Ligour nurioular confession, Maria Moak, and misoellnnooi: indulgences, and ' abominations to bo appraised at th market ' value, whatever'that may bo; and tho whol conctrn handed over to Wiseman Beelzobub and th Pope, to bring up any number of young Guy Fawkeso Joans of Acre, or other incendiaries they plaaso, but t their own expenso:-no pnblio grant, and consequent) no contamination af British conscience for Beman uso! Thus propitiated by the sacrifico of tho Babylonia frailty, Shaftesbury will consent to manumit the Judea from parliamentary-bondage, and Baron Rothsohil ndmittod to the privilego of law-making, just as if h were the late' Mr. John M'Gregor or the present Mi Humphrey Brown ; and to. what higher altitude can eve Caucasian ambition soar? This is tho explanation circulated by the select as t the portent of the paragraphs now going the round about what is to be clono in tho direotion indicates What will Lord John do ? Bide his timo, which is th only thing he oan do. All the papers of yesterday sa ho wo9 not in tho house at tho opening on Thursdnj All tho napers are wrong, as they have beon on a goa many points of late. A oharming sample of this i afforded to-night. Tho premier's ovening print, th special oroolo of tho Palmoratonion ' penetralia c Downing-streot over sinco tha Juvenile became a whhj now nearly thirty years ago, has a " slashing article" 01 a paper in the May number of Blackwood about ContT America, asking could such a thing bo dreamt of by thi ghost of Christopher North ns the advocaoy of flllibus tcrism in 'the torridly tory magnzino? On goos th journalist ridiculing and satirizing Maga's anonymous unknown, and littlo-suspectod contributor for bolstnrin up piracy, murder, and plundor in Nicaragua. Well who ia it that does so ? Who panegyrisos Walker Who says ho ia tho real civilizer? Who deolarea th natives unfit to hold power over an inch of tho who! isthmus region ? Who Bays it is Enland's interest tba brigandage should prosper hero, and that it is nosensiaa to imagino that the United States desire to annex ir this direction? Who says all this? Hoar it, Yeh 1 Lo'rd Elgin's seoretaryl What will Mastor Brooko say Rajah,: for fear of mistake, though to make a mistaki about Sir Jamos would bo as inexcusable as oonfoundinj a hippopotamus with a spring lamb. Coming back to our muttons, Lord John was in thi houso on Thursday, looking as mischievous and mer rj as Puch whan pulling tbreo-leggad stool from undei anoiont beldamo. An antiguo shrew is now trying thc experiment of sitting on two stools, progress and stand, still, and Jack is watching gloofully for tho customary result. Will Palmerston go on, and bow far ? Will bc stop, and at what point ? Those are the questions all nra asking, but to which nono can reply. Not a sign it disaernible to. guide tho intelligent independent high minded self-governing English publio oven to a roason ablo guess at what thoir rulor may vouobsafo thom five days from this date. They can no moro surraiso thc probable tendonoy of tho spoeoh ho moans to mako the Quoen spook on Thursday next than if itwerotbatol . hia papier ' macht majesty of Japan. All thnt is door ia that ho doosti't cato throo straws for tho British Hon, and thinks any ohip of any bloak good onough for tho onoo august animal this Maypolo season. Honoo his sélection of Sir John Ramsden to succeed F. Peel. It may be said that thia is six of one and half-a.dozon ol tho other. By no moans. Frederick, bad as ho was, oqunllod a sooro of Ramsdens, and isa Nestor in oxporl onoo and Ulj'ssos in sagacity oomparod to him. Fanoy, oh, iron shade of tho spoar aud buckler of Britannia, ferruginous Of., Arthur of tho hundred fights I onglo of Alpino oaglos I fanoy a chick with tho sholl on his tail, a follow who wasn't born till tho reform bill was a year old, onlrURtod with tho socrotnryship at war at a momont Uko this, with hall tho othor half of tho globe inflamed against us, tho fabrio of our own military power in India 2 honoy-oombod by disaffection, tho firo of revolution smouldering throughout Europo, and tho heirs of Potar tho Muscovite consum- mating tho injunctions of his tostamont faster than ovon' Mr. Conyngham, tho now Palmotston member for Brighton, ventured to antiolpoto two years ago would bo posBlblo iu tho next twonty I Pool is a raartinot. Ho looks Uko n halbert, unbending ns a bayonet, rigid as n triangle. Ills gostioutallon suggosts oat-o-ninu-taÜB, and ho baa a voico Uko a lcottto drum. Ha is a oourt martini on two legs. Skin of Parchment, oomploxion of pipeclay, his. uprising is tho unrolling of tho Mutiny Aot j and his blandest accents put thoughts of handouts, blaalcholos, and tho ponai clauses of tho artiolos of war in tho hoads of nil hoarors. But tho rodtapo worro was uniformly nt homo in nil tho routino of scarlet. Not no Ramsden, Tho groonost grub on tho outermost loaves of tho.ti'oo or military knowlodgo is a " Borpant of old Nllo" boeitlo him, Müntz onoo said that Monsell didn't know . blunderbuss from . tweny.four pounder, and tb therefore Aberdeen gave bim the control of the Ordoanc For. much the same reason Palmerston gives the mai agoment of tho army to liam aden, and wo may naturall look for what must naturally huppon, as sure a's a gui What with. Wood and bis Transits afloat, or rather thi won't float, and Ramsden and his crudities nalipro, wit tho non- combativo Ashburnham noithor Afloat nc ashore, and afraid to bo either, things, look pleasant-fe Yeh. ' ',? : No wonder Miss Nightingale! should 'bo in' hysteric! 09 slia is, about tho forthcoming horrors at Hongkong where, shesnyp,- all. tho Scutari sufferings will, b Bggrávátod just in proportion as the Bocca Tigris',is.'fai ther than tho Bosphorus, and aa ' the oliraato of Chin) is more, pestilent than tho Crimean. No sistersof morey do ministering angels 'on ithe accurst' Celestial shores' o the Yellow Sos.'No Tima' Fund, no,S, G.O.; ,no, Soyei and bis stoves, no Augustus Stafford and'.Mr. Brao'e. bridge,' no nobody and no \ nothing, sixteen:thousand miles away,'With, typhbons, siroccos, arid 'jaundice ¡pa ene side, and' Chisholm' Anstey's maddening prose| .and Bowring's prose run iniad on tho other.' MÍBS Nightingale says, and say's .truly, that the whole hospital-system is, at this hour, preoisely what it was this day threo years. As the niaUeris .of Newcastle in; soadirig but the'Prince .into winter olbthingl in November aroireproduood. in'VVoöd's dispatoh ,pf "tho ; Transit,,,with . troops in May, so is the modical muddle, of 1857 ,ns : liko that of 1854 as one gallipot is like another. Would, that the mud J la ra were brayed in their own mortars 1 whether ot Woolwich or Apothocaries'-hall'Wouldn't muoh, matter,, provided tho 'ibraying ¡wére.', done" effectually,, but not in' the sense of;,sound;-that, signifies nothing but silliness, which is tho ' only braying pur miiob-onduririg iNoddy of a public knows, anything about. Prioking up one's ears' at the mention oftbat philosophic anima),' thero is a .quadrupedal, sort . bf mot ba its walks' deserving" of record hçre. ','.'. Ho , of tho ¡Lay of.Anoiont .Borne mooting the ultimut Romanorumt of the whiggery of 1088, Finality; to wit, in the Albany tho other,day, asked,;wby of all mon.'in these blessed isles of ours, did. Palmerston moke Denison Speaker? ; Wbereunto theolassio little1 homo', promptly, replied; with another., interrogatory: Why: did,' Caligula', make' "a consul of his horse ?-to ride- rough-shod over:à prostrate sonata :-what,Imper alor; Romanus; did Civis : Romnnus doos:-history, but ; repeals', itself.'* , The right honourable T3ab' looked as if his, own New Zealsnder .had just been Imported in throe, ships;,. and,-with his ready , ballad-motor, mongering -memory, repented ( thatfable of Moore's,about Lord Roden being put in tho orango van on the principle that: tho priests - of Isis'' .headed their .1 processions !with-a' sacred ' specimen bf a: thistle-rannoher. Rather ¡profano this ; but graphic nevertheless; for it 'oertninly; was surprising that Denison was. chosen, nhd,it is moro ' ^surprising now that ho is chosen; A poorer, less dignified, ' ¿moro unprepossessing, less promising performance,than ) tho whole soene of his dtbut lias not been wj tnpgsbd; witliln ' living memory, not even by Palmerston himBolf, who ram-, embers Wyndham.and Addington.nnd Mitford,aud:Abbott in tho ohair,'as well, bf course; as Manners Sutton and Aberoromboy.. Feeble and flurried, yet stolid and elate, the inaugural address lacked everything; that should havo. belonged to it, and tho entire proceeding was the most life- less and torpid of its kind that probably- ever took place in so crowded and otherwise vivacious-an assembly. The preliminary puffery.about his,personal appearance came back upon one's -recollection, "as a kind of , practical joke when he really did prosent bimsolf; but puff seems an atmosphere essential to him; for tho first thing he did on getting off his seat, on Thursday, was to give promis- cuous and' illimitable) orders for all sorts of improved ventilation. > Ho' will have airsj from heaven and blasts from below stairs ; valves, pnoumatio traps, shafts, taps, gimlet-holes, gutta-percha tubes,;, up . draughts, .down draughts, horizontal, equilateral, circular, angular, concen- tric, eccentrio draughts ;-so that Goldsworthy Gurney, tho faello'.ys^mehder of the houso, hos over sinoe been iu an agitated asthma, like a frog in an exhausted receiver, - croaking about tho ¡ impossibility of raising tho wind. But Denison will have it raisod; for, termagant-like,-he delights in a breeze, espcoiallyof tho kind called a storm, in a slop basin,-a seasonable sortof tornado these China teapotically tempestuous timos.' Moro air is not so muoh'.a luxury as a necessity with him. Ho looks as if ho hadn't had a mouturul ot unaumterateu oxygen these seven yoars, and as' if tho last he had didn't agree with him. Cadaverous, narrow-chested, wheezy-tonguod, '" retiring pension" may readily be read on his retreating foroheod, without mu oh ' capacity for seeing into a mill-stono. Baines sooms a Hercules compared with him, andas for Fitzroy, he'wonld throw him ovor his shoulder a la Risley, with oat tho smallest inconvenience except what might arise from tho awkwardness of a remarkably angular anatomy. But this, you will Bay, is tho portrait without tho wig . and gown,' the lay figuro without tho crinoline. Not so. With, or without the wig, or two wigs it is all Hie same. Two wigs?, Yes, tho bob minor, and tho triplo bob major, as ono may say with propriety of the founder of the great bell, Big Bon. Tho minor bob was that wheroin he appeared yesterday to bo sworn, and is such as you soe in old tavern engravings of Genoral Washing, ton, orothor antiquities of tho timo of Sir Robort Wal- pole; Tho triple bob is that wheroin bo appeared to-day, to hear others swear; and tho sight of him would cer- tainly justify a littlo objurgation, touching the national stupidity in not having something a trifle more orna- mental, if not more useful, for our £0,000 per annum now, with a coronet a couple of years henoe. However, look no langer on that picture, but upon this. Behold that little white-headed clenr- oomplcxionodold man, Uko Peaoook'B " Friar of Rubygill," only not so fat, sitting at tho corner just before you oomo to the gang-way, whero Sir Joshua Walmsly used to sit, but sits no moro, and above whero Cardwell sat, but sits not now, though he will sit ero long. Thoro that little man will sit, or some- where olso in the house, for he isn't very adherent in his corporeal fixings, as long as thoto is a houso, as long ns tho doors are open, no mattor bow long that may be, were it a week ot astrotoh. Who is ho? Whol Why who does not know 7ii>»? Thompson. Any particular Thompson ? Yes, very particular-the General. And who is that below him, sitting in Hayter'a place, that is, whore Hayter will sit when nocossarj ? Ah, who indeed I Evory body is asking who, but nobody knows. Dkiuc et diables.' as little Vander Weyr shrioked in tho am- bassador'.* gallery, when something astonished bira on Thursday, but it isa most surprising aspect! If tho owner thereof had been sent plenipotentiary to Pekin tho Emperor would surrender anything at disorotion, and Yelrs hoad would bo off in tho twinkling of a rat- trap. Who can it bo? Ono of tho messengers is invei- gled into going down stairs, and asking tho Sorgonnt-at Arras, who asks Sir Denis Lo Marchant, who communi- cates tho intelligence; and up it is borne as mysteri- ously as though it were a cabinot sooret of the first importance. Well, what is it ? Hush-hum :-a ghoul 1 Cobden'* ghoul I-who Tumored Bright out of Manches- ter. Angels' and ministors of grnce defend us I YOB, a vory necessary prayor indeed; only " ministors" of grace aro oven moro fow and far betwoen than angola just now, and without graoe are very evil spirits. But can it bo truo? Quite true :- those aro droadful timas, and such things will happen. Witohps oro abroad, and old women at home too ; and tho comet is coming, and the war ninoponoo with it, and ninotoonponoo on thobaok of that and apparitions of an alarming naturo may naturally bo looked for. But, " simper" oadem, as Osborno Bays of tho ovor-grinning novor-smiling Graham. The Comic Old Gontloman,outs his joke, and oomes again, like his anolent friend, the lato Mr. J. Millor. - Whon tho honour- able gontleman, not the jester, but tho M. P., wan pre- sented by Hayter, tho Premiar whlsperod something about Manohester hoing still dooidodly 11 Unadorned" in its representation ; whereat tho whip, who is waxing exceedingly liko Piokwiok, laughed to a degree that put thoughts of apoplexy 'in tho head of bia assistant, Mulgravo, for tho some reason that young Weller beoarao alarmod oonoernlng tho oidor Samuel when seizod with a paroxysm of ticklishness. Haytor was not quito so hilarious to-day as tho Tape-, ooraoy oould dosiro.' Coppook's burley nnd busy pro sonoe in tho lobby portended petitioning, that is the dofenoo of treasury seats potitioned against, to an extent that may inconveniently affeot oven so groat a majority aa tho present, though at tho somo time those potillonB will bo invalunblo impediments to all progross, which ia just tho thing ministors want. It is now protty certain there, will bo sixty petitions. But, to moko quito eura, sup ÎI09O wo soy half that, thirty. Thoro go ICO members n oomralttoos, five to each petition, to begin with. Add to thoso that requirod for private bills, of which there is an immense number. Toko from that all the, mem- bers claiming exoraption on tho Booro of hoing upwards of 00 years of age. Toko further all who olalm exemp- tion as holding government offioos ; and you roduoo tho houso to a condition in willah ballot, Loclco King, reform bills, nnd all suoh rubbish, will bo laughed at, just ns though they woro so many propositions for ox traoting sunbeams from cuoumbors. But suroly Palmerston will givo tho publia something? Porhnps. Suppoao ho woro to bring ovor that onprloorn of a bruin, Constantino? Slr R. Peal would bo dollghtod to aot as bear.londer to tho "frank anti onon-hoavted sailor," and would take tho Prince do Ligno in hand too if needful. Wo oould make tho Grand Duko welcome nt a slight oxponso, Thora aro vast numbers of lamps loft ovor since last illumination. How onay to pitt up nt tho Admiralty n flamingly flattering trnnspnronoy, bearing tho logond " Slnopu" ono sido, and " Hongo" on tho othor j with " Kara" porhaps in subdued groon llghta, typical of modoat frankness nnd fortitude in the corner j wlillo,1 nt tho Foreign Oflhe, tba Omnigoographionl Clarendon might mount " Bolgrad Number One." "TM grad Number Two," with " Clroassiit" in very WML rn* -green (tba mountaineers' colour) also in tho corner tnl perhaps-,J.,HussoU" in small ilottora beneath ,;n.i| . usté little attentions of this'sort; snob,' lu fact, aï th- fT good old Aberdeen and dear old old old Lansdown^ A showed ia pouring, champagne down Count PahlcrV. Vit stomach, when his countrymen woro cutting our coantrv the mon's throats, behind their bat'Tts, nB Palmerston's own btti .Pat Somers says, would go a great way in making thine, dre .pleasant with tho son of our lato imperial friend of fort» ten years; and, what is not loss lo,the purpose, might put» ~ little lifo in Eussinn railway shares, which stand much T in nèed ortho vivifying geniusi-ttant sb" long floatba tab British Bank'upon nothing,' and paid scores of thousands at sterling out of that. Moreover, there is a most appro. °'f priatO' compliment to hand in.Mqclisb'sgreat picture'of T tho Royal, Aoadqmy, réprbsènling .the , great Russian q0 I Peter and tho great British" William togotber, tho ono en doing that whioh produoed Sinone; and the ,other which S|5 produced tho taking .'caro pf 'Bowbs.;, Surely all this '« ought to coax over,'Constan tine; and then Manchester : ' oould tako oredit fbr it, as it does for'e'verything sinco it *c became a 'treasury '.borough,, and ..tho ¡manufacturo, of T ghouls was added to its'staples.', i . i.. , ;h 