I fFram the Liveroool Albion. March 0.1 Did you ever BOO the arra* of the Broadlands' bran of the Temple family treo ? Then look in the Peera -Burke's, BB being Irish, and therofore native and tho manner born ; for a mirthful manner it must be relish tho joke aright. The arms are a horse and a Ho respectively standing on their hind legs, eaoh lookii over his own left shoulder and laughing heartily, app rently at the ^ridiculous figure the other cuts; whil above tho two, there is seated on a shelf (Norroy, pardi the anti-ohivalrio term 1) an Isle of Skyo terrier, : morose and disdainful mood, as if disgusted at tho no equine and unleonine antics of tho animals below hit evidently thinking they ought to hang down their hoa< and keep their taila between their legs in remorsof shame, instead of capering liko a oouple of antodiluvic goats in Merionethshire on St. David's Day. Mem :. the dog must have been daguerreotyped from a miniatu: of Urquhart's. Suoh are the heraldio bearings of tho Gomio Old Gei tloman. Emblematic of grave significance they are. ' is indeed enough to make any horse, even an unde taker's, laugh to seo tho British lion in his prosont att tudo ; though why tho lion should laugh, except a i hyena, it would puzzlo tho canniest of tho canine race i oomprehend. Tho position of the above dog, howeve ia by no means typical of tho temper of Bull, at least i so far as tho Cocknoy species ia a sample of tho nationi genus. Throughout tho bills of mortality Palmerston is a name of universal acceptance, cashed at sight < Round, irrespective of disoount, however oxtravagan Indeed, tho higher tho rate asked tho prompt« the honouring. Liko his own ideal man i infancy, ho is assumed to havo been bor without original, sin.; or, if.the possibility of blemish be entertained, it is only admitted as heighter ing his general perfections ; just as there are artist who think that a freckle on tho probosioB of the Mod oean Venus would enhance the charms of tho " statu that enohants the world." Say he ia a tory, that h always was a tory of tho real old Eldonio sobool, Si Acts, Gagging- AotB, Peterloo Massaores, and so forth c home, Metternich and obscurantism abroad :-the ar swer is identical with that in tho ancient ballad as to th lady, " whose head was like unto a ball, her noso unt a boar." "'No matter for that,' King Hoary sayd, « love her the better therefor.'" Pam is up for Londor and will go down with Travers, the Administrators, an all. What t against Lord John ? Et tu Brute, Mr. Mot l«yl And why not, exolaims that prudential moasuro of stookings and the stops of men? What is thero sm prising in Palmerston's opposing Bussell in 1857, 01 one set of principles, when he opposed Lansdowno ii 1807 on another set ? There is only half a centur, between ; and what signifies that? Not muoh, sagaoiou hosier; only that what Lansdowne and Bussell wore Lansdowne and Bussell arel Then moro fools they rejoins tho chairman of the city liberals; theroin affirm ing tho wisdom of tho somnolent youth who, being ad monished. that tho early bird caught tho oarly worm exolaimod, " Serve tho worra right for being up si early." Palmerston drovo Lansdowno from Cambridge in 1807 ; why should he not drivo Russell from Londor in 18577 No reason whatever, except it is more con venient to let it alone; for it is rather pleasanter tc crack jokes on constitutional law at tho expense of Row oliffe and Julian Harvoy on the hutings of Mr. Heath, cola's froe and independent borough of Tivorton, than before a metropolitan constituency with tho author ol tho lottorjof Decombor 'SI dismissing tho visoount foi playing viceroy over the sovereign. Then too tho genus loci in tho latter caso would hardly be propitious to the one, bat might bs a guardian angel to tho other. Guildhall is sacred to certain familiar spirits which Bussolls aro accustomed to call from tho vasty deep of other days, and whioh do sometimes come when so summoned. Those storiod walls flame with " thoughts that breathe and words that burn" into tho hoart oven of an alderman, causing, perhaps, (if it be not too hypor bolical a supposition,) a genial glow in that much mora vital portion of his calipash anatomy, of tho stomach. Hore tho monumental marble to buriod but evor-living self-sacrifice reoounts the deods of Chatham in tho lan- guage of Burke; and the rebuke of Citlzon Beckford to ono of Palmerston's youthful acquaintances, George tho Third, upon the throne, in full court, with crown, lion, and unicorn, and all tho regalia'd etcotoras around. Thoso bo souvenirs rath or suggestivo to the residuary legatee of Messrs .Pym, Hampden, Algernon Sydnoy, and Company. Nor barren in his own biography of sti- mulating rominisoonoos. Hero, boforo Palmerston was avon a juvenilo Whig, did Lord John Russell receive 100 gold snuff-boxes, with city freedom therein, auriferous lottors on vellum, diamond- dotted toothpioks, and what not, in recognition of that cataloguo of reformatory vir- tuos whioh his Manchester parásitos parroted out of Mooro the first and last time Iiis Lordship was in Cot- tonopolis, and was thon regarded thoro as tho loftiest of mon because highest of officials. No ; it would hardly do to pit a professing Liberal against him ; yet will tho promoters of tho pro-Palmer ston raovo tako no denial. Tho genus " gent" is in a stato of enthusiastic oxoitoment all round Cornhill. With olgar in mouth and streaming beards and hair, they rush liko adolosoont meteors, into Tom's, tho Jerusalem, Jamaica, Baltio, North and South American, Garraway's, wherever merchants most do congregate, demanding in- stantaneous signature to requisitions calling upon tho Promior to allow himself to bo made the representative of tho city. One of tho representativos, you oorroctively suggest. No, the roprosontativo ; tho other throo count for nothing, and ho may name them if ho likes ; no mattor who they bo, it is all the samo to tho aotivo minded volunteors aforesaid, spontaneous, (muoh moro surprising,) unBalariod praetorian cohorts of our now Ciusar. Tho nimblost of thoso bolong to tho Exohango, whoro bulls and bears have oo.ilosood to run up the Pal- merston stook ns tho best posslblo on tho market. Tho truth, howover, is, that pique of thoir own amour propre mixos considerably in tho zoal of theso promiura-at-any prico patriots. As statod horo last week, they hadn't the smallest idea of tho orlsis till juBt. ita denoue- ment, and then they didn't believe - it. Moving hut iu ono oirolo, with onty ono rotatory mo- tion, and that round its own axis, like Mr. Jellingnr Symons's lunatic moon, roading only ono paper, or ignoring all that might be read olsowhoro, and finding thoir oraolo dumb, it never oconrrod to thom that any- thing out of tho way was going to happen, or could possibly happen, oxoopt in tho way thoir matutinal five penco-halfponny worth of omnisolanco would bo sure to inf»rm thom. Whon, however, on Monday, and not till then, tho conviction dawned that thoro really was some- thing in tho wind, their amazement and indignation know no bounds. Thoy made it u mattor of personal quarrel with any man (clients of course oxoeptud) who Insinuated so atroeioui a oontiiigonoy as an upset nf tho Ministry ; and, with tho usual logio of thoir calling, modo harnm-soarum bots of now hals with a reckless- ness that must havo flllod Mr. Treasury Wilson with griof for having given up tho beaver biisinos». Four o'clock p.m. caine, and with it tho ovonlng Downing, stroot papor, containing a list of tho Premlor's supporters who had that day rallied round bim at his rosiilenoo. Tho night was not particularly inspiring, and the not remarkably nuggetty nama of Humphrey Brown was looked upon benevolently by tho ingotooraoy; tho .truly British minister hoing backed up by tho truly British Danker put. foreboding thoughts of. a tumblo in thu most stable minds. Fortunately it was tho only arnon of that kind. Brown was not accompanied i by his brothor dono up director, M'Gregor, who now dally dinoa with Hurophroy-tho inhospitable Duko of that name-in Paris, no moro ohio to moko things pleasant than Hudson himself, with whom mat- ters will look block indood on tho coaly Tyno when Doo and Roe may ohaBo tho stag undotorrod by Sorgcant.at Arms and broach of privilogc. Novortholnss, tho om- nium gatherers roliod upon tho luck of tho exalted per- sonage wham, with, an oxprosalvonoss morp . familiar than deferential, thoy oallod that "gamo old oook," ta put to flight thnso whom thoy Btigmatisod as dunghills; ami surprising it is, to bo suro, how Orientally motaphorlo is tho phraseology of tho gontlomon carrying on busiaasa thus fur east, 1 > ' Kamber» of theso barrie! off to Westrainstor, deter > rained to take the > real new« home, and astonish the » suburban mind with Parliamentary > particulars imported I direot per express cab ohartered for tho purpose. In > . vain, however, they thronged tho lobby, learning nothing, > except that > Mr. Masterman and Sir James Duke in \- Palace-yard aro not within > ninety.nino per oent. of their ) value in Threadncedle-slreet. On tho whole, > however, ' they carno away with tho renowed conviction that it was ) quito > absurd to think of a Ministerial defeat; and in that > persuasion they laid > ludicrous wagers next day at any i odds that any body would take. Some did > take these i odds, and we know with what result afterwards. But so F distant > seemed such result that; on Tuesday, i the: ' pressure of strangers ' was > not ; near . so ' great .about the Hause, for Hayter's .assurance ; had > beguiled many debutantes into the impression that ï it was "all right." Not > so, however, evidently thought ' that perceptive functionary himself, > especially towards i the wi tolling hour,; when it was pretty clear ho began > to 1 see that the fates were'sharpening scissors to cut_short 1 the red tape > of destiny. All tho particulars youltoo in . some of your Lancashire > contemporaries, about tho pro . ternatural whipping by tho opposition are so > muoh 1 balderdash. Tho fact is, their whipping was unusually mitigated flagellation; and it could not be otherwise, beoauBO of tho peculiarity of their position. The motion . wasn't theirs ; they had no control ovor the division. They oouldn't put their beagles in tho lobby to drive in the radical flock to the tory fold. Colonel Taylor and Sir Vf. Jolli/To sauntered about, anxious, no doubt, but . not aotive, and Hayter and Mulgrave had all the watch- dog business to themselves, aided as they wera by a numbor of lurchers from tho second row of tho Treasury, including Lord Ernest Bruce, who though deaf as a post on general occasions, seemed sharp as a weasel «ow, in hearing the footfall of every possibly persuadable person in the promises-nine acres of masonry. It is diffloult to dosoribe and -not easy to understand tho terror of these third-rate governmental underlings at any change. Thoy dread tho coming in of Lord John almost as muoh as of Lord Dorby ; and boneo howl and yell and snarl At tho former whenover possible, knowing what they bavo to expect after that cabal of which Bouverie- became tho mouthpieoe when his lordship left office, and when he publicly said the only thought be bestowed on them was oontempt. Hence their special virulence shown at every disparaging allusion to him, manifested with indeoent effrontery on Thursday, when hoaring T. Duncombe say " the noble lord was tho British lion at that table, but a spaniel in Vionna." Alack. " Poor Tom's a cold," though even in his ashes', live his " wonted firos." He has all the polished impudence of his earlier days; but no -longer the early vigour of the Corinthian' time : for, despite tho glossy raven* hair, and the supersymmetrioal tailory, and the still jaunty oar rin.RO, a beau at three saore may in vain sport the PalmorBtonian motto Flecti non frangí, if ho bo not a Palmerston : and of such there is but one. Tho Viscount, by tho way was anything bat himself on Tuesday, and his debility enfeebled his lieutenants in the lobby confoundedly. Hohadbeenill,and evidently ill at ease all tho evening, coming out continuously into the ton- room and elsewhere, looking haggard and worn, and, what is still moro unusual with bim, slipshod and unbraced, altogether decidedly out of sorts. This begot misgivings, which the event but too fully realised. His speech was tho poorest he ever mada on a great oooasion, windy and vehement, but ineffective, notable only as a striking specimen of the forcible feeble. The disappoint- ment was oxoassive on all sides, and among tho strang- ers especially, many of whom heard him for the first timo ; and their loóles of blank dismay at the exhibition of tho wonderful Civis Romanus gave tho Student in physiognomy some ideas not to be found in Lavator touohing the expression of the human faoe. Ruport and Greptowitz woro among tho enormous audience ; and Tnmboff and the Russian ambassador are about tho last couple in Christendom before whom the bottle-holder likes to go through his. gladiatorism. What memories carno back on ono in witnessing this display, and thinking of that on the immortal Faoifloo night. It was not tho Virgillan sentiment, Ah quantum mutatut ab Mo Hcctore, that was uppermost ; for our hero was much more " Heotoring " how than then. But, impar eongressus Aehilli-ho wasn't up to the mark ; and as for the myrmidons, they were but tho noiseless ghosts of their former blatant selves. When, in '50, he lot fall tho talismanlo words "foreign conspirators," tho re- joicing roar nearly rent tho roof, and might be heard comfortably, or rather very uncomfortably by tho then Archbishop of Canterbury, in Lambeth Palaoe, half a mile up tho river, for " forty shouted liko one," and every one senator like a forty stentors. How Roebuok shrieked exultant; how all cosmopolitan friends of tho " solidarité of nations'.' caught up tho strain, thinking of Kossuth in far off Kutahia, of Mazzini near at hand, of the martyrs of liberty everywhere, and of their profes. sing ohaimpion there! But when ho talked of " con spirnoy," on Tuesday, thoy who shouted in '50 tittered in '07. Oldham Fox, and that still elder fox, Graham ; nonconformist Miall and high-churoh Honloy ; papistical Swift and papist roasting Spoonor ; imaginative Bulwer aud matter-of-fact Baring ; Caucasian Ricardo and Jew hating Manners ; the Duke of Devonshire's Paxton and tho East India Company's Hogg ; Cardinal Wiseman's Bowyer and Exotor Hall's Ball ; Egyptian Layard and Talmúdico! Disraoli ; chamoloon Cardwell and steadfast Lovaine ; precipitate Phillimore and sloir.going Packe; hnir-splittimg Gladstone and heir of tho lord who shook his head, Burghley ; apple pip Kol ly and raisin-loving Child ; locomotive Locke and our few Boll ; Lord Maroh and Rust ; teetotal Hoy worth and stout-famed Guinness; dublo-stouted Meux and tho milder Perry ; to call these conspirators was rather too good a joke for general appreciation, and was rendored all the moro insipid by tho piquant relish attached to it on tho Treasury Benoh, especially by Sir George Groy, himself one of tho Lichfield House oom paot, and thoreforo all the more inexcusable in affecting to believe that thoro could bo ono heart where there are different kidneys. By the time Palmerston Bat down it was felt hts speech had made no oonverts ; and Mulgrave was in a stato of collapse near tho door, occasionally showing üigns of spasmodio vitality, under Colonel Taylor's sa- tiric congratulations touohing the constitutional advan- tages of a strong Government'. Hayter, however, kopt «pa bold front throughout, to tho very last,'till the clerk at tho table put tho fatal division-papor in tho hands of Cobden. Then " Lambro's visage fell." Tho right honorablo Goodenough turned from his usual rubicund tint to a lively malnohito green, as though ho had just drained that porcelain presentation goblet of his full of oBsenoo of lizard ; and he crept off to his customary oornor seat without making the UBunl obei- sance to Mr. Speaker. That functionary, by tho way, seomod tho most surprised individual in tho whola assembly at tho announcement. Instinctively ho clap pod his hand to his wig, ns if he felt tho proscriptive coronet slipping off, or very inoonveniontly pressing his temple, as it will press Henry John's; for the speaker- ship will bo tho pinch of partios, radlools and tories pro- miscuously having to vote for or against .tory or radical candidate, as Speaker never was voted for or against bo foro since Potor do Montfort first said !'Tho( ayes'havo it," nnd for so saying had his hond out off, not by, an Aol of Parliament, but, by a " bill," an tho .ftold of Evesham, shortly af tor. . Tho consternation among all grados of Tapers' and Tadpoles . was over- powering ; but tho astonishment' among tho' strangers was the real foaturo_oi tho night. . They, couldn't boliovo what thoy badi hoard i nnd a good many <of thom would'nt boliovo it for some timo ; and whon at last, having done so, they did'nt know what to mnko of the faot, muoh wondering whether tho Unadorned would,bo, " nant for/' and, if so, how, ho would- arrange with Slr. Edward Cast rospooting court sword,, knao buokles, and tho rest of tho oostumoal, obsorvanoes without whioh Britannia .will Buffer no ono to rula waves: or land. Next day, Wodnosdoy though itwaB, orowds of curiosity, huntors wore about tho Houso ; - but no Ministers of first olnss wero thore, nil hoing at a Gabinot Council, excopt Talbot Baines for a littlo. while at tho hoginning. -, That worthy Lancastrian .was ns cjravoly unconcerned a's ovor, dooming tho roso of tho .State without a thorn, whether ho warp privileged to smell at it or not. On ' Thursday, tho nspoot of affairs had changed indeed for tho bettor in Ministerial oyes ; nnd. tho so lntoly hang-dog look of nil tho poodles of - placo bad givon way to the courtly air of tho privileged, King Charles breed again. .Tho Pro mior,would stand by hiß post, and tho hundió af.stioks would nilhoro to him, ovory ono of them haviug o, " who's afraid"- air, suggestive- of nhillolnghs. To' tho " slicking" point havo tho oourago of tho sticks boon screwed, nnd out they won't turn, Bavo by main foroo, whioh can bo applied by no ono now, nt lonst for tho prosent. Well thoy know thnt afjroenhlo truth, nnd em- phatically nro thoy evincing thnt knowledge Lnst night, for instanco, they ropaatoilly interrupted Glndstono and Disraoli wish crios of " divido," ns though tho sponkcrs woro boros of tho Goorgo Thompson or NowdPgato suhonl. Tho mombor for UUCIIB spoko with oxtrnordi nary animation, for him-with tho rapidity of Shiel, nnd tho gostioulntion of Brougham, nnd nltogothor vory unliko his usual solf, Booming thoroughly in onrnost. And what was it nit nbout? About tlio grocers;-"In tho nnmo of tho Prophot, figs 1"-not out of dnto in tho mouth of n Bedouin, though rnlhor oxotio in thnt of tho British fnrmorii' friand. What this now olooutionnry empressement in tho Coming Mnn may portond thoro is at prosont no dovining, but it oortainly moans some- thing- porlinps to boar down tho rising importinonoo of tho small ofTtolal fry just notod, who aro evidently determinad to go all longthn now, and will carry on . Donnybrook fair saturnalia (Ul tho break up, Thoy aro likely to And their ra»tch at any sort of gamo in Booti min. Last night, when they kept crying out, » Divide divide," roost offensively, bo exclaimed, with an unnar Himentary familiarity tbat throw Lefevre into a cold* shiver, " No, I won't divide I " and rattled on as fait as before, tho reports this morning not giving half what ho said ; for tho fourth ostate seemingly mean to OBUÏ oise him in his own verbosity lino ond " mark" bim in thoirs. And so with' all who aro not for tho powers that bo or lotting thein.be as Jhoy be.' Tho gentlemen of. Dôwning-street appear to fancy that they hove converted that'cu/-áa-»ac into a Gibraltar, whioh can't be taken and; they ooollypour the hot shot of oontempt on all impotont assailants. Palmerston was ia ' the House to tho finale last night, quite rejuvenized again, ? only more restless than was bis wont till lately ; for instead of sit. ting almost motionless- for half-a-dozen hours at a* stretoh, as ho used to do, even last sossion, he is DOW in and now out every twenty minutes, often leaving ia the midst of an important'spoeoh against him; but no offence is taken, as it is known no disoourtesy ÍB meant and that ho will be baok again presently, and pty respectful attention to overy word. His subordinates however, are no copyists in this respeot,_and their ohango from obsequiousness to arroganco is not a little remarkable. Up to Tuesday night thoy were as deferential as Ghineso profoBsors of deport, ment (ought to bel ; but now they -bear themselves as unbearably as Yeh. It is rather odd, however, that Hayter hasn't had mare applications about seats thia appears to have yet been tba case. It is also very remarkable that Coppouk ÍB by no means so over pressed on tho same score this week as he was last, Ho was in the lobby last night, and a very small gather- ing of prospective, or prospecting M.P.'a wa3 about him. In fact thoso sort of cattle don't know what to make of him, nor does he know what to make of himself. What is he? Parliamentary agent for tho liborals. But who aro tho liborals ? Supporters of the Government. And who are they? Tyrrell, Drummond, Vane Tempest, Horsfall, Masterman, Bentinck, Blandford, Butt, Sus. Hero be a dilemma, the like of which Coppock, who ii never out of one, was never in before. But who'll profit by all this ? Why the Tories, of course ; and theyjmean to do BO, too, and are sotting about it in a business- like manner already. All is fish that oomes to thoir net, and it won't be for want of the enmosbing process they don't have a most satisfactory haul. The soale of the Carlton subscription is something astonishing, if only a fraotion of what is reported bo true. Christopher, the Croesus of the county side, heads all ooronets with MB largesse, and digtanoing dukes, earls, and all the descendants of all the barons of Runnymede. So be ought, for he is the Cerberus of the party, being threo -gentleman or ladies rolled into one. Thrice has ho changed his > name, and each time obtaining an enormous fortune ; and now a fourth awaits him on like conditions. What wonder then, that with Buoh a stake in the country, he should prepare to honour tho approaching May-polo ia the manner desiderated by " good and safe mon " of the sterling Frail sobool. And in reference to that colo brity, busy as a bee about tho honeyed hive yesterday, what has booome of W. B. ? Momentous interrogation, there is no saying what may not turn on tho answer. AB Maynooth seems diapatohed to purgatory, and per- haps still farther off, many of its oldest opponents having gone over to the enemy, the Major will probably desire to ba no longer unattached, but to join forthwith, of course bringing over Morgan and thoso other auxi- liaries of whom one «o skilled in the working of constitutional usages has a corps not less numerous and a good deal better disolipined, but somewhat more squeamish, it is to bo hoped, for tbe sake of Christopher and company, than Boatson's bashi-bazouks. When Beresford is announoed as having been Been in tho vicinage of any eleotral theatre, we may be pretty, sore the curtain is going to draw and the play really to begin; but what sort of play it. is to be, tragicat-oomlcal. historical-pastoral, or what not, tho ghost of Polonias, if it were to revisit the glimpses of the moon, nor what is moro to the purpose, the spirit of Billy Holmes, were it to turn into Pall Mall, oould - toll. Such has never been seen, heard, or dreamt of, as that whioh we shall be in the thick of next month-it ought to be the 1st. As far as the metropolis is concerned, all is in a state , of indifferentism, exoept the city, where - operations aro to bo opened on Taos day, at . tho London Tavorn, when tho Reform I Registration Society aro to " pronounce." Palmerston won't stand; everybody knows that : but, nevertheless, cortain . busybodies are determined to nominate bim, partly in a spirit of toadyism, portly to annoy the-idol Lord John. But, tho chances are, that, after all, in tbs oity, now seething excitement, there will bo no contest whatever, his Lordship and Rothschild coming in quietly as bofore, and somo two others in tho place of the now sitting pair, assuming tbat they want to sit no longer. It is needless to say that all other publio matters aro ignored. Tho fashionable auctionaors especially aro in despair nt tho break-up, which will provont them knook ing down according to announcement, the bijouterie, vertu, and so forth of the interesting Redpath, for in- stance, that woro to bo sold by Cbristio and Manson, being sure to suffer prodigious "depreciation in con- sequence of many who had a fanoy for tho memorabilia of that pioturesquo scoundrel having to be off to tho provinces. It may bo worth a note that to-day oonoluded Foster's throe days' sale of tho effects of poor Collet, who left your financial reformers £1000, tho procoods boing about £3000, of whioh tho wino roalisod ono-third, tho plato Í00O, tho pictures only Ü100, and tho books tho remainder. Tho attendanco was largo, and none of tho things wore stolen-tho best tributo to tho memory of tho poachers' friand. 