TASMANIA. We have Hobart Town papers to the 10th inst. Parliament having been prorogued, Mr. Gregson is about to look for a little excite- ment in the Courts of Law, as will be seen by the subjoined paragraph from the Daily News : LIBEL.-Mr. Gregson has taken the first Btep towards redeeming his promise, an- nounced in this j ournal a week or two ago, that he would take legal proceedings against his traducers in the Hobart Town press. A sum- mons to appear at the Police Court on a charge of publishing a false and malicious libel on Mr. Gregson, contained ia a paper published on the 13th of last month, has been eeived upon Messrs, Henry and Charles Best, .printors, publishers, and proprietors of the Molart Town Daily Courier, and the case will come on for hearing before the magistrates pro . hably on Thursday next. Wo are authorised by Mr. Gregson to state that similar proceed- ings will, in all probability, bo commenced against the printer, publisher, and proprietor of the Bolarl Toten Mercury. GOLD.--The Messrs. Tunks continue to sink at the New Country, on the West Tamar, and have now reached a depth of thirty-five foet. They have met with lime, magnesia, a trace of copper, and large quantities of crystalised quartz, and are very sanguine that the dis cOA'eryof a rich gold-field will crown their labours.-Examin er. MURDER AT DELORAINE. — An old man who has resided for some years with Owen McCarthy, a shoemaker at Deloraine, has been murdered, and McCarthy stands charged with the crime. — Ibid. MELANCHOLY, AND FATAL ACCIDENT IN BATCH'S BAY. — A most lamentable and fatal accident occurred about nine o'clock on Saturday night, in consequence of upsetting a boat in Ralph's Bay, by which two native youths, sons of respectable inhabitants of Sandy Bay, we regret to say, lost their llves. The following are the circumstances : Messrs. Daniel and George Anderson, sons of Mr. D. Anderson, of Sandy Bay, and Mr. Edward Vince, son of Mr. Vince, of the same place, proceeded in a whaleboat, about eight o'clock, to visit a relative of the former, re- siding over the water. On nearing the shore the accident seems to have happened, as cries for help were heard, and two young men im- mediately put off in a boat, but arrived only in time to rescue Mr. George Anderson, who was found clinging to the boat. The body of Mr. E. Vince was found on Sunday morning. — Courier. BARBAROUS MURDER AT DELORAINE. — About one o'clock on Saturday morning last the door of the Tollbar House, near Deloraine, was broken open by two men, one of whom is represented to be a tall man with a black beard — the other was not so well recognised. The tollkeeper, William Searl, who was in bed with his wife and infant, raised himself in bed on hearing the noise made by the vil- lains in forcing the door, and one of the burglars thereupon raised his gun and shot the poor man in the head. The gun was loaded with slugs, and Searl immediately be- came insensible, The insensibility con- tinued until the following day, when he ex- pired. No robbery was effected, and the as- sassins decamped immediately Searl was shot. — Courier. OVER THE BORDER -We have received the first number of an eight-page paper, printed and published at Yass, under the title of The Yass Courier. The editor avows that he has 1 a " weakness for mythology," which will ex- plain the introduction of BO many hard names into his first leading article, in which i ho says :-" Like Narcissus contemplating hu undlmmed beauty-perchance more like a bather, fearing that the water may be cold- , our pen long lingered on the inkstand's j blink. The necessity of wilting something for a Loader drew it down, even as the Nymphs drew Hylaa. Heracles'dalling took the water 'like a falling star:' our pet Oillott's plunge, we must confesa, was more like sullen platypus. However, it has emerged -pardon oar most inoongruouB figures-a Hottentot Venus ' freBh from ocean ;' and wo must write an article. Mercury, who, we believe, is the patron god of news- papers, killed a tortoise, and played ex tjuiBitely on the lyro, whilst still in long clothes. We cannot pretend, in our infancy, to possess our precocious patron'a power, but we intend to make his doings the model of ours. Wo, too, shall slay-at all events wo will strive to alay-the Slow, and'to create tho Harmonious ; to advance Progress, and to foster Peace. A grown-up function of our typo's suggests one great meana of accom- plishing the latter end, He was the Psycha gogus, the leader of the ghosts to Hades. Our caduceuB - the G-lllot aforesaid - will ' b3 wielded to drive the lingering phantoms of old-world fends and religious prejudices to Lethe." Its mythological tendencies apart, the Piras Courier is a highly creditable pro- duction, and deservoß both praise and wel- come, i ' PnomAntE BOAD-MAKIKO.-A short time ' ago Captain Bull issued advertisements ia-'. viting miners to tender for levelling a small portion of the main road, situated betweoa the Boyal and Forest Creek Hotels, the con- tractors to be permitted to mine for gold for BO doing. A party of six agreed to make the I necessary alterations for nothing, and hava ! realised by their bargain, which many per-J sons thought to be a foolish one, upwards of ; twelve hundred pounds sterling, after paying all expenses ; thus benefiting themselves, im- ! proving the road, and taking nothing from the public treasury. Borne ot the crevices oí the rock wero literally filled with beautiful nuggety gold. The main Forest Creek roid. for nearly two miles, runs through tho lioness round on tho Creek.-Mount AliXMdir ilv.l. ^ 