NEW SOUTH WALES. The late liou. G. Ri. Nichols embraced the Catholic religion on his death-bed. His mother wasa Catholic-a baptized Jewess. The trial of the "Newtons Ejectmcnt Case," before Mr. Justice Dickinson and a special jury of twelve, concluded on Satur day, having occupied thirty days. The litigation in this suit" has already lasted nearly 9 years. There have now been two trials of the issue by special juries, and, In termediately, a new trial motion and an appeal to the Privy Council, besides very many interlocutory applications and pro ceedi gs. There will probably be another new trial motion, and nnuther appeal to London, ere the case is finally settled. At present the defendants are the successful parties. During this interval many of the properties held by the defendants on the record have passed into other hands; one of the lady defendauts (Mrs. Iredale) has changed her name, and another defendant (Mir. Dent) has compromised. The record, however, remains the satme. The declara tion was filed on the 3rd of October, 1848, and was in the supremely absurd old form used in these days, conveying no real information as to the lands actually claimed. Although John Doe andRlchard Itoc have long since been got rid of, with some of equally obscure and useless tech nicalities of British law, the ghost of the aforesaid John is still seen as the plaintiff in this action. The land sought to be roe covered was described In the filed particu lars as "210 acres of land, more or less, lying and situate at New Towntr, in the parish of Petershlam, in the county of Cumberland, in the colony of New South Wales." The property had come into possession of the present defendants in various ways, and for valuable considera. titon, but the only question in this case was whether or not the title of Rochford, through w hom theyclaimed, was sustainable. In its present highly improved state tile pro perty was worth an enormous sum. Its valuie has been estimated on the part of the plaintiff at £400,000, and on that of the defndants at £100,000. In all probability its value is between the two; perhaps about a quarter of a million, But at the date of this disputed conveyance to Rocli ford, when the colony was young and the land unimproved, its value was very small. There was no dispute as to the sufficieuey of consideration In Rochford's deed pro vided that the deed itself was genuine. But the plaintifuls case was that this deed was forged. Thus, in fact,-forgery or no forgery, -was the real point at issue in this suit. Whenthe trial was first commenced, MIr. Darvall was Attorney-General, and AIr. Wyse, Solicitor-General. By tile time it was half over thero had been a change of ministry, and Ir. lMartin had taken the Attornoy-Geueralship, while the post ofSol.-General had beeu conferred upon a gentlcman not retained ill the cause (Mir. Lutchwyche). But although AIr. Msartin thus acquired a leading position during the progress of the trial, the actual leadership was left by professional etiquette with 1,Cr. Darvall, and the now Attorney-General, with great good taste, most completely recogntsed this leadership. As was re marked during the progress of the trial, there have been thrco Attorneys-General and two Solicitors.General of the colony engaged In this case during its various stages.-Alorning llerald. 