mciti?f,) 'k ,forcig lOx rlracts. PUBLIC SPIRIT. (From the Weekly Dispatch.) lMANCHlESTER, in an eminent deogoe the representativeoand .Axponelitiolbn im portqnt section of the niind of this coln try, has become a great emporium for the manuficture, not only of cotton but of resolutions, both beingr not unfro niluntly a very raw material indeed. Lately it bas'been in a chronic state of public nooting. Seldom has an unhappy commnnity been so bo-lectured. Verily, it labours to followv the counsel of the apostle; it would be " 1ll things to all mea, if, perchance, it might gainnsome." It deals largely in " domestics," textile ann moral, spins speeches as fast " mid dlings" or " sea-island," produces long yarns in a double sense, arid can twist on: the platform' as well as on the spini dle. In its social as in its mechanical economy, it can occasionally exhibit a self-acting mule, in the shipe of a cur rency crotchteer or'.a Peace fanatic; *and, while it looks to its power-looms, \--it also keaps ann;oye ;upnn','tho power that "looms in the futuroe.': Well, but what conios of" all this " IIor, hear !" mid " Tremendous cheering, which lasted several min uites?" What are the free proceeds to the Free Trade Hall ? What clinge do wo get out of tle Corn Exchange ? Do they meet in the Assembly- room only to rnmiinate ? Is'ti " Voice from the Mersey" mner say? Are we to get nothing from tile iibblo but ribald jests, or from the Medlock but a med lay ? Wo raepeat the question-What Js the public opinion of the people of Manchester ? Messrs. Brighlt and Gib son hold a vast public meeting. do nounce the war and the minister, " pro nounce" on the subject of national edu cation, propound "a string of resolu tions" of the usual transcendental "Manchester school" sort, and gre them carried unanimously. Neniine contradicente ; what .more need be said ? Why, :'aplarentl3, 'yith " Sir Roger de Coverey," a great 'deal may be said on botl (not to say three or any greater number of) sides. .Every "I(og hlas his day; but that is to be no hindrance to tihe mew of the cat." The " Minister" so bullragged by the *representatives of the Cotton city next mnakes his appearance, on the invitation of the most influential citizens; carries all before him; gets private assurances that he will be returned free of expense; haughs and taunts thel honourable mem bers into ' everlasting smasch," and at a great public meeting hears resolutions unanimously and onthusiastically adopt ed in diametrical opposition to those .passed at the Free Trade Hall. But what of that ? Peel came from Lancashiro, and always had three cour sea open to him, which, being sugges tive of dessert, lie at' last deserted. So MnIanchester, having unanimoisly re solved that Messrs. Bright and Gibson and Lord Palmerston are reciprocally right, wrong, and both, ineots, to hear Sir J. Pakington disagree with' Bright, nnd differ; trom Palmerston, and to agree unammously with Sir.John Pak initdin! "Under which :King Blezonian? Speak or die!" These are not the three Kings of Brentford; they will not go on harmoniously smelling at the Ssame nosegar. You have passed reso lutions by the yard; you have "re solyed, and re-resolved,' but not appa .iently to "die the same." Which are really the 'resolutions of Manchester? 'Whbt do your public meetings mean, 'hat is your actual public opinion ? We are bewildered; we don't know what you would be at; you have affirmed what you have negatived, and uuani 'moutly condenuied *lhat you have una nimously.adopted. Have you any opi nion at all, or do you propose to go about like the Red RIpiiýcan blaes) with so many bries, th i;'.betook him self at last to shouting, " No Noth ing !" Our daily journils occupy themselves with trying to discover why party is dead. Our Quarterly. Reviews write dissertations on the decay of the popu ]arity 'of Parliament. Parliamentary Sagents lament the paralysis of all elec tioneering spirit, and revising barristers declare that the public care nothing for their votes. Nay, some have had the temerity to go so far as to inquire whether Parliament be of any use; whether the age has not survived the purpose of the institution; whether the press would not form upon Government the check which Parliament was meant to exercise; whether, in point of fact, we have not been ruled by the fourth estate, and not by the third, for some years past. Are we not all falling somewhat into the Manchester way of thinkinig--that is, not thinking at all, Sbit.only resolutioning ? Sir ?tobert Peel assured his followers that the battle of the Constitution was to be fought in the Registration Courts. Can any one tell us now what the Con stitution is; what anybody professes the Constitution to be? W;y, the rankest prosy Tory, the most loyal country geaptleman, the most solemn, sapient, and.' tedious county member, laughs hysterically when any of his benighted supp'rters raise the vapid cry about the Constitution; you'can hardly geot Now degate himself to vote against a mea sure on the score of its .oL?pg" uncon stitutional;" and as for' Spooner, lhe merely says it is a very long wordl, and he does not know the meamning of it. In fact, nobody cares three straws for the " Cons'titution." Steady old politicians, committees of registration associations, and officers of election societies, lament the degeneracy of the age. Nobody will subscribe, no body will'join, nobody will " be on the committee." The local Oonsorvativw club gives up the ghost from sheer starvation, and electors profanely ask, where is the use of "keepin,- up" the Liberal opposition ?, IReformers who were wont stoutly to stick to their party, stoutly discover that there are no I'orioes now, and that there is no good in having a Liberil committee any longer. 'The same feeling pervndes all blassas. It is only fifteen years since Oastler, .Stevens, and the !'ime.s drove the work ing classes to pikes and nightly drilling:s. Twielve years ago Carlyle published his "Chartism," and prophesied revolution. O'Connor and his "Old Guard " ren dered all public meetings impossible, except to affirm Chartist revolutions; and the "Five Points" sent hundreds to jail, or the Jericho of transportation, besides to "levying war against her Maijesty" in Wales. Where is all this now? Who, out of Bedlam or Hol born, cares about the Charter? Ilow many can even partienlariso its items ? Who believes in it in earnest except Ernest Jones? Yet even he is but an. amateur, because lie is careful to tell us that lie himself has a vote, and a comne potency to support it. The great, bulk of the "working classes" havo'hetaken. th\emselves to co- operative workshops, strikeh, protests against overtime, and to.the support of the half liolidaiymove ment. If you " try on " thoe manhood qualification or universal suffrage ques tion among them, they mutter some thing About Suig's-end, and file off to tihe coffee-shop. Freehold Land Societies are, if we remember rightly, but eight, years old. They were devised of express purpose to make labouring men country voters. They were, and are, quite capable of handing over the representation of every county in the kingdom to the operative classes, because it is demonstrable that £20 is quite enough to command a fiee hold that will yield 40s., at least nomi nally. Yet how many of the unfiran chised have betaken themselves to this patont process of political emancipation? What member of a Frechold Land So ciety oever now joins it to get a vote ? The political purpose of these institu tions have been long since forgotten; thousands of Tories hold their shares in Mr. Cobden's Moorgate- street esta blishment, and the rival Conservative Institution has as as many Reformers on its books as Tories, both being alike in different to consideration of party, and confining themselves entirely to the question of profit. We cannot say we are surprised at this tendency to reaction. So much has been achieved by the people in the nc quisition of power; the promotion of re form, and the furtherance of progressive legislation, that the exhaustion of sur feit was likely to follow. When veteran patriots look back upon what they hare done, it is not surprising that they should think not much remained to be done. Even younger and more enthu siastic politicians are puzzled to indicate the next move; and organic reformers are asked what they would do with.theo Ballot and an extension of the suffrage; if they had them? The field of the dia-i lectics of State is altered. Men no longer stand demonstrating huge proved abuses waiting for redress, but without any power to abolish them. The peo pile are now rather put upon their mettle to prove what are abuses, or at lerist to show how, by more legislation, they can be removed. The most earnest thinkers, tihe boldest innovators, are driven rather to committee of inquiry than to peremp tory affirmative motions. A new phasis of thought and disquisition may be everywore observed. Even on tile sub ject of education, Churchmen are as much divided as Dissenters; and church rates themselves have their. Whig de fenders and Tory assailants. Liberals are by no means unanimous on the qluestion of competitive examinations; nd .although the greatest Conservatives advocate Administrative Reform, there is the widest diversity of opinion as to the means of achievement. It must be added that the conduct of leading statesmen has also essentially contributed to this state of affairs. Sir Robert Peel destroyed his party for the -ood of his country. His followers ran for defence to the ranks and somewhat to the principles of the Liberals; but their fiction in the Lords being still Tory, although Peelish, they never quite took the leap into the gulph of Whig gery. The coalition of Lord Aberdeen contributed to the confision of names and principles; the explosion of Lord John Russell disgusted everybody; the lefection of the Aberdeen section from Lord Palmerston has thickened tile haze into a fog; and the oraniumo gatherum of the present Cabinet lhas made con fusion worse confounded. So many needy Tories coquette with tile Premier, that the steady supporters of Conserve tive principles are already absolutely disgusted with their own party; they throw up all over the country their Re gistration Associations; they give up their old watchwords and sever their party ties. We cannot say we regard this as a healthy state of things. We do not like, in a free country, whore, by the theory of the Constitution, the people are called upon to govern themselves, that they should become indifferent to politiecs, and retire from the supervision of public aflhirs. It is the curse of the United States that her most thoughtful and worthiest citizens, disgusted with the vile knavery of trading politicinns, and the cunning ruffianism of stump oratory, retire from public life, and leave the issues of power to the most dis honest and less wise of the population. In England our best men cease to take their wonted interest in the business of the country. The "rod of empire" is resigned into the hands of waiters upon Providence; and parliament is left en tirely to trading politicians, who seek a vote simply to extort a place, and who. abandon teo business of the. nation the' moment they get other business without it, ]Even wise and honest st atosmba, who, strong in the sense of duty,.l.abour at the oalr of public life long after they take either an interest or pleasure in it, finiding themselves left by their old and respectable constituents in the hands of mere meddlesome quidnunes and noisy busybodies,-who compel them to obey not those-;who are most worthy, but those '?wlbo atke the- trouble to obtain tlhe power of dictation. Wei" have little sympathy with the spirit of Jenkins. We do not pretend to turn up the nose at cheesemongers, shoemakers, and tailors. We have no abstract antipathy to Marylebone Par liaments. or pariah-meeting patriotism. It is no presumption in our mind against either a man's capacity or his integrity that he is a tradesman. It is neither very just nor wise for our " great ones of the city," at once to decline serving municipal offices themselves, and to rail at and ridicule the Corporation, its Aldermen,- their dinn0rs, or their mis placed aspirates. Power is never left to rot or to waste. If it is not in the right hands it will assuredly get into some haIds, and the growing disposition of tho".'upper ten thousand" of the middle classes to regard party as dead, politics as, a bore, anti public life and state nffdirs as no longer a trust in the hands of every good citizen, but as only a plaything for those who will sustain the infliction of the botheration,: is a very dangerous heresy,which cannot too soon be denounced to the Inquisition of na tional common sense. In despotic coun tries the issues of power are sedulously watched by the .few into whose hands they are entrusted. They may, indeed, misgovern; but at least they do make use of the authority which public law or might gives them. The British Consti tution assumes that the right of legis lation and of executive government is in the hands of society at large, especially controlled by its most influential and intelligent members; it makes no pro vision for any other alternative methods of administration. If the wisest, best, most intelligent, and most dispassionate, therefoie, shrink from public life, and leave its affairs to pot-house brawlings and parochial cliqueism, what can result but that England should be ruled in the spirit of a Poori-law Union, and its des tinies be wielded by the soul of a paving. board, and with the sort of sense that finds its way to the cl.air at Coger's hall, or the bench of the Judge and Jury Club. ' We call, therefore, upon the thought fil and the wise, the national leaders of society, to 'shake off this apathy, andi no longer to shirk their share in guiding the operation ot our repeesentative in stitutions. The task may be irksome, the duty often not merely distateful, but the collision and social contact it involves utterly,nauseous. Noisy licentiousness, empty and pretentious stump oratory, vulgar intrigue and selfish corruption, may conspire -ith trading politicians andi patriotism according to Cocker to pbe'rcrowv honest citizenship and con ficientious public spirit; that is no reason vwhy these former should be permitted to have their way, while tergiversation and treachery to party and principle should be rewarded for knavery with the wages of integrity. It is the plain, bounden duty o? every Englishman faithfllly to use the rights devolved upon him by the coustitution of his country; to watch the register, to work stoutly at the poll, to see the right man put in the right place; and we trust. that this incumbent call will not be ignored by the temptations of a selfish indifferent ism. 