[?] English Wool Market. — The wool market is firm in London, and prices during the July sales show an advance of 2d. per lb. on all descriptions of wool as compared with the closing rates of May. I he competition during the whole of the sales has been very good. For the better quali ties of all classes of wool (particularly |choice Sydney) extreme competition has existed, and at each night's sale fine clothing clips were dearer, the foreign buyers taking nearly all, and on re ference to the following list of prices it will be seen what extreme rates have been paid for the better classes from all ports. The sales close on the 22nd August, and the prospects arc good. Sydney. — Extra, 3p. to 3s. id. ; superior flocks in best condition, 2s. 7d. to 2s. 11£<I ; average to good, in fair condition, 2s. to 2s. 3d.; ordinary, and ill conditioned flocks, Is. 9d. to 2s. ; scoured clothing, 2s. 2d. to 3s. 2d. ; ditto, lambs, 2s. to 2s. lOd. ; fair and handwashed skins, Is. lOd. to 2s. 2d.; inferior, lk 7d. to Is. lOd. ; lambs', extra good, 2s. to 2s. 4£d ; ditto, inferior to average; 1. 6d. to Is. Ild.; broken locks, &c.;, Is. 2d. to 2s. lid. ; in grease, lOd. to Is. 3£d. The Corporation of London have decidtd on presenting io the Duke of Cambridge the freedom of the city and a sword of the value of 200 guineas. The Administrative Reform Association has given up the ghost. It has been in existence rather more than two years, and its course, wo are sorry to say, has been very pretentious, but very useless. Tiie Irish Constabulary. — The Monster papers complain of the constabulary resigna tions which nave been going forward for soitfe time. Having been seized with the mania of emigration, the most useful and trusted of this excellent body, officers as well, as men, are throwing up their appointments in order to embark for Australia. Scarcely a day passes, in which four or five resignations arc not re ported. Tiie Army in Ireland. — Wo have learned that orders have been received by thci authori ties here, to increase the effective strength of every regiment serving in - Ireland to onct thousand strong. — Dublin livening Post. Miss Madeline Smith. — The Glasgow Courier states, that Mrs. Smith is in a very cri tical condition, and is rapidly sinking under the calamity which has been brought upon that family by the unfortunate daughter. The death of Mr. Muntz. having caused a. vacancy in the representation of Birmingham,, a large meeting was held at the Town Hall, when a strong resolution in favor of Mr. John Bright, the former member for Manchester, was- agreed to. Mr. Baron Webster, an emi nent wire manufacturer, consented to stand on the liberal interest, hut subsequently retired. The nomination took place on the 10th of August, when no opponent to Mr. Bright ap pearing, that gentleman was duly proposed and elected. His brother-in-law, Air. Duncan Al'Larcn, returned thanks on liis behalf, and the proceedings terminated. AIilitary Promotion. — The Queen has been graciously pleased to give orders for the appointment of Colonel Edward M' Arthur, serving with the rank of Major-General in Australia, and for some time administering the Government of the colony of Victoria, to bo an Ordinary Member of the Civil Division of the Third Class, or Companion of the most Hon. Order of the Bath. Great Storm in London. — One of the most violent storms that has visited this country for many years, swept over the metropolis and nearly every part of England, on the evening and night of tho 13th of August. Some strik ing incidents marked the tempest in London. In the morning, the thermometer, in the shade, varied considerably, the mercury rising from GO to GO degrees Fahrenheit in a few hours, while at noon, although rain was falling heavily, the glass rose to 70 degrees. The darkening of the heavens about G o'clock, indicated the com ing storm, which burst over London in fearful sheets of lightning and peals of thunder. Great damage was done in tho neighborhood of the river, and one of the iron columns of a gasometer being struck by lightning, the gas, comprising many hundred thousand feet, be came ignited. Fortunately, however, speedy means were adopted for extinguishing the . flames. In tho country, great injury has been inflicted on the crops. W'e hail been congratu lating ourselves on the prospect of an early and abundant harvest, when this terrible visitation came, carrying destruction in its train. The extent of the injury has not been ascertained, but there is reason to fear that in several places the outlying and standing crops of cereals have suffered irretrievably. The railways in various parts of the country have been injured. A portion of the Nottingham and Lincoln railway was completely swept away by torrents rushing clown from the hills, telegraphic communica tion interrupted, and the mail bags delayed six or seven hours. The Great Northern line was flooded in a similar manner, and the rails and sleepers raised out of their position. A terrible scene occurred between Coulton and Newark, where a large hotly of water had passed over the line, raising the rails as the waters, rapidly increasing, continued to rise. The night was fiitcli dark, illuminated only by flashes of ightning, when a passenger train approached this spot. It dashed into the flood, the rails rose and fell once or twice, and then the engine capsized, and the passenger carriages with it, plunging into the water. The confusion that ensued was appalling. The carriages were smashed, and the passengers for the most part severely injured. Similar accidents occurred on other lines, and great difficulty has been found in re-opening the communication. A second storm hurst out on the following even ing, hut by no means of so violent a character. Death of M. F. Delane, Esq. — Death lias removed one who has, in his day, played an important part in British journalism. Tho late Air. Delane has for many years had no avowed connection with the newspaper press, but the influential position he for merly filled m the management of the Times has made his name, as it were, a household word with English newspaper readers. In con ducting a London daily journal, tact, extensive knowledge of political and mercantile affairs, business talent, are perhaps even more indis pensable than literary talent. Though noways deficient in accomplishments and cultivated taste, it was for his services in the managing department that Air. Delane was chiefly re markable ; and when we have added that the journal to which these services were rendered was the Times, we need say no more. As Blucher was called the arm, and Gncisenau the head of the Prussian army, so Delane and Sterling may he said to have been in their day the thought and the articulate voice of the Times. Though Mr. Delano never stooped to win popularity, there was a frankness and cor diality in his manner of transacting business that conciliated goodwill while it won esteem. In his family circle he was deeply and tenderly , beloved, and it was his fortunate lot to expire i surrounded by its sorrowing attentions. Mr. ! Delaino died at the house of his son, near , I Norwich, on the 29th of July, in the 64th I year ot his age, 