I METROPOLITAN GOSSIP.; I ; ; (From the Liverpool Albion, Augwt Vf.) > ; We nothing know of oar greatest men, says tue adage Among the most > illustrions unknown is certainly tb individual who invented the unicorn for > the purpose o keeping the British lion in countenance. He-not thi unicorn, > but'the other gentleman-must have been a wag of infinite point to confront > the stolid matter-of-fao leonine brute with a frisky capricorn whose > existent is as apocryphal as a phoenix or a mermaid. The intro, duetion of > the ambiguous animal into the national armi was a piquant satire on the > national oharacter, the mos! anomalous, bewildering, perplexing, and self- > contradio tory of all human compositions. Take the current sample, as the > Mincing-lane grocers say. For the last fortnight the one thing talked of, > thought of, dreamt of, droned over, groaned ovor, ground over in every > mental mill in this metropolis has been the fate of Delhi. The belief in its > fall kept all things else from falling. Il the public would - have believed > that it oould have avoided falling, they would have boon prostrated. But > they wouldn't so believe, and their want of faith sus. tained the infidel > Christians. Occasionally a surmise as to the possibility of a mistake shot > spasmodically through the general mind ; hut it was rejsoted with the > scornful indignation o.f a man who knows ibero is no such thing as a ghost, > but is troublod with an apparition in consequence of undigested lobster. > Nevorthetess, there was an if. Suppose, only suppose, tho mail came in, and > left Delhi where it was?. Why, in that all but inconceivable case, bulls and > boars would rush en matte, like other historical hogs possossed by evil > spirit, and take to the coaly streamlet that meanders Lethe-like from > suioidal London-bridge to solomn sounding Gravesend. Well, tho mail has como > in, and Delhi.isn't down ; and what's the consequence?. Why the feto de te > people fall a-laughing, like the facetious dog belonging to Mother Hubbard, > when that philan- thropie female had returned from the .joinor's with a > coffin for canine subterranean convenience. Yes, our commercial community > are positively "hilarious," to use Vernon Smith's favourite adjeotivo. This, > day woek the funds kept running down Uko tho lost Atlantic cable, beoause of > tho general persuasion that though Delhi has been stormed, it was at severe > exponso ; but now it is quite, certain Durham is considerably more under the > influence of English cannons than Delhi, the funds ran up again; East India > railway stock looks radiant in the faoo of gloomy Great AVostorn ditto ; and > a Cornhill clerk feels aa proud of knowing a sudsing nabob in Leadenhall- > street as a Capel.court stag in MO did of being on speaking terms with > anybody who knew somebody who could say ho know Goorgo Hudson, How do you aooount for this ? You oan't ; so there's no use trying; therefore there's no uso talking nbouHt; so let us talk of somothing elso. Still.- the talk must bo of Delhi, for thoro's nothing else to talk about, at loost nothing that will bo listoncd to.'f Palmerston's talk about it is, of oourse, in everybody's mouth, particularly that part of his talk which pooh-poohed tho passage of troops >y tho Red Sea. He seems somewhat ashamed of himself in that respect; for, last eight, in speaking of tho Euphrates Valley business, ha discoursed very mildly about Suez and so forth, whereon he was BO rampant a fow nights ago. Porhaps thnro was reason for this, that ia for tho sudden mitigation in his tono towards, tho isthmus-Ats " Isthmian gamu" indeod I Juntas ho. got on - bis logs, and, as usual, turnod his book on tho ropertors' gallery, as if ho innooontly thought stonogra ßby was among tho lost art«, buriod with tho Ptolemies, ke tho aoienoo of hieroglyphics, for whioh it io the substitute, in thoro walked to tho diplomatic gallery right opposite P., a vary romarkablo, and no loss roraarkably-loohing personago-an t-ldorly gentleman, with a white faoo, and very white hair. " Dallas,'.' you exolaim, of course. Thon of coursa it isn't. Dallas's hair is long, and wavy, and Jeremy Benthamy, and Ben- jamin Franklinly, and that sort of out. But tho hair of thin individual is SB short ns that of tho stumpiest of sarubbing-brushas on a Saturday night aftor a> wook'tl friotion on no ond of logs of mahogany chairs and tables. Tho whiskcrloss visago was at onoo sly and frank, thc expression bold and furtivo ; thc costume (a morning ono) flimplo to a quafcoriahnoss, yoi a modol of tailory ; tho whole mien full of that strength and oaso, polish and improssivouosR, whioh stamp a foreigner of high I stutus, for yon saw 1)0 was foreign at ft ßlanoo, though wherein he exactly differed from . native yon oonldn' tall; indeed he might peas for a stage English eo gentleman, there being a good deal «boat him recalled Cobbett, that is, the original Grii not the present warming-pan for Oldham. B had the distinguished alien sat down, when int« adjoining compartment there popped another ; t haired, vivaciously black-eyed, dark- skinned, in evening dress, the pink of Parisian propriety, suffi to drive a molasses Narcissus of Liverpool to Bra himself in the Rivington Pike in despair of approa suoh a toilette. Tbo pair pat their beads togetbei a picturesque tête-à-tite it was to look at :-What m have been to listen to I However, it didn't las minutes, though doubtless in that time more was than if other people talked for two hours, partioula they resembled Mr. Gladstone, - who requires h column of small print to ask what's o'clock, and am half-oolumn to make sure that the hour named is ii there be a chronometrical possibility that it rr oonld, or should be p.m. But who are the couple of curiosities f Ah, you well ask. They are two of the primest, or at lea prime, professors of humbug as any in the wide wor Chsrletanrie, there being only a solitary living supe and he's not far off. Number One is Croptowitz Muscovite Mephtstophiles ; Number Two, . Persi Frenoh ditto :-verb. »ap. What more need bo s Well, now, imagine our British babe of graoe gettin to discourse in their presence on, of all topios unde: sun, politioal and physical geography as bearing Holborn-hill and the Hoogley. Everybody share* feeling of the philosopher who deolared that . puzzled bim most in Paganism was bow the pr could meet each other in the streets without laughii each other's faces; and no doubt it was a terrific tri human endurance :-the fortitude of tho Xaoedemo young gentleman, who allowed the fox to breal off his kidneys, without wincing, must have 1 I a joke to it. Yet what is it to Palmerston being obi to fill the wool-gathering ears of fhe-oongreg gobemouches called the House of Commons, with y I about the Euphrates moonshine, Creptowitz and signy looking en I Dame Quiokly'a amazement at I imperturbability of Falstaff enacting the King at ; Boar's Head, [vide Cruikshank after Brough,] o not have exceeded that of the plonipos on behol Pam go through the part as gravely as if he ri meant what he said, or intended that it should con anything. Of oonrse they were too well bred to gi or titter while he waa going through the boous-pc as solemnly as Robert Houdin when pretending to 1 bumpkin's watch and chain in his hat. But .tho ment be sat down, they rushed out; an.d, prese after,.a sort. of percussionary chin-couching was h under the gallery, the cause whereof it might no altogether extravagant te trace to the exhibition corded. -Whether the Tiverton humourist really k of their coming, and conducted himself nccordir there is no saying. But' it is Inoky that it was Euphrates that was primarily being j Jbbered about ; even fae, inimitable alike in audaoity as in art, ni could have ventured before Creptowitz to say » he said a night or two ago, and made bis Admiralty i say for him, namely, that India could not be reinfoi promptly lest the honorable William Frederick A phus Bruce, or whoever is his successor as our Cot General, should be put to the inconvenience of writ several letters on the subject, showing that there i in Macadamized roads, canteens, or patent s I acting water-closets, in the neighbourhood the Pyramids :-objections . which our Brit Grand Vizier very properly regards «as .settling business. Before, however, coinciding in that cone sion, just let ns look at the matter with a little, of. sobriety proportioned to its gravity; and for that p pose we oan't do botter than throw a glance over through the retrospective speotaolea of our unparagoi Premier's experience. - Palmerston is old enough perfectly well to renierai .1709 ; Brougham, who is but littlo his senior, was wi ing on foreign politics at the time ; and bis sohoolfellt lansdowne, was Fox's Chancellor of the Exohequer sr afterwards, Palmerston himself being one of Percev* ministry in less than half a dozen years subsequent Within the single year of '09 were crowded numere events, any one of whioh would have been impossil bad suoh exouies as the noble viscount's about definier of transport prevailed. The campaigns of Kray, Sn row, and Bellegarde, in Italy, of tho Archduke Char on the Rhine, of tho Duke of York in North HOIIJI and of Bonaparte in "Egypt, were compressed into t compass of that year. In all, the opérations were ec ducted in the midst of hostile populations, in tho face opposing armies on every side ; and lack of transpi was the dominant difficulty. Tbe Russian Gene: came from one extremity of Europe to tbe other, ov ran Switzerland and the greater part of Italy, and, bei unsupported by promised succour, fought his way bi in the face of enormous impediments. And what * the conduct of Bonaparte ? His fleet, under Admii Bruix, escaping out of Brest, and throwing Engla into the direst consternation, found refuge in Tonic and thence sailed for Alexandria. On its w thither, despite the . knowíedgo ° that Nelson w sweeping the seas in pursuit, the General i mained to capture Malta, and placed a garrisi of 4000 men there, arriving on the Egyptian ooast afti the British, yet eluding it sufficiently to effect a debar! ation, but the Frenoh fleet being presently annihilati in Aboukir roads, thus sealod up the invader, as it wer With this knowleige of his retreat being out ol Napoleon assaulted Alexandria, aot out for Cairo, ac took it, after two pitchel battles of exceeding severii and obstinacy, one being that whioh he said "fori centuries" had put on their spectacles to behold. Bt though a conqueror, he was always a pacificator an oonoiliAtor, and in a fashion Lord Canning might coi template with envy for tts success, if not respeat for il morality. Throughout bis. sojourn in the country, h paid, in his own person, (but 'not to tho rldioulou exoess alleged as to turning Mabomedan, for 'ho wei knew that would only disgust those he desired to con ciliate,) and. oausod his soldiers t.*> pay, the utmoc respeot to tho prejudices and usages, both civil an religious, of the Egyptians, But multiplied danger arose, from England and the Porte on either side and the Mamelukes in the centre. To orush at a blot all who were adverse to his' designs, ho resolvod on ai expedition aoross the desert, into Syria, direotin, another division up tho Nile, to effeof a diversion. Ii spite of all impediments from' Nature and the enemy his army of thirteen thousand men, Barnard's numbo at Delhi, with all i's materiel, effected a junotion of it threo divisions at tho appointed time before El-Arish held by a ga-rison of 3000 men. This wai carried, as was also Jaffa, after a desperat« defence hy tho Turks; and there only remained Acre, where Bonaparte WAS checked .for th< same reason that Barnard is said to be before Delhi wont of battering ordnnnoe. Unlike Barnard, however, Bonaparte assaulted tho place with suoh fury, and was met so furiously, 'that, to 'uso the words of Comte Mathien Dumas, who was proBent, and wrote a narra- tive many years afterwards, 'it was " une continuité d'Assauts et do combat livres dans un etpaoe si réservé, que les assiégeons et les assiégés furent pondant deux mois A la distanoe da jet d'une pierro lea uns des autres." Aero was defended by the ferocious Djozzar Paoha, «rhoae wrath was more terrible to his own sol- diers than fear of the Frenoh; and by Sir Sydnoy Smith,' and his skilled gunners, with heavy guns, front the British fleet. Delhi is held by Lal Khan, a Mussul mon subahdar of tho 3rd Cavalry, generalissimo, and Buloho Sing, a Hindoo subahdar -of the 10th Foot, soaond in command, though our London editorial Solo, mons, and of oourso thoir provino'al buokoos, koop jabbering that theologlo animosity is too great to prevent tho least unison of notion against us. Tho Frenoh, as all the world knows, had to rotroat before tho fol. lower of tbe Prophet and tin Giaour. . Ab it. omen in re Barnard I But oonsidorinct that ho has more: men before Delhi than' Bonaparte . had boforo Aore, Bob! Aeres will pop into ono's hoad -instead of a moro complimentary' hind of Rival. No loss grand in rotreat than advanoe was tho Corsican. During his absence, and in spite of Dassaix, tho Mamelukos had again rlson, and a Turkish army had plaood Alexandria iu a stnto of investment. Bonaparto flow to its assistance ; fell upon tho bosiegors in their entrenchments; smoto them hip and thigh; ptft-Klebar -" the Just Sultan'.'-n Fronoh Chorlos Napier-in dom mond; came hame through forests of foreign oruiscsj tumblod up ono side of the Alps, tumbled down the other side of ditto; at Marengo squashod the two-headed gooso of Aus tría,, who thought to Rave tho o.ipitol by gabbling. Yet Civis Romanus, with all this in his mind's eye, talks of Egypt being inconvenient for the passage of British troops, who must, therefore, be sent by long sea, just as if steam had got no further than in the time of Fulton, whom Napoleon would have made a duke for boiling a paddle-wheel up to three miles an hour, only ho was never out of hot water himself so as to examine tho thing coolly. Fancy Pondicherry in revolt just now, Napoleon alive, steam as it is, Europe at peace with France, Egypt open, and tho Pacha friendly ; and then fancy tho Ministor of Marino proposing to voyige to tho Orient in tho ancient mariner manner of Vasco de Gama, via tho Cape of Storms ! Why Nap would have tho Gaul Wood's head on tho block in tho twinkling of a ninepin, or tho Gaul's body braced up in a strait waistcoat as a model maniac. Persigny having road tho rubbish roported in tho papers about Suez, must havo oomo in last night thinking to hoar moro of it, in oonnootion with tho Euphrates. But Palmers- ton, though naturally anxious to obliga tho roprc ssntalive of the nephew of tbe po»ibumou« and f emptoiy potentate we have been talking aboat, BteM pretty clear of the Isthmus on this oocasioD, coo cold- shouldering it ont of the debate, into whioh all so of oddities were imported, just as it cocnrred to anjo« to say anything apropos of nothing at all. Thus Lc John Russell, seeming suddenly to recollect the Fluell precedent as to the similarity between Macedon a Monmouth .booause there was a river in both, betbbaj. him, that as the Tigris was in Asia, so was tho Tiber Europe ; and thereupon, without more ado, " accoutr as he stood," a-Za Julius Caesar, for though without eba armour, he is mailed in brass, ha " plunged in," ai dabbled about like a delirious grampus, as to thoocoup tion of the Roman States, Austrian intervention, and I kinds of -irrelevancies, calling upon Palmerston to pr nounce, whioh, of course, Palmerston did, in bis usu ¡ pellucid and perspicacious fat-bion, namely, saying not ; syllable as .to the subject Iiis " noble friend" demand« Í the minutest explicitness about. Lucky for Lord Jot that the member for Dungarvon, Maguire, had depart« 1 for tbe remainder of tho session, or we should have bi a circumstantial confutation, or at any rate an ove i powering contradiction of his lordship's allegation aboi the temporal condition of St. Peter's patrimony. M [ Maguire now almost the ulttmut Xomanorum of tl I Brigade, and by his ability and honesty (sometim« developed in extremis), fast making way in tho house, I the horror of Hayter, who can't understand why a idolstor shouldn't fall down before the golden calf of til Treasury, bas just published five hundred and odd vet odd pages of his experiences in the Eternal Cit; which, according to him, is rapidly, approximatin to what must have been the condition of tb Garden of Eden before the discovery of the fig-leaf, c rather the discovery of the necessity for it. Pío Nono i the hero of the boob, and very heroic he is, though in mild manner, wearing his beaver up in by no means tb aggressive fashion whioh oertain of his predecessor observed in carrying their triple-hatted bead piecei The volume reads like a romance, and a most uniqo one it is, being a romance of statistics ; not meaning b; that figurative phrase that the arithmetic is imaginativ« much less imaginary ; for it dispels, instead of croating ilinsions. But educational, criminal, sanitary, commet oial, and all other Roman returns, are made to product Buoh a picture of patriarchal administrative excellence that, if his Holiness will only come over here next May Lord Shaftesbury will present him tb the shoe-blael corps, to prove that red-heeled slippers are not incom patible with proper footsteps ; while Sir Benjamin Hal will take bim to Printing-house-square, as the man «tone capable of cleariog up the two great Blnckfriari mysteries of the time, 1st, how to clarify the Thames ¡ 2ndly, how to drive oxen through London without in. commoding nervous gentlemen who have editorial busi- ness to transact in the neighbourhood of Apothecaries1 Hill. Seriously, however. Mr. Maguire's book is I most remarkable and instructive one, though ultra, montane in its religious tenets and anti-republican in its political. .But, a zealot himself, he is tolerant ol zealotry in others. " A fellow feeling mnkes him wost drous kind ;" and perhaps he is the first of his kind tl whom any thing of the sort could be said. Truth, ac- cording to his light, seems to be-the object of bis search'; be spares no pains in the exploration ; and, when found, whether ic makes for or against bim, lie discloses it preoiscly in the stato bo finds it, without concealment or disguise. This alone should ensure a general pass- port into most circles for his otherwise curiously attrac- tive publication. " The author, despite the intensity of his pontifical predilections, does justice to the defence of Rome under the Triumvirate of Mazzini, Armanelli, and Saffi—a defence in itself sufficient to stamp the uprising of the nationalities in '48 as an intellectual phenomenon that will command the admiration of posterity, however dis- credited by tho parochial politicians of the day. The military judgment and fertility of resource exhibited by Garibaldi on that occasion—though equalled by Mazzin's no less glorious defence of Venice shortly after—have never been surpassed. Seeing what 'we see of the deification of our Brummagem Bayards—Cardigans, Sir Fenwicks, and what not—with their teaboard papier- machè painted portraits, in all sorts of impossible attitudes, staring us out of countenance from every corner, while not a print and not a biography of the great Italian soldier and patriot is anywhere to be met, it would seem as if Fame has degenerated in common with all antique deities, and become as disreputable as certain other femininities of the heroic mythology. A more thorough type of the genuine old Roman than Garibaldi never thundered in the forum, never lightened in the field beneath the eagle-crowned banner of the republic and its device, S.P.Q.R. To him those letters have the same significance A.D. 18r7 as to a Civis Romanus B.C. 657, when. Leofric, Earl of Mercia, the heptarchial predecessor of our Comio Civis, wasn't within a thousand years of knowing who his mother was, or rather was to be. Garibaldi is called a soldier of fortune, but there never was a greater misnomer. He has fought under many flags, in many climes, on land and sea :—but not in the mode of Dugald Dalgetty ; never for money, ever for freedom ; and to the betrayal of freedom no money could tempt him. When, for instance, he and his handful held the lines of Monte Video against Rosas, the Borgia of La Plata, he might have had his weight in gold to give up his trust At that time he was so completely penniless that his clothes were in tatters, and be often had to wait for morning light to write a report by, being unable to buy a candle. For days and days together his fare and that of his followers was a few beans steeped in water. Such was the force of his example and their own sense of honour, that his countrymen were faithful as himself, and as uncomplaining, despite all privations and hard- ships, and all arrears of pay—to the never-ending as- tonishment of Cockney philosophers, who fancy that punctual pork rations and cash settlements are the sole sustenance of military stamina, the sole incentive to soldierly ardour. Occasionally there would be a black sheep in tho little flock, or wolf in sheep's clothing, dis- posed to prey on the people. Short, sharp, and decisive was their disposal. The General coolly blew their brains out; yet he was as considerate of the comfort of his band as a mother of her children ; nursed them in sickness; sustained them in sorrow; the first to advance where danger was greatest, the last to retreat, whatever the odds, and they were generally a thousand to one. Death and he became so familiar that there soemed the best possible understanding between them. Eight bul- lets have been known to riddle his ragged costume in a single day, leaving his Carrara skin, white as monu mental marble, unchizelled by a scratch. Like tho old stamp of men, in whose mould he has been cast, he is an amphibious warrior, and battles on wave and shore with like skill and hardihood. After conntless vicissi- tudes, but constant ever to tho one couse, he now abides ' in the native city of Columbus, the portrait of the great Genose, by the way, being seemingly a family likeness. Garribaldi so far differs from Mazzini that he thinks Piedmontese freedom better than none at all ; whereas the immutable tyrannicide considers a crown on any brow, from Alp to hyracuse, as equivalent to the bar- barian stalling his horse in capitol ; and, moreover, he regards tho Sardinian as a bastard barbarian, worse than the external Huns beyond the Po, or Gauls beyond the Rhone. 