LECTURE. The following lecture " On the Advantages of Sunday Schools, and the Qualifications and Privileges of Sunday School Teachers," was delivered by the Bishop of Sydney, on Tuesday evening, in the School Room, Castlereagh-street. The task I have undertaken this evening will probably appear, to some to be a work of supererogation. Few persons are disposed to deny the advantages of Sunday Schools, and it is hardly to be supposed that anything new can be said upon a theme which has for years engaged the attention of the benevolent, the pious, and the ones. I do not profess to be able to bring forth anything original on this subject; my observations are rather the result of experience, and as my object is to give assistance and advice, there is this advantage in the course I propose to take, that where advice is sought it is not so much originality as experience which we desire. As a teacher in Sunday Schools more than thirty years ago, as one deeply interested in them in my own parishes at home, and fully alive to their importance in this country, I gladly comply with the wish that has been, expressed, that I should introduce a more combined and extended effort on behalf of Sunday Schools in connexion with the Church of England by means of this lecture. When in the year 1781, Robert Raikes seeing the children playing in the streets of Gloucester on Sunday evening, was moved with compassion towards them, and collected and taught them, he little knew what a mighty movement he was originating, or that wherever the English language is spoken his effort would be repeated, and the work begun in that cathedral city be carried forward in every portion of the habitable globe. But so it is. At the present time a district without a Sunday School is but little removed from barbarism ; the want of one indicates a state of indifference and neglect most culpable where it can be removed ; most lamentable where it is unavoidable. One of the first objects of a clergyman must be to establish in his parish a school for the instruction of the young members of his flock upon the Lord's Day. The advantages of such an arrangement are acknowledged by its almost universal adoption. The evidence for its excellence is found in the common consent of mankind, and if the plan is of comparatively recent origin, its principles we may be sure are deeply rooted in the necessities of human nature, and commend themselves to the common sense and good feeling of all reasonable persons. Sunday Schools have been sometimes objected to as interfering with family instruction, and as at the best a " necessary evil," which if all parents did their duty, and if all families were ordered in a Christian manner, would cease to exist. The mention of such an objection appears to be its best refutation. The time when all parents do their duty, and all families are ordered in a Christian manner, has not yet arrived. At present the Sunday School is a necessity, because in many cases parents are ignorant and careless, and where they are not so, the Sunday School is of great advantage. If the children of ignorant and irreligious parents in the middle and lower classes are to receive any religious instruction at all on Sunday, it cannot be in the family, it must be in the school. To the children of such parents the blessings of Christianity may thus be communicated and can we imagine any contrast greater than that between the condition of a child abandoned to street education, and of one kindly, intelligently, and prayerfully watched over by a pious Sunday School teacher ? Humanly speaking, there is no hope that Christian influence will ever touch the borders of a certain portion of the population except through the agency of the Sunday School, We affirm, therefore, that in order to give these children any hope of growing up sober, moral, and de- vout members of society, it is absolutely necessary that such an institution should existing necessary for their social and spiritual well-being, as air, food, and. clothing are for their natural life and health. Doubtless, there are children found in our Sunday Schools who, without them, would receive religious instruction. Yet even for these children, the advantages of a Sunday School are not few. The regularity and method of instruction-the ability and Christian character of the teacher-the sympathy of members the connection between the Sunday School and the Church, are all advantages not to be found, elsewhere. These advantages have induced parents of all ranks in America to send their children to the Sunday School. In Lancashire and, Yorkshire persons of all ages attend them, so that it is by no means uncommon to find those who have attended a Sunday School to an advanced period in life, and I am acquainted with one parish in Shropshire where the most interesting sight of this kind that I ever saw, was the presence of married and aged persons, both men and women, in classes at the Sunday School. In that parish the whole population appeared in one way or another, to be brought under the influence of Sunday School teaching, with the most happy results. But the advantages of a Sunday School are not confined to the children. Many parents, can trace their own reception of the blessing of the gospel to the influence of the Sunday School upon their children. Many households have become orderly and quiet on Saturday night because of the necessity for early Sunday hours, in order that the children may be made ready for school. " Parents have been led to the House of God by the persuasion of a child, and I have heard of instances in which the sweater and the drunkard have been effectually rebuked and led to see the error of their ways by the gentle expostulation of an infant from a Sunday School. The influence of the Sunday School upon the teacher is very important part of this subject. Sunday School teaching opens a door of usefulness to many who would otherwise be deprived of any opportunity of benefitingtheirfellow-creatures. The effort to impart good is a blessing to him who makes it, and the Sunday School has been the means of training up numbers of men and women to habits of usefulness the church in a way which no other discipline could have effected. The annals of every well conducted Sunday School will shew that in process of time it has been the seed plot of the missionary and ministerial field. A Sunday School, of no great size, in a parish which was once a portion of one of mine, has in about 15 years sent forth seven of its teachers to these honourable employments, and many of our most successful missionaries many of our most valuable clergymen, have put forth their first efforts in behalf of their fellow-men in the work of the Sunday School. The kindly feelings which are cherished by the Sunday School, the happy relation established between the teachers and the class, are amongst the social advantages of the Sunday School. A kind and conscientious teacher will obtain such a hold upon the affections of the children as will cause him to be regarded as their best friend and adviser in all circumstances of difficulty and doubt. I regard a well ordered Sunday School, therefore, as not only the means by which religious instruction is to be communicated, which is its first and highest object, but as fraught with a variety of collateral advantages to the families of the children, to the teachers themselves, and to society at large advantages which no other institution can impart in the social structure the philanthropist and the statesman, as well as the divine, will give a very prominent and important position to the Sunday School. The advantages of Sunday Schools appear to me to be capable of extension in several directions. It may be a question whether as in America the children of the higher portion of the middle classes as well as the children of the lower, should attend the same Sunday school, because it is possible that by such an arrangement the children of the lower classes would be excluded. There is, indeed, an observation made by a recent traveller in the United States, which shews that in some instances this has been the case. But there can be no question that every clergyman ought to provide special religious instruction for those young members of his flock, who do not attend the Sunday School. He might meet the females at one hour and the youths at another ; the former on a week day, the latter, if practicable, on Sunday. A clergyman without these Bible classes can hardly be said to comply with the spirit of the Saviour's command, " Feed my lambs." The extension of Sunday Schools in another direction can be open to no objection, and though perhaps not so easily accomplished, chiefly requires a will. The schools I should be glad to see multiplied, are not only the regular Sunday Schools, but what may be termed Local Sunday Schools. We are all acquainted with densely populated streets, where, on every Lord's Day evening crowds of children are congregated for amusement and occasionally for mischief. If a benevolent and competent person would take a room in such a district and open a school between the hours of half-past 5 o'clock and 7 o'clock, and collect 12 or 20 children and carry on this school without being wearied or discouraged, he would, in due season, reap an ample reward in the good done and the pleasure enjoyed. If the pious members of a congregation would set this before them as a work to be done in the district where their pastor laboured, and if they could establish and sustain two or three schools of this kind, I am persuaded that few things would tend more to the evangelization of the masses of the children than such a scheme fairly carried out. It would be inexpensive, would not interfere with the services of Sunday, and would offer the advantages of a school to the children at a time when they could most easily attend. Sunday services for children have been tried with some success. One of the most able and practical of the English clergy, the Rector of St. Martin's, Birmingham, is strenuously advocating this plan. A service of this, kind was commenced by my much lamented young friend, Mr. Goodman, and has since that time been carried on by his successor. I believe that it has quite answered the expectations of its promoters. It seems to me also that the occasional catechising of the children by the clergyman either in the church or in the school, is a practice which might be more generally adopted than I have reason to believe is at present the case. The Sunday School may be a substitute for catechising, and I think in many respects an advantageous one, but it ought not wholly to supersede so ancient and excellent a practice. The success of a Sunday School must however depend upon its character, and this again upon the teachers engaged in it. The golden lamp must have oil; the burnished candlestick is comparatively of little value unless the light burn brightly upon it will external appliances may be prepared, the room, the books, the day, the teachers, and the children, and nothing follow but disappointment and failure, - unless the teachers are of the right stamp and pursue a right method. This will lead me to speak upon the second branch of my subject : the qualifications of teachers. 1\. The teacher of a Sunday School should be a person thoroughly in earnest in his work. One who is indifferent about the matter he has undertaken, of whatever kind it may be, will hardly ever succeed in it, but where mind, and youthful mind, is to be influenced, there interest, sympathy, the earnest desire to produce a beneficial effect are essentially necessary. " When I find my children inattentive," said a celebrated teacher, " I look for the fault in myself and find it there." That interest which shows itself in an earnest manner will create interest ; but to act upon others it must be genuine. A painted fire gives no warmth; a simulated interest is soon detected; hut when a teacher feels the value of a child's soul, be cause he knows the worth of his own, when out of love to Christ he desires to impart the knowledge of the Redeemer's love, when, with a a deep sense of the responsibility of the work he seeks prayerfully the guidance and help of the Holy Spirits power will accompany his teaching which no mere natural gifts can impart. Because he has believed he will speak as one who knows and is persuaded of the truth of the subjects of his teaching. 2\. A teacher ought to qualify himself for his duties by preparation. To go to school without knowing what is to be taught is the lowest depth of negligence in Sabbath School teaching. To go without knowing what is to be said is not much better. One of the most eloquent and gifted of extempore preachers said, " I hold that man to be worse than a fool who rises up in an assembly not knowing what he is to say." I hold that Sabbath School teacher to be unworthy of the name, who offers to teach his class the meaning of the word God without diligent and prayerful preparation. It would be well if the lessons in a Sunday School were" arranged for half-a- year. If all the classes were taught the same subject at the same time, on a plan published by the Church of England Sunday School Institute, the teachers, the children, and the pastor would all know the subject for each Sunday. The time and manner of preparing lessons may be discussed hereafter, no rule can be laid down which shall be applicable to all cases ; but there ought to be reading, writing, and prayer. The preparation should comprise the comparison of Scripture with Scripture, the consultation of authorities, the preparation of written notes, prayer for the divine teaching and influence, and then from a full heart the mouth will speak, and the manuscript may be safely left at home-the words will follow when the matter is prepared. _ 3. WATCHFULNESS OVER THE CmLDREy. This will display itself in a variety of ways. In his attendance at school the teacher will never-be late. If he is, either the children have become disorderly during his delay, and have lost the proper tone and frame of mind in which their duties should commence, or, finding that the teacher- is late, will themselves be late Every teacher ought to be in his class at least five minutes before the appointed hour of assembling, in order that he may watch over his children. ' "This watchful spirit will show itself by his care over each child. In each child the individual character will be manifested and will require its peculiar treatment. One child may easily be discouraged by the reproof which is necessary to repress the forwardness of another. Timidity and boldness, slowness and vivacity should not be treated alike. A watchful teacher will, where it is practicable, accompany his class to church, and sit with the children, Sunday schools have in many instances failed to attach children to their place of worship ; when they leave the one, they too commonly abandon the other. A great reform both in churches and Sunday Schools is probably required before this evil can be wholly re- medied. But if the teacher will instruct the class in the use of the Prayer Book, will endeavour to give the children an interest in the service by suitable explanations of it, will question them upon the sermon, and try to make them understand and feel the benefits of public worship, he will thus convert them from indifferent and troublesome spectators into devout and intelligent worshippers. If some other advantages can be gained-if the children can be properly accommodated, and not thrust into corners or shut up in galleries where they can neither hear nor see, and if the pastor will remember that the children form a part of his congregation, and should occasionally be addressed by him, it may be hoped that their going to church will be somewhat in the spirit of Him who said " I was glad when they said unto me, let us go up to the House of the Lord." The watchfulness of the teacher will extend over the children during the week. Every teacher ought to know the residence of his children, and ordinarily to become acquainted with their parents. An absent child should feel that his teacher will call and enquire into the reason of his absence ; a sick child should know that there is one whose interest in him and watchfulness over him, will surely bring him to his bed of languishing, and will endeavour to make the sickness of the body conducive to the well-being of the soul. I know of instances where this watchful- ness of the teacher has been attended with the happiest results, and where young persons placed out in life owe their bright prospects of usefulness and their po culiar fitness for the situations they fill to the constant watchful care of a pious and intelligent teacher. 4\. The teacher will be a person of prayer. The watchman wakes in vain, the builder's effort is fruitless, without the care and blessing of the Lord. This must be sought in prayer. E greatness of spirit, preparation for the work, watchfulness in every department of it are of no real avail without prayer. God requires to be honoured by the felt and expressed dependence of His servants. He gives freely, but it is to the asking. " If any of you lack assistance let him ask of God who giveth to all men liberally and up braideth not, and it shall be given him." He has power to enlighten the understanding and to open the the lips, but then the prayer must be heard. " Open Thou mine eyes that I may behold the wondrous things out of Thy law." ' Open Thou my lips, and my mouth shall show forth Thy praise. As we pray over the subjects in which instruction is to be given we become, interested in them ; as we pray over the children who are the objects of our care, they become increasingly interesting to us and when these (the lessons and the children) are brought together, it is as if the flame were applied to the fuel-the fire of this sacrifice and service burns brightly ; the hour of instruction is one of happy useful intercourse ; a work is there carried on whose impress will abide for ever. Prayer reaches where no words of instruction can penetrate. The voice of the teacher may in some sad instances exasperate and harden the heart : but prayer moves the hand which turns all hearts as the rivers of waters whithersoever it will. Prayer can follow an erring child through all his wanderings and constrain him to return. Prayer can cherish the seed cast upon the waters until after many days it shall be found. Prayer can sustain the weeping power until he returns and brings back his sheaves, the evidences of his success, and the reward of his labour, with joy and praise. Thus by prayer, God is honoured, the child is influenced, and the teacher is qualified for his task. Accompanied by prayer, the feeble effort is mighty in its effects. The stammering life is eloquent the timid are successful, and they who are little in their own eyes become champions in Israel, strong as David, or like Nchcmish, skilful in building, valiant in defending the walls of our Zion. 5\. The teacher has one weapon-the Word of God. Armed with this, he may expect to prevail in his warfare against ignorance and sin. For this weapon is none other than " the sword of the spirit," The Holy Ghost imparts to it a divine efficacy, and gives skill to him who prayerfully wields it. Used in depen- dence upon its Lord, upon him who moved holy men of old to compose it, the Word becomes mighty through God, to the pulling down of every high thing which exalts itself against God. The Bible is a book of wonders-an inexhaustible treasury of most interesting wisdom and practical knowledge. Above all, it contains the declaration of the mind of God towards sinful fallen man. It speaks of reconciliation, of peace, and hope, and love. The love of God in Christ is therein fully set forth. The effects of that love are freely offered for the acceptance of mankind. Therein is the righteousness of God revealed unto all and upon all them that believe. This is the end of the revelation of God. Christ our Righteousness, the Holy Ghost our Sanctifier. When a teacher, who knows and feels these truths, applies them to the consciences of the children, he is following a divinely appointed method for their instruction, and may expect that the divine blessing will follow. He will find much help in his endeavours to make the Bible interesting to his youthful charge, by following the services and seasons as marked out in the Book of Common Prayer. A brief explanation of portions of the service, so as to give the children an intelligent interest in its contents, the opening address, the confession, the absolution and the prayers, cannot fail to be useful. The selection of portions of Scripture suitable for Advent, the Nativity, the Death and Resurrection of our Lord, His Ascension and the sending of the Holy Ghost, will in a short compass give a complete history of man's Federation and an exposi- tion of the Christian's hope. in such a course hardly any event will be omitted which it is necessary that the well-instructed Christian child should know. With this variety of subjects, with a portion of the Catechism, a few verses of a hymn, a prayer to be committed to memory, a teacher interested in his work can never fail to make the hour of instruction both profitable and pleasant. No signs of uneasiness, no glances at the clock, will indicate a desire on either side that the period of instruction should close. The course of this lecture, as announced to you by the published notice, would require that I should speak of the privileges of teachers. Upon this branch of the subject, and at this time, I hardly feel it to be necessary that I should dilate. I know of no greater privilege than that of doing good. _ I know of no greater enjoyment than that of directing young minds into the paths of religious knowledge and holy living. I know of nothing more calculated to benefit an individual than his engaging in this work, and if these privileges are not sufficient to induce the Sunday School teacher to rejoice in his office, no elaborate statement of mine will be likely to induce him to believe that, of all the duties which it is possible for persons to engage in few have such high privileges and such rich rewards as the instruction of the young in a Sunday School. Before concluding, I would say one word to clergy men and Sunday School superintendents. It is this Teach your teachers. One reason why it is difficult to retain Sunday School teachers is this-pains are not taken to make the duties easy. A young person is invited to become a teacher, and with some hesitation enters upon the office, not knowing well what to do, or how to do it. Long portions of Scripture are read with perhaps no other observation than " Go on," or the correction of the more glaring faults in reading ; or the Collect is repeated, and the Church Catechism, with similar want of explanation. The time passes heavily. The task is wearisome to both parties ; the class becomes inattentive and irregular and the teacher at length abandons a work for which he believes he is not at all qualified. But if this same teacher had met in a class with the other teachers had been taught by the clergyman what and how to teach, what to read, and how to ask questions pleasure in doing that which he had learned to do well would soon have taken the place of listless ness in attempting to do that which he knew not how to do at all. I do not think that a school can prosper without teachers meetings. They are in a manner its life. To all who are Present I would commend this good cause of Sunday School instruction, and ask them to consider what they can do to promote it. Perhaps you have children whom you could send to a Sunday school. Perhaps you have time which you could give to Sunday School teaching. You will find a present a , a nom reward in making the effort to do good to others. They who thus water the soil around them shall themselves be watered from above. It is intended that a Sunday School Institute sha be formed in connexion with the Church of England. The objects of such an association would be to procure and circulate suitable books, to promote the meeting of teachers, the delivery of lectures, and to interest all classes of the community in this good cause. Such an association will require funds, and you may be able to contribute to them when asked to do so. Let me, in conclusion, beg your prayers that the members of Christ's flock, in this colony, may fulfil the Saviour's intentions, and obey His commands in this matter may bring young children to Him for His blessing, and may feed His lambs with saving knowledge. Though Sunday Schools cannot adequately supply the place of daily or parental religious instruc- tion, yet they may be the means of assisting some in their endeavours to attain to heavenly wisdom-that wisdom in comparison of which all other knowledge is but folly, and of which He who is wisdom and truth, hath said, "This is life eternal to know Thee, the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom Thou hast sant." 