Thursd.au, 13M, August, 1857. Ou'J! os? Circuit. — James Macarthur was brought up on the charge of being absent from his district of Kyne ton as a ticket-of-leave man. He had been discharged on parole on the 30th of last mouth, and sterns at onco to have repaired to Melbourne. This personage was sen tenced throe years ago, for a robbery at the Bull and Mouth. He was apprehended at the corner of Bourke street and Russell street on tho preceding evening ; but before he was taken, gave the officers a goad chase. It ni\n*-ti'Ail in 4lin av!-lnnnn fr.l*ii+. + liia ia f.lirt onnnn/1 f.itno he lias wandered beyond his district. The Bench, after administering a suitable rebuke for disregarding the opportunities offered him of gaining a livelihood by his own labor, and venturing back to olJ temptations, re manded him to Pcntridjje Stockade. A Danoehous Customer.— -Edward Johnson, an old man, who seemed scarcely master of himself, was ch.irged by Mr Deckar, of Col lingwood, with endangering a houso belonging to him (the prosecutor) by lighting a fire therein, and pulling down the woodwork wherewith to feed it. It appeared that the wife of tho prisoner nau given notice to quit tiie uouso m question, vacaieu it, and given up the key a week before, when the prisoner, who it was balieved was of unsound mind, under the impression that the house was s;till hu, made forcible entrance as described. The prosecutor said he only wished for protection, and that the prisoner had now no right to enter tho house, nor wa* there any property of his in it. The defendant, on promising submission, was discharged. Removing Sand. — John Connell was charged by the officers of Colliugwood Stockade with removing sand from tho precincts of the Stockade. Tho prisoner, it seemed, had loaded his cart, and though informed by the ollicers that he was not justified in removing the sand, wliich had been brought thero for the use of the Stockade, he refused to lay it down again, and proved very obstructive. Thoro remained no alternative but to give him into custody. The prisoner in his defence stated that he had been employed by a gentleman to procure a load of sand, and finding that he could not do so without a Hcen3e, he acquired the neces&'iry document. Tho Sergeant of the Court stated that the license only permitted sand to bo taken from Sandridgtr nnd the Manure Depot. The nian'n defenco was thifc he could not read, and this was tho very first job of the kind ho had pvor nht-iinml. The B^nnli. however, be aril) tr in mind his obstinate refusal to comply with the r. iquest of the Stockada officials, fined him 40s, or in defanlt, tho usual imprisonment. A rtoy Official. — Robert Hitchcock, a quiefcflemuro looking individual, was charged by a police constable with being drunk, very disorderly, and attempting to enter a houso against the owner's will. On being taken into custody, and conveyed to the watchhouse, ho stated that, if allowed to walk alone, he would accompany the officer like a gentleman. No soonorhad tho hani of the officer been taken off his shoulder than the prisoner gave him a blow on the side of the head. In the suufib which ensued the prisoner was thrown to tho ground, when he ' cocked up his Ieg3 And kicked furiiously,' inflicting several severe blows upon his capkor's person. Ou being remonstrated with, he stated that he cwne to the cslonv for the rmrnose of kuocWne the police .about. Tlio solicitor for the defence stated, that the prisoner was a respectable man, who had only been fourteen days in the colony, and having taken a drop too much, fell into his present error. The B?iich, failing to discern any valid excuse in this, ordered him to pay a fine of 40s , or in default the usual imprisonment. A Good Fare. — John Crouch was charged with having taken his passage to Collingwood in a vehicle, creating a disturbance, and refusing to pay his fare. It was stited that, on reaching- Gertrude street, ho detained the cabman for two hours in the effort to procure his legitimate recompunse, and when given into custody proved so violent in his conduct that the officials had to send t9 town for a truck upon wliich he was strapped and conveyed t» the watchhouse. On arriving at his destination, he re newed his misconduct and was ultimately locked up. Tiio prisoner, who had nothing to say in his defence, was fined 40;', An Old Cripple. — Patrick Mooney, a hoary headed old vagabond with a wooden leg and crutch, was charged by the Rev. Mr Odell with having called at his house and seriously misconducted himself. He was un der the influence of liquor at the time, and with a view of getting quit of his presence Mr Odell requested him to call again when he was sober. Upon this he launched out in a very abusive strain, and wished that the curse of the Holy Ghost might light upon himself and family. His violent conduct rendered it necessary that he should immediately be given into custody. Detective Lett gave the prisoner a very bad character. He was a practised thief, and had frequently been in the clutches of the police for theft, but that in consideration of his being a cripple he had always been let off with light punish ment. The Bench finding him incorrigible consigned him to imprisonment and hard labor for three months. Akoiitkb New Arrival. — A rather attractive look ing youug woman, whose name we did not catch, was charged with having been detected in tho act of picking the pockets of a tipsy man in a lane leading off Bourke street, on the precoding evening. She had been noticed in the act by a young man, who entered the witness-box to give ovidenco, but as on apprehension no money was found on her person, the Bench ordered her to bo dis charged, at the same time, however, administering the usual caution. Tho prisonor, who wept very much, stated that she had only been in tho colony 0110 month, and promised to be more circumspect in future. A Double Robbery. — William Thomas, a very sinister looking individual, was brought up on remand charged with stealing a chonomctcr from the cabin of the Albion — a vessel ..trading between Sydney, New castle, and Melbourne — and a gold watch from tho bath ing ship at St. Kilda, the property of Mr Jeffreys, of Richmond. Dotcctive Black stated that he arrested the prisoner on Monday niglu, and had traced the chrono meter to Beechworth. Mr R. J. Jeffroys stated that on Sunday, tho 19 th of April, hs vent to bathe in Mr Kelly's ship at St. Kilda, and fer Bafety sake selected the interior of the ship as a place for undrossing and performing his ablutions. On former oocasiohs he had placed hi* watch under the care of the proprietor ; but on this occasion ho left it in the pocket of his vest, and laid his clothes in heap alongsido the garments of threo of his friends who bathed with him. On re-attiring himself ho discovered his watch, as also his money, to be missing ; as alao did his com panion find theirs to have been abstracted. He could not say that he saw the prisoner on board the ship, but as a detective officer happened to be there, ho gave in formation of his loss. The officer promised to look after his interests ; and the same evening, Mr Jeffreys himself lodged information at tho Detective-office. — Mr Tufton Smith, for tho prisoner, addressing tho witness, s.iid he supposed, in fact, that while lie had been taking a dip, some ono had been dipping into his pocket. Witness said that if he understood his metaphorical lauguge, such had been the fact. — Mr Victor Cohen, watchmaker, in Brunswick street, Collingwood, stated that the watch (shewn him) had been offered for sale by the prisoner in April last ; but suspecting it had been stolen, he gave information to Detective Black, who lived close by him. He wad led to adopt this courao in consequence of a former transaction ho had hud with the prisoner — that of his bringing a chrono meter upon which ho advanced money. It appeared that about tho same time, attired in tho garb of a ship captain ho brought the chronometer, desiriug to have nn advance upon it, as himself aud crew who had just arrived in tha Bay_were desirous of trying their fortunes upon the diggings. Upon this pretenco Mr Cohen had advancod him £G, upon the understanding that if not redeemed within a month tho chronometer sliouKl.be his property. Tho month having elapsed, Mr Cohen sold the chronometer for £8. After this the prisonor visited him with the watch, wliich ho said had been entrusted to him by his chief mate. On Mr Cohen expressing himself incredulous, the prisoner virtuously indignant, stated that ho would leave the watch in Mr Cohen's hands for a short timo till his return from his residence in George street close by. Tho prisoner took care not to make another appearance. Mr T. Smith cross- examined the witness and elicited the fact that the chronometer had been brought to him on the 15th of March. It had been sold by witness on tho 13th of April to a watchmaker afc Beechworth. He had given infor ?msvtion to detectivo Black, who told him that a chro nometer had been stolen from tho Albion, but tho num ber did not correspond. The watch was brought on tho 20th of April. *Mr William Kelly, tho owner of tho bath, stated that he had scon the prisoner several times iu tho bathing ship, and that thefts were continually taking place. Detective Black Baid that tho captain had identified the chronometer as his property. Tiie outer case had been left behind by tho thief, and tho instrument was found to fit it to a nicety. The prisoner, who is a littlo man and the very picture of an old convict, was committed for trial. The Russell stbeet Burolart. — Taylor, O'Keefc, and M'Grath were brought up on remand charged with being concerned in tho robbery of jewellery from the premises of Messrs Goldstein and D.wis, on Sunday, the 2nd instant. In conformity with the decision of a former remand, the prisoner M'Grath was put into the witness-box as approver, on the ground of his being tho dupe of the other prisoners. The evidence which ho gave, however, showed that, though only about fifteen or sixteen years of age, he is already fur advanced in crime, and little deserves the good-luck which tho requirements of the law have brought to him. He stated that on the Sun day evening in question, about nine o'clock, ho was was walking down Bourke street, from the eastward, in company with O'Keefo (or D-'mpsey), when they were joinod by Taylor, who took O'Keefc asido to speak. Witness followed a pace or two behind. They all pro ceeded toward the premises of Messrs Goldstein and Davis, iu Russell street, nnd while witnesa stood at the head of the laue to keep watch, tho others wont down towards the back of the premises. Taylor having cut the bottom _of the window, O'Keefe and he got inside, having previously laid a shutter across tho' lane. Taylor got in first. When inside they struck soin 3 matches, and O'Keefe came out for a candle. On his return with the candle, witness saw that they had lighted it by the light in the shop. After they had been within about half an hour, O'Keefo came out with his pockets full of jewellery, Taylor fol lowing him with a box. (Here witness identified the broken box which had contained Mr Josephsou's pro perty.) They then left tho place, Taylor carrying the box on his head. On reaching a right-of-way in Littl* Xiourke street cast, tuo two eiuer prisoners went up tno right-of-way to 'plant' tho jewellery, leaving witness lit the bottom to keep a look out. They then proceeded towards Spring street, witness earning the empty box. On reaching the vacant ground between tho re.iidonce of Dr. Turnbull and the Princess's Theatre Taylor took the box from witness and put it into an old oyster barrel standing there. After this they all three walked down Bourko street as fur as the Theatre Royal. This would be teu o'clock or later. They then promenaded several streets, taking Swaiiston street, Queon streat, Flinders lane in succession. Afterward* tliey made their way once more into Little Bourke street, when Taylor bid his friends good night and went homo. As it was too late to find lodgings, O'Keofe and witness subsequently wandered about all night, and at the appropriate time on Monday dined at a boarding- house in town. In the evening witness twice met his companions, who as ofteu gave him 'the slip.' Ho afterwards met a man at the Royal, who told him that tho plant had been 'sprung' by a person living in Little Bourke street. Witness did not know the man wiio gave the information, but could recognise him if ho saw him. The witness was then cross-examined by Mr T. Smith, who elicited the fact that ho had been living for six or seven weeks with the woman who formerly cohabited with Henry Brusher now undergoing imprisonment in the gaol. He had been taken by the delcctivo up to Spring street for the purpose of recovering tho broken box. He became acquain'vO'A with. O'Koefo the night before the robbery. On the evening of Sundiy, Taylor conversed with him about it. Detoctivo Lett recapitulated tho history of the case, which, has already been fully described in our columns. Tiie prisoners in the dock had been taken by detective Williams and himself during the Monday, and the same evening he took the approver up to Spring street to recover the box. Notfimlingit in tho barrel, he inquired of a carpenter close by, who stated lie had found the box that morning in an old oyster tub. Tho Bench committed the prisoners O'Keefe aud Taylor for trial. ? 