'INGENIOUS JUGGLING.' About three months ago a gentleman now holding an honourable and influential position ' in the Government of this colony entertained a dinner party with an address, admirably combining the uhle etdiuce, or, in plain Eng lish, the practical and the amusing. On that occasion the hon. gentleman to whom we refer succeeded in raising a little political capital at. the expense of a body of men whose position in society he aimed to render as ridiculous as possible. Amongst other similes and com parisons the tricks of a juggler were referred to. The orator said: — 'He remembered, when he was a toy, being taken to see a jug gler, who, amongst other tricks, was throwing up and catching a number of plates. He was exceedingly dexterous with them, and in some way or other he contrived to keep up nine plates in the air at once. That was very inge nious, no doubt ; but if their worthy landlord, when they were all hungry an hour ago, had sought to amuse them by tossing up or balanc ing the plates, he questioned whether thej would have accepted his skill as a substitute for their dinner. Yet that was very much how the lawyers served them when they wanted to sell their land or to raise money upon it. Instead of plain simple sense, they showed them some ingenious juggling.' We presume that our readers will already have identified the Hon. E. E. Torrens as the author of the quotation just given. But who is now exhibiting the 'ingenious juggling ?' Who is now tossing up the plates in the air and dexterously catching them ? Who is now endeavouring to cheat the expec tations of the people by showing them 'his skfll as a substitute for their dinner?' Who now acts the part of a political Bamo Samee ; keeping, not plates, but places, dexterously spinning in the sir, persuading the people con trary to their common sense, and proposing political sleight-of-hand as a substitute for practical legislation ? The newly- appointed Chief Secretary says that his Law Beform Bill will not to a Govern ment measure. We presume, for one of two reasons— first, because it is not of sufficient im portance; or, secondly, because the Chief Sec retary has no legal assistance in his Govern ment to enable him to mature and carry it. For one or other of these two reasons we are compelled to suppose that the Chief Secretary has consigned his darling BQl to the whirlpool of waifs and strays, and we shall now consider to what extent either of these reasons is tenable. First, we may suppose the Chief Secretary refuses to make the Beal Property Beform BQl a Government measure, because it is of com paradveltf trifling importance. To test his views on this subject it is only necessary to refer to the hon. gentleman's speech delivered in the Theatre just prior to his election, and to his subsequent address delivered, at Salis bury, in support of the candidature of Mr. E. B. Andrews. In bis address to' the electors of Adelaide on the 31st of January, Mr. Torrens entered at very great length into his proposed plan for effecting a reform 'in the laws relating to the sale and transfer of real property. The hon. gentleman said, 'Next to affording fair facili ties for obtaining possession of the waste lands of the Crown, and converting them into corn fields and homesteads of independent yeomen, Hit tit* duty of the State to afford a cheap and at the same time a secure mode of conveying that property from man to man.' The speaker then proceeded te develop his plan for giving cheap, intelligible, and valid titles to land; and in reply to a supposed objection as to cost, he remarked, uAs the bead of the Segitlry Office, I assert, gentlemen, that I can do this work with fewer hands than I require for the present work of that office.' But mark the difference between the late candidate for the City and the present Chief Secretary. A few aontha ago it was 'the doty of the State' to effect the much-needed law reform; now it appears that tbe '8 tote' has no. thing to do with it, unW* Mr. Torreni Irishes to convey the idea that the Executive Government is no part of the State. A few months ago Mr. Torrens, 'as Begistrar General,' deliberately declared that the adop tion of his plan would not only give cheap and secure titles to the people, but that it would enable him to reduce his staff at the General Registry Office— that he. could, under: the system he proposed, ' do the work with fewer hands.' But, hey, presto! the plates are, spinning in the air, and the State juggler on the Treasury benches refuses to carry out, as a salaried servant of the public at large, what he was so ready to promise as a candidate for popular suffrage. We should certainly have thought that if the present Chief Secretary is, .personally, of the same opinion with the Parliamentary candidate at the Theatre, that he would feel it to to his - imperative duty, as the head of the Executive, to insist upon such reforms in the General Registry Office as he has professed himself able to effect. Yet such is the weakness of ' power,' that the same gentleman who, on the 31st of January, whilst acknowledging 'difficulties and objec tions,' proclaimed his . determination ' not to be daunted,' is no sooner elevated to office, and placed in circumstances where he is, or ought to to, in a much more favourable posi tion for carrying out his views, than he quails before an opposition which he has not mea sured, and is scared by the ghost of his own imagination. When acknowledging before the electors of Adelaide that there were difficul ties and obstacles to be overcome, Mr. Tor rens remarked that the present system was 'intolerable;' and no one will doubt what he fiimwlf has put on record — that his election was mainly secured by his professions of zeal and fidelity in connection with that particular measure to which he now refuses to pledge either his Government, as a whole, or his own individual office, as Chief Secretary. We have referred to Mr. Torrens's address in the Theatre with the object of showing that he formerly attached the utmost importance to the projected measure of law. reform, and that his* present refusal to give it Government support cannot result from his regarding it as of inferior moment. We shall now show, by reference to the hon. gentleman's speech at Salisbury, on the 29th of May last, that he at present enjoys, on the Treasury benches, precisely that legal aid which he was destitute of in a former Ad ministration, and the possession of which leave* him no excuse for denying the support of the Government to this important measure. On the occasion mentioned Mr. Torrens said : — 'He had, as he had told them, laboured for years past to mature such a system, and now he was about to straggle in the Legislature to carry his point But he was alone there. (' No, no,' from Mr. Peake.) He meant he had no lawyer to assist him; and that was precisely the assistance he wanted, for there were technical details .and difficulties which it required professional knowledge to overcome. He had spoken sometimes with lawyers on the subject, bat they talked in the unknown tongue, and puzzled hhn altogether. (Laughter.) They silenced him, and made him look very foolish, though, all the while, perhaps, they were talking gibberish. (Continued laughter.) He had sought some time for a sensible man and sound lawyer, who would have courage enough to throw off the prejudices of his craft— one who both could and would render him efficient aid. Se believed le kad found tuck a man in Mr. Andrtwi— (cheers)— and- he asked the electors of Yatala to follow the example of the electors of Adelaide, and to support— not Mr. Andrews, but the Beal Property Law Amendment Bill. . (Renewed cheers.) He had been told that it would be found un workable; but in answer to that he would point to the Hanse Towns, where a similar system had been in use for 600 years; for there they had never adopted the feudal bw, but stuck to the old Saton system. And he would point to America and Prussia, where similar sys* terns were in partial operation. He had been called arro gant, as an unprofessional person, for attempting the reform of the law ; but as no better man had come for ward, he had stood ia the gap, and he would stand there ?Hll Mil tin onnld earrr nnt his obiecL fCheen.1 Ha WSS UJlu ne naa anaeria&en; a uercmeau uu&. ne was aware of that; but it must be remembered that Hercules succeeded in cleansing the Augean stable, in which, by the way, there was no greater rubbish than might be found in our law-books. (A laugh.) And how did he cleanse it? He turned a river through it. He would turn the 'Torrens' through our law system, and perhaps the effect might be the same. (Continued laughter.) They had heard of the Gordian knot which could by no means be untied, and which the hero cut with his sword. That was what .they must do with our entangled system of law. It could not be patched or mended: the very foundation was rotten ; therefore It must be cut away and a new system substituted. Like a blundered calcu lation on a slate, it was in too much confusion for cor rection, so he would take a sponge and Tub the whole out The very bricks of the old building were perishing, so be would pull every one of them down and set np * new structure.' Where now is the political Hercules ? What does he now propose to do ; now that he has the support of that ' sensible man and sound lawyer' whose 'efficient aid' would enable him to pull down every one of the bricks of the old perishing building, and to set up a new struc ture ? He flings away his club, and instead of the lion's skin hangs a calf s skin on his 'recreant limbs,' abandoning to chance the measure which he formally regarded as essential to the very social existence of the colony, and to which he is unquestionably indebted for place and power. So glaring a preference of place before pledges we do not often see, and the extraordinary as sumptions of superior political integrity and honourable disinterestedness put forth by the Chief Secretary heighten, or rather deepen, the hue of the transaction. And what is the ex cuse proffered? Why, that ( as a private member Mr. Torrens will have a better chance of carrying the Bill than he will have as Chief Secretary. A most extraordinary confession, truly, of Ministerial imbecility. Instead of strengthening his position by commanding the helm of the State, the hon. gentleman virtually confesses that his position in the Government impairs his strength, and renders him less likely to carry a measure than he was be fore. If this is true, we contend that all mea sures of great importance ought to to in private hands. According to Mr. Torrens the Law Beform Bill is too important to to undertaken by the Government. The patronage of the Government would ruin it; the fondling of the Chief' Secretary would suffocate it; the adhesion of the Treasurer would 'sink' it! We wonder why the same reasoning is not ap plied to the Gawler Town Bailway Extension BQl, and to every other measure of importance in the Government programme. If Mr. Tor rens out of the Ministry is so much stronger than Mr.'Torrens in the Ministry, we claim for all questions of public importance that ' equal justice' which it appears is to to given to one Bill only. If indeed the support of the present Government jeopardizes those mea sures which are unfortunate enough to receive it, we hope that not only the Beal Property Bill, but all other Bills of important character will to introduced by private hands. 