THE TALLAROOP AUTUMN MEET ING. ' ' These races, which may ho considered the wind- up of the crack "events," commenced according: to arrangement on Wednesday last, and as far as the first day was concerned proved remarkably successful. The weather in tho morning was all that could be desired, and in the afternoon though a slight shower did fall, it was not sufficient to in terferc with the sport. Upwards of a thousand persons were present, and enjoying oneself seemed to he the maxim with everybody. No untoward events occurred, save a slight spill which the' jockey who was to have ridden Canezou got just before the start for tho Maiden Plate; he was soon up though, and no ghost had to come from the grave to determine the cause of the disaster. The straight running had not been roped in, to the great inconvenience of the clerk of the course, and some annoyance was felt from the weighing yard being in too close proximity with the bar of the grand stand, which was erected by the pro prietor of the Victorian Hotel, Maryborough _aud another had been rigged up over the Washing ton, and seemed to share with the former the patronage of the public. Between the heats a brass baud enlivened the day, and what with "forty in the bull's eye," skittles, and ringingthe- knife, all went off swimmingly. A small body of police was on the course, under the command of Mr. Inspector Furncll, but their sole duty was to attend to the dogs who mustered in strong force. All the arrangements for the conduct of the races had been matured, and were carried out as originally intended. Mr. H. N. Simson was " all there" as the starter, and Dr. Girdlcstone as the judge, and the several stewards performed tlieir difficult task to the satisfaction of all present. The entries were made at Morgan's Hotel, Caris- brook, on the 23rd, and on the 25th the weights for the Tallaroop Cup, the first event of the se cond day, were declared. ' For the Maiden Plate, Deville was the favou rite, and the result proved that he was worthy of his reputation, winning both the second and third heats as he pleased. Canezou. took the first heat, and ran well for the second, but about half way up the straight running, made a slight swerve, by which she lost a couple of strides. Cyrus looked well, but had not the speed. The great event of the day, however, was the race for the County Stakes, when Flying Doe added another to her long list of triumphs. She looked a perfect pic ture, and was well ridden by Richards. . Every thing was remarkably slow "in the betting way ; but notwithstanding, she was freely taken against the field at something like 3 to I. The veteran Joannette again made her appearance, hut her owner stated after the race, for the last time. She was reserved for the second heat, for which she came in second, and on pulling up was dead lame. Hayes made a splendid race at the finish, losing by scarcely a couple of lengths, although the mare carried twenty-nine pounds more than the winner. In the first heat Malvina came in second ; she won her first race at the Avoca, at the begin ning of last month, carrying off the Maiden Plate ; and on the third day of the same meeting the Steeplechase Stakes. In the, second heat she was scratched, being entered for the Steeple chase the following, day. Walkover, Hurricane, and Magic likewise were entered, and started, : hut Walkover apparently is not there in a flat race. Hurricane was drawn for the second heat, and Magic was reserved to win the next day. There being but two entries for the Ladies' Purse, viz., Mr. John Sevior's Freeholder and Mr. Thos. Cox's Modesty, that face was withdrawn. Faugh- a-Ballagh was the winner of the Hack Race, and the Huriy Scurry fell to. the lot of Mr. Kcrs's Shamrock. Maiden Plate of 50 sovereigns for all horses that never won an advertised prize ; weights, 2 year olds, a feather; 3 years, 8st; 4 years, 9st; 5 years, 10 st; 6 and aged, 10 st 4 lbs. 1 mile heats. Two guineas entrance. Mr Lang's b g Mlelville, (Mitchell) 3 11 Mr Lawrence's b f Canezou (Richards) 1 2 2 Mr Blake's bl g Cyrus, aged (Maloney) 2 3 3 Mr Abbott's b m Kiss-me-quick dr. First heat : Cyrus jumped off with ' the lead and kept it to within a hundred yards of home, when Canezou, who had. been in close attendance throughout, went to the front, winning by a couple of lengths ; Melville saving his distance. Time, 2 min. 3 sees. , , v Second heat : Melville was the first to show iit advance, followed by Canezou, Cyrus last ; the bay horse held the load to the finish, winning easily by about five lengths. Cyrus made a push at a half-mile and nearly collared Canezou, but soon fell off again. Time, 2 min. 3 sees. Third heat : Cyrus again took the lead at the start, with Canezou on his quarter, ;Melville about a couple of lengths behind. This position was kept until past tne half-mile, when all three were together. At the corner coming into the straight running, Melville gradually gained po sition, whilst Cyrus went to the rear, the bay horse being landed an easy winner by several lengths. ' ' ; ' County Stakes of 100 sovs, for all horses ; two mile heats, weights fori age, as.iu' Maiden Plate. Entrance seven guineas. , Mr. H. N. Simsdn'8 b fFlyirigDoe, (Richards)l ;1 Mr. Godfrey's b m Malvina . , (Maloney)2 dr Mr. Tollit's b g- Hurrioand . . (Waldock)3 dr Mr. Harper's b m Joannette . ,., (Hayes) 0 2 Mr. Abbott's b g Walkover , . . (Abbott) 0 0 ' Mr. Lang's bl g Magic; . : . (Lang) 0 ,0 At the start Hurrioahe was the first to show in advance, followed by.Magicand Flying Dpe, Mal vina next, Walkover and Jeannette _ bringing up the rear. Passing the stand Magic had chal lenged Hurricane, and the Doe had yielded place to Malvina; : Lang kept the lead, until opposite the stand, closely followed by .Hurricane, when Flying Doe crept up and went to the front, Magic contenting himself with- the fourth place, and Malvina, passingHurricane, ran second. Half a mile from home Flying Doe, Malvina, and Hurri cane were together,1 but the filly gradually gained position whilst' Hurricane fell off — the three year old winning by scarcely two. lengths, Ilurricsne a good- third, Jeannette, , Walkover, and ; Magic saving their distance. ; Second Heat : ; Malvina and Hurricane were scratched. Walkover went off with 'the lead, fol lowed by Flying. Doe, Jeannette and Magic at tending. .The position was kept for the first half mile, except that the Doe yielded to Jeannette, and just past the stand the old mare was leading ; -at the second turn the filly had passed Walkover, and opposite the winning post had again obtained the lead. Magic then cnallenged YValkover, but yielded place again just before the turn into the straight running. A splendid race followed be tween Flying Doe and Jeannette from the distance post, which resulted in a victory- for... the former, the filly winning by hardly two ' lengths, and on pulling up Jeannette went dead lame. Time,- 3 min., 52 sec.: - i , ... : .' Hack Race, a' 'sweepstakes of one guinea each; with ten guineas from the fuud,'for all hacks ;i catch weights ; ' one and a half milcB. The winner to be sold for £40, the balance to go to the fund. j Mr. Waldock's Faugh -a-Ballagh (Henderson) ;1 Mr. Laycock's Blue Ruin ... - (Maloney) : 2 Mr. Ray's Multura-in-parvo ... - ... O Mr. Dodd's Judy ... ... . ... ... '0 Blue Ruin went off with the lead, Judy at tending, followed by Multuni-in- parvo. Faugh-a- Ballagh losing several leugths at tho start. Past the first turn the chesnut mare was leading, but opposite the grand stand resigned tho premiership in favour of Blue ltuin. Faugh-n-Ballagh, who had been held in up to this time, now let out, and soon passed Multum-in-parvo anil Jiuly, hut found Blue Jltuiu not quite so ready to yield to him. The two ran ueck-and- neck to the last turn, when the Irishman got a-head, and came in a winner by a little more than a length. IIuhry ScuiiRY, of five sovereigns, added to a sweepstakes of one sovereign ; mile and a half ; one event. Mr. Kerr's ch g Shamrock ... (Henderson) 1 Beating Youug Camel, Little Dorrit, and Nob- filer, Second Day.— Thursday, April 30. The Tallaroop Cop, a 'sweepstakes of 10 sovs.; 5 sovs; only 1 if declared on or before twelve o'clock, with £50 added from the funds, for all ; horses ; to he handicapped by the stewards,; or or whom they may appoint ; 2 miles/ Weighty to be declared by. twelve o'clock of the 25th inst. The second liorso to receive £20. Mr. Tollitt's b g Hurricane, 4 yrs, 7st 71b ... 1; Mr. Wyse's ch m Juliet, aged 7st lOlbs 2 The Farmer's Purse of £50, for all horses the bona fide property (at this date, March 21st) of residents in and within ten miles of Carisbrok; 1 mile heats; weights as in Ladies! Purse; farmers riders; professionals 7 lbs extra; en trance, 2 guineas. Mr. Simson's h g Orphan ... ... ... ... 1 1 Woneasily. . The Steeple Ciiase of. £100, for all -, horses ; about 3 miles, and over such twelve leaps as the stewards may appoint, not to exceed 4 feet in height ; weights as in Maiden Plate ; entrance 7 guineas; first horse to receive £75, second £25 Mr. Abbott's b g Walkover ... . ... ... .... 1 Mr. Abbott's bl g Rambler ... ... ... ... 2 Malvina fell. ' ' Third Day,— Friday. The Trotting Race was won by Mr. Wallace's g g Rambler, heating Blueskin, and four others. The Consolation ' Stakes were won by Juliet, beating Modesty easily. .' 