THE UNITED KINGDOM India and its mutinies are the all absorbing theme from the palace to the cottage. Much indignation is felt at the unheard of atrocities perpetrated by the mutineers upon their help- less victims : and the almost universal feeling is, that no merry should be extended to heart- less and ungrateful savages as the sepoys have shown themselves to be. The Government and the Court of Directors seem alive to the danger, and they are making every effort to send out efficient assistance. In addition to the 20,000 men already on their way, 6,000 more are to be immediately despatched. All the best ships and steamers are being char- tered. The Australian trade will, to a certain ex- tent, suffer by this, as some of the largest and quickest vessels are withdrawn from it. The James Baines and Champion of the Seas are now on their way to India, with troops. pre, vious to their departure, the Queen visited both clippers, and expressed her admiration of the arrangements for the comfort of the soldiers. The Lightning has also been chartered. The Emperor and Empress of the French intended to visit the two former vessels, but the weather proving unpropitious, they were forced to abandon their iutention. India is occupying so much attention that events of great moment passing in* China are comparatively unheeded. Mr. Bright has just been returned for Bir- mingham without opposition. The hon. gen- tleman issued an address previous to his elec, tion, in which he advocated the suppression of the Indian revolt. Although it was announced that the visit to Osborne of his Imperial Majesty the Emperor of the French, was strictly private, yet there is little doubt that questions of the utmost im- portance were discussed during bis short stay. A telegraphic despatch, dated Vienna, Sth August, says:-- "The representatives of France, Russia, Prussia, and Sardinia have announced in a note, couched in identical terms, the cessation of their diplomatic relations with the Potte, and their approaching departure from Constan- tinople." "The Russian flag was struck on the 6th inst." A Polish correspondent of the Frankfost Journal says it is strongly suspected in the kingdom of Poland that some of the officers and soldiers who have recently been dismissed from the Russian army will) a year's pay have gone to join the mutineers in India. "Certain it is that the Russian Govern- ment has for the last three years been syste- matically exciting the Chinese, Persians, and the heirs of the Great Mogul against England." Naturally no guarantee can be given for the correctness of the foregoing assertion, but certain it is that a very strong impression prevails in that country that Russian agents are even now busy in the provinces to the north and north east of Delhi. The laying of the Atlantic telegraph has, for the present been stopped, in consequence of an accident : and all the vessels engaged in the perilous work have returned to Plymouth Sound. The Great Britain which left Melbourne on the 21st May, has not yet arrived. Harvest operations in England are nearly completed. The reports from every quarter are to the effect that for many years there has not been such an abundant yield as that of this season. India has engrossed so large a space in the debates of Parliament, that few other subjects have been discussed at much length. But we can always find room for domestic legislation, no mutter how much we may be pressed from without. The rejection by the Lords of the bill for the admission of Jews has brought the two Houses into collision. Contrary to usage, a new hill was brought in by Lord John Russell, supported by the whole weight of the Liberal party, and a strenuous effort was made to carry it through the Commons, and send it up to the Peers this session. In the mean- while, Baron Rothchild resigned his seat, and was re-elected for London, but did not offer to take his seat, Feeling that it was impossible to carry this bill through the House it's session, Lord John Russell obtained the appointment of a committee to consider whether the Act 5 and 6 Will. IV-, c. 52, could be applied to the case of members of Parliament ; the com- mittee, however, decided that it was not appli, cable, and so the whole question lies over till next session. The reign of terror continues in Monte- negro. The Senate, which represents the blind will of Prince Danilo, has caused an aged man to l»e shot, for having publicly re- marked that Prussia bad rendered good service to Montenegro tu the time, and that it was to be regretted that ber patronage should have been shaken off. This forms the fcurth unjustifiable execution within the last fort- ight. The Piedmontese Gazette publishes a royal decree, authorising the construction of several railways, intended to be untied; when ready to be at work, in one concession. At Naples, a boy, thirteen years of age, a non- commissioned officer, and two other per- sons, had died in prison of torture. They were charged with being concerned in Milano's attempt on the King's life. Three arrives front Australia are- reported, one with about half-a-ton of gold-dust, an- other with gold worth £100,000, and a third with gold worth about a quarter of a million sterling. MARRIAGE OF THE KING OF PORTUGAL. —It is now stated, on good authority, though not officially, that the Princess who is about is become Queen of Portugal is the eldest daughter of Prince Charles of Hobenzoileru Signaringen. He abdicated in favor of the King of Prussia. The Princess completed her twentieth year on the 15th July. Le Pays says Prince Albert has been the means of bringing about the alliance. The Russian Government in directing its at- tention to a project for constructing a camal bteween the Caspian and the Sea of Arab. The plan of unsing the Black Sea and the Gaspian has been considered, but the survey shows that the cost would be enormous. A slaver has been captured at Lagos by the Prometheus. There was upwards of £5,000 in money on board. She was an American brigantine, of New Orleans. The Administrative Reform Association has given up the ghost. It has been in existence rather more than two years, and its course we are sorry to say has been very pretentious but very useless. The Manchester testimonial to Dr. Living- stone the African discover, has reached the amount to £500. A deputation had an interview with Lord Palmerston on Wednesday on the subject of the Red Sea telegraph communication with India, China, and Australia. *Schamyl, with the main body of his troops, has been beaten at Isalatavia, being 100 dead on the field. The Russians lost eight men only, and have forty-seven wounded." Eugene Sue, the popular French novelist, died at Auncey, in Savoy, on the 3rd inst. On the rejection of the Oaths Bill by the House of Lords, Baron Rothschild resigned his seat for the City of London, and was re- elected without opposition. 