arEMioinaxE ixirirx uoisrcs. Br Nimuod's Ghost. On Saturday last, an unexplored country, as far as hunting is concerned, was ventured upon by the Mol bourne Hunt; and tho novelty caused aBtroug musterof 4.ri horscinnn. Tho inhabitants of Collingwood stared, opon-lUUutbcd ai iho opptkriison (not, ueual-o ibo nUnfc' ing Ghotl) of red-coated cavaliers careering through their quiet suburb, and manv doubtless considered them as the yeomanry cavalry in now-f angled uniforms. Tlie tryBt was, nominally, at Lewis's 'Darebin Creek Inn,' and thither hied a goodly company of the neighbouring settlers to shore in tho afternoon's fun ; but the real point of gathering was the hospitablo homestead of Mr. Dunn, who had provided a most relishablo lunch for the Club, and their friends. II will not do to dwell in do Bcription on the turkey, fowls, ham, etc., which graced the crowded board, for tho master was so eager for the sport that he hardly allowed as much timo for consump tion, as it now takes to indite tho bill of faro ; suffice it then to say that the feed, though hurriedly, was fully, enjoyed, and that no ouo was absolutely choked, though some mounted their nags with drumsticks in tho whip hand in place of tho forgotten flagellator. Ere leaving tho table, however, the jolly good health of our jolly entertainer was quaffed in brimming bumpers of Cham pagne, bottles of which crowded the sideboard, and 'promises and vows' wore made to finish up the lot, if we came that way back. ' Rumour having whispered that the dingo was in close proximity, wo found tho field had forsaken the tempta tions of Mr. Lewis's ' jumping powders,' and wero ready for an immediate start; so Mr. W. gathered his darlings at his horses heels, and trotted right away to Mr. Dunn's paddocks. A fence, although the top r 41 was down, caused Borao instant fun; forsome of the Heidclbcrgers were stuck on such ill adapted animals, that a two-foot jump was a puzzler Somehow or other, all surmounted or dismounted the difficulty, the latter having not a second to spaio before the hounds dashed away with a rattling burst. ' Yoicku ! to him ! ' screamed the master ; and in a ' braco of shakes' wo were spinning along at the rate of twenty miles an hour, over a beautiful gras3 country. In a cou plo of minutes wo reached Mr. Greenaway'fl, where tho hounds croBBcd a lane, dashed up hill towards the ' Ivan hoo ;' and then turned to tho right towards Heidelberg. A smallish two- rail fence wa3 nuicklv flown over bv tho leading horsemen, and almost ni quickly were three panels knocked down by Boine accommodating animal so as to allow thoso behind to go through, in about half-a-inilo further, a booming three-railor looked like' a stopper, but it wa« safely got over by Coachoo, Lottery, Coinus, Snowy Mountains, and Fivey. Post-and-rails jumped awkwardly, and fell right ovor on Mb rider, onr /mto- Iosb littlo friend, whom wo all feared was iujurcd ; ' but, plucky to the backbone, ho struggled to the pigskin again, and continued the chase, though evidently ridini; in great pain. Our courao was now acroni tho Heidel berg road, then away to tho 1 ft over Bomo cultivation paddocka, and again to the right on to tho Itonanna estate, tho paco being vory fast. In a thick clump of trcos, just by tho ground recently ploughed in tho match be tween Mr. Morloy and McConnell, the hounds threw-up, nor was tho i check unsalutary for cither horse or ridoi. An uiquinitivo cur having now ruahed from tho road to find out what the row was about, Buffered a sovero mau ling ; but tho pack wore quickly whipped off, and thrown along tho odgo of the creek, whon thoy picked up tho Bcont in a jiffy. Over the water jump dallied Bomo, for an easy placo Bearchod others, the packing streaming ahead mad. Unfortunately, just as a fino black dingo was viowed, an almost impracticable fenco, beingstiff timber, with a ditch and drop on tho landing ?Bide — causod a pull up, and necessitated dislodging tho toii-rail. This Iobs of time gave tho hounds a long start of us, and tho first-flight men raced hard, over some ugly foucea nnd heavy ground, to get to their tails again. All tho outnidera wore now Bhakcn off, and tho hunting became regular Bteeplecliasuig, oa we were only ablo to follow tho Bound of tho distant music. This even, was soon lost, from a momentary indecision as to whether the houndu had crossed tho Plenty or not ; and, whon convinced that they had, no fordable placo wan at hand. In hopes that tho chaso tnighthcodback, wcbHII pushed on, over lota of fences, in the direction thuught most odviaable ; but our labour was in vain, nnd a final pull np waa mado about throo miles boyoud Kltham, leaving us over twouty miles to rido back to town. Tho quarry, which when seen, waa running Btrong, most likely made for tho ran;;eB, as tho hounds did not return to kounol till next day. The run was an oxcollcn t ono, though vory fatiguing from the hoavy state of tho ground ; and it m ust bo quite at tho commencement of tho Benson to bo fit for galloping ovor. On tho road home, moat of our musing friends wei o picked up (aomo with auspiciously dirty coalB, and scratched noses), and wo got to Melboumo juat after dark. 