, : :ENGLISH INTELLIGENCE. 1 ; 7 MISCELLANEOUS^-f.n : Marshall 0'Donnell and his colleagues have resigned the Grovernment of Spain and Nai'vouez has been'appointed presi dent of the" Council. The Commanded in-Chief had dis- ! missed Cornets Lord Ernest Vane Tempest and William J. Birt, of the 4th. Light Dragoons, from Her Ma- . jesty's army, in consequence of conduct unbecoming officers' and gentlemen, and subversive of good order and; discipline. . ' The ship Tw'onthe, from' Rotterdam; to Madeira, had been seized by tvyenty three Malays, who formed part of .her! crew. When off Madeira the Malays' revolted, seized the Dutch crew','fasten-1 ed them in the cabin, set fire to rthe' ship; and escaped' in two boats',, taking provisions with them. The. Twenthe' and her crew were rescrue(l'.by'.tlio'Ta-\ lisman, and taken into'-Rio Janeiro1: - ij' The question of the Sound dues-is!" settled, England and Denmark having!'< come to an agreement: The! land! tran-i sit duty is to ^jreduced/ ; :fi;> ' ^ There had been some smart fighting between the French and the Arab tribes in Algeria, in which the French were the victors, and the tribes had to submit to the Frenoh terms..;.. . Russia has abandoned her pretentions1 to the Isle of Serpents. i, : - The Emperor of Morocco; has vinli 'mated to Mr. Drummond Hay that he will make restitution lor the losses'sus tained 'by the English- and1 French through the Riff pirates. . .. . -It >vas ,-[supposed Colonel: Fremont would,be elected.President of the Uni ted States. Tjhere were still some cases of yel low fever at New York and Baltimore. : Previous to the sailing of,the Oneida a superb clejeaner was given on board, -wliile-lying in the 'Southampton docks. In; proposing; the toast: of tlie.; Australian! Colonies,. Mr. Rowland Hill said.the' best way of.uniting, the Australian Co lonies to the mother country was by ra-; pid postage communitcaion, which tha Government had an; view iin>the!present contract. - He could also say that having known Sir Henry Barldy from a boy, he knew that no mail was better fitted: for the post for which he had: been se-: lected than'he was, a*ul he would unite with the. toast of Success (o-the; Aus tralian Colonies." the name of .Sir* He'rirv 3arlclv('AnDlausR.,> The Banks of England and; France' had raised the rate of .discount." ' The Russians were reported to havei been defeated in Circassian • ' -< A revolution had broken out in Peru at the latter end of August, but -had been.speedily suppressed. ■ ■ Mr.Mechi, thecelebrated agricultu-: rist, stated at a dinner at Woodbridge/ that it would be better for the tenant, the landlord, and the country at large, that rents should be twice or three times^ more, than.at present, . provided tbedif ference iti price was a /'air interest for | the'iniprovements made on the farms. The Queen and Royal household had returned to Windsor from Balmo ral, after an absence of seven weeks. -. .i'A ' letter from Bombay 'states that Admiral Sir Harry .Leckej coinmander in-chief, is pushing forward1 the prepa rations for the expedition against Persia.- : > : A pension of £I00 a'year, has been granted By' Lord • Piilmerstdn'"'to':the wido'w' -of>; the : late; g-ifted "magistrate, Mr: .a'Beclcett; and the conductors of Punch, ,with ;whorn Mr. a' Beckett was many years connected, have resolved to remove * the^remains of deceased from Boulong'e.' to the' cemetery at-Highgate. The Woyal Mail steamer' Ta\j\ 1856 tons, valued - at £ 100,000, ,was utolally lost off Lobos ; Island, in the .Gulf of Mexico, on the 30th August last.- i . The competition, which is open to all j the world, for the erection of the natio-, rial monurnerit to (he late Duke of Wel lmgton:in St. Paul's, Cathedral," will-be very severe, as applications have:been made from «pwards ofr 600 sculptors, artists, and architects, for specifications of the plans. The Dutch papers state that the Netherlands minister at. the Goni't of St. James's has received -instructions from his government to open negotiatmns for ! the marriage of1, the Prince of Orange; PVincess'-Aiice.v'''(: . ; A novel kind of. visiting card is be-: coming fasioriable at so'me^of tKe:'watcr-' ing,',plarcesniv Germarny; > -Besides1 the name, , there is engrayed on the card:a; photographic likeness.of Ike party.. ,/The Agapemone in;London.—The; disciples of.this disgusting ;blasphemy!, appear to be' extending tlieir sphere of operations. For the laiit week the' metropolisb'asf -been . placarded with large bills;; announcing, (under, the head-1 iiig of" Tlie Agapemone") that a testi-j iiYoriy of ivhii't Christ'' lias^ 'done to re-! deem the eiVrth1 would be publicly' made known at the Hanover: Square Rooms, on Friday' - evening, Sept; .26, and th.at; the admission would be free. The doors "were opened at half-past seven, ani! about 200 respectably dressed men,.and a few females were present. As tho brothprs of the Agapemone establish ment in Somersetshire did not.make; their appearance on the platform at the time announced, some impatience was manifested by the assembly.. At length two very serious gentlemen, apparent!;/ .about 50 years of age, with coloured neckcloths and heads partly bald, cami. from behind a screen upon the pla'tferm, and sat down in solemn silence before; the .meeting' for a few minntes.... Onc ol' them (his name was hot announced; stepped forward to a table placed at the front of the platform, and, without, any (preface-or: prayer proceeded to give out twice, in slow and measured tones, the; following, as ,the text of his discourse (which, \ve wiSre itifnrmed, is the stand •ihg:' text'of- the " Princeifes")"The Son of Man so loved the earth that he .gave his; own; Spirit, that whosoever believelh in Him should not die, but should/be alive and abide the eoming'pi". the Lord. Behold he cometh." ! FoV; about half an;hour he occupied the time of the aiidience with,, for. the most part-, an exceedingly common-ph\ce. discourse, full of repetitions of his text. The only " testimony," which was so eagerly ex pected, appeared-to be this, that brother Prince, who had been a child of wrath, had" been made a vessel of mercy. Some might ask (said the speaker)what that meant; as some had foolishly or maliciously,1 or both, asked ■"-whether brother Prince was God or the Messiah. He would tell them what it meant. It meant that the Holy Ghost had redeemed the body of brother Prince as Christ had redeemed his soul from the power of the ,devil, Brother Prince was now irresponsible,, for his. acts. No one could say to him, " What doest thou .'!' Scoffers were to rise in the last .days, and it was not strange that people re fused to believe that these mighty things had ibeen done .for.. Brother . Prince. ■ Satan ruled the hearts of men. and gave tbema'false conscience. "("'True," and a cry of" OhThe other "brother" from the Agapemoue then appeared at the platform-table.., . It w^s . impossible to ascertain his name.or that, of his col league. The1 superintendent' jo'f the rooms had not'be'en favoured' with' their names, and ■ a deaf ear was turned11o 'lhe t cry of,'' Giveus your names,'' by which i the second brother, was assailed during j his sermon.. He a$iurecV (he • meeting that; Br6thei:vPriribe;^w'tis' how' free' frorn all self cohsciotisness'anci - rekpo'risibility for his" actions.; ,o^he con- eeting[:iwould stand this no long^i'.-/j(tfrfiey ^hissed and became uproarious."' -The; ''brother'' at tlie table' consulted ; : witla!: the1! otlief brother who liad' llh^ady^Tpoii'recl-out h*is wordsi and in a fe.\Y, seconds(theyjquickr ly, mode their-exeunt from the. philfority amid yells and hooting. It was1 then resolved unanimously, arid*'amid cheer ingy on the' motion-of a working 'many named-Newman^ that what the meeting' had just heard from the tw,obruthers.V was blasphemous and.contrary •" fpm| 'm cm. sense.'- The nie'eting then \\.-i»'etiy separated.— -Morning Star, Oct. 185(1 ; : Misfortunes op a Spanish Editor. —We copy! the following'froto the. JEs ■pana with feelings of strong commise ration. for tlie conductors of that jQur'niSjl Ttsays;^" Our fiirst edition of tbis'day was seized, on account of the conciufSl ing part of the leader, relative to the Additional Act of the Constitution, )j|Bb tislied yesterday in the Gazette. The same thing occured'to our second edition, in which we had left a blank, with a note explaining-the cause of the suppression. Our third edition, in which we tilled up the blank and omitted the-note, \vill>J( v/e trust, ex^eri"e»ce a better fate." The Emperor of Russia has resolved to introduce the Gregorian calender into Russia/ and thus to do away with the difference of twelve days between the old style and the new. This change ■Will produce a uniformity oi dates between Itussia and the rest of the Christina worlds - . v i#-. 