3Local EuteUtgeuce. TEMPERANCE HALL DEBATING SOCIETY. - The question for discussion last Monday night, at the meeting of this society, was "The in- fluence of the gold discovery in California and Australia, has it been injurious to the world?" Mr Roberts introduced the question, and took the affirmative side ; arguing that misery, and vice, and loss of life had largely resulted from the gold-seeking enterprise of the numbers at- tracted to the gold fields. The average earn- ings of the digger were, only eight shillings per day ; and therefore, many must be in great distress, suffering the pangs of want and dis- appointment. The speaker concluded that the pursuit of gold had rendered its vetaries in- capable of former social and domestic enjoyments, and this is an evil to be deplored. Mr Willis thought good would result in opening avenues for the distributionof religious truth, and in bringing together the scattered portions of the human family into nearer brotherhood. Mr Halls was of opinion that the influence of the gold discoveries was good. Mr Cathie, on the contrary, thought that the excessive emigra- tion consequent thereon had postponed the political regeneration of the old country, and had reduced population by deterring men from marriage, so that the Malthusian doctrines had become virtually influential. Mr McCaan argued that much good had re- sulted in the increase of men's means to be and do good. Mr Booth thought the argu- ments on the; affirmative side were weak. The gold-fields had opened up a way of escape for the over-burdened laboring classes of Europe; and as to the vice of gold seekers, they would have been equally vicious at home if they had had the chance. Gold had done much for the advancement of humanity: witness the advancements of the liber- ties of Europe in the success of the Crimean war to which we had fur- nished the sinews. But gold was useful for all good works as well as for war ; and it had brought to this colony the most enterprising, intelligent, and energetic portion of all na- tions that they might bring into vigorous life a nation destined to figure prominently amongst the empires of the earth. The de- bate will be resumed next Monday. A NEW LEA».-A new lead was pro claimed yesterday, between, the Eureka and Warrenheip, by the name pf Lady Barkly Lead. : The rush has been very great, not fewer than 1000 miners being on the ground yesterday. We understand -there is every probability of a good i¿ad bang proved here, as the prospect shaft got a show of 54 oz. off the bottom ; something too good to pass j without notice. The gutter is running towards the old Eureka, and will most likely prove to be a tributary to that famous line, j-In our T"'"'ng summary we shah, give more. I particulars. ~ Mr Kilpatrick has been au I thorised by the Local Court to act as surveyor I for the lead, and he proceeds to lay off the I parallels this day. I BALLARAT HOSPITAL.-Some time since, I a German, who had received a gun-shot wound, was admitted to the hospital, and under the care of the -officers of that valu able institution, was cured and discharged. The person alluded to was so pleased with the treatment he received, that he has in fluenced about fifty of his fellow-country men, who have joined him, and agreed to contribute one shilling each per week to wards the funds of the hospital. About sixty members of thc White Flat Company are also contributing one shilling each per fortnight to hospital funds. Such liberality' is worthy of every commendation : a little from every ruiner would' soon place the funds of the hospital in a most satisfactory state. WANTED TO KNOW-If the following des- -] cription of the honorable character Of Bal larat traders be true or not ?- While in min ing matters the aspect of affairs is better, in business I hear complaints of dulness every where ; and it is said that iu Melbourne our merchants, many of them, do not bear the best reputations. From all I sec and hear, there appears to be a large amount of reck less trading going on, which must end in in solvency or actual swindling.; J have heard of several cases of persons -going to Mel bourne, getting goods at wholesale houses at the lowest possible prices, giving acceptances, and coming back to sell said goods here at less than the first cost often. . Cash obtained, the swindlers bolt, and leave their acceptances to their holders and the slow chances of the County Court. There is certainly some sign of our trade being overdone just now, and little doubt on the other hand that Melbourne traders are not sufficiently cautious ; but a few lessons from some of our sharpers will make them wiser. There is one thing we want, and that is a quicker process for the recovery of debts. The Chamber of Com merce took action in this matter some tune since, but nothing ever came of it-Corres pondent of the Herald. THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.-At a meeting, held on Monday last, on the oc- casion of the opening of the Prahran Mechanics' Institute, the Rev. Mr Moss stated that the cost of the building had been £1434, of which £1300 had been granted by the Government, leaving only £134 to be supplied by the members themselves. This is what the Government have done for a Melbourne suburb. Contrast this with their conduct in regard to a similar institu- tion on the leading gold-field of the Colony. They placed-after they were driven to it-£500 on the Estimates, to be granted only on condition of a like sum be- ing raised by subscription. Why this difference in the treatment of Ballarat, and Prahran? Is the latter the more important of the two? Has it contributed more to the revenue? Does it add more to the exports of the colony? No. Nothing of that sort; but it gives shelter to a few Cabinet Mi- nisters, one of whom, the Commissioner of Public Works to wit, is chairman to the Prahran Mechanics' Institution. Is this the secret of the £1300 to that institution? It seems probable enough. If so, we had better at once offer a handsome premium to some of the great governing families to take up their abode with us. There is a Griffiths and a Green near Ballan, and per- haps by a douceur-say the privilege of having land surveyed a la Learmonth-they may be induced to move a little further this way. Unless they, or some other of the great ones do so, there is apparently no hope of our receiving anything like fair play. Even in the case of the site of our proposed Mechanics' Institution, the Government made promises, but will not fulfil them. In October last, the Surveyor-General wrote to the effect, that he would grant the site without delay, but now, in this latter part of January, nothing has been done. There is above £200 already subscribed here, nearly double the amount subscribed at Prahran, and we get nothing, while the Prahranese pocket £1,300. If this is not jobbery, genteel jobbery perhaps, but still real arrant jobbery, we will read Captain Clarke's Railway Report right through, though we should die in the attempt, and give up the ghost at appendix 100! indistinctly articulating "R. Woolley, Secretary." BEUT AX ATTEMPT AT MXTBDEB. - On Wednesday evening, towards dusk, as a Ger man, named Earl Rlerath, was returning from the races towards Woolshed, at which place he keeps a store, he saw two men walking in front of him, and quickened . his pace, thinking that he might keep their company if they were going to the same place. One of the men was quite young-about 18 years of age- and his companion was" considerably older. As soon as they saw him, one of the ruffians exclaimed, .'" Stand you-and shouted to the other to lay hold of bim. The unfortunate man, who had about £25 in bis pocket, attempted to the elder of the two, who must have been within a few yards, levelled a pistol at him and fired. The ball went in at the right side of his back, and lodgedin the lung. The blood spurted out of his mouth as soon as he was shot, and the perpetrators of the crime took to their heels without lightening . the pockets of their victim. A countryman of the sufferer, who happened to come up a few minutes after the occurrence, assisted him as far as Dr. "Crawford's house. On examination, the Doctor found that the ball had rested in the lung, and there is but a very faint hope entertained'of his re covery. , Ou questioning through the young man that had assisted him home, we found he had been sitting in a booth, on the race-c»ar8e,^converBÍng with some Germans, who were known to him. A full description of the xuffiians who perpetrated *this -cruel deed has been given to 1he póHce, and ah jhctive search after them has ahrçpjulv been commenced. -Since the foregoing- was is ' type^l the police have arrested,. on suspicion, a person whom the wounded man recogMeV to the best of his knowledge, to be the party who fired the «hot.-Beechworth GonHitwtwn. wheatat^Os. per-.- m ^.e»^ averages at 40s, aiw^« -»» ., of which about 20s. would lie absorbed in ex addition to this must -be, reckoned the premium ht which Booth Australian wheat always seUs in the English market, snd~ which, at the present ^thnei- Tswudbe^ of^e~damajged character of a considerable por fu|i of Jastsessen's home harvest. We under stand that the Banks axe ready to make ad vances to the extent of 4s. per bushel upon ronsignmeutL^^wheat for England ; and we alsó^v» m^n^Jbelieve that several of the leadu^ mttéliantá or Adelaide are prepared to adyano to respectable parties as high ss 66. ;per"! "bàsheL upon bills of lading, for good whefflj and tb charge reasonable rates of freight. Under thesè circumstances .wc may therefore not'unreasonably anticipate extensive shipments before long, especially at the present rate of j \e¿ . THE ¡VAJJJE O? asEg ÖOED PEODUCE OF ¡ VICTORIA.-The total produce for the year 1856, less the quantity on hand, is estimated -at-3^533,527 ozs., or 147 tons 4 cwt. 2 qrs. 10 lbs. 7 ozs., at 80s, £14,134,108. Of this amount rather more than £12,000,000 was iexportecL .'. ",. . . "' . ;. . The : Land League is determined upon "keeping the steam up." Last evening an adjourned meeting was held at St Julda.. A j series of suburban gatherings are to take place, and if-agitation cart' effect anything (and it undoubtedly can do much), the leaguers seem determined. not to "let the" grass grow under their £^L"~Herald. 