OPENING OF TTTE CHINESE JOSS HOUSE AT AUCKLAND. Hie correspondent of the Ovens Murray Advertiser furnishes tlie following interesting particulars of the opnning of a Chinesc Joss House at the Huckland :— •Whatever may bo tho religious creed of our long-tailed intruders of the Mongol breed they have, in one instance, put Christianity to the blush, inasmuch as thoy have been the first to open a place of»worship (i- it is not desecration to make use of euch a term} on the Bucklaiid. Having been an eye- witness to the whole proceedings, I will endeavour, thruugh tho medium of your widely-circulated journal, to lay before your readers a faint outline of of what took plaee. Arriring upon the ground about eleven o'clock a. m., the principal encampment of the Celestial race upon the Buckland, we could, at a considerable distance, distinguish the heathen temple by two gaudy digs of a shape which, I believe, no problem in Euclid could measure or describe. At a distance the confused babel nf rounds reminded me not a little of some of those religious gatherings which I have witnessed among the slave population of the United States, designated as camp meetings. The temple itself was about twenty feet in length, by twelve or fourteen in width, neatly framed, the cornicing of both walls mid roof being of canvass or calico; the inside had a flooring of bo*rdp, whi h was matted and carpeted in front of tl c Icai o; table in a small space of about eight feet square. Tho two side walls were each decorated by a scroll of Chinese hieroglyphics at least ten feet long end about twelve inches broad. Immediately above the door was placed an ordinary sized minor, which was nearly gBxed out of countenance as each ojie of the congregated crowd endeavoured to get a peep of his ugly mug, tho sight of which invariably brought a grin upon his face not unlike that of a large baboon when presented with an apple. At tho further end, and fronting the door, stood a small table shaded over by a canopy of scarlet coloured cloth, not unlike the si*c nnd appearane of a full draped modem window. TJpon the tahle stood three ordinary ale glasses, filled with some sort of liquid which looked too pale cither for ale «r wine. Each of these glasses was flanked upon both sides by what appeared to be a couple of silverplated candlesticks. In the centre, surrounding a pyramid of fancy cakes, was the likeness of hand cut off at the wrist, three of the fingers standing erect, the other two were turned down apparently, for the purpose of prctsing against the palm a piece of fruit, which appeared to be exuding a reddish juice—although what appeared to ub as juice might have been a Chinese hieroglyphic sign indicating the meaning of the device. Whether it was by design, or the columsinesB of its manufacturer, the hand was neither a right or a left, the fire digits rising from an even base without the semblance of a thumb upon cither side. About a distance of two feet from this tHble stood another of much larger cixp, which, at the commencement of the cercmomes *os covered with a number of wax looking tapers—which, after all, were but tallow, painted. The lighting of thess was the signal for beginning the rites of the day. Small packages of wirelooking rceus about a foot long were laid in abundance upon the table, cach devotee selecting a portion from three to a dozen of these reeds. They approached the lighted tapers; at the same time igniting tho reeds at the flame; then retiring a step or two backwards, they bowed themselves three times before the table and its contents, at the same time waving the reeds up and down with every bend of the irodv. This act finished , one of the reeds wos invariably stuck in a bowl full of uncooked rice. Two small side tables stood flanking the doorway, at which the same ceremony was gone through, although with fewer worshippers. These reeds when only a few of them were lighted, gave a rather agreeable aromatic perfume, but when they were ignited in hundreds the smoke wa9 almost suffucating. This part of the ccremony was finished by firing ofi a whole magazine of ciackers, discharging uf fire-arms, beating of drums, ringing of gnngs, clashing of cymbals. These, with tbc commingled voices of the crowd, who seemed to make a point of talking all at once made altogether a chorus which defies description. Among the musicians wa6 a fiddler, whose instrument and muBic was enough to raise the ghost Paganiui from the dead, in order to chase such a vile imitator of his noble art out of existence. The second act of the drama commenced by lighting up a much larger number of tapers, the ignition nf a double quantity of reeds, accompanied by redouqlcd bendings in froi.t of the tabic. About this stage of the business matiers came t« what might be termed a " dead lock ;" there seemed to be a difierence of opinion about the rountine of the cercmonial. So loud and angry woo the dispute that I felt pretty certain it would be decided by blows, and prubobly would have been but for ihe intervention of what appeared to be their high priest, at least the singularity of his costume indicated him to iie so. His shaven Bcalp and long tail was covered by a hood exautly resembling a monk's cowl. A dark colouied jumper of somewhat ample proportions, trimmed with fur about the ncck, enveloped his upper man. Another garment of the same colour and textuie, was worn under the first, the want of fur being compensated by about four inches in extra length; underneath the second envelope, and about six inches longer, hung down a common rough striped shirt; a pair of course rough pants a wnrjd too wide encased his lower limbs, his feet being stuck in a puir of old shoes whose " envious renu" gave ocular proof that the article of socks were not included in his wardrobe, or that they were dispensed witli upon this interesting occasion, Uis personal appearance was bv no means preposscEting; withered and wrinkled, his gray and scanty beard stuck out frnm each side of his upper lip, hiving a pretty close resemblance to the whiskers of an elderly tabby. Atall events he in some degree sue. cecded in smoothing down the noisy tumult to something like order, when an opening was made right and left from the door, a roast pig presented itself, borne on high over head hy a bare armed fellow, who seemed to officiate as cook ; this was followed in q lick succession by roast fowls, joints of pork, wiili a variety of other dishes, with whose contents and appearance your reporter haB to acknowledge his utter ignorance. Fruits made their appearance in gfeat variety, with cakcB nnd pastry in vaiious forms. Tea, with two or three dishes of cooked rice, seemed to complete the spread. Everything now being in readiness, the leading men aud better dressed portion now came forward and knelt in front of the tempting viands. A sort of chant was commenced by one of the party, after which he pronounced two words the mcading of which seemed to be " Ris<>, Imetl; rise, kneel," etc., allowing sufficient time between the words for ihe action, which was generally repeated nine times. I may state that these kneelings, or rather prostrations, were accompanicd in a great many cases by the de. votecs touching the carpet with their foreheads The nine evolutions being gone through, the worshippera rose, making three ' more inelinat : ons with the head towards the now well-filled tahle. A few more words were chantcd at intervals, during which the lighter dishes were slightly raised from the table, tbc heavier ones being merely tombed. I ought have stated that, upon the entiance of the viands, two large candles, about twelve or fourteen imAvos lung and Marly tvvo inches thick, Handing fit the iwo eat . . ... „ _ . ttemn of the ujUc, wm lighted upi «n4 being decorated with gaudy-colored paper, covered with oumeroiii Chinese devices, iiart' rather a pretty apwarauce, the only draw hack being the candlestick", upon which they stood, which-were roufh euts or gum saplings, about twelve inchep long and six thick, tapered a little towards the upper end, an auger-hole sufficing for the socket. The third act wai the reading of the Chinese records, which consisted or four volumes, with two or three small supplement*. They were read with all seeming reverence, with a slow and clear utterance, each word seeming to be distinctly pronounced, which certainly was in striking contrast with the gabbling in which both the standing and kneeling part of the audience indulged. This reading over, the prostrations again commenced, the cnnled official leading the service, which was now a little varied by a distillation *of tome clear liquid from the teapot. The worshipper held a common glass in his hand, which one of the officials partially supplied from the teapot. The glass was then waved in front of the table, part of its contents being invariably poured upon the ground; the glass being again waved was returned to the table. All the dishes being again duly handled, the worshippers stood up. The old feliuw indulged in a broad grin, talking a few sentences in apparently a congratulatory mood, as much as to say, " Well done, boys i you can now bid defiance both t* .he devil and the barbarians." During all the ceremonies, although the good things upon the table, were of!en touched with the hands, nothing was allowed to approach the lips. Everything combustible which was used upon the occaBion, was reduced to ashes on the spot, including a jumper and oilskin coat,— the latter blazed up pretty freely. I at one time thought the entire fabric nnd its contents were to be included ia the burnt offering. I am inclined to believe from what I saw, that the Celestials are true fire worshippers, and I believe that all the prostrations were made in honour of that element. The good things spread upon the table seemed to be arranged for the purpose of more forcibly reminding the worshippers, thu they were all ushered into life, sustained and perfected, by the great parent of heat, tho sun. The act of pouring out the water upon the {round, was, no doubt, done in order to show, that without irrigation, the earth would not produce rice ; yet still it required the vivifying rays of the eun, to bring it to maturity. I learned that in tho evening, thcro was a regular jollification over tho eatables, sided by the liberal potations, which produced the common result, a glorious row, in which a g ;od deal of Chinese claret was tapped, and ran pretty freely. Not having been present, I cannot vouch for the accuracy of the wind up, but I sinassured that auch was the consummation. 