I-- LATEST INTELLIGENCE " A meeting of the members of the House of Commons favorable to the principle of the Parliamentary Oaths Bill was held on Thursday, at the King's Arms Hotel,T?alace Yard, to I ' take into consideration the rejection of-war a measure by the House of Lords.. TheEon. E.. < Horsman presided. Mr. Dillwyn | having given notice of his intention to move a resolution in the House to the effect that in administering the oath of abjuration to answer ' "DOES CujCCtiñg to the words " on the true issue . of a Christian," the clerk be instructed to omit them, Mr. Crawford now moved . That Mr. Dillwjii be requested to postpones the motion of which he has given notice, in notation to Baron Rothschild,' until the) bill which Lord [John Itus I note is to ask leave to introduce on Friday shall be va been disposed of. . After some discussion, the resolution was carried as were also the following : alia the fact that in the late decision in the House of Lords all the members of the Cabinet did not support the Ostha DIM, is calculated to cnuaoldoop him and disappointment to the Liberal party. That the time has arrived when the long-vexed question of the removal of Jewish disabilities should be finally settled and considering the repeated mint festations of opinion in the House of Commons and in the country in favor of this act of policy and justice, all the energies of the Liberal party should now be united towards its accomplishment. On the motion of Mr. M'Cann, seconded by Mr. Ayrton, it was resolved that the meeting should stand adjourned until Tuesday next, with the view of then proceeding to Lord . Palmerston, to represent to him the opinions of those present. 1 On Thursday Her Majesty went to Alder shot, accompanied by the Prince Consort, and passed that and the following night at the Royal Pavilion at the camp. There was a grand review of the whole of the troops there on Friday. On Saturday it is understood that there will be an inspection, before the Queen departs for Oaboino. The reign of terror continues in Monte- negro. The Senate, which represents the blind will of Prince Danilo, has caused an aged man to be shot, for having publicly remarked that Prussia had rendered good service to Montenegro in the time, and that it was to be regretted that her patronage should have been shaken off. This forms the fourth unjustifiable execution within the last fortnight The Piedmontese Gazette publishes a royal decree, authorising the construction of several railways, intended to be united, when ready to be at work, in one concession. At Naples, a boy, thirteen years of age, a non-commissioned officer, and two other persons, had died in prison of torture. They were charged with being concerned in Milano! attempt on the King's life. Three arrivals from Australia are reported, one with about half a ton of gold- dust, another with gold worth £100,000, and a third with gold worth about a quarter of a million, BteeilTng. MARRIAGE OF THE Kim or PoRrtraAr,. It is now stated, on good authority, though not officially, that the Princess who is about to become Queen of Portugal is the eldest daughter of Prince Charles of Hohenzollern Sigmaringen. He abdicated in favor of the King of Prussia, The Princess completes her twentieth year on the 15th July Le Pays says Prince Albert has been the means of bringing about the alliance The Russian Government is directing it: attention to a project for constructing a canal between the Caspian and the Sea of Arab The plan of uniting the Black Sea and the Caspian has been considered, but the survey' shows that the cost would be enormous. A Slayer has been captured at Lagos by th Prometheus. There was upwards of £5,000 of money on board. She was an America! brigantine, of New Orleans. 'the AdministrativeBeform Association has given up the ghost. It has been in existence rather more than two years, and its course we are sorry to say, has been very pretentious but very useless. The Manchester testimonial to Dr. Living stone, the African discoverer, has reached the amount of £600. A deputation had an interview with Lord Palmerston on Wednesday on the subject of the Red Sea telegraph communication with India, China, and Australia. AnoHnKAOON DENISON S CASE There can truth whatever in the report which has been put in circulation by some of the ecclesiastics papers, to the effect that the promoters of the Gulf have abandoned it, and that the appeal will not now go to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. Mr. Fischer has announce that he has never at any time hesitated o delayed to carry on the suit, that all the impediments and delays have been caused brothers and that his firm and fixed determination is to persevere with it till the final decision is given. It is expected that the poor will be heard before the Judicial Committee in November. The great sale at Alton Towers continue daily ; the armour, sculpture, We, have boa sold this week, and realised good prices. A boy lately employed at the Era office j in custody for robbing the editor's box of th postages in the letters. He was in the habits obtaining possession of the keys of the once aids In the morning, and, after ransacking ville letters, looking UP the office, and. restore the keys to the custody of a neighbor, who Lrd them brought to him every night. The Corporation of London have decide in presenting to the Duke of Cambridge tl> ill-omen the city and a sword of the vale Of 200 opinion. EXPENSES OF THE PERSIAN EXPEDITION. On July 16th was printed the following re- -turn to an order of the House of Commons, for an estimate " of the extraordinary expenditure on account of the expedition against Persia:"-" Amount estimated by the Government of Bombay, from the 1st October, 1885, to 30th April, 1867, £530,838; amount estimated to be due to the Peninsular and Oriental Company for transport service to the 30th of April, 1857, £53,703; amount paid in England for clothing and provisions, £14,161 ; amount estimated for further supplies of clothing and provisions, and for medical stores, £35.562; amount estimated on no count of the reinforcements from the 1st January to the 30th April, 1857, £370,106 further expenses estimated to the 30th April, 1857, £120,000 ; estimated charge on account of European and native troops, for May and Jane, 1857, £364,000 ; estimated charge or account of native troops left in occupation of Persia, for July, August, and September, 1857 £864,000; paid to the Peninsular and Oriental Company for coals supplied for the purpose of the expedition, £3,947 : total, £1,865.436,1 The estimate is stated by the East India Company not to be based on very reliable data, the Government of India not having yet submitted any formal account of the expenditure. After the termination of the service an account will be rendered by the East India Company, after the settlement of which an estimate will be submitted to Pa liament for the balance shown to be dm Assuming that the whole of the expenditure in such account will be extraordinary expenditure within the meaning of the undera! jug of her Majesty's Government, a moiety it will be payable out of funds to be provide ey Parliament.-Gloucester Journal. Troops FOR INDIA, The activity of the Government in providing for affairs in the East will be found fully to sustain the public expectations. In addition to the large rai forcements in the shape of regiments of t line already ordered out, it is intended the six companies of Artillery and two troops Ino Royal Horse Artillery shall be has lately embarked for Bengal. A naval for will also be despatched without delay and to provide for this an order in Ooun will, with the concurrence of the Leg Jaturo, increase the number of seamen 2,000. It is at the same time intended to the necessary operations in China shall i c delayed in consequence of the change destination of the four infantry regiment some time since embarked at Hong Kong we have already in the Chinese waters, 1 sides some 6,000 or 7,000 sailors, tkofitha 99th Regiments of the Line, amounting about 1,500 men, and the same number Marines. As soon as possible a battalion Marines, of 1,000 strong, will be added to at once, which will then, we are inclined think, be amply sufficient, not only for purposes of attack, but for retaining possession of any points which it may be necessary to occupy in carrying out the objects of the ex- perdition.- The Globe. POHTM INVITATION pacer AMERICA. - The London Court Circular states that the Prince of Wales is about to commence his foreign travels, and that he will pass a portion of the summer on the Rhine, going thence through Switzerland before he returns home. The Prince will travel under the title of Baron Renfrew. This idea of some foreign education for the young man who is one day i to become King of Great Britain. if he lives, in an excellent one, but it should not be too contracted in its operation. We propose, there-] fore, that after he has passed the present summer in looking at the little countries into which the peninsula called Europe is cut up, he shall come over here as plain Alfred (V) Guelph, Esq., and take a look at this country, which occupies nearly a whole continent! Travel in the United States has turned out' two of the most prominent monarchs Europa bus had during the last generation. Louis Philippe was among us, and descended the Mississippi on a flat boat in the beginning of the present century. He saw us as we then were, learned much, and did pretty well (1) for eighteen years on the throne of France Louis Napoleon came later, when we had got steamboats and a few railroads, and he learned more. The results of his eight years' rule of France show that if he endures ten years longer, he will have surpassed Louis-Philippe greatly in the benefit be derived from his stay with us. (1) we are much in advance of where we were twenty years ago, when Louis Napo leon studies "his, own ZZZií ¡¡Í7C told writes Of Wales an insight into men and things now that would fit him to become a greater monarch than either of those we have educated. We would recommend that Palmerston should come with him, but we fear he is too old to learn anything New York Herald. 