VAXES OS HID BAMAABAI JETtiMITSS. Boforo procooding to roviow the forthcoming Ballaarat mooting, I cannot rofrain from making a few remarks upon tho oxpodienoy of handicapping all stocplcchoBo horsos, and of doing away with throo-milo welter-weight races. As at MoTbouruo, only Alioo Hawthorn aud Bathorshiua havo boon ontcrcd for tho only raco of tho latter class in tho Ballsuwat programmo, and I c&nnot; but think that tho stowards oxeroisod a wiso discretion in striking it out altogether. Uulosa a hotter class of stooplcchaso horses bo brought out, all thoso ovouts, par tioularly with hoavy woights, aeem gifts to cither Camel or Walkovor, unloas tho lattor nag do raced off his legs, a not improbable ocourronco, by tho way, Malvina, tho only animal who eould stand tho ghost of a chanco with them, is In the hands of porsons who will neither bring her out thorauolvca nor allow any ono to do it for thorn. Rauiblor has uot sufiiciont , paco : Blaoltboy and Lottory nfkimnf. hn donQiidad nnnii ! mid Fivov. Oomiifi. Potor tho Great, Young Jaok, and otliors of that olaaa, although having a fair outside clmnco, aro not good ouough for thoir ownors to risk ontoring thorn in first- rato company, unless with a liboral allowauco of weight. I do not, of courso, know what buccoss tho Handicap Stoeplcchaso will havo iu attracting a field, but I autiaipato a. very dif foront stato of things from what would havo boen tho caso had tho entriea boon confinod to tho two favourites, and somo wrotohod outsidor who' was' put iu just to soouro tho addition of tho publio money. Tho Maiden Plato. — Thia ovont brings fivo horsoB to tho post. I must ooiifeas that my first aolootiori was Yan kee, but thiB horso appears to have so romarkablo a pon ohautl'or ruuning socond in Maiden Plates that I do not boo what hopo thoro ia that ho will broak tho ohann at Ballaarat, moro particularly whon his dofoat by Rattler (lato M&rtingalo;), at Oarisbrook/is takon into consider ation, a horso that was many longths bohind him a Melbourne Tho faot is Yankoe is not in good health. Rattier is a ilno homo, but tho work ho has donoro oontly, mid tho loiig journey ho lms had to nmko, aro ILkoly to toll upon Uim. Lady of tho Lako i-, wilder all tho oircumfltanccs, my pick : she will bavo had tho ad vantages of good training and oasr work, and ought to win tho raco. Cavalier is, I think, too gallant to tako it from her, and Nativo Blaok, though » dark horso, with a fair podigreo, will, I fear, sharo tho genoral do generacy of his r«co. ThoBallanrat and Crcawick Town Plato has fourno minations. Of theso, if Tomboy start, thcro is nothing in tho raco ablo to livo with him. It ia, howover, vory probable that hia owner, Boeing the rich handicap of tho following day, and bearing in mind tho length and bo vority of tho Ballaarat courso, which 1 boo ia twenty-four chainB longor thau it used to bo thought, may either ro sorvo him for tho Frco Handicap, or may rcBt him alto guviiur un niac uay. suouiu xomooy noi Btami, inoraco will bo a vory good ono. Alice Hawthorn is in hotter form than she has yot appeared in this season, and though sho has not yet reached tho paco sho'poascB.icd last year, Bhois still ono of tho beat animals on tho turf, and will, of courso, bo mado tho favourite, moro particularly as a gallop sho took boforo loaving Emerald Hill, has flomohow or another oozed out. Bathorshins ran vory well with tho maro in tho Turf Clnb Cup, and at tho timo of tho accidont occurring to Iiij jockoy the result of tho rnco was moro than doubtful. In tho Garrison Cup, howovor, ho was beaten easily by Warhawk, though bo only gavo him 71b., but on tho other hand ho gave Yankoo 101b., and a beating. Still, I cannot look upon Bathorshina as good onough to win. Active, belonging to Mr. Honty, of Munthun, is a very dangerous horse, and ought to bo vory nearly as good as tho maro, parti cularly in herprosont form. Hib performances last year woro good, though not firat claas. At Caatorton ho ran second to Littlo John, and boat Cardigan, Whynot, and Dauntless. At Portland ho won ono raco, waa beaten in a Becond, and in tho third ran second to Grampus, to whom ho gavo 141b. On tho othor hand ho was beaton at Ponola by both Littlo John and Cardigan. Tho best line, is liowover at tho Hamilton mooting, whero although beaten by Grampus in a match for £100 a-sido ho beat that horse in tho Town Plato and tho Stowards' Purse. If therefore he bo nearly as good as Grampus, who when notoriously logwoary, out of condition, and badly riddon, as he was at lialiaarat, finished closo to Alice Hawthorn aud Crockford, ho ought to show woU forward on tho present occasion. ' Though thero arotwelvo horsos still in for tho Frco Handicap, it !b not likely that either Cooramin, Cardigan, -Magic, or Pioneor will show at tho post, nor does tho chanco of Odd Numbera look a vory gay ono. Tomboy would win tho raco but is a doubtful Btarter.' Haphazard is not unfavourably weighted, though Tomboy only gives him 81b, inBtoad of 241b, as on tho last occasion thoy mot. Young Caraol ib a good horse, but will run in rathor better company on thiB occasion than bo has beon in tho habit of mooting with. Springbok has nover dono much hitherto. Brunette has disposed pretty oasily of tho very modorato fiolda aho has had to contend with, and Btands vory well in. Donnot Asthoro at 8 Bt 71b Uai a fair clianco, but has not yot recovered his sovero ?winter. Tricolor, at 7st 121b, ought to win tho raco oasily ; aho is on 1 lb bettor terms with Hap hazard than slio was in the Spring Stakes, and tho distanco, a milo and a-half, is far better adapted than two milos to a throe-ycar-old. I oxpect thoro foro to boo Tricolor 1st, Haphazard 2nd, and Brunetto woll up, though perhaps tbo stable, not having any ono able to rido tho woight, may prefer running Tomboy, in which case he will provo tho winner. ; Tho Dorby is a good thing for Tricolor, who doos not scorn likely to bo called upon to raco. And now for tho great evont of tho mooting — tho Groat Handicap of 201) sovs, with a sweepstakos of 15 added, in which ten horso3 appoar to bo anxious to piok up tho crumbs, although Cooramin, Woodpecker, Van Tromp, and Cardigan havo not paid thoir entrances, and aro not likoly to appoar on tho oventful day. Of the six romaining, Odd Numbers may at onco bo dismissed, tho chances of Brunette and Hotspur aro vory outsido ones, so that tho race may bo said to bo confinod to Tomboy, lOst, Flying Doo, Ost, and Haphazard, 9st 81b. I muBt confess that I cannot seo what is to provont Tomboy winning this raco,— ho is modoratoly woightod, and it is his distanco. Haphazard in strongly fanciod by many partioB from his victory in tho Turf Club Handi cap, where with lllb. moro than tho Doo, ho beat hor. Still that victory doos not provo muoh, in my opin ion, for had not Holmes waited too long with Tomboy, he would havo beaton Haphazard by a length or more; Tho Doo did not show to much advantage at Carisbrook, whoro slio was boatcn by Orphan, but then it must bo recollected that it was in heats for a vory small Btako. I must thorofore placo Tomboy, 1st, tho Doo, 2nd, and .Haphazard 3rd. ? Tho Ladios' Pnrso looks, on papor, liko a good thing for Alice Hawthorn, but thoro is no tolling what aoci donts may occur in tho actual race. Martingale is a very slashing horso, and a first-rate woight-carrior. Of the fivo entries for tho Selling Stakos, 'Warhawk stands by far tho boat chanco, though his propensity to bolting is a dangorous ono for his backers. Dermot Asthoro and f ankeo aro both dangorous. : Tho only other raco which has boon cnterod for is tho Selling Stoeplochaao. Fivoy is by far tho best of the throe, for Stringy Bark will most aaaurodly loavo his natrons in tVo lurch it tboy bavo no otbor string to their bow, and Magic mil, I am afraid, provo no conjurbr.j - The horsos which I select as winners, thereforo, arc— Maidon Plato — Lady of tho Lako. - - Town Plate— Tomboy. ! Froo Handicap— Tricolor. '? j Derby— Tricolor. ; Great Metropolitan — Tomboy. . . Ladies' Purao — Alico Hawthorn. | Selling Stakes— Warhawk. . .' ! Optional Soiling Steeplcchaso — Fivoy. 