LA.UNCE8TON ELECTlOX. (Abridged from the Cornwall THE NOMINATION. Chronicle.) There was but very little appearance of the customary excitement of an election, at the Court Bouse, at noon on Monday. Only about two hundred persons of all ages were present, when His Worship the Mayor, as Returning Officer, addressed the electors from the hustings erected at the entrance of the Court House. He stated briefly that the object «f the meeting was for the purpose of nominating and electing a fitand proper person to represent the Electoral District of Launceston in the House of Assembly, in the room of Adye Dougtai, Esq., resigned, and called upon tile electors to nominate such a person J. \V Gleadow, Esq., said he appeared before the clectcrs to express his regret that by tfee retiremeat ot Mr, Adjre OouglM « vacancy had occurred in tiie representation of Launceston, It was scarcely possible for one individual in such a capacity to "please all, hut he believed Mr. Douglas had 'given perfect satisfaction to the whole community. Bis seal for the wel'are of Launceston, was equal to his abibity in furthering its best interests. The duty of the electors was to secure the services and elect another gentleman, who wuid also be willing to do his utmost for the benefit of his constituents.. The gentlemau whi m be was about to propose, was not one with whom he had ever been juined in political matters. In fact he was one who had not interfered in political interests at all, but was zealous in the discharge of the duties of his office, as a man of intelligence and business habits. It had always been his (Mr. Glcadow's) principle to choose the best man, whose services could be secured as a representative. He knew of none more competent then than Mr. Atkinson, he was not avsre what his political opinions might be, but in representing that town or that colony, the interests of cach of the electors were so combined and mixed up with that of the general welfare, that it would be impossible to further or r»tard ,the interests of any without so far benefitting or injuring all classes. The electors all knew Mr. Atkinson as well as himself, he was one whose antecedents would bear strict scrutiny but if the electors could find one more suitable and preferable they ought to choose him. Without making t longer speech, he would beg to propose to place John Atkinson, Esq., in nomination as a fitand proper person to represent thein in the House of Assembly. Alderman Evans 6aid no one could more regret than himself, the necessity for electing a member in the room of h ! s friend Mr Adye Douglas. The electors would no doubt re- collect the active parthe had taken in securing the return til Mr Douglas, ashe was fully convinced, that gentleman would give the utmost satisfaction to the doctors of Launceston. He had given them entire satisfaction, and though he had gone to England for a few months, he (Mr. Evans) hoped to see him return in safety, and if a vacancy occurred in about It months, he would have the pleasure of again nominating Mr. Douglas there. But in the mean time they must have a gentle-- man to represent .them, *and he knew Mr. Atkinson to be a man of business habits, and peit'cclly fit and capable of representing them. He was an old colonist of high character, vrho had resided for thirty yeara aud reared a large family amongst them. By electing him, they would secure an active intcligfnt man as their representative He had much pleasure iu seconding the nomination of Mr. Atkinson. Mr. J. J Moorr was received wi'h cheers, and a burst of good humoured laughter. He had the honour of proposing another candidate, and that was not his first introduction to the electors, as it was of Mr. Atkinson. What has that gentlemen's instrumentality effected for the reduction of taxes upon the rate-payers ? What had he done for them on the 'Water Bill, the Land Bill, &c.; t AVhen Mr. MatthewB had got the Municipal Hi 11 for additional taxation thrown out. The proposed Land Bill purposed putting into the hands of wealthy men lots of 6000 acres uf land at a pepercorn a year rent. He eould show thut the terms upon which others had got land, had never oeen complied with, or by the payment of quit rent. One friend h«d lent liiB money to another friend, to buy up the bestlandB in tbe colony, and he could name men in town who bad got land by borrowed money and oa false pretences. The Parliament required new blood in it, he had no donbt Mr. Matthews would be returned, and he hoped soon to follow him there himself Promises had been made of alteration in several acts, but what had ever been doue ? The Master and Servant Act remained worse then the convict penal code. The licence fee remained at £51) here, though reduced to £25 in Victoria. They did not require any more of those wl i'ti choker gentlemen, such members were only desirous of procuring places and pensions for their friends, instead of acting honestly towards their constitu- ents. If Mr. Matthews was returned, he would go to Parliament on his own funds honestly made and carried, he would go in on liiB own account and be one of the people's own class. If the people did not get such representatives, they would be oppressed by those in power, and an iron yok" would be put upon their necks which they would not be able to break. He had much pleasure in proposing Mr James Matthews as a lit and proper person to represent Launceston in the House of Assembly. Mr. Samuel Watson said he believed it was pretty well known to most of those present that he was not in Tery good health, and he was not inclined to trouble them with a long epeceh. Sir. Gleadow had partly paved the way for him, and bs he was an old master of his, he w*as inclined to stick pretty close to him. He has proposed Mr. Atkinson to represent them, and for why ? be Because he considered hiin the most fitand proper person, aud that none better couli 1 he brought forward to appose him. Now he (Mr Watson) had an opinion of his own that Mr. Matthews was a iar better man for that purpose, and for very many reasons. - Mr Atkinson would not show any of them much favour if he got thctu i:i the Insolvent Court; he had not shown much to Mr. Colquhoun there, a man who had brought £12,000 to the country and bad been ruined for his pains. Lie knew something of Mr. .\tkinson and Mr. Atkinson was by him better knovn than trusted Mr. Mathews' principles were well known to them all; he was ready to advocutc their inn-rests, both person ana pocket, while he (Mr. Watson) doubled that Mr. Atkinson would advocate their interests in person,—he felt certain be would not in purse. At the last election the ironmonger was returned, but at this struggle the Biisbane.street people were driven trcmencuously into tbe corner, when they could liud uo better representative than John Atkinson. Why did they not send a | requisition to Mr Blaikford, who was a res- j pcotable rhimney-sweep, and uot to Mr. Atkinsun, who was only known as a common . assignee r Hotter A-ould it be for the independent electots to give up the ghost of representation altogether, than return such a member. Mr. Matthews was a far superior man ; he would not be put down in the Assembly by tbe frown of a Weston, a Henty, a Crooke, or a Inni». He was going to say something stringer, but would only retnnrk that in his opinion Mr. Atkinson would always go wi'h the long and strong side, waiting, on each question, like another member, to see which would prove the strongest. Now the strong siue in Parliament was againBt the people, and it was time to put in some members for them. It seemed as if neither as Aldermen or Members of Parliament, they were capable of choosing a man of independent mind from amongst the class of tradesmen to represent them. He would like to see a bricklayer, carpenter, or other respectable mechanic returned as their representative, instead of always picking out these longcoated gentlemen for that purpose. He was independent of them himself, and what was for the interest of the electors was for his interest. He would rather see a bullockdray at his door than a carriage any day. When Mr. Corbett had been brought out to oppose the return of Mr. Goodwin to the Municipal Council, Mr. Gleadow said he supported him on principle, believing Mr. Corbett to be the most suitable man ; so did he (Mr. Watson) then come forward to support the return of Mr. Matthews, as he felt perfectly satisfied that he was a far superior man to Mr. Atkinson, and that the result of the poll would be for the former 700, and the latter 360. He knew quite well that was how it would be, as oven Mr. Atkinson's friends were turning against him. The poll would of course be taken by ballot, and though pawns might go to wri M " w«U John, X voted for you 5" sdlthe wMe AeyJ would be voting fer James. He (Mr Watson) was convinced that on Priday next it would be proved thatjlr. Matthews was the choice of the people, and he was bappy to second his nomination as such. Mr. Atkinson admitted, that though an old man, and fenold colonist, be was butayouthful politician. He did not wish to represent Launceston, $1 the electors thought they could get a better man. From his knowledge of their won*, and well-known business habits, he felt be could serve. What was for their interest must be for his own, It wu all folly and clap-trap to talk about a division of interests in that community The greateat stake in the Colony was tnc people s industry, and iie wouid always support the industrious jdb"5. None but an industrious man could, nor did any other deserve to succeed. (Applauke.) An Elector enquired what had ever been done to assist the poor man f Or what Jid they want to bring n railroad forward to help to crush the poor man with more taxation for interest on borrowed money I People were literally starving is Latmceston and he knew it. Mr. Atkinson woald repeat, that if returned he would do all he could for the collective interests of the Colony, and Launceston in particular. All he required th« Electors to do, waa to put the best man foremost on Friday. He was quite independent in his views, he was not going to Parliament to look for place or pension, he was too old a man for that, all he looked for was an opportunity of serving Launceston and the Colony. He was prepared, and would be happy to answer such questions as might be put to him. An Elector enquired what his opinions were on State Aid f Mr. Atkinson believed that the time was fast approaching when every sect would have to pay for the support of their own religion. If no other elector wished to put any further questions, he would beg leave to retire, and trust to the decision at the pell. Mr Matthews said he was happy to be placed in the same position, aB an opposing candidate, as formerly. The way in which the Electors had been represented or rather xis-represented bad existed too long, end it was time now to have equal laws and equal justice to all. Some person said that was Hr. Crooke'a motto. Mr. Matthews said Mr Crook es had taken it from him. He had promised the people long before to obtain for them equal justice, —if he should be returned to the Assembly. He would enqsire what measures had ever been passed to benefit the poor rran )—hedid not mean by that term persons with salaries of £400 a year, but the poor industrious mechanic. The Council had passed the Licensing Act, the Master and Servants' and other Acts, and the parliament were going to pass a more important one still —for Money, Money, Money. The Estimates for 1868, would be brought forward, and passed as usual, without scarcely a Bhow of opposition, unless the Electors sent down a man of different views and a different class to those already in the Parliament; men who would oppose any measures for the increase or taxation. He did not wish for popularity, but if the class from which the representatives of Launcesten had hitherto been chosen, had a right to be represented, were not the clues of tradesmen and mechanics fuily justified in choosing one of their own class f Should ):e he selected, he would devote himself sincerely, soul and body, to the task of obtaining justice to his constituents. If the Electors wished to put any question t* him he would be happy to reply. No questions were put to Mr Matthews. The returning Officer declared Mr Matthews to be duly returned by show, of hands. Mr Atkinson demanded a poll, and as we announced on Saturday, in our Telegraphic dispatch, the poll on Friday terminated as follows :— Poll. Matthews 272 Atkinson 22S 41 