PUBLISHED DAILY. TUESDAY, MARCH 17, 1857. THE LAND SYSTEM. Mr Coster, the editor of the Kilmore Examiner, who is now a candidate for the representation of the Murray Bo- roughs in opposition to Mr Goodman, the Commissioner of Trade and Cus- toms in the late Ministry, has forwarded to us a copy of a pamphlet written by himself on the subject of the great question of the day, the sale and set- tlement of the public lands. It is in the shape of a letter addressed to Mr Michie. Having attentively perused its pages, we feel that a debt of grati- tude is due to the author, for the lucid explanation and description which it contains of the land systems prevailing in British North America. They have hitherto been not sufficiently widely known in the colony, but the more they are inquired into, the more general will be their appreciation. The author has lived for a long period of years in New Brunswick, where he has practiced as a barrister-at-law, and his statements may therefore be accepted as those of an authority thoroughly acquainted with every branch of the subject. The British North Americm Land System differs slightly in its details ac- cording to the colony in which it exists, but the general principles embodied in them all are strictly identical. In New Brunswick, which is selected for des- cription, the regulations prescribe that public sales of Crown lands shall be held on the first Tuesday in every month, for each county ; that land may be sold for settlement on application to the Surveyor-General, who is empow- ered at once to order the necessary sur- vey, if it has not been made previously, but require that the expense of the sur- vey shall be guaranteed by the appli- cant ; that due public notice of any such sale shall be given twenty days previously through the Government Gazette ; and that outline maps of every county shall be prepared by the Sur- veyor-General, and every information therein afforded to the public respect- ing the situation and limits of the land offered lor sale. With regard to the price of Crown lands, the regulations of New Brunswicc impose an upset price of not less than three shillings per acre, exclusive of the charge for surveying Twenty-five per cent. is required to be paid down, and the remainder is pay- able in three equal annual instalments. The payment of the instalments is se- cured by a bond from the purchaser, and they bear interest at the rate of six per cent. per annum un- til the whole is paid off. Purchasers who pay down the whole amount of the purchase money at once are allowed a deduction of one-lifth. The remainder of the regulations refer to the carrying out of those we have mentioned, which contain the principle of the system in operation. As Mr Coster however, shews, with great clearnes, these regu- lations fully establish the right of every colonist in New Brunswick to the right of selection of whatever unoccupied land he may require ; or in other words, any man may compel the Government to put Crown land into the market under the auction system. In Canada a different plan of sale is pursued. Town allot- ments only are sold by auction, while country lands are sold by selection at the upset price, without auction. Such are the chief features of the two land systems prevailing in North America. We can only say, in reference to them, that that of New Brunswick deserves the preference in our opinion, since it opens larger quantities of land, whether in small or large allotments, those por- tions which will be sought after for agricultural purposes, for the purpose of actual settlement to all alike. The purse of the rich man cannot enter into competition with that of his poorer neighbor, and the land is sold, settled, and cultivated, by every one able to afford the upset price, and desirous to become a settler. Population is in- creased, cultivation is extended, produc- tion and consumption are augmented, the tax-paying capabilities of the com- munity are vastly increased, and political and social progress are facilitated and promoted. Such arc the results which have attended the adoption and execu- tion of a liberal land system in British North America. In the United States, as Mr Coster tells us, the same extensive advantages have been realised under a slightly dif- ferent system. He instances, however, the great difficulty experienced by the United States government in collecting payment of the outstanding instalments of the purchase money, and indirectly advocates the rejection of payment for land by instalments In this brief de- scription of the contents of the earlier pages of Mr Coster's pamphlet, it is not our intention to enter upon any argu- ment with the author; but we certainly do think, in reference to this one point, that the non-delivery by the Govern- ment, to the purchaser, of the title deeds to the allotment selected or pur- chased, must operate as an effectual check to neglect or remissness in com- pleting this portion of the transaction. Turning then to the condition and prospects of the colony of Victoria in connection with the settlement of the land, and noticing incidentally the pro- positions of the Victorian Land League, Mr Coster proceeds to state his own views, which we beg to place before our readers in his own words, remind- ing them that he is supposed to be ad- dressing Mr Michie: "The advantage of the New Brunswick Plan is manifest. The land office is open in every county or district. Selection and sur- vey constantly going on. The monthly sales, where rival selectors may either bid against each other, or take the next piece; at all events the dispute is fairly settled, without "reference to official discretion." Favoritism is nowhere; purchase money paid, and grant issued. What can be more simple? The lands cannot be saidto be locked, when every man carries a key in his pocket which fits exactly. It will require but little preparation to set this system on foot here, as all the ma- chinery is in existence and work in the Colony, although not enough of it. As I be- fore remarked, the only thing wanted, in ad- dition to what we have now, is a room for an office in each district. "I think, sir, I have now put you in pos- session of the leading points of my argument. But it will at once occurr to you that, if the system I advocate were in operation, the sheep and cattle farming business, as now carried on, would be at an end. The selec- tion and sale of a few farms in the middle of a run would, indeed, effectually stop the opera- ation of the sheep farmer. But, sir, I contend that the Legislature ought immediately to tell the Squatters what they are to expect. I maintain that the Squatting question should at once be definitely settled. It is unworthy of an elected Government, in a British coun- try, to keep so great and vital public ques- tion open so long. Let it be boldly taken up and fairly disposed of. I submit the following as the principle on which it ought to be settled. "The sheep and cattle business of this country is a great commercial interest. It produces not only a large revenue to the Colony, but it also produces the great neces- sary of life — animal food. Owing to the un- certainty of the effect of the approaching legislation on the subject, the produce of this business is declining. The Colony of Vic- toria is now sending away money to purchase sheep and cattle — the very articles she ought to export! This is commercially wrong, and injures the Colony. If a sudden death-blow were to be given to the pastoral interest, it is impossible to appreciate the distress which would ensue. It will be some years before the agriculturalists will be able to contribute much to the supply of animal food of the country, to say nothing of the export of wool, and meat would become scarce and dear. "I am as determined an enemy of land mo- nopoly as ever existed. I would risk every- thing even life itself, to overthrow such a tower of iniquity and corruption as restrains the free settlement of this country, but I will never join in a party-movement to destroy a great branch of industry, fruitful source of wealth and revenue, a productive power of the chief necessities of life, the occupation of thousands of industrious persons, and the employment of a resource which is perfectly worthless for any other purpose. I maintain That the pastoral interest ought to be pre- served not by any means to the extent, and in manner, as it now exists; but in such a manner as will preserve it, without in the slightest degree interfering with the extreme liberality and freedom in the selection and sale of land in this country for many years to come. You, sir, have shown the people the value of the Orders in Council as the basis of a legal claim on the part of the squatters No one now — not excepting the squatters themselves — believes that they have the ghost of a claim to protection by any law except that of general policy. But I think they should, on grounds of public advantage be offered the chance of continuing their business by a regulation on the following principal. "It cannot be disputed that there is a vast extent of land in this country unfit, both from quality and situation, for any agricul- tual purpose. Tracts of this kind of land are spread in patches over the whole Colony, and are totally unsuitable for any but pastoral occupation. The ranges, with the steep gullies and narrow flats between them, never could be cultivated. This district, which is in general and agricultural one, abounds with such tracts. It is self-evident that, if these lands were fenced, they would carry a third, if not twice as many sheep or cattle as they do now. Several runs in this district are already fenced, and many extensive paddocks. I have always heard it estimated by farmers and set- tlers in general, the fenced land in this district will carry a sheep to the acre. The paddocks about here of 400 to 500 acres, carry a head of cattle to every five acres. The runs in this district may vary in size from 50,000 to 100,000 acres in extent. The runs of this Colony are not half stocked, but the squatters manage to make themselves pretty comfortable, notwithstanding their diminished flocks. Now, sir, I propose that a tract varying in size from 10,000 to 20,000 acres, according to situation and quality, should be laid off from each run in actual use, and rented by the Government for pastoral pursuits for eight or ten years, according to situation. That these tracks should be laid out so as to include little or no agricultural land, but with sufficient water supply, and then offered for lease by auction, without preference to present occupiers, except as regards the pre- emptive section of 640 acres. Their position would give them quite sufficient advantage over everyone else in the competition for these runs." ISlS-CIUVCMlTH .MuNn il'AL liYK LAW's! \- Our attention lias been called to the ambiguous reading of the following hie law No. 3. proposed ,by Councilor iSiown, aiiJ seconded by Councillor Win er: J3YK I. AW NO. III. " That from the grrat danger of fire uiuli r ox'Stin^- crctimiiianciM, it is or by this Town Council th.-t it shall not be lawlul for any roof or cxte' rior covering of canvas, duck, drill, or calico, or any sveh "material, to be pmcvd upon nny building to b'.' erectetl in this municipality from the datr o tlii, bye law receiving the ae.tM t)f bi» ^Kcelui.oy ,ti.c 0lllcer AdminiHerl.m U»e (joverninent of V^toria/- nor shift it be lawful for any now in use lr> bi> repaired or removed, unless such build in# shall stand twenty dear yard-. from anv dwelling hou«c ; :mil :\uy acting in contravention of this bye la"' in any way, shall upon conviction be fore two or more Justices of the l'o.x forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding £20. .' Moved by Councillor Brown, se conded bv Councillor Winter." The words in italics are those which seem to lis to be of doubtful moaning. In the first instance, " roof or cxt -rior covering " does not appear to us t > applv to the walls or sides of a buildin g ; ami we are not singular in this opinion. Tliere are already some places erected in Beechworth, with shingle roofs ami calico sides. In the second place, we are inclined to the beliet that any other material than cotton can be used (or a j roof, according to the sense in which '-ve read the words-"canvass, duck, drill, or calico, or any such material." Again, with reference to repairing calico place-, it would r-ee n that to establish a case a; infringmcnt, it would be necessary for ti.e Council to prove that the place so repaired was actually in use a-, tlie time tlu? bye- law was passed. It our render ing of the bye-law in this case he correct, tin* sooner the Ooii'ioil appoint, a consulting barrister the better, to avoid Miliar, and perhaps more serious errors in future. TUB STitERts,-Messrs Mmtell and Holers have with business-like promp titude set about rooting up the primitive -?tump- mid trees of Bcechworth ; hut we aiv sorry to say that they do not show the same readiness to cart away or o.hcnvise remove the stumps and tr, es so rooted up, nor do they fee-.n to cft-e even to keep a cart road clear for trillic. On the contrmy, the uprooted stumps arc so well dispersed over the ro. d. th it it is quite a serpentine walk for .1 pedestrian to wind his way be twixt them, besides the large holes Oiade in eradicating the stumps are lei't op'ii day after day and night alter ni:-lit, to the great annoyance and danger of those i> iio have occasion to travel that way. We understand that the contractors have sab-let the cleaving aw,'iy of the stumps, but that docs not relieve t\eiu of their responsibility in th" matter ; and we call upon the Coitici! ;» insis: upon the streets being chared of the obstacles complained of. as tiiev are taken up day by day, and the Iv lvs refilled at once. I'Vr the latter purpose we see no preparation whatever beinjjmade,while it is n matter which should not be delayed uiukccs siuily. In n work of that sort, tlie greatest expedition should be used, ami as little inconvenience mid risk inclin ed as possible .Messrs Mar tell & Rogers would be consulting their own interest by performing their work with despatch and fidelity, seeing that there are more contracts to come. Tin: I!l Dohado-Messrs Strick land ami Connolly's claim continues to show well. The lirst bottom obtained Inst week proved to be a false one, and they are now sinking through a second bed of (vashdirl in every wnyeqnd to that raised before. The claim owners state that, from the prospects last ob tained, there is stillicient black sand in the washing stulf to pay for working the claim, leaving the gold as pro/it. I'll!-. Govkhnoii.--We believe we are not. violating public confidence or im properly parading oflicial secrcts, when we ini'urm our readers that we have every reason to believe that the Ovens district will shortly be honored by a visit from the (iovertuir. As Sir Henry Harkly will be accompanied by Lady Barklv, we naturally presume that his visit will take place before the setting in of winter, and while our roads re main pas-able. Were his Excellency to undertake the journey alone, the d;s triet might perhaps derive some iinme diate and direct advantage, if lie were favored by a little practical experience of the Sydney road during the winter month.'). Whenever he may come, of this we are certain, that he will meet will a warm and In any reception. 1'llK l/ANO l.KAGUIt MchtINK AT run Nink Mii.h-file day on which tlie meeting is to be held in the public room at the Nine-mile was erroneously staled the oilier day to be .Monday next. It should have been iSatinday the 21st instant. fur. HiI'mcKN KIVEH. - The pros pecting party at the head of Curlewis's branch of the ISivkeu Hirer have found gold in payable (piantiLie-1, with very good samples of hlack sand. Tun Kucvhic TI lhihavh -Mr MeCiowan, the able superintendent of the electric telegraph l ues in Victoria, arrived in lieechworili oil Sunday evening, for the purpose of sclcctin* a .lite f -r a u ation ill the township. Wo believe he has already succeeded, and as tin> work* are to be commence I im mediately, that there is a prospect of the Ovens being brought, r/i rapport \ with Melb'urne within the next eight or nine months. There are to lie sta. lions at IVodonga, Keechworlb, Wan. gai'Mta, atul Kihnovc, with temporary stiitiona at Uena'la and Seymour. MACLEAN AND NIXON'S SALE the sale at Mssrs McLean and Nixon'.s yesterday, condncted by Messrs J> H> Gray and Co. realised extraordi nary prices. The drapery store was bought by Mr MacLean for the enor- mous sum of L5,650 The grocery store was knocked down to Mr Nixon for £2,050. Both these transactions | are perfectly bona fide. An allotment in Finch street found a purchaser at the large price of £130. The stock, a very large portion of which was sold to Mr Maclean and Mr Nixon in their indi vidual capacity, realised very fair prices indeed, and the dissolution of partnership is likely therefore to result in a very satisfactory balance sheet to the partners. The sale will be con tinued to-day. 