MORMON CONFERENCE IN LONDON. Tnis interesting Beet held its sixth onnaul conference at the Adelaido Gall ery, Strand, under the presidency of Apostle Qraoa I'rntt and Apostle Ezra Benson. About 600 persons were pre sent in the morning, about 1,000 in the afternoon, and upwards of that number in the evening. Most of theso person? lookedliko Latterday Saints. The pro ceedings were conducted in an orderly manner,and consisted chiefly of addiess efl Brother Pratt described in forcible lan guage the scriptural claims of Mormon. mhi. Delegates weie present from dii serentparts of the cjuntry. From the statement of Pastor Ros?, the representative of London, it appeared that £1,260 had been subscribed during the past year for emigration and other purposes. The exertions of the priest, hood in the good wotk had been univer sally received and accepted. Preaching in tho streets, lanes, and other placet, had been received, ond where there had been opposition great wisdom had been evidenced. Tho President of tlie Kent Conference said they had had very pleasant times. He looked upon the saints there, who numbered 650, as a " (irst-cUss lot ol pec pi-, as they supported thirteeneiders.. and also paid their tithing," and approve All the elders prppojwl. They hadalip to bear ll.j-ir rhurcut oppo.-itioii, but they had (eh the better fur it. The President from Essex snid he had rc-baptized in his district 241 out of 374. The people were first rate in the work, and willing to pay their tithe Rtid offerings; the Lord had been with them this year more than ever. Phc president from Reading was happy to be present, surrounded as ho was by the saints and servants of the Groat Goii. In his district (i poor agricultural one), out of 300 or 400 snints, there were 350 who wero good for nothing. Of the remaining 250, the greater portion lived or rather vegetated on parish allowance. They had subscribed £50 during the past year to the emigration fund, and a large number of them would emigrate during the coming season, A p.istor from Southampton and Dor Betshire complained of the want of hon esty "on the part of the learned editors." Not long sinoe the papers teemed with accounts of the vicious character of their elders-of their doing everything nnbe coming a man, much loss n saint, circu lated by Judge Drummond. It had bren proved by the American papers that Judge Drummond had invented his stories to iujnre the Latter day Snints, and to bring them into collision with the United States government. .The Sheffield delegate (n gentleman from Utah) said the saints in his district were not rich, « hut good looking," aj they enjoyed thespititor the Lord, which made them look and feel well. He him self had been baptised and rcccivcd the Holy Ghost by laying on of hands. He conjured his hearers to become Mormon, and forsake their sins. They were, he said, the most temperate people in'the world. J list go into the houses. Where where their pipes? They had thrown tlieiji away. Where wo.-e their tea pot?? They had no use for them. He declared that Joe Smith had done more good than any rjian since our Saviour, and that Brighani Young was a great and mighty prophet and father in Israel, fhp proceedings of the afternoon were varied by innocent refreshments, such as ginger beer and other cooling drinks. Here and th?rc might bcnoticcd affection, ate couples with their arms round each other's waists. In the course of tlio evening, a rapid review of the origin and history of Mor - monism down to the present time, was given by Mr. Orson Pratt. Collections were made after each service. The Conference was brought to a close by n social meeting at the Teetotal Hall, Broadway, Westminster, The ] rocccd.' ings were certainly of such a character 33 were never witnessed in a " confer ence" before. At the outset, the assem blage engaged in singing, in a loud strain, one of their favourite hymns, led by Eldor Barnard, totke tuno of the "Low backed Car." The purport of this song was the Jong looking.for day when they would all get to Zion (Utah.) Brother Silver, one of the elders, next obliged the company with "a little har mony." It waa something about, " I Iiovcr Itnoiv what joy wan, Till I bccarao a Mormon," &o;, _ Several songs and recitations were given. One of the Yankee elders, frosh from the Salt Lake Valley, said ho '' felt fust rate." He could fetch in firing, if they wanted it; and he calculated he was always " to hnnds*' when any. body was wanted to move the fixins, to hunt up the lost sheep, or to drive the oxen. When anything of this kind was to be done, ho was always at hand, to do the best he could ; but he wasn't much of a hand at discoursing. He drew a pitiable picture ot the heathenism of this contry, and gave a glowing des cription of the enlightenment and happy nes* of the saints in Utah A Mr Harrison, who was one of the very few Englishmen among theso Mor mon prophets, next addressedthe meit iiig. He particularly defended poly gamy, because it reduced the martial duties to some kind of system. Mor monitm did not allow men and women to rush into mutrimony without aiiy guiding principles adapted to every I condition ot u mutt's litc; it entered into the privacy of the c hambor, con trolled every action. It taught men to act as God would have them act. This was the difference between the Mormouito polygamy and the Oriental system. _ The congregation then indulged in a pious parady ol the balliid "Minnie." As altered, it was culled a psalm. Elder George B:rd having recited « piece about the » Bishop's Banquet" apples and pears,. cakes and biscuits were handed round. Those were wash ed down by draughts of pump water from large jugs. Another Jilder then favoured the conference with some more harmony about ''Sleepy Parsons," the chorus to which was-. " Hoigbo t yon sleepy parson* ! Ha ! l:a ! ha ! ha I what a lark ; After all your college learning You wUl find yon'ro la tho dark." The vety reverend elder gave this song to the air of a nigger melody, "Oh, Susannah, don't you cry for me I'' and he added to tho effcct by vigorous. Iy slapping his thighs, after the man ner of the Kthiopiau serenaders {'Loud upplause,) Some sisters sang. An elder, with a strong Yankee ac cent advised the sisters to sell of their ornaments, and put the money into the emigration fund, to enable them to "gather out of Babylon i, e" to leave this country for Utah. The Apos le Oreon Pratt then gave the sisters some advice on the subject of marriage. Ho taid that marriage, il celebrated by the Mormon Church, ex tended not only till death, but through out eternity. He urged them not to marry any men but Mormons, or when they awoke at the Dav of Judgement they would find themselves without husbands, and be obliged to remttin single throughout eternity. This hor rible eventuality he dwelt upon in a very unctuous manner. Fvra Benson, another apostle, ad dressed the audience in his shirt sleeves His speech was »ull"f Yankee humor coarse, but it told well with the saints He also said that he felt "fust rate." Referring to his wives and children whom he bad hit in Utah, ho sold he I hi Jicvod all liis wives would rot npost. utiso. and that, thtreiore, he would m.t bo likely to undergo tho misery of remaining in heaven. He described Brighara Young as'the beat and holiest roan in the world, and said ho did not wonder at the sisters falling in love .with him. Every good man ought to have more than one wife. He said ho would advise the editors who abused them to consult their works and they would find everything "as right as taturs." '1'he proceedings terminated shortly alter- ton o clock. -Ejig\ish Paper. 