THIRD DAY. . Subjoined is a detailed account of the day's racing : GRAND SPBIKO HANDICAP STBBPLEOHASB.-200 sovereigns. Entrance 10 sovereigns. About three miles, over such course as the stewards may appoint. Winners of any steeplechase of the value of £100 after the publication of the weights to cary 71bs. extra. Mr. Abbott's b. g. Walkover . 1 Jillct's bl. g. Rambler . 3 > Camel, Triton, and Black Bpy also started, but were not placed. 1 ,, Betting : 2 to 1 against Camel, 5 to 2 against Walk- over, 4 to 1 against Rambler. Walkover went away looking "all alive and merry" and "np to everything," followed by Black Boy, Rambler, and Camel ; Triton in the rear. All took their leaps well, clearing the stone wall in gallant 'style. At the next leap Camel " turned turtle ;" ,his rider, however, quickly recovered his horse and seat, and went away after his mates. Black Boy main- tained the lead, taking his "timber" neatly, well attended by Walkover and Rambler, andirunning a fast pace, with the race apparently all inhisownhands. The leap at the top of the hill bothered Walkover, who, making a clumsy rush, fell, but was up and on again in a moment. All down the hill Black Boy looked like a winner, and the sporting men considered it "all right and settled," when lo! at coming to the leap at the foot, the hone baulked, and no " penna sion" could for some time lift him over the fence. Walkover and Rambler took the leaps in first-rate style, and tried their best to finish with a flat race the former, notwithstanding three ugly falls, coming in first, Rambler a good second, and Black Boy (hav- ing been penuaded to " change sides" with the rasper) third. About five minutes afterwards Camel showed up, evidently much distressed, and his rider literally'a " representative of the soil." , Triton made his appear- ance some time after, dead lame. THE OPTIONAL SBLLINO STEBPLEOHABE, , 100, sove- reigns. Entrance, 6 sovereigns. Weight for age, with allowances and penalties, 4 yrs., lOst. 71b. ; 5 yra., list. 101b.; 6 yrs. and aged, 12st. 71b.. The winner to be sold for £200. Hones entered not to be sold, to carry 141b. extra. If entered tobe sold for £150, allowed 71b. ; for £100, allowed 141b. ; for £50 allowed 211b. ; for £30, allowed 281b. The winner, if priced, to be sold by auction after the race, and the surplus to go to the race fund. Over the same course as in the Grand Steeplechase. Mr. Hill's or. g. Brummy . 1 Abbott's ch. g. Fivey. 2 Nimrod, Oomus, and Grey Friars also Btarted. Beti ting : 3 to 1 against Fivey, 3 to 1 against Cornus, 4 to 1 against all others. A good start was made and the lot went away fairly, Fivey and Oomus showing the way to take the jumps, the example being duly followed by the other "tits" to the stone /wall, to which Nimrod and Grey Friars , decidedly objected. Fivey, Cornus, and Brummy made a first-rate match, all close together, taking " the tim- ber" beautifully, and came down the hill (as the rain did) rapidly. At the bottom Brummy had the lead. At the leap, Cornus came down " a smasher," severely injury his jock, and leaving1 the race to the two others, I which was cleverly won by Brummy. The other horses were nowhere. Sweepstakes,of 25 sovereigns, 15 forfeit^] with 100 sovereigns added. For all horses. Mr. Purcell's br. g. Tomboy (Holmes) . 1 Keighran's b. g. Mosstrooper.,. 2 W. T. Howe's ch.g. Veno. . ,..,.. .,.," o Hunter, Woodpecker and Van Tromp also Btarted, but were not recognised. The start was an uncommonly good onej all away together, Tomboy singling himself out proudly, the rest in " a ruck," with the exception of Hunter, who " drove all before him." The ground had now, with the continued rain, become very heavy, and the nags kept their position " all there," going easy and steady round" the course. Opposite the Stand Tomboy was still leading, lively as "a sprite," Veno carefully jockeyed, and Woodpecker in full play. At the gate, however, Veno let out, and raced after Tom- boy, expecting, it was presumed, as usual to catch anything he pleased ; here, however, he was for once mistaken : with, all Higgerson's excellent management it was "no go." Tomboy "held his own," and would not be caught, but rather increased his distance; while in the heavy ground under the hill (now ren- dered swampy by the continued rain), Mosstrooper showed forward briskly, challenged the "Sydney crack," passed, him, and raoed up a fair second to Tomboy, who came in a winner by half a dozen lengths, amidst the cheers of the Victorians, Veno a bad third, and unequivocally dead beaten. , MATCH POR £1000 to £500.-Two and a half miles. Mr. Warby's bl. h. Cardinal Wiseman, 12st 41b.I A. Chlrnstdo's gr. m. Alice Hawthorn, 12st. lib. * ..' 2 This was a splendidly ridden race, and although the state of the course from the continued rain, made the match in favour of tho horse, Alice was looked on most favourably, mounted as she waa by her late opponent in riding (Higgerson, Veno's trainer and look), and never was the mare better ridden. At starting, it was evidently, "What are you going to do?"tand, until coming to the now very heavy ground under the hill, each waited on the other, though at a rattling pace; here, however, the superior power of the hone told, and he took place number one-at " the stand" it was neok and neck-when about one-third round the course, the mare showed in front, but was again col- lared when opposite the Grand Stand; thence the nags raced neck and neck to the soft ground, where the Cardinal again took precedence of the mare, and galloped in a winner by fully three lengths.' The days' sporting amusements closed with the Hack Races of 25 sovereigns. Entrance, two sove- reigns. Once round the course. The winner to be sold for not less than £40, and any excess to go to the race fund. < - Mr. Walton's ch. g. Tasman. 1 Goodwin's b. g. Ghost. .. S Bessie Bedlam, Munie, Wait-aWhile, and Podgers I alto started/and although a not exactly "high turf L lot," afforded much'amusement, all evidently mean i ingtowin. > Tattersall's was WeU attended last night, and, i though no amount of > business was tramar tod, several LI very beneficial alterations wert > suggested, chkfiy by I spotting gentlemen from tit« Sydney sids, which, if . followed out, will not only tend to improve the tone ? sporting society here, but elevate it into the position it . should hold-that of true respectability. ' Some bold, offers were made for challenges for two matches by our sporting friends at Geelong, which, although not 1 taken up this evening, were provisionally promised to be provided for in the coune of to-morrow, presuming the proposer then being willing, but to which clause, I as far as we could uadentaud, no reply was made. . 