literature. POETRY. ?AN ESSAY DY C. D. YOUNG. Read before the Kiama Literary and Debating Society, on the \ith of October, 1856. The eminent name of John Wilson, lute professor of moral philosophy in tho University, of Edinburgh, must be known to some who nro present. This gentleman, distinguished also in tho literary world as a poet and critic, in commenting on the works of Lord Byron, says they are distinguished ' above all for a soul-felt, blood felt delight in beauty.' But it is not alone in tho beauty ot tho physical universe, or the forms ' that do inherit it,' 'the mystery and tho majesty of tho earth,' that the province of poetry is formed. Whatever is admirable in tho moral or intellectual world; whatever is heroic or self-denying in patriotism or philanthropy ; whatever ii snblimo and persistent in endurance and martyrdom ; whatever is amiable or disinterested in love or friendship ; whatever is elevated and awful in devotion ; all these constitute with equal truth, and in a higher sense, tho study and tho delight of tho poet. ' We must improve upon tha writers of fiction, place his tones in verse, and compose them according to tho laws of moral beauty,' aays Plato. Tho lively perception of physical or moral beauty or grandeur, then, constitutes poetical feeling ; tho ability to reproduce tho impressions of beauty or grandeur which have been made upon the mind of the individual constitutes poetical talent. I shall be asked whether the painter and tho sculptor aro then, equally entitled to tho namo of poet. Undoubtedly. Tho Greek etymon of tho word poet poietes, ranker, creator, — or invontor — is at least sufficiently comprehensive to apply to all these three classes of artists ; nor have those to whom alone the term is colloquially given ever been desirous to exclude the painter and the sculptor from their brotherhood. Those whose taste enables them to con template with kindred satisfaction the various develop ments ot the one principle, which aro distinguished by the names of poetry, painting, and sculpture, will require no arguments to persuade thorn of the identity of tho spirit which pervades those several forms ; and to those of a different temper such arguments would he unintel ligible. When the sculptor Phidias was asked where lie could possibly have, found tho ideal of his statue of the Olympian Jove, reckoned among the wonders of tho ancient world, he replied that he had found it in the pages of Homer. Where was the difference in this case etween marble and gold, that representation of power and Majesty, which the former had less palpably, but not therefore, less strikingly, presented to the mind in the music of his verse. The spirit which had filled the breast of tho one guided tho hand of tha other. Con sidering, then, thar, whatever may us the itcjucto appli cation of the words poet and poetry those terms cannot dej'ure be confined to any particular class of literary persons and their productions ; it is to be wished, perhaps, that our language contained some expressions, which might define these when used in the moro limited and emphatic sense. I do not presume to coin or introduce any such, however; but shall bo content to use words as others use them. Yet I make one exception in regard to the common identification of verse and poetry, and the equally unfounded distinction between poetry and prose, neither of which I can for a moment admit. The spirit of poetry, (in other words our sense of the beautiful and tho sublime), may be, and has been as admirably expressed in what is called prose, as it ever has been or ever will be in the most elaborate verse, although, as if by a natural law, tho language of those who endeavor to express this spirit, almost invariably assumes an elevated and musical tone, which is rarely perceptible in the works of the mass of authors. Shelley's eloquent defence of poetry is an ex cellent instance of this. The same may be said of the prose works of Milton. Mr. Macauley's contain examples hardly less striking, and I should have had great pleasure in reading to the meeting a portion of an imaginary conversation between Milton and Cowley, which was among Mr. Macauley's early productions, if the volume containing it had been within reach. I venture, how ever, to read an extract from Lord Francis Gower's translation of the celebratcd 'Faust' of Goethe, together with a few words of remark by tho Quarterly Reviewer probably Mr. Lockhart, which will show that what I have asserted is in fact recognised in what may bo called, in conventional language the, highest critical circles. The interlocutors in this scene (for the work is of a dramatic form) are the heroine of the piece, and an imaginary evil spirit, created of course for poetical purposes. Tho Latin fragments which nre introduced as chorusses aro portions of the well known ' Dies Ira,' an ecclesiastical hymn of the middle ages. Tho scene passes in a cathedral — Evil Spirit — Margaret, how different thy lot When kneeling at tho altar's foot In thy young innocence ; 'When from tho mass-book snatched in hasto ' Thy prayer was uttered, Prayer, which but half displaced The thought of childish pastime in thy mind. Margaret ! How is it with thy brain ? Is it not in thy heart, ' The blackening spot ? Are thy prayers uttered for thy mother's soul, Who slept through thee, through theo, to wake no more? Is not thy door-stone red ? Whose is tho blood? Dost thou not feel it shoot Under thy breast even now, The pang thou darest not own, That tells of shame to come ? Margaret — Woe, woe ! could I dispel the thoughts, That cross mo and surround against my will ! Chorus — That day, that day of wrath Shall malt tho world into ashes. Evil Spirit— Despair is on tho, The last trumpet sounds, Tho graves are yawniug, Thy sinful heart From its cold rest, For wrath eternal, ' And for penal flames, Is raised again ! Margaret — Were I but hence ! I feel as if the organs swell Stifled my breath, As if tho anthem's noto Shot through my soul ! ? . . Chorus — Therefore when tho Judge shall take his seat Whatever has been done in secret shall be revealed, And no evil deed remain unavenged. ' Margaret — I pant for room ! The pillars of the aisles Are closing on me ! The vaulted roof Weighs down my head ! Evil Spirit — Hide thyself ! Sin and shame may not be bidden. Light and air for the. Despair, despair ! Chorus — Wretch that I am, what shall I then say ; On whom shall I call lor protection, When scarcely tho righteous are secure ? Evil Spirit — The glorified are turning Their foreheads from tho The holy shun To join 'their hands in thine. Despair ! Chorus— Wretch that I am, what shall I then say ; On whom shall I call for protection, When scarcely tho righteous are secure ! Margaret — Help me, Spirit. : Tho criticism I allude to is contained in tho last words of the following paragraph — 'It is among tho highest triumphs to blend, without producing tho effect of incon gruity, the dream and tho reality : and this simple girl's agonies, whether of love, sorrow, or despair, would haye been comparatively powerless, had she not been taught to utter them in the Vivid poetry of such prose as this.' I think tho purest, though not, perhaps, the most compre hensive form of tho expression of poetry, is that which is termed tho lyrical, which, so far as mere forms and names are concerned, may be described as including the various compositions we distinguish by tho names of songs, odes, hymns, &c.; If we regard tho natural origin of the various kinds of poetry as the standard of propriety in in our nomenclature, our use of tho term lyrical may be considered as somewhat arbitrary; for among tho earliest poems some were undoubtedly lyrical, that is, musical in form, and narrative in substance, tho words lyrical and narrative being now distinguished from each other in this kind of criticism. I say that what is now called lyrical poetn is the purest form of poetical composition, because it is' commonly and naturally animated by a sin gle and uninterrupted sentiment of patriotism, devotion, love, &c; , 'as tho case may be.' It would be superflous to quote instances or illustrations of this, but that proba blv some whom I have tho honor to addresshave hitherto given little or no attention to the details of literary criticism. I quote then as an example of this kind of composition the celebrated song of Mrs. Heman's entitled the ' Homces of England,' in which tho sentiments of devotion and patriotism are sufficiently and equally con- spicuous. Tho stately homes of England, How beutiful they stand, Amid their tall ancestral trees, O'er all the pleasant land. The deer athwart their greensward bound, Through shade and sunny gleam : And swans glide past them with the sound Of some rejoicing stream. The merry homes of England, Around their hearths by niirht, What gladsome looks of household lova Meet in tho ruddy light. There woman's voice flows forth in song, Or childhood's tale is told ; Or lips gide timefully along Some glorious page of old. The blessed homes of England, How softly on their bowers Is laid tho holy quietness, That breaths from Sabbath hours ! Solemn, yet sweet, the church -bell's chime Floats through their woods at noon ; All other sounds in that still time Of breeze and leaf are borne. The cottage homes of England, By thousands on her plains, There smiling o'er the silvery brooks, And round the hamlet fanes. Through glowing orchards forth they peep, Eded from its nook of leaves. And there secure the lowly sleep, As the birds beneath their eaves. Tho free fair homes of Englaud, Long long in hut and hull May hearts of native proof be reared, To guard each hallowed wall ! And green for ever he the groves, And bright the flowery sod, Where first the child's young spirit loves It's country and it's God ! An instance of similar feelings developod in ft some what dissimilar form may be found in Mr. Macaulay's ' Toryn a song of the Hugonots ' or French Proteslants. lory was tho namo of the spot where was fought the engagement in which Henry IV., King of Franco and Navarre, then at the head of the Protestant interest in France, crushed, at least, for a time, the efforts of his rebellious subjects who had formed the ?' Catholic League,' and were aided and abetted by Phillip the second of Spain. Now glory to the Lord of Hosts, from whom all glories are ' And glory to our sovereign liege, King Henry of Navarre ! Now let there bo the merry sound of music and of dance, Through thy corn-tields green and sunny vines, 0 pleasant land of France ! And then, Roehelle, our own Rocnelle, proud city of the waters, Again let rapture light the eyes of all thy mourning daughters ! As thou wer't constant in our ills, bo joyous in our joy ; For cold, and stiff', and still are they who arought thy wall annoy ! Hurrah ! hurrah ! a single field hath turned the chance of war! Hurrah ! hurrah ! for lory and King Henry of Navarro ! Oh ! how our hearts were beating, when at the dawn of day Wo saw tho army of tho League drawn out in longarrav ! With all its priest-led citizens, and all its rebel peers, * And Appcnzel's stout infantry, and Egmont's Flemish spears. There rode tho brood of false Lorouino tho curse3 of our land ! And dark Mayenno was in the midst, a trncheon in his hand : And as we looked on them, we thought of Seines em purpled flood, And good Coligni's hoary hair all dabbled with his blood. And wo cried unto the living God, who rules tho fato of war, To fight for his own holy name, and Henry of Navarre ! The King is come to marshal us, in all his armour dressed, And he has bound a snow-white plumo upon his gallant crest : He looked upon his people, and a tear was in his eye : He looked upon the traitors, and his glance was stern and high. Right graciously he smiled on us as rolled from wing to wing, Down all our line a deafening shout ' God save our Lord the King I' ' And if my standard- bearer fall, as fall full well he may, For never saw 1 promise yot of such a bloody fray. Press whore ye see my white plume, shine amid the ranks of war, And be yoiu oriflammo to-day, 'tho helmet of Navarro !'' Hurrah ! the foe is moving— hark tho mingled din Of fife, and steed, and trump, and shout, and roarm' culverin ! ° The fiery duke is pricking fast across St. Andre's plain, With all tho hireling chivalry of Gueldres and Alinain. Now by the lips of those yo love, fair gentlemen of Prance, Charge for the golden lilies-— upon them with tho lance! A thousand spurs are striking deep, a thousand spears in rest, A thousand knights are pressing close behind tho snow white crest. And on they rushed, and in tlioy ponred, while like a ? guiding star, Amid the thickest carnage blazed the helmet of Navarre i Now God be praised— tho day is onrs— Mayehno hath turned his rein : D'Aumal hath cried for quarter, tho Flemish count is slain ! Their ranks are breaking liko tho mist before a Biscav 'alo. Tho field is heaped with blooding steeds, torn fla'3,°and ? oloven mail. ° And then we thought of vengeance, and all along our van , 'remember St. Bartholomew' was passed from man to man. ?But out spake gentle Henry 'No Frenchman is my foe Down, down with every foreigner, but let your brethren 'o ' Oh ! was thero ever such a Knight in friendship or in war As our sovereign lord King Hemy, tho soldier of Navarre ! Ho .' maidens of Vienna, Oh ! matrons of Lucerne, Weep, weop, and rend your hair for those who never shall return ! Ho ! Phillip ! send for charity, thy Mexican pistoles, That Antwerp monks may sing a mass for thy poor spoarsmen's souls ! Ho ! gallant nobles of tho Hague, look that your arms bo bright ! J Ho ! burghers of St, Genevieve, keep watch and ward to-night ? For our God hath crushed the tyrant, our God hath raised tho slave, And mooked tho councils of the wise, the valour of tho bravo. Then clory to His holy name from whom all glories are, And glory to our sovereign liege, King Ilonry of Navarre ! These specimens will sufficiently illustrato what I have said of this class of compositions, and considering that a poom of the lyrical kind thus consists ; namely, of the musical expression of a single boding idea, which naturally developes itself within a very limited compass — a few stanzas or strophes, and as it is, therefore, on the whole, the simplest, as well as tho most onergetio kind of poetical expression, and that, moreover, which exacts the smallest amount of mental effort for its appre ciation, and appeals at tho same time to our sense of harmonious sounds ; it is not surprising that it should be beyond all comparison, the most popular kind of pootry. I have said that what wo call songs aro included in the class of lyrical compositions ; but, I do not of courso meon to protend that all tho songs which become popular aro entitled to tho namo of poetry — far from it. Tho love of music exists quite independently of any poetical feeling ; tho most coarse, licentious, and unpoetical compositions may be as easily set to music as those which aro distinguished by the finest tasto, and tho most exalted sentiment ; and iliey are, of course, cherished by those whose minds aro of a corresponding order, such as unhappily have always formod a largo portion of mankind. The influence of popular lyrics is no doubt on tho whole, greater among men in the earlier than in the more ad vanced stages of civilization ; but that influence has been emphatically recognised in tho most artificial and scientific ages. Tho French national song of La Mar seillaise has more than once been the anthem which hailed, if not the spell that awakened, tho slumbering spirit of liberty in France. ' Give me the making of the national songs,' said the groat Lord Chatham, 'audi care not who frames the laws,' I recollect citing this on a former occasion, as well as the remarkable lecture of Sheridan ; ' I had rather have written Glover's ballad of Hosier's ghost than the annals of Tacitus.' We shall, perhaps, find some of our friends inclined to treat this preference with sovereign scorn, and prepared to demon strate the absurdity of even naming a popular ballad in the same breath with the works of the great Roman historian. The ballad of Admiral Hosier's glio.it has been in my memory from childhood, but I need not occupy tho time of tho meeting with reminding them of its contents, as it has been reprinted times innumerable and is to be found in some of the books of the society's library ; and any member may thereforo satisfy himself as to its title to the admiration of a great statesman. Besides poets have become not only more extensively popular, but more emphatically national than any other class of writers. I do not believe that lloeineor Bo) i ere ever had so many readers or admirers in Franca as tho lyrist Beranger j or that Shakespeare and Milton themselves are properly speaking so popular in England as Moore in Ireland and Burns in Scotland ; though I know not whether there be any exaggeration in William Howitt's expression that the works of the latter aro regarded by the Scottish peasantry in the light of a second Bible. It would be easy to extend my remarks on tho various kinds of composition which are included in my subject, far be yond the reasonable limits of a single essay, and beyond the patience of the meeting. I will say but a very few words on the moro prominent forms of poetry — viz, the dramatic and narrative, or epic, as it used to be the fashion to style almost any poem which contained tho relation of a series of events, a plot, or story in short. These, of course, differ from lyrical pootry only in form ; a difference of the same kind, though less in decree, sub sists between themselves. That which distinguishes them from the kind called lyrical is in a great measure this — that while the lyrical writer addresses his reader in his own person and name, so to speak, while his verse avowedly embodies the expression of his own feelings or ideas which ho presents ns they arise in his breast, tho narrative or dramatic poet seeks what is called a hero or heroine, whom ho endues with some particular virtue the excellence of which he desires to exemplify, and places him or her in such circumstances as may serve most strikingly to illustrato such virtue; and he thus seeks to produce such an impression on tho mind, or if it be pre ferred, such an illusion on the imagination as may serve to render the virtues of heroism, or fortitude, or resigna tion, or devotion more attractive to those in whom the germs of such sympathy exists. This observation, of course, extends only to the purely poetical aim of the composition I ain speaking of. There are many other considerations connected with the production of dramatic and narrative works, with which we have at present no concern. It was said by one gentleman tho other evening that while it was the business of history to tell the tale of tho rise and fall of nations, that of poetry was to analyso and exhibit the feeliugs and the passion of the individual. This I take the liberty to regi.rd as a mis conception. 1 have already sufficiently explained what I consider to be tho true character and office of poetry ; and that which this gentleman regarded as the province of the poetical, I hold to be that of the dramatic faculty. I speak now without any reference to what is called the acted drama. Tho pootieal and dramatic talents are in deen often combined in the same production ; and under tho name of dramatic poems are now included some of the finest compositions in our language. If I recollect right, Sir B. Lytton has in the preface to one of his novels used the word poetry to designate any kind of fiction which aspires to moro than a tempoiary interest. This of course was intended to include his own fictions. But with regard to novels and romances, though some of them are truly poetical ; yet in most cases the picture which their poetry, if they have any, forms, is set, so. to speak, in such an expansive frame of ordinary and every -day circumstances ; and surrounded with such a detail of 'common wants and common cares,' or other mattars neither very elevating nor vory refining, - that the dis tinction for the most part is easily preserved between a poom and a mere story. The same observation may apply in a moro limited sense to narratives which have a ' poetical' exterior. Tho well known metrical narratives of Sir W. Scott are, assuredly, not more poetical, they are less dramatic than many of his admirable prose fictions. ? » * * ' [The essayist bore obsoved that he had now read tho whole of what he had found timo to write. Ho felt less reluctance to conclude thus abruptly, ns he had olready far exceeded the limits of tbo'timo usually occupied in the reading of a single paper in the society's meetings. He might have tho honor of completing his view of the subject on a future occasion. 