MELBOURNE. from our own correspondent. April 22. Thanks to the enterprise of private companies we are in possession of intelligence from England to Feb. 16th, so that the dearth of news that was expected to follow upon the unfortunate accident to the Oneida has not come about. First we had the Lightning, bringing us in 68 days advices to the 5th Feb., and then the Great Britain came puffing up Hobson's Bay, 61 days out, with papers to the date mentioned above. Our friends in the old country, however, do not understand the point of posting duplicates of their letters to us, and therefore we must wait for private gossip until the arrival of the Simla, which R. M. steamer will probably be the bearer of two mails. The P. & O. Company will doubtless esteem it a tri umph that one of their boats should be the first to accomplish the mail service in its entirety, whilst the new company will be taught a bitter lesson as to the magnitude of the undertaking which they have entered upon. The Columbian sailed at an early hour on Thursday morning, carrying but a small freight of gold — something under 12,000ozs., of which a private firm shipped 10,000ozs. It will be seen from this, that the banks will not pay the rates demanded for the overland route. We have now in Hobson's Bay a fine fleet of ships, amongst which there are many of great repute. The Great Britain, s.s. ; Lightning, James Baines, Indomitable, and Swift- sure, may he reckoned amongst the most notable, The last named is one of Mr. Green's Blackwall Line, and, being a stranger in these waters, the captain (W. B. Pryce) and agents (W. P. White and Co.) devised an admirable scheme for intro ducing her to the public. They issued invitations to the haut ton of Melbourne for a grand ball and supper on board, which, as the ship sails on the 28th, necessarily was appointed to come of at a considerable time before that date. Accordingly the night of Wednesday, the 15th, was fixed for the entertainment, and it "eventuated" with a degree of success far beyond the expectations of the guests. The ship was dressed for the occasion in her holiday attire, and so completely changed in internal appearance, that it was difficult to persuade oneself that Neptune was disporting himself playfully within a few planks thickness of the dancers. What with admirable music, still more admirable edibles, and the most unexceptionable wines, etc., not to speak of other less tangible attractions, the affair was deservedly pronounced an immense success. Re verting to the arrivals of the Lightning and Great Britain, you have doubtless noted that the news brought by them cannot be accounted of an important character. In the mercantile world of Melbourne, there appears to be a conviction that home shippers have received a salutary hint about further consignments. The Morning Light had arrived, and by that opportunity some seasonable advice found its way to the mother country. Like all old people, the worthy matron is proud of her Australian inlant, and by way of showing her affection, overfeeds it, till the gorged suckling falls sick, because all the avenues to its digestive apparatus are choked with provender. Mr- O'Shanassy seems to think that a little Duffy's elixir will do the babe no harm ; and apropos of that, let us see how the excellent John pro gresses. The Argus abuses him, and all that is his; the Herald pats him occasionally on the back, hut pummels him the while for keeping bad company — and the Age champions him as the Tipton Slasher, Ben Caunt, or any other of our modern gladiators might have been championed, in their days of need, by truculent-looking gentlemen, possessed of about the same share and description of prowess as that boasted by their leaders. On Tuesday last the Assembly met and ad journed until yesterday, when members agreed to an adjournment till to-day. An open-air meeting takes place this afternoon, at which an attempt will be made to get up a demonstration in favor of ministers. I shall speak of it later. The cur rent opinioR in all sane circles is that O'Shanassy will endeavour to bring about a dissolution ; a sufficiently silly project, in presence of the difficulties which have invariably encountered him, and his co-ministers at every stage of elec tioneering progress. The more reasonable proba bility is that he will resign, and talcea hold stand in opposition. This is "where he is demanded of con science " to he, where he has always done the country good service, and where even his political friends desire to see him. As for the rest, let Mr. Forster once more be seated on the cross benches — the compound wad has e'en a Fosteriau sniff about it ; let Home give himself airs somewhere among the "brass band;" let Greeves take his smiling face and resplendent hat to lighten the obscurity reigning around the "mild eyed, melancholy," &c.; Duffy. The legal gentlemen may return to their innocent muttons, that now are bleating by reason of their shepherds' absence from the pleasant pas time of the Supreme Court. The trials of the Williamstown convicts have been dragging on from day to day, and the last four of the fifteen named in the indictment are now before the Court. Five, whose trials had been protracted up to midnight on Saturday, were acquitted (!) and three more were sentenced to death on Monday, so that six are now lying under sentence. The Court House was crammed each day with spectators, consisting chiefly of laboring men, who, on Saturday night, evinced their sym pathy with the prisoners by applauding when the jury gave in their verdict of Not Guilty. Mr. G. AI. Stephen has been aiding in the defence of these men, very much to his credit. It is a disgrace to the "Victorian bar that any one of these wretched creatures should have been permitted to struggle through the trials, now ending, without legal as sistance ; and it is excusably believed that the ac quittal of the five men on Saturday may be attri buted to the strong feeling experienced by the jury on this subject. The death of Lady Barkly has filled every one with sorrow. The sad event was not anticipated, for although it was generally understood that her ladyship was ill, it was not thought that she was in any danger. The funeral took place yesterday- morning, and was of a strictly private character, the procession consisting of two carriages, &c.; The city is extremely dull, and although an opinion prevails that the threatened commercial storm has passed, there is a lull in mercantile matters. Articles of consumption are advancing slightly, hut the rise is no more than sufficient to mark a tendency towards an improved state of things. In the shape of amusements, we are promised an abundant supply ; and indeed have been well provided during the past week. Air. G. V. Brooke continues to draw amazingly at the Royal. The Corsican Brothers, I am happy to say, have retired to ghost land, and we shall now have something of a more wholesome description. Last night, Air. AI'Kean Buchanan took a benefit at the Royal; and was honored by the attendance of a very large audience. It was announced that the gentleman would 'play Iago to Air. Brooke's Othello; and it may he supposed that many went to see the rivalry (?) between the two actors. Air. Buchanan's reading of the part he had undertaken was altogether of a novel kind. He represented Iago as a flippant, and somewhat formal sort of villain, not as a subtle schemer ; as a light-hearted rogue, going about poking his victims playfully in the ribs, not as a crafty scoundrel, saturated with envy, hatred, malice, and all uncharitableness. However, he received a fair shareof applause ; and to -night plays Othello, a bold endeavour when it is considered that Air. Brooke played the character last night perhaps as no living actor could play it. Cremorne is still open, and attracts great numbers of visitors. On Monday next, the 27th instant, the drawing of prizes in the Gift Enterprise will positively take place Air. Coppin has made ar rangements to give the full amount originally advertised, in order that the public may have no just ground of complaint; and a committee of highly respectable gentlemen has been named to supervise the proceedings. The new theatre is open to-night with the opera of Norma. Too much praise can scarcely be awarded to the lessee for the energy he has displayed in bringing the arrangements of the house to a state of completion. An inaugural address ( allegorical ) from the pen of Air. M. Akhurst, Esq., will be spoken on the occasion ; and will doubtless supply another evidence of the talent possessed by that gentleman. For the rest, it may be said with Aladame Anna Bishop as Norma; Aladnmc Sara Flower as Adelgisa ; Far- quhuarson as Orovesso, and Sherwin asPollio,the resuscitation of Opera in Melbourne will prove a great success. 