&$e softness Morning Herald. MONDAY, MAY 25, 1857. In the Chairman's Vade Mecum, the speech for the first toast runs in the following strain : " Gentlemen,-The toast which I have to propose is one which is received in every assembly of Englishmen, not only with welcome, but enthusiasm, nay with rapture. When I pronounce this toast, gentlemen, it will be impossible to restrain your joyful acclamations. Your eyes glisten with delight even in forming some distant conjecture of what I am about to utter ! I must hasten, or you will anticipate me-. The Queen.' " Our readers will, no doubt, find this quotation whenever they see the first edition of this celebrated work. It has been in every speech we have heard for the last twenty years. r The Queen is now thirty-eight years of age. She has worn the crown for more than half her lifeless long as both of her uncles reigned ; she is still within the age in which it is no affectation to call herself young. She has around her a princely family of eight, and is possessed of all the social qualities and advantages of rank which, if not embittered by calamities, tend to make life happy. Her character has been tried, both in war and peace. Under the strain of continental attachments and party influence she has preserved the reputation of caring more for her people than for her kindred and preferring to the flattery of the court the cheers of the nation. " What limits to the glory and happiness of our native land," wrote Sydney Smith when she ascended the throne, " if the Creator in his mercy shall have placed in the heart of this Royal woman the rudiments of wisdom and mercy. And, if giving them time to expand, and to bless our children's children with her goodness, he should grant to her a long sojourn upon earth, and leave her to reign over us until she is well stricken in years, what glory-what happiness-what joy-what bounty of God ! I, of course, can only expect to see the beginning of" such a splendid period, but when I do see it I shall exclaim with the psalmist, S Lord now lettest Thou Thy servant depart in peace, for mine eyes have seen Thy salvation.' " Perhaps this is carrying loyalty a little too far. The Queen has, however, shown herself at all times an enemy to vice, the patroness of everything elevating. We have seen in our own city some of the productions of her pencil. We did not desire to trace in them uncommon artistic excellence, but it was not possible to refrain from sympathising with a heart which, amidst the splendours of a throne, found gratification in such innocent pleasure?. The uniform and universal popularity of the Queen raises her above the royalties of Europe, not only as exhibiting the proper limits of kingly power, but showing how it may harmonise with the liberties of the people. The sceptre of this great Princess has been so mild and yet so glorious, that ho one would wish to exchange it for the rods~of_*Roma_ consul. It would require j I longer enumeration than a President's speech to record the auspicious reforms and happy changes of this reign changes so great, and yet so unimpeachable, that every party in the State aspires to the honour of having supported them. Not the least important of these relate to the colonies of Australia ; under the benign administration of Victoria every grievance has been removed, every privilege has been conceded. All we can now ask for is, that the reign which has been productive of so many benefits may be prolonged, and when at some remote period that dark brief passage which conducts from the throne to the sepulchre, shall be crossed by this illustrious Princess, that her virtues may survive in her race. Whether as subjects or allies, the people of Australia will never lose their sense of satisfaction in the part they have contributed to the power, influence," and felicity of this hitherto glorious reign. The sentiments of the Chairman's Vade Mecum ate therefore as appropriate to a birthday as to a banquet, and will not be the less welcome because we are as familiar with them as with the National Anthem. = So far as the contest for the county of Cumber- land is a personal one the issue is of no great importance. Two candidates are in the field one a supporter of the present Ministry, of which the late representative was an eminent member ; the other an opponent of the first water. Neither are likely to take any active part in government; their speeches and votes are the only contribu- tion they will bring to their parties. Of Mr. Byrnes personally we shall say nothing, and we shall observe the same silence respecting Mr. Brenan. Both have their friends and their enemies. We have no doubt they both mean to promote the welfare of the colony-and their own. They are both shrewd men, and have cut their eye teeth ; both express themselves with facility and, neither will disgrace the Assembly. They will indeed rather conduce to its respectability and influence, considering how it is composed. It is not, however, necessary we should discuss their merits ; they have been adopted by large bodies of electors, and both have had heretofore the opportunity to exhibit moderation in triumph, and magnanimity in defeat. For the present we leave the men, and turn to the higher issue-who shall be Minister. The change of a few votes from one side of the House to the other, will of course make a change in Government inevitable. It will not give a majority to any other party, and will entail a series of changes, or a dissolution. If the electors of the county of Cumber- land wish to upset the present Cabinet, they will very properly send into the House a member pledged to that course. The electors of Cumberland have been hitherto a mainstay of the Parker Ministry ; has that Ministry lost their confidence ? It is natural for the Opposition to wish to neutralize the county. They have a right to use" their means for that purpose, and they have shown, more than once, considerable power ; but then it is equally the duty of all who believe the retention of office by the Parker Cabinet to be a public good, to prevent the loss of a vote which, for every reason, must be deemed especially valuable now. Mr. Parker's Government are pledged to several things-and we give them our support on the understanding that a few weeks hence will justify these pledges. They have promised an electoral reform which shall increase the members and rectify, in harmony with the spirit of representation, any anomalies in our electoral law. They have pledged themselves to " unlock the lands not to squan- der them to open them for sale-to suppress all obstructions to full, prompt, and ready supply of all who wish to purchase. They have promised at the same time to fulfil to the letter and spirit all the obligations of public faith-no less, and no more. They have pledged themselves to adjust our emigration system to the condition of the colony and to encourage the transfer of people from England and Ireland where their is no room for them to Australia where there is enough and to spare These are among the questions which interest every man who is concerned not for fac- tion, but the country. It remains to be seen what value the electors of Cumberland set upon them and what confidence they repose in the honest purpose and sound judgment of the Ministers. If, as we presume is the case, Mr. Byrnes has no confidence, if he is prepared to vote for their displacement, then let there be no misunderstanding. Every vote given him is a vote against the Ministry of Mr. Parker. And then what next ? We see nothing in the com- position of the Opposition to afford the chance of a Government. There are men in whom we could place confidence, at least as honest and straightforward, but they are not likely to attempt the formation of a Ministry. These men are too advanced, too radical for any large section of the House. With the instinct of up- right minds they prefer the existing Ministry with its honest moderation, to the hollow hexter ing policy of some gentlemen, who hang their heads and shoulders out for sale, while they leave their hind quarters with their nominal friends. We see no chance of a settled Government to replace the present Ministry. Were it possible to find one, respectable in its elements, having anything like harmony of opinion, possessing a fair amount of experience, and a consistent character, we are quite sure it would find no obstacle in the tenacity of office in the present Ministers. To all of these it is a burden, and to most of them of no pecuniary value. That however which makes office less desirable to them, renders it far more important that we should retain them, at least until we can find men equally intelligent and independent. Where are such men to be found having a sufficient following to preserve a government from diurnal defeat ? Mr. Byrnes is brought forward by persons who have gained immortality as the Bunch whose last exploit was a descent on Parramatta ! It is a movement by a society organised a few months ago to exercise the patronage of seats. Mr. Reid no doubt a very respectable gentleman derives a special authority as the secretary. It may happen that the people of Cumber- land wish to have this assistance; that they may be charmed by the patronage ! We hope, however, the electors of this colony will resist the meddling of Clubs who wish to hold the electors in hand, and drive them to the poll, and then, when a candidate is successful, who give him to understand that he owes his seat not to his own merit, nor to the electors, but to the association and its dictator. A seat in our Parliament costs some "liberals" more than in the old borough times. Talk of bringing in candidates free of expense ; what a satire it is ! "I could a tale unfold," said the Ghost with a promissory note in his hand. | I F We shall be glad to see Mr. Byrnes a member of the next Assembly. The present cannot last long in any case not more than a year certainly. Probably with a great increase of numbers we may have more difficulty in finding candidates than seats; but since the present election includes the fate of the present Ministry ; since a vote cannot be diverted without precipitating an inevitable appeal to the colony at large, we hope the county of Cumberland will be true to its own cause, and send a member to the House who shall vote with and not against the other representatives, whose talents and principles, have done their constituents so much honour. 