I í&út tug. THE proposition of Mr O'Connor to give i - creased areas to companies introducing ma- chinery, has been accepted in principle by the Local Court, and ¡that gentleman has yet to develppehis scheme in detail. The proposal must'be regarded as another step in the right direction, and as aa especial hoon for thepoor miner. An extension of claim as an equiv» !ent ¿br the vaine of raitrihttrary employed placea tbarpoorest party on the gmd-nelc Dearly inion.» level with the aiohest jn BO fia as the WtaitàngîÂ the machinery göcs* ant they' simply have the inevitable infadoritj which accompanies the absence of capital ol (heir own-that is, they cannot use «bat thej havWpot : ann, therefore, cannot reap thc advantage of Hist rise. But tins scheme ol Mr^jO'Connor's, at the same time, afford* another argument against that " scalei of en lflrgetnentof<daixns jost introduced to the co url for ita adoption, and upon which eight of thc nine, members are equally divided-Mi Frazer being the man. with the casting vote. We are of opinion. that that gentleman, whom we believe to be seriously interested in the welfare of his constituents, will not hastily throw his deriding vote into the scale at tins juncture. If we are right in our argument in opposition to Mr O'Connor's extent of en- largement of chums, a very disagreeably large proportion of the miners would go to the wall while his scheme was " promoting pros- pecting." To refer again to the tale of the man and his horse, while the miners were getting rich enough by Mr O'Connor's large claims to go a prospecting, lots of them would be giving up the ghost, in a pecuniary sense. But supposing Mr O'Connor's scale adopted, his plan of giving sleeping areas, so to speak, to capital in the form of machinery, would only aggavate the evil we anticipate, inas- much aa it would he adding still more to the extension he proposes. While therefore we hail it as a boon to the poor man, and as an enlightened step in our mining legislation, the proposed'encouragement of the use of machi- nery, we cannot but regard it as another rea- son why we should deprecate the adoption of so large an increase of all classes of claims as that proposed by Mr O'Connor, and now waiting the deciding vote of his colleague, Mr Frazer. The Buninyong miners have got some good notions in their heads about mining affairs, from which the men of the district may learn something worth notice. Their proposed plan of doing away with the frontage system where the sinking is under one hundred feet and not accompanied by great difficulties, is not altogether unworthy consideration. Such a depth is but a shallow one, to Ballarat men especially, and if the miners were asked their opinion or wish, we fancy they would prefer i the risk of putting down a duffer or two at that depth, to the delay and bother attendant upon the frontage system The proposal to make the Local Court the custodian of all lead documents and books is a good one ; so isthat of publishing quarterly statements of accounts by the several leads. The proposition to limit the pay of the members to £1 per diem when sitting, would be a limit our Court here would not object to, we believe, especially if the members were guaranteed that amount. At present we are of opinion they do not get, even at Ballarat, as much as that proposed to be given by the Buninyong people. Their propositions in reference to survey matters would be very well upon the supposition that the present syBtem were to continue ; but I that cannot be, and so we will not dwell upon them. The cry for additional Wardens which has been made in some quarters, we cannot but [ regard as altogether uncalled for. As a piece i of satire upon the dilletante staff we have at present upon the Camp, with herc and there j an exception, the cry is a capital one, and we would re-echo it far and wide. But we prefer to ; bc plain and serious, and so we 6ay, the sooner I we get rid of the system we now hare, and get [ the management of our own affairs, more ; directly under our own control, the better for everybody. The Golden Point miners hiving got rid of their surveyor and secretary, are now fulling out among themselves, by way of change ; but w<3 hope the differences will speedily be healed. The accusations made against the Waterloo company by the Clarendon company, with re- spect to the'refusal of thc former to allow a Clarendon man down with the surveyor, have been denied by Mr O'Connor, on the part of the Waterloo party. Were the denial not an honest ono, no language would be too strong which should denounce the dishonorable behavior alleged. To be honest, however, ourselves, we must say, after hearing the senti- ra t nts uttered by some of the speakers at the celebrated monster meeting on the day of the reefers' shaft disturbance, we see nothing in the alleged conduct of the Waterloo men to surprise us. It is never- theless to be desired that every honorable man among the miners-and there are many such- should frown upon the unprincipled sentiments and dishonest practices which too many among the miners indulge in while plying their vocation. Surely the law is liberal, and is getting more so ; and to try and evade it, ot to put obstacles in the way of others while prosecuting their legitimate undertakings, is at once mean in itself, and detrimental to the interests of all. MALAKOFF.-This lead is now going ahead right vigorously. The Great Bri- tain Company have got their heavy body of water a little under, and the works conse- quently are progressing more rapidly. The two next companies have now also got up steam machinery, and beyond these a com- pany are preparing for the reception of an iron helper. The line, with its engines thus puffing away, looks like business, and some results in the shape of proving of the ground may now be looked for as not very far off. j* IGHTINGALE.-Aiiüitionai steam machi- nery is also being got for this line. Besides the prospect party's engine, two others are being procured, and expected shortly we hear. Report speaks well of the character of the ground he-re. The prospectors contrive to keep matters pretty dark, but secrets sometimes will ooze out ; and we hear that they are making it pay pretty well. The whim party above are washing away as the stuff comes up, aid the show is not bad. In fact we may say the appearance of things on this line is exceedingly encouraging, and the miners there are in great hopes of making it pay handsomely. WHITE FLAT.-The company have been shaping for the erectiou of another engine on their grant, and they propose, we believe, to get two more puddling machines into opera- tion. The works are being conducted briskly, but not with any noticeable difference in the luck. Thc ground is paying, and that is about all that can safely be said about it. Below the company's ground there are a considerable number of rainers engaged, but the ground is scarcely as crowded now as it was a short lime ago. GRAVEL PITS.-There is nothing ol special import to publish respecting this ground. The engine and other claims on the camp side of the road are still working and washing, and throwing up mountainous heaps of mullock The Little Engiue partj are making a great demonstration in this way. The Constitution party are about tc get up an engine, in order to cope mon effectually with their opponents in the race for the deep ground. There is no reliabh news of the gutter ahead of this claim yet. WA BREN'S LEAS. -. This place, in th« Smythe's Creek district, is giving signs o being likely to rank among our best paying leads ; we are informed that in claims 3 ant 4\. the gutter was hit on yesterday, and tha the prospect was of a very satisfactory cha racter; the depth of the sinking is nov somewhere about eighty feet. 