A GHOST AT WOLLOMBI. ! We find the following in the Maitland Mercury ol yesterday: A rather incredible tale has been narrated by several persons from Wollombi, whilst in Maitland during the assizes. The statement has been corroborated so far that the woman who says she has been favoured with a visit from a denizen of another world is known to reside on the Quarrybolong estate, and in the cottage which is referred to. The story runs thus :-A woman named Laskett, shortly after her arrival in the country, some three years since, went and took up her abode in a hut on the Quarrybolong estate, the property, we believe, of Mr. Close. Frequently Mrs. Laskett imagined that she saw a something which she could not describe, appa rently playing at hide and seek behind the trees, and then around the hut, but having no belief in ghosts she put it down as an optical delusion. Within the last six months, however, this mysterious something assumed a more natural form. At first it appeared like a bundle of woman's clothes, suspended in the air, and used to delight in hovering over a water-hole in the creek, a little distance from Mrs. Laskett's hut ; but the momen- tary fear and trepidation which was occasioned by this apparition having subsided, nothing more was thought of it. At last, the woman's clothes, when next seen, were on an apparently aged female; her face was pale and wan, and miserable to look upon. Lifting up one of her hands she beckoned Mrs. Laskett to follow her ; but flesh and blood could not stand the fright, and the poor woman had fainted. Night after night this ghostly visitor appeared, but fright prevented Mrs. Laskett from obeying her injunc- tion. At length she determined upon the next visit to muster up courage enough to address the ghost, and ask her why she continued to haunt her. The next night came and at the usual hour the ghost appeared, looking a shade more miserable than on previous occasions. Mus- tering up courage. Mrs. Laskett said " Who are you?" The ghost then told her that her name was ___?, and that many years ago she resided in that hut, that whilst, there she had been foully murdered by----, and beckon- ing with her hand, she said, "Follow me, and I will show you where I lie buried." Mrs, Laskett followed, and was taken down to this waterhole over which she had so often seen the strange sights. The ghost was silent until arriving at the hole, when turning round she said, " My body is there," and dis- appeared. Since then Mrs. Laskett had not been troubled with her visitor. Not knowing what to think of this apparition and discovery, she decided upon asking the advice of her neighbours. The story created some excitement, and this excitement was in- creased when, upon searching the record of the Wollombi police court it wasdiscovered that a woman named ------- had resided in that hut, and that she had disappeared in a most mysterious manner. A private inquiry, we are told was held, and Mrs. Laskett was questioned and cross-questioned, but her story was in no way shaken. They were unable, however to test its truth, by searching for the supposed body in the water hole, in consequence of the quantity of water at present in it, but intend, we believe, doing so when it subsides. We are also told that the person who was named as the murderer is still residing in the district. What makes this strange story "more wondrous strange," is the fact of Mrs. Laskett being only a new hand in the colony, and therefore unacquainted with either the names of the former occupants of her house or with the circumstances of the mysterious disappearance of an aged woman. 