WARIALDA. Among tbo many pleasing visions that float through the brain of man, doubtless, among tho most seductive, are thoso inspired by the pos- session of lund. The hired laborer is more especially liable to their indulgence than others. Knowning best the stern truths, that his bread is enrnea by tho sweat of his brow, and that any profits accruing from his labor aro imme- diately hurried into his employer's pocket, he is apt, if he bo a man of ordinary intelligence, to pondor on those things and to grow dissatis- fied with his lot. Ho is oven apt in his angry scorn at his servitude, and his desire for inde- pendence, witli a homestead of his own, to dwell upon the delight and forget the attendant caros. Nor is be so much to blamo for this forgotfulness. The anxious desiro for freedom shown by mon of this stamp, betokens an energy of will, whioh under favourable circumstances, may lead to grandest results. It is of this stuff that nature's nobility are made. These are the incipient Legislators, Moralists, l'hilosophors, the future Lord Chancellors, the renowned Generals, mon, whose names and deeds shall go down to furthest posterity. Tho world's favo- rites aro too apt to smile at hetniB of intelli- gence when displayed by thoso wearing the mechanics' garb, whose hands are horny with toil, little dreaming that treasures are often hidden in thoso breasts, whioh if brought to light might rogonerato sooioty and nenofit mankind. The thought« to which I have now given utterance were forced upon mo by tho nuraorous attendunoo of tho working class at our last land sale (3rd instant), and the spirited manner in which they entered into competition for their rauoh coveted boon. Long pricos vrero givon for comparatively inferior ground ; show- ing a most decisivo contradiction to the state- ments put forth by tho Herald, that oven if land were offered for salo at a cheap rate, tho working class would be too apathetic to buy, or thateven supposingthatcontingonoy possiblo the capitalist would step in'and soouro the lion's share. All humbug, gentlemen, for even sup. posing a capitalist to Eave the will he could not command tho money. Tho lowostprico, per acre, given for suburban lots at this salo was £3 10s., and the highest, £8. Tho lowest price Eor acre given for town lots was £8, and tho ¡ghost £14 10s. (This of course does not in- clude the oxponse of deed feos.) These aro figures and foots, not mere empty declamation. As for the assertion that mon of wealth would buy up the superior ground and frontngo to water, and leave the inferior, this, also, is humbug. If they do not believe it at present, they will find out the hollowness of their words at some future timo. Tho population of this colony aro sufficiently nomadic in their habits to be as well and often bettor acquainted with the runs of Australia, than those gentlemen, who talk so loudly and do BO little. Í will von turo to assort that there is not a stockholder betwixt this place and Moreton Bay, who could afford to buy twelve miles of ground (and that is only a small run) at tho prices I have quoted. Wealth ÍB all very well in its way, and in tho manner that society is at present constituted, may often prove the source of inestimable bene- fits, although at the gamo time» ¡U posiewors I should not deem thomsolres of too much im- portance in tho social sphere, nor provoke hosti- lities, by making assertions which »ill not bear anal) tis, or their arguments may meet with re- futation, in a qunrter, they leant oxpect, for "though a rich man may be wiso in his own conceit, yet, tho poor man in bis knowledge, shall soaroh him out." Warialda, December 11th, 1857. At tho sale «Moll took plaoe, as above stated, on Thursday, 3rd December, there wore sixteen suburban and twenty town lots put up for salo by public auction, at the Polioe Office, Warialda' 1'ho suburban lou were situated in the parish of Dingera, and tho town lota in the township ofBingora. Tho town allotments, comprising lots 17 to 80, consisting of 2 roods each, realised £100 18s. 6(1. ; and the Ruburban lots comprising lots 1 to 16, \arying in sino from 2 rootlB 24 porches, to 6 ticros *3 roods 1C porches, roahsed £246 19s. 6d. Total, £346 18s. 