. - MZEKXIflTO. ?.-'.. . These raoo3, which may bo considerod as tho wind-up of . tho .' crack ovonts '. commenced according to nr rangomont on Wodnosday last, and as far as tho first . day was concerned, proved remarkably successful. Tho woathor in tho morning was all that could be donired, »nd though in tho afternoon a slight shower did full, it was not sufficient, to- interfere at all with tho sport Tho oourso whioh is by far tho boBt in the colony, bar Ting nono, uow lor w quality ami condition 01 tho turf, nnd its picturesque npnoaranco; is situated about throo miles and a half from Maryborough, and about half .,» milo from,Ciirisbrook, on tho Tnllnroop Crook, and tho funds were considerably incrcasod from tho fact of its fceing' fenced in.' Upwards of a thousand' persons wero prcaont, and onjoying onoiiolf scenic:! to bo tho maxim with ov,orybody ;- no untoward events occurred, ?avo a slight spill which tho jookoy who wai to havo ridden Canozou got just boforo tho start for tho Maiden . Plato ; ho was soon up though, and no ghost had to como from tho grave to dotormino tho causo of tho disaster. Tho straight rnnniughad not boon roped in, to the great ineonvonionco of thoolsrkof tho courje, and Eonionn noyanoowas folt from tho weighing yard koins in too ?loso proximity with tho bar of the grand stauil. Tho requirements in the uobblor lino woro woll lookod after, no fowor than nino .booths boing orootod , to oatbfy tho insatiablo thirat of tho admirora of tho sport. Bsside] tho ' (jrand' stand whioh w»3 erected by tho proprietor of tho Victorian Hotel, Maryborough, nnothor had bson riggod up over tho Washington, nnd scopisd to sharo with tho former tho pntronago of tho public. Botwesn tho heatsn brass band enlivened tho day, and what with ' forty in tho bull's oyo,' ' skittles,' and ' ringing the fcnifo, all went off Bwimmingly. A small body of polico was on the oourao, under tho command of Mr. Inspector Furnoll, but thoir solo duty wa3 to attend to tho dogs who mustered iu'strong forco. All tho arrnngomouts for the conduct of tho raooa had boon matured, nnd wore carriod oat in originally in tonded.Mr. II. N, Simsonwns 'nil there', nstltosta tor, and Dr. Girdloatono 03 judgo, and tho sovcral stewards performed thoir dillicult task to tho satisfaction of all prcaont. Tho ontric3 woro mado at Mor fan's Hotol, Carisbrook, on tho 23rd, and on tho 5th, tho woigbts for tho Tallaroop Cup, tho first ovent of tho second day, wero declared. I?or tho Maidon Plato, Dovillo wa3 tho favourito, and '- iho result proved that ho was worthy of his reputation, winning both tho second and third heats as lie pleased. Canozou took tho first heat, and ran well for tho noooml, but about half-way up tho straight running, mada n ?light Bwervo, by which ho lost a couplo of strides. Cyrus lookod well, but had not the speed. Tho great evont of tho day, howevor, woa tho raoo for the Cjuntr Stakes, when Flying Doo added anothor to hor long liit of triumphs. Sho lookod a porfoct picturo, ami wa* woll ridden by Richards. Everything wa3 remarkably ?low in tho betting way ; but notwithstanding, sho was Jrooly taken against tho fiold at Bomothing likj 73~to 1. Tho votoran Joinnetto again made her appcaranco, but herownor sUtod after tho race, for tlio liub timo. Sho was ro3orvod for tho second lioat, for which oho ctmo in locond, and ou pulling up was doad lamo. Hayes niado a splendid race at tho finish, losing by scarcely a couplo of lengths, although tho inare carried twenty-nine pounds moro than tho wmnor. In tho first holt Malviua camo in second; sho won her first raco at tho Avoca, at tho beginning of last month, carrying off tho Miiden Plato ; and on tho third day of tho same mooting t'.io Stc/plo ohoso Stakes. In tho second hoat sho was scratched, boing ontorcd for tho Stooplccha3O tho followiu.; day; TValkovor, Hurrioano,' and Magic likowiso woro cntored, anu atavtcu, but w uncover apparoniiy is no; inoro.in a flat raco. HuiTicano was drawn for tho sscond licit, and Magio was reserved to win tho noxt day. Them boing but two ontries for tho Ltidies' Purse ; vix. :— llr. Jno. Sovior's Frooholdor and Mr. Thos. Cox's Modasty, that raco was withdrawn. Faugh-a- Ballagh was tho winnor of (ho Haok Raoo, and tho Hurry Sourry fell to tho lot of Mr. ICerss' Shamrock. Maide.v 1'liATE of' 50 sovs, for all horsos that novor won nii ndvortiscd prizo; weights, 2 year-olds, a feather; 3years, 8st; 4yoarn,0Bt; 5 yoiw, 10 jl; 0 and aged, 10 st 1 lbs. Ono mi!o hc:it.i. Two guineas Mr1DLang'8°b (? Dcvllle, nged .. .. (MIWii-H) 3 11 irr.'I-awronco'sbf Cituczou, 3 yenra ,. (llklmrUs) ' 1 2 a Mr. Ulnko's !-1 g Cyrus; a?od: .. .. (Stalonuy) 2 a 3 Mr. Abbott's b m Kiss-me-quick, aged .. .. dr. First hoat : Cyrus jumped off with tho lead nnd kopt it to within a hundred yards of homo, whon Oauozou, who had boon in close attcmlanco throughout, wont to tho front, winninf! by a couplo of lengths ; Mel villo saving his distance Timo, 2 min. lisecs. . Socond hoat : Devillo was tho first to show in od ?vanco, followed by Cauozou, CyniB last ; tho hay horso hold tho lead to tho finish, winning oasily by about fivo longtlu. Cyrus maty a push at tho half-mile and noarly ?ollarcd Oanezou, but Boon full off again. Timo, 2 min. Jsocs. :. ' ? ? : . Third heat: Cyrus again took tho load at tho start ? , with Canczou on his nimrtor, Melvillo about a oouplo ; of longths behind. This position was leapt uitil past tho haif-mUo, when all throo woro togotlior. At tlio oornorcb.ning into tho straight running, Malvillo gra dually gained position, whilst Cyrus wont to tho roar, tho bay horso boiug landod an oasy winner by sovonxl ? lengths. County Stakes of 100 soya, for all Iioree3 j two-nulo ' hoatBj weights for age, as in Maidon Plato. Bn 1 trance, bcvoii guinea?. . Mr. H. N. Slmsou's bl f Flying Doo, Jst Ull-. carrlwl nst .. ? (Ulcliinlm 1 1 Mr. Godfrey's b m MoMna lost lib .. (Malonoy) 2 «!r . Mr. TolllfBliijTrHrrli'imp. »st 111b .. (Wnlduek) 3ilr Mr. Harper's B m.Ti'aunetU, lOst llli .. (Hitycs) 6 2 Mr. Ablmtt's b g Walkover, lOKt lib .. (AVjjU) o u Mr, Liiug'B bl b Mirjle, 8»t lllbs, carried on Ribs (r.ann) 0 0 At tho start, Hurricano was tho first to show in ad Tanco, followed liy Magio and Flying Doo, Milrin* noxt, 'Walltovor aud'.Toannotto bringing up tho roar. P.i'wing tho stand, ilnjjio bad oh.illongod Hurricano, and tho 'Doo hud yielded plaoo to Mslviim. Liu? kaal t!n lo^d ?until oppoaito tho Btand, closely followod liy Hiirria.iuj, . when Flyinir Doo oropt \ip and went to tho front, Magix oontantiiu himsolf wiMi fourth placo,. and Malviu-i passing Hurricane, ran socond. Half a mils from homo flying Doo, Sl.ilvina aud Hurricano, woro togoUior, but tno uny gradually gaineu pomuuu, iviniiii# ij.urir.-4iuu lt-m off— tho threo- yuavohl wiuning by scarceiy two loujjths, Hurricauo a uood tliir.l, Joannotto, Walkovor, and Maqio saving thoir dlstanco. Time, a min. fir- noes. . Socond Host : M.;lvina andllurricano v/oro sora'olud. ?'Walkovor wbntoff witli tho 16a;l, followel by Flylns Doo, Joannotto anil Magio attending. Thh position win ,. kopt for tho llrat half-milo, oxcopt that tho Hooyialdod 'to Joannotto : and jiist put tho stand tho oil niarn w.n -leading ; at tlio «acond turn, tho filly had pi us.l . Wai!: over,. nnd opixisito tho winning post hail again ablamqi tho load. .. Maiflo thon ohallonged Wnlkovor, biityiollod plaoo again jiisbbeforo tho turn into tho straight vu'Jirnj. A. splondid raoo followed botwocn Flyinj Doo and Jdanhetto froiu tho disUthoo po^t, whioh rjju'.sod in.U' \iotory for tho forinor, tho filly winning by hanlly two longth.s, and on pulling up .[oaunottu wont do.vl hmo. Timo, 3 min. 62 aeo. ?? Hack Hack, a owobp^tako of ona guinoa oach, with tin ? , guineas from tlio fund, for all hue!:.) ; catch weights ; oua and a half milo3. Tha winner to bo sold for 1-10, .. tho balanco to go to tho fund. Mr. WttMoolc's b k I'augli-ii-Ballngh ' .. (ITwulemon) 1 Mr. T,ayiiock's III K ltluo Kuln ,. ., (Miilonty) a Mr. Itny's b g llultuin-lu-pnrro ..* .. .. .. 0 ' Mr. Uodd's oil in Juiy .... ..... '?'?...- .. .. f ' Bluo Ruin wont off with tho load, Judy nitonuing; followod by Stultuin-in-p.wvo, h'.m h-n-BiFlitgh' loiin-j aororal loncths at tho utart. Past tho lirttturn tho olic3irat maro vrns; loading, but opposite tho grand atanl ' Toaignod the nroiuiorahip in fi\Y»«i' of Jlluo Kuin. Faugh-a-Ballagl'i, whohauboonhola-in up to thls.tiuio, now lot out, and soon paiaoil Multum-iii-|).irvo .v» ' Jiidy, but found Bluo Ruin nut quito soroivdy to yiold . to huii.. Tho two ran uook-mid-ncok to .Iho lmk turn, whon tho Irishman not a-uoad, nud tamo in a v.'iuuur l.y 5 littlo moro than a length. ? s . ? .?? .,*. HunnY Sounny.of Bsovs, added toaswoapstakvpf] sov j milo and ahalf; onoovent. . ? ' ' '-'? Mr. KcraiVoli g Shararook . , i . . . . (I Iun-ler«aa) 1 Boatiug Young Cniuol,' Tattla Dorritj and Kobbler.1 :;? 