' THK GULF STREAM IN THE ATLANTIC. The general description of the Quit' Stream, apart from any present question as to its sources is, that of' a vast and rapid ccean currcnt, issuing from the basin of the Mexican Gulf mid Carriliinn Sea,doubliug the southern cape pf Florida; pressing lorwaids to the north-east, in a 'lino almost parràllel to the American coast j touching on tho southern borders of the Grand B inks of Newfoundland and at some seasons partially passing over them ; thence, with increasing width and dif- fusion, travel sing the whole breadth of the Atlantic, with a central direction towards tlu British Islet, ; and finally losing itse'f by still wider diffusion in the Bay of Biscay, on oui own shores and upon the long line of the Nor- wegian coasts. Its identity in physical char- acters is preserved throughout vhe many thousand iqiles of its continuous flow-the only change undergone is lltat bf degree. As its waters gradually commirg'e with those o the surrounding sea their deup blue tint de- clines, their high température diminishes, and the speed with which they press f arward alates. But taking the slicam in its total course, it well warrants the vivid description and the name bestowed upon it hy a modern author, qf a {'river, in the beean,'' This epithet (bringing to memory the " rhoe Oceanolo " of Homet) is, in truth, singularly appropriate to this vast current so constant and continu- ous in its course, and so strangely detached from the great mass of ocean waters, which, while seemingly cleft ^sunder to give path to ils first impulse, are yet ever presking upon it gradually imparing its foyce and destroying its individuality, The «ia,r/»»«»> of velocity, where the stream quits its nat row ohannel ol Bimirti, which compresses its egress from the gulf, is about four miles an hour. Off Cape Hatteras, in North Carolina, where it^ has gained a' breadth of seventy:fivc miles the velocity is reduced to* three miles. On the parallel of the Newfoundland b»nks il¿ is fur- ther reduced to a mllp and halfim !10U1\ *«"' I this gradua} aVatemcnt of joyce is continued I across the Atlantic The température of the current undergoes similar chang..». The h'-ghost observed is about 85 degrees Fahrenheit. Between Cape Hatteras and Newfoundland, though lessened in flwowt;. the warmth ol the stream in winter is still 25 degrees or 30 degrees above that of the ocean through which it Hows. Nor is the heat wholly lost when it reaches, and is spread over, the coasts ol' Nor- thern Europe, Tho watery thus constantly flowing- $o us from, the tropical regions, bring warmth as well as abundant moisture to our own Islands, and Ireland especially, upon which they more directly impinge, doubtless derives much of its peculiarity ol' climate, its moisture, verdure, and abundant vegetation from this source. Were it needful tg seek proof qf the peçmappncc. pf the great natural phenomenon of which *we ar^e speaking, we might find it in those curious passages of geo- graphers-Pomponiaus Mela and ¿T. SoUtius Polyhistor, for example-which, dsgeiibes the peculiarities of the Irish soil and clinu'e eighteen centuries ago, almost as wo should depict them now. But the influence of the Gulf Stream does not stop even here. The climate it may be said to convey is diffused, more or less, over the whole Norwegian coast, the aspects and produce of winch singularly contract with those of the corresponding' lati- tudes in North America, Greenlanq, and Siberia. Other causes doubtless, contribute to thjs. effect, bqt none, we apprehend, so largely or unceasingly. The influence of the temperature of the Gulf Stream upon animal life in the ocean is very curious. The whale so sedulously shuns its warm waters as almost to |mdi««tv ib-sif twfc bjr |N *Vf?rWj "Hil* yet abundantly found on each side of it. Tho physical reasons are doubtless the sanie which prevent this great marino mammal from ever crossing the equator from one hemisphere to tho other-a fact now well asccrtuned. The various species of fish which aro firm and of excellent fl ivor in the colder belt of the sea upon tho American coast, loso all their bad qua'ities when taken out of the Gulf Stream running closely parallel to it. On the other hand, tlie moro delicate marine productions, whether animator vegetable, which multiply and prosper by warmth, ure redundant in the .Gulf Stream, even after it has quitted its tro- pical regions whence its heat is derived. The fnod is matured for the whale-field of the Azores, whew this huge denizen of the .-eas flouii- ihcs iu colder waters amid the abundance so provided.-Edinburgh Be view. 