Local Intelligence. \------<>------ ACCIDENTAL DEATH OF BULLOCK DRIVER. — On Sunday morning last, a man named Richard Cartwright, a bullock driver, in the employment of Mr. Brassell, of the Murrumbidgee, met in- stantaneous death, by the wheel of his dray passing over his head. The following particulars of the unfortunate accident were elicited at the inquest, which was held before the District Coroner, on Sunday afternoon, at Mr. Colls's, Commercial Inn : — William Grovenor, deposed : I am in the employ of Mr. Brassell, of the Mur- rumbidgee ; the deceased was also in Mr. Bras- sell's employment, as bullock driver ; deceased and I came into Yass on Saturday with a load of wheat, which we sold to Mr. Simpson, of the Yass Mills; we then went to the Commercial Inn, where we stayed all night ; this (Sunday) morn- ing deceased yoked up the bullocks, and we started for home ; I got on the dray and sat down ; deceased drove the bullocks a short dis- tance out of town, and then jumped upon the pole of the dray ; I said to deceased, " that was a dangerous place to sit ;" and he said " he was ac- customed to drive on the pole of the dray ;" after going some short way, the wheel of the dray passed over a rock, and deceased was thrown backwards off the dray, the wheel of which passed over his head ; I saw blood on the ground where deceased was lying ; I saw two young men on horseback a short distance from where I then was, and I called to them, and asked them to ride into Yass, and tell Mr. Colls what had happened ; : Mr. Colls and a constable shortly afterwards came to the place; we then removed the body to Mr. Colls' house ; deceased's name was Richard Cartwright, but I knew him by that of " Brumby." — Dr. Campbell deposed: I have made a post mortem examination, of deceased, and found a scalp wound on the right side of the head, the lower jaw broken on each side of the chin ; the body of the second vertebræ was also fractured ; deceased's death was caused by the fracture of the second cervical vertebræ ; the fracture must have been caused by some great violence ; the wheel of a dray would cause such an injury ; death must have been instantaneous. — The jury returned a verdict of Accidental Death. The Catholic College. — The honorary secre taries have acknowledged receipt of the following amongst other sums, being subscriptions received on behalf of St. John's Catholic College: — Yass4 £164 Is. 6d. ; Tumut, £113 10s.; Gundagai, £02 5s. ; Binalong, £249 2s. ; Albury, £100 ; Burrowa,£62; Jugiong, £39; Goulburn, £515 9s., and Berrima, £247 8s. The total sum received by the office-bearers for the purpose above stated, amounts to £15,377 4s. 6d. Amongst the larger contributors we notice the following :— Rev. Mr. McAlroy, Yasfs, £50; Rev. Mr. Bermingham, 'ditto, £50; Dr. Blake, ditto, £10 ; Mr. Owen Hilly, ditto, £5 ; Edward Ryan, Esq., Binalong, £200; Mr. Miles Murphy, ditto, £25; Mr. Patrick Ryan, ditto, £10 10s. ; Mr. James Garry, ditto, £10 10s. ; Mr. John Shechan, Jugiong, £20 ; Mr. Timothy O'Mara, Tumut, £20 ; Mr. Michael Norton, Gundagai, £5 ; Mr. Joseph Morley, ditto, £5 ; Mr. Michael Doyle, ditto, £20 ; Rev. Mr. Twomey, Albury, £100 ; Rev. Mr. Ala- gennis, Berrima, £100 ; &c.; Race Horses. — We understand that Mr. Her bert, of Queanbeyan, has purchased the race horses 44 Planet" and 44 Teddington." Bland's Plains — Tenders have been called for for the conveyance of the Post Office Mails to and from Marengo and Morangarell, Bland's Plains, once a week, from the 1st of January, for one year. Tenders to be forwarded by November 4th. The Electric Telegraph. — For 6ome weeks past rumours have been current in Yass, that the contractor for the erection of the telegraphic wires between the metropolis and Albury, had aban doned the work, having discovered that he had tendered for it at a figure that would not have pro vided the necessary number of posts, much less the wire, labour, &c.; It is asserted that the con tractor had not even taken the necessary precau tion of travelling over the road, and that he ten dered for the work on the supposition that trees suitable for the necessary posts — which are re quired to be some twenty-three feet long— could bo obtained on any part of the line for the mere felling and dressing. After commencing the work, however, he discovered that, in very many parts of " the proposed route, suitable timber could not be secured, unless at a distance of a dozen miles or more, and, consequently, that it was less costly to discontinue the work and sacrifice the amount of his surety. Whether these rumours are generally accurate it is impossible, at present, to say ; but from the following notice issued from the Department of Land and Public Works, it will be seen that the contract has been cancelled: — 44 Notice is hereby given, that in consequence of the unnecessary delay in proceeding with the erection of the electric telegraph from Liverpool to a point on the Victoria side of the River Mur ray, opposite to the town of Albury, the Govern ment did, on the 12th day of October instant, in exercise of the power therein reserved, determine the contract entered into with John Hall, therein described as of Ferrers-street, Emerald Hill, near Melbourne, in the Colony of Victoria, for the performance of the works therein contracted to be done by him." The Victorians appear to have been much more fortunate in a similar un dertaking on the other side of the Murray River. We notice that tenders have been requested for the erection of a telegraphic station at Beech worth ; that the wires have been already laid till within a few miles of Wangaratta, and that the addi tional wire necessary for the completion of the telegraph to Beechworth is on the spot. The pro bability L, therefore, that the Victorians will have completed their portion of the line at least several months before the work on this side is in such a state as to permit uninterrupted communi- action between the metropolis of either colony. Ghost seen in Yass. — A little 44 furore " was created in town on Wednesday evening, by an assertion that one of the most energetic of our constabulary had seen the apparition of one of our lately departed neighbours, who had come rather late to give evidence at the inquest held over his own remains. After having appeared to one or two of his former friends, he crossed the path of the worthy constable, who, remembering a hoax of a similar nature which had been played upon him some twelve months ago, and on which occasion he was laughed at for having taken to his heels and bolted, with a degree of courage that would be creditable to a Crimean dragoon, imme diately gave chase, exclaiming in the most Sten torian voice his excited state would admit of— 44 Be you man or woman, ghost or devil, begone, or I'll put you in the lock-up ! " But the represen tative of neither "flesh, blood, nor bones" was too good a judge to he caught in such a 44 trap," so the moment after the hero of the P.F. threaten ed the terrors of the law, it, like Hamlet's father's ghost, vanished out of view! It's dauntless pur suer stood bewildered for some seconds ; but all his subsequent attempts to penetrate the mystery attached to his strange visitant have proved un successful. One or two other persons assert that they saw the apparition, in the same locality, at a later hour in the evening ; but whether the whole affair was a silly 44 lark" perpetrated by some unknown, or a mere fancy on the part of those who say they were witnesses, it is difficult to say. Extensive Seizure of Smuggled Gold-Dust. — In consequence of information having been given to the Collector of Customs, to the effect that a number of Chinamen, just returned from the gold-diggings, were about to leave the colony, without passing entries, and paying the duty on the gold in their possession, Colonel Gibbcs on Thursday evening directed the First Tide Sur veyor of the Customs, Mr. De Courcey Bremer, to board two vessels lying in port, and ready for sea ; the Etherial, which had cleared for Hongkong, and the Mary Nicholson, which, although not cleared, was known to be bound for the same port. Upon the Customs' boat boarding the first vessel, the Chinamen resisted the searching of their per sons. Assistance was immediately requested from H.M.S. Herald; and in a few minutes, an officer, in command of a party of seamen and marines, convinced the gold smugglers that re sistance was useless. There were about sixty Chinamen on board the Ethereal, and upwards of thirty on board tho Mary Nicholson ; and from them were taken 3240 ounces of gold dust, upon which no duty had been paid. It was accordingly seized, and lodged, for security in tho strong room of the Bank of Australasia. The diggers, who have been but seven months obtaining this largo amount of gold dust, defended their violation of the Act for Granting a Duty upon Gold upon the ground that very many of their countrymen had left Port Jackson during the present year with out paying duty on their earnings ; and they pleaded ignorance of a Gold Duty Act being in existence-. This defence must be taken for what it is worth. Since the passing of the Act in ques tion, a number of entries have been passed at the Customs by Chinese gold diggers ; and yesterday duties to some amount were paid by them. Many parcels of -gold dust have been sold at the Mint during the present year by Chinamen, who have paid the duty levied there. Tho amount of duty sought to be evaded by these meu was but £405. The real value of the gold dust seized will not be ascertained until it is assayed at the Sydney Branch of the Royal Mint. We may, however, observe that, cunning as the Chinese diggers are in some things, they are by no means equal to the European and American gold-diggers in working their claims. They, from sheer indolence, wash the refuse of the latter miners' yields, and the gold dust which they have offered for sale, either to the Mint or to private gold brokers hasVbeeu generally far below the standard fineness ; yct, supposing we take £3 12s. per ounce, as the medium value of the 3240 ounces of gold-dust seized on Thursday evening, the amount will be £11,664, and this, it is supposed, will bo far be low the mark. Now, if these men had sold their gold at the Mint, they would, upon paying the trifling fees fur assaying, and l also the Customs' duty, in all £500, have received what they would not be likely to have obtained from their country men at Hongkong — the real value ot their gold. — Sydney Morning Herald. Mr. Green and the Great Matcii. — It is not generally known that after the champion match between Veno and Alice Hawthorn, Mr. Anthony Green, the trainer of tho mare, entered a protest against Higgorson for crossing him in the race. Although the Melbourne sportsmen were most averse for going into the matter, at the urgent request of Air. ltowe they consented to do so, and Stephen Mahon,. the rider of Alice, was' brought in and the question put to him — 44 Did Higgerson at any time in the race cross you so as to interfere with your mare's chance? ' Mahon's answer was as honest as it was naive — 44 Never; gentlemen, ' said he, 44 in fact he had no occasion 10 cross me, for directly I got near h im he went right away from me." — Eva. 