THE MONSOONS AND THEIR CAUSES. In ' Maury's Physical Geography of the Sea'' ( edition of 1855), we find tho following observations on this subject : — ' Monsoons are, for the most part, formed of Irade-winds. 'Wheu a trade-wind is turned back, or diverted by over- heated districts from its regular conrse, at stated seasons of tho year, it is» Regarded as a monsoon. Thus the African monsoons of the Atlantic, the mon soons of the Gulf of Mexico, aud tho Central American monsoons of the PaciGc aro, for the most part, formed of the north-east trade winds, which are turned back to restore tho equilibrium which tho overheated plains of Africa, Utah, Texas, and New Mexico have disturbed. When tho monsoons prevail for five months at a time, for it takes about a month for them to change and become settled, then both they aud tho tradc- wiuds of which they are formed are called monsoons. ' The north-east aud the south-west mon soons of the Indian Ocean afford an example of this kind. A force is exerted upon the north-east trado winds of that sea, by the dis turbance which the heat of summer creates in the atmosphere over the interior plains of Asia, which is more than sufficient to neutralise the forces which causo those winds to blow as trade winds ; it turns thom back ; and were it not for the peculiar condition of tho land about that ocean, what are now called tho north-east monsoons would blow the year round ; there would be no south-west mon soon ; aud the north-east winds, beiug per petual, would become all tho year what iu reality for five months they are — viz., north east trade-winds. ' The agents which produce monsoons re side on the land. These winds are caused by the rarefaction of the air over large districts of country situated on the polar edge, or near the polar edge of tho trado winds. Thus the monsoons of the Indian Ocean are caused by the intense heat which the rays of a cloudless sun produce during the summer time upon tho desert of Oobi, and the burning plains of Cen tral Asia. When tho sun is north of the equa tor, the force of his rays, beating down upon these wide and thirsty plains, is such as to cause the vast superincumbent body of ait- to expand and ascend. There is, cousequeutly a rush of air, especially from toward the equator, to restore the equilibrium ; and in this case the force which tends to diaw the north-east trade winds back, becomes greater than tho force which is acting to propel them forward. Consequently they obey tho stronger power, turn back, and become the famous south-west monsoons of the Indian Ocean, which blow from May to September inclusive. ' Of course, tho vast plains of Asia aro not brought up to monsoon heat per saltum, or iu a day. They require time both to bo heated up to this point, and to be cooled dowu again. Hence there is a conflict for a few weeks about the change of tho monsoon, when neither the trade-wind nor the monsoon force has fairly lost or gained the asceudancy. This debateable period amounts to about a month at each change. So that the mon soons of the Iudiiiu Ocean prevail really for about five mouths each way — viz., from .May to September from the south-west, iu obe dience to the influonce of tho over-heated plains ; and from November to March in clusive, from the north-east, in obedience to the trade-wind force.' Labohareest OaAitE. — ' Whenco comts it, then, that we have so many complaints, each saying that his occupation is a hinderanceto him, while notwithstanding his work is of God, who hinders no man ? Whenco comes this inward reproof and sense of guilt which tor ment and disquiet you ? Dear children, kuow that it is not your work which gives you this disquiet. No, it is your want of order, in ful filling your work. If you performed your work in the right method, with a sole aim to God, and not to yourselves, your own likes and dislikes, and nuther feared nor loved aught but God, nor sought your osvn gain or pleasure, but only God's glory, in your work, it would be impossible that it should grieve your conscience. It is a shame for a spiritual man if he have not done his work properly, but so imperfectly that he has to be rebuked for it. For this is a sure sign that his works aro not dono in God, with a view to His glory and the good of his neighbor. You may know and bo known by this, whether your works are directed to God alone, aud whether you are in peace or not. Our Lord did not rebuke Martha on account of her works, for they were holy and good ; He reprorad hor on account of her anxiety. A man ought to busy himself in good and useful occupations, of whatever kind they may bo, casting his caro upon God, and labor silently and watch fully, keeping a rein upon himself, at d proving himself, so as to sift what it is that urges and impels him iu his work. Further, he must look within, and mark whether the Holy Spirit will have him to be active or ouiet : that he mav obey His godly leadings in each instance, and do and have uudone by the influence of tho Holy Spirit ; now restiqg, now working, but ever fulfilling his due task iu peace. And wherever you see tho aged, the s'ck, tho helpless, you should run to their assistance, and strive with each other in fulfilling works of love — each helping tho other to bear his burden. If thou dost not so, be sure that God will take thy work from thee, and give it to another who will do it aright, and will leave theo empty and bare at once of gifts and of merit. If, when at thy work, thou feel thy spirit stirred within thee, receive it with solemn joy, and thus learn to do thy work in God, instead of straightway fleeing from thy tusk. Thus should ye learn to exercise yourselves in virtue ; for ye must be exercised if ye are to come to God. Do not expect that God will pour virtue into you without your own effort. You should never trust in virtue that has uot yet been put into practice, nor believe that tlio Father, Son, aud Holy Ghost have entered into a man, unless the man hath given evidence thereof in his own labors, outward or inward. Ouee as a good man was standing threshing his corn, he fell into a trance ; and if an angel had not turned aside the flail, he would havo struck lnmseu witli it. JNow ye are all craving to be thus set free from your work ; and this comes, for the most part, from sloth ; each would fain be an eye, and give himself to con templation rather than to work. I know a man who has the closest walk with God of any I ever saw, and who has been all his life a husbandman, — for mere than forty years-, and is so still. This man once asked the Lord in prayer if he should give up his occupation and go into the church : and it was answered him, No ; he should labor, earning his bread by the sweat of his brow, to the glory of Christ's precious blood, shed for him.' — Taylor's Ser mons, 