CORNISH MINE PHOTOGRAPHS. BY GEORGE HENWOOD. " the chapel:' Nothing strikes strangers on their visit to the mining districts in the West of England more forcibly than the great number of dissenting, chapels. In every town several nreto be found of all '..denominations— rsave Unitarians .and Roman Catholics, few communicants of these UppoHq heinir residents. In everv villmre and hamlet, however remote, at least one or two of the various offshoots of Methodism are always to be seen ; even on the highways or common downs, where the roads converge from a few scattered cottages, there, although not a house is to be seen sometimes !for miles, is sure to be :a chapel of some sort, however humble, con sisting frequently of four mud walls and a litttle thatch, sometimes the rude work of the miners . and labourers themselves, and are chiefly of the Baptist or Metbodist denomina tions. A variety of causes have led to this ge neral practice of chapel building. The increase of population that has converted hamlets into villages, and villages into towns has, undoubt edly, been one cause. There can, however, be no doubt whatever a great deal has been owing to the laxity of the clergy before and at the time of "Wesley's journeying in these parts, which indeed became one of the principal scenes of his labours, and where, his name is still heldtin universal and profound respect. Even within the last 30 or 40 years the paro chial duties were disgracefully conducted, or altogether omitted (now happily completely reversed), particularly in the very districts where an'active ministry was most required. These were, nevertheless, far from being the whole of the reasons- — these were only two amongst the rest. In very many instances the church, in stead of being placed in the mid't of the parish is in some remote corner or out of the way place, as at M) lor, St. Just in Roseland, and many others. In some placesthe majority of the parishioners had to walk or ride four or five miles over a dreary moor or wild common; At Brent Tor, in Devon, the church is absolu tely perched on the apex of a mountain, a most picturesque, but a most impracticable situation, certainly. Such a journey, in so wet a climate as there prevails, often acted as a drawback to due attendance on divine service. Besides, the pews in the various churches were claimed, whether occupied or not, by tbe proprietors of certain, estates in the parishes who paid lythe, and it is not too much to say the spiritual wel fare of the mining population was entirely and crossly neglected: The agricultural labourers, on the contrary, were provided with a pew - or a seat by virtue of the farm tenure, and were duly expected by their employers to appear at church, once every Sunday at least, if service were performed. In many parishes, in which the livings were united in twos or even threes, the church pray ers' were never read at all in some of them. Though the church itself existed as a building there was literally no service, and no congrega tion as a matter of course, though there was a parson to be paid and souls to be saved. The strancer will be struck with the number and beauty of the towers and ecclesiastical struc tures of great antiquity to be found in these districts, showing the piety of the builders, and their evident preparation for, and anticipation of large congregations. To so great a neglect had the matters arri ved!! that to this day thereps a standing taunt in the parish of Morvah, in Penwit'n, where it is said a "cow ate the bell -rope," the church having fallen into such utter decay that the tower-door was gone and the bell-rope rotten. : A farmer of the parish dying, it was necessary io toll the bell at his funeral ; a hay-band being substituted for the rope, a hungry cow straying about wandered into the churchyard, and di&'i covered the dainty morsel ; in enjoying the re- past, she tolled the bell, to the no small dis may of the occupants of the adjacent public house (the only residence near), who attributed the awful midnight irregular clamour to a ghost or some unearthly visitor. The story is said to be perfectly true, and is very probable. At St. Ives the church had sunk into such disuse and neglect that the splendidly decorated stalls were actually destroyed, the beautifully carved oak roof white washed, and the carving oblite rated! The very foundation of the fabric itself endangered by the sale of vaults and graves ! whiist.divine service was only occasionaly per formed in a! population of upwards of 4000. In the parish of Stythmns, near Penryn, in which hundreds of miners and granite workers resid ed, service was only observed once in two or three weeks, and then at such hours as were very inconvenient to persons in humble life. Even where services were regularly performed, except in large towns, the clergymen, though undoubtedly sincere, and some of the best in- tentioned men, were, in many instances, ill- adapted for, and by nature physically incapable to fill so important an office as pastor of a large parish, whilst "the injudicious selection of parish clerks tended,, iu.no small degree, to render that which was already bad still worse, as instanced in the parishes of Budock and My- lor, near Falmouth; the officiating ministers in each of which were as devout, as sincere, and as zealous as could be desired; but from de fects in articulation were scarcely to be under stood, except by persons accustomed to their delivery, whilst the broad Cornish sing-song .nasal reading of the clerks, caused the sub lime to border on the ridiculous; We should by no meuns advert to these circumstances; but to show the utter neg'ect into which public re ligious duties had fallen at a time so recent as thirty or forty years ago. The natural, conse quences resulted — few or none of the working population visited any kind ofplace of worship, 'bit sought' some retired place — even close to the village and publicly— the men to wrestle or play at pitch and toss; and the boys to enjoy a game of . marbles, or other idle pursuit, in vvhich they were frequently joined by their el ders.'. No idea of neatness, cleanliness, or self- respect was cherished ; they were then literally " the unwashed ;" an amount of ignorance and superstition was prevalent which at this day is barely possible to be conceived.' / The clergy had- not, and sought not to have, any hold . on these people; they certainly were u rough and uncouth set of beings,; to reason with them on the sublime precepts ; andgentle teachings of the gospel would have been next to useless., Whitfield, Wesley, and their early zealous coadjutors, who so energetically appealed to their sympathies, and wrought on their fears' in their plain but eloquent discourses, 'were the very messengers for those totally neglec ted individuals. If the populatio'ns .wbuld not come - to ! them, ithey; despite every difficulty prejudice arid persecution, sought; outq and made- their - flocks, literally .carrying out-: the cbmmand t'o'"'goi into the highways- to' bid ! to the 'marriage' feast;'' 11 With the suddenness of magic tho good seed took root, and has verily grown -into a groat tree. Tho number, size, and handsome character of their conven ticles now bespeak a consequence and meaning 1 fat more important than Are apparent. to the mere casual observer.--' The services- therein Are .conducted by a regular body of (established preachers, and what are termed local preachers, many of -whom !are the captains or agents of ;the mines. Though some are certainty of du- ; bious ability for such .offices, yet there is a ner- vousness and sincerity of manner— -a mode of expression— quite necessary for the work; Their hours of worship, having earlier morn ing and later evening services, the much better 'situations and greater number of their chapels, have secured congregations far more numerous than those who attend the established church. This ancient institution must, at the present day, -be most decidedly and emphatically exo nerated from any charge of listlessness or want of exertion ; but how very different now is tlie class of pastors haying charge of these parishes, and how different the discipline to what they were when Wesleyanism and dissent reared their heads. The clergy are now distinguished for their attention, earnestness, and desire to cultivate the spiritual and temporal welfare of the people ; most admirable instances are to be found oi undoubted piety and fervid zeal. Few of the old style before described remain ; these as 'they die off are replaced by the new and far more effective race, and the improve ment is everywhere palpable. Io the present day every church and cha pel ha3 its Sunday school — a fact that incon- testibly bad its origin in tlie chapel : that this early introduction to something like discipline has been of incalculable benefit to the present and rising generations is, admitted and imitated by all denominations. Since we have previously introduced our friends to the society of miners in their places of business, amusements, and otber scenes, let them accompany us to their village chapel on a Sunday morning, and they will see u number of neatly clad orderly persons wend ing their way to the meeting house, at the the door of which, ere the arrival of preacher they will find' a large oougregation, among whom will be noticed some persons of superior appearance, usually the mine agents or respec table yeomen of the neighbourhood. Morning service is usually conducted by the local, and the evening by the district preacher, .or vice versa. In either case a decorum, attention, and reverential manner is observable; the singing is of a superior character; tbe fine deep toned voices of these stalwart fellows produce an admirable effect. Hymn singing is much practised by all classes! of miners, and is carefully studied. At the dismissal the peo ple retire in good order to their respective homes; The afternoon is usually spent in reading or taking a saunter in the country. The evening is marked by crowds thronging every road and pathway leading to the meet ing house, the majority being females, whose household duties had precluded them visiting the morning service. The visitor will not fail to be struck with the particularly tidy, not to say smart appearance made by per sons in so humble a sphere of life, presenting, as it does, a most powerful and favourable con trast to byegohe days, ' . In no part of the kingdom is the voluntary principle more generously supported," their means being taken into consideration. The people, out of their hardly, earned wages, con tribute liberally to subscriptions of aji kinds, particularly chapel extension and missionary enterprise. Formerly landed: proprietors ob- jected to have chapels erected on their estates. The benefits accruing to the localities have greatly altered their feelings, in this respect,; now not only is the land usually presented, or leased at a nominal rent, but' the proprietor frequently adds a handsome donation. If we contrast the ancient and modern pic tures, and both are correctly drawn, neither over-coloured or exaggerated, we shall admit a vast change for the good has been acbeived, and is still gradually in progress, as the records of their courts of assize fully testify; the higher class of crimes being very rare, and, when they are detected, more frequently committed. by strangers. If any rivalry between different' sections of religionists exists it is io.good spirit : with them however, we have nothing to do; it is only our duty to portray as we find them, and to mark the social progress. This we have endeavoured to do to the best of pur ability. Wher the efforts of all are equally deserving, it would be invidious to particularise, especially in matters of so sacred a character, We -trust the good work will prosper, and effect! the glorious ends desired, by whatever agency produced.. Still we cannot , but confess that the counties of Devon and Cornwall, the mining population most especially, owe much of their moral im- proveirient, their domestic comfort, and their present condition in the scale of society and happiness to. the "Chapel.",. Odd Mode of Buying a Horse.- — Gen. John son of Mount Sterling, Ky„ wished to buy a pair of horses of a man by the name of Swein, at Reilly's stables, on Sixth-street lately. Tlie price asked was 370 dollars, which the General thought too, .much, as they were hot heavy enough. Swein declared that they, were heavier than they . appeared to be, when the General offered him sixteen cents a pound for them, which offer was accepted. The horse was taken to an adjacent hay scales and' weighed 2,350 pounds, making their value 375 dollar's. A close calculation. , . A Legend, of a Horse-shoe.— A country man was taking a walk one day with, his son Thomas. As they walked along, the father suddenly stopped. " Look ! " he said, .-f There's a bit -of iron, a piece of a hors-shoe ; pick it up ; and put it in your pocket." "Pooh !" answered the child, " it is not worth stooping for." 'The father without uttering anoth'er, word, picked up the iron and put it in his pocket. When they came to a village, lie entered the blacksmith's shop, and sold it for three farthings; and with that sum he bought some cherries. Then the father and son set off again on a ramble. The sun was burning hot, and neither a house, tree, noir, fountaiu of water, was in sight, Thom as soon . complained of being tired, and had some difficulty in following— his fa ther let fall, 'a cherry as if by accident. lliomas quickly picked it up and devoured it, alittlefartheronhe dropped anotherand he picked it lip as - eagerly as ever and thus they continued, 1 the father dropping ermt'anjd, the';' son picking! them .up. When -the last one jy as eaten, the father stopped; and turning ,to the tboy Baid : — "Look, my son j if you had chosen to ! stoop, once to pick up ' the horse-shoe, you i would not have been obliged' to stoop .so often to pick up the cherries 1 " There is a good and pleasant moral in this Tittle j anecdote which may be of benefit 7 to all. 