Thoma8 Babington Macaulay has got a handle to his name ; the Whig government of England have got a brilliant advocate in tho sleepy House of Lords ; and Literature, the Muses bo praised ! has got a new avenue of ambition opened to it ! Now that the ice has been broken in the instance of orthodox Maoaulay, we must not be surprised to hear of an attempt to tie up Thomas Carlyt/e with a bit of blue riband, to mollify troublesome Dickens with a well-selected huinming-top/ or to .place a real wooden hobby-horse under discreet Thackeray ! It is a sensible expert ment of that precocious juvenilo, Lord Pal merston ; and so let men of letters smooth themselves down, and withdraw their claws into velvet, and tinkle hopefully tho allitera tion of their names with the picturesque old feudal titles, which ring with a 1 much resem Jblance to their original significance, as does that popular instrument, ' the Jew's harp ' to tihe harp of Da.vid. And it has actually come to this 1 And so, after delighting the souls of accommodating bankers by opening to them the paradise of thtfs peerage, and of distinguished lawyers, amd last not least, of political charlo.tans.wbo liafppeiied to have a soul to sell, it has really come .to tJii3 that wo are about to crown the brows of genius— not with bays but with a golden coronet ! Why it is a new era in British litttratvire ! What must tho illustrious dead thilnk of it— the gifted, who elevated tteir coitntrymen without even the recompense of ?foo.il ! A golden coronet, no les.3 ! What a flutter there must be in that hungry garret be side Holborn, haunted by the shade of Cha.t tbrbon — ' the wild-eyed boy' to whom anad mirirsi'J public could not afford a crust, but for its own glorification only a marble monu ments Aud the spirit of the starveling suicide OiwJlY — will it revisit again in transporb such *cjpalo glimpses of the moon' as are 'to ba foundt in Thames street ? And Spensek of tho gorgeous fancy, who died 'for lack of bre.v'1 ' in King street, Oovent Garden — surely he jvill not shrug his shadowy shoulders \ and declare, with his characteristic sdfdepro citing politeness, that this golden coronet of the nineteenth century ia — a ghost as well as himself? And, a ghost it is ; and like other ghosts, no matter how respectable, men do not be lieve in it. It is simply an unreality- — this thing of titles and emptiness, of sounding brass and tinkling cymbal. You cannot gal vanise dead ages, or put a living soul again into tho robes that docked the past. It would be better to let it rest. Men are becoming earnest .and have no heart for unrealities. It is not even a theatrical day. Heaven knows there is exclusivene3S enough in the world at present, aud yet a titled aris tocracy ia out of place — simply '^because, Othello-like, its occupation is gone. In dark and stern old Mediaeval times it was a fact, a force, a reality — and then it was respectable. Then it3 members governed tho State, and go vernment in those days did not signify routine and mere diplomacy. Then its members guided armies, or composed en masse the ranks of martial knighthood. Every member of tho nobility in the old times was a fighting soldier, and if he had capacity he was a, statesman or a general ; and so thero was exercise for his wits, for his manhood, for his force of character. Tho change in the occupations of tho aristocracy ia no doubt all for the better, but neverthe less it is, not an impressive spectacle to see the Marquis of Finsbury presiding or think ing he presides over a mendicity institution, the main proceeds of which go to a fat secretary and divers similar obsequious officials. Neither is it very imposing to think of Lord Batteksea getting by heart the senatorial speech which his former tutor always ?writes for him ; or answering that well-known advertisement in the Times offering for a consideration to ' create or enhance a litorary reputation.' Neither were we ever very much, prepossessed by the announcement of young and atniablo Lord George Honeysuckle's intentions towards the natives of. the Boshbosh Islands, who have a nasty habit of denying themselves Manchester cotton, and of feeding. on their female off spring. Poor Lord George Honeysuckle ! What a 'good young man' ho is, in tho eyes of his auditory of hypochondriac virgins ; and he is not in the least like that rough-handed ancestor of his who couched a lance at Agin court. The peculiar occupations of the nobility are gone, or they aro taken out of their hands, or so divided with them, as no longer to suffice for the employment of the' class. And when . a class ceases to havo a characteristic oc cupation, a special social purpose, its meaning is gone, and it ha9 become only a shadow of itself. No doubt there are masses of English population. still with a pro found veneration for ? titles, and a foreign traveller tells us how nsfconished he was at a public meeting to see men covered, and occupy ing their seats, and women standing beside them, but how on the entrance of a certain Duke who was to preside, all hastily arose and took off their hats. There wa3 certainly a sad degeneracy in that meeting from the chivalry of their Teutonic ancestors, who paid so much deferenco to woman ; but if that duke had either self respect or brains he must have felt anything but pleased with an adula tion which could not include the thinking or the refined. . Tho influence of any now spirit is felt, however, long before it penetrates the masses ; aud when the thinking cease to respect an institution 'or arrangement, all men, in their souls at least, soon cease to respect it. , France, whose unstable children can never long retain the liberty they are always sighing or struggling for, has never theless a singular gift of keeping a-head of other nations in ' sentiment, and tho spirit of the time is . thus so faithfully re flected there, that (Thackeray draws attention to tho fact in his 'Newcomes') there are numbers of the old nobility, Dukes, Counts, and Marquises, wEb never U3e their titles. In England, Sir Robert Peel — the most sagaci ous and far seeing of the members of the oligarchy — perceived to clearly the unsuitable ness of mere titles in this practical ago, hat he would not accept one for himself, and tho chief of the two injunctions he bequeathed his children was never to accept such distinction . There was* significance in that fact. By all means let the descendants of tlie old aristocracy preserve their appella tions of rank if they derive any pleasure from them — just as they j-reserve tho armor of their warrior sires in their halls and cabinets ; but in the name of good taste, and of that har monious suitableness of things which ia its essence, we should have no new titles. And in drawing attention to tho spirit of the era, and the fact that the gauds and trap pings of Mediaeval grandeur havo survived their meaning, let us not forget tho generosity to democracy which has been exhibited Jby so many members of the nobility. Nowhere havo the people found more devoted or enthusiastic leaders than occasionally from the ranks of the nobles — men, who with that disinterestedness which as well as high spirit, is so often a cha racteristic of long descent, of 'gentle blood,' threw aside rank, the privileges of their class and the prejudices of their education to assert the rights of humanity, and perilled or laid down their lives in such a cause. The views of some o£ them it may be were too extreme, the means by which they hoped to attain their aims some may dis approve, ' but all must acknowledge their ganerous disinterestedness. Democratic Spain has such a one in the Marquis d'Almayda, France could produce the Count de St. Simon and the Count de Mikabhau, Ireland points to Lord Edward Fxtz-Gerald, aud Ger many could boast of Baron Von Tkenck. This new mode of 'rewarding men of letters is a foolish attempt to lend the- poor Old Mediaeval bird a pair of wings, manu factured from the grey goo3o quills of the arrows that have .brought him low. It is a shallow Whig attempt to enlist the support of his natural enemy. The Tories would have novor done so ; they would have done 'better ? they would have let the old bird die game. It is a notable Whig attempt at a compliment ; but compliments like everything else from that party come out of season — and perhaps this one has come too late. 'New Insolvent. — Prank BraiVuwaite of Melbourne, licensed victualler. Liabilities, £1,022 10s. : assot9, £U0 ; deficiency, £1,132 10s. This was a voluntary jequestration. Official Assignee, Mr.. Shaw. Cause of insolvency, much pressure of creditors. We (Portland Guardian) hear it stated on, we believe, good authority, that the Hon. S. Gr. Uenty, Jl.L.O. is about to build a family residence on his allotment at the west side of tho Bridge, opposite the residence of hia brother, E. Houty, Esq., and that it ia his intention to reside in Portland during the re cess of the Legislative Council. Every inhabitant of Portland will feel that the residence of Mr ?Henty and family in Portland,- even during a part only of the ? year will be a beuoUt to ttft town, 