TO TUE EDITOR OF THE EMPIRE« Sm-At a time when the Government ate understood to have determined to foist upon tho country a moasuro of electoral reform, which, if our present impression ol its nature be corroot, will prove to be nothing but " a dolusion, a mockery, and a snare," it is very gratifying for those who, like ourselves, tako an interest in this matter, to observo tbat the Electoral Reform League are unfurling their banner, and'proparing to march to-what the ministerial organ, in referenoo to the impending discussion of. this vital question, has not incorrectly called-" the battle-ground" of the two parties in tho State. But why is it so confidently predicted by Ministerial- ists that the discussion of this measure, shall bo the battle-ground of politicians ? , How is it that a eoniliot is so certainly anticipated ?" To these questions, we think there can be but one answer, and that answer is most significant-"Conscience makes cowards : of us all ;" and, doubtless, it is the consciousness of tho hollow and illusive. character of tho contemplated measure that Alls tho ministerial mind with apprehensions of abomine struggle. The framers of it know very well that, unless'the people are com- pletely hoodwinked by tho mere name of electoral re I form, tho principle of their measure cannot satisfy the country's oxpeotations, and hence these gloomy foro ' bodings bf battle. Under those oiroumstances it will bo nothing strange to tho Government-nothing unrx I pected-if the'proposed measuro encounter the sternest opposition and meet with the most signal defeat. This I we sincerely trust will bo i ts doom, and, as a valuablo means bf aiding ' in its overthrow, the revival of tho League at this crisis is to be hailed by the community at large with a feeling of real satisfaction. The promiso of forty additional members sounds well ; it is very Rpooiotts, and, as a pieoe of what Sam Slick would call " Soft sawder," it is well calculated to imposo upon the unwary ; but how are the forty recruits to be chosen, and, whon chosen, into ívhioh of the two sides of the.House, let me ask, is tbeir weight most likely to be thrown ? Tho oleoting power, it seems, is to be fixed on the basis of population (how soft, how very soft, this sawder I) in proportion to distance. The principle of distance, then, ls to bo the presiding genius of this great measure. Bid any ono ever before hear of such a prinoiple in the theory or the praotico of Repre- sentativo Government? To what ingenious brain is it that we aro indebted for the invention bf this bright idea, and'what is the true scope and meaning of this rather myBterlous- looking principle? Lilto the ghost, it oomes "in suah a questionable shape," that we oon fess wo hardly know what to make of it, Is it intended' to convey tho idea that ten men in Parramatta, for instance, shall have ten votes, while tho same number, in say Armidalo, shall only have Ave votes? Or doos it mean that a hundred men on the Hawkesbury, for instance, shall beontitled to a mombor, while on tho moro distant Namoi or tho Barwon, tho union of not fewer than, say two hundred " good men and true" shall be the ossential condition for obtaining the boon of a representative ? Or, to come, as'wo think, a littlo nearer the mnrlt, is the rovision of tho prinoiplo sot forth in tho last of thoso two conjectures, mount to be tho rulo? In other words, is one mon at tho Namoi or any distant district to be counted worth two in Sydnoy or Maitland? We presumo he is; and if so, what moro palpablo absurdity, what more flagrant in- justice oan bo imagined? What, sir, is it possible that a' Government, with oven tho flimsiest profession ' of liberal intentions, oan gravely eonteniplnto such an out- rage to common sen so as to invest a man with olootivo power in proportion to his distanoo from tho scat bf Government, and, under this system of miloogo, to make a distant squatter equal, in point of electoral value, to possibly a hundred, or it maybe to oven flvo hundred of the oitizonB of Sydney or of any town within a hundred milds of it?-thus, potentially placing a very distant member of the squattooracy in a position which, as regards doctoral powor, might very well prompt him, in the prldo of dominion, to toko up part of Selkirk's soliloquy, and say, " I dm monaroll of all I gunoy, My right thora la nono to dfapnto [ From tho ooutro all round to tho san I am lord ortho fowl and tho bruto." But, although tho League may not and cannot havo any wish to disputo tho squatter's sovereignty over his (looks and his herd, yot thoy will, no doubt, fool it to bo their duty to " diBputo " tho right of thoso distant doniaons of tho Stnto to auoh an unduo preponderance in tho ropro. sontntlon, as tho prinoiplo of tho mensuro in quostion scorns designed to give them, and in homely but earnest phxasa to remind tho Government that " Tho rank is but tho aultion-atainn. i A man's a man for a that." , But tho authors of thia measure must suroly have i soma ostensible ground to rest their dlstanoa.pririolplo upon; md moat probably it will ba found to bo som« thing like this, that.the farther yon retire into tba in tenor, so much the greater ia, your chance of Andini men .of large property in..bo sbapo of nooks and herdi and extensivo runs, all of which ought to be the objeoti of special representation. This is probably the argu ment that will bo, urged in support of tho new principle and I| am free, to confess that, if property, and not popu lation, were to be the basis of representation, and if th« runs in question were absolutely owned by the squalors in tho same 8onSe: in whioh they possess their flock: land herds, there might be something in the argument; ¡but when .wo know that these runs aro the property of thc .country, and , that ftheir ,occupants are enjoying'the use of them at a mere fraotion of a rent,. not exceeding in some càsoB.'as wo are'told, the'nineteenth port; of n penny per aore.'the reason adduoed falls to the ground ; andrhe who, vwith.thé knowledge ,of these , facts before him, would presume to urge it in defence, of, the , prin c'P'P of theunew 'measure, must be' prepared for .adding insult to.'injury.' 'It is something lita nV case in whioh a man had got tho disputed'possession.'of your, house, and then asks you'to arra him with, ai truncheon to keep you OUtOfit.; ,., , .', [ .J,".,.. . . / . *' , ,But if our conjectures.bnithe.sijbject he correot, they seem to give us a koy to' tho whole affair, and -'toT shew that; áfter all, there lias been 'so'me'dogree of .'ingenuity, employed'in the concoction of. thé mensure.) rThe> land question, it is wall, known, is,one pf ,tbe. roost "promising; '.questions o/f the hour,; ,and it is'equally notorious 'that, of; all the existing,', institutions, pr'. rather' . existing abuses whioh the presenirigime are desirôUB of. uphold- ing,'.'- it ". 'is ' 'that 3 of " squattism,. -/.'as; it presently státido, i ! BtiCthe' land question j cannot be touched; by Ahe. Government without bringing this abuse to an end, or nt all; event* without, subjecting hr to most , material modifications ; and 'hence the ministerial'desire; of b'rin'girig to 'the'-'* biittle-grbund" a ¡reinforcement pf 'fresh' tróops in the shape of ther forty now monabers,, ? who, owing;, as tboy.mainly:wiU,do,jtheir,parliamentary existence; to (tho .distance-principle of .the measure that' . is to poll, them ifjtb. being, and depending for then1 per- sonal .'prosperity.upon :the maintenance 'of the state of 'things which fhW principio is meant to uphold;-will be prepared, nay,'will:b» pager to fight with , the ministry, through, thick and thin. , , , From , the squatters, . as a class, wo would bo nmbng tho Inst tb withhold any right br privilege that justly belongs to them, 'or ? to. deny ' them , a fair share bf1 influença ' in; tho national .repré- sentation. .To ? their enterprise, ,and ,,to . their' enpitnl the, colony is, in no, small measure, indebted for its settlement and progress; but for any berieflt'derived' on this scorn,' the colony has suroly made tbe'squatters "n most ample return in the shape of tho boundless nnd I nlmnU.:prioploss; pasturage ¡frp'ra whiph they have been I drawitiR .their^.princely .fortunes; and these gentlemen ' ' ought nAver to forset' that, whatever may bo the nature' : or tho value of the advantages conferred on tho'country I by their operations, they have arisen, not iii conséquence i of, but in spite of,, any desire on .their part,to bestow them. ... ? . . il nm, Sir, your obedient servent, . ' I 13th July, 1857. 1 i\ " ' SCOTUS. . I 