A HINT IN SPITE OF HIS TEETH.— Our boy has remarked a tall cadavorous long imitation of a man doing the ghost of Hamlet (out of the City Hamlets) to wit, through the Argyle 'Cut' for this last six months, at the suspicions hour of one a.m. Surely Monsiour Moustache has not been performing dentis- tical operations ia the dark. THE REFUSE OP THE BUNCH.-In tho ovont.of Mr Dallly being nnsontod, wo hear it is ia contemplation to put cither Mr Martin Guest, or Riobard Driver,-jun, Esq., in nomi- nation. Tho former advances his claims on the strength of his surname while the latter is simply known as a jiii/i-drivcr. Wiro WOULD HAVE THOUGHT IT. Without comment, we extract tho follow ing from our contemporary, the Herald's lending article of Tuesday - " For reasons - we stated recently, the Empire hos been raised on fictitious resources. Having no strength in tho popular attachment, it has been bolstered np by fictitious prosperity and borrowed capital." THE DISPUTED ELECTION ron. SYD-' NBT.- Why DALLY over tho matter? Surely PAIR FACTS cannot be denied. " TI'IB PEOPLE'S ADVOCATF", We perceive that .this valuable (!) newspaper, plant, Ac, is advertised for ro-salo nt tho "risk of tho former purchaser"-Mr M'Killop we believe. To literary capitalists-wo do not mean men of literary - capital alone-persons having the itch, of sp eolation in their veins, with a'rcspectalile exchequer to back it up, we can recommend the. above as an opportuniiy calculated to afford, 'them ample scope for the investment of Cents, and sense. As " Tho Devil" is . to bo thrown: into tho bargain, we only hope the purclioscr-to bo may not burn his lingers. .THREE PERSONS DROWNED NEAR RATMO.ND TBRRAOB.-On Saturday afternoon' last, during the heavy squall, a boat containing Mr and Mrs White and two children wera upset, and Sirs White 'nnd tho children were unfor- tunately drowncQ. It appeared that theysiarted from Raymond Terrace, and wcro sailing down tte river . to their home, some little distance down, and when almost within sight of the house, and near Grcenaway's Crook, a aud io n squall came on; before Mr Whito could tako the necessary precautions the boat capsized, up- setting them all in the water. Tho disaster was witnessed from the bank,and aman whoso nnme we cannot learn immedia'ely launched out to the rosene, but tha squall and the current were too strong, and his boat capsized also; ho, how- ever gallantly struck out, and swam to tho spot, where he was fortunato enough to pick up Mr White, and to convey him in safety to the shore.' . Attempts wore then made to recover Mrs White and tho.children, but jn vain ; nothing was reen of them after thoy first sank. The bodies dad not been recovered when our informant left. Ibid. : CURIOSITIES OF LITERATURE.—Some of the publishers' advertisements which now daily ap- pear in the columns of the Times, remind u forcibly of tho old pamphleteering time;, when authors tortured words into all sorts of impos- sible meanings for tho sake of giving a quaint or alliterated title to their works. Among tho moderninstances*of this fanciful custom, we may mention the, following works, tho titles of which are curious?-" Notes on noses," "Table íiaíí, and something on them, "Habits and Men, with remnants of records touching the makers of both," "Knights and their Days.'1 The lost is, perhaps, the happiest idea of all. ? NEW INSOLVENTS.—Joseph Bennet, of Elizabcth-street, Sydney, master mariner; lia- bilites, £98 3s 2d; assets, value of personal property, £18; deficit, £80 3s 2d. Mr Terry, official assignee.--Arthur Palfrey, of Farra nmtta-rond, noar Sydney, grocer; liabilities, £323 12s 5(1; assets, valuoof personal property, £200; outstanding debts, £8; total, £208; de- ficit, £15 12» Sd. Mr Mackenzie, officiil assignco. 1 .Jeromiah Grnnt, of Hartley, grazior; linbilitscs, £1278 10s; nssots, value of porsonal property, £13!) 12s; outstunding dcMi! £585; total, £721 12a; dolicit, £553 l&s.; Mr Wilson, official assignco.-Michael Griffin, of Iilvorpool-road, near Sydney, laborer; liabilities £272 10« Cd; assets, value of real property, £200; personal property, £17; total i'317; de- ficit, £55 I Os Gd Mr Mackenzie, official as- signee. --- Jules Cailly, of JaralBon-street. Sydney, gentlcmnn; lfabilitios, 210; assets valao of personal property, £30; deficit} £136. Mr Morris, official assignee. FORTUNATE RESCUE ¿AK» COU otors Co.vnrroT. AT TUB PAI.M.-TPS I jjoin tn record n narrow oscrtpo from drown si tho Falls. On Sntnrdity Inst, a son of Solomon Harris, of this towri, nccompnnicd t toung mon named Denise, wont in a gig to "Falls for the purpose of giving the hors jrtnk ,»ot hoing aware of the danger» or of ilion depth of tho water. from the fri Immediately after entering the strcam.the cnn sircpt tho horso off its legs, upsetting the { »nd precipitating both Its occupants into river. A llttlo girl, a daughter of Mr Hist «ko saw the occurrence, ran up to har fathi lonso, but ns in many cases when quieknesi required soma obstacles aro met with, she foo the inner door shut, nnd had to mn round I house, which caused her a little: delny, jiisby. upon being told of tho circumstance, i mediately ran down to tho river,- and seeing tlipht bubble on tho top of tho water, plunged into tito stream, dressed as he was, a: disappeared under tho water; tho next momo (ho boy's body was brought to viow, and Ï Risby coming np gare him a slight push towar the shore ; tho boy, howevor, again sunk, ni was brought again up by Risby, who was no jetting very exhausted, from the great weight ? Ms elóiho». and tho exertion which he he already undcrgono; so that upon tho boy agai linking, the lives of both were in imminoi danger. Luckily, however, success agai frowned bis efforts, and this time- being neart 'he shore, Mr Henry Smithers, who was stand ing on tho bank, ran into tho water, and brougl; elh boy "to shore. Mr Risby then came oui much oxhnustod. The boy was immcdiatel. token to Mr Itisby's house, where every caro wa taken of Master Harris, nnd we are happy ti Elate that through she kind attention of Mr Itlshynnd professional assistance of Dr Waite (ho efforts mndo to resuscitate lifo were success. I fal, and ho is now progressing favorably. Thi I young mah Denise swam ashore, ' soon uftor the i occurrenco. Strange. to say, during tho time ir which Mr Risby was engaged in his daring at- tempt, the people, of whom a great number had collected, wcroso painfully excited watching his exertions that no attention was paid to tho horse anil gig, nnd it was only when every one was found to bo rafe that tho horse nnd gig was thought of. On going down, tho horse's legs and nose only wero visible; a rope was proenrod, and both tho horso and tho gig were got out, tho horso nlivo, and tho gig nninjured. Too mnch cannot ho said in praise of Mr Jiisby's eal lant and courageous oonduct, nor is this tho first occasion when he hns saved persons from drown ing--Maitland Mtrcury, Jan. 6th. Itlg.-¿>//lH"l"U ;.!».....;,."-... A WANT EASILY SUPPLIED.-Ycster day's llr-rnlr) contains tho following advertise tncnt:-" WANTED ot Darlinghurst or Uppe Woolloomooloo, a largo airy bedroom, or bed' room with sitting-room, furnished nnd with at tendance. Terms modunte. Address, ETJ DELTA, &C;, &C.; WO shall be happy to givo tht applicant a card of introduction to Governoi Beverley, whnee bill of faro comprises all the ab solnto necessities to E(n)t-a, and where he wil doubtless bo Dc(a)It-a with according to his deserts. Luna, ON WOMRN.-An old bachelor, talking of'woman's righta' in ouroiBcc yesterday, says an American paper, said-" Talking of a quantity of intellect, forsooth I Let us seo what they liare dono, whero the sphere has been unques- tioned and wide open to them this thousand years. Sir, no woman evor wrote a great poem. No woman ovor wrote a great drama.. No woman ever produced an important mechanical invention. And, sir, no woman ever wrote a prent book I The best that can bo said of them H this:-They have written clever letters, tolo rabio novels and intolerable epics. They have made no sculptures, no music, no paintings worthy of tho name; and os to inventions, sir, they have invented nothing outsido of millinory and mischief since tho world began !" Wo were j about to reply, when wo discovered that tho wretch had disappeared. 