THE BOY OF THE LIOHT-HOUSE. I (From Putnam'! Monthly Magazine.) Aorosa a lengua oí angry breakers And three of wasto anti drifting sand. With curlews wading in tho ah allowa And whito gulla Hailing off tho land ; A boacon on the far horizon. Nearer, a tower all worn nuu whits, . A ligbt-bouso half, and haifa prison, . With ruatod gratings round tho light. . Darron tho ahoro and unfrequented, ' 1 1 . ' Andfrettod ever by tho Boa: . And Biioh aa thoso woro his aurronndiuga, . A horo, and tho last of throe On the long swell from tho Barmudas While groat Orlon climbs tho sky. Romola at Boa. in night and Bilanoo, Like ghost tho unseon floota go by ¡ On tossing In tho wide Atlnntio Impetuous doab upon tho loo. ' Whoo tho low coast with mists ia hidden, And wblto with foam is all tho sea. : Ab what onduranoe and ondonvonr. . Woro his who watohod botwoon thoso bars, i ' Through thoso droar nights when wlldost tempest Shat out tho earth, the sea, tho stars. Sorono tho onrly autumn morning, ' ' Fair skies, light breozes off tho ahoro ; Whon the two koepora of tho beacon Sollod from it to return no more. Up through tho gate» of tho Antilles - Coaatwiso the driving fog was piled, ? . By tho floreo guata of Uto tornado, And the great waves ragod whits ana wild.' Bhoroward from soo nail sedgy marabou Tho soa-bird» tolled to reaou (tio malu, Drifting aslant boforo tho tempost, llowlldorod by tho hissing rain j Aronnd the tower with orles discordant Wheeling in oft repoatod (light, Ibby oauglit on wot and glancing pinions Tho gleam of tho revolving light. Through tbs raln.hlurrod and boalou oasomont Each following each lu ondloss obaso, Flashed bars of fight pursued by shadows. In wldor circles round tho placo ; Flashed ovar sands and sound and Inlet, And tanguas of sea lashed by tho galo, ' And past tho shoal and dangerous headland In safety guided many a Bail. And dlrofuj wrook had boon, and drowning Whero wrook had novor boon befara, Hod it but faltered in rovolvlog And aoemcd nomo casual light ashore Throo nights of storm, on tho horizon - t A star by turns to soa and sound-? Did mortal hand light up tho beacon And trail tho glittering lamps around ? , For In tho whirlwind's sudden fury, ? Just where tho BOOS and currents oroRSSd, Wholmod in the merciless Atlaatlo Both keepers of tho light woro lost It was a oliild of years yet landor Kopt lonely vigil In thoir stead, Nor know that in tho hollow surges . Rolled siro and graudsiro stark and doad. Bo thought of talos of shlpwrook dreadful On counts Bca-gli t nnd lying low, Of wrotohos lost in tho Atlaatlo, And sot tho glimmering lamps a-row. Poised In Its wall within the towor, A p'ondorous weight controls by night, Through multiplying wheols and pinions, Tho revolutions of tho light. How long ho tolled-a ohild'i* ondeavoar At tho stiff crank to rnlso this weight, , While darker rollad tho ocean over, And wind and rain assallod tho grato ; How his bravo soul remained undaunted Whan all his childish, strength was vain, Whllo dooper night Involved tho ocean. And wilder boat the wind and rain ; Until disjoinod from whool and pinion, Studdod with lights a sparkling rool, Hound and around In bright gyrations Ho drew at last tho cumbrous «hool. 'Twas when Ibo furious, tornado On the fourth day had consod to blow, And thoro were wreoks from Corrlontos To tho pino shoros of Pumlioo ; They carno in boats across tho surgos. In willoh tho koopors twain woro drowned, And found him by tho whsol still knoollng A poor doad child was all thoy found. If 'twas of hungor that ho perlsboil. Or thirst, or stress of laug fatigue, Or all ooujolned,-who o'er can toll us ? Witness was nono for many a loaguo, Give, O blind world, your londapplansos To mon renownod through blood and tears ; Not thus that nohlor hero trliimphod, And those aro not among his poors. 