THE EXPULSION OF THE CHINESE FROM THE BUCKLAND. The following narrative of the recent affray is furnished by the correspondent of the Ovens Constitution, and will be found to em- brace several particulars of novelty and in- terest:— Our correspondent writes — "The diggers, chiefly Americans, assembled about one hundred strong. Having divided themselves into two parties, one took the right and the other the left-hand branch of the river, having made up their minds to clear the Buckland of the Chinese population, which must have numbered at least two thousand. They accordingly commenced with 'Out you go, John.' John was obliged to go, and to prevent their returning, they burnt their tents, stores, &c.;, and drove them before them like sheep, occasionally giving them a touch behind with a waddy (not very gentle), like a drover in Smithfield Market. The River Buckland runs between two high ranges, consequently the Chinese, who had no retreat, either to the right or left, went straight along the course of the river. When the diggers came to the large Chinese camp on the Lower Buckland, a few celestials showed fight, several shots were fired, and four Europeans, it is said, were wounded; but poor John had to amputate nevertheless. They then set fire to the Joss House, a really good building, which cost about £200. Every- thing in it was destroyed and burnt, as also were all the Chinese stores, and about three hundred tents. Where resistance was offered, John would get knocked down. One poor woman, the wife of a Chinaman, got knocked down with a stone, her forehead was much cut, and her eyes blackened. The European diggers, who did not join the others, were pressed wherever they could be found, and some English storekeepers were threat- ened and cautioned against harboring the Chinese, or identifying any of them. Frank Scott, the publican, was threatened to have his house burnt down, because he gave shelter to a few married Chinamen for the night. "The police, only two in number, are, no doubt, very deserving fellows; but what were they among so many? They could not be distributed, and satisfy the wants of as many as the two small fishes spoken of in Scripture. Two storekeepers (English) were enticed out- side their stores, under the pretence of pro- tecting a woman in a row, and were taken to some out-of-the-way place, and then pounced on, got an awful thrashing and were told it was for sticking to Chinamen. Other stores were robbed, and plunder was going on right and left. "In cases where sick Chinamen were found, a pass, similar to the one which I enclose, was given to them. (The 'Pass' alluded to by our correspondent reads as follows:— "We give A free liberty until 4 o'clock only. July 5th." and is written upon paper torn out of an account-book.) Monday night, 6th July, 1857. Since writing my last letter, Captain Price has arrived with a detachment of police, much to the satisfaction of us all here, and they report the most frightful scenes on the road up — Chinamen worn out with hunger and exposure, dying on the road. One poor fellow was found lying near a fire in the bush, with his foot burnt off, others in a dying state from starvation, many were rushed into the river at the crossing-place of the Buckland, and it is believed that some were drowned. Two poor fellows were found this afternoon (Mon- day) — one lying down hid under the banks of the river, nearly dead ; the other was found also hid in a hole where he had crept into out of the way, and the earth had fallen in, and when found he was in a sitting position but could not extricate himself. Frank Scott, the publican, found him and gave him food, and told him to go to his house, but the poor fellow was afraid, and sneaked away. Captain Price is busy taking accounts of their losses, and the men whom they know as being amongst their assailants. One Chinaman alone has sustained a loss of over £1,000. One poor fellow nearly had his finger cut off to get his ring, another had taken from his belt three ounces of gold. Some few stragglers are returning to extract the dust from their rich piles of wash dirt; but many have had it washed up for them by the friends they left behind them. The ex- cuse raised by the European diggers for the steps that have been taken to rid the Buck- land of the Chinamen, is their unnatural and filthy habits. Constable Duffy reported the abuse to Captain Price. On the lower flat the river was literally dammed up with China- men's swags, who in their hurry at crossing, and being rushed from behind with sticks, &c.; had lost them — I am fearful that it is not all over yet, for there are amongst the expelling diggers a few desperate men, and one should not be surprised to find them resist the police, and show fight rather than be taken. I believe that when the question was first proposed, they meant no violence, but a lot who are always to be found, not only on the diggings, but everywhere, deeming it a good chance for plunder, joined in, and turned it to account, and even the Chinese were found robbing one another. I will quote an instance. A China- man, a storekeeper, named A. Yong, had three cases of opium, each case is worth about £150; his place was destroyed by fire. When it was over, the cases were found a little singed, but every ball of opium gone. Now opium is not a likely article for Englishmen to carry off, and a good many Chinaman were seen with five or six halls of this opium slung in a bag over their backs; each ball is worth £4 to £6. I will mention another instance. An English storekeeper took pity on a few houseless fellows, and gave them shelter in his store for the night; in the morning one fellow walked off with two new topcoats. This I can vouch for. The troopers who happened to reach the Buckland crossing place with the returned escort, arrived about three o'clock on Saturday, the day of the out- break, meeting the Chinamen in their flight. Great credit is due to them for the dispatch they used in augmenting their forces, and bringing Captain Price and his men on the spot by two o'clock on Monday, when it is taken into consideration that it is fifty of about the ugliest miles your correspondent knows of in the colony. At this time of year this is sharp work, and does really deserve notice. Yesterday a rumour was current in Beech- worth that fourteen Chinamen had met their death, and that a trooper had been shot. These reports, however, are without the slightest foundation. It is true that three Chinamen have been found dead within a few miles of the Buckland, but neither of these appears to have met his death by violence. One was found near the remains of a fire, with his foot quite burnt off; and it is probable that the poor fellow, fatigued and half-frozen, — for the Chinese cannot long endure cold — had laid himself down in despair and perished; the others were found dead in different posi- tions, and it is supposed that all three died of cold and exposure, perhaps aided by disease. However, Dr. Hutchinson, the coroner, has gone to hold an inquest, and the cause of death will, therefore, be more satisfactorily determined. It was expected that some re- sistance would be offered to the police on their arrival, but such was not the case. It is true that a drumhead meeting was held, and reso- lutions passed to the effect that the police should be withdrawn, but on the arrival of Mr. Superintendent Bourke, who, with twenty troopers had marched to the scene of action, these bold men were not to be found. An active search has been made for the ring- leaders, and five have been apprehended on suspicion. Yankee Tom, a well-known and disreputable character, has also been taken by the police, and accused of participation in the arson of the Chinese tents. He was brought up before the magistrates yesterday morning, but the case was remanded for seven days. The road from the Buck- land is literally lined with the fugi- tive Chinese, and great numbers have been found wandering in the bush. It would seem, however, that they are not without money, as some of the wayside houses have been doing well. Verily, it is an "ill wind which blows good to no man." Captain Price will remain on the Buckland until he is relieved by Mr. Gaunt, who must have reached the station by this time. The Resident Warden may, therefore, be expected in Beech- worth to-day. The police endeavored to per- suade the Chinamen whom they met on the road to return to the Buckland, and the Resi- dent Warden issued a notice promising full protection to all who did so. A few may have returned, but for the most part they are too terrified to face the Bucklanders again. It is, of course, impossible to esti- mate the extent of damage done to pro- perty, but we may safely put it down at £8,000 to £10,000, although the Chinese themselves pretend that it is much greater. It is the determination of the authorities to prosecute the search for the missing ring- uncle re in this affair, with the utmost rigour, and we are informed that Mr. Jonathan Bell is especially 'wanted.' But whatever may be the upshot of the affair, whether the Chief Secretary will des- patch a company of soldiers to quell the out- break now that it is over, and to reinstate the Chinese in the possession of their claims, we cannot guess. But of this we are pretty cer- tain that, from the 4th of July, 1857, the very name of Buckland will be a 'brownie,' to haunt the minds of each Chinaman who, if not himself present, shall hear tell of the scenes of horror which occurred at that place on Saturday last. From an article upon the Chinese question, which appears in the leading columns of the Constitution, we make the following ex- tract:— "A very considerable portion of the public, are, we are aware, in favor of expelling the Chinese altogether from the colony, and it may, perhaps, be well at this stage of our remarks to record our opinion on this point. It seems to us that such a course would be in every respect unjust, and, consequently, unjustifiable. It must be remembered that the present Chinese population have been admitted into the colony without restriction, other than the im- position of certain taxes. This privilege has been accorded to them by the Government of the colony, and we hold that, as far as the Chinese themselves, who are now among us, and who have come here with the existing state of the law before them, are concerned, we, as the people, are morally responsible to them for the acts of our Government, and however distasteful their presence may now be considered, we are not justified in repudiating the conditions upon which they were admitted. If we find that by the act of our representatives we have made a mistake, it is for us to seek a remedy by adopting constitutional and judi- cious measures to secure abatement of the evil. We need scarcely say that such a re- medy is, in our opinion, to be found only in judicious legislation. But we shall come to this presently. With regard to the expulsion of the Chinese, if it should be found necessary, it is, perhaps, within our power, now that our country is at war with theirs, to take the step without infringing the recognised law of na- tions; but we think that to avail ourselves of this loophole, the national conscience would require considerable stretching. We are fully alive to the existence of irritating causes, which have, in conjunction with a preconceived antipathy, produced the feeling of aversion and disgust existing, in the minds of the European population, towards these unpleasant visitants. We know full well that they are to the diggings what pigs, fowls, and dogs, are to the flower garden, — filling their own crops, with reckless avidity, to the injury of others. We can make every allowance for these feelings, and can even find some ex- cuse for men in extraordinary cases taking the law into their own hands, to punish them, when the Government prove deaf to petitions and remonstrances, and allow the evil to grow rather than nip it in the bud. But we cannot palliate — and here let us digress for a moment, to refer briefly to the recent occur- rence at the Buckland — we cannot, we say, palliate such intemperate, and ruffianly con- duct as that which has attended the late ex- pulsion of the Chinese from a portion of the Ovens gold-fields. If the acts of the Buckland diggers had been confined simply to the re- moval of their unwelcome neighbours, we confess that, with all our reverence for law and order, we should scarcely have blamed them, under the circumstance of their previ- ous unheeded remonstrances to the authori- ties. But when we find civilised beings de- grading themselves to the level of robbers, and giving vent to all the most ruffianly propensi- ties that ever disgraced the most depraved of mobs, we can only cover our face for very shame, that men of the same complexion as ourselves should have thus debased them- selves. This is strong language; but the oc- casion demands from us the expression of un- mitigated disapproval. 