' '?' SYDNEÏ" NEWS. [FBOM OUR OWN COERESPO.tDBNT.] Tuesday, December 1st. t . The election of aldermen took place to-day ; but the I ontlra result cannot be known till to-morrow. Mr, , Williams (cooper) has not been opposed In Bourke Ward ; Mt. Thurlo* will get In for Gipps Ward, in < opposition to Mr. W.Church; it has been reported that Mr. Bpenoa hu been the successful candidate In Fitz- roy Ward : and Mr. Qi- nrae Smith will probably be re- turned for Maoquatle Ward. '? The Dry DOCK at Cockatoo waa opened thla morning very successfully, and without any accident occurring, i The early hour at which the tide answered for the ope- ration waa the probable cause of so few persons belb- in attendance to witness it ; (or if our colonial friends had been aware, doubtleta numbera c1 ladies and gentle , men would .have been present ut an arent of so muoh importance to Ibis port and to the mere mtlle marine . generally. At 6 s-m, IL M. 8. Herald slipped her moor- ings, and, towed by the Victoria, proceeded to Cockatoo, anlntur there a little before eighto'olock The Dock was \- opened, and at IO o'cleck the ship took the blocks, the engines beginning to work at 2 p.m. The following are a fear particulars gathered with relereuce to the dook. The length la 830 feet ; the extreme breadth 88 feet ' the depth of water over Bill 32 feet ; and the cable con . "A tenta et nigh water about 000,009 coblo feet. The en , ' i gin» are capable of discharging nearly a ton of water at each revolution ; and by an Improvement that has been suggested might discharge a much larger quantity. ' Great progress bas been made since the breaking down of lb* dam at the entrance of the dock, «specially aa , the ballast and abale kas been removed, principally by band dredges, eiotpt during nine or ten daya when tbe steam dredge was employed. A very simple crab, acted > «pon by a small engine, has kean constructed on the is- land, to work the drage previously worked by hand labour. It la an Interesting faet that the " Herald" should be .the trat vessel docked at Cockatoo. Originally the George the »to, yacht, aha left Chatham on tbe 181b February, 1858, and hu been lor nearly alx yeara em- ployed on thla station, In the bydrograpblcal surrey of these eua. This sert Ice hu been performed more espe- cially In those parts of the Pacida whick are likely to be 'more frequently oroesod as soon as the Panama ' route la established-when the navigation will be ren- dered more easy of access, and the mall service will ?trad . belter chance of being performed with atrlct fonataallty. The " Herald" will be overhauled ; but the extent of repairs required is not yet ascertained. Har bottom la foul, showing accumulations of algae, and oollaaea of ali years' «lauding attached. Some of these are to undergo a seientiSc examination, It ia said, they are so curious. GOLD TkECBIVED BY ESCORT DURING THE MONTHS OP JULY, AUGUST, SEPTEMBER, OCTOBER, AND NOVEM ' BEB, 1857. i (i> on» the S. U. Herald.) Wama« From Bathurst.-» Orange ........ Stoney Creek. Sofala_ Tambaroora .. Louisa Creek-. Mudgee........ Jaw, on^dwta. 87Ï IS 151 8 UM 16 S88 I» »l8 17 mt » 1778 1283 1047 15*2 1689 1753 1302 2609 SorJTBBSS From Goulburn . Braidwood.... Tumut ._-. SS2 17 1409 10 774 11 428 14SS 664 268 14 1054 7 832 9 888 Î1B2 1442 N0BTHÏB.N From Kooky Hirer.. 111,337 li * Only ou» escort these months. SHAKEB.-In no past season have those dangerous reptilei »oen so numerous as they aro at present, Thoy aro almost ovorywhero to bo met witb, and pedestrians require to be con ! gtantly on the alert to guard against an attaok. , ; Mr. Allman, Mr. Moore, and other gentlemen, lava reoently killed loverai, at a short diatanco fron» town ; and only a few days since Mr. T. Coila, of the Oommarolal Hotel destroyed two . ' in Oooma- sfj-eet. One of them wag in tho got «forotiU>g,Ü,ifcmfc,*liva it ITU ffltb. »omç diffioulty killad ; tlie second was basking in the sun, at the door-step of a dwelling house. Eaoh of tho Bnakes were of a lead-colour species, and measured five feet long. It will bo apparent that parents cannot be too careful ¡^prevent- ing their children frequenting localities where there is a possibility of snakes concealing them- selves ; and the warm weather which now pre- vails is likely to lure increased numbers from their lurking places.-Yass Courier, Nov. 28. YASS. - Tun WEATHER. - Moro favourable weather for the agriculturists than that which has prevailed during the whole of the month now nearly terminated could scarcely have been desired, and the various growing crops promise to yield abundantly. During the early part of the past week a heavy thunder-storm occurred, accompanied and followed by heavy showers of rain, whioh to somoslightextontinteforedwith haymaking operations; but since Wednesday it has been dry, and the atmosphere has become extremely sultry, whilo the rays of the scorch- ing sun seem almost already to have attained midsummer power. A considerable quantity of hay has been secured on some farms, while on others mowing has not yet commenced. The prico asked, and in many instances given, for this season's hay is£6 per ton. VVohave not hoard anything like an acute estimate of the probable crop, huton impresión seems to prevail that it will be short of former years. The gardens and orchards were to some extent injured by the severe frosts which prevailed in the earlier part of the month ; but it is expected that fruit will be abundant, although the damage then sustained was considerable. The earlier varieties of fruit-cherries, gooseberries, io.-have been offered for sale in considerable quantities lately ; while culinary vegetables are plentiful, and moderate in price.- Yass Courier, Nov. 28. WHKAT AT YASS.-So favourabb are tho anticipations entertained of the growing crops of wheat, combined with the fine weather which has prevailed for some time, that the millers to-day announco a further reduction in the value of wheat. The quotations now given are 4s. to 4s. 6d. per bushel, We can scarcely perceive how these prices can yield anything like ade- quate remuneration to tho growor. Flour re- mains at former quotations, viz., £18 to £20 par ton.- Ya.it Courier, Nov. 28. Dr/nno.-I have tho pleasure to inform you that we are all in the enjoyment of a most pros- perous season-hoggins of grass, luxuriant wheat, promising crops of corn and potatoes, fat cattle and sheep, and prime horses for the Indian market. The town has been in a state of bustle and excitement for the last two days, in consequence of the delivery of cattle to Mr. Ryan, of Penrith, for the Port Phillip market. Mr. Cannon, of the Dubbo Horse Ropotitory, was so unfortunate as to get a fall in oonse quenco of his horse commencing to buck before he was fairly seated in the saddle-maintaining his seat, however, with his usual dexterity, for a considerable timo-and thereby fractured his collar bono. I hear that ho is doing well, the bono having been placed by some gentleman stopping at tho hotel. On the 2nd instant, in- formation was made before - McDonald, Esq., J.P., that ono William Brooks, an old man of seventy-two years, was in a dangerous state from blows received on Friday, the 30th October, from one John Power, who was brought before the bench and bound ovor to appear when called on. On Sunday, the 8th instant, Brooks died ; Dr. Curtis, of Wellington, was sent for, and upon removal of the skull at the pout mortem examination, it appeared that death had re- sulted from pressure of blood upon the brain, caused by the rupture of a blood-\ essel. It ap- pears by the evidence at the magisterial enquiry that the deceased William Brooks, had been drinking, and had given Mrs. Power a pound noto, which it appears he owed her. Power then came over to the hut where Brooks was and asked him why he gave his nifo a pound. Upon repeating the question, Brooks said, " I gave it her for a-." Power then seized a stick lying at his foot and struck Brooks, and he foil heavily upon the sleeper of tho hut on the back of his nead, which was supposed to have caused oxtr&vasation; of blood on tho brain, of which he died. Power is committed to take his trial at the Bathurst Quarter Sessions for manslaughter.-Mudgee Newspaper, Nov. 25. DEATH FROM INTEMPERANCE.-An inquest was held yesterday at the Tower inn, George-street South, on the body of William Charles Nichols, aged twenty-seven years. It appeared from the evidence that he had been drinking to ex- cess, and was the son of Mr. Isaac Nichols, of Pitt-street; that he had been for some time unwell, and under the care of a medical gentle- man for delerium tremens. On the 26th in- stant, he escaped from his father's house only half- clothed, and was found in Campbell-street much agitated and in a state of exhaustion ; he was conveyed to the watch-house near the Bene- volent Asylum, from which establishment Dr. Smith was fetched. He found the unfortunate man in a state of coma and past recovery, and he shortly died. The jury returned a verdict that deceased died from exhaustion brought on from delerium tremens, occasioned by acts of intemperance.-Empire, Nov. 28. THE FISK RIVER.-The crops in the neigh- bourhood of tho Fish River, nre reported as look- ing remarkably promising and healthy, and as affording reasonable assuranco of a plentiful harvest. The oat patches moro particularly are luxuriant ; indeed, no part of the colony, nor perhaps, tho world, grows finer oats than the land upon the Fish River, the samples submitted to our inspection upon several occasions, being of a superior quality to anything we ever saw in the colony. Wo are assured that there are crops of oats now upon the alluvial flats of the river, standing nearly six feet high, and that 80 bushels to tho acre have frequently been yielded. Talk of our agricultural capabilities after this !-Bathurst Free Preis, Nov. 25. NEW POTATOES.-Vegetation of every de- scription has been moro than usually forward this season, and we accordingly are in the en- joyment _ of what is termed in stereotyped phrase, its luxuries, at an earlier period than usual. New potatoes aro now coming into use, and a gentloman informed us a few days ago that thoy had formed an item in the culinary department of his establishment during the previous fortnight. Green peas have beon a sort of leading artiolo of the cutline for a month past, but can hardly bo said to have been in fonernl use. With regard to these coramo ities the present season is at the least a month earlier than usual.-Bathurst Free Press, November 25, DRATTON.-ACCIDENT.-On Sunday, tho 8th November, a man named Johann Spangler, a German, lwrrowed a horse to ride into Drayton. After starting, the horse stumbled and fell, on its rider, breaking his arm. Mortification hav- ing sot in, a second medical man was oalled in, and the am was amputated above the elbow joint, the ,pationt being under the influence of chloroform. Spangler died in eighteen hours after the operation. The first medical attend was charged with having improperly treated the deceased, but at tho investigation, held on the 16th November, tho evidenco laid before the magistrates did not support the charge - Abridged from the M. B. Free Press, Nov. 25. THB BLACKS AT MORETON BAY. -That many valuablo lives have been sacrificed in these districts is patent to the community, through the oiilpable indifference of those who aro bound to proteot us. Only a few days sinoe an old and respected lady, Mrs. Griffin, of Mount Sampson, narrowly escaped destruction during the temporary absence of her male ser- vants from the homestead. The foots are as follows :-The mon servants had gone with the dray to Brisbane, for rations, leaving the sta tion in charge of Mrs. Griffin and another fe male. During their absence, a blackfellow, well known at the station, presented himself at the house, demanding, in a most insolent man. nor, flour and_tobacco. From the fellow's man nor, Mrs. Griffin at once feared that if she re« fused to let him have what ho demanded he would resort to force to obtain it ; fortunately for her she did so, because permission to take was scarqoly given before sjx other powerful blackfellows presented themselves to her aston- ished gaze, and after deliberately helping themseivos to all they oould conveniently oarry, decamped with their booty, Mount Sampson, be it remombered, ia only some twenty-five miles from Brisbane, and in cloao proximity to two other large cattle stations, li, then, these Mack awnn4reli can commit, th.«»» tbjngi wi.lt impunity in broad daylight, only, a few miles from the metropolis of theso districts, bow can we wonder at people saying "I'm afraid ot tho I blacks V-Empire's Correspondent. _ SALE OF STATION.-Mr. H. Kent, junr., of Fassifern, I understand has, within the last few days, sold the right of run of Fassifern, with the stock thereon, for a sum of £15,000 ; in cluded in tho purchase is some 900 acres ot purchased land. The sale is said to be a good one to the purchaser, Mr. Vignoles. The sta- tion being so close to the town of Ipswich - some thirty miles - induces a corresponding re- duction in expenses for conveying wool to and supplies from the port.-Empire Correspon- dent. DEVELOPMENT OF THE GOLD FIELDS AROUND MUDGEE.-A public meeting, pursuant to ad- vertisement, for the above purpose was held at Mr. Foreman's, Maitland Hotel, on Wednesday evening last. Owing to local causes, the at- tendance was not so numerous as it otherwise would have bean, but the interest evinced by the few who did attend was quite suffioient to initiate matters. Mr. John Dickson being called to the chair, in a very neat and appropri- ate speech stated the objects of the meeting, in the course of which he adverted to the well known fact of Mudgee being the very centre of the gold fields-hemmed in on all sides by highly auriferous land-by Pipeclay Creek on the northward, Gooree on the westward, Grattai on the southward, and Mr. Cox's land on the east- ward; added to which were the diggings at Louisa, Bedbank, Bruco's Creek, Merrendee, the Meroo, &c.;, the whole of which were well paying gold fields. As far as Pipeclay was con- cerned, as much as 20 ounces to tho cart- load had been obtained ; and when that fact was added to the circumstance of this field being within seven miles of Mudgee, it fully bore out the assertion that the whole of the land in and about Mudgee was highly auriferous. The ob- ject of the meeting was, not to discover gold fields near Mudgee, but to develope the resour- ces of those gold fields. Such being the case, it was incumbent on all those parties having an interest in the advancement of Mudgee to unite their exertions in developing the mineral resour- ces of this highly favoured neighbourhood. It was proposed by Mr. Wilton, and seconded by Mr. Howarth, that a capital of £1000 be raised in shares of £1 each, to provide the necessary means for developing the resources of the gold fields in the neighbourhood of Mudgee, and that such sum be raised by calls of 5s. on each share ; one month to elapse between each call. The meeting then adjourned until Wednesday next, the 25th instant, at eight p.m., at Mr. Foreman's.-Mudgee Newspaper, Nov. 25. FATAL OCGUBBENCE.-On Saturday last Mr. Falvey, a small settler in the Mountain Run, met with an acoident which we regret to say has terminated fatally. It appears that the deceased was on his way from Bathurst home- wards, and that when crossing the Vale Creek, at George's Plains, ho fell forward from his horse head foremost upon the ground, and lay in a state of insensibility until a neighbour removed him to his house. As early as prac- ticable he was conveyed home, and was suffi- ciently revived to walk a portion of the woy, but relapsed into a state of insensibility, in which he remained until Tuesday evening, when death put a period to his sufferings. An inquest was held upon the body before Dr. Busby, on Wednesday last, when a^joii mortem examination was instituted by Dr. Machattie, the result of which, together with the foregoing evidenco, was the verdict that tho deceased had died from effusion of blood upon tbe_ brain caused by an accident. He leaves a wife and several children to deplore his loss. Mr. Falvey was a man of strongly marked character, and in his younger days was noted in this district for determined courage. One instance of this was manifested in an encounter with a notorious bushranger on tho Lime KilnB road, who pre- sented a gun at bim, and threatened to shoot him on the spot unless he surrendered what money and propertv be had upon his person. Nothing daunted, Mr. Falvoy rushed forward and seizing the gun, attempted to west it from him. Both being powerful and resolute men the death struggle was long, and for a time doubtfully waged, but terminated in the bush- ranger being disarmed aud marchad into Bathurst, where he was given into custody of the authorities, afterwards tried for murder, and executed. The violence of the contest may bo inferred from the faot that the barrel of the gun was twisted into a perfect bow.-Bathurst Free Press, Nov. 28. ACCIDENT.-Another accident occurred on Saturday, the 14th, to a man named William Clunes, a resident of Warwick. He was driving a horse-team down the Main Range on the day in question, but had not the presence of mind lo lock one of the wheels of his dray, or attach a "drag," which latter practice is generally resorted to by the drivers of bullock and horse teams. He had two rather spirited animals in his team, the leader of which got unmanagable, and propelled the dray with great velocity down the steep declivity, completely overpower- ing the shaft horse, and knocking poor Clunes down, one of the wheels passing over his thigh, causing a compound fracture of the bone, and lacerating the fleshy portion of the thigh most fearfully. The skin and integuments were all torn through, and all the muscles on the lower part of the front of the thigh, extending about six inches above the knee cap, were exposed. M. B. Free Press, Nov. 25. INQUEST AT BINALONG.-On Wednesday last, I. M. Blake, Esq., Coroner for tho Distriot, held an inquest on the body of a young girl, named Margaret Murphy, who was found drowned in the creek on the afternoon of the preceding Monday. She was playing with some children on the bank, and accidentally fell into the_ creek. When assistance arrived life was extinct. A verdiot of accidental drowning was returned.-Abridged from the Yass Courier. QUARTZ BEEF, ADELONQ.-November 20. The quartz reef digging still progresses favour- ably ;_ a mineral substance, familiarly termed by the diggers mundic, threatened at one timo to stop their progress, but many of them are now through it, and dead on the treasure again. The new reef gains in popular opinion, and many of those who have not been ovor success- ful on tho old ground, have gone over to tho new find. Stores and tents inorease in number weekly. Now that good weather has set in, and a consequent fall of the creek has taken place, the work on the alluvial ground1 goes on apace. Ihave infinite satisfaction in informing you, that the greatest «mount of gold yet Bent from this quartor, went down by escort to-day ; up to four o'olook yesterday afternoon, tho amount handed in for despatch was 866 ounces, and I have no doubt that the official roturns, when published, will show 1000 ounces or ovor. This is great work for our small population, and as foots are things that "winnading," , these figures will make many a mouth water. Yass Courier's Correspondent. BULLI-SEVEBE HAIL-STOBM.-Between the hours of three and four on Monday evening last this locality was visited with a dreadful hail-storm, whiob, I am sorry to say, committed fearful depredations upon some of the standing orops. The hail-stones were about the size of a pigeon's egg, and owing to the fierce southerly gale blowing at the time, they carno down with such velocity that the wheat and potatoe stalks were cut down as though it had been done with a sharp instrument. So great was the storm, in faot, that the tough ligneous leaves of the native fig-tree were perforated; and the win dow glass, wherever exposed, shattered by the orce of the stones. One unfortunate farmer, I understand, has had about two-thirds of his wheat crop destroyed; and all the wheat growers have suffered in a greater or lesser degree. Wherever the_ wheat orop was in an advanced state the grain has been absolutely beaten out of the head. The rain whioh accom- panied this storm was the heaviest that has been witnessed m this neighbourhood for some years book, - Correspondent of Illawarra Mercury. WOLLONGONG.-THE WEATUEB.-During the past weak, the weather haB boen exceedingly changeable. On Monday last, a thunder-storm swept over the town ; but, with the exception of two very loud claps of thunder, and two short, but very heavy, showers of rain, presented no remarkable features, as in other parta of the district. On Friday H was most oppresively hot during the whole day,-Mawarra Mer- cury, Nov', 30, BtiRBENDONfi.-Thore areyetsomo good nug- gets getting in Spring Gully. In the main gully one was obtained this week weighing 37 ounces, another near tho some place weighing 17 ounces, and a third weighing 10J ounces. In addition to these nuggets the yield of smnller gold hos been pretty good. One party of three took out during the past week 44 ounces. In the dry gully, at tho head of Spring Creek, several parties havo been doing very well latterly. In this place but a very narrow strip has beon worked, which was exceedingly rich. One man, lost week, working along the side of the gully, come upon o pretty good gateb, from which he took, in nugget» of various sizes, about 100 ounces in a lew days. Oakey Creekhas not yet shown so rich as many expected, it is, how- ever a good poor man's ground, where two or three pounds per week can be looked upon BB a certainty, but os yet, except in one or two instances, very littlo better than that has been done. With regard to the report that rich ground had been struck at the head of this creek, thereseemsnofoundationfor this rumour beyond the fact that a small piece of ground was worked there some three years since, whioh turned out well. The place' was abandoned and there is now no one working there. The num- ber of miners here is still on the decrease, although several who left this place a short time since have returned. Some fresh ground has been opened in Spring Gully, in front of Byrnes's «tore, which is turning out well. The sinking i» dry, and runs about fifteen feet. On the Mudgee River a few parties have set in, and are making about a pound a day per man tomming {he bank drifts ; the gold is very fine, but the deposit regular, with signs of improve- ment, the nearer the working parties approach the running water. The sinking in the gullies of the Mudgee has not yet turned out anything, all the holes sunk in them having turned out "shicers." In the Kangaroo Ground a penny- weight to the dish has been struck with about three inches of washing dirt, but as it is a long distance from water, and the nature of the ground rendering carting an impossibility, this for the present is unavailable. A great many of those whose claims are worked out and nume- rous new arrivals are beginning to wander about with their tools upon their shoulders, so that we may anticipate a further reduction in our num- bers unless something new is speedily struck. Gold continues at from £3 10s. 6d. to £313s. 6d. per ounce, according to the locality in which it is found.-Empire's Correspondent MAITLAND BAR.-There is a growing popula- tion abont Maitland Bar, which bids fair to de- velop something rich shortly. Tho scene of operations is known as Sailor's Gully, in which some heavy gold has lately been found. A very massive piece of gold was taken from one of the shafts, a few days since, weighing 32 ounces, and many other pieces, weighing from 1 to 20 ounces, have been found in the same locality. The sinking is from twelve to twenty feet, in some instances exceedingly wet. The gold is all coarse, little or no fine gold being obtained. A few parties are making good wages on the banks of the Meroo, above MaitlanaBar, near Whale's public-house, and upwards towards Avisford. Thcro seems every probability of a good rush in this neighbourhood, during the summer, and from what has already been done it is moro than likely that something very rioh will be struck. There is every iacility for working the ground about the bar, water being abundant, and provisions, stores, and tools of every description being obtainable at very rea- sonable rates.-Empire's Correspondent. CUSTOMS REVENUE.-The amount of customs roTenue received during the month of November was £38,392 14s. lOd. ; duringtbo same month of I85C, £39,ICO Os. 7d. There is, however, a decrease of £767 5s. 9d., on the receipts of the month. During the eleven months of 1856, the customs revonue for the port of Sydney, amounted to £403,764 Is. 9d. ; for the same period of the present year the receipts have been £461,915 8s. 7d., which is an increase of £58,151 6s. lOd. in favor of 1857_S. M. He- rald, December 1. CAMDEN, NOVEMBER 28.-FATAL ACCIDENT– A correspondent says:-It is our painful duty to have to record the death of a man named Barney Fitzpatrick, overseer on the estate of Mr. Risby. It appears that deceased and two other men were travelling along the Liverpool road, on Friday last, on their way home ; when about two miles from Camden, deceased and one man stopped at a public-house to take a glass, the other remained in the dray asleep ; they had seated themselves again and got on for about 100 yards when the dray went into a hole on the side of the road, capsizing the dray and threw deceased in front of it, at the same time one of the horses fell upon him, and before assistance could be got, life was found to be extinct. The other two came off with a slight bruise on the side and head. The deceased was in his sixty-third year, and not married. An inquest was held on the body by Mr. J. Antill, coroner for this district, on Saturday last, at M. Risby's, Plough and Harrow, when a verdict was given in accordance to the evidence. All the party were suffering from the effects of drink.-S. M. Herald, Dec. 1. THE IRON BARKS.-These diggings appear to go on in the old quiet way-thoy are what may be termed the poor man's gold field, as here any one who chooses to work may make out a living, the sinking being only a few feet, and though the quantity of tho precious metal obtained is small, still something is snre to be got from most of their washing stuff. There are at present near upon 300 diggers, and the place, from the number of huts, assumes the appear- ance of a little township ; in fact, the parties engaged here appear to have made it a more settled home than on other diggings. They all appear to bo in possession of plenty of money, and the amount of gold sent by escort the last week from the neighbourhood, 600 ounces, speaks favourably as to their prosperity. Empire's Correspondent. ULLADULLA.-THE WEATHER. - For some time back the weather has been exceedingly changeable ; one day it is hot, and the next is very wet. On Friday last, wo were visited by a very severe thunder-storm, which commenced about sundown and continued throughout the night. On yesterday, Monday, we were visited by another thunder-storm, which lasted for about three |hours.-A Ghost Story : For the last three weeks the most terrifying and strange sounds have been heard to issue from a swamp near here, known as the Big Hole Farm, occu- pied by Mr. Berry. The voice resembles that of a human being in great agony and pain, and can be heard at the distance of three miles. It never criss moro than three or four times at once, then in quick succession, and at about midnight, or an hour or two before sunrise. It very often is_ heard to only ory out once at a time. Be this as it may, those parties residing within three or four miles of the swamp are un- able to rest at night time for its strange un- earthly bowlings, and assert it is an apparition raising its voioe as a .warning to us to avoid some impending evil. Others assure us it is the ory of a large bird, and that it was heard proceeding from the spot about twelve years ago. However, there it is, and its cries are annoying and amazing to those in the neigh- bourhood. Some stout men with stout hearts intend, in a few evenings to come, to visit the swamp, for the purpose of ascertaining the nature of the being or bird which emits these strange and awful sounds.-Correspondent of Illawarra Mercury, Nov. 24. MERRENDI.-The parties engaged in working the river have commenced washing, but up to the present time the result of is by no means so good as was anticipated. The upper company divided for a week's work a few shillings loss than six pounds per man. The amount per man for the same period, divided by the next company, was a littlo short of an ounce. The other company were also prospecting the ground ; the cut taken by them did not give any very encouraging return. These results, however, can hardly be taken as decided proofs of the failure of the speculation, as they have proved but a very small portion of the ground. A week or two rçill «how Better what the returns are likely to be. A' few parties are washing about six miles up the Meroo, at the World's End, and doing very fair. In the dry diggings hut very few are working, but seem to be earn- ing better wages than those working the river, having no wator to-trouble them..-Empire's Correspondent. STONET CBEEK.-Thoro is very little doing here at the present time, not only from the lack of miners but from their being too much water for working operations. The few who remain have good heart and faith in the future, believ- ing that Stoney Creek will, ere long, regain its former celebrity. The rush to Burrendong has drawn many from here, but I understand a few only have met with more than ordinary success. -Empire's Correspondent. An important company is now in course of construction-The Bed_ Sea Telegraph Com- pany. The commencing capital is to be £300,000. The full scope of the soheme is to connect Suez and Karrachee by electric cables, but the work at present proposed to be accom- plished is the laying down of a cable from Suez to Aden. A purchase of the Atlantio cable is spoken of. The East India Company have guaranteed a' minimum yearly revenue of £20,000 for the use of the first portion of the line, but the sanction of the Boara of Control is necessary to carry this out. [It is urged in opposition to this scheme, that there are tre- mendous and uncertrin depths in the Bed Sea, and that its coral reefs would quiokly sever the cable.] A dreadful accident has occurred off the Old Head of Kinsale. During the night the Wes- tern Star of Boston came into colusión with an unknown barque, and went right over her, send- ing her to the bottom with every soul on board. The Western Star was so much damaged that she put into Queenstown in an almost sinking state. 