HE COU HIE H. rtratuHB» DAIST. TUESDAY AFTERNOON, MAY 5. äti-fituc et ftedtyrrr, . VICTORIA. BY the arrival of the steamer Queen at Launceston we have papers to Saturday last. The latest gossip regarding the elections for the vacancies occurring through the members of the New I Administration taking office, is that vfttj Minister I will be opposed when be appeals to his constituent*. [ For Melbôuino, In opposition to Messrs. Moore and] Michie, Messrs./!*. Rae and Greeve? will b4 started, and did we judge "by reports abroad, we might assure the new Commissioner of Land and Woik« that bis chance of t-ucess is st tbo least a very doubtful mat- ter. Mr. Ebden will be op «wed by Mr. Alleyne o.' Mr. Chapman. TIIP former gi-ntlem in b.id (so the story goei) given a pledge not to oppose Mr. Ebden, but'in tbo event ol' the Treasurer holding Mr. Alleyne tit bis pledge, tbo supportas of the hitler, I who'it is ruallv believed are able tn cany f hu election, will voto fir Mr. Chipman.- Mr. Fellows is alan to ba opposed for St, Kilda ; and ive have' beard a 'Gee- long name mentioned as likely to l«s put forward in opposition to that of .Mr. Haines for the South Grant, ruprcsentn'ion At a late hour on Tuesday night, the Melbourne detectives were astounded by a telegraphic message from Castlemaine announcing the perpetration of a bloody and brutal murder between Jones's Creek and Inkermann. The victim of this atrocity was Mr. William Henry, who was in partnership with a Mr. Williams, as storekeeper, at Jones's Creek. The murdered man was also reported to have been robbed of 300 ounces of amalgamated and 100 ounces of alluvial gold. Yesterday morning, in confirmation of the intelligence of the previous night, Messrs. Solomon and Levy, of Melbourne, received two letters from their branch store at Maryborough com- municating the assassination of Henry, and declaring that his dead body had been found in the bush, cut and stabbed in such a manner as to leave not the slightest doubt that the unfortunate man had met with a most violent death. Detective Randall was immediately despatched to make certain inquiries of some friends of Henry residing at Col- lingwood, and spent Tuesday night in endeavours to obtain some reliable information to guide the future conduct of the police; and on yesterday afternoon, as he was walking down Bourke street, whom should he meet but the very man whose tragic end had created so much excitement, and set half the police stations of the country in motion. Randall, who had a personal knowledge of Henry, was taken rather aback, and being of a suspicious turn of mind, imagined that the person before him was not real flesh and blood. He had strong objections to address himself to a ghost even in the heart of a large city in sunlight, but the more he looked at Henry, the more firmly he became con- vinced that it was no mere shadow that strolled on leisurely before him. He further perceived that Henry had undergone a recent tonsorial operation, for his physiognomy presented unmistakeable evidence of a clean shave, and the respectable, store- keeper was rigged out in complete digger's dress. Randall then pulled him up and questioned him, and found that the man so brutally murdered a couple of days before, was still alive, sound and kicking. Henry accounted for his unexpected appearance in Melbourne by a cock and bull story about his having been 'stuck up' in the bush, and Randall and he did not part company till he introduced him to a certain mercantile firm in town with which Henry, as it now appears, had been doing a rather equivocal business, and he was forthwith handed over to the police on a charge of obtaining money under false pretences, and is now in the watch-house. He will figure at the Police-court to day, when it is expected further revelations will be made; and until then we suspend all comment upon a transaction which requires explanation from Henry and those kind friends who were so prompt in circulating the rumour of his murder, and finding his mangled body. In the meantime we append the following report of Henry's murder from yesterday's Ballarat Star. Dreadful Murder near Dunolly. - Mr. Henry, a storekeeper, at Jones's Creek, and formerly proprietor of the Bull and Mouth Hotel, Dunolly, was found brutally murdered in the bush off the road from Jones's Creek to Dunolly on Monday last. The unfortunate man, it appears, left his store at Jones's Creek on Sunday morning in his spring cart, having in his possession one hundred and thirty ounces of gold: not arriving at his destination as expected, search was made for him on the following day, when his horse and cart, and the hat and coat worn by him, were discovered upon the road between the localities in question, but without any traces of violence indi- cating the fate of their owner. After twelve hours' further search the body of the murdered man was found in the bush at some distance from the spot, with a pistol shot wound through his head, and the gold and whatever other valuables he had about him gone; affording unmistakeable evidence that the work of death had been shortly and speedily accomplished by his assassins, of whom no clue has yet been obtained. The entire district was in a state of great excitement, and an active search is on foot to discover, if possible, the perpetrators of the foul deed. Union Rank of Australia.-Weo hear that Hux tablu mid Co.'s Reading Rooms have been bought by the Managers of tbo above Bank for the sum of £4500, for the purpose of a branch establishment on Ballarat. Theatrical On Dit,-We have much pleasure in informinsr our readers that we hive heard that it is the intention of the eminent tragedian G. V. Brooke, accompanied by Mr. G. Coppin and some minor cele- brities, to vi-it this town in a few days. The Monte- zuma has, wo understmd, been selected as the scene of their labours ; and we doubt not they will bo as hichly appreciated at Iiallarnt as they have been at Melbourne and elsewhere. - Ballarat Times, 29th ultimo William Henry or Hendry, the individual who so miraculously returned to life after being so brutally murdered in the bush, near Jones's Creek, made his appearance at the bar of the Police-court on Thursday, charged with an attempt to defraud some of his creditors, more especially a Melbourne firm, to which he is sworn to have been indebted to the tune of about £900. He has been remanded to gaol for a week. ' 