SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1857. We are happy to perceive that the subject of establishing a school in Armidale in con nection with the Hoard of National Educa tion has been revived in a most befitting inannei. The late meeting was well at tended, the proceedings were marked by great unanimity so far as principles were concerned, and the amount subscribed in the room was worthy of the cause. Added to this, we are aware of many parties who do not intend to limit their subscriptions to the sums set down in the present list, but will be prepared to take a far more active part in supporting the movement as soon as they are convinced that the new site will be chosen in a central position, and that the comfort of the scholars and the convenience of their parents will be considered primary objects of attention on the part of the local patrons. It is a very common fashion in the inte rior of this country to consider close proxi mity to water as a " sine qua non," and buildings are thus frequently erectcd in low swampy situations which are as dan gerous to health as they are productive of risk of life, to say nothing of the discomfort of residing in the centre of a region of mud. The site originally chosen (or granted) for a National School at Armidale has been so generally condemned as to render any re marks on our part in reference to the neces sity of choosing a better spot quite unneces sary. But we may well say a few words respecting the requisites of a proper site. The situation ought to be dry, and possess at lfast a moderate elevation, on account of health ; and if the ground were gravelly, so much the better for a play-ground. The next indispensable requisite should be a comparatively central position. This point was ably touched upon by Mr. Scholes at the late meeting, as well as the inexpediency of sacrificing other advantages for the single one of convenience to water. It is scarcely necessary for us to draw attention to the fact that but rarely during the last twelve months has the water of the creek been lit for culinary operations, owing to the oft-repeated floods. That it .has been ex tensively used, without any previous pre paration, we are well aware,^ but it is quite apparent that it must have been at some cost to health in delicate organisations. A creek forming the main sewer for the debris and decaying animal and vegetable matter .which accumulate in a town is no fit reser voir to expect pure water from. And, in seasons of drought, water from such a source is still more objectionable. We see no reason why the bugbear of distance from surface water should be suf fered to stand in comparison for one moment .with a dry situation and a central position. The Episcopalian and the lioman Catholic schools in Armidale have the merit of cen trality, without their erection having been influenced by any consideration of conti guity to the creek. *We do not see, there fore, that the same, rule should not be applied, as nearly as circumstances will parmit of, to the choice of a central and almost equally advantageous site for the cection of a National sehool-bouse. Such ! a site, we believe, can be easily obtained, at the rear of the Episcopalian Church, if the! patrons apply to. the Government in time. When it is admitted that a school-house in the vicimtv of the creek would be liable to grave objections on account, of the danger of children being drowned, it is only rea sonable to supjHJse that, in the event of no well being dug, it would only be a mere trifle extra for the schoolmaster to have to pay for having the requisite quantity of ; water conveyed a moderate, instead of a i short distance. Those advocating a site near the future recreation ground do not seem to take into account the objectionable nature of the soil ia that locality. We need hardly remind the friends of the National School move ment that the principal portion of the race course is conjjposed of masses of a species of ironstone la^a, on br just beneath the sur face, with% substratum of clay which pre vents the absorption of moisture and tends to keep tfye surface in at condition more con genial to the growth of frogs than the health or comfort of children. The recreation ground, if vested in private trustees for the public \>enefit, would probably be fenced in and let, as a revenue could thus be de rived which would soon pay the cost of fencing, and materially improve the condi tion of our streets ultimately, if judiciously expended. In that event, the reserve would be comparatively useless as a play-ground, except for any daring youngsters impervious to a wholesome fear of horned cattle or perhaps vicious horses. As to any indis pensable necessity for a well, once let the school be opened, and we doubt not that if it is then found absolutely requisite, the necessary expense may be met by private subscriptions. We shall now close this article with a brief notice of thfe National School at the Village of Peel, in the Bathurst district, extracted from the " Bathurst Free Press," and which-we recommend to an attentive perusal from the value of the suggestions contained in it: PEEL NATIONAL SCHOOL.-A few weeks ago the patrons of this school, in accordance with circulars sent round, held a meeting at the school-house. About half a dozen of the parents of children attending the school were present. After the treasurer had read a statement of receipts in the shape of sub scriptions and expenditure in connection with the school, the proceedings were opened by the patron deciding that for the future the school fees of the Peel National School shall be as follows, viz.: children under six years of age, 6d. per week; under ten years of age, 9d. ; -,and 'bver ten, Is. No family will be charged more than 2s. per week, and any number of children can be sent for that sum. The fees must be paid whether the children attend or not. It was also agreed, in order to retain our schoolmaster, who I am informed sent in his resignation some months past, that before tiie removal of any child from the school one week's notice must be given, or one week's payment. Upwards of 50 chil dren attend the school at present. THERE seems to be a good deal of apathy amongst the people of Armidale in refer ence to taking any active steps towards getting the <£500 voted last session for re pairing the road from Armidale to Grafton speedily and properly expended. This ap pears to be chiefly owing to the want of practical acquaintance with those spots on the Grafton road where the greatest diffi culties exist, and also a desire to avoid any blame that might follow an inadvertent ex penditure of the money. We were in hopes that the settlement of the subject in a definite form would have been discussed at one of the late meetings, but such was not the case; and now, as time presses, we must take the liberty of again impressing upon the public mind the urgent necessity of taking active steps in this cause without delay. We have hesitated to take a lead ing part in this then\e, so far as details are concerned, simply because we have never I been alons; the liri'e W Grafton, and of course I . i 1 cannot speak so positively of the state of various parts of the road as if we had been enabled to examine the line personally. However, we have the testimony of intelli gent men who have travelled a good deal on the line to supply our own deficiencies. They are generally agreed that the two main difficulties are-the narrowness of the road through the Scrub, and a very bad crossing-place at Blick's River. The Scrub is well known to be a belt of rich alluvial soil covered with gigantic cedar trees, while between the trunks of the iatter the vines that are common tov such localities grow in such luxuriance as to form a dense network which must be cleared away with the axe before any person can penetrate through it. We understand that at the point where the present road crosses it, the Scrub is about three quarters of a mile wide, and that the track hitherto used could only be cleared] some 20 or 25 feet wide in consequence of! the smallness of the sum originally spent upon the undertaking. The Jail cedars the thick undergrowth-and the narrow clearing-all combine to keep the sun's rays from ever acting on the thin strip of rich alluvium, through which the drays iiiust be dragged by main force, with the certainty of being repeatedly bogged, and at the imminent risk of meeting with cap sizes ind other casualties. To add to its other disadvantages, the Scrub is a lonely spot for a break-down in, as either wheel wrights or blacksmiths are scarce in that locality. Practical men assert that the evils of the Scrub might be reduced to a mere trifle if the road were only cleared-say 60 feet wide, so that the rays of the sun could have free access to the earth and keep the siirface at least tolerably dry, instead of the track bei|ig always a bog with the nuisance of numetyus roots attached, through which a dray staggers and rocks like a ship in a heavy sea. Now, the remedy just sug gested is a simple matter, and no lengthy specification is requisite to any parties willing to tender for widening, the present road to a breadth of at least 60 feet, by clearing away all timber and brush stand ing or fallen, and levelling all stumps with the surface-from one extremity of the Scrub to the other. Anxious to make a step forward in the matter, we hereby invite tenders for the above undertaking, and wish that one or ^nore may be sent in to the " Express" office assobn as possible. The tenders to be subject to approval by the Government, and the proper perform ance of the work to be certified by the Surveyor or othgf party appointed by the I Government, belpre the last 50 per cent, of the sum should 'Jje dfawn. The first 50 per cent, might ( be paid as the work pro gressed, and if this Is desired by any one tendering, he sliohld mention it at first. Mr. Hargrave will soon be back from the M'Leay, and as/that gentleman has pro mised to use his best endeavours with the Government in recommending the imme diate acceptance of a fair offer, we shall have pleasure in hintling him any tenders we may receive before his departure for Sydney, of if not got ;until afterwards, we shall send theni down by the first post, addressed to bis care. The projected ciauseway at Blick's River is a subject hardly so simple as the fore going, except to parties who are well con versant with the locality. We are informed that the waters df this river rush with some impetuosity through a narrow gorge until they debouch in' a wider bed, and the force of the current suddenly becomes much less. This is the part pointed out as the most favourable for the erection of a causeway. Those residing near ^Blick's River will doubtless recognise the .spot, which we be lieve to be in the neighbourhood of the pre sent crossing-place. Stones beingnumerous in the vicinity of the proposed dam or causeway, it is suggested that a number of tiers of the largest be laid down at the top and also at the bottom of the causeway, and neatly built in, so that floods, however strong, may have little opportunity to dis turb the foundation. The causeway should be forty feet wide at the baseband the walls at the side ought to be tapered off upwards, to allow the water to pass over swiftly, and with as little obstruction as possible. The main body of the causeway might be filled in with large stones, and shingle, and per haps flat stones iitjnly bedded in tenacious clay would form the best upper-crust, if the j stones were large and carefully placed toge ther at the upper side of the dam, where the force of the water would have the greatest power. Blick's River, after heavy rains, we are told, falls quickly to a certain [ level, at which the water often remains for many days. This seems to.be about waist deep, which, owing to the strength of the current, rendeVs it dangerous, if not im possible, to attempt fording the river; a weary delay, therefore, ensues. A cause way of a moderate height, and built with such solidity* as to resist heavy floods, would, it is considered, render Blick's River passable for drays except on extra ordinary occasions. Any tenders (sent in on the same principles as those above mentioned) might contain al^the particulars usually enumerated to*, a upa&ifieation;, and certainly this plan would save time-of which there has been far too much lost already., We trdst that what we have just written will not fall wholly under dim eyes or be moped over by nerveless minds postponing till to-morrow anything that should be done to-dav. For mentlis" past the sum of £.r)00, voted for the Grafton road, has been lying idle in the Treasury, and for the want of its expenditure traffic has been im peded, property has been damaged, drays have been strained and nearly torn asunder, bullocks have broken their hearts, and drivers have had to yell away their lungs until there was hazily: a^screech left, in the dark recesses of .thejpedar Scrub;-and; drivers have had to wait, too, on the banks of Blick's River like ghosts at the Styx -vainly.1 wishing for a Charon to help them over. Let us all remember the great value of the Grafton road last winter, and imagine how much more useful it would hare been with a f«w judicious repairs. In the event of a drought next season (which is not im probable) the Grafton line would have to be used extensively, if there were half-a-dozen Scrubs and a dozen Blick's Rivers upon it. After the trouble our representatives had to obtain this £500, of what earthly use would it be to ask Government for any fur ther sum before expending that already granted ? But, let the ice be once broken, and we^oubt not that additional amounts will be successively granted, until Razor back, Billy's Hill, the Nimboi, and tbe Urarra, shall have been taken up in detail, and the Grafton toad assume its proper im portance as one of the main thoroughfares of the colony. 