\- LONDON SOCIETY FOR PROMOTING CHRISTIANITY AMONGST THE JEWS. r The annual meeting of the Tasmanian Auxiliary of this Society was held on I Wednesday evening, in the Temperance Hall; the Rev. Dr. Browne in the chair. The meeting was rather. thinly attended. After singing a hymn, and prayer by the Rev. A. Stackhouse, The Chairman said he had taken the chair in the absence of any lay gentleman who might have been present for the pur pose. lie had particular opinions as re garded the subject which had assembled them, but they didilnot affect the operations of the Society; and be could not under stand how any Christian masi could refuse to co-operate with a society whose object was to convert a people to whoa the Christian world owed such great privilegeb. There might be a difference of epiion as to the time and manner in which the des tiny of the Jewish race might be fulfilled; but none as to the final result. When they looked at the reflex Influence which.the operations of the Society exercised-when it was remembered that the Jews were seattered through the nitions of the earth -and that a vast number lived in Ma hommedaia countries- it was obvious that a mission to the Jews might furnish the means of reaching other races, else inac cessible; such indeed had been the case in Turkey, where the Missionaries had been able to address the lalaomanmedans, and even persons of rank. Thnus an additional reason was supplied for sustaining the So ciety. 1le could say (for tie had travelted) from his own experience-and be said it with sorrow-that it seemed to him the greatest obstacle to success was raised by the professors of Christianity themselves. In the East, the Christian religion as there professed by the Roman Catholics, and the Greek and Armenian churches, created an I umafavourable uimpression, anal their onpnr-] stitions could not do otherwise. Even a Protestant professors too often exercised a a hail influence. In Constantinople indeed, there were Christians who had shown a better example. But to look at home. It was chillini that any missionary object I should have failed in Launceston to have I brought together no better audience. There ] was evidently something wanting; and he left the circumstance to the consideration ] and reflection of Christian people. The Secretary, the Rev. A. Stackhouse, read, amongst other extracts, the following froma the carnual report: rIn presenting the following abstract of thel Report of the Soeinty's operations during the past year, we would first just say aword a or two respecting its income and expendi ture. The former is larger than it has ever a yet been, exceeding that of 1856 by £2411 a and this increase has been brought about by t the united exertions of all the friends of the Society, for not only do the annual subscrip tions, donations, and collections show in fit crease, but our associations also, anad this is the more gratifying, as It may very fairly be taken as an index of asi improved state of feeling throughout the country towards the C Society, and Cle cause. .c s. d. I The gross receipts for thel year amount to.......0.... 2,200 5 :, The expenditure to......... 90,097 0 4 The Irish Auxiliary shears a further in crease of about .£400 ; being a total increase lis two years of La100. t About 40,000 Old and New Testaments, c books, and missionary tracts have been is saied. and about 80,000 printed during the last year. 'Tun stae nf alan varinais Mhissieon, of which your Socenty lice twventy-sevena tauva-t rions parts of the world, is decidedly en couroging. It is true that there has not been a large number of baptisms recorded a but this is by no means a correct standard, by which to estimate either the extent or a the value of the work, particularly among t the Jews ; for while some of the baptized a Jews have fallen away, numbers are deterred from a public profession of Christian faith, by a dread of the consequences a and whlaile 0 as before God we dare not seek to excuse I this, still as men we must deal gently and I speak tenderly of such a for we sincerely be- I lieve, that were the reality of the professiona of sue congregations to be tested by the ] same amount of persecution, which inevita bly awaits the Jewish convert on his re nouncing Judalsm, the results would be far more discouraging. But whatever judgment may be formed upon the number of baptisms, there can be no doubt of the immense revolution which I the Jewish mind generally has undergonn i a its feelings towards Christinaity, and Its ac- I quaintance with it, by means of the mis sionary efforts of your Society. And we I must suppose that our faithful God had in verted all tils usual, and me might acy, uni form mode of operation, if In due time such appearances should not be followed by a large result of blessing. It is evident, too, fronm the present report, that while your Society's Income Is larger than In any preceding year, the actual work I done is also considerably augmented. The 1 correspondence of the last year, as a whole, discovers more vigour than before, and re vents marn extended labour, espeeilaly ii thl eay of colportoge ; and we trust all our mlssionaries will seek grace, not only to maintain, but to Increase the present amount of effort. A Jew remarked a little while ago, that whereas tre have succeeded In shaking the confidence of nacny in their Judaism, we have not attailed our object In making them decided Christians. This, meant of course as a reproach, and by no menus generally true, still reads to us and our missionaries a solemn lesson. Mere human argument may inform and even con vince the understanding 1 It may do more than encourage unbelief and produce scepticism a but the Holy Ghost alone can bless the soul with failth and lovan, nd enable the heart to feel the transforming efiency of the saving truth of tene Gospel. Ilow ahould the prayer be unceasing with ias all a Spirit of our God, breathe upon these slain, thant they naay lien." We recale t your recollection for one moment the great achlevement recorded in our report this year, of ajourney Into Arabia by your missionary Stern. It Is sagnally owing to the grace and goodness of God that Ian naiceneieIa in lhat Cniost ardaioasenterprlse. anaa thin Ian humnbly end thaaakfaally nbacknow leimes. W~e may wenli feel tlhat If Clint laud liena almoist Clan naly effort of air yeor, sue Soelety mnualal base beena Clan aeaans aif ue eeamialistalag ian object weorila Its eulsteciac lar, Sctackhoaaao also rcat tela fotnowing: TothlaneFria'anis afleraael, aiada Coairnaaiiuora ta thie Loadoai Sacieiti, ini ''ismaniauiii. Socelty's tiaaiie, me, Lisnolia', mnn FIelds, 1W. C., Laiadona, June, tO57. Ilsan IEmaenas,-Yoaa have eguis fnr searieat to uso a large remittanace far alhn cause of Isrinel. For this o en arinmat a thanakful; abut ainre especiohly fec Clan in ereased mntcrest whialeh Is felt mnaaeag ynoa on behail faaGoat's niaclent pepe Ooervwork naironraging an oia et netsiaiah aid goin airs mar 0 leanriselchered byiagadinshatanaeesof Clan ens n erstona nf Israel Itin by Clan necetuel ersce of Ge d. 'Tan abstruet of our Velaort will fully shaw thast tela Lord Isainot lnaviaag oar work It without His testimony ; ,while we regaird it' as His merclful encourogement, that-your selves and, others take a ideeper Interest in our great and holy object, and willingly n throw your prayers and contributions into n this deportment oflobour lin thu Lord's viune yard. Wo are led to hope that you will before long establish an effbetive auxiliary; and it will be particularly gratllylog if our n coming Jubilee year is marked by such a stovement anoang yourselves. evidencing strong sympathy wsiths us, though lin a far edistant lang. Wndo not extend our remarhss,'1 i as the report speaks for itself, and its con \- eluding observations refer to those points which it seemed most necessary to notice. 1 Praying the Lord to bless your efforts on behalf of the children of Abraham very largely, for the advancement of your own spiritual life, and that of all those who slabour with you in this Interesting work, We remain, Dear Friends, Yours most truly in Christ Jesus, C. J. GoonsiAnr, 1 Secretaries IL L LAYAsD. J The Rev. C. Price moved the following i resolution ; That while this meeting desires thankfully to acknowledge the goodness of God in so graciously sestaining the resources and bies sing the laborsof the Socetey. it also recognises ý tbs imperative duty of the friends of Israel I earnestly to prmy the Lord of the harvest to send forth more laborers into this field of I arduous effort. Mr. Price observed there were ten millions of Jewascottered amongst different nations. To every Christian they were an interesting people; the names recorded in their history were thu names of meen the most illustrious the world had seen. It was to the descendants of these mgn that the Society sought to communicate the gospel aind it had been found that as the Jews advanced in the knowledge of the New Testament, they saw more clearly i that it was the explanation - the fulfilment r of their own scriptures. Those scriptures had been disfigured and disguised by rabbinical commentaries. It was the effect of the Noew Testament to clear away those disguises-to remove eheveilwhich covered a the eyes of thu people of Israel. It waeuu the bushiness of the society to bring the better light of the gospel to bear upon the Jewish mind. But a living embodiment of Christianity was needed, and that did not exist in the r Roman, Greek, and Armenian Churches. That obstacle needed to be removed first. The arrival of Mr. Sterm amongst the Jews of Arabia Felix had been attended by good results, because in hie they saw a I living example of Christian kindness-of f kindness to which they had been strangers; t and the thirsty land eugarly drunk in the water of life. In other pilces the spirit of rationalism, deism, and worldliness, was o giving way before the gospel. But the t resolution also referred to the subject of prayer for more laborers. The Society claimed the aid of every church, because it was able to do for all the work which alone they could not do. The Rev. J. Lindsay seconded the reso lution, and said it wasusatisfactoty to knowse that the meeting, if not strong in number, u was on the righit side. He had no doubt i that the horticultural Gordon and the 1 Italian opero had attracted larger eusli- h eices: but lie believed the present meet- a ing was one well pleasing to God; it was c a movement o0n else side which Paul had c taken when he devoted so large a portion of his writings to the cause of the Jews. It was only fifty years ago that the Church woke up to a sense of its duty to the Jews, and establilshed the Society. In Scotland the - movomsnt was 5o yeors later. Yet durinn that fifty years ar great deal' of work had been done. IHe believed there were now fifty Jews who had been converted preaching now in the Church of England; ten or twelve in the Church of Scotland; perhaps r one hundred altogetheregagedin speaking the word; that was at the rate of two eacht year of the Society's existence-a result e in itself sufficient even if there had not been an immensity of work performed besides. No ordinary qualifications were required in a missionary to thee Jews, It was a sad reflection that the people to whom the gospel was first preached should s still need its blessings; the Christian world was under thedeepestobligationetothe Jews ° and the Bible through them; they were the debtors of the Jews, nud the only way It which the debt could be repaid was to a communicate back again to the Jews the u gospel of Christ. The Rhv. J. Cope supported the resolu. tion, which was unanimously adopted. The Rev. G. B. Smith expressed his regret that so little interest appeared to be manifested by the Christian public in the Society. It owed very much to the respected Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. Stackbouse; and it was to be hopsed that wouli lead others to consider what they could do by individual exertions in their several spheres. For himself lie felt that hos had done little more than pray for the success of the Society ; lie might have done more perhaps, but lie found it a task sufficiently difficult and painful to arouse Christian people to a sense of the duty ofosusttining the cause. The resols. tion lIe had to move was as fillows Tiht this Soclety being about to enter on Its fiftieth year of misussonry lobor,this moeoting feels that it'feriends and supporters will gladly embrace such an occasion thankfully to review the meretes vouchsefed by the God of Abrahams i during this long period, ond to celebrate thel arrival of Its year ofjstlteo-a periud peculiarly t associled witht the Iislory of that peottine whosei t spiritul welfare it seeks, and prophetic of that i ecomisse nory wltls seistel Iseacl's future is 50 intimately bound up. Ile had seen it asked by a correspondent in a local newspaper shy Christians tookle such ani interest in the Jews? lie would reply that the Jews were contemplstet by Christians with feelitgs certainly of kind. tess and affection, and they labored for their conversion is heirs of the same sal vation offered in a gospol which was first treached Is itue .Jns: they dId so slnum It tess Christ's conmanstdmsent, and Cthe examloll of Isis spooltes; ansI obove nll, becasiseof lisa loeu they borethselr bretisress thse Jeses (nplslause). Thte rev. gulaontotim conscsdcsd Ihis reisarks by an earnstoa np. peal to else dutly of Cisriattans In connec tion twiths tlse Society. 'Tse IRes. WV. Lose seconsled tisc rasout lit so ilsotit anij obsteratlons, anl it tens The lievr. irm1snl oved thin folloswiog renolutloon 'riot ltshissmeotfng recognists Ilhe groat stnee siwoys ontsting of siso lnereasse of foibh sssd Isrsyer stis sove Its till sthno mecossustisg o 5sII5porting Ito opserttonos of ilso Soeklty.nstehll us his lis ssshsstonssies witsoaro esnonosh Its its lnterostssng Ist ofton oit~tr eyne Clo d of inshar, noeld esroestly lnvitos ltst sus plcal 005 of use Chrislian chsueeh oni Isis beh snl Swlslcl was secoonsld by tho Bet'. II. u Dosying, wbo ieferted 1o the lolcersehting I account given by the Society's missionary \- to Arabia Felix, the Rev. Mr. Stern. -At t the request of the reverend gentleman we extract the following portions of AIr. Stern's speech, delivered at the last annual meeting of the Society in Exeltr Hll: I heleove there is no cause advocated an this platform, that meets with morn hostility and opprsition-modre censure and calumny-msoe wit nant sation, titan thot which yout are slaw assembled to prnmnrte-antd vet I irelieve (sani I hovn had abundant experience in the mlto alorraary fold) that there is no cause more pre. nafrt with good results. more successful in its aeihiorertemnts, ndan ore prosperouts In its opera tire., thin thits of the Losndont Soetety for pro. moting Christianity amongst the Jews. I have now bees a miasionary for nearly fourteen years. end I thave during that period boeet laboring in what may be termed untried and unprepared Melds brt I can asxurr this oserm and fot no paloes my efforrts. sorder God. mithout streenss In P'errilenrd is Arabia, there are vast number, of anews who feel the trrden of sin, sari secretly trorts fur parorrnr ond salvaotin in tire otring biood af tho I.nmb. It ntis happy country, where the broad tells of freedom iseexterted sover on enlightened peopie. It isr diffieuit to realian tre snufeting and misery to which those are reduced who lire in llohnm medan countries, and are bound in the adaman tine fetters of intolerance. I have seen vast numbers of Jews, whose faltering voices so. l lemety dectarel Inorme thot they beilieed In Chtrist, end mere only deterred from making a pubtic profession of their faitrhi froam the feart that their adoption of Ith Gospel should Inducee their Mohammedan rulers to Inorce them into t Ire ereed nf tire Koran. I tuve heard Jews, niter convensing ith nilire mrlsiorrariea, eaciaim, " What shall we do? we know end are con. vinced that Christianity is only fully developed Judiasm, but if we embrace the Gospel the little we possess will be wrested from u,-our laes. which are at present in continual jeopardy -will then he exposed to imminent danger. if I not to certain death." 'T'hroughout the wide- t spreoding dominions of the East, whorever the missionary goes, he meets with a errdial recep tion eda ihetty welcome. I hare lately.es I beforo ebserved hoene in Araobia Ftells, ondI ran assure you that if ever anyathing convinced my heart anrd mind ithat the day Is not for dis tant when the tradiltions of men will be super- c ceded by the truth of God, and the darkness of t superstition by the light of the Gospel. It was a oyrcception In thrat country by bath the Jews end tire Allsiammedona. TOhe first ptnce I reached was a 'Mohammedan village. I entered a reed-built cottage in which upwards of twenty Mnhammedans were assembled. They looked at me for some time; and although I was a dressed in the IMlohammedan fashion. yet these Arabs immediately found orrt that I was not a person belonging to the country. The convey sation turned on religion, and during the nwrnle day I was engaged it explaining to these wild inhabitants of the desert tire elementary truths of eur holy religion. Four days after my de parture from that pince I reached a rillage inhabited by Jews. I had been travelling bare. foot, without shoes or stockings. exposed con. f tirnully t" a fierce sun by day, and Ile cold c winds of the mountains by night, and freqerntly h wirthont tire necesarisnolef suhsisieeee. lVle,, I urised Itthis villagee rthe Jewsis iorst andl women came round me and immediately offered a their services, and rithat was their reason for so a doing? They saw that I had come among tiuom to sympathise with them in their sulfoerngs. and to tell them of those glorious and wanderful w things which are still it. reserve for Israel no a nation and people. During the whole of the first evening the house Its which I resided was crowded with Jews. The next day thes asked rm r to eccomptny them to the synagogue, where a I was requested to explain to them the glorious a trus to which I had alluded in rey canrersatlen t during the preceding night; and I arn assure a you. that If they had been Christians-frlalowers of the meek and lowly Jless-thuy could rota have hung upon my IIp with greater attertirone and interest. In tia neat lown to which we came, the Jews immediately assembled, and nave me a ready welcome. They mere arton ished to see a man coming amongst them dressed like n itotrammedan, who yet did not c believe the Koran. whorwas not n Jew, anrt yet c know the Jewish language. Tbey inquiredri nhat was my relgiglre-whet mas my relief.J My guide Iron rrreudy told them enorreh. bat th~ey wsra otawtsrasrd, end-fur suvurat hourr. 1 remained preaching the everlasting Gospel to their hungry and thirsty souls. From a that place I proceeded to a large town in one of v nhe most considerable districts in Arabia Nuells. A great number of itohnrwmedans crowded around me. whilst the Jews waited at ira door., not being aliowed it, comre into ila house unti i than" were gone. They eaamined the New Tastoment and the books which I had with me with the greatest delight. 1 proclaimed at their own request thr truth as iixIs In Jeus toa vast nurnber of followers of the frlse prophet, before the mosque. The next place I arrived at was Saran, the largest town in Arabia Felix, which a had not been visited by any Christian for years and ypars. 1 sent my Jewish guide in nadvance. Ite went to the synagogue, and told the Jews thit la great rabbi rod came, mwra was proclaim irrg thre Mlessiahr that threy hrad so langdesplsed and rejected. I expected that my guides on nouncement would deter the Jews from recell Ing mo. But. on tra contrary, when I came near tie g95ea, a vast trumber of people were standing autsilde ready to welcome me with a cheerful salaam. The rabbi himself, with the tenderness of a father, said, Yon are wioeme to Sarrtea meythouse Is oporn to yea, andriesery Jew trill receive you, because youaaympatheise wi harrd lore tire preople to whairm yau bare come to ptrocairm tire tirtlngs of salvaltion." 1 wenrt i the house Of that Jewish rabbi, nrdr vast numbers of the Jews immediately assembled earund me; its fact, the louse was so crowded that tire hrst was compelled to bar the drar to prevent the multitude from becomrig toa great and oppressive. to those who did gain admit lance (aed lireir namber eteecried eseeral hrar plav of Gad, revealed in our redemptian, deeply affected them, and many a lnggord cheek was wet sith tears, and many a heart throbbing with unwonted emwiorns, whilst I addressed them. They renrnlned in the house untlripout twelve o'clock. I was now quite worn out with talkinig. ranrt of fooad, anrd tire goeiea reared try toy bleerlirg feet. Ply friends noticedr thins, andir rsanrly rhey provided me with a supper, cutrssitting of meiled rutter and breend. I was not nlloeed to use my own hands, for those close to me considered it quite an honor to put meorsel after mnorael into my mouth. Subse quontly rev barrhs arriseri at Sonan, oili. a caravan. Their nrrleal caused a great deal of nriso and exciterent. The tilulrhs said 'These books are inrendcd to subvert our roll glorr-tor Jewa niru already brgitnnrintoe Iareeive tlire Ooorel-.olat trill breeree rrf us if thins Na-rt eoreno-hirs follower of Jesus. is allowed to go rn?" The governor was alarmed for my safety, and commrnded that I should trot venturo into the streets; but I haio Imbibed some Of the Arab habits, and would not remain confined in the khan, rnil rr secretly made my wiry n ther Jeeih syngogerre, lne Ire e of wurship wan rf conrsirderablr stun, hrut soaenyry wore threy oill in hear, thtrl not rnr unoccupied spot could te seern. 'iry all (rurr err my lips. anr with arridity d runr bt the wio rdrrr as rtrey foil froot. my medar. iroless irrterfered, arrd rlrey were Ia frrrmerl tirat ifuany Gospels were recesled by irem. lihen sholrrgi smart tror their dliairediernce. -i1eny af tire JYwse catera rto e, arrd elih leave it. th.ir eyes ashen rae ite threy wero to act. I felr tconsdurtble dileaty, ad to ahe r o otth a rur gurdrdtrrredirt"'ts."p wor o ita enontr unrrd mill serrr too the Joelish ittabhls, atnd usk rrem lbrrro tr.'syllien sert faritho in irel linirbis. They~ come. and hr8 my presenec deeturod tiate thtose o aurLrd max rrrthirrg else brrl tire roligiar. of Ol rres tand tire proiriets fisily urd saidr as Yrourbnobsoke goodr nire roe a rPy. r thirhat oerralty tiro eery arromleesat benorm ray inst friends, adac t ok li t.. I most remreno tiate L£tutattuenaare mtre rlnmhrn Li r~l0) inn ianmdorn. because itha treutt Ihore ore eacearlirrly peer. mnn - lir irawu oroicinernress anrd misery. You roe scearceiy *forte ory ideu af unhei coeditien. if sea artier g any Jewish rouse, yau will bninold povennty atnd wretchedness beyond the power of description. 't'hese poor pteople are awfully oppressed.' 'The awis the object of conttinued inuIt anod op. pression, if he passes through the streets, the very beggars may knock him down, and he date u asnosruo to resn life Jesuit. lHe is venc hino alleecd to cullt oahioamedon by his true nume, but In addressing him must give him the title. ily Lord." 't'ese people notwith. standing their wretchedness and Indigence. gladly parted with everything In their possession in order to obtain the gospel. containing the wssedarfoi, accontt or our redemption. Mty tinly at S9atanu Jutted twelve duys, snd doting itse whole of that period, although for six days I was a prisoner, and not allowed to leave my house, there was scarcely on hour int which 1 didt not receive vast numbers of .iriors. When I was about to leave Sonnan, is was of. fecting to see numbers of old men giving me a parting embrace, and savung with tears stream. Ing out of their eyes, " You leave us now, but you will nerer be forgotten by us-you have been kind to tst, and we shalil always cherishh ysrmemory-tee sitel neast tite books you itano leA, and may God's blessing accompany you swhaerver wao may go." I remwaned thee two sdays, and the Arabs were continually flocking around me, inquiring about my religion and lton Gospel I preached nnd they were delighted to hear that the religion of Jesus was a religion of such purity, love and holiness. The next village I visited was the chief town in Mount Harass. Hero the Jews had already been informed of the kind reception I had met with at Sanna, and animated by the same inm pulse, and ite same desire as their brethren in that place, they crowded around se, and cla marously entreated me to give them books. I gave tiasi nil I had with son, but had I pos sessed double the qutntity, not one would have remained unsought for. Here it may be asked, Why are the Jews in t[hoo distant countries more accessible than those who live under the direct intiuence of the Gospel? The answer is, obvious. The Jews in Europe know Chris. iosnily in Its corrupt farm-the Jews it Arabia know it under no form whatsoever. ilesides this, their long period of unmitigated sufferings i -their numerous palnful vicissitudes-have t impressed them with the cosniction that they I must he In error-that they must have forfeited the favor of a merciful God. 't'hus the mis sloonry who comes amongst them, and in the lssvguugeosf pity and compassion, prayer osnd 't entsreaty, sets before themn site truths fertn whibhds they tare so long deviated, may be sure to gct a hearty welcome, 'and have most willing andst aitentive audiences, It is .'ten said, my Lord,. that missionaries, when they go to the Jews, procinim a restoration and future glory of I Jerusalem; this is certainly not the case, for e what we preach is, ' repentance towards Goda. and a right faitlt in our Lord Jesus Christ, and t other sermons we don't preach-and other doctrines we don't declare. But I must leave Arabla, and just advert to the Crimea, which I vsuited lost year In site compassy of 1)re, ttlackwood. Lady Alicia, twe Chaplanlus, &c.;, I had a good number of New 'restamsnts, t Tssaels, Liturgies. &c.;, witli me, and my com- f piorions were all ,mated to see the Jews sthronguing aroutnd me, and payittg tire foill ipice far ithe baubs I had for sole, it woe Indeedt vory strtnge in that country, where the Jews t stoeneer seets unythinsg os all of true Chris. lionilly, whsere sthe telglgitt beftore their ayes Is a system of Idolatry, to witness a spirit of inquiry soreaditg amongst thesm, and contrars to their own inclination and desires, forcing them to say," Where is the good old path which we e and our fathers have so long ftrsaken." 'l'imo would foil me if I were to advert to Constsasn. tintple, where, blessed bo God, the instances of Individual conversion have been numerous and d mosst solisfasctory. I will josts allude ao one incidents. Wh'en I ranchese Constanstissople, one of the great nibbles in the East came to me, ansd said, " Mtr. Stern. will youaoromipany ma so ithe hsousesof lise Chief Itabbl?" Anad ausons asking ite oabject of the visit, he replied "I want you to explain to the Chocham iashee a tite caeas' of try quarrel sitill a pansy its my liooceommnittiy. I sasid. "if you lobe me, is will ":n doa os asy goad s an the contrary, year connscctiaa wish troe wilt thrum a hlind of suspicion over your character-it will create a prejudice against you." lie replied, "No, come with me, fosr I know that your words are credited more than ilsnre of my accusers, I 'tler, awat are cag cnlave of l the greatest t Jews in Coeessaninoplo asssembled its ite rabbi's trite, I Misthnst to te witt te groatest becuensce ant m-t1-t. o t t wsnnt' ea -,nrte ae bhelongingg to ony wort, hat the circ a ustace titans lisa diflleressi disiposition and f'eelintg per. I rading gtie Jeuss titsuht eastern meoloyolis t Itefare I left tloat city, oe nf theo riest rser chantsss said to, roe ansd a follaw-labstrer, '" Whty da you stt olen a m inions a, the J resma re oa e 451500 thJw k l tltmr you oaghst ta gno three, becoase you might do muschs aood." [.'hat man ite adsice given by tlo presldVast of site hAus. atriao Jhows at Constantinauie. I could go siosh you to iersiah Tuareoy, ansd Arabia- curas. ' trios amle sthe oart ofainilised romn its scarcly olve been seoen yet thragdsout those wide. spreading dominions, lia Jews are awakenting from toiur long sumber of sges, ad insquininsg e after tote goad oid psths. Vnast numbers hue already thrown noil te troditians of stheir fnne fmslkees-ibe nradiieons of tite 'almasi-and anst nusomers mare oare orly deterred from doing so by lisa taacilfcestnhici thiey would haroe t makbe, by the tesnder tics thesy woald chane to salve, by the persacaions ar d scon o wies hebili they mould e assated, u rem avowing tellu can. mnresins whichs tney senretly entertain. a oe hune onr bonds of dJebrew cenvnets in almost every town its the Last; net as is suppsedai frotm mons mess of eastrnditnlog its socety, alssuags God fsnohld tshat thsis should ever maike any dlit'rences oa'd estimation; the stul of tise bgarg i is as precious it the sight of Gid as tlise soal of the bttng as is throne I but to reale tsie se freqtetly reitrati ed cuarge, that osur aonertro re mot of ten respoecthilisy, t I cuts loll yea thsat eonr Ilebrew prsaoeylltes ore mens rmberset aod esteemed in the sytnagogae, men of piety and lerwoing, of desnahon anods woitness, these are your coonvrts, and these tioi tot es far Chsris and ste Gospel ht he shosea trobloe Isrtend of ease, and tie soliary anol humble garret instead of the hipy famsily ciecle. bain if oat rtris h ind mto itt no susccess, if we cassis stat stay thsat thsroughs ann st.ssotks twide braches sad been mnde It olia aeirosgl n rds of ihabis ism ; if we nould b oa n pisits te osse sinsgly cosnvest, as you htave alreadly t beeltsold we cea toes thousand' if nv coad mut emy that thtagh sthe agency thsisi S ociety vnest U others af Jews in Eratop nsi Its Asia hive been anaetned t it wooul d t hl be te dalt of every ann wio beienves in tsie records caries its rio martyred blood of ite Jest, to d eneryhing its Iws pans' so promaelthie spread of olia Goisel omong them . T'ion reoluion wens agreed to and a eel lecilon wva nade. 'rite proeocinge con chnidaid by ingin~lg a htymni. Mr. Staeklsiintm altd ie had tome cel lectlsng cards thchlietIt would be glad if any Indies would itae clharge of. Ile coulid snt but rcmark thiey altdougi the Socicty wns a Churcs of Jltaniid Scietyr tinoro wer notie of alt mmbers in town who hatook an aceti part intsr e asioiely' cauhe; aind the lag ertg aoutint of contribintion eavs re evesi fron w liir denomstintionle, wHI chumch so ntlit. iw ov longed in . ns fin sni that ~ heiae nrfreeivd eLt od pecraoeats iajonltn ton tutstuatin. Tha he hav.Mr 'Ilrninneoultie hadr iny decidedspi auviti toAningiraia. proae nc thavcvcr wllt enieom bay ia Itn. ioore. S utas, win linresoeivcd qecatotea apiii ito snel uncr. Ilnu.loy euth ajlrsyt Australian e o . Teln' r 