EXTRAORDINARY SURGICAL . OPERATION. (California Farmer, April 17.) A surgical operation of such rare de- licacy, coolness, and skill as the one we are about to record, and which has pro- bably not boen surpassed in the annals of surgery, was performed in this city (San Francisco) on Saturday, the 11th instant. The facts of the case are as follows :-About two months and a half ago a Mr. Beal, of Tuolumne county, had the breech-pin of a fowling-piece blown into his body while endeavouring to discharge the gun, which was rusty and overloaded. The breech-pin en- tered under the left arm, breaking a rib in its progress, and finally rested in the cavity of the chest beneath the heart, > where it remained during the time men- tioned, producing effusion and purulent secretion, until the cavity of the cheit was perfectly engorged. He had been treated for the wound, but with little or no relief, as the piece of metal still re- mained in his body, although it had been vainly searched for. In an almost dying state, his frame attenuated' and weakened, Mr. Beal was brought to San Francisco for treatment; but with scarcely a hope of re- covery. But being of the most deter- mined character he readily consented to suffer an operation, although informed before the operation could be completed, accordingly, his surgical attendant commenced by making an incision through the fleshy parts under the left arm, down the ribs, midway between the spine and the breast bone, for the dis- tance of four inches and a half. A transverse incision was then made, three inches long, commencing near the centre . of the former, and directly towards the ' breast bone. Portions of the sixth and seventh true ribs were removed with the saw, and, subsequently, part of the first ' false rib, when it was expected the metallic substance in the cavity of the chest would be readily discovered. This hope, however, proved delusive, as the probe was tried in vain to its full length, about five inches. The external wound j was then enlarged, _so as to admit the fingers, in the hope of ascertaining by > the sense of touch some sinus or opening leading to the metallio body, through which an instru- ment could be passed to ascertain - its location. The most patient and careful exploration failed to reveal any- thing although the fingers were repeat- edly passed about the heart in every direction. As a dernier ressort, a steel sound, nearly fourteen inches in length, was introduced, to the depth of about eleven inches, and the cavity of the' chest cautiously but thoroughly ex- plored, until the locality of the metal was ascertained beneath the heart It was most difficult to determine whether the foreign substance was really found, as the action of the heart constantly imparted motion to the instrument, which necessarily embarrassed the deli- ' cate exercise of the sense of touch; and the metal was so enveloped in the de- j posit of matter, or so covered np by the membranes/ that the sensation conveyed ' through the sound was more like that made when coming in contact with the bones than a loreign and metallic body, and required the exercise of a remarkable degree of coolness, patience, and courage. The breech-) pin was finally seized and extracted and the patient is now doing well, far) beyond what could possibly have, been expected under the circumstances, and I is most likely to recover. This magnifi- cent operation, which occupied one hour and a quarter in its performance, was the work of Dr. E. S. Cooper, assisted - bp Drs. A. B. Sheldon, Webster, and, others. It is most worthy of remark* that Mr. Beal suffered the whole of" this wonderful, dangerous, and'trying operation, without the use of oholoro- - form or ether, but firmly setting, his teeth endured the insufferable agony for the space of one hour and a quarter. Sometimes he would say, " Doctor, I can stand this no longer," when aL email quantity of brandy was administered to ^ keep him up, but otherwise he never gave a groan that could be heard across the room in which he lay. We certainly , consider this the most wonderful surgical t operation ever performed in this coun- try, and challenge a parallel elsewhere. SIGNS OF IGNORANCE. - According to the report of the Registrar General to Sir G. Grey, l just issued, we find amongst the"" marriage statistics, that during the year 1855, no less - than " 44,846 husbands and 62,672 wives made ' their marks." Out of the entire number ' of * men and women married (196,708) during tho above year, the proportion of those who could not sign their names was more than one-half. Are we to conclude, therefore, from this painful fact that, in England.it is only one man out1 or ©very two who can write? In Prussia,'we are told that every man and woman is enabled, by the system of compulsory education pursued there, to read and write. It would seem, then, that England is only half as well educated1 a» ' Prussia '-Lloyd's News, Aug. 9. _ All the members of the East India Company's. - civil service on lea\o of absence have, with the exception of the sick, been ordered to return forthwith. _ ' ' The Administrative Reform Association has - given up the ghost. It has been in existence ather more than two years. - '* 