MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS; A STATESMAN. (From a Volume of Sdmfets, \ published . by Alex- r ; 'atider Smith and Sydney Dobell.) Captain be he, my England, who doth know ' Not careful coasts, with inland welcomes warm; But who, with heart infallible, can go 'Straight to the gulfstreains of the . World, where; : blow' ; " The inevitable Winds,;. Let cockles swarm - ... TheJsouiided shores.'. He helms' Thee England? who, . Faced by the very Spirit of the Storm, Full at the phantom drives his dauntless prow I And tho' the Vision rend in racks of blo'od, " And drip in thunder from his reeling spars. The compass in his hand, beholds the flood : Beneath, o'er head the everlasting stars Dim thro' the gory ghost ; and calm in these, Thro' that tremendous dream sails on to happier seas. An American Marriage. — The Albany Journal says that a man of sixty-six years, named William Traux, was married a few days since in that city to a widow of twenty- five. The bridegroom had a family of eleven children,- the bride only one. The sum of .1000 dollars -per annum was settled by the bridegroom upon the bride, and 50 dollars . per annum up >n her child. After the mar riage ceremony had been performed the bride groom proceeded to an hotel with some of his male friends, where , the marriage was cele brated with a supper. &c.; Big friends then left, he staying behind to pay the bill. He was unable, however; after leaving the hotel, to find his residence, and was finally taken to the station-house, where he'remained all night, and in the morning was conducted by an offi cer to the residence of. his-bride. Murder ofan Officer— A young officer- Ensign M 'Carroll- -of the 44th Regiment, stationed at Walmer Barracks, has been mur dered. " Mr." M 'Carroll, it appears, called after midnight on Saturday morning at apnblic house kept by a man named Baker ; Mrs. Baker- went to the door, and, in answer to' his request refused to serve him with liquor, whereupon the ensign, partly intoxicated pro bably, struck 'her with his cane. Baker, in censed at this assault on his wife, inquired of a coast guardsrnan which way the officer had gone, and having procured a weapon of "Some kind pursued him. The ensign was found next morning lying on the beach with his skull fractured, and insensible, in which state he continued till he died, at nine o'clock the same morning. Baker is in custody. : A curious instance of how some things are managed in 1 urkey has jnst occurred. To re lieve the sufferings of the inhabitants of the island of Rhodes, victims of an earthquake and of the terrible explosion of a large quantity of gunpowder, the Sultan sent them a present of 400,000 piastres. In passing from hand to hand this sum was so reduced that only 18,000 piastres reached the island, and this sum was handed over to the primates to buy their silence, so that the suff rers for whom the money was intended got nothing at all The story seems incredible, but is nevertheless quite true. 