NATIONAL EDUCATION. No. 5. To the Editor of the Sydney Morning Herald. SIR-We intend in this letter to examine and remark upon the difficulty which has so obstinately stood in the way of a general system of National Education, and which has been termed by your correspondent " A and others, the "religious difficulty." We do not think that it makes much difference, as to the real point at issue, but a wrong name being sometimes very injurious to a cause in the estimation of those who only look at the surface of things, it is well to premise that we think this a misnomer. We believe that the Christian religion is in no way to blame for this difficulty, and that if it were taught only on the principle involved in St. Paul's reply to the Phüippian jailer, this obstacle to legislation would have no existence. Supposing this difficulty to arise from the mere fact of the Christian world being divided into sects or denominations, each claiming an exclusive possession of the truth, this difficulty should be called the sectarian difficulty. But looking at the state of society a little closer, and finding, as we think we 1 do, that the great body of the people forming these sects have done very little either in opposing or impeding the adoption of a general scheme of education, on a basis suited to the wants of the country, and that the real obstructionists have been found among the clergy, might it not with propriety be called the ecclesiastical difficulty ? We would premise, further, that if a tithe of that charity which is inculcated by St. Paul were exercised by the professors of Christianity, this difficulty would not stand in the way of anything really beneficial to our common humanity. Now many persons who acknowledge the desirableness of a general system of National Education, resist the adoption of one, when it is offered, for the sake of some point of religious belief, which does not in the least affect the children who are to be benefited by the proposed education. Such persons do this, as we think, from a bigoted intolerance of other people's faith, refusing to concede to others that liberty of conscience which they claim for themselves. We take up the consideration of the religious ele- ment in education with very great reluctance, as we consider such a subject scarcely suitable for the columns of a newspaper. We are not of those who think the cause of religion is promoted by controversies of this nature, but as certain misrepresentations have been made by your correspondent "A. as to the nature and amount of religious instruc- tion given in National Schools, we consider it a duty we owe to the public to expose his misstatements. At the same time we desire to approach the subject with reverence, and treated with that seriousness which it demands. I I " A." charges the National system with being irreligious." " A's" statements are throughout so - distorted and ambiguous, that it is impossible to decide whether in this case he means totally destitute of religion, or only partially so. If he means the latter, we can only say that it is a failing which the National system shares in common with every human institution, and with some which, while professing to do much more, really achieve far less. But if "A." means the former, we can only express our regret: that, with every means at his disposal fora^ttiníig"' correct information, as to the nature and extent off the" religious instruction given in National Schools, he should have publicly exhibited such a lamentable amount of ignorance on this very important point. How he could possibly arrive at such a conclusion, we, as well as others, are at a loss to conceive. In National Schools a certain amount of w ill-defined scriptural instruction is given. Let us enquire how much ? Our Lesson Books treat of the Creation, the Fall of Man, Original Sin, the Promised Messiah, the Covenant with Aoraham, the Moral Law, the Prophets of Israel. From the New Testament, we have the Nativity, Life and Ministry, Death and Resurrec- tion of our Saviour; with an account of His Ascension into heaven, and the descent of the Holy Spirit, as contained in Luke's Gospel, and the Acts of the Apostles. It is true we have no Catechism, but the sublime duties of Christian love and charity are set forth by the precepts and example of Him by whom we all hope to be redeemed, and by the "General Lesson," which contains the very essence of Christianity in the briefest and simplest language, and which is taught to every child without distinction. We have the authority of the Bishop of Sydney for saying, that this course embraces all that is necessary for the well-instructed Christian child to know. Listen to his own words. " The selection of portions. of scripture suitable for Advent, the Nativity, Death, and Resurrection of Our Lord, His Ascension and the sending of the Holy Ghost, will, in a short compass, give a complete history of man's redemption, and an exposition of the Christian hope, in such a course hardly any event will be omitted which it is necessary that the well-instructed Christian child should know." Seo Sydney Morning Herald of April 23rd, 1857. What says " A. to this Will he venture to dispute At authority ? We scarcely think so. That part of the religious instruction left incomplete must be finished by the pastor or clergyman ; it is his duty. If he is a religious teacher at all, he cannot divest himself of so sacred an obligation. As a faithful shepherd, he cannot feed the sheep, yet neglect the lambs of the flock of Christ. No one is so well fitted for this delicate office as he since specially called to the work. Listen to the Bishop of Sydney on this head : " There can be no question that every clergyman ought to provide special religious instruction for those young members of his flock who do not attend the Sunday school. He might meet the females at one hour, and the youths at another ; the former on a week-day, the latter, if practicable, on Sunday. A clergyman without these Bible classes can hardly be said to comply with the Saviour's command - * Feed my lambs.' * Tide Lecture to Sunday-school Teachers," Sydney Morning Herald, April 23,1857. As " A." seems to be particularly well acquainted with the Denominational Schools, perhaps he will inform us if they give more religious instruction than we do, even supposing them to call in the Catechism as an auxiliary. Or supposing this amount of religious instruction to be given in Denominational Schools, is " A." prepared to say that any spiritual good results from it ? We pause for a reply. We have very strong grounds for believing that the unreasonable opposition raised against us by " A." and his class, arises in a great measure from their mis- taken notions as to the relative position and duties of the clergyman and schoolmaster. We hold that the professions are totally distinct, and whilst the duties are not antagonistic, they are quite separate. It is well known that in England many of the clergy assume the right to control the schoolmaster in all he does, and the result is, that not a few of the ablest teachers quit the profession in disgust. An eloquent writer on education has remarked, " If public education is to be supported as it ought to be, the position accorded to the schoolmaster will be one of legitimate independence." We believe that the people of this colony are willing thus to recognise the faithful and efficient teacher, and not to regard him as the clergy- man's underlying, so significantly indicated by the Bishop of Sydney, in a speech to the clergy in February last, where he speaks of the clergyman and HIS schoolmaster," like his ox, his ass, or anything I that is his, we suppose. We were not a little gratified to learn from your columns, a short time ago, that the clergy of the Church of England, in the colony of Victoria, have taken, as we think, a very enlightened view of this matter. The following extract from the report of the " Committee on Education," read at the Church of England Conference in Melbourne, and adopted by that assembly almost unanimously, speaks for itself. " The schoolmaster, as such, is not a teacher of religion. It forms no part of his ordinary duties to discuss those questions of doctrine and of church government which have divided Christians. A man may be an excellent schoolmaster, and yet may by no means be an accomplished theologian. The teaching of theology is the proper function of the clergyman. The progress of society has led to a division of employment between the intellectual and spiritual teacher, and it is in every way inconvenient to infringe upon this distinction. If the clergyman ought not to interfere with the teaching of the schoolmaster, the school- master is not to encroach upon the province of the clergyman." Such evidence ought to be carefully weighed' by all who would entertain sound views on National Education, more especially by those who are interested in giving a bill to the country ? suited to its requirements. We can scarcely think, however, that any legislator would be likely to apply to " A." for advice or assistance in such an emergency. _ His narrow-mindedness and sectarian prejudice, his one-sided statements, and wilful blindness to the most palpable and crying wrongs, all unfit him for such an office. We do not think it has ever been our lot to notice; anything more outrageously unjust than the proposals he puts forth as his own, for the establishment of a new system ; we consider them an insult to the good sense of any community. But, more of this anon. If " As ; ever really intended to serve the cause of Denominational education by his correspondence, what must he his chagrin to find that he has inflicted upon it an irremediable i Henry. How must he wish that, instead of publishing, he had consigned his letters to a justly merited and everlasting oblivion. We have the honour to be, Sir, _ _ _ Yours, respectfully. THE NATIONAL SCHOOL TEACHERS. Fort-street, May 28. 