To the Editor of the Tasmanian Daily News. "Behold! iu various throngs the. scribbling crew, : ; !.- : . .... . For notice eager, ".pass in long review."— Byron. Sir, — I may premise this communication, to you by observing that I am no " thick and thin" ad mirer of the late Colonial Secretary. Mr. Gregson. There are many points in that gentleman's public conduct that I highly approve of, and there are others that I cannot defend./ So you must not think that Lam now gohig to bespatter the honora- ble' gentleman with " soft sawder," as Jonathan calls it. Every man in a leading political position has his friends and liis enemies. The former' are generally passive, the latter invariably active. It is an aphorism of well- known troth, that " Censure is a tax that men pay for being eminent," and if only " censure" had been bestowed by -the local press on Mr. Gregson, I should have remained silent; but the mind sickens at the coarse vituperation and abuse that the various newspapers have heaped upon this gentleman. Libel upon libel, attack upon at tack, have been for many months past inflicted on the late Colonial Seeretary, until at length it has become street gossip,— as public and notorious as" anything possible, — -that Mr. Gregson dare not bring his moUgners before a public -court! Every one knows what repeated dauder will effect. Reader! look and ponder on the fruthful words of the immortal hard — i . 'Tis slander, Whose edge is sharper than the) sword; whose . tongue ? Outvenoms all the worms of Nile f'whose breath" Rides on the passing- winds.and dotb belie All corners of the world. Kings, - queens, and States, Maids, matrons! — -nay, the secrets of the grave This viperous slander enters." . _ ! What was Mr. Gregson to do ? "Remain under the stigma and the reproach, or bring bis mtligners and detractors to justice ? He has commenced with Messrs. Best, the proprietors of the Courier ; and through Messrs.- Harris and Pitt, he has offered to take the writer in a civil action. ; This offer was declined, and hence a criminal prosecution. The idea of the anonymous writers mating themselves known, would never do. Messrs! Best are mere tools — a stalking horse from whence persons, high aud low, iu office and out of office, have been for years past pointing their slanderous pens at the de voted head of Mr. Gregson. They dare not avow themselves ; they lack courage, and. lack the day light, and would, if they possessed the former attri bute — and they could remain unknbvrn — plunge the deadly stiletto into the heart of their victim. The Advertiser newspaper follows the same course. Its columns are open to any one who nioUgns Mr Greg son, aud' mum's the word to the persons on the im print— to call them proprietors would he a mis nomer — giving up the writers. Anaction hasbeen commenced against the Messrs. Hall on the criminal side. of the court, for reason "that they have refused to make known the secret assassins!: The Colonial Times, under the management of the Rev. Mr. D'Einden, has also been engaged ii this wholesale slanderous war, for it has .been " war to the knife,'? to "use ; the Saragossa expression.) But after the expose of this unfortunate man before the Insolvent Court, it would only be an act of charity not to heap charges on the liead: of a criminal, jnrho will in all probability receive a sentence for his'fraudulent con duct. I. mention this, and request the reader's atten tion to it, to shew the tools at work, 'and the np-ltill work that Mr. Gregson has to contend with, " men of straw ;" — for, he would he sueing beggars, and catching other animals, not to be) named to ears polite. The Mercury, for montlispast, has been also libelling Mr. Gregson : in the niost coarse and unmeasured terms. A few publications since, this respectable journal out-Heioded Herod by publishing to the world that Mr. Gregson " was not to be be lieved oh his oath." Sure ; this direct charge is a libel to all ; intents " and purposes. : Now, .just fancy this paper getting down to Northumberland, where Mr. Greg son has friends and relatives amsng the landed in terest. They only see a large broadside, respectably I printed, and having many advertisements. They don't know who Jack Davies is, or his antecedents. If they did, the bane and antidote would be before them. Whatever he might say of any one, or write of a public character here, would be perfectly innoc uous. But it is not so if a paper is read at a distance. -J say, therefore, that the lying and slan dering of such a man, where his character is known, would be altogether disregarded. Place the two men together ! Mr! Gregson is a gentleman by birth, by education, antj»by connexion with some of the first families in his native country. He is the head of an influential 'party., and the member for an exten- rive district, '"and withal a person of undoubted talent and ability. To say anything against Jack Davies .would- .WftUerally " to pelt the scavenger with mud." To use the language of Gavon Duffy in the Nation, as to another conspicuous personage, he 'is " rowdying about the streets of Hobart Town and figuring in the police office for assaults and libels." Mind, I know nothing whatever of ifr. Davies. I am told he come here from Sydney, and was for merly iu the police, and has— or rather I should say had-?- some relations at Sydney. If ever he is cross- examined in any court on libel matters, we shall no doubt be edified with his " birth, parentage, and education," and perhaps his " last speech." There i3. a howling cry gt-ing. about by_ these gentlemen of the' press, that the trials (now -that coming events are casting their -shadows in advance) should take place oat of Hobart Town, and that the venue should he laid at Oatlands. This, Mr. Gregson should not consent to. . On a former occnsion, in the Supreme Court, when this gentleman wished the venue changed, the court refused. These wretched papers would have nothing to contribute to the morbid taste of their readers if their abuse of the ex- Colonial Secretary was stayed. The Courier is still continuing its slander from the penny-a-line pen of Junius Tasma- niensis — a noodle who attempts the language of his namesake, without a particle of his ability. If there were such a thing as a literary Court in existence, I should have him convicted of misconduct in taking on himself an honoured name, which he has pro faned, and brought into ridicule and contempt — slat noniinis umbra — and get him sentenced, like Fitz gerald of old, to eternally bawl aloud his wretched letters in front of Messrs. Best's establishment in Collins street, and I would have poor Woodfall's" ghost "piping his eye" at a distance to the Omnibus Hurdy-Gurdy playing " Down, deny down." So much for Junius Tasmaniensis / Talk of the Press and its freedom, look at the disgraceful and unprovoked licentiousness of the insinuation in the Advertiser, respecting Mr. M. Miller a few days since. What fiend in human shape could thus sport with the failings to which oil "mankind are liable, sickness and ill health? Was this an emanation of the " she-oaker,"— or was it from the puerile pen of the secret slanderer— tim horiim ? The affectionate failings of a brother have administered a reproof and a lecture to the dastard, which has been received in silence. There , is no getting over the facts, public aud notorious "ns they are, that Mr. Gregson has literally in his . day ." done the state some service, and they know it." He has been foremost in many political fights— tiie making this place independent from Sydney— the black war massacre — the Cottage Green job, and Grass Tree Hill rascality — he made Denison quail in Council, when the latter cowed Dry - —inthe Hampton plunder aud robbery — the Convict .Question — cum multis aliis. The simple matter for further consideration is— is he to he put down by such a. " scribbling crew" as the Messrs. Best, Hall, Davis, and D'Emden. Trot them out, and -look at the men ! I say emphatically. No ! Not even if hundreds of other secret writers had " dipped their pens in gall" to his injury, for it is an apophthegm applicable to all leading persons, that, "it often happens that those are the best people whose cha racters have been most injured by slanderers." This text is to he found in the well-known school-hook — " The Speaker." The commentary is before the reader. Iam, Sir, !- : Your obedient servant, ' A Common Fbllow. . June 30, 1857. 