I,OCAL NEWS. DISGRACEFUL CONDUCT - During the inquest on the body of Sarah Alice Hawkins, recently murdered by the suicide Owen Clarke, one of the witnesses adverted in strong terms to the disgraceful scene which had taken place, in the house where Clarke had stabbed the woman and shot himself, on the day succeeding the murder (Sunday.) It appears that wretches-having the form but devoid of the sympathies of human beings-had congregated there drinking, swearing, and shouting, nay, even dancing in the blood of Clarke, flourish- ing tomahawks, and acting like maniacs in their disgusting heartlessness and depravitv. The Coroner stated that he was not a teeto- taller himself, although he was fully aware of the evils which aiose from drink ; attribu- ting, very justly, the horrid revelries of these abandoned people to the maddening influence of alcohol. As the present law seemed per- fectly ineffectual to restrain these degrading propensities or to obviate the evils to which they led, he sometimes doubted whether it would not be advisable to recur to the old system, and have drunhards publicly whipped at the tail of a cart. PoT/icr, Vax.-Wc were glad to see on Wednesday that the Polie« Van was brought into requisition to convey the prisoners who are convicted, or are awaiting their trial, fiom the Court to the new Gaol. This is v questionably a great improvement upon the system, hitherto adopted, of marching these criminals through the public streets chained to each other. Wc should he gjad fco see the Van employed every morning to convoy to the gaol those men who are sentenced at the Police Office. To see a lot of persons hand- cuffed, and paraded through the streets, is by no means calculated to have a beneficial ten- dency upon the rising generation ; and we would suggest that the Van should be laid under contribution for this purpose also. TJxdeb 'me Rose.-Three derivations have btcn given for tliis phra-e. One writer says that the expression " under the rose " took i,s origin from the wars between the houses of York and Lancaster, The partios respectively swore by the red or the while rose, and these opposite emblems were displayed as tho signs of two taverns ; one of which was by the side of, and the other opposite to, tho Parliament House in Old P.ilaco Yard, Westmininster. Here the retáinei s and servants of the noblemen attached ta the Duke of York and Henry VI. used to meet. Here also, as disturbances were frequent, measures either of defence 0r annoy- ance were taken, and every transaction, was said to be done, "under the rose;" bywiiioh expression the most profound secrecy was im- plied. According to others, this terni origi- nated in the falii« of Cupid giving the rose to Harpooatesj thjsgod of silence, as a bribe to prevent him betraying the amours of Yenus. and was hence adopted as the cab1T of silence. Tho rose was foi' t]¡is reason sculp- tured on the ceilings of drinking and feasting rooms, as a warning to the guests thnt what jyas suid in moments of conviviality should not be repeated ; from which, what was intended to be kept sefifet was said to bo held " under the rose." Thircllv, roses wcie consecrated as presents from the Pope. Jxi 1/526 they were plaeed over the goals of coufébsionals a* the symbols of ¿secrecy. Hence the'origin of ¡Lha phrase. Mu. GnECKOK AS9 TITB Pkess.-A civil action has been "commence,;! ajb the suit of Mr. Thomas (îeorge Gregson, agaúisjb' tho proprietors 'of this journal, for the publication of a letter from Lord ïalbafc de Jdalahide. Courier. Boy or GiBiv.-The following mode was adopted a few years ago in a family residing ia Wales, with the view of discovering the pey. pt'cn jnfaut previous to its birth. ' An old womn# of the vjlja^e naked permission to uso a harmless .charm to ¿earn j£ the expected infant would be male or female. Accord/ngly abe joined the servants at their supper, where ' she assisted in buring a shoulder of mutton i of every partie pf meat, Sh,o then held tiie blade-bone to ijie #xe ¡upiij it p-as scorched bo us to permit her lo iprco hep thumbs through the thin part. Through the Wes thus made she passed a string, and hat jug knotted the ends together, she drove in n nail over the back door and left the house, giving strict injunctions to the servants to hang tlie ,b,ou,e jip ¡u that place the last thing at uiglit. 'f lien th.ey wereporefuliy to observe who should first enter that door ,6n the foi lowing morning, exclusive of the members ot : the household, and the set of the child would j be that of the first comer. Tins rather vexed ' some ßf the servants, who wished for a boy, as tw,9 f)f jtfrree women came regularly each morning to ,tl\e hojus^ and a man was scar- cely ever seen .there ; but po thp'tf delight the fiisfc earner on this occasion proved ,to bp a man, «ud ia a few weeks tip o)d woman's I reputation wa» fAtabliibed thpnghoiit tbe| neighbonrhood by tjjjtófí|#,p i>9/> ?»».ti i í a \ f \ ^M.VTon'a Cocui.-His Worship held his Usual weekly Court yesterday. There wa« an information laid by the City Inspector against Mr. Edward Moore of Elizabeth Street lor permitting a nuisance to be on his premises on the 25th instant. Mr. Moore denied most emphatically that any such nuisance existed Mr. Thomas described the place as being in a shocking condition. Mr. Mooro stated that he had no objection to do all that was neces- sary when asked to do so. To this the City Inspector replied, that he had two or three times called Mr. Moore's attention to it-the premises were in a most scandalous condition. Mr. Moore was fined ten shillings and costs. There were also the usual number of cases of non-payment of rates, which were dealt with on their several merits. Mokoaîîatto.-We have frequently been asked the origin of this word, and how it came to be used in describing the marriages of royal personages with persons of inferior rank. The only satisfactory explanation of the'term we can find is, that the fairy Mor- gana was married to a mortal ; and ever after- wards 'morganatic' was applied to marriages where the parties were of unequal rank. CitAmrs ron Watits.-In some parts of the south of Ireland, great faith is placed in tho following charm :-When a funeral is passing hy, they rub the warts, and say three timei; " May these warts and this corpse pass away, and never more return ;" sometimes adding, " in the name of the Father, Son, I and Holy Ghost." In Essex another cure is resorted to : the nails are cut, the cuttings carefully wrapped in paper, and placed in the hollow of a pollard ash, concealed from the birds ; when the paper decays, the warts dis- appear. In the north of Scotland a different kind of charm is made use of, namely: Count most carefully the number of warts, take a corresponding number of nodules or knots from tho stalks of wheat, oats, or bar- ley, wrap these in a cloth, and deposit the packet in the earth ; all the steps ol' the oper- ation being done secretly. As the nodules decay, the warts disappear.* Some think it necessary that each wart should be touched by a separate nodule. The xate Mubdeb-Inquest o>" tiie Mubdeb.-On Wednesday the Inquest was held upon the body of Owen Clarke at the Gordon Cabtle. The same witnesses were es: nmined us on the inquest of his victim-Sarah Alice Hawkins. The evidence likewise was almost entirely the same. Mr. Phillpott of Green Ponds gave a little additional testimony -to the effect that on the morning after Clarke had borrowed the iron spoon, he had found, in addition to the melted lead on the hearth, a pistol bullet mould, By a letter from Mr. Pross D. C. at Green Ponds it ap- pears that the dece.ised had purchased the bowie knife in that townshin some days prior to his leaving for town. The evidence was clear that the deceased had, for some time pre- vious, contemplated this diabolical act, and the jury at once returned a verdict of Fclo de so. Corr op ITaj-dbill Lately Distbibu ted, East of Cobnwami.-Roger Giles, sur- geon, parisli clerk and schoolmaster, reforms ladys nnd gentlemen, that he draws teath without waring a moment, Blisters on the lowest terms, and fysicks a pennv a peace, sells Godfathers Cordais, cuts Korns, and undertakes to keep ladys korns a week or so, young ladys and gentleman tort their Gram- mers language in the neatest manner, also grate kare taken to there morals and spellin, also sarme singing and teaching the Ho.'Boy, Cow TiJlions, and other danses tort home and abroad, Purfumery in all hits branches, sells all sorts of stationary wares, blacking balls, Hid erring» and coles, skrubbing brushes, trade, mouse traps, and all other grander ports of sweets, likewise tators, sassages, and other grand stuffs, also frute, hats, balls,hoiy tin ware, and ether eatables, consarve, and all ard ware. Ile also perforir b fleeboltoiney in a eurea manner. Furthermore in particular he has laid in a large sortment of tripe,chinn, dogshear, lolly pops, and other pickles such as boysters &c;, old rage bought und sold here, and not being were helse, and know laid eggs by mo every day-Koger Giles P.S. I teaches jography and all these outlandish things. P. S. a bawl on Wednesday. Oub Lyceum Theatbe.-Latest Ma kaoebical Dodoe.-The following has beim exhibited in several of the public houses of the city; wecivoitin its entirety. If what is stated below does not show the decline of the drama, wo are unábje to guess wliafj will ¡ .'To be raffled for here,a fres admission fur one month (transferable), to the Lyceum Theatre, to any part of the theatyo, every night. On -evening- twenty-ono member?, at two shillings each. Five shillings to be spent by the landlord on the night of drawing." Sydney Fra. The Last New and Ijipboved Purr A correspondent informs us that a surgeon in his neighborhood, who had caught cold, had the prayers of the congregation asked for in his behalf by name on Sunday, and a thanksgiving for his recovery olfeied on the following Sunday,-2lfpdicpl !f'imfg. GoiXO a-Heab,-A Yankpo proposes to build an establishment which he may drive a sheep in at one end and have it come out at the other, as four quarters ol' mutton, a felt hat, a pair of drawers, a leather apron, and a quarto dictionary. &ÎVEHÏ woman is horn with a master- mind-that is to say, with a mind, to b,e mas- ter, if she can. 