FIRST MEET OF THE " MELBOURNE HUNT !' By NIMROD'S GHOST. ' Uprouse ye then, my merry merry men For 'tis our opening day." Most truly are we of those colonies topsy-turvy from our home customs, for Easter is-the acknowledged wind-up of the English hunting season, whilst here it is only the commencement. Whatever 'antiquated' no- tions certain white-chokeritos may- indulge in, the worthy Master of the Melbourne Hunt saw no (sin in a calling a muster of his sporting friends on a day ranking | specially holy in calendar, wisely thinking that a Good \ Friday would bring good luck ; accordingly a sprinkling of the ' right sort gathered together in the afternoon at his St.Kilda retreat, and, after a little spiritual in- dulgence proceeded to Cheltenham, the appointed tryst. The worthy citizens of the metropolis, who were enjoy- ing their holiday by driving their wives and sweet hearts on the Brighton road, looked rather astonished at the cavalcade in ' pink' merrily jogging along, and some innocently thought us the yeomanry in full uni- form, — but we didn't care what sensation was created to day, our hopes being fixed on the morrow. It must not be supposed, however, that a lot of hunters could so far curb their inclinations as to keep always on the plain highway, — first one, and then another, would pop over a fence for practice sake and precious glum a few of those unfortunates looked who knew their animals were unequal to such feats, and therefore could only devoutly pray for an open country to gallon over. At sun down we reached our quarters, and a considerable scramble ensued to secure stalls for the horses, as the party was just double the number expected; but by dint of a little good-natured bounce, accommodation was found for all, a coach-house, a fowl-house, and a ground floor bed room being turned into stables for the nonce? All having obeyed the scriptural maxim of a ' merciful man being merciful to his ' east,' we looked to our own creature comforts, and had nothing to complain of. A smiling hostess catered well for easily pleased guests, and at seven o'clock a couple of dozen of us sat down to an excellent spread, Mr. Watson being in his right place at the head of the table. Of all that was eaten, drank, said, and sung at the board, the chronicler is not bound to discourse ; suffice it to say that a jolly evening was passed, and beds wore only thought of at the small hours. Then, 'tis true, all were not equally pleased, for there were more would-be sleepers than beds to sleep on. Some knowing ones had retired a few minutes earlier 'than the rest, and taken the first lodgings they could get, barricading the doors for fear of an assault on the part of those who might urge a prior claim ; nor were they wrong in their anticipations, for they soon had to sustain a -severe siege. At length, by dint of 'double banking' in the bed-rooms, and putting blankets on the parlour sofas, all get safe to the arms of Murphy, and the house was restored to quiet about two hours before sunrise. At the first peep of day, the cheerful voice of the master called all sluggards to turn out, and a too-too-too on his horn reaching the ears of his pack, set them ' chiming' with such harmonious vigour as effectually arouse us to a sense of our day's employment. What a Babel's confusion of voices then rung through the inn ! Shouts for ' brandy and sodawater,' ' clean towels.' 'gin and bitters,' and 'hairbrushes and combs,' mingled with sundry execrations at breeches which would not go on hind side before, and right boots which refused to be pulled on the wrong leg! The buxom landlady (God bless her!) had got a good break- fast ready, though very few could tackle to it some- how ; and by six o'clock the word was given to mount. All readily obeyed the command except one unfortunate fellow who found his horse had got away and made for Melbourne : he received, of course, any amount of pity from his fellow-sportsmen, but we could do no more. and had to leave him ' alone with his sorrow.' The morning was very favourable for the anticipated fun, and a happier lot of fellows never followed the ' spotted beauties' to a cover side : men, horses, and hounds looked like going, and the master could not but feel a little proud at such a first muster of the season. The 'darlings' were naturally inclined to be rather wild, for they knew as well as Christians that it was a hunting day come again, but their eagerness was a gratifying sign of their preferring action to case. When about two miles on our way, an amusing incident occurred, and which fully accounted for the hounds' apparent rioting. For some minutes the whip per-in had had trouble with them, and Nimroi's Ghost began to be critical as to their sound education, when with a ' crash' they burst away to the right, and made for a man about 200 yards off in the bush. On reaching him a terrible confusion ensued, for he was leading a half-bred dingo by a chain, and the pack disputed the right of possession. The poor fellow screamed, swore, and kicked in vain, for the hounds tumbled him over, and would soon have made mince-meat of his mongrel but for the active use of half-a-dozen whip lashes. No sooner did the man get a chance of recovering his legs than he bolted to the nearest tree, swarmed up it like a monkey, and thence launched the most direful anathemas against master, hounds and all red-coated gents, most condignly vowing to short the former ' as dead as a horse.' This bit of by-play concluded, we made for the kangaroo ground, and the dogs had not long been thrown into cover before it was evident that game was a foot. ' Dauntless ' whimpered, and old ' Welcome ' answered the hint with a bold challenge ; ' Dulcet ' settled the point by dashing away, and a glorious burst of music made many a heart feel too largo for the con straint of a waistcoat— 'Tally ho '.' was shouted in a brace of seconds, and a fine ' flyer' was seen bounding over the heath at a pace that proved his astonishment at the sudden disturbance. Reins were tightened in hands, hats tightened on head, and knees tightened on saddle, as each settled to work for a rattling gallop, and inwardly swore to ' get the brush.' For three miles we pegged away a good 'un over capital country, till we came to a thick and short scrub, where no scent can lie. Here the hounds threw up for a bit, but soon found out the long-tail's direction, and raced him to a cover about two miles further, where the scent failed again. After letting them work round a short time, the master made a cast and hit the direc- tion right ; a capital burst ensued, bidding fair for a speedy kill. However, luck was against us, for just as we were streaming away in settled order, a second kangaroo led away half the pack, and it was some time before they could be whipped off. The others had been stopped meanwhile, and as horses and hounds were snort of work, a ' spell' was decided on to recover wind. Sand- wiches and pocket-pistols were produced by the old stagers, and generously shared with their less precau- tious friends ; girths were slackened ; pipes lighted, and 'talk became big.' In half-an-hour a fresh start was made, and we soon got on a drag ; but a cold wind had sprung up, and the scent would not hold. Several favo- rite localities were found blank, and Mr. Watson there fore drew across the enclosed country towards home. This occasioned at any rate lots of fun, as several were mounted on nags with no fencing pretensions, and some few of the riders had no more practice than their ' horses. One most singular occurrence must here be re- corded, and the writer believes it unparalleled. The whip was jumping Peter the Great to and fro, by the master's orders, over a fence and ditch, and Mr. Driver was taking Clementina at the same leap, when both happened to come to it together from different sides and at the same moment. Bath took the same panel, were in the air together, crossed, and landed safely; but it was fearful to look at, as a collision seemed inevitable. No absolute accident happened during the day, though one gentleman got a purler in some soft ground, and another was forcibly disconnected from his horse by the latter choos- ing to gallop against a fence instead of over it. The Ghost also came as near to grief as d - it, but managed to regain his seat on the saddle instead of perching on the quadruped's head. By means of per- suasion and shifting top-rails, the entire field contrived to take a short cut to the kennels, where all arrived safe and contented about 4 o'clock, and gladly availed them selves of Mr. Bignell's de- cantera after their gallops, After duly refreshing, the hospitable master insisted upon all hands adjourning to his comfortable Box and taking a feed, nor were we loth to obey ' Hungry as hunters' is an old proverb, and the only doubt at the table was whether the appetites or the fare were the better. The evening was spent as only true sportsmen know how to enjoy themselves; nor need it be chronicled in what eloquent terms or with what uproarious consent the toast of ' Mr. George Watson and his gallant pack' was given and received. Suffice it, then, to sav that a merry wind-up concluded the opening day of the Mel bourne Hunt, and that the prospects of the season are cheering as they deserve to be. An addition will shortly be made of some fresh hounds, and as the Ghost intends to record all doings, be hopes soon to hear of many fresh ' entries' on the subscription list. 