The Indian News, brought by the longex pected ' European,' is of the very gravest character. The story of the investment of Calcutta by the rebel Sepoys has proved to be untrue ; but it appears that the insurrection, which by the last accounts was confined to one Presidency, has spread nil over Hindostan. The rising continues to be marked by the ut most ferocity — the ebullition of long, pent-up vengeance — the fury of serfs who have turned on their conquerors. If the accounts from the scene of rebellion are unexaggerated, neither age nor sex are spared ; war to the knife is in the most literal sense the order of the day ; and the whirlwind of Asiatic passion has seized upon the once submissive Hindoo. England is girding herself for the struggle — for the reconquest of her jeopardised Empire of the East. Never, since Olive, exactly a hundred years ago, overturned the Rajah of Bengal, has the name of India been in so many mouths in England. Steamers and sailing vessels are being impressed; troops are under orders from all her seaports, and all her dependencies (these Australian ones in cluded), and the militia are being called out. Britain, like the war-horse, ' smelleth the bat tle afar off,' and all her martial ardor is aroused. The ' nation of shop-keepers,' of merchant princes, is equal to the emergency, and the nephew of her foe, Napoleon, who so baptized her, has offered the assistance of his legions in re-securing the pivot of her com mercial strength — the cornerstone of her exist ence ' as a great power.' Does the ghost of ' the man of destiny,' nutter uneasily at his kinsman's obliging offer to his old antagonist 1 What do the discontented of Europe say, who were wont to believe that this Western alliance was a hollow subterfuge 1 But, though Eug land has no reason to doubt the loyalty of her ally,' it could never suit her dignity to accept his proposal. She must re-couquer India with her own resources, or consent to lose it. It is not that the presence of French legions on that soil would suggest a widening there of French territory, beyond its present narrow limits of Pondicherry and Chandernagore. But the honor of England cannot consent that the cot ton plains and rice fields of Hindostan are to be like the vallies of the Crimea. The kepi and blue cloth of France cannot figure there beside the red jacket and English shako. A great nation must deal with its own insurgent poasessions. England is equal to the emergency, and she has need to be so, for that gorgeous ' realm of Ind' is the grandest gem in her diadem. That gorgeous oriental empire, round which fable and fancy have entwined their magic tissues — that glittering, ancient, wealth-producing region, of blue sky and silver river, and niany hued teeming earth — the land for which conquerors have ever lusted, and whose splendor filled men's months in the remotest days ! Thither the Greeks believed their deities Bacchus and Hercules directed their martial steps ; thither the war like queen Semiramis led her antique legions. When Alexander overturned Persia, and feasted in Susa and Babylon, he could not rest until his scimitar flashed in Indian sun shine, and until his charger slaked his thirst in an Indian river. To its odoriferous shores cn.mo the Portuguese rovers under renowned Albuquerque ; and over its fields, waving a hundred precious crops, trampled the hideous Tartar horsemen who rode behind Tamerlane and Zenghis Khan, and the high-capped Persians and fierce Affghans who followed the banner of Nadir Shah — the silken banner of the bloody fold ! In its huge cities, with their motley-peopled, picturesque bazaars, their moving palanquins, their tall pagodas, Moslem dynasties planted themselves ; and every mari time nation of Europe fastened on its seaports — the Dutchman and the Dane, France, under the chivalrous Lally, and England, under the gallant Clive and Coote. What a power have the merchants of Britain piled up there, within these hundred years, from Plassy and Assaye, down to Sobraon and Ferozepore ! How many various nations have there en countered their armies — how many astute leaders have there yielded to the skill of their generals ! The facile Hindoo, the active Mahratta, the headlong Belooch, the dauntless Affghan, the obstinate Burmese, the almost indomitable Sikh. India has produced many an able chief from Hyder Alt to Akbar Kuan ; but from Clive and Wellesley to Napier and Edwards, the best military genius at England's command was sent to encounter them, and the red cross flag was without a successful rival, whether in the cold winds of the Himalaya, or the languid breezes of the Ganges. Forty thousand European soldiery and two hun dred and forty thousand native troops were the pillars of England's power — materials that might break down some day ; and, this year, Lord Metcalpe's apprehension has been ful filled — that he should go to bed some night with India secure, and wake in the morning and find the empire jeopardised. That country is the storehouse of Britain's commerce, the choicest field of wealth for the enterprise of her sons, the nursery of her armies, and it must not be lost. She has money to an unlimited extent, and money can product) armies and convey them. Ere this the Mediterranean is dotted with transports, pro pelled by steam and canvas, laden with an army which may be indefinitely increased. It is stated that the intrigues of Russia are at the bottom of the insurrection, and they have succeeded too well with a population exaspe rated by a system of mismanagement which we have already pointed out in these columns. Russia, checked and foiled in Europe by the Western alliance, has been ceaselessly advanc ing in the East. In the settlement and arso nals lately planted at the mouth of tho Amour, she has reached the frontier of China. This latter empire is on the eve of change, pro bably of disruption ; and it ia not impossible that the Czar may push his sway over some of its provinces. Russia is becoming power ful in the North Pacific, .and is likely to ex tend that power further south ; and this cir cumstance, as well a3 the remoter continguncy of a native empire some day in India, should put us on our guard in time in Australia. If an enemy should be thus established, comparatively in our neighborhood, is it unlikely that they might direct longing eyes to these gold-fields ? Our horizon is now clear and tranquil, but who can say what the womb of the approaching future may bring forth 1 Within these dozen years the' world has entered on an era of unexpected marvels — of unforeseen change. It would be well, while feeling secure, to look at this great fact occa sionally, and to ensure betimes all available strength. We should no longer delay to knit closer the bonds of union with each other. Tho interests of these colonies are one, and we have a sufficient reason in the unexpected events drawing closer to our doors, for not delaying federation. In a less critical era we could afford to wait for trivial preliminaries ; but without being alarm ists we may well say that tho times are grave enough to demand the near realisation in this respect of the natural desire of our scattered populations. 