THE EIGHT HENRYS. Henry the Fourth commenced a long career of unmitigated turpitude by deposing his cousin, Richard the Second, deposing first that he was an unsophisticated simpleton, who was quite incapable of taking care of himself. So poor Bichard was shut up in a castle, and passed his time in compiling almanacs till the day of his death, which was said to have been accelerated by keeping him without food for a fortnight. Henry was of the Lancaster house ; and in early life, when at a Lancaster school, it was predicted that he would be a great gun—a great Lancaster gun in fact. The Fourth Henry had some trouble with his nobles, many of whom had taken it into their heads that he was a humbug, so the king took their heads off their shoulders to prevent such a fancy maturing to a conviction. He also propitiated the abbots and bishops and clerical swells by roasting a heretic now and then, aim the church reformers were regularly done brown. Thus, having attained a reputation for severity of discipline and fervent Christianity, Henry the Fourth spent the remainder of his reign in political scrimmages with his nobles, and burnings and beheadings, and kingly sports of that sort. So frequent were the decapitations that most noble houses had to muurii the loss of some of the heads of their families, and several promising young noblemen, who were growing fast, found themselves a head shorter in the course of a day. Henry the Fifth had been a wild young scapegrace, addicted to highway robbery and practical jokes of that description. When Prince of Wales he had twisted off door-knockers till he possessed a perfect mu- Beum of those musical instruments, stuck up a bishop, and taken a handful of gold tied up in the corner of his apron, and by way of a climax endeavoured to rob the exchequer by gettbig in at the treasury window. In this latter attempt he was detected, but his party got clear off, except a fat gentleman, named Falstaff, who was caught in tiie area railings by the seat of his trunk hose, and taken by a detective. Falstaff was had up before the Chief Justice, and a bit of the torn corduroy being placed in evidence, he was fined forty groats for the indecorum. Prince Henry objected to this decision, and wanted the chief to take his coat off and step outside, when instead of groats he might get his gruel ; but the magistrate committed his Koyal Highness to solitary confinement, and to be kept on bread and water for half an hour for an assault with intent to say a good thing, which judicial severity made a great stir at the time. Henry the fifth continued the warm work with the heretics, and baked a bishop now and then in the cause of holy religion, but many very popular gents when they came to be baked turned exceedingly crusty, and general discontentment ensued. To divert the public mind Henry planned a sort of filibustering expedition to France. Fifty thousand men-at-arms, including several sergeants in calico neck-ties, and a vast number of archers, comprising the whole toxopholite militia of the coast, crossed the channel with dire intent and erected a sort of canvas town at Harfieur. But from the chronicles of the time we learn that sea sickness made fearful inroads among the English ranks, and the invaders might have fallen an easy prey, had they beeu attacked upon an empty stomach. Fortunately, however, this opportunity was lost, so Henry fortified his army with French rolls, and fought the battle of Agincourt, in which no English soldier would strike a blow till at least ten Frenchmen were opposed to him, and every Englishman was bound by contract to kill his fifty French and pile them up to be counted. This latter army regulation originated the saying about "making a pile," as synonymous with a successful enterprise. The battle of Agincourt cost Henry forty men, who died from overfatigue, superinduced upon loss of blood from the nose, and severe contusion of the eyes ; but ten thousand Frenchmen gave up their several ghosts, and forty thousand more were handcuffed and taken prisoners ; and as much rusty armour was knocking about as might possibly account for the chalybeate spring since discovered on the battle-field. These paaticulars have been handed down from some archers who were present at the fight, and who, being accustomed to draw the long bow, were well fitted to chronicle its successes. Henry married the French king's daughter, with a reversionary interest in her parent's throne;rand hi^ a reasonable time Henry the Sixth appeared, and betraye^\jM> Igenastonishment at everything he saw. Henry j^^i^MHed-Boon^^w,tl,lis, having bequeathed his two kingdoms to(,hifr^yferit son, who to&^irie\ first prize at a baby-show, at the age of t^ely^mpi?.ihs.i<j ; j r, ! Henry th| Sixth/jvfieu'U? estate, found his French sub- Frenchmen did iKitT^ral), so constantly for trifling delinquencies that theeXttoulknier s rupe came at last to be well known as Bedford cord. The consequence was that the people rebelled, and, headed by Joan of Arc, soon made the country too hot for the English, who had to sneak out of it with fleas in their ears. Joan was a sturdy, broad-shouldered, red haired, young country girl, who had won a pair of wooden shoes in a village foot-race, and so bothered the English soldiers with the flutter of her petticoats that the poor fellows had not a chance, and were easily discomfited. Henry had a strong-minded wife, Margaret of Anjou, who was always getting Henry into hot water, and the wretched man was successively suspended, deposed, imprisoned, and murdered, for getting mixed up with disturbances he cared nothing about. 