jiEtnoxmxE xirrxx moogs, ? By Niurod's Ghost. Last Saturday was certainly tho crack tryst of tho Beaton, as yet, both from its pleasant commencement and rattling finish. On arriving at the pretty country eeat of Mr. Knox, at Gardiner's Creek, such a gcnoral muster was found assembled as has rarely greeted the cyoi of tbo .worthy Master; nor were there over eo many well turned-out ' pinks.' The Ghost will not follow tho rather blameworthy example of hii 1rro.1t prototype, Captain Apporloy, by. lengthily detuilinc the names of the jovial fellows assembled round 3fr. Knox's hospitable board, painting a description of the elegant and bountiful faro set beforo them, and guessing an average quantity of sparkling , hock imbibed byoach guest— but lie will content himself, and as suredly better please the unostentatious founder of the hunting feast by simply stating that tho lunch was given with the thorough good taste and hearty welcome of a British sportsman. However, tho doponont cannot help wishing that a certain sanctimonious lottcr-scribbler to the Argus could havo peeped tlirough the glass doors of tho dining-room, and Been of what class of society were composed the dashing cross-country men (and their fol loicers), whom he pleasod to designate Mr. George Wat son's 'tag- rag.' Soon after two o'clock, a move was mado from tho table to tho stable, aud a 'stirrup-cup' was liahded round in tho yard in tbo true hunting, stylo, tho goblet boing formed of a fox's head, tho contents rich Bparkling hock, and tho toast, ' Success to tho Mclbourno Hunt !' In lugh good spirit each man mounted Ids favourite steed, and tho majority mado for tho carriago road lead ing to tho Lodgo, so as not to bo in the way whon tho hounds woro lot out. Unfortunately for eomoof theso, they had hotter have oskod tho Master whioh way to hoau, for ho led tho pack down a bridlo-path towards the crook, tho edge of which was no sooner reached, than they picked up their drag and went away at rail road pace. This gave a good start to ft few of tho second- flightmen.and theypounded away likeone o'clock over the opeu for about half-a- milo, when a stiff post aud-railer pulled them up, and cast a lugubrious look over their countenances. Tlio Master, Whip, and Harry B. wore soon over, and tho first uhjliters were fa3t fol lowing suit before tho non-jumpers I:a4 succeeded in getting through a convenient gate. Tho galloping now became very rough, tho turf being intersected with little water-courses, and two or threo men wore ' grassed' beforo they had time to cot warm in their siddles. As to stopping to help catch their horses, such acts of exaggerated philanthropy aro not expocted iu a hunt ing field, and tho pacewas too great to afford oveu timo to lend a helping hand to one's own twin-brother. Tlie leading men had all thoy knew how to manage to keop within' Bight of the hounds, at such speed did thoy tear along ; and the ground was so heavy, and tho fences so severe, that it required bold riding, and a good hold of your horse's' head, to keop ' right aide vip.' Farm after farm; was crossed as if in tho thick of tho -Midland Counties, and the excited sportsmen raced for tho honours of place as if Btceplechasing for a prize of unheard-of value. The 'pock ran close and truo, But too latt lor mucli music, and 111 oft-ilnnging positions. in their immediate roar wero ridden 1'oter, White' Squall, Post-ond-Roilfl, Coachee, Bryan, Mr. 15,'s grey, Mr. G.'s bob-tail, a clipped bay cob, aixl a mO3t promising black horao. Over fallow and grass tho tteam was kept up for about six miles, rails sometimes flying into splinters, and horses' uo-os occasionally acting tho part of ploughshnres, till at tho CI030 tho lojd was takon by tho bay cob, Poat-and-RailB, and Whito Squall. At the last fence but one of the enclosed country, I'ostand Rails slipped, Blithorod up to his jnmp, rollod ovor, and fell heavily upon Johnny Evans, who waiinuch, though not seriously hurt. On reachiug tho opou, tho din^o was viewed rapidly sinking beforo tho pack, and a Bhort gallop over tho -hoath finished his fate. Tho greater part of tho field managed to bo thero or thereabouts at tbo close,- broken rails aud roundabout ways having allowed them their share of tbo fun ; but sovorol wero loft behind 'iu grief,' and of thoso who arrivod, Joe-king apart, boiuo could s:ar;oly bo distin guished from negro Berohaders.riggod out iu s:ar!ot. Both horses and hounds showed symptoms of ' bellows to mend,' and tho Master, after (rivitig them a fewiuiuutes to 'blow,' decided thoy .had had enough of it. Ac cordingly wo turned to tho road, but stopped iu about a mile to 'moisten our clay' at tho comfortable homo stead of Mr. N. This refreshing process over, and most of the stragglers having joined company, a line was struck homewards,' aid tho hnu'.:ds wero ordered to tho kennel. When wo had got nbout a quarter of » milo away from tlio pock, a surttlo.i biu-at of musio to tho left made us all tura in our siddbs, and .what should wo boo but tbo pack, streaming away after .somo flying ammal,.tho Wliip'nnd Alick vainly 6triviog to head them. ThofirBtthoughtwaB that thoy were riot ing, and sorno of our party started to lend a ia^d in whipping thom off; but, like John Gilpin's, ' Tho trot bocamo a gallop soon ;' and in a bincc of shakos all hands wero hamraor!ng along at tho best paco, to find out 'what tho row was about.' Luckily, by taking a course converging to the point, tho hounds , wero ?- making for, wj all got cIobo nn. nml - lincl ', n . : raiiifil , m\in ,»,-» some good country, though ono bankod up loj fonco, with a ditch on thstakooff side, was rather a .' eranor.' On reaching a farm, on tlio edge of an ugly B\ya i,p, tho hounds drovo their quarry' iuto a yard and cornered him, and Mr. Watson instantly dismounted ti havi- a look at tbo varmint ; but' what waa his sarpriso to dis cover that it was a fine black warrigal 1 'Iho hounds wero immediately floggod off, as I13 Boomed still quite fresh, and the thong of a' whip boiiig wi'li disunity got round his neck, ho was led away to have a soooud chau:o for his life, and given ten minutes' law. 'lliii oppor tunity he ? mado the niOBt of, for though tho pack hunted him till dark with unflagging jiereo: veranco, there was nover a ' tally-hs,'- aud ha lives, 'tis to ba hopod, fcr another day'a rally. Tho Inn ho afforded was of a moat superior descripiion, talciuK » lino of excellent count ry,' with occasional fou.'ea, and kindly leading us a circuit townward-i. Uuth l'cter and Bryan gave' their riders a nasty 'hunter'.' at tho 'com- mencement of this 'second act, '.but no harm wm done more than dirty coats aud breeches. '? But, although to get homo cleau, is no !;rcat desidera tum of a sportsman, yet the Master was h:artl to oxu^aiui, when asked if ho was hurt, 'D— n tha i'all ! I'd givo a tenner for the brush !' Hunting in tho dark boing uoithor pleasant nor ortho dox, the cua8e was given over just after aumlown, every body being in ecstasies at tho way tho hounds had fivprkell, aUd onfy regretting tljatold Sol^nld-not /stop ifip aiibthor;quiu- terofanilioutsoustohav(fboou.' out Mtho!dca4'f I /r-, i I 4 /'f-\ /-' f'Boviral |3ntl(jmok wlibjliavp not pro^ously slibwMin .tlio hun'fc,4nado thoir maitlon nppoaranWat tills, nteeE, :aiid;»uch attractivoiport.as thoy then found; illiquid 11V duco thom to appear rogiilarlv nt tho covert side. What ia,w.ealth without health ?and what oxercisois so healthy and iHyigoIratiiigr'lo'4nina,' body.^and.norve;' as that of:; ;«iB,fcKmof|-':' . i:; ' *?'.' ' i '; ' ''*'? 'u-'/r ?'?'-. 