MISOELLANEO US INFORMA TJOK. The 1 Limerick and Castleconncll Railway will be opened next summer. A Gas 'Consumers' Company is being formed at Waterfbrd— capital, 6,000, in '£5 Blmrcs. Lord Middloton has subscribed JB20 iownrds making a near approach to the chnpcl of liallin towlas, MidcUcton. county Cork. A lead and silver mino is slated to hnvo been dis covered by tho workmen iirtho excavation of the Limerick and Foynes Railway. — Munsler News. The Killocnlla estate, near Gtyn, in the- county of Limerick, has been lately purchased in the In cumbered Estates Court, by private contrast, at £9,000, by Charles Humphrey Miuchin, Esqi, of Rutland, in the King's County. The Tarbert pier is progressing fast, towards com pletion. This great structure, when finished, will cost, over £13,000. There will be twenty feet of water al the pier in the lowest state of tlio spring tide.no that ships of any burden may take in load ings and discharge cargoes at 'its side. — Munsler Dr'sTniiss in the PAnrsn of In'niskf.en-. — A Committee is being formed in the parish of Innis keen,'to collect contributions for the relief of the poor people whose crops weredestroyedin August last. A description of their condition will be pub lished next Saturday, and an nppeal made to tlio public on their behalf. We are certain that that appeal will be warmly responded to, and that the poor people who have hunger and want staring them in the face will bo speedily relieved, and their suflcrings turned into joy. —Dundalk Democrat, Illicit Dib'tiijIiATION.— On the. 13lli instant :the 33rd party of Revenue Polico, under the com madu of L*iout..E Graves, made a seizure of 12G gallon's of potalc at a .pkco called Broviglicv, in this county. The vessel containing (lie liquor was hidden several fcefc under the ground. Lieutenant Graves also discovered on the same occasion a number of the hiding places used by tne smug glers. Nothing was found in theso receptacles. — Sliyo Independent. Sale op Land in Kbbhy.— The Locke Estates, iii tlio county of Kerry, being encumbered to tlio extenfcof £39,000, the- English cgents set apart for sale so much as they conceived would at fail1 prices produce £40,000; the net rental consisting of rieavly £2,200. To tlie astonishment, however, of 11 concerned, the property realized, not merely the sum required, but brought within a few hundreds of £70,000, every penny of thepurchnso money being paid by residents of the county of Kerry. There wa3 0110 other feature' which proves in a peculiar and distinct manner- tlio gene ral advance of the country in prosperity ; that wna, the large pnrchases made by tlio working farmers, one of whoin paid for his holding a sum so high as £6,010. In all the pnrchafies of this class, lib less than thirty years' rental was given for the land, so that its eventual improvc moht alone, and that to a very considerable degi'CR/can adequately rornunorato tlio purchaser for his outlay. This disposition to invest, is becoming far more general throughout tlio country, and affords a healthy contrast, witli the timovou's state of mind of the peasant of former days, who thought the only way to secure his little hoard was by hiding his guineas in the thatch, carefully wrapped up in the 'traditionary stocking licel. Now wo begin to see more and more these idle coins made productive — applied to the higher cul tivation of the land or the better breeding of cattle, with a proportionately high remuneration follow ing the industry ofthe farmer. Let us hopp that this condition of things may continue, and at no distant day we may, with thefelcssing of Providence, lo'ok forward to see many of our exhausted turf bogs op.nverted into smiling pastures, and our now arid hill sides the feeding grounds of sleek eattlo ; and we may hope, too, that it shall bo many a day before our lusty millions will bo again compolled to cross the channel or the ocoan to find employ ment for their strong arms. — Corl Examiner. ExTJtAoiiBlNARY Feat. — An extraordinary feat in the way of farming was performed in the neigh bourhood of this town on ye'storday. Some few days since Mr. Thomas Kobertson, of the firm of Robertson and Diinlop, in Ihc conr3e of conversa tion with sdme gentlemen onga'ged in agricultural pursuits, 'undertook to procure a person able to sow. an acre of wheat in 20 minutes. Tlio perfor mance of such a task within this space of time being considered by thoao gentlemen almost impos sible, Mr. Robertson «at once named as his man ? Mr. James Bell, of Scaulen. Mr. Bell on yester day undertook the task in a field belonging lo Mr. llobortsOn, nt JCn'nppaghbcg, which he completed within the time agreed on, finishing tlio entire field, 1 acre, 2 roods, and some few porches in 22J minutes. Several competent judges were present who not alone expressed their surprise at tho feat, but also at the very beautiful and even manner in which the corn wa'a shaken. — Sligo Independent. Ma'itland Sciiool oi? Arts. — Tho Hev. Dr. ?Woolley opened the now building of 'this institu tion on' Thursday the 9th instant, by delivering tho first lecture* Thore is a proposal at the Mauritius to abolish tho oxport duty of 3d. per 100 lbs. on sugar, and to impose instead a tax on all grain. Admiral E. D. King, K. C. H. is suffering from pevcro indisposition, at his resideuco, Thankes, near Plymouth. Lord Clivo's original despatches, containing his account of the bottle of Plassy, and tho othor events ofthe subjugation of India, have lately been found at tho India House, bound together in a small volume. They are eminently characteristic. It is intended to confer the freodoni of tho city of. Edinburgh upon Dr. Livingston, tho distin guished African traveller. Mr. H. Augustus Coopor, our consul at Pernam buco, Bonds valuablo news from his district to the Foreisn Ofllce. which was communicated by Lord Clarendon to the Royal Agricultural Society at its meeting On Saturday. Mr. Cooper has been en gaged, by directions' from homo, in a survey of tho country; he has found, he writes to say, large strata of carbonato of soda, and a number of valuable nitrates, gold, and iron ore. Tlio carbo- . nato of soda stratum extends sixty miles, ' in any quantities';' alum abounds, gold is frequent both in quartz and in the streams) the whole mountain ' range of St. Icao seems to be composed of iron ore. The consul sends specimens, and by tho noxt op portunity will forward a small map of the country, with sonio suggestions respecting tho formation of iport at Camoci, for tho export of tlicso various productions. — Tablet. There Was an interesting festival at Home, in tho little church of St. Giovanni della Malva on Friday, 12th December, tho anniversary of ? tho Blessed Virgin's miraculous appearanco at GUiada lupe, which is always commemorated with great dovotion by tho Mexicans. The funds wero this year Bent to the Holy City by tho iaithful in Mexico, in order to celebrate a solemn festival in honour of tho Immaculate Mother of God on this auspicious day, with the special intention of entreating her protection trom tlio grievous lnis 'for'tunes which are at present nfllicting their ooun try. !-.i' Among the extraordinary disbursorrionts of tho Royal British Bank, there appears an itom for a considerable sum described us ' luncheons to direc tors.' Itaro wines and brandies, Scotch whiskies, Edinburgh ale, and Prestonpuns beer, woro ordered for tho regaling of these gentlemen after they got through thoir Usual official duties. And, as it was thought that it might conduco to the interests of tho establishment, each director was allowod to introduce a friend. Those ropasts were in reality Bnbstantial and sumptuous dinners, and tho ? oxpenso ultimately becamo so large as to excito alarm in tho mind of 0110 nervous director, who insisted on some regard to economy. Tho Southern U.S. Convention met nt Savan nah. On Deer. 10th tho debate was very exciting, boing on Mr. Croulding's resolution to re-open tho slavo trado, wliich was warmly advocated by some ofthe members, and as strenuously opposed by otliors. . Tho resolution was finally lost by an over whelming vote. Mktal Boats. — One of Mr. Francis' corrugated metal boats, employed in tho ordinary servico in Woolwich dockyard during tho lust six months, having been subjected to sundry tosts, in compe tition with other boats most approved in tho yard, has been pronounced equally light on tho wntor, much less subject to capsize, and far moro durable The boat has been constantly exposed to tho lmrdoBt scrvico sinco July last, and is now as good as ever. She has had no repairs, not even paint, since she left New York. This is the samb boat that was suspended with n Ion of rough stOno blocks in her, and tossed about on the wharf, and run against tho dock by four oarsmen for experimental purposes. — Times. . : A gentleman's servant at Plymouth i3 said to hnvo cbino into an immense fortune by the recent decision 'in 'Uio'Cour't of Chancery of a suit, which hns been carried on for upwards of a century. Four men engaged in knocking down an. old houso in Hospital this week found 100 sovereigns in tho wall, of tho rcio;n of George the Third, and dated 1791. We have seen soino of the coin, which is in a high state of preservation. — 'Limericlc Ob server. ABTT/ojr ton the Blind. — Tlio guardians ofthe 1 Casbcl Union are about establishing nn asylum for the blind nt tho auxiliary workhouse of Casflelako, nenr the city of Casliel. Thomas Garde, Esq., J. P., Garryduff Houso, is to bii High Sheriff of tho county Waterforc! for 1857\. Ho has appointed Edmund Folcy, Esq., Oubog, Sub-Sheriff. Tho London General Omnibus Company have addod to their establishment a detective depart ment, under tho direction of Mr. C. F. Field, late chief inspector of the metropolitan detectivo polico. The peculations of tho conductors aro stated to amount to upwards of £30,000 per annum, a sum almost incredible. There is a decrease of pauperism in tho Armagh union. Tho number of inmates, last year, was 313, in Christmas week ; and 'this year it is only 2GS. The guardians behaved liberally to tho poor in the workhouse on Christmas Day. They had an excellent dinner of beef and mutton, and in' the evening a plentiful supply of tea, bread and butter. This was as it should bu. — Gahvay Vindicator. The Mormon' exodus continues oii'.tho inoreasb, the numbor who haio sailed from Liverpool for Americun ports on their way to Utah, during the pnst twelve months being upwards of 4-J00O. Ac counts from the Great Salt Lake show, hoivever,7 that considerable numbers are continually leaving tho 'Nc\v Jerusalem,' some for California, and others for moro decent cities in the Unitod States. — JSngUili Taper. '* A lad of fifteen, 'Robert Mitchell, has been fright ened to death, near Alfroton in Derbyshire, by Por cival, a young labourer, acting the 'ghost' in a tablecloth at night, waylaying Mitchell in the fields. The fright caused such excessive nervous excite ment that tho lad died in less (ban a week. A coroner's jury havo returned ' manslaughter' against Porcival. Suicide. — Elizabeth and Janet Whito, of Lowor Largo, twin sisters, abont. Ihirty years of ago, and weavers, committed suicide, by tying a i-ope of their own make to the joists of the loom they wrought at, and then tying it round their necks. On this afternoon they wore seen by their mothor twining a rope, and they then stated to her that they both came into tho world together, and that they would both leave it together. Tho two unfor tunnto girls were very much respected ; and being steady, sober, and industrious girls, thcro can be no cause as yet given for thoir committing snieido. — JFiftshire Jovrnal. 