FACTS FOR FARMERS AND GARDENERS From tho May number of au excellent monthly jour- i nal, lately established in Melbourne, under tho title of I the 41 Victorian Agricultural ami Horticultural Grzette,' \ wo ox tract tho following paragraphs : — Uoi.cus Saccu auatus.— ' We learn with much satisfac tion, that Mr Assistant Registrar-Gem ral Archor, has just received a considerable quantity of a fresh variety of tho nbovo new Sugar plant. Wo have received Home of the seeds, which aro lying at our oilier. They are bright nnd fresh, having been Hecurely packed and font ftom Pans overland only two mouths ago. air. Archer has also obtained a treatise on tho Cultivation of tho Plant, hy M.M. Paul Madinicr, and Do I.acoste, which ho intends lo translato and puhlUh in a little serial called ** Facts and Figures,' tho first number to appear on the 1st of June. A copy of this, wo undeistand, may be had gratia, on forwarding to Mr. Aicher, in Mel bourne, tho amount of postage for a Binglo letter, in stamp*. Mr. Aicher will also forward a packet of a hundred seeds, free lo any practical cultivator, on lh»? H.nno terms. We sincerely hope tlio patriotic and liberal elVorts of Mr. Archer to introduce a new article of pro duce for tho benefit of the colony, will be crowned as they drs rve to be, with entire success. Tiik Hoi.lv Thkk. — The Hex, or Holly, Is just the tree for Australia, to break tho force of tho formidable sirocco in many bleak spots ; it will grow vtry well here, as wo have seen it in much warmer countries flourish, and I havo had my share in introducing it into Russia. The way to do the business here is to let the Government employ an agent in England (say one of those employed to ferret out emigrants for Victoria), let him not only send over largo quantities of holly steds, which requiro to be in sand or earth for ono year before they vegetate, hut let other kindsof deciduous tieo seeds ami evergreens Vo largely sent to Australia. Now is just tho time, ami as 1 am in possession of a secret way of bringing seeds out in good condition, I would be happy to communicate the same to those really interested iu Australian improve ment. — .1. Hikclaiii, Cottaok Fakmi.vo. — Cottngo farming-, if pursued only with spade, fork, pickuxc, und long iron punrh power, would mako any country great. It requires not such hords of cattlo and horses to labour at tho soil to make its inhabitants comfortable ; whore Mich nro cm „l, n.wl (U'..ra-..t-l-/..l in..., nr.. t.tn^n.1 i.. tlir. H.iino predicament, while (he farming lord is often found with a spur on his heel, hunting, horso racing, or gambling. A low acres of land well drained and well cultivated, may bo made to produce enormously; aud if tho owner cannot havo his cow, goat, poultry, or horso, he still may produce wine, oil, vegetables, nud bread, and from bis surplus stipplicaall other neccssaricB may bo produced. — J. Sinclair. Tub Fi'Hzk, oit Whin. — Few of our colonials are aware of what good furze plantations would cflect among | tho still' clays, or of tho largo quantities of wholesome i food for horses, cows, or goats might be produced from a limited space of ground from furzo culture. Tho loaves can bo bruised at little expense, and tho tops cut and rc-eut, like lucerne. Whoro whins have grown for a few years, corn will be easily produced. J. Sinclair. W ii bat as Horsb Food. — The dearncss of oats and hay, at tho present juncture, has had the effect of imluc ing many jpcoplo to resort to substitutes for these now rather expensive articles of horsekeep. Knowing, as wo do, that many persons in tho colony are in the habit of owning or attending on horses who know very little of ?the beast, or even the proper method of keeping them iu good -condition, we are not surprised to find that many valuable animals have fidlen vieiimi to the change from dear food to cheap. Wheat has been pretty generally adopted for oats, and if it had been properly given, would have produced no bad results. Hut wheat im properly administered is poison to a horse ; if properly i given it is good wholesome feed. To make it so, then, all that is necessary iB to scald, soak, or steam it well be fore putting it before the animal, and it may cither ho given alono. or which is better, mixed with oats, bran, or chaff. Administered in this way, it is product! vo of no had effects whatever ; but given either whole or cracked, but not swelled by any of the processes abovo mentioned it is highly dangerou-. Singular Pl\nt. — Within the last three years a very singular composite plant has made its appearance in the neighbourhood of Melbourne, ami from the rapidity of its increase threatens to occupy tho whole of our pasture lands, to tho exclusion of its legitimate occupauts. The plant has leaves like those of the British leontodon or dandelion, with innumerable blossoms, beautifully marked, and radiating. The centre or disk of each blos som prescuta a chasteness of colour and beauty of arrangement which it is difficult todescribo. Misr.RtRs of the Ovkuland Iloui K.— An ' Old Tra veller' writes to tho Times , from Hombay, complaining 1 bitterly — and certainly not without cause, if only half of what he slates bo authentic— of the discomforts and ill usage experienced by himself and others during a late journey to India overland. His reason for adopting this course, he states to be, that the virtue of a letter to the even from a distance of 10, 000 miles, may operate as a euro for tho imposition complained of : — 1 was one of al-out 140 persons (says tho writer) who om- i barked as passengers on hoard tho Peninsular and Ori- | pntal Company's steamer Colombo, at Southampton, on the 20ih of September last, to proceed to India by tho overland route. Up to the period of our arrival in Alexandria a merrier party could not well be found, or a voynge more agreeable be described. Tho weather was tine, the ship swift and strong tho captain and his ofliccrs and well- ordered crew left little to bo desired evou by the most fastidious. The saloons and cabins were roomy aud spacious, the table requisites and cnisinc good, and everything in the shape of wines and viands ex cellent and abundant. Your readers perhaps will hardly be prepared to believe that all this is nothing more than a lure— a highly-coloured picture hold up for the view of Englishmen aud Englishwomen. Once landed in Alexandria all is changed. The morning after our ar rival we started by railway for Cairo, and in about two hours crossed tho eternal Nile in a small steamer. Hero we had lunch, iu a largu* building very kindly erect -d for the use of the passenger* by his Highness Said Pasha, which wo washed down with some of All sopp's pale (for which, by tho way, we paid 2s. a buttle). Just when the train was ready to start it was ascertained thero was not sufficient carriage accommo dation for the first-class passengers. Through somo neglect tho carriages had not been sent from Cairo, and some 20 of us or more Were pointed out a third class carriage ' in which we could go.' This wo de clined, and to our quiet and just remonstrance at this treatment received the \ory curt reply: — 14 We might go or be left behind, just as wo pleased.' At this moment -ninm mllml mu 'nil u;ii the driver, blew his whistle. Wo all knew the being left behind meant a rido to Cairo on a Camel's back Under a blazing sun, or a delay for a fortnight in a dirty Egyptian town ; and in a house, n sort of a cross between an Jrish hovel, and a baker's oven ; and the train was already moving olVwhouwo all serfimblod iu. Putting aside for a moment tho question of our right to first 1 class accommodation, having paid for it, it must not bo supposed that wo objected to the tldrd-chiss without good reason. Fancy a largo oblong box, with closely latticed sides, in which there is barely room to sit up right; forms without backs, some of ihcm fresh from tho saw, laid across tho box so closely togi thor that un less you sat very far. back your knees pressed in the ribs of your neighbour before yon, your own ribs in the mean time undergoing severe pressure from tho man behind. However, there wo were, and we had only to make the best of it. By a littlo ir.uto persuasion, English hlustor, and, best of all, a littlo ' backsheesh,'' we managed to obtain from the previous occupants one end of the car riage to ourselves ; even then our position was far from being agreeable. IJeforo you was a Nubian iu greasy skin, ; holding a basket of decaying vegetables ; here a poor Turk, reeking with perforation ; there n group of lladji, with their dirty blankets crawling wi'h vermin ; here an Arab in his filthy rags nud bernons ; there, in the corner, a Copt woman, wiih only ono article of clothing, and that demurely covering her face; hero another, with a Hkin Hko untainted leathor, a little naked imp, tho picluro of deformity, seated astride upon her shoulder ; add to this the Hinothorlng clouds of dust and fine sand continu ally blowing in. nml I think that such of your readers as were enjoying n third-class trip to Windsor or Hampton Court ou lhat same day (Sundaw tho fnh of October) will admit that this was a very different affair. At last we arrived at Cairo, and the next dav performed our pilgritiuge across tho desort to Sue/. Thero such of us ns arrived by the onilior caravans had to wait until nil came up, nud of tho Grand Hotel thrro, conducted under the favouring and benign influence of the Peninsular and Oriental Company, I can only say that within tho last eighteen mouths it has been my fate to visit inn and hotel, khan ami caravanserai, nnbetgo and cabaret, in Europe, Asia, and Africa, hut such a compound of bad food, discomfoit, abomination, and filth 1 havo rarely met with, ami wo wore all del'ghted when wo got on board tho steamer tho next afternoon, fancying our an noyances were all at an end. Alas 1 thoy wero only com mencing. A large numbi r of tho passengers Went to Calcutta by ono steamer, those for Bombay in another. The ship to tho laUer placo (tho Noma) was constructed to carry .somewhere about forty first-class passengers ; we numbered between sixty aud seventy, consequently so-ne of us hud no berths, aud many wero obliged to put up with second-class or fore-cabin, of whom 1 was one. We had, it is tiuo, the ' privilege*' of taking our meals iu the saloon, but all the rest of tho day and night the an noyances, not lo Fny nuls;oiciS, from which we suffered wore sueh i\» few could, ami not many would, put up with. In the CohnnlK) everything in the shape of food was abundant and good ; here tho very reverse was the ense. The foregoing portion of my lettor, m Itiddike, applies only to tho personal grievances of myself and a few others ; but there Is a wider and greater one, which nfl'ecis many of the people of England and almost tho whole of India — file irteat aud uumcessary delay that occurs to the whole of the Indian mad. Tho distance from Suez to Hombav is in round numbeis .100') miles, or something less than thatfiom Southampton to Alexan dria. The voynge to the latter, notwithstanding a stoppage of three days at Gibraltar nnd Malta, was per formed in less than fourteen days— tho average speed was over twelve miles an hour. In the voyage to IWunbay the speed was eight miles, nnd the timo occu pied sixteen days. Were vessels of the same capacity ami power employed, and there is no reason why ibey r Si' - .d not. the same rato of speed would have landed ? ..nit in Hoinbay on the 17th of October instead of tho iJ.'Jir . The w hole of this delay must be attribuied to tho conduct of the Peninsular and Oriental Company, or lo tho want of management of their agents, in not pro viding proper vessels. Mo iu: Simvtvons or tiik T.vonnais.— The following (says the Time* of tho 17th F. brunry,) is a report mado by two men u m.cd Tuugar, « stoker, nud Cedas, a pn-won- irer, mi board the unfortunate Htotnnur Lvonnai', heforo tho French Consul at Ri \ at which port they wore land ed by tho American ship K sex, which hail picked thorn up at sea: — 'In the morning of tho hh nf November Ciptain Dijvsulx was in his gig wi»h IV. Clnriu, tho femme dc efutmhre, and five sailors. They 'ere uteoring at 301119 di-tfaneo from tho vesnel. About 11 o'clock wo lost siuht of them. 1 left tho raft nnd went on hoard the hyonnnif, were I was rejoined by 20 of our companions, tnoUly sailors. AH i f them, except four, immediately mndo an attack on tho provisions and wine. In was in vain that wo endeavoured to penmado them to assist in constructing a new raft ; they replied tint they would die on hoird the vc sd. For ih, who wished toe-» cipo death, wo began to construct two, which wo sent to tho largo one. Tho nLdit c -mo on stormy, and wns a dto td ful ono to pass. One of tho^maH rafts which wo hnd sent to the |-trge one, and which bad remained attached to tho hittur. parted it a hawser at 1 1 o'clock at night, and went adrift, having on it the chief cook, named CayoPe ; Romaiu, first Ntoker ; and four others. At lhat moment the sea was very rough, and every movement of the vessel gave such a shock to too large raft, which wns fastened to her, that wo thought it Would go to pieccs. The unfortunate men who were on it uttered the most piercing cries, begging that Ihe hawser might be cut and the raft set adrift before it went to pieces. That wo could not consent to, for if tlio raft floated away we thought wo should loso all chance of safety. Alas ! when daylight appeared not a vestige beyond the part to which tho hawser wns attached was visible. Ry the side of us our drunken companions wero still a*loop, with their bodies half under water. We sought, to rouse them up by declaring the vessel would soon go to pieces, and that it was neccs*ary to construct a new raft. Ono of them opened his eye*, and, finding that it rained, replied, ' I will not do anything while it rains.' Four men set to work with mo, and at (5 o'clock in the morning of the f-lh a last raft Was completed and launched. The water had then reached to a level with the deck of the vessel, and thero was not a moment to be lost. We got on the raft without provisions, and almost without clothes, with two empty barrels, the cabin doors, andsomecordago. 'l'ho raft was about 30 feet square. I had with me, besides my present companion, tho ship's steward, tho second cook, and a stoker, whose papers aro now in our possession. As to those who remained in the vessel, to the number of fiftceen, wo saw them take refuge in the fore part as the water roso over the alterpart. Wo had not got to more than four limes the vessel's length from her when she gave a lurch to starboard, and then suddenly disappeared, with a noise similar to an explosion of a mine. Thero was a smart breeze blowing at tho time, and tho sea was very rough. Our raft, formed of planks Throughout the wholo of the Sth, the weather was iqually, with rain, sleet, and snnw. On tho Oth there was a very heavy sea. The raft gave a heavy lurch, and tho second cook was washed awav. A short time after, another in despair threw himself into tho sea. The stew ard twice attempted to follow that example, but we dragged him on board again. He, however, soon after wards disappeared, after a heavy sea had washed over up. There now remained only two of uu. We had then become very weak from long fasting and exposure to tho wet nnd cold. Our hands and 1nf»j u'op/i evvMlrn Afc tt rt'ehuik 111 the morning of the 8th wo saw a ve«sel at alnut a cannon's shot distance, but she did not see us, and continued on her routo. At -1 o'clock in the afternoon we saw another steering for us, and she soon came close. We wero saved. \ Some of the crow of tho vessel jumped on our raft; and, findng thnt wo were too weak to move, had us slung and hoisted on board. Sho was the Essox, of Boston, bound to Hio with a cargo of ice. Tho captain and his wife treated us with the greatest kindness, and we arrived at , Rio on tho 25th of December.'' Ou being asked to furnish information as to the probable fato of tho other persons embarkod on board the I.yonnais, tho man de j clarcd that he had seen on the raft Richard and Yoisin, ' the two principal stokers, Kornucr. the coalman ; a young French girl who had embarked at New York a h femme dc ehambre to tho passengors, aud threo American lady passengers, one a young girl of from 10 to 12 years of age. These women had been picked up nftor the loss of ono of tv ? boats. The man further affirmed that ho saw on bo ' the vessel during the last night the two coal men (IJrsmot and Louis), and the first stoker (Romain), Cuyolie, tho head cook, and some others. England's Ricuks and Resources. — As anon as you enter England, which, with Wales, is no larger than tho Btaie oi ueorgia, uus ma it; isiauu wireLenua oy an musum to tho dimensions of an empire. The innumerable details, nnd crowded succcssion of towns, cities, cathe drals, castles, and great decorated estates, tho number \ and power of the trades and guilds, tho military power and splendour, tho multitudes of rich and remarkable people, the servants and equipages — all these catching tho eye, and never allowing it to pause, hide all boun daries by tho impression of magnificence and endless wealth, I roply to all the urgcticios that refer mcfo this and that object iudispensably to be seen — yes, to see England well needs a hundred years; for, what they told mo was the merit of Sir John Sonne's museum in London, that it was all packed nnd well saved— is the merit of England it is stuffed full in all corners and crevices, with towns, chtirchcs, villas, palaces, hospitals, and charity houses. In the history of art, it is a long way trout a croiuiecu to lorKinmsier; yei nil mo inter mediate steps may still be traced in this all preserving island, 'i'he territory lias a singular dircctlou. The climate is warmer by many degrees than it is on titled to by latitude. Neither hot nor cold. Thero is no hour in the whole year when ono cannot work. Hero is no winter, but such days as we havo in Massachusetts in November, a tompornture which makes an exhausting demand on human strength, but allows ; tho attainment of tho largest stature. Charles the se- i com! said, ' It invitod men abroad moio days ill the 1 year and more houis in tho day than any other country.' Then England has all tho materials of a working country, except wood. The constant rain,— a rain with ovory tide in some parts of tho world, — keeps its mul titude of rivers full, nud brings agiicultural production up to the highost point. It has plenty of water, of stone, of potter's clay, of s;dt, of coal, and of iron. Tho land naturally abounds with game, immense heaths and downs aro pavod with quails, grouse, and woodcock, and the shores aro animated by water-birds. The rivers and tho surrounding sea spawn with fish ; thero are salmon for the rich, nnd sprats and horrings for the poor. In the northern lochs the herrings aro iu innumerable shoals ; at one season tho country people say, the lakes contain one part water and one part fish. — English Traits, by li. W. Emcraon. A Mormon Madman. — A Coponhagon journal pub. liabed tho following. A young man named Niehon, poMosfod of small fortune, and a horticulturist in tho village of Brahtralloborg, near Vnuborg, in tbo Irio of Fioniu, bncmio about two years ago converted to Mnr monism; and liko tnoAt couvorU ho maifested groat zoil for his new faith. Ho prcsaml his wife, a young woman of exeullo.it character, to omhraee Morinnnistn also, but she positively rtfnuo to abandon tho Lutheran creed, iu which sho had been brought up. Finding his efforts vain, he heoamo niuoh exuitcd, and recently declared that ho would repudiato her, and go with hi* threo chiJ Iren to tho country of tho M -rmom in America. A few days hack thoy had a violent quarrel ou the Miibjrjot, and in tho dead of night he uroiuod bin wife, aud to hor surprise sho raw that ho Inula torch in one hand and a poniard in tho other. He said tint an angot had ap. penred to hiui, and had charged him in tho namoof God to convert her to thofaiih of tho Mormons. Tno younu woui iu said sho would floomtr die than ohanffo hor reli gion, whoreupon he cried, u Then perish in final impun itenco 1' and nt tho same moment ho stabbed her three timet in tho abdomen with hU poulard ; but finding that ho did uotkill her,]he went in*o the ki'ohcn for a lar^o knife, und with it cut hor throat. Shortly after ho otllod up his servant, tuado her preparo him a breakfast of which ho partook heartily, and he then went to the authorities, stated tho preceding circumstances, and was .it his own request lodged in gaol. OiiAitACTKiturnc Ankcdotk.— At the Lonhaber Agri cultural Society's dinner, au incident oceumri which formed a vury interesting finale to the day's proceed inus. A K'intlemnn, apparently n tourist, arrived nt tho hotel, just as tho party were about to sit down to dinner — he asked ami was iiniuodintely granted permission to Join ; throughout the evening he made himself particu larly agreeable, aud his health was proposed nH 'Tho Strnuircr,'' and verv cordially drunk. On rising to re turn thanks ho said — 'In tho course of my life I have scon some rough days ami many pleasant ones, 1 havo lived leu months in a snow-house without once warming myself at a fire; I have had my inocaHsins cutoff my legs with a hatchet; I have had to kill my own food ..... ? ? .,1 I 1.n..» 1... ? ..,1, I |l.„ „„nnu. '?ill ill* li ' » , ii ?? ♦ * ut* vi il umiViiii » nv , ' Hity of living on bones; but all these things are easily foigotten when I meet with such a pleasant party as is now around me. As I am an entire stranger to you all, and as 1 have received so much kindness from you. il is hut fair that you should know who lam; my namo is H»c, nn l you may havo huird it associated with the Franklin Expedition.' At this announcement the as tonished party started to their feet and gave Dr. Rae a most enthusiastic reception. The cheering lasted several minutes, after which l3r. Rao showed some of tho articles which had indicated tho probahlo fate of Sir John Franklin and his party. 'They consisted of a piece of gold and two silver wafchcs, a small anchor, several coins, a spoon, with a crest engraved on it, tScc. Dr. ltno had been ou a visit to Mr. Edward Ellicc, M.P., at GJenrjuoich, and was on his way to Castlo Mcnzics. Nai-ollon in 1)i:atu. — Death had marvellously im proved tho nppiaraiioenf N ipoleon, and every ouo ix chiimed whon tho face wan exposed, 'll»w very boauti ful !»? — for all present acknowledge that thoy hid never Meeii a finer or a more re^u'ar end placid countenance. Thohoiutyof tho dclioto Italian feature* was of the highest kind, whilnt tho exquisite seronity of their ex pression wan in tho moat striking contrast with tho ro collection of bis ^rmt notions, impetuouB character, and turbulent life. Ai during his eventful cireer thero was much of the mysterious nml iiii-crutablo about him, to oven after death B mnparte's inanima'o remains pre sented a puzzle nnd a mystery, for notwithstanding hi* great sufforitigH nnd tho usual eunciuting effects of tho mnlady that destroyed him, tho body was found enor mously fit. The framo wan ns unsusceptible of material disintegration as tho spirit hnd boon indomitablr. Over the sternum, or breast bono, which is generally only thinly c ivorod, there wa* a coat of fat an inch and a half thick, and on the abdomen two inobes ; whilst thu omentum, kidneys nnd hourt were loaded with fat. The lunc organ was remark tbly small and tho muscle flabby, in contradiction to our ideal associations, ana in proof of tho seeming paradox, thnt it is possible to be a very great, man with a very littlo heart. Tbo seat of tho malady of which he died was his stomach, which ulceratod all over bko a honey comb. Several peculiar ities were noticed about tho body. He appeared at some timo to havo had an hsuo opened iu tho arm, nnd there w;is a slight mark liko a wound in tho leg. The choit wa « not ample, aud thoro was something like fom iuino doMc icy in tho roundness of the arms and small nos* of tho hands and feet. Tbo head waa largo in pro portion to the body, with a fiuo massy, cipactous fore head. Niout. — Night, levels all artificial distinction, Tho beggar on his pallet of straw, snores as soundly as the king on bis bed of down. Night — tho earthly paradise of tho slave, tho sweet oblivion of the care-worn soul, the nurse of poetry, of devotion — how the great panting beast of society yearns for tho return of night and rest I Sleep is God's spocial gift to the poor ; but for the great thoie is no fixed timo for repose. Quiet they have none; and Instead of calmly awaiting the approach of events, they fret and repine and staro sleep, and chide tho tardy hours; as if every to-morrow were big with the fate of some great hereafter. Tho torrent of events goes roaring past, keeps eager expectation constantly on tiptoe, and drives timid slumber away. There is something sirangelv beautiful in the contemplation of night— when Ihe smiling stars seem to do homage to their palcfaccd queen, and tho cl -uds float silently through the tranquil skv, and tho wind speaks in soft whispers, as if fearful of waking the sleepers. Such is the sweet repose of blameless conscience. But when tho hues of evening | slaut dimly away, when tho cheerless curtains of dark ness are drawn, when tho atrial shadows loom up and flit along the vaulted arch M like grim ghosts trailing black ness through the heavens, '' — such is tho fearful shadow that hangs over tho brokon slumbers iu which there is no peace. Dreams. — Strange, startling, and imperfect, bat roal and direct messengers from the Jufiuito are our dreams, l/ke worn out couriers, dying with tho news at the threshold of thu door, dreams ho em sometimeo nnablo to 1 utter tboir tidings. Or is it rather taut we do not yet understand their language, and must often thus lay missives aside which contain at once our duty and our destiny. No theory of drcauift, as yet, seems ontiroly , satisfactory ; but inont imperfect are those theories which deny iu thom any preternatural aud prophetic n,,f Wh uf. mun f ,r v»-irn wufid^.a l,u rlr^ms ranges thom each morning round his couch, compares 'hem with each oOier, 11 spiritual things with spiritual/' compares them with ovents, without a profound con viction that a superhuman powor is Uniting, mingling, interweaving, ' with those shapeless shapes' — that in dreams he often couvcrses with the dead, meets with the loosened Rpirits of the sleeping upon common ground, exerts powers unknown to his waking moments, recalls tho post though perished, sees the present though dis tant, and descries many a clear spot through the midst of tho future. Tho dreaming world — as the rogion where all elements are mingled, all contradictions reconciled, all senses lost in ono— supplies us with the only faint [ conception we have of that awful now, in which the Etornal dwells. In every dream does not the soul, like a stream, sink transiently into tho deep abyss whence it oamo, and where it is to mergo in death ? Aud are not tho confusion and incoherence of dreams like the hubbub tho foam, and tbo fttru?glo with which tho river weds the ocean ? — Hards of the Eiblc. A Russian Railuoad. — Nicholas tho First of Rus sia, had quite an original way of transacting buaiuo&4. Ho seut ono day for his engineer1, and gavo them eight days to bring him tho routo of a railroad to connect St. Petorsburgh with Moscow, At tbo end of the allotted time tho plan was prepared. ** What/' said he, looking at It — 11 What id all this — this eerpontino track; You must have misunderstood me.' ' Sire/' said tho spokes man, ' we have drafted tbo shortest routo which would embrace on the lino tho lending towns and villages.' ?' Givo uio a pencil and rule/' ho said, and he struck a bee-line from ono city to tbe other. 44 Here — you under stand mo ?' 44 But, siro. you leave tho largo towns en tirely out of eight.' 'That is thoir affairs ; let them o-mo within sight.1' Aud so the road was built as straight as an I. Note of Trafalgar. — Lord Nelson's woll known valet, Tom Allen, lived for somo timo eloso to me, he being thou retained In the service of Sir William Bolton I mot Tom almost overy day in my walks, and often got Into chat with him about bis bravo ond noblo master Lord Nelson. Among other thingB I npoko of hi* wear ing his decoratious at Trafalgar. Now Tom, who bad boon with bim in so many other engagements, was by more accident provented from arriving iu time on that last memorable ocoacioD, having left Loudon after his lordship and not arriving till tne battle was over and his master's career of glory brought to a brilliant close. But it may be amusing to record Tom's opinion and observations. Ho oaid, ' I never told anybody that if I bad boon thero Ljrd Nelson would not bavo beon killed ; but this I havo said, and say ogalu, that if 1 had hnnn t.hnrA hn nhnnlrl not. havrt nut OQ that COat. Ho would mind mo like a child ; nnd whon I found him bont upon wearing his finery boforoa battlo i always provented him.'' Tom,' ho would sayi ' I'll fight tho oattlo iu my best coat.'- 41 No, my lord, you shan't.' ' Why not, Tom I' ,4 Why, my lord, you fight tho battle first, and then I'll dress you up in all your stars and garters, and you'll look Bomotimos liko.' Thus poor old faithful Tom Allen gavo himaolf credit for having saved his master's lifo by his rigid disoipliuo in attire on for mor occasions; and it was evident that ho was of opin ion that ho should havo sived it onco more ot Trafalgar. Tom'tj ucconutsof othur memorable evoutsof Nelaou'slifo wero given with equal tiaivcts. Ills old ago was rendorod comfortable in Qroenwich Hospital, whoro ho bold the otHco of posrteror till his death.— -F. 0. IL, in Noosand Queries. Marshal Soult's Opinion*.— 1 ' Went this morning. Jutiq 15th, 1827, to Lady William Bontinck's ; whore I mot Sou It. Wo fell Into conversation, and continued it ou vari'iitfl subjocts for at least two bonrB, Ho wa* very inquisitive as to iho actual state of Persia, of Tur key, and the probnblo dosigtiH of Russia. The freedom with which I gavo my sentiments upon theso points had lis effect upon him, and he lost by degreos all that reserve which belongs to bis usual character. He npoko of Huonaparto'B designs ngainst England.^ Ho ])0-- HosHed, be said, a voluino of loiters on tho subject^ 4 Tho project said ho, ' which ho formed of au Invasion was suited to his tactic*, which were to march diroctly to his points. If ho conquered England, Euiopo was con qtirred I nnd he cared nothing for tho advanco of tho legions of Germany, provided he could havo dated one letter from London.' 4 Tho battlo of Trafalgar,' said Soif.t, 4 dispelled the charm; but when ho marched ngainst Russia, it was still England that was bis object, and nil means that Russia could furnish, had that expe dition succeeded, would have been turned nguliift India. Wo might never havo brought bnck a man from England had we gone o. cr, nud our troops might hnve perished on tho road to India; but Napoleon was sincere aud earnest in both these projects. Soult, speaking of Spain, snid hedid not concur with mo in thinking iho condition of that country would involve tho continent. 4 Your recognition of the independence of its colonics, has put nn extinguisher upon the importance of that e aintr)/ Speaking of South America, he observed— * Tliero nre few greater wonders in this extraordinary age than that of Englishmen nnd English capital being employed iu working the mines of Mexico; andifall yon r steam engiuo*/ said lie, 'work togood purpose, where isthat relative value of gold aud silver? TIioko lUvtals, when found in great quantities, must ccaso to havo their prcsont price ; and what changes might we not expect from this revolution in tho value of money throughout the globe/ Soult said that England presented at this moment the most extraordinary spectacle of a nation, which, raised as it wns nbovo others hy unparalleled credit, Was noiv ou full inarch to improvements of every kind, and giving an impulse to lhe whole world. 4 During the late pro tracted contest/ said ho 4 you spent your revenue ten times over; nnd now your mini*LiB, guided as they are by public opinion, nre taking step by Htcp to advance you hi il! higher. Your hold adoption of new pr'nclples of commercial policy must bo attended with benefit, and other nations must follow the same paih.' Soult spoke with enthusiasm o*i Peel's Bill on Juries. He told tne that he thought Greece would yet involve Europo. He agreed with me that in Russia, ns a military empire, progress wnB a law of existence. Sho could not stop ; but he thought her views pointed more to the West than the East at this momont ; her views to the Enst could alone be directed against us, aud her Jealousy of England was natural. 1 I speak with more freedom/ sail he. 4 on such subjects, as my country is not now in a position to act a prominent part; but Russia must certainly lo »k with f-olieitude to t very available means to counterbalance that great power you derive, both in peace and war, from your superiority ut sea.' '' — Life of Sir John Ma Icohu. Tiik Ear — Although perf ctly untutored, it can liston to many sounds nt once, distinguish their difference, and conipaie them together. Every one muat bo con scious of this. The simplest two-part tune demands from its bearer the simultaneous perception of a bass and a treble note, which Imniess the car nt exactly the same moment, but nre perfectly distinguished from each other. A piano-forte player executing such a tuno re quites alternately to shift his eyes from tho bass to the treble, for he cannot see simultaneously the notes as he can hear them ; nnd every ouo may easily observe the contrasted power of the eye and the ear by trying to read simultaneously all tbo staves of a four-part song, whilst he is hearing it sung. Even nn impt rlVet musical car will, without an effort, distinguish each of the four voices s'nging different not s; whiKt tho most skilful eve cannot rend more than a note or a chord at a time. I suppose every one has noticed the contrast between the air of anxiety which musical performers wear when pla\ing from music, compared with the serene or ex ultant look which sits upon their faces when playing from nu morv or improvising. This applies evon to the greatest musicians, ami cannot bo conquered by educa tion ; for no training will confer upon the eve powers similar to those which tho car possesses without any training. — Dr. Wilson. Nkw Mode op Removing Tumours, — Dr. Simpson, of Edinburgh, has been experimenting on tho removal of tumourR by a mothod novel in this country. Ho in troduces a hollow acupuuctuTO needle, or very fine tro cir, into their tinsue, ar.d injeots a few drop* of Bom* irritant liquor— such as solution ? f chl -rido of ziue, per chlori lo of iron, or creosote. Tho effect baa beon to destroy the vitality of tbo tumours bo treated, and they have been separated by a process of enucleation. Wo have seen a somewhat similar plan adopted iu Paris of M. Mutsonnetivc. 11) has slender style's mude of a psHte composed of fi mr, water, ond chloride of zinc. Theso nro bitk^.d. A pnncutro is made in thu tumour, the caustic stylet is inserted, broken off, and lefc. Wo saw several malignaut tumours treated in this manner, aud somo cases in whioh a healthy granulating surface was left after tho separation of tumours which hud been destroyed in this mnnnar. Strong La.vouagk. — The American pipors are fond of u strong 9 language. Tae 'Now Yoik Timoa'thus heads the report of a political meeting : — Blood aud mur der — thunder and lightning — fire and fury — dissolution, or otorual smash. 