LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. Il.LOSTBlTIOSB OF TASMANIA. — We liaVO to apologise lor not having noticed sooner, the Pros pectiiB of a proposed new work under this title, to bo prepared bv Messrs. Day and Son, lithogra phers (o the Queen, and which will assume tho shape of tho library edition of RolierU's Holy Land, and its plates will correspond in size and execution with tho largest plates in that work. The prospectus states that. ' It has been felt that a representation of some of (ho scenes of natural Iwauty with which Tasmania abounds would not only bo interesting to colonials, but bo productive of advantage to the Island, bb tending to supply that authentic information as to its climato and capabilities which would now lie sought for in Great Britain in vain. It is proposed that, upon a sufficient number of subscribers to the work being obtained, the holders of sketches of Tasmania!) scenery shall lie invited to submit them to the undcrnamed Committee, by whom selections of the views best adapted for illustration will be made The original sketches will lie transmitted to England, tho Committee undertaking that overy possible care shall lie taken of the sketches which may be entrusted to them. Mr. U. W. Nutt, Holiart Town, has undertaken to iccoive suliscriptions to the woik. and to return the amounts, if anv impediment should occur to the publication. Tho price, calculating on receiving an order for 260 copies, will lie £2 12s. Gd. for each copy, but a (eduction in price may be ex Sected up in a larger number of copies being or eied. Intending subscribers are invited to furnish the names of their friends in tho adjacent colonies, or in England, who may bo interested in Tasmania, and to whom therefore prospectuses of the work may be forwarded Custom Hodsb.— Return of Grain and Flour imported and exported at the port of Hob*rt Town, during the week ended 19th .Tune 1857, inclusive— Imports— Nil. Exports— Barley, 178 bushels; Oats, 4801 bushels. Return at the port of Laun ceston, during tho week ended 18th Juno 1857— Imports— Nil. Enpotts— Rarley.Si hushelB; oats, 7500 bushels ; wheat, 102 bushels ; flour, 59 tons. New Journal. — We have received the first num ber of a newspaper entitled ' Facto and Figuree, or notes of Pi-ogres*, Statistical and General, for Australasian cumulation.' It is edited bv William Henry Archer, Assistant Registrar-General of Victoria. We dnnbt not if it come up to th» features nf the prospectus as given in this the first number, that the journal named will prove highly useful as a medium for refeicnce and information, in fact and figure, to knowledge-seeking cor respondents, n-»ident not onlv in Victoria, but in the adjacent colonies, and in the United Kingdom. The numliers will appear every fourth week. Single copies will lie furnished gratis to all those who remit the cost of postage, and the yearly series will be posted regularly to all enbscrihers of five shillings per annum. Communications are to the ' Fditor of Facts and Fignren,' W. Fairfax and Co., 78, Collins-street East, Melbourne. The late Mr Hugh Miller. -The deeplv dqilored death of this excellent and distinguished man, is still the engrossing subject of conversation from one extremity of Scotland to another. It is a cu lions fact, in connection with his brilliant career and lamentable end, that his father, shortly heroin Mr Miller's birth, and when looking forward to it with deep interest, had a dream to the effect, ihit he should have a rcJ-haired son, who should vis* to great distinction in the world and then die by his own hand. All these anticipations foraied in the visions of the night, have been rcmaikubly fulfilled in the person of the late Mr Miller— equally so in hiis life and in his death. It is a no less curious fact that this dream ofhis father's was not only well known in Ihu dmily, but that more or less importance was attached to it by ita members.— English Paper. Extraordinary Coincidence —An advertisement appeared a few days since, announcing the appoint ment of an additional Inspector to the Denomina tional School Room, Melbourne, salary £600 pur year. Mr. Maxwell Miller started by noach on Saturday last for Launceston. For lha last week or (wo the editorial articles of the Daily News have teemed with recommendations to various parties to piosectl to the other journals lor libel, and magniloquent vaunt'ng about the ? man of straw,' the necessity of getting ? security for costs,' In the Insolvent notices of this morning we find in cluded the name of Robert Thomas Coghlan Yates— the recognised editor of that punctual journal.— Advertiser. Mr. Miller.— In consequent of a malicious in sinuation in yesterday's Adverliscr that the pro prietor of (his paper had gono to Mcllioiirne we deem it necessary to state (hat Mr Miller is At present on a visit to his brother, Mr, Byron Miller, in Launccston, and will probably be' in Holiart Town by tho end of next week.'— Daily News of Thu aday. Patcy v. Davies.— Wo hoar that a suhscjipMnn is to be set on foot for tho benefit of tins plaintiff in this action, whoso damages were recently esli rartcd at one fii thing.— Ibid Presonlation.— The Uov. James Lindsay of tho Free Church in Launceston, received last week the gift of £130 from his congregation, as a mark of their esteem and appreciation of Ilia ministerial duties and services amongst them. Runaway Prisoner of the Crown.— John L»w ton. alias .Mill Lake, was brought before (he City Court yesterday charged with lie ing a imiawav prisoner of the Crown from Van Diemcii'H Lami. It was proved that he had been resident in I hit colony six years, but the Bench considciod the charge of absconding substantiated, and directed him to be forwarded to Van Diemen's Land The defendant declared (hat ho had never seen Van Diemcn's Land, but that he had no objec tion to the decision of the Uench. as he wished to ace the country.— Melbourne liorald, 20th instant. The Arbitration Cases. — In tho case of Mr. James Smith, and Mr. James Williams, the arbi trators Mess™ Cleveland and Weedon chose Mr Crookos as umpire, and awarded the sum of 4C81 8«. 8d. to be paid hy the 10th July next to Mr. Williams by Mr. Smith. The award in tho otliei case has not: yet been decided. The Bishop of Tasmania is about to proceed to Sydney by the Tasmania, on her next trip, on important church affairs. — Advertiser. KouBBnits.— A man named Me AulifTe, was knocked down by two boys in Klizalieth-stveut, late on Wednesday night last, and was roblied of his watch and chain. A quantity of chaise-can harness, severa.1 fowls, and other articles were stolen from the premitcs of Sir. R Fuller, in Franldand-Btreot, on Thursday night. Four ducki, a coat, vest, shirts, and some other articles wero stolen from tho premises if Air. Thomas Jones, Britannia Inn, Wellington- street, yester day morning. Several articles of women's' wear ing apparel won- stolen from the servant of Mr. Bryant, Market House Tavern, lately. A woman named Sarah Fagan, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment, at the Police- office, yesterday, for stealing shoes from Mr. Long's shop in Charles- street; and on the previous day, Thomas Garrett was sentenced to a similar temi of hard labor, for walking off with a pair of hoots from the shop of Mr. Margraves in Ellzalwlh-slreet, leaving his old boots instead, probably on the principle, tint an exchange is no robbery. Shooting a Stoker.— Under this head, in our issue of the 1th April, wo reported as follows : — ' On Wednesday night John Cainpfield, a stoker, who ought to have heon nn board the ' Royal Shepherd,' was shot in the xlumlder by a man he describes as n tall Irishman, with awife and child,' in a lodging house in William-street, near tho 1 Salmon and Mall.' It appears from the rather strange statement made by the wounded man, that the ' lal! Irishman' asked him to drink, and he no doubt willingly compiled, when his enter tainer offered to show ' him how he did it in his country,1 and by way of elucidation, took out a pistol and fired at him, the ball taking offect on Ilia left, shoulder He then drew another pistol anil was about to give him another sample of ? how they did it,' when Cainpfield caught his arm : they struggled Rnd fell, and the tall Irishman with wife nnd child escaped. Tho wounded man was taken to Dr. Casey, who sent him to tho hos pital. The wound in the shi-uldcr is but slight. The Irishman is not known in town ; he had only anivod from the bush, where it is supposed he works as a sawyer and splitter. It jb stated that ho was scon hy some person early on Thursday morning leaving town with his wife and child. Probably the conduct of the wifo was the cause of the quarrel, lint at. present the affair IB rather mysterious.' The Police have apprehended thn ? tall Irishman* who turns out to be a man in the service of Mr. Lament, named Patrick Lalley. He was brought 'ip at tho Police Office yesterday, when Gampficld, and another witness identified him as the man who fired at Cainpfield. He stands remanded until Monday next. Post Office.— LetteiB detained being insuffi ciently stamped, or not hearing stamps at all. — Mr. Benjamin, Licensed Victualler, Perth. Mrs. Flight, Hagloy Post Office. Miss H. Metcalf. Kent Brewery, Sydney. Margaret Marshall, Ijnuneefton, (who Ibiraorly lived at Hill Head Farm, W. Stirling, Scotland.) The Tows Clock,— Mr. Tozer h is nearly com pleted the necessary arrangements for putting St. John's Church clock in thorough repair, and for adding another face to the west or front side nf the church tower. The collector will call upon those subscribers to the church cluck fund, who liavo not yet paid, as it will be necessary to pay the con tractor on the completion of the work io the satis faction of the committee. Found.— Mr. Clemcnta, of Frankland-etieet, yesterday found a lantern and two bags containing harness, tarpaulin, gig mat, home brush, saddle cloth, wealing apparel, &c; They were con cealed in a paddock, at the rear of St. Paul's School. Tho Inspector of Police — Mr. Forster arrived in town on Monday morning last, sinco which time he lias been very busy in ninking judicious* * alterations amongst the police Force. The Wstc Police are to lie disbanded on the 30th instant. I District Constables Cotton and Ecott aio to lie either pensioned or allowed gratuities for long service. Several of the Town Police have also got notice to lea^o «t the end of the current month, and amongst them Sergeant Harrington, of George Town notoriety. Uif We beg to remind those inleiestcd that the Northern Agricultural Association, will hold their next meeting at the Blenheim Hotel, Long ford, at 11 o'clock a.m., on Wednesday next. {0° WcsTBnnY. — We ore requested to call the attention of the shopkeepers, dealers, and the in habitants in general of the Wcsthury district, to the extensive aalc of wines, spirits, bottled ale and porter, with tea. sugar, soap, and tobacco, and a large and well assorted general stock of merchan dise, all well suited to the season, the whole just imported, and will be sold by F J. Honghton, at O'Meara's stores, without reserve, on Tuesday and Wednesday next, at eleven o'clock eaeli day. Terms liberal and a first rato opportunity of laying in a wintei 's stock. fiT' THE4TBB Uoyai..— We a:ti pleased to find, that the talents of Mrs. Poole, and of the excellent company now at the Theatre Royal, are becoming better appreciated in LnunceRtnn The house has boon excessively crowded several nights this week. On Wednesday evening, it was impossible for lh- e« who were nnt in at an early hour, «i obtain a scat in it. Mrs. Poole's impersonation of ' Juliana,' and II r. John Dunn ns the ' Mock Duke,' in the comedy of tho ' Honeymoon,' were irn'sistihle. Thn Pantomimic Drama of (he ' Dumb Man of Manchester' waa excellently got up, and well placed on the stage. Tom, the dumb mar, is one of Mr. J. Mungall's favourite characters, and it is a most difficult one, but he. succeeded in doing it full justice. ' Love's Sacrifice' was again most effectively produced on Thursday evening. Last night the performances were vorv varied, conn'sling of ' Gilderoy ; 'Song, by Mr. Wigan ; the petite comedy of ' The Mys terious Lady ;' md concluding with the farce of 'The Ghost in Spite of Himself;' Mis Poole appeared as Zcphcryna tho Mysterious Lady. ' Macbeth' is to he re-praducod this evaning with Locke's music, and all the accessories, which ren dered it such a brilliant affair on Monday night. ' The Gmen Hushes,' and other favourite pieces are in preparation fm- next week, lint we regret to hear that Mrs. I'oolo takm her farowell benefit on Wednesday evening. Perils of the Rail in Americn —The rays of the sun nuver penetrate tho forest, and evening was deepening the gloom of the artificial twilight, when gradually we became enveloped iu a glaro redder and fiercer than that of m onlight ; and looking a head I saw the forest on fire, and that we worn rushing into the dimes. ' Clo^e !he windows ! there's a fnc ahead !' said the conductor and after obeying his common place diredion' nnny of the passengers returned to their slumbeis whUi hail Imimi do iinu-asmnlily dirinrlied. On on we nishi'd— the (lamas encircled us around— we were enveloped in ilouds of Hitting smoke— cnuli, eiash went tho trues— a Mazing stem fell acroBJ the lino— tho fender of the engine pushed it aside— tho flames hiBseil like tongues of fire, and then leaping like serpents, would rush up to the top of the largest tree, and it would Maze like s pine-knot. There seemed no egress ; but in a few minutes the raging, roaring confligralion was left Iwhind. A forest on fire from a distance looks very much liko Punch's picture of a naval review, « near view is the hoight of sublimity. The dan gers of the ? ars, to my inexperience, Wmed bv no means ovor with tho escape of being roasted alive. A few miles from Cleveland they rushed down a stoop incline, apparently into Like Erie, but in reality upon a platform supported on pilos, so nar row that tho edges of the cai« hungov«r!t. eo that I saw nothing but water. A gafo was blowing, and drove tho surf upmi tho platform, and the spray against the windows, giving rach a feeling nf insreurity that for a moment I wished myself in one of our ? coon sentry-boxes.'— Englishwoman in America. 