THE TURF. VICTORIA JOCKEY CLUB RACES. Second Day, Thursday. The genial weatlierot yesterday attracted a large number of persons to the race course, and the numbers present were estimated at scarcely Jess than ten thousand. The racing was of first-rate character, and engaged nearly all the best horses in the colony. The first was a mile race, weight for age, for the Publican's Purse, and brought the following com petitors to the post:—Linnot, Haphazard, Stranger, Marco, Dormot Asthore, Sir Robert, Kildare, Coo., ramin, and Beeswing. This was a very fast race throughout. Stranger cut out tho work soon after starting, and with Dormot 4-Slhore, Haphazard, and Linnet close at his heels, made the running to the lust turn, where Lionet went in front, was never afterwards headed, and won in a canter by six lengths, Haphazard was second, and the Stranger third. Time 1 min, 56 seconds. The Pony Race had only three cntrios, Nanny, Ratty Darling, and Piccaninny Boy. The gray pony made tlie running throughout, and won cluvorly by a length. Piccaninny Boy bolted at the getc, but was brought back, and camc in in time to save his distane-j. Time 3 niin. 12 sec. A protest was entered against Nanny, on the ground of a cross at the distance; but after hearing tlie evidence, tlio stewards decidcd that the objection was no1: sustained. The Trotters' tiandieap brought five to the post, and Rambler won very easily, beating Betty, Donald, Tommy, and Fanny Grey. Donald took the lead at starting, and maintained it for nearly four miles, when Tip. broke twice and was turned round; Rambler then took the first position, and I was never afterwards headed. Tommy and Fanny Grey were beaten off early. Time 13 minutes 48 seconds. The great race of the day, the Metropolitan Handicap, brought out Veno, Voltaire, Alice Hawthorne, Goldfinder, Inkermann, Van Tromp, Alma, \Yill-o'-thc-YVisp, and Hurricane. After one false start the lot were got well toge ther, and all went away on good terms. Hurricane took up the running at a slashing pace; Mr. Ycend's two laying next, Veno and Alice following together, and the others well up behind. They ran in this order for a mile, when Goldfinder and Inkermann retired, and Veno took second place, Alice looking as well as anything in the race. Shortly before reaching the hill Veno passed Hurri cane and improved tlie pace, Voltaire also drew forward, and the three came into the straight running nearly together. A fine rally ensued, Veno winning by about two lengths, Voltaire beating the gray mare, who came at the last, by about the same, Hurricane was fourth, but neither he nor Alice were placed. The pace was good throughout. Time 3 min. 54 see. The closing event was the Scurry Stakes. Eight horses started, Freeholder, Gimcrack, Ghost, Bagman, Chance, Mercurial, Eclipse, and Smike, The favorite made all the running, and won easily. He was afterwards put up to auction, and was sold tor £75. A protest was entered against Freeholder, on tlie ground that the horse was the property of a person who was a defaulter in bets, and who had entered him in Mr. Melrick'snamo ; but the parties making the objection failed to make out their case. The races were not brought to a conclusion until five o'clock, when the public retired, well satisfied with the abundance of good sport prori ded for them. 