COUNTRY COMMENTS ON PASSING EVENTS. BY PETER 'POSSUM. A FEW words on the contents of the last mail. To assassinate a private oppressor amenable to law, is, no doubt, a horrid crime; but, to deprive a public oppressor, above all human law and deaf to all entreaty, of the power of further tyranny, appears to me a sort of judicial process, an act prompted by the sense of eternal justice that God has implanted in the heart. Killing, in this case, is no murder. The adder closes its ears to the voice of the charmer, charm he never so wisely: then must the adder die. Humanity cries out against the scandal of Wrong fattening, like a church- yard weed, on human flesh "Cut it down, why cumbereth it the ground?" In pity for the oppressed, in mercy even towards the oppressor (as shortening his catalogue of guilt), the oppressor must be trodden under foot. But no maglia di ferro can save him long from a nation's hate. Like the slumbering wrath of their own Vesuvius, it bides its time. The erup- tion will come at last. Naples shall yet be free. Though I write thus, I must confess that I cannot admire Mr. (very) Savage Landor's proferred premium for regicide. A dagger-thrust, prompted by such a motive, would be the deed of a bravo, not of a patriot. The love of liberty, and not the greed of gain, must nerve the arm of the modem Aristogeiton. Who'll free his country for a consideration of £90 sterling? Bah! If the Italians require such incentives as that, let them continue slaves. When will King Clicquot rest from his lushings, and sleep beneath his pyramid of champagne-bottles, piled high like that of the thirty thousand Servian skulls, and inscribed--in straggling, drunken-looking char- acters--BIBI? His last imbecile frolic, his Swiss bit of vinous bounce, reminds one vividly of Mr. Verdant Green--also vinous--endeavouring to make amends for his pusillanimous behaviour during the continuance of Town and Gown shindy, by pitching into a small boy at its close. Hit one of your own size, Clicquot! You would'nt fight when there was fighting to be done. Sir Robert Peel--a third vinous gentleman, but one who doesn't drown his manliness in wine, and whom we will, therefore, excuse--has been taken to task, I see, for calling some Russian governor or other, in an after-dinner speech, "a jolly brick." If the man is a jolly brick, why shouldn't he be called so? What adequate synonyme in polite "prunes-and-prism" phraseology can you find for the lacy richness of the vulgar vernacular? Newspaper scribes are the very last men, moreover, that should set up for linguistic purists; for they are flooding the language with terms from the Coal-hole and Casino, so that did not ladies, like Miss Ethel Newcome, pick up slang from their brothers, a Lexicon of Slang would have to be compiled to enable them to make any intelligent ac- quaintance with the Fourth Estate, just as a dic- tionary of Richterian peculiarities has been published to qualify even Germans for the study of Jean Paul. As the fat, foul bubbles lazily rising through the viscid waters, and breaking in fœtid gases on the slimy surface of a stagnant pool, tell of the corruption that is fester- ing within, so such discovered cases of fraud as those of Paul, the British Bank, Robson, Redpath, Saward, &c.;, &c.;, give hint of latent others--are indications of wide-spread disease in English moral life. Like Wordsworth (according to Emerson, in his last work), I once thought Carlyle half-mad, and believed impli- citly in "Supply and Demand," and all the other articles of Mammonic faith; but the older I grow, the more convinced I am that the grim old Scotchman, muttering and smoking in his Chelsea retirement like a small volcano, is right--that society, with its heart eaten out by selfishness, must collapse unless it get a new heart--a heart that cares for something more than money. Listen to him in his Past and Present:-- " 'The word Hell,' says Sauerteig, 'is still frequently in use among the English people,' but I could not without difficulty ascertain what they meant by it. Hell generally signifies the Infinite terror, a thing a man is infinitely afraid of, and shudders and shrinks from, struggling with his whole soul to escape from it. There is a hell therefore, if you will consider, which accompanies man, in all stages of his history and religious or other development: but the Hells of men and Peoples differ notably. With Christians it is the infinite terror of being found guilty before the Just Judge. With old Romans, I conjecture, it was the terror not of Pluto, for whom probably they cared little, but of doing unworthily, doing unvirtuously, which was their word for unmanfully. And now what is it, if you pierce through his cants, his oft-repeated hearsays, what he calls his worships and so forth. What is it that the modern English soul does, in very truth, dread infinitely, and contemplate with entire despair? What is his hell, after all these repeatable, oft-repeated hearsays. What is it? With hesitation, with astonishment, I pronounce it to be: The terror of 'not succeeding;' of not making money, fame, or some other figure in the world--chiefly of not making money! Is not that a somewhat singular hell?" Pecuniary poverty is the Englishman's hell; pecu- niary plethora his heaven; and in our devil-take-the hindmost race from one to the other, our mad haste to be rich, we care not how poor we become in that which is really wealth--how we trample down all chivalrous feeling, the high and delicate sense of honour, too often even that most week-day of morali- ties, common shopkeeping honesty. A certain mil- lionnaire was in the habit of exclaiming, with super- cilious self-complacency, that he was "most disgust- ingly rich!" Perchance it was a most appropriate adverb. Apropos of English crime, I observe that the trans- portation question is revived; the ticket-of-leave system having proved at home an utter failure. When in these piping times of peace people are compelled to wear armour- gorgets concealed beneath their neck- cloths--when the last fashionable collar is what will be called, I suppose, "The Fish-hooked Gill," an inge- nious contrivance for impaling on sharp barbs the fingers of the garotteer, collaring the hand of the gentleman who collars you; when sleek, pacific citizens have to walk the streets with revolvers in their pockets (gathering into caravans for mutual protection, when traversing the Bedouin-haunted desert of a lonely suburb), and go to sleep with bowie-knives for bedfellows; when burglars and highwaymen have become such a general, recognised nuisance, that the dread of them acting on a disordered mind, has occasioned suicide, and caused a bright luminary in the heaven of science and of letters to set in gloom; it is no wonder that England asks anxiously, "What shall I do with my criminals?" It would be, of course, a very happy thing if she could consume her own moral smoke, protecting her neigh- bours from the plague of it, and making it, in reverbe- ratory furnace, work for her own profit; but this, it appears, is impossible, so we may soon expect another exodus of exiles. Where will the convicts be sent to? The Cape won't be tried--the Secretary for the Colonies has too lively a recollection of the Neptune. We won't have them. No more will Victoria, or South Australia. The Swan River settlement is already swamped with the miasmal flood. A careful eye must be kept on that nascent state, whose Moscow and Petersburg are the redoubtable Ipswich and Brisbane. As a man brings an action against another who digs a cesspool so near his well that its filtering but unfiltered foul- nesses pollute the purity of his water, so I think we have a right to demand that no convicts shall be sent to Moreton Bay. If Carpentaria be fixed upon for the penal settlement, we must guard ourselves, as best we may, against its contagion by re- fusing to have any direct intercourse with it. Its trade would be dearly purchased if we got its morals given in. A little Draconian severity towards Carpen- tarian Messrs. Ferguson of a vagrant turn of mind who, notwithstanding all our caution, would probably reach our shores, might, moreover, be of service in impressing on their surviving brethren the fact that they won't lodge here. So Parliament has at last got itself prorogued. The reporter, whose work, like Dante's, has made him lean, wanders at unusual hours throughout the city; and the initiated whispers of him as he passes, as the Veronese did of the noble Florentine--"Eccovi l' uom ch' e stato all' Inferno!" Enjoy thy respite to the uttermost, poor ghost! Cockcrow will soon call thee back to torture. The members are dispersed, some to their estates, some to their merchandise. The Ministry are forming plans for the coming campaign, and the Opposition, alas! cannot counterplot them, for they are scattered abroad, or rather like American militia--all officers and no privates. "Honest Jake," with fez on head, and hookah in hand (to complete his oriental tout ensemble), sits reading over his own speeches as reported in the Empire. Its eulogistic leaders, too, he reads, and heaves a sigh the while he thinks that, though it has ere now antici- pated the Herald in publishing the full, true, and particular account of the assassination of the beadle of the Burlington Arcade, yet that before his (Jake's, not the Burling- tonian Beadle's) musical tones again ring through the halls of Macquarie-street, awing the "august Assem- bly," his faithful chronicler, his friendly patter-on- the back, may alas! alas! be numbered with the silent dead. Arnold is correcting his English Gram- mar, and devising how he may abridge Little Daniel Henry's First Chaffing-Book. Little Pid, bursting with patriotism, for which now there is no vent save in selling books at fifty per cent. profit, walks up and down his inner shop, restlessly impatient as a tiger in its den. Frank Rusden broodeth amid the emptied soup-plates and vanishing joints in the salle a manger at the Commercial, sternly melancholy as Marius among Carthaginian ruins. Tom--cruel brother--has disappointed him. Despite his wit, his eloquence, his overwhelming intellectual power, he is not Premier yet, and Frank is not his Treasurer. Tom meanwhile flitteth spirit-like from billiard-room to billiard-room, bandying the balls about wildly as erst his words. The session has ended. What is its fruit? Much cry and little wool--per- haps it will seem a natural result, when we come to reckon up the number of Legislative bores. However, the Municipal Bill has been passed. I thank you much for giving me that Act. The Corporation will be "nuts" to me. Whilst on the subject of aldermen and mayors, I cannot refrain from noting down a narrative I heard, by chance, a day or two ago. "I went," said a gentleman just returned from England, "eight miles to see the Mayor of Brighton; and, will you believe it? he was just like any other man!" Poor disappointed votary of mayors! Verily, as Carlyle says, there are various kinds of hero- worship! 