THE -BENDIGO ADVERTISER (L'UISMSIIBM DAILY.) tJR00tU5SRU)N, Otitt UIGHTS, AND OUK UK60UR0US SANDUlUiST, WEDNESliA1', NOV. 11, IMS?! THE STABILITY OF THE GOLD FIELDS • TOWNS. The railway theorists who have been creating social disturbance by their curious arguments and vaticinations respecting the centres of popula tion in the interior of the colony, must, we should think; iu their reflective moments—if ever they do reflect—be somewhat puzzled by the fact which i.i so manifest to all the colony, that the great gold fields so far from declining in population and com mercial importance, have actually maintained a pro gressive improvement in every particular which , makes up the importance of a place. This isa fact no doubt exceedingly annoying to gentlemen who have got pet theories to which they wish' to. adapt the circumstances of the colony. ' How vexatious it must have been to the Argus ami IIcrald,\\\oi to speak of the Age, that these journals could not: point out a single instance of decline and fall iu: any gold field which has at any time been proved to be really rich. "What a vulgar difficulty in the way of a theory that should be true—viz.,. that | the chief argument on which it is based iswholly j absurd and groundless. In our article of yesterday we stated that the advocates of the so-called central line made it one" oftlieirstrongest puuus mat me Go vernment were acting altogether foolishlj' in deter mining the railway routes according to the position of the shief gold fields—that is the present centres of population—which were merely ephemeral and must in process of tims become deserted, and he | altogether eclipsed by new towns which are to rise iu the interior. We showed that even ii this could be regarded as probable still, that the re quirements of these populous districts for several years to come would fully justify the formation j of railways to them from the metropolis. We further undertook to show that such a contingency is not at all likely, and that the chief gold fields which have been considered in the Government scheme of railways, possess every element of future prosperity, and present every indication that for a century to come they will preserve the superiority they possess over all the other towns in the colony. . The goldjfields which we are to take into conside ration in the present argument are Ballaarat, Mount Alexander, and Bendigo. These ave the centres of population which the present scheme of railway construction seeks to connect with the seaboard. To this list we may add the Ovens goldfield, as a I railway from. Melbourne to the rich and extensive I district of which Beechworth is the capital, may be regarded as the next great railway enterprise of the Government. It will be conceded by all that could we calculate upon the continued yield of gold, the question would be settled. If the colony ' could with certainty reckon upon these great gold fields furnishing their usual average of gold for the next forty or fifty years, the wildest advocate of I the Central line would have his mouth shut at I once. But we are' told that this cannot be the | case—that not only will the. yield of gold decline, but that it will eventually become merely nominal, and the districts which now boast such a large population will be abandoned. We beg to joiu issue on both these points. We contend in the first place, that the present generation at all events will not see the great gold.iela's brought to such a state of exhaustion as that indicated; and that even in the event. of the production of gold becoming merely nominal, the large towns on the goldfields will not necessarily become deserted, and stand in ruins like Tadmor and Palmyra,1 amidst a desolation, haunted only by the ghosts' of departed grandeur, We are, indeed, aware that there are some gentlemen even in Sandhurst ivho have a very sombre idea of the future, and who indulge in misanthropical sneers.at the; folly of those who are investing their money in substan tial and costly buildings,.in a district which must | soon be restored to the kangaroos and emus, that | have been scared away for a time. Such persons will speculate with a grim pleasure upon tlie probability of . Aing Billy, of the Campaspe tribe," making his head quarters in the building now known as the Bank of Australasia, and apportion ing the other chief buildings, such as Sclverft's store, tlie Colonial Bank, the Shamrock Hall, &c.;, to the chief men of his tribe. We dare say, after i Batman and Johnny Fawkner had settled upon the present site of Melbourne, there were many such bright anticipations of the future of the town that rapidly grew 011 the banks of the Yarra. The public have now had about six years' ex perience of the chief goldfields, and we need hardly go into any detail in order to satisfy them ' of the satisfactory winner in which these gold ?;eldg have stood the test of this period of time. J3allaiirat was opened iu September, 1851, ajd, after the series of rushes to various parts of the colony, has that remarkable goldfield not cone on steadily progressing ? Forest Creek and Bandigo j were opened ju3t about six years ago, and what I new discovery in their vicinity htuj turned aside ' the-channel of communication from its former route? What new development of the resources of the country lias caused the disuse of the Mount Alexander road 1 Has not the progress of disco very to the west and r.he north-west only the more firmly established Ballaavat and Castlemaine, and lias not'the development of the capabilities of the M urray only given a new interest and an increased value to Sand hurst, the largest town near Echuca the point of the great elbow which the Murray pushes into Victoria? The Ovens wa3 opened in 1852, and has been five years in existence as a goldliehl. Strange as it may seem, these four large, first-discovered goldfields have all along maintained a superiority, and even up to the pre sent period still furnish the largest yields of gold of all the many goldlields, with the single exception of Ararat, - which has not yet settled into its proper place. Ballaarat and Bendigo, the two extreme points of the Govern ment lines of railway, still retain their pre-eminence,—and as for decadence, croakers'may as well give up using the word. From Ballaarat. we hear of new leads being constantly discovered. Here on Bendigo during the last few weeks mining operations have assumed a more favorable aspect than we have observed for upwards of a year. Now and rich ground has been struck at Epsom. Break-o'-Day Gully has turned out extensive and profitable diggings. A new slice of gold country has been added to the enormous area of Bendigo, some sixteen or eighteen miles off beyond- the Whipstick. Minor rushes are every day taking place in various localities,—at one time beyond Kangaroo Flat, at another in Kangaroo Gully,— now at the Back Creek, or the White Mills, and again at Commissioner's Gully, where, we under stand, during the last day or two splendid ground has been struck near Abbott's Australian Hotel, As regards our quartz reefs, which ore constantly affording new proofs of richness and inexhaustibi lity, they, furnish the great argument in favor of the permanencs of these goldfields, on which they are abundant. We have been for a long time impressed with a strong conviction that no limit can be set to the duration of our quartz workings. The tin mines of Cornwall have been wrought from a period anterior to the birth of Christ,' and experienced Cornish miners tell us that our quartz workings begin to bear a strong resemblance to the workings in the famous tin ores. At Gongo Soco, in South America, arid we believe in various places in the Brazils, auriferous quartz veins have beer, worked to advantage for hundreds of years. The gold mines in the Ural mountains have been : in constant working for nearly thirty years. We think that facts like these should restrain persons from dealing in the flippant assertions we hear • made respecting the gold fields. Having an extensive knowledge of nearly every gold field in Victoria wo can say that in almost every instance from the first discovery to the present time, there has been a decided pro gress . in all the essentials of a prosperous and permanent community. We have seen a wild rush of some thirty thousand persons succeeded by absolute desolation, and yet in that very locality there has since that period gradually sprung up a prosperous -.- little town, and there is now a numerous population doing as well as in any portion of the colony. We allude to Tari'angower. As to Bendigo it has been destroyed a score of times, nml yet. nn each nrvasion it lma arisen to a more prosperous and settled existence than before. We are quite satisfied that it,will now withstand; the onslaught of -the Melbourne Press, aud will; eventually develope into what ive have long, considered its ultimate destiny—the first city iu! the interior of Victoria. j 