POLICE PICKINGS. MICKEY'S "LAST", OR THE "QUIN"- TESSENCE OF COURTSHIP. CUPID, CUPIDITY, AND STUPIDITY. Mary Ann Quinn, a buxom-looking feminine of about thirty, with a self- satisfied simper, on Thursday appeared before the Bench, Captain McLean in the chair, to endeavor to fix the honors of paternity on Michael Butler, shoe- maker, a rather nervous-looking individual, of about her own age, who appeared very much inclined "From the glance of her eye, To shun danger and fly", so fatal were the regards directed towards him by his once-loved Mary. Mr Moffatt appeared for Mary Ann, and Mickey was defended by Mr Roberts Miss Quinn's advocate having opened the case, and pledged himself to carry conviction to the minds of all present, by disclosing each link of the chain that had been used to drag "poor Mary Ann" from her high pinnacle of inno- cence; and, having impressed upon the minds of the Magistrates the important fact, that a "Kiss in the Dark" is come-at-able evi- dence, proceeded with affecting candour to a slight sketch of his client's antecedents; con- cluding by confessing, that Mary Ann had once before succumbed to the seductive arts of another Mickey, " whose Christian name was Tom." This bold step on the part of the learned counsel having produced the desired effect of putting the frail fair one more completely at her ease, he then placed her in the witness-box, when the following dialogue took place. Mr Moffatt—Who are you. Mary Ann—A general servant at Mr Ma- guires, Dowling-street. Mr Moffatt—What is the defendant? Mary Ann — Nothing. Mr Moffatt—Give the definition of nothing. Mary Ann—A householder. Mr Moffatt—Where did you first become acquainted with the cobbler? Mary Ann—At Mr Maguires, where I was nursing my first baby! Mr Moffatt—Where did the child first see the light? Mary Ann—On the 7th of July, 1856, at 7 o'clock at night. Mr Moffatt—State your complaint. The plaintiff then proceeded with a chuckle caused, no doubt, by the vision of 6s. a week in perspective, to state, that the heartless Michael having no regard to the feelings of honor; and in defiance of his reiterated promises of marriage; did, taking advantage of the oppor- tunities offered him as a next door neighbour, and in utter disregard of the attention due to his customers, devote his time, too successfully to the conquest of her virtue; and that the in- teresting little pledge of their joint loves, which she held in her arms, and whose infantine graces were almost hidden under the canopy of a large sunbonnet, but who seemed to have " an eye like Ma's to threaten and command," was the result of the intimacy, for which the ena- moured Mickey "forsook his awl". And that the hardhearted Butler, although in the receipt of £3 10s, weekly, had refused to render any pecuniary assistance towards the support of her- self and the "pretty pet." Cross-examined by Mr Roberts.—Are you married? Mary Ann.—No. Mr Roberts.—Are you an honest woman? Mary Ann.—What do you lawyers know about honesty. Mr Roberts.—What made you state upon one occasion that your name was Kelly, and that you had a husband in California. Mary Ann.—Oh ! a bit of a lark! Mr Roberts.—A lie! oh fie. Tell the Bench what relationship exists between Michael Ma- guire the person you are living with, and Tho- mas Maguire the father of your first child. Here the learned counsel for the plaiutiff in- dulged in a little playful allusion to Louis Phil- lipe, as a person having had an equally import- ant share in the plot. Mr Roberts, however, having taken French leave to repeat the question, was informed that there was no blood-relationship between the two Maguires. That the fact of her leaving the pro- tection of Tommy to quarter herself in the house of Mickey, was purely accidental. And that Thomas had behaved like a lord in spend- ing his substance in a handsome provision for his daughter, the interesting memento of her first " faux pas". That the defendant had been the cause of her placing out this child, and going to service, where she was unable to re- main contentedly while reflecting on the Butler's perfidy. That he had called to see her fre- quently, and been admitted to a chamber audi- ence; and she had walked out with him, and " Upon his arm she lent, And round her waist she felt it fold; And far into the woods they went, And whispered what should ne'er be told.' But when the intelligence of her approaching maternity, which should have created a tenderer tie between them, was conveyed to him, the heartless seducer had suddenly expressed a strong desire to go into the country; and, as the result proved, " When victory at length his arms did bless, Kept out o' the way with wonderful suc- cess". Michael Maguire, a hatchet-faced individual of about 26, who appeared to be gazing on the coast of Greenland, then appeared to reply to the usual how? when? where? why? what? which? who? and wherefore? and after a long examination in which he clearly proved that he was unable to form a decided opinion on any one point, succeeded in criminating himself in an equal degree with the defendant by admit- ting that he himself had been a frequent visitor to the plaintiff's room; couldn't swear whether he had not been there 40 times; could'nt swear how often the defendant had been there; he had gone there because the roof leaked; could'nt swear he had ever stayed more than 2 minutes; heard the defendant order Mary Ann to go up stairs once and saw him kiss her in the chimney corner. Here the witness got completely mystified at the extent of his own recollections, and having stated, that on account of his wife's request he got up for a light one night at 12 o'clock, was unable to recollect for what cause, though aids to his memory were playfully thrown out by the learned counsel, who suggested mosquito bites, Holloway's Pills, nightmare or the night man, and a variety of other sources of midnight torture. No more witnesses being called on either side, the amusements were varied by a little sparring between the two learned limbs of the law, and sundry authorities and precedents were mis- quoted with the usual variations, when it hav- ing become clear to the bench that the three individuals concerned "had had equal opportu- nities of ingratiating themselves in the affec- tions of Miss Quinn, and that the evidence did not appear to criminate any one of them in par- ticular, their Worships dismissed the case, leav- ing the parties, as in the celebrated case of " Bullum v. Boatum, to commence again " de novo". MY EYE AND MY ELBOW.—Harriett Small- ridge, a gaily attired feminine of about 30, ap- peared to accuse George Waddilov, of having given her a black eye. It appears that plaintiff was cook and defendant coachman in the service of Dr Williams, M.R.S.F.S. ; that she scoured the dishes and he polished the panels of the Doctor's new carriage; and had each party steadily pursued their own avocation without interfering with each other, the assault com- plained of would never have occurred. Coachy however, seems, by French leave, to have pos- sessed himself of Harriett's bucket, which he was in the act of using while washing the Doc- tor's trap, and in the recovery of this necessary article of domestic use, Cooky received one more than she expected. Mr Roberts for the defendant, subjected Miss Smallridge to a severe examination, when the following facts were duly elicited:— 1.—That she (the plaintiff) was still in a state of single blessedness. 2 —That she was calm and collected on the occasion of the attack. 3 —That she had refused to entertain the doc- tor's " gratuitous advice" to settle the matter amicably, and 4 —That the left arm of the defendant, " ex- actly" halfway between the wrist and the elbow had come in contact with the bridge of her nose and caused a discoloration of her right eye. The learned counsel dwelt very forcibly on the accidental nature of the offence, and Wad- dilov having given as his reason for not apolo- gising for his want of gallantry on the spot, his principle " never to flatter n0 woman", his Wor- ship, after having gone through a very enter- taining pantomime intended to convey to the counsel his own conviction as to the exact mode in which the " mill" was conducted, according to the evidence received, decided in favor of the Cook; Coachy having to pay 20s and costs. LYING IN " WEIGHT" FOR A CUSTOMER — Charles George Robertson, of Botany- street, baker, appeared before the bench, D. Forbes, Esq., in the chair, on a charge of having sold bread too light to suit the taste of his customers. Mr Cory conducted the prosecution, and Mr Redman the defence. The learned gentleman having, in a very floury speech, opened the case and given his opinion that the defendant came under the claws of the 3rd Act of Council, William IV., called Thomas Rooney, who stated that he had been sent by Mr Mitchelton, Inspector of Weights and Measures, to invest the sum of one shilling and a penny halfpenny in bread at the prisoner's shop. That the woman behind the counter hav- ing furnished him with 3 loaves, declined to weigh them, when in popped the terrible In- spector, like Banquo's ghost, at the critical mo- ment, and putting them into his own balance, found them wanting 14 ounces. The learned gentleman having proved that defendant was responsible for the act on the principle that " qui facit per ahis facit per se", the witness was examined by defendant's counsel and having exhibited a lamentable ignorance of his hie he hoe by alternately describing the loaves as the bread, this bread, and that bread, gave place to the Inspector himself, who having corroborated the evidence of the last witness, ex- pressed himself unequal to give any particulars as to the manufacture of the " staff of life". Mr Holmes, baker of King-street, was then placed in the witness-box, and the question being put— "Tell me where is Fancy bread"? proceeded to give the bench a "batch" of opinions on the respective merits of French bread, fancy loaves, twists, turnovers, and rolls, concluding with the important fact, that French bread was usually rasped. Mr Redman, however, for the defendant, seemed to consider this a " rasper", and sub- jected him to a number of searching questions relating to the evaporation of moisture in the formation of crust, until the Bench got rather crusty at the delay, and it having been proved that a batch loaf at 5½d took twice as long to bake as a turnover at 4½d, and the bread in Court not appearing to come under either of these designations, they were obliged to call James W. Brown, a baker of 14 years standing, who being asked which was fancy bread? batch or turnover, proved himself an adept in the art of cross- questions and crooked answers by re- plying " Twist, or cottage loaf". A number of other bakers from London and Paris were then called on each side, the majority of whom seemed to range on the side of the "fancy", and it having been clearly proved in evidence that it was quite a stretch of fancy to suppose this kind of bread ever weighed 2lbs per loaf, the opinion of the late Attorney-Gene- ral was referred to on "French bred" articles of this sort, and finally Mr John Carmichael, a veteran from the Ovens, was called up, and the following question put by the counsel for the prosecution:—If a loafer were to go into your shop for a loaf, would you give him a Rowland for an Oliver by serving him with a batch loaf for a turnover ? This question having been satisfactorily responded to, and the " Bakers Act" having been " twisted," " rolled," and " turned over" into every conceivable form and shape, his Worship, after hearing the additional evidence of Messrs Blow, Smail, O'Hara, and Quail, practitioners in the same line of business, decided that the practice of selling loaves under weight of common make and appearance, on the plea that they are fancy bread, is a fraud on the public, and fined de- fendant 40s, and costs. 