TRUTH ABOUT MUSIC AND MUSICIANS. SIOZJBT. Translated from the German by Spirilla Novello. '? And king he was, in the realms of Bong.' — t'. Zedlitz. AMiDEca Mozibt was born on the 27th of .lanusry, 17SG, and died as caily as the 5th nf December, J791 ; therefore he lived but 35 yearn; but what did he not accomplish in this short time ! So many and such great things, that ho alone could have completed Uieiu, because he was, at d desired to br, devoted to one single object— mwic Nature had furnished him so richly with her gifts, that he would have excelled in whatever he had undertaken, for in him were united an inexhaust ible imagination, and a clear, quiekly diBcerning understanding. He would have become a great painter, or a great writer, he would have excelled in political affairs, had he thuB cho sen, or had thiB fashion prevailed in his day. For tunately, he perceived that Man can follow but one object (satisfactorily, and thus be became a true and entire musician. Ab a child, he appeared as a performer, aud, for the existing period, excelled U- an extraordinary degree. Luckily in those dayB it was not as at pre sent, when those alone can become first-rank per foroiera, -vlio devote themselves all day and every day exclusively to mechanical execution, neglect ing all intellectual cultivation. Some hours daily practice was sufficient for Mozart, and the then existing artistic world. His great successes and brilliant triumphs were to bo gained rn liis charac ter of composer. In hie earliest yearn he displayed inclination towards composition ; and his expe rienced, well-informed father, recognizing the, talent of hU boy, guided and sustained him iu even way. ' I have not the least intention of relating to you, id thn letter, tlio well-known history of Moisrt'8 life; I shall keep in view my aim, which is, to show you great tuaBtere— what they were, how tbisy became nuch, and wlmt they accomplished. In the case of Mozart I shall endeavour V. dis prove the generally-received, but erroneous opinion , that he, as a gonius composed bv instinct, without clear knowledge ; and that .ill h'is great, beautiful and transcendent ideas came to him as in adrcsni. Such assertions can only emanate from such as have a dim and inconiprehcnsive cognisance of an art isticlieing,— who are unacquainted with Mozart's first and early compositions— aud who have not rea I, or not understood, the history of his musical education. Mozart's first compositions betrav as little genius as the first composilions of anv other musician or composer They are inerelv usual imitations of nucli musical works of his lime, as firet met bis eyu ; tile operas, also, which he wrote in Italy, are written completely in the style then extant, and are not, in any way, superior Ui their models. The Trequent journeyx, however, which he made to Italy during his youth, were of im measurable value, and lmd decided influence in developing his talent or composition. The exqui site scenes of that country, csrlv awakened hi» sense of the beautiful; Rnd the magic of tlio pathetic, lovely, and flowing melodies wjiicn already distinguished the workB of the Italian school, then much more worthy than at picsent powerfully impressed liis feelings : lie acknow ledged the irresistible eway which those enchanting melodies exercised on men's souls ; and, at a later period, by his melodies l,e reigned throughout the world. The charm of melody displays itself iu aU hi; works, in all his ideas, even in the most terrible and denioniacal,-nay, even in the most compli cated counterpoint ; for instance, remember the Overture to the ZauUrftoU, with its fugue-like construction. You will see by a passage in one of ins letters, quoted below, that this was not the result ur mere instinct, but that he had good and well-weighed reasons for his choice. He bad learnt . melody m Italy; in France, which he twice viBited, his attention w^s drawn towards piquant, bnUittt effects, ana he endeavored more especially to give his compositions a decided character This is an important circumstance, generally overlooked by those who speak ignorantjy of Mozart. Speak ing of a symphony, which he wrote for I'arisT he wntes thus to his father: » Tlie symphony began, and in the middle of the alUgro oinntsd a pasfagc which il well knew would please; the audience were delighted, and applauded loudly. As I laiew when I wrote it, ,chat an effect it would have. 1 in troduced it agam towards the end, where it formed arfacOM; as I heard that here all final o%ro,, like tiie first, begin with all the instruments, and generally in unison, / began it with only two vio imt, piano _for eight bars- then followed a forte The audience, a, I crptcted, cried : ? Hush '' during (he jump and when the fort* came, with it came the applause.' ' A true artist peiiB no line whhout aim or meaning, says Goethe. That Mozart, also, th. ight and acted thus, you mU8t acknowledge from the above passage, and you will perceive the emptmaaofthe oft-empioyed phrase ' Music of reflection.' Keflection alone, without creative power, can no more produce eminent works than can creative power without reflection-without the strong understanding which seeks perfection, and regulates gemus. A. union of both i, neceiarv ? the greatest genius will never complete a worthy aXd dUB con8ider»tion of -S But hear further, how little Mozart trusted to instinct or msp.ration ; how much, on the contraiv In.'Tefe't11?.^1'10'^ in -'i™'X in a letter to ins father, written from Munich where he was wnting the Uomeneo, liemyT Tell me, do you not Bnd that the upeeeh tf the subterranean voice i. too long? Tnink it over wen-imagine the theatre. The voice mZ be awful-it must be really believed supematmT how can this result be attained if the .SS too long? // the speech of the ghost in ? SavM mrt not ,o long it wtfj, more effecU^ W £2 t:tt,r.''y bfl8hort9n8d- 8od «W» thu^-'ol,lia' f*lher *°utt!» -B^*«» shocking emotions, should never distress the ear I ut please it, and ever remain music, I have mlceted no key remote from F, but a relative not (be nearer, D minor, but tho father, A minor In llelnionf. air.'O wie angstlio),,' tho beating 1 exit is indicated by the violins in octaves ? we I car the trembling hesitation,— wo hear how 'the celling breast heaves, expressed by a crescendo — -c hear whisper, and aiglis, expressod by the firet \- lolnu i, con wnfini, and a flute in unison. loCoa , ance'B air, I have changed the oxdarnaiion ' hui' i.ito'nchnell' I know not «-!,„!. our German poet* may think ; if they do not understand the ,.rau,a. in raterence to opuias, ihey should, at ioast, not eauBe their persona: to speak as thouffh uj pigs! The overture is quite short^alternately jnano and forte; with the latter i« introduced i urkiBh music, modulated throughout ; and I be lieve that tlie audience will not go to sleep, even if they have not slept aU the night before.' (To bo continued.) 