'CEREMONY OF DEGRADING- A ROMAN CATHOLIC PRIEST. The case of Verger naturally calls to mind the ceremony of degradation with which a priest was formerly visited before capital punishment could be inflicted on him. A French ordonnance in 1571 was the last which prescribed this terrible ior- mality. In the 18th century, on the re fusal of the Archbishop of Aix to degrade a priest who had been condemned to death, the Parliament of Aix declared that for the future secular justice could dispense with the degradation. The fol lowing are the principal incidents of the ceremony, which, according to ancient authors, never failed to produce an im mense effect upon the spectators : — " On the scaffold a bishop took his seat on a throne surmounted by a canopy, with his assistants seated near him, and opposite to them was a lay officer of justice. Near the prelate was a table, on which were placed several of the sacred vessels used in the church service, together with vases of wine and water, the Gospels, the Epistles, a candelabrum, with an ex tinguished taper, the book of exorcisms, the book of lessons, keys, a pair of scissors, a piece of glass, and the vest ments and ornaments which a priest wears at the altar. The priest to be degraded was brought froward, dressed as a lay- man, with liis hands bound. His bonds were first of all removed, and on a sign from the bishop he was decked with the ecclesiastical costume by the attendant priests. The bishop then rose, and, hold ing ki3 crozier in his left hand, explained to the people the cause of the degrada tion. The culprit afterwards knelt at the bishop's feet, and all the persons present bent in prayer. The bishop then pro nounced the sentence of degradation in these terms : — " In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen, We, , having ascertained that the crime imputed to thee , a priest, has been really committed, and is to be justly punished, and finding that this crime is great, damnable, and enormous, and has not only offended Divine Majesty, but agitated the whole country — we declare that in consequence thou hast rendered thyself unworthy of the ecclesiastical functions and ecclesiastical benefices. Therefore, we, by the au thority df the Omnipotent God, and by our own power, deprive thee now and for ever of thy functions and benefices, and we pronounce thy degradation ac cording to the tradition of the canons." This sentence being pronounced, the bishop, receiving the criminal from the hands of the lay officer, scraped the palms of the criminal's hands with the piece of glass, but without any effusion of blood, in order to remove from him the unction received at ordination. The tonsure was also scraped away in a similar manner. The priests present then placed in the hands of the culprit water, wine, the consecrated wafer, &c.;, but the bishop snatched them from him, saying: — "We take from thee, or rather we show to the people that we have al ready taken from thee, the power ..of offering the holy sacrifice . to God, and of celebrating mass either for the living or ,the!dead " :.Ndxt,'/ : the-. bishop. V scraped with arknife. 01; piece of glass , the ' thumb and forefingers of each hand of the cul prit, and said, " By this scraping we take from thee the power of sacrificing and of blessing which thou hadst received by the unction of. thy hands and thumbs." Next, the bishop dragged off the chasu ble from behind and said, "We justly de prive, thee of this sacred vestment, which signifies charity, "because thou hast de prived thyself of innocence." Then the bishop removed . the stole,' and . said, "Thou > hast disgracefully rejected the 'sign of God, ' which is this stole ; and that is why we take it from thee, and fender it. unfit for any sacerdotal pur pose." The ceremony here concluded, and the bishop and his attendants with drew with great pomp and in procession, the spectators bending to the ground be fore him as he passed. Cause of the Persian War. — In fact, these Eastern squabbles are becoming serious mat ters. Take the war with Persia as a case in point. The leading journal of Wednesday, the 1 4th of January, contains this stinging notice in one of its leading articles " But is Herat really the cause of the war ? Why, at this very moment there is going on in the metro polis, and amongst all circles pretending to be well informed 011 political affairs, a farce as broad as any that ever appeared on the public stage. While the newspapers, and correspon dents, and officials with patriotic decorum are assuming that Herat is the cause of the war, there is not a company in which it is not stated as a matter of notoriety that the real cause of the quarrel is a Persian lady 1 The British Miuister had the indiscretion to extend the British aegis to a lady of indifferent character, claimed by a member of the Persian court, and on his refusing to give up the lady to the out raged feelings and the violated law of the country, had himself, as a matter of course, to retire from it. We are told that hrst rate Oriental authorities, with a full knowledge of the case, have declared that the British mi nister was unquestionably in the wrong, and that Persia had no alternative but to do as she did. Whether this be so or not, it is in eve rybody's mouth that it is not Herat but a fair frail one who is the cause of the war." We suspect that a large portion of society will speedily arrive at the conclusion, with such facts as these before them, that ambassadors of foreign courts are principally concerned in getting up misunderstandings instead of heal ing them, and the dignity of this country is often more compromised than promoted by their presence and interference. — European Times. The Moniteur Sevoisien records the follow ing: "A priest of Annecy learned that a young workwoman, one of his parishioners, had undertaken to make some shirts for M. Eugene Sue, author of the " Juif Errant (in this work, it will be remembered, the Jesuits were roughly hnndled), and he forbade her, under pain of eternal condemnation, to execute the work. In consequence the young woman returned the shirts to the writer !" 