Original Correspondence. To the Editor of the INDEPENDENT JOURNAL. The ploughman he's a bonnie lad, His mind is ever true, jo, His garters knit below his knee, His bonnet it is blue, jo ; Then up wi my ploughman lad, And hey my merry ploughman, Of a' the trades that I da ken, Commend me to the ploughman. MR. EDITOR,-Feeling that any subject likely to cause a lull in the present warlike state of affairs in this district, any change during these dull times foretelling better days are coming, affording amusement and instruction, encouraging activity and emula- tion and a kindly feeling, will not be unaccept- able, I will briefly give you a few details of the recent ploughing match which came off on Culham Flats, Toodyay Valley, on the 19th inst. During the late Agricultural Dinner, se- veral of the members having made daring threats and assertions as to their dexterity and judgment in handling the plough, the management and superiority of their teams, it was arranged that a trial of skill should take place on the above day. The weather previously wet and stormy proved propitious, the clouds disappeared, and a bright clear sky only known in these climes ushered in the eventful morn. At 11 a.m., all being in readiness the regulations were read aloud by S. P. Phillips, Esq., when nine ploughs com- menced to cut the rough surface of the rich and mellow soil universally extending over the slopes and flats of this beautiful valley, the garden of Western Australia. The amount of work to be completed by each ploughman was half an acre, with a furrow nine inches in breadth and six in depth, the ridges to be split and closed in, the land to be cast instead of ridged up ; some misunderstanding arose as to marking out the lands, when the unplough- manlike aid of drivers was allowed. I may mention that one ploughman alone scorned this most unconstitutional mode of guiding the helm through a virgin soil, depending on his hand and a pair of good horses with whip and reins, I allude to Samuel Graves, in the employ of Mr James Drummond, who, although obtaining only the second prize, may be considered the champion of the Toodyay district ; he appears to possess a certain de- gree of taste in ploughing—a kind of tact which is difficult to be taught and hardly to be acquired except by a sort of instinct. Without fretting his plough appears to ride light in hand and pleasantly—a mere touch and glance of the eye tells him if she is rolling, a firm fist sets her right, and a line so straight and well defined follows in her wake, that even the ghost of Hogarth flies in ter- ror. At half past three the first plough left the ground. I regret to state that a difficulty arose in obtaining the aid of really practical judges, men who have been bred to the plough and agriculture ; the gentlemen se- lected for this purpose not being able to at- tend their places were kindly filled by Messrs Walcot, Doust, and Beardman. The first prize was five pounds, which was gained by Mr Steere's ploughman, Charles Roberts ; the second by Mi Drummond's ploughman, Samuel Graves ; the third by Mr O'Neil's ploughman, John Williams ; the fourth by Mr J. Cook's ploughman, Thomas Green. The whole of the ploughs with but one ex- ception were imported by Mr John McPher- son, from the foundry of Barrowman & Co. Mr McPherson has still a number on hand. About 100 persons were assembled on this occasion ; among them I observed the Resi- dent Magistrate, the Colonial Surgeon, the district medical officer, S. P. Phillips, M.C., Messrs Steere, Drummond, Clarkson, O'Neil, McPherson, Cook, and others. Several la- dies also attended, giving gaiety to a scene so unusual on those fine past?res. The whole of the spectators present were, by Mr Phil- lips, and through the exertions and aid of a lady known and respected for every warm and generous feeling in promoting the happi- ness of others, bountifully regaled in the usual substantial manner for which Toodyay has been so long proverbial. I regret to state that duty compelled me to leave the field sooner than I intended, when on route I was amused by hearing my delighted compagnon de voyage, in good Scotch brogue hum the following stave from Burns— " Commend me to the barn yard, And at the corn mou man I never get my coggie fou, Till I meet with the ploughman." Believe me your, &c;, PLOUGHBOY. P.S.—I am just informed the following notice has been fixed on the gateposts through- out the district Challenge. Samuel Graves is open to plough the man that took the first prize at the ploughing match on Saturday, 19th ult., to come off on Friday, 25th September, on the Culham Es- tate. 