MY PIPE. Here is an amusing sketch by ' The Lounger,' in the Sydney Herald : — I discovered tlio other day — not without plensure — that, in one respect, I strikingly resemble the Poet Laureate. Alfred Tennyson is a tremendous smoker : So am I. But what man is there fit for anything who is?soi! a smoker ? Ex funio dare luceni is the rulo for genius — always excepting the fascinating but unfumigant Frank Fowler, who radiates the brilliancy without having previously blown the cloud. Most moral, most intellectual of agencies is to bacco — soothing the ruffled spirit into Halcyon calm, stimulating the sluggish brain into Titanic vigor. How iiiuuu ui uui iituiitiiuLc — oapeuiiviijr ui tuo miuuy uiiu the metaphysical — do we owe to the pipe ! Many a noble page breathes forth its fragrance — delicious as the hawthorn's breath. Wrapt in its vapor, as in Del phic exhalations, the philosopher uttereth oracles ! I stumbled the other day on an historian of Hispa niola, a Vox ex Iiwila, who, like our own Vox c Dacrto, was wicked enough to abuso tobacco — asserting that the West Indian caciques smoked themselves stupid, and had then to bo carried by their wives to bed. The calumny, like \ a branded liar, bears ita refutation on its face. Smoke one's self stupid, indeed ! Why, the very reason that the maligners of tho ' Holy Herb' aro so stupid, is because they don't smoke ! ' Farewell to Tobacco!' — Nay, nay, dear Eliza! Anacreon-like, thou hadst to sing it3 praise, even whilst striving to stammer out an unavailing Vale to its fascinations. Man was born to smoke (rocent phre nologists have proved it — there is a craniological de velopment that craveth Cavendish) : then, wherefore, struggle against so sweet a destiny ? 'Tis, of all, tho duties easiest to convert into a delight — and before I write another word, I'll light my pipo. Black, but comely — swarthy and glossy as an /Ethiop belle ! Permit me, ma chcrc, to become your friseur, and recurl those locks of Negro- head. Law, how they frizzle ! Why, bless me, love, they've turned to auburn? Puff, puff, puff, — and now they're grey ! In curious convolutions ascend the aromatic fumes (I do repent me of my barbarous metaphor), evanishing like dreams. Their odour lingers still like memories of joy. How exquisite a thrill — eestatio as the shiver that followeth the kiss of thy beloved Polly — trembles along the nerves in waves of blias I To 'Baccy, Celestial Pipe, all hail ! Blow your cigavs— or rather, don't blow them, I say. Pretenders to the art, mere boyish amateurs, smoko weeds — dallying with their Manilas, even as puppy-like, they flirt with maidens. In neither case do they intend to link their fates — to share tho chances and tho changes of this .'mortal life — with those with whom they trifle. The' true smoker, for better, for worse, weddeth hia pipe, and never wea riefch of her company, loving her all the better, indeed, when Time hath streaked her cheeks— once white aa snow, spotless as Spring's first Iilie3 ! What departed wife leaveth a more disconsolate widower ? No brido is oftener pressed to lips of faithful lord. That type most genuine of the genuine smoker, Her Teufels drockh, in his high room, in the Wahngasso, or in the Grunen Ganse coffee-house, of Weissnichtwo, would sit ' whole days to think— and smoko tobacco.' Some men, I know, aropolypipists, and keep harems of meerschaums, hookahs, chibouques, narguiles, Milo's cutties— no end of beauties, foreign and domes tic. I, am a strict monogamist. My wife is Dutch, a portly dame, and hails from Gouda, where, as per chance I need not tell my reader, the cows obese woar bed-tick petticoats. I fell in with her fivo years ago in Wapping. A Cape merchant, a kind friend of mine, '? gave her away' — from a huge lot that he was about to ship for Cape Town. Sinco then, liko Ulysses, I have Been the cities, and known the mind, of many men ; but my Penelope was ever with me. Over many a sea, in three out of tho five quarters of the globe (as tho Irish geography- books have it,) have we travelled together. f' N.B. ? This pompous announcement simply means that he haa been in France, and has touched at tho Cape like other great travellers out here) hn'a sadly (riven to bra'. He smoke3 me, and I return the com pliment.'— Pipe loquitur.} Let me summon up a few recollections of the places in which I have smoked tke pipe that now I own. Supinus in herba, in one of thy many rose-filled, strawberry bearing gardens, dear old Colchester, town of the good oystera, bad pavements, and ugly women, (butinthat last clause the proverb Iie3— for lovely are thy daughters) ; girt round with their old wall of Roman brick, like veteran with tattered sash; sprinkled with venerable ruin of castle, or priory, or abbey ? studded with churches, new-spired or steeple less, still telling of tho siege long, long ago ! Aud on thy stream, floating in solitary punt from mill to mill, aiinHod hv pollards that look like monster broom sticks smitten with melancholy memories of spring, suggested by the deep, green, ring-cupped cross surging up like a flood around their boleB; or bound for a pic-nic in tho little Dart, freighted with nretty cirls (all matrons now, I fear), dropping down beneath the whispering wood of Wivenhoe, where first tho Colne begins to put on swaggering, sea-going airs -—past the big, black collier-brigs that eye tho tiny sprat-boats with such supreme disdain ; — between the Sestos and Abydos of that Hellespont, Fingrmhoe, and the village from which the wood takes its name, with its grave old church, multiplicity of bowwin dowed public-houses, oyster-pits, and amphibious population; along tho monotonous ' sea-wall on which stand bullocks of morose aspect, that look as if they would like to toss us for enjoying ourselves whilst they are fattening there for beef;— past the anchored guard-boat,— past the rolling buoy— naughty buoy it reels as if it were drunk, with many a musical scream from lips so rosy in the winds fresh kiss that one gets jealous of the wind-out into the German ocean, heaving in emerald set in seething foam ! In railway carriages, on the sly, to the indignation of the guard, who puts his breeze-blouzed facs-lus whiskora powdered with small particles of coal- dust— in throuch the window at every station, fruitlessly re-enunciating his very correct impression that ' some genTman has been a-smokin' ;'— between dripping cuttings, stern with out-cropping rock, along ram part-like embankments, over heron-legged viaducts ;- hrough mile-long tunnels, in which oven the light that steals down the dismal shafts blanches through fear of the surrounding gloom, and shrinks from spreading; wherein the whistle shrieks, like a lost spirit in reverberated anguish ; a million mammoth dray horses seem trotting, shod with brass, upon the iron road': and, ever and anon, the train appears to be rushing backwards, terror-stricken by ita .own infer nal clamor ;— out into the sunny air again, beneath the arch over which peer specimens of ' young Rusticity' half-stifled by the cloud of damp and sulphury vapor the engine puff* into their throats and nostrils ; crash, bang through the bridges, whose blurred lines of mortar and dancing masonry make the head d.zzy and the stomach sick— racing the telegraph wires that gallop along like greyhounds, and take the white posts with a flying leap, past haymakers or harvesters^ or hop-pickers, in fields and meadows that seem running round! staring boors, perched, with dr,wn-up knees, onmo.Wte.1; ™d startled cattle contorting heir tail* most absurdly in their clumsy flight. An hour ago far away in the quiet country, disturbing for a moment the solitary silence of orchard-buried vil lagers, their whitewashed, honeysuckled cottages, clustering around the grey and Ivied church like children nestling in then- grandame's skirts, security in all their happy face3 — now hurrying over suburban gardens, whoso dreary, smoka-dried shrubs, andmelan choly cabbages tho clanking machinery appears to taunt with a monotonous ' Veg-e-tate, veg-e-tate, if you can, if you caul'— next catching glimpses of attic toilettes and bedroom breakfastB, as the train shoots along the parapetted arches, through a chaca of sooty roofs and tottering chimney- stacks, pigeon-traps, scarlet runners, brewers' boards res plendent in blue and gold, factory chimneys belching forth their coils caliginous, and warehouses built like Babel, up to Heaven. Whc-e-e-e-e-e-ew I Whee e-e-o-ew! Tickets have been taken by bumptious, moustached gentlemen in uniform, who fancy them sclveB, in bouio vague manner, in the 'Guards' ? bells ring, telegraphs oxtend their wooden arms like tragedians at our approach, dropping them languidly when we have passed — green-coated officials wave flag') insanely, or gravely shoulder tho Btave3 like muskets, and raise their right hands to their foreheads in military salute. Greon-jacketed ditto potter at those mysterious ' switches,' tho function of which appears to be the infliction of bumps and jolts on pas sengers. 'Breaks' aro screwed down, causing un pleasant tinglings in an unmentionablo portion of tho frame of second-class traveller — tho light dims sud denly as thu train rolls slowly beneath tke terminus's ivon girdled roof — a wave of porters, policemen, pick pockets, and waiting friends swells, mounts, and dashes itself with a running ripple along the carriages — yonder loom through the raw, yellow fog the omni buses and cab3 — wc^are in London ! In 'Coal-hole' or ' Cider Cellars,' puffing away in self-defence, Chief Baron Nicholson presides — Sam Hall ia Bung. The air is redolent of brandy, rum, gin, porter, and tho Cambrian coney. Waiters, with fitful gleams of glass and pewter, flit spectral through the mist, like, if there could be such a thing, that of a dry washing-day. Old men with noses like masses of bruised mulberries and aspen hands — tho hoary sin ners ! — tho middle-aged roue — the fast young man — women in gaudy garments, who, buy their blushes by the cake — herd aud there a wondering neophyte with couutry air and mother's kiss still fresh upon his cheek — there are the company enjoying 'Life,' as they are pleased to call it. Foul atmosphere and fouler enter tainment — with what satisfaction must a 'Cavo of Harmony' hahiiue say Vixi ! In a London square, blending in the soft summer air the breath of Gouda with the fragrance of tho lilacs the moonlight silvers'even grimy London house fronts into beauty, and makes even grim knocker lion-heads look mild. On what myriads of tombstones, standing dim beside the graves liko risen ghosts, that light pours down! The quarters peal out in tho silence like the audible pulse of. time ! But Carlyle has written Night Thoughts in a Groat City — and who shall attempt what he has touched ? Read Sarlor JRcsarlus, book 1, chap, iii., my friond ! In the O/uimps Elysecs, blending the breath of Gouda with anything but that of lilacs — the odious odor of French, cigars — believed, not without reason, to be made of ditchwator congealed. But the lights twinkle through the trees upon a hundred merry shows, watched by many a hundred pair of merry eyes. Even the limonadiere, toiling along with that remarkable machine of hers, lookB pleased — perhaps, because her toil will soon be over. Even the sulky little sunburnt soldier in those baggy pantaloons of his, evidently blushing at the badness of their cut, relaxes into a smile— clearly ring from tho white-and-gold orchestras tho voices of the singers — I wish, mamignonne in muslin — excuse my pipe — I could hear more fre quently a Bilvery tinkle in that box of yours, wherein you collect the offerings of your not very liberal at fresco auditory ! But see, that worthy bourycois is regaling his wife, her sister, and himself, with what we should call a nobbier of brandy. Two bites at a cherry ! Three nips from a nobbier ! How strong their grog must be ! What can you expect from a people wlio indulge in potations of such potency ? Atsoa, in tha maintop with a bottle of Bass, looking down upon the motley morning scene on deck. Flir tations and card- playing on tho poop ; here and there a pair of quiet chess-player3, or a languid student hardly keeping up even the sham of reading — boys larking, idlers lounging, on tho booms a fair-haired, fair-cheeked child sitting beside a sailor with a face of tan, watching the process of sail-making, and curi ously examining the 'palm,' with a manifest impres sion that it is a portion of his companion's skin, a little blacker than tho rest. At noon, when tho seams sweat tor, and the flying-fish flash liko silver shafts as they shoot through tho air, saturated with sunlight, as it sooms : and ono envies tho broad-wiugnd albatross, able aa it is to fold thoso spreading vaua, and cool its downy bosom in tho sapphire waters. At night, when the galley-fire blazes out in the ebon gloom, and tho white-crested waves astern, untiring, follow tho flying ship like wolveB hounding Mazeppa ; or the moon rises in beauty, and turns barque and sea and sky into a lovely dream. Among the red-lichened rocka of Tablo Mountain, on the oak-shaded Wynberg road, under the vines at Coustantia, in dusty Capo Town, dustier Melbourne, dustiest Sydney. In tho lonely bush, where the air is almost as fra grant as my Gouda's breath at dawn, whore, during the day, the solitary flowers smile so patiently in the sultry heat ; where, at eve, a far-off cloud above the tree-tops tells of tho returning flock, and, at night, the camped-out traveller's fire winks sullonly as eye of drowsy lion. In these places, and in many a place beside, have I smoked my darling — alas ! alas ! I shall never smoke her more ! she hath fallon from my lips, and lies in fragments on the floor. Peace to her ashes ! Fondly shall I embalm her memory, aud place it in the choicest chamber of my heart ; but it is not good for man to be alone — I must take unto myself another wife 1 Liberality in Business. — There is no greater mistake, says a contemporary, that a business man can make, than to be mean in his business. Always taking the half cent, and never returning a cent for the dollars he has made and is making. Such a policy is very much like the farmer who sows three pecks of seed when he ought to have sown five, and, as a recompense for the meanness of his soil, only gets ten when he ought to have got fifteen bushels of grain. Everybody has heard of the proverb of ' penny wise and pound fool ish.' A liberal expenditure- in the way of business, ia always sure to be a capital invest ment. There are people in the world who are short-sighted enough to believe that their interest can be best promoted by grasping and clinging to all they can get, and never letting a cent slip through their fingers. As a general thing it will be found, other things being equal, that he who is most liberal is most successful in business. Of course, we do not mean it to be inferred that a man should be prodigal in. his expenditure ; but that he should show to his customers, if he is a trader, or those whom he may be doing any kind of business with, that, in all his transactions, as well as social Jrelations he acknowledges the ever lasting fact, that there can be no permanent pros perity or good feeling in a community where benefits are not reciprocal. -Muni's (New York) Merchants' Magazine. Domestic Happiness Bai/Anoed aoainst Mi liiTAiir Glory. — Nineteen long letters from Lord Ellenborough ! He has made me Governor of Scinde, with additional pay; and he has ordered tho captured guii3 to be cast into a tri umphal column, with our names. I wish he would let me go back to my wife and girls, it would be more ;to me than pay and glory and honors : eight months now away from them, and my wife's strange dream realized. This is glory ! Is it ? Yes ! Nine princes have surrendered their swords to mo on. fields of battle, and their kingdoms have been conquered by me and attached to my own country. I have received the government of the conquered province, and all honors are paid to me while living in mine enemy's capital. Well, a I the glory that can be desired is mine, and I c'are so little for it, that, the moment I can, all shall be resigned to live quietly with my wife and girls : no honor or riches repays me for absense from them. Otherwise, this sort of life is life to me ; is agreeable, as it may enable me to do good to these poor people. Oh ! if I can do ono good thing to serve them where so much blood has been shed in accursed war I shall be happy. Maj I never see another shot fired ! horrid, horrid war ! Yet, how it wins upon and hardens one when in command. No young man can re sist the temptation, I defy him, but thirty and sixty are different. — The Life and Opinions of General Sir Charles James Napier, G.G.B. By Lieut.-General Sir W. Napier, K.G.B, [The ' dream,' says Sir William Napier, the editor of the book, ' was this. While living at Caen a \ vivid one [?] showed her that he would be rich : aud powerful, and have a great name ! and that the scene of his aggrandizement would be India,'] 