ME. THACKERAY ON 'THE FOUR GEORGES." (From the Leeds Mercury.) On Tuesday evening last, Mr. Thackeray delivered before the members of the Leeds Mechanics* Institution and Literary Society, one of his course of four lectures, entitled "The Four Georges, aud Court and Town Mauners during their Reigns." Tho lecture was given in the Music-hall, Albion-street, which waa densely crowded in every part by a highly respectable auditory. This lecture, as wo have already stated, waa to have been delivered on Thursday last, but waa post- poned on account of the sudden illness of Mr Thackeray, at Halifax. The committee of the Leeds Mechanics' Institution had en- gaged him for two lectures ; but, iu conse- quence of tho disarrangement consequent upon his indisposition, the second lecture ia post- poned indefinitely. At the present moment, we believe, Mr. Thackeray is fully engaged for four months; so that tho" "Fourth George" ia not likely to appear on tho Leeds Mechanics' Institution stage for some months to come. Tbe subject on Tuesday evening's lecture was the " Third George," who was limned with a master's baud. The chair « as taken by the President of the Institution (James Kitson, Esq) ; and among the gentlemen upon tho platform wo observed-W. B. Denison, Esq. Kov. G. W. Conder, E. Baines, Esq., C. G. Maclea, Esq., J. D. Luccock, Esq., H. Oxley, Esq., P. O'Callaghan, Esq., H. Richardson, Esq., the honorary secretaries and committee of the institution, &c.; Jamos Kitson, Esq., briefly introduced the lecturer, who was very loudly cheered on rising. ' Mr. Thackeray said he bad to glance over sixty years in as many minutes ; and if he were to recount the events and name the men who figured in that period, they would havo all text and no sermon. During that long period, England had to undergo the revolt of the American colonies ; to submit to defeat ; to sliake undor tho volcano of the French revolution ; to grapple and fight for tho life with her gigantic enemy, Napoleon ; to gasp and rally after that tremendous struggle ; the old society, with its courtly splendours, bad to pass away ; generations of statosmon to arise and disappear ; Pitt to follow Chatham to the tomb ; the memory of Rodney and Wolfe to be superseded by Nelson's and Wel- lington's glory ; the old poets who unite U3 to Queen Anne's time too sink into their graves; Johnson to die, and Scott and Byron to arise ; Garrick to delight the world with his dazzling dramatic genius ; Kean to leap on the stage, and take possession of the aston* ished theatre ; steam had to be invented ; kings to be beheaded, banished, deposed, restored ; Napoleon to be but an epi- sode ; and George III. was to be alive through all those varied changes, to accompa- ny his people through all those revolutions of thought, government, society, and survive out of the old world into ours. When the lecturer first saw England, she was in mourn ing for the young Princess Charlotte- the hope of the empire. He came from India as a child, and the ship touched at an island on the way home, where his black servant took him a walk over rocks and hills till they passed a garden where a man was walking. "That's he," said the black man, "that is Bonaparte ; he eats three sheep every day, and all the little children upon whom he can lay his hands." (Laughter.) But there were people in the British dominions besides that poor Calcutta serving-man who had an equal terror and horror of the Corsican ogre He remembered peeping through tho pali- sades of Carlton-house, and seeing the resi- dence of the Prince Regent. But that palace now existed no more than the palace of Nebuchadnezzar ; the sentries had disap- peared, the tall Guards had marched into darkness, and the sound of their tread must be. listened for in Hades. Glancing vapidly at the changos whioh had taken place in the vicinity of the late Palace, he said that in the house, 79, Pall-mall, now occupied by the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts, formerly resided Mistress Eleanor Gwynne, comedian. In the "pub- lished letters to George Selwyn was a mass of correspondence from which was to be de- rived the fullest and most ultimate acquaint- ance with the manners of the time of George III. The letters had not the affectation of Walpole's ; they were not so terrible in their revelations as Hervey's Memoirs ; they were more natural than ''Horace's dandified treble, or Sporus's malignant whisper;" they were by many hands, and described the inner life of the time, with more truth, sometimes, than delicacy. We could not now fancy to ourselves the "fine gentlemen" represented in them, because the race was almost removed from the face of the earth, like the beaver or Red Indian ; and we could not have the "fine gentlemen" pictured in them, because we could not have the society in which they lived. People would not now obey as they once obeyed, and parasites would not be so obse- quious as they were formerly. There were not now children who stood in reverential awe of their parents, who went down on their knees to beg their blessing ; servants who said "Your honour," and "Your worship," at every moment ;tradesmen who stood hat in hand to salute tho gentleman when passing ; authors who waited in the lobby, with a ful- some dedication in their pockets, in tho hope of receiving five guineas from his lordship; or chaplains who said grace and retired with the pudding ;-as in tho days when there were "fine gentlemen." We could not now fancy Mr. Secretary Pitt's under- secre- tary not daring to stand in the presence of his superior : or tho same Mr. Pitt, as Earl of Chatham, on his gouty knees before the King, while transacting business with him, and bursting with reverential awe and grati- tude because his Majesty designed to be kind. Yet such was tho case in George III.'s time; so awful was tho idea of the monarchy. Fancy Lord John Russell or Lord Palmer- ston on their knees whilst their sovereign was reading a despatch or beginning to cry because Prince Albert said something civil. In these letters to Selwyn we saw Charles Fox cursing over the cards : Lord March calling out the latest odds at Newmarket ; we could imagine Burgoyne gaily tripping off from St. James's to conquer America, and afterwards sneaking into tho club somewhat abashed and crest-fallen after his beating ; and tho young king thrusting himself into the drawing room and asking ten thousand questions about other people's business. Mr Thackeray sketched the portrait of Dr. War- ner, a worthy clergyman who told us he did not believe in his religion, but thanked Heaven he was not so big a rogue as a lawyer -( a protege of the old Duke of Queens berry) who talked of having had a hard-day's christening, and then went home to whist and supper-a boisterous, uproarious parasite who revelled in tho thoughts of ox-cheek and Burgundy—who licked his master's shoes, and protested he liked the blacking almost as well as tho claret in old Queensberry's cellar ; who had Rabelais and Horace at his finger's ends ; but who was good-hearted withal, and obtained considerable popularity by his pleasing sermons and easy style of delivery. The commencement of this reign was tho most dissolute our country ever knew—the crime, and levity, and extrava- gance were such as were never exceeded, even in Charles II.'s time. George II.'s bad morals bore their fruit in George III.'s early years ; and a knowledge of George III.'s good example, his moderation his frugal simplicity, his purity and his God- fearing life, tended infinitely to improve the morals of the country and purify the whole nation, (Applause.) After Warner, the most interesting character in Selwyn's correspondence was Lord Carlisle (grandfather of the amiable nobleman who is tho present Viceroy of Ireland,) and was himself formerly Viceroy of that Kingdom. He was commis sioned to take steps for pacifying tho inhabi- tants of our North American Colonies, and win their affections over to Great Britain. His despatches were inserted in the "Royal New York Gazette; " but the mission,provmg unsuccessful, his Lordship returned, and very soon afterwards the"Royal New York Gazette" was discontinued. The good, clever, highly bred Lord Carlisle was nearly ruined by the awful debauchery and thoughtless extrava- gance that prevailed among tho society of those days. The dissoluteness of society was terrible. It had swarmed over Europe after the peace. It brought singing-women and dancing women from all the opera-houses in Europe, on whom my lords lavished thousands whilst they left their honest wives and lovely children languishing in lonely splendour in the castle and park at home. Lord Carlisle was one however, who, after passing through a scene of riotous pleasure in which he never forgot that he had got a good wife and chil- dren (whom he always loved with tho best part of his heart), finally settled down into a sober country gentleman, and left behind him a noble race who inherited his name and his titles—a Carlisle, accomplished, kind, gentle, and pure, beloved as widely as he is known j and female decendants occupying high stations and embellishing their great names—some of them renowned for beauty, and all for spotless lives and pure matronly vir- tues. (Applause.) It was different with the Earl of March, afterwards Duke of Queensbury. Tho legends about " old Q " were most awful ; but almost in our own time this drinking, gambling, wrinkled, palsied, toothless old Don Juan had died as wicked and unrepentant as in his hottest hours of youth and passion. After alluding to the idleness and profligacy that prevailed about this time tho Lecturer said it was to the middle classes we must look for the safety of England; working, educated men, far away from Lord North's bribery in the Se- nate ; the active clergy, not corrupted into parasites by hopes of preferment ; tradesmen rising into opulence ; painters pursuing their gentle calling ; men of letters in their quiet studies-these were the men we love and like to read of in those days. How small the, grandees and men of pleasure look beside them ! How contemptible tho story of George III.'s Court squabbles appears beside tho recorded talk of dear old Sam Johnson ! In their nights at tho club, their modest cups never ended in riot, There, at the Turk's Head, was Goldsmith, so odd and natural ; Burke, the finest talker in tho world ; Gar- rick, flashing in from his theatre ; with Percy and Langton, and poor Bozzy at the table, He regarded Sir Joshua Reynolds as the finest gentleman of the period. He liked to think of that society, Not merely how pleasant, and how wise, but now good the men were In going home one night from tho club, Ed- mund Burke, his whole soul full of great thoughts-thoughts that never left him-and his heart overflowing with kindness, met with a poor woman, to whom he spoke in but kind wise way, and her tears so moved him that he took home the poor Magdalene to his wife and children, and he never suffered her to leave until he found means of restoring her to a life of honest labour, " Oh ! you fine gen- tlemen,'' exclaimed Mr. Thackeray, "You Marches, Selwyns, and Chesterfields, how small you look by tho side; of this great man!" (Applause.) Should we not pardon James Boswell some small peccadilloes for sketching the life of Dr. Johnson so faithfully ?-Johnson-more than a whole bench of Bishops, more than Pitt, North, and the great Fox himself-had the ear of the nation, and his great voice reconciled it to authority. When George III., talked to him, and when the nation heard the great philsopher's opinion, of tho sovereign, a whole generation rallied round their king, What a humanity the good old man had ! Ho was kindly indulgent-a fierce foe to all sin and a gentle enemy to all sinners. " What, boys, are you for a frolic ?" he cried, as Beauclerc and his frollicking companions awoke him at midnight, «I'll be with you in a minute," he added, and tumbled on his clothes and went off with, them to Covent Garden. He had the "liberty of the scenes," as he called it, at Garrick's theatre, and occasionally made use of his privilege. " All the actresses knew me," he said, "-and dropped a curtsey as they passed." What a pretty picture this would make, "Youth, Folly, and Gaiety, tenderly surveyed by Merciful Wisdom, pure-eyed and good." (Applause). Mr. Thackeray then presented an elaborate sketch of tho monarch. His mother's bigotry and hatreod were inheri- ted by George III, along with tho courageous obstinacy of his own race ; but he was a firm believer, whilst his fathers had been free thinkers, and he was a true defence to tho Church of which he was the titular head. Like all other dull men, the king was suspi- cious of superior people. He did not like Fox, Reynolds, Nelson, Chatham, nor Burke. He was frightened at the idea of innovation, and suspicious of innovators. He loved mediocrity -Benjamin West was his favourite painter, and Beattie his favourite poet. The king la- mented in after life, with all the pathos he was capable of assuming, that his education had been neglected—that he had been a dull lad brought up by narrow-minded people. The cleverest tutors in the world could have done little, posssibly, to have expanded that small intellect, though they might, perhaps, have improved his taste, and taught his perceptions more generosity. He admired as well as he could, and learned as well as he was able. To Hannah Lightfoot, the quakeress, he was said to have been mar- ried, although no one was known who had seen tho register. Then there was laughing, black eyed Lady Sarah Lennox, who tried her best to win him, who used to watch him at tho castle window, to make hay at him on the lawn at Holland House, and who died in our time tho mother of tho heroic Napiers. He married the Princess Charlotte of Mccklenburg-Stre litz,-a very plain, common-looking princess, and for years they led one of the happiest and simplest lives ever led by a married couple. It was said, however, that the king winced a little when he first saw his intended bride. They had the mildest pleasures, and their time was spent in the most regular manner. In the evening they would have country dances, and the king would dance for three hours to one tune ; after which piece of delicious excite- ment they would go to bed without any sup- per, the court people grumbling sadly thereat, and get up early next morning. On other evenings the queen would play on the spinnet, or George would read to her a favorite sermon, or a chapter from the Spectator. Oh ! Arcadia, what a pleasant life this must have been ! He was fond of church music, but it was of a pe- culiar kind. Once when blind, he chose tho music for the Ancient Concerts, and selected, as having especial reference to his own afflic- tion, " Samson Agonistes," because reference was often made in it to blindness, helplessness, and captivity. Fond as he was of church music,howtvcr,atid pious as was the bent of his mind, he was not at all a frequent visitor at St. Paul's. One day in the year he did attend-when 5000 charity school children lifted up their sweet fresh voices in angol-straina to heaven,in notes so dulcot and enchanting that the listener might almost fancy he heard the cherubs sing- ing before the Almighty throne. (Applause.) Lie once proposed to establish an Order of Minerva for literary men, to take rank next to tho Bath ; but the literati of the day quarrelled among themselves, and Minerva and her stars never came down. The theatre was always his delight, but he had no taste for Shakspeare, and did not like tragedies—pantomines were his greatest joy. Tho smallest jokes would set him off laughing, and when tho clown swallowed a carrot or a string of sausages, he would roar and hullabaloo so outrageously that the lovely princess at his side had to say "My gracious monarch, do compose yourself;" but he continued to laugh as long as his little wits were left in him. There was something touching in the private early life of tho king ;. and long after his marriage he was under his shrewd, hard, domineering, cruel mother. "George—be a king," were tho words she was constantly croaking into his ear ; and the simple, affectionate, stubborn, bigotted man, tried to be so. He did his best, he worked according to his light ; he earnestly tried to learn, and did succeed in acquiting the rou* tine part of tho Royal business. Who could wonder that with such a man to lead tho peo- ple,-to declare war, and to decide who his million of subjects were to slay, and who -they were to be friends with- punishment and hu- miliation should fall both upon people and king. There was a constant battle between the king and the aristocracy ; it was he and the people who backed him that carried on the war with America ; it was he and the peo- plo who refused justice to tho Roman Catho- lics, and on both these questions beat the pa- tricians. He bribed and bullied ; and darkly dissembled upon occasion ; exercised a stupid perseverance : beat North and Fox and even bowed the stately neck of tho younger Pitt. His indomitable spirit was never conquered. In all this he was thoroughly honest ; for it was by persons who fancied themselves in the right, that nine-tenths of the tyranny abroad in the world had been perpetrated. George 'III. wished for nothing but the good of his people, and he regarded those who did not agree with him as traitors and rebels. After speaking of the quiet, monotonous, prosaic life of the king's, household at Kew and Windsor, tho lecturer related some of tho stories told by the admirer* of the homely ways of George III.-riding about and talking with every one he met about their crops, or their families, or the rent of their houses. On one occasion he played the part of King Alfred ; he turned a piece of meat by a string before the fire of a cottager's house, and when the old woman came home she found some money and a note-"Five guineas to buy a jack." This conduct was not digni- fied for a king-it was that of farmer George. It was thus that our fathers liked the old king and magnified him as the great representative of tho regal character. Mr. Thackeray next presented a beautiful and touching episode - the life of the Princess Amelia, the darling' of the old king,her father who loved her passion- ately, and was heart-broken at her death. With her death reason deserted him, and from November 1810, George 1IÏ, ceased to reign. History presents no sadder spectacle than that old man, blind and deprived of reason, wander- ing through the rooms of his palace, address- ing imaginary parliaments, and reviewing fan- cied troops, he was not only sightless, but he was utterly deaf. All his senses alike- all reason, all sight, all sound of human voices,, all the pleasures of this world, of God, were taken from him. Some slight lucid momenta: he had, in one of which the queen desiring to see him, entered the room and found him sing ing a hymn and accompanying himself on the harpsichord. When he had finished he kneeled down and prayed aloud for her, then for their family, and then for the nation, concluding with a prayer for himself that God would be pleased to avert his heavy calamity from him but if not, that He would give him, resignation to submit to it. Ho then burst into tears and his reason again fled. What preacher need moralise on this story? What words, save the simplest, are requisite to tell it ? It is too. terrible lor tears. The thought of such misery, smote one down in submission before the Ruler of kings and men-the Monarch supreme over empires and republics-the inscrutable Dispenser of lUfe, death, happiness, victory. " Oh ! brothers," I said to those who heard! me first in America-"Oh ! brothers speaking the same dear mother tongue ! -Oh I comrades enemies no more, let us take a mournful hawl together as we stand by this royal corpse, vail call a truce to battle. Low he lies to whom: the proudest used once to kneel, and who was cast lower than the poorest who did him hom- age; whom millions prayed over in vj&a.; Driven off his throne, buflutcd by rude Wid.*' with his children in revolt, the darling of 1 ri old age killed before him, old Lear hangs over her breathless lips, and calls-' Cordelia, Cor delia, stay a little !' ' Vex not his ghost. O! let him pass, He hates him. That would upon the rack of this rough world Stretch him out longer.' Hush, strife and quarrel, over the silent grave Sound trumpets, a mournful march! Fall dark curtain upon his pageant, his pride, \j\ grief, his awful tragedy !" (Loud and reitera- I ted cheers.) /.-. .."<.- ' The President, at tho close of the-lecture, r explained that the illness of Iii. Thackeray at Halifax, last wcek,hnd so disarranged his plans that it would be impossible for him lo deliver his noxt lecture for some time to come ; but .as soon as his present engagements would permit of his returning to Leeds, the fact would bo duly announced. Tho larje assembly then dispersod. 