S3* fi i ix axa. LADY BARKLY.-This lo id, it'ever ii was worth much, is certainly at a mo.--t terrible tUscount now, Thn tine having b;en for the most part abandoned, hnsbe-ii taken up for a içood way ns old ground, with corre- sponding extension of claim*. One or two of the parti: s ar:» p-iJdocking s .ene stu3' that will n-t yield inueh tieyon 1 bare wages. This gi oui 1. li >xc-v.-r, h-- i> u IL i-pcu thoroughly prov.' !, and a better sh nv than has hitherto been abtii-ied nriy yet b ?? i come upon by sums lucky party other, i FRENCHMAN'S -The TJ:iit-d Minns g> t I fairly through the thirl ro'-k on Süud.ty, j and will commence puirtling forthwith. ' Their depth now is about 247 feet, and if all i goes well they will probably bottom in a fortnight's time. The B/.dm Comp my are . 1 getting cm weil with their woiki'ig out, and ? tho vield of the washttuff is improving con ' siderably upon thc last claims that hive ! worked on this le.-.d. The gutter in this claim has a dip southward, and dips at the rate of near upon five : feet in twenty. Th.; Cumberland, Cornish I at A Durham Company appear to b : batter . satisfied with their tight little engine than . , we gave them credit for in our last report, , and we are heartily glad of it. We havs no motive or desire to give any niher than accurate reports, and we «.re glad to havj the opportunity to correct out last respect 1 ing th'> machinery in use by this company. The borers, under the guidance of Mr Elder, are still hammering away at some awfully hard second r.'-ek, about four fe<4 of which they nevertheless manage to punch through per diem. The depth now is about 140 feet. OLD GOLDEN" POINT.-This famous spot ; will, m doubt, die game, if ever it does give , up the ghost, or cease giving up th? gold, j a matter which seems v<-ry susc^piible of . doubt. Fossickers of all sorts are still boring into the Obi Point in all kinds of ways, and John Chinaman willi his ever- lasting buckets and bamboos, continues to carry the surface stuff away to the Flat Around the Point there aro no Uss than eleven puddling machines, all engage i in e.ashing, what is called surface sniff, from tile Point. The most pretentious of th:j works there, however, ".ie thos? in the hand» of the Ceaunt Companies, who have three crushing en^iu-.s erected, two of which are in active operation. Tho two now working have been on the ground f r a considerable time, the other are only just getting their plant into shape. Thc latt'-r has the engine snugly housed, an-i a plat- form laid for the stamping battery. -A rail- ' way- runs from thr- eugine- house to the shart at a distance of some 200 feet Or-so; where a stage is erected by thc side of the shaft, a trap being cut, through which the buckets will capsize into the tr .»rn car a.t once. Th« company are also erecting a puddiing machiiic, which will be worked bv the eugine. One of the companies now work- ing, has al60 a railway running from the ci ushing-house, up the hill to the shaft in w irking by the company. The crushing w ;rks at the rower end of the Point are hairing a long holiday,- and the -premisef Wear a somewhat dilapidated appearance. ? SPECIMEN Qmtáz.-Tie party fron Blackwood, who set up a steam puddling apparatus in the Black Hill Slat some lifcth tune since, »nçf ceased working after an ex- periment or two there, have" cordmenoed tht erection of flieir plant in Specimen Gully, si the back of JaeksoTi'e timber yard. We hope the enterprise of the party will meet with better success tlian the puddling parties who tried their luck there last winter. VICTORIA LBAJ>. - The prospect party reached the glitter on this ground ou Satur- day. There is sir feet depth of wash-stub^ We hear, and a very encouraging show has i been obtained. One or two other parties are going down, and a considérale number of chums have been marked off. The surveyor arid warden were on the ground on Wednes- day, andopei"a«otis.are experted uow togo on more briskly. SEAÍLOW RUSH.-The rush near" ,tbe Catholic Church is not; of much account. A few claims are working, and gold is got, but the quantity is by no means worthy special no£ira>_ WABBENHEIP PROSPECTING.- xo pai-y working in tlie bush to the east of Clayton t Hill, hate got deep ground at about 80 feet we hear, and gold has been obtained. The prospect, as yet, is not extraordinaiily good, and but few parries are on the ground. The dip of tho ground is Clayton's HUI way, but it ia liard to say where an outlet for a gutter can ?. Be fbttrid that way ; as the old Canadian and Sed Hill hare been so well worked that it is difficult to imagine a new gutter is running in anywhere on those leads. SSTETHE'S CHEEK.-The prospecting parry i and 2 Warren's Lead, are getting on very well with their work. They reefed at eighty feet, and have driven about sis feet in the reef, from which several ounces of gold, both fine and nuggety, have been taken. The ground has a promising look, aud the spirits of the miners there are improving with the improving aspect of affairs. COBBLE s's.-We hear some of the parties on this old ground are getting some first-rate stuff ; several rather large hauls having been made iu the gully within the last week or so. XiGaTiríGALE.-This lead is promising weil so far as the show iu lhs hill claim goes. The engine party are still " mum." and although amply protected in their claim, refuse to giv;- information for the guidance of others. This may probably be accountable for oa the ground of ih;ir bring disposed to push their way into a retch of spare ground between their claim and that on the hill. This spire ground is claimed to be added to the hill claim, as they have less than their regulation area. We are toll that tue rest of ;he miners on the lead are in favor of the addition being mal-, as not only have the hill party less thau their share, hut they deserve every consideration on ace mot of the way in which they have worked and ma le known the results of their operations, contrasting thus generously and courteously with the engine company below. 