MEJCnOTTIt^TK HUSX SOIXGS. Bt NrintoD's Ghost. Satubdat.— Tho beauty'of the weather, and tho not having hod a regular country day of it for three weeks, induced a larger cumber than usual to wend thoir way overnight to the Cheltenham tryst. The dinner table was tolerably filled, and the customary cozy evening was ' calculated upon by thoso who bear in ' tho mind's oyo, Horatio !' tho recollections of many a past Cheltenham rendezvous. Unfortunately, however, the horizon of jollity w»« overcast by a dark cloud in the form , of an itinerant company of nigger screnadcrs, who favoured the hotel that night with their prescutc, and insidiously per-' suaded the landlord to usher them into our august society, for the sake of affording us half-an-hour's laugh at their quips and quirks. ' Black jokes,'' indeed, they proved, for, whon wo had had ' enough, and to spare, they continued their noisy discords for the gaping delight of the bar customers, until such an early hour, that, whon able to suatch a wink of sleep, our dreams wero a confusod hubbub of runaway railway trains, badly played drums, and sooty 'fallen angels,' 'When awaked at suuriso by the Master, who always jumps up fresh, whatever may have happonod overnight, very few folt much bettor for their turn-in ; but the excite ment of a hunting morning soon brought smiles on each faco, aud all past troubles wore forgotten over a hearty breakfast. At 6even o'clock, tho nags wcro brought out, tho hounds unkennelled, and away wo merrily trotted to tho favourite kangaroo cover. Just as the hounds wero thrown forward, a nasty drizzling rain commenced, and iu a fow minutc3 we wero all completely soaked. As, however, it was all tho better for a good scent, tho tem porary evil was cheerfully taken as a blessing, tho only conseauenco being an cariier application to tbo 'pocket pistol than our wont. ror nearly two hours tho draw was unsuccessful, uo gamo having ap parently been afoot, and tho close contact of wet buckskins and saddles mado our teeth begin to rattlo like ' bones in tho box.' Suddenly, however, an 'old man,' a doe, and a joey, all got up together at viow, and wo felt warm in tho instant. Tbo (Iyer and her little one wero cut out by tho master, although Borne of tho field wero for making short work of the boomer, and wo dashed away at a slashing paca for about a couplo of miles, when the began running a succession of rings that were very annoying, — a« tho immediate ground was wot and boggy. Tired of this eort of fun, Mr. 'Watson whipped off, and called a halt — to blow tho hounds. After » few minutes' spell, and the rain having cea=ed, ho mado for a froth covert, a good-natured cockatoo Bottlor volunteering to b!io«- us a certain find. .Suro enough, ho bad hardly indicated tbo spot when a young 'un jumped up in ono direction, and a fine doo in another. Tbo darlings wore iiuiokly laid on the latter, and opened on tho trail with such a rattling burst as almost foretold fho eport that was hi store for us. For three miles we btreauied straight away towards tho Daudenong Hangcs, when our quarry headtd round and led us, over soino inoder.-ito fences, back to tho quarter whore \vo had started hor. Twico over the run tho same ring, tho hounds keeping truo to tho line, and nover giving moro thau a momentary check, till the closeness with which f.ho was pressed, forotd her to break nvray from her known haunta, and faco a fine open country. Tho yoing now improved both in pace and tho naturo of tho ground, and tho working of the rack wa3 most admirablo to watch. ' Garland' led tho way, ' discoursing most eloquent music,' aud never did hound deserve a richer meed of praise. 'With unerriug precision sho dashed along, all tbo pack being well up with her ; ami tho astonishing truth with which she hold tho fccent, and turned unerringly ou tho track of tho Hying long-tailod 'uu, can ouly bo compared to tbo prccitiou of a well-bred greyhound turning v/ith a haio. Fur moro than an hour the steam was kept up, every nmn being lialf ciazy with delight, and the horses pegging along with an equal enjoyment of tho fun, when tho game waa viewed not very far from tbo hill near the homo kennel. A speedy death was now counted iqii/ii, und tbo two or tlireo 'regulars' who always stiain for tho honours of tho brush, kept well forward in tho- hopes of cutting ono another out. To tho general surpriso, howoveT, the gallant game seemed to Jave obtniieH a new lease pfjifo^ after a hurried dip in a wxter-hoIo/SncUlie goipglJccatne' faster than ever. ' She's made a strtrige country, arid will lead us a dance yet,' said the M»lter— and his words proved true, for wo rattled on until ? the Oakley Inn stared us in the face. ' Who'd liavi thought it !''; edeh man exclaimed, as we banged across the highroad, »nd caught a near view of some rasping fences, which would have been ugly work with tiring horses ; and ' who'd have thought it '.' was again said when the hounds sud denly threw up. Some labourers, luckily, had been a? astounded from their tasks by tho unexpected sight of our bounding quarry, and pointed out the lino. With a quick cast, the Mastor laid tbo pack ou, and in ' a brace of shakes' Tally-ho ! was Bhouted. Twico wo galloped right round the public-house, jumped reck lesslv over a nasty roadside drain, and then dashed down tho 'gully to the creek. Through mud and water all scrambled and splashed, mounted a teasing hill on the opposite side, turned again, aud went through the boggy bottom, a third time rounded the grog-shop, and crossed the abovo uzly drain, when the doc was seen dead beat and gradually sinking before tho eager hounds. In another minute they were into her, and she was pulled to'carth after as fine a chise as over kangaroo afforded. All the field were well up, except one unfortunate ?visitor from Ballaarat, whose niaro was not up to bis weight ; and there ought to have beea a dozen trophies for 'each to have received his fair share of merit. The run lasted an hour and a half, including tho tri fling chocks, and the distance covered was at least 15 miles. Tdesdat.— A very small party, though including Borne ' workmen,' mustered »t Dnnnett's. A slapping layman was turned dovrn, and afforded a merry buret of nino mite over eoroe thickly fenced country. The press upon Beirt columns this week prevents giving tbo full particulars of the run, though well meriting the chro nicle ; suffice it then to say, that it was regular steeple chasing, and only about half-a-dcjcn could go tho lino to ♦he finish— Lottery, Blackboy, Goblin. Fivcy, Post and Hails, l'erliceman X, and 'Stringy Bark stuck to it throughout; Fairplay's rider, Sammy, and the Ghost getting purlers at the commencement. Striugy Bark, ridden to hounds by the Whip for the first time, shaped very well, taking many stiff leaps in capital stylo. Per haps the moBt siriking incident to record of this and last Saturday's chevy is the fact that our hud-lea little friend actually escaped his usual grasscrs. Poor 'Fair Play,' we are sorry to ray, broke his back in the hoavy fall he got. 