THE LAST PARLIAMENT AND THE NEW ONE. (From the Times, 16th April.) AN extraordinary panic has seized the crowd of gentlemen who were members of the last Parliament, but are not of the new one. They are in consternation at the mediocrity of their successors and the period of legislative inefficiency with which England is threatened. They have been beaten, not by bad men, but, what is worse, by men of straw-the merest lay figures of faction and though they can easily reconcile themselves to their own defeat, they are concerned for the country that suffers this plague of nobodies. Hardly a man of them can make a good speech, or has any politics. The panic is extraordinary, not so much for those who feel it or for those about whom it is felt, but for the matter of it. This inefficiency, now so much apprehended, was the chief characteristic of the last Parliament, and the very boast of all I the three sections routed at the election. What was called " the Manchester School," though Manchester has now rescued itself from the ignominy of school from, the Peelite coterie, and the Conservatives, have all plumed themselves for some time, not on what they have done, but what they stopped. The last are professedly worshippers of the god Terminus, but the other two sections have done his obstinate Majesty not less service for some time by their constant hostility to every practical and actual suggestion. For one thing they have proposed-generally something as safe to propose as a railway to the Moon-they can enumerate with pride a dozen measures which they have opposed with more or less success. When the Conservatives, indeed, got in for a few months they snatched a roguish triumph by passing some measures made to their hand, and which they would not have allowed anybody else to pass. Experience shows, indeed, that the Conserva- tives ought to be in once in a Parliament. At intervals of five years or so the Sir Robert Peel for the time being-that is, the man in that political place and succession ought to have his brief Saturnalia, just to pass what he will no longer oppose now that it answers his purpose, and what the other side will not oppose, because it is stolen from their own budget. But, if doing nothing has been hitherto the essence of patriotism, why is it all at once to be a national calamity? Putting aside those twoponnyquestionsof finance which have been lately elevated into the sublimest of human struggles, it is evident that, in the opinion of the ousted factions, neither the Church, nor the Law, nor Education, nor our great cities, for some half dozen other likely subjects of legislation, will be much the worse for being let alone a little longer. As one runs through the names of the departed one is struck by the preponderance of respectable Conservatives, who seemed to surround one as the Grecian ghosts did AEneas in the infernal regions, and open their months in vain. Here are old county members, who have been returned to several Parliaments as the supposed advocates of interests which can no longer be disengaged from the interests of the people at large. It would be quite cruel to name them, though some of them are intolerable tyrants in their own little spheres, and have just so much of conscience as leads them to crush the conscience of everybody about them tenants, clergy, little squares, and even their own sons. But in the whole 91 set down as Conservatives there are not half-a-dozen that by any stretch of fancy or favour could be set down as losses to the country. Persons of this class, who rest so much on their right of possession, and presume on the vis inertias of the country, may be found to be in the way, and cannot expect to be much missed when they are got rid of at last. As the Conservatives are more easily numbered than named, the Peelites must be named to make a show, for their number is insignificant. But when we have named Mr. R. Palmer, Mr. Cardwell, Sir S. Northcote, Mr. R. Phillimore, and even if we should go through the whole dozen we should only serve to show that the House has not lost in them what it most wants-a broad, simple, intelligible, and patriotic class of politicians. It has lost a class more ready to raise difficulties than to get over them, and aiming rather to be wiser and better than the rest of mankind than to appeal to the common sense of the good and the wise. Honestly, we do not see how any one practical discussion is likely to suffer by their absence. Then come those most dogmatical, most opinionated, most con 'cited men, hitherto classed as the Manchester School. We have ever done justice to their ability, and hope still to do so; but in the computation of Parliamentary gains and losses, it is to be observed that the genuine influence of these men is rather extra- Parliamentary. No doubt, Mr. Cobden and Mr. Bright, should he happily recover, Mr. M. Gibson, Mr. W. J. Fox, and the rest, will find abundant opportunities for express- ing themselves, perhaps even more freely than in the House of Commons. Some of their opinions, such as those about peace and arbitration, are so little adapted to the actual state of things that they simply interfere with the business of Parliament as much as if a Vegetarian or a Latter-Day Saint should insist on an annual night for the exposition of his fancies. In the case of this school, and the very similar sect of the Hercules, their almost complete massacres the election will tend to the greater silence, possibly sometimes to the dullness of our debates j but we shall not be sorry to miss speeches that can lead to no practical > result, and are little more than ostentatious egotism. And now for the much maligned hundred and seventy odd whom the British public- no such bad judges of men have given us instead. It is true that many are but little known, and that many are young some very young. But even to take the most superficial estimate, there are quite as many Lords, and Honorable, and Baronets, and great country names in the new as in the old House. The newnes of this class cannot be a worse pick of the aristocracy than the old, and there is at least hope on the side of the young and the unknown. Some of the names are sufficiently well known to give a definite promise of novelty ; there are enough Radicals, and Humou'sts, and Literary Men and men said to be old, to be some compensation for the less regular s rt of talents thrown out in the general election. There are, too, many men of business, such as the new members for Manchester and for some other boroughs. Then there old friends come back again, such as the member for South Durham. Other- wise the new list offers large scope for conjecture, and it is quite impossible to say what we may and what we may not expect in the new House. But the British House of Commons, as it was always supposed, does not depend chiefly on that sort of talent which a man brings from public meetings, from debating societies, from book-writing, or from any other special use of the mental or oratorical powers. It is a peculiar sphere, and has special requirements of its own. What it demands chiefly is common sense, and a man of common sense, good temper, and clear and simple style of expression, is a far more useful man there than a mere disclaimer, however fast and furious. We have that faith in the country, and especially in those feelings which have influenced the election, that we are sure the 170 new members comprise a respectable amount of character, good sense, and good manners. In such a lottery there must be more blanks than prizes, but they will not be all blanks. They will naturally start with more courage than the crowd which has submitted for years to the l claims of louder and more forward speakers, and who are no longer able to break the spell of silence. One will encourage another, and before long we shall have 1 to congratulate the country on the fact that the political soil is not wholly exhausted. In the general readiness to decry the now House, we recognize little more than the uniform disparagement of a new gene tation by the old. What boy leaving a school ever thinks that the new-comers can rise to the stature of the giants he can remember ? Who, on revisiting his old school, does not think it lamentably fallen off? Who does not deplore the decay of his town, the full- ing off of his neighbourhood, and the general degeneracy of society ? Of course, the old members think small of the. new ones. We can remember those old ones thought quite, as small by the old fogies" of their younger days. So it always has been, and always will be. We, however, beg to retain fresher views and hopes, and to believe that the new members will turn out at least as good as the old ones. 