DIR. O'DON OHUE TAKING HIS SElT : IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS. . The doings of the day being in one sense merely pro forma, and having reference :rather" to what was to come .off in the Lords than what was going on in '.the Commons; matters flagged till the enliven jhg announcement that a member was about to take the oaths and his seat ! ' Mr. Speaker himself who, for nearly a dozen and a half years, has . looked as solemn as -a sphinx, never relaxing into, a smile all the/while, only an occasional semi-Carker- likc' simper, laughed outright, as he're- 1 peated' .the summons ; for he " might laugh ; now; "without loss of dignity, seeing that with, his wig to-night he casts off fesppnsi- bility', and henceforth has only to trouble himself with writing his new territorial title instead of his old patronymic, /and taking £4000 a year for so doing.- And 'who was the illustrious stranger thus called, to . senatorial life and to .the giving np the ghost,, in the- same breath?' : None/ other than the tremendous O'Donoghue ! \At that : dread name a solemn pause ensued, and all eyes were turned intently ' -tor-the bar, in expectancy of some six feet six -of Hibernian anatomy, with a green shanirock .harp! hung over his shoulder, an elk skin on the other, a man-slaughtering falchion by .his side, a wolf-dog at his heels, and a visage of Saxon-slaying ferocity, : . Aston ishing to behold, however, there walked demurely up the floor to the table '' the mildest mannered . - man that ever scuttled. , ship ' or cut a throat beat booted, dainty gloved, spruce coated, Ma cassar haired, and quiet- faced : altogether as inoffensive and presentable. a. personage as though he were native and to the manner born in Pall Mall instead ofTipperary. However,- for that shillelah-famed shire was be sworn, taking the oath "bf tdle- giance to the British lion as innocently as though Brian .Born, was a ratepayer , of Maryiehone, and Ireland were the county of Rutland ! Having kissed the book and signed the books, he went up " to the Speaker, bpth shook hands,, respectively and respectfully, turning away their heads as they did so afraid of laughing- in each other's ' faces/ But, .as' Solomon or some body else has wisely remarked," you .can't wash a blackamoor white : — human nature wUl' be human nature, even in /Parliament The O'Donoghue " cauglit the Speaker's eye"— with a twinkle; in it. The Speaker tittered| the O'Donoghue grinned ; and a ...general gwaff ensued, without a word of "order, order," for all was disorder) the most' disorderly Being the ex-decorum giver -inthe1 chair. The antique chuckled till he chincked : with enjoyment. Vernon Smith went into what he himself called " hilarious enthusiasm and even "the caf daveroiis Sir George .Grey looked like a \- ghoul at a' hornpipe, so highly entertained was he. . J One alone was unmoved by the mirth of the multitude. The Asian Mystery scorned the Giaours aid their frolic. Alone on the opposition bench, .in . solitary state Sidonia sat/peering presciently into that something .or nothing which looms in his future. Not a "muscle in that necromatic visage relaxed, or rather tightened, -for \- Disraeli differs from everybody else even in the way he laughs ; that is to say he :;.;wbuld do if ever he did laugh ; but ae he neVer does, and probably never did, why it isn't very easy to photograph the process , -precisely in pen and ink. The singularity -of this abstinence from cacchinatory indul- /gence becomes all the greater when it is known, as all do know, that he has the liveliest possible relish not merely of sub tle humour, but of broad drollery. One of the few tributes he pays Peel (Bentinck Biography), is for the heartiness of his laugh ; — -therein bearing -witness to this : invariable truth, that a frank laugh fs the echo of a frauk heart, a false and forced \- laugh- the contrary, Sir Robert himself being no exception to the rule, for it . is now notorious that he was naturally the . reverse :; of artificial. Great wits before now laughed at their own jokes.: but .the mem ber" for. Bueks laughs not at his own, -nor at others. neither feu ' esprit hot Christian pleasantry. Yet there is nothing- offensive ih this : ihsensi- . lilityi - It is'nt that he d&ies; Jtfie; general \- infiuence hut tha,t He .is "; totally impervious, to ." it, . . as . . indeed . he >is to .. everything ; and ....erybodyv:'.1? '"the ..place, ; although alive . to. :every pulse, and seemingly to every, thought ' throughout the whole -building, in anyyyay pertaining to him. .But .from .everything that" doesn't ' he has tKe; faculty of appa rently abstracting himself completely;j;and he might be picking- up. preadamite cockle shells by the shores of the Dead Sea for —anything that liveliness in St." Stephen's has to do with him or he with it. Still he might really have condescended to have shbwn a little interest iix the affair of to- :day > The Normans, we know, for he tells us so, are mere mushrooms in his nostrils, and even the Ancient Britons are upstart . toadstools. . But the O'Donoghue thinks very little more of a thousand years than the Caucasian chronologer. himself. Tenant right he traces to Noah's allowance for improvements on Mount Ararat, which ' remarkable hillock, contrary to . received opinions, seems to have been in Conemara, . and not.in Asia Minor. At least thaL's the understanding in Tipperary. and any- one that refuses so to understand it, let him "look to his head. So says the O'Donoghue, and so say Lord Donoghmore and the other Derbyites . who have returned him on strictly, social and conservative principles ; \- and the least the Hebrew might have ' dorie . wassto.-bave hailed the Hibernian with; a hah -hah. — - Correspondent of Liverpool -Albion. ;"" ;.'./ >. ' / ! !.'.' ).j, ! 