: SUMMARY OF ENGLISH NEWS, - ' (From the Herald.) " LONDON. ' , (From our own Correspondent.) Of coarse political, gossips arc just now in' llieir glory. " Nothing can oxceod tho busy state of the leading oluhs, and election agents in town and country are arming themselves for the; coming fray. Lord John Russell has announced his "intention of again standing for the representation of the'; city of London, Mr. Uobden leaves the) West Riding, and iinds refuge in' the arms of the inhabitants of Bolton. His successor is not ltnown, hut Lord Goderioh and Sir John Ramsden are indifferently spoken of. If report bo true, however, tho latter is not very popnlar in the place where ho is best known, namely; Huddcrsfiold, which town lie may be said to own. This will not give him prestige in, the West Riding, which ought, besides; to return a representative for his talents and not for his money. In the metropolitan boroughs there will b'o severe contests, and some changes)' Alder: maii Ohallis retires from Einsbury, and .liis place is solicited by Major Reed and'Ser jeant Parry. Mr. Charles Pearson comes forward to' contest Laraboth with tlio pre sent members, Mr. Wilkinson, and ; Mr. William Williams. -Mr. Sewell again fights with Mr.'Apsley Pollatt arid. Sir G. Napier for . Southwark. Lord Palmerston has ) been ' solicited . to stand for tlio City in the plaoo of his little rival, Lord John ; and it is said that he might he elected oither at Liverpool or the West Riding, but it is not likely that lie will- desert Tiverton. The representation of a large constituency ' is honourable enough, but it has its inconvenience; and involves much labour and responsibility. Parlia ment will, it is thought,' be dissolved on or about lliis day fortnight (25th), and mem bers will then be let loose upon thoir con stituencies. , : ' ") '. \- We arc apt to imagine that politicians, although . not exactly) eriipty headed, are, minus those) little, things ladies oall hearts,' and ,) susceptibilities, and such like ; wo were:'-: therefore considerably -surprised to observe the deep emotion exhibited on tlio night of the 9th in the House of Commons on-the votoof thanks- being moved to the Speaker on his retirement.' Lord Palmer- atou was for once grave) and made a speech without calling .forth a Bingle laugh, while Mr.' Disraeli was, overpowered' by liis ox- tremo emotion. '. With faltering voice and' glistening eye he assured the "right hon- onrablo gentlemnn of his want of power to .properly express himself on the occasion,- The Speaker liimsolf could say but few words, his feelings being too much for him) and ..this lie confessed. This is no, discredit to tlio gentlemen concerned, but, rather let us say that we record it to 'their honour. Tlio Speaker will, as usual; retiro upon a pension and a peerage after his eighteen years' service. Mr. Shaw Lefevro . has held this appointment for the last eighteen yoars. Ho has prcsidod over the lower. House for a longer period than any pre vious Speaker, with one exception, that of Arthur Onslow, who occupied tho obair for 33 years. Mr. Lefevro is 63 years of age, has boon in Parliament since 1830, and was first chosen Speaker in 1839, on the re tirement of Mr. Ahororombio, and in oppo sition to Mr. Goulburn. He was again elected in 1841, 1847, and 1852, so that ho hn3 filled the saino office in four succes sive Parliaments. It will bo difficult to find a man in overy way so qualified for this dignified post, whether physically or men tally. Nature lias endowed him with aov- eral qualities very necessary in a Speaker, a commanding presence, a good voice, great patieneo, good health, common sense, much disoretion and general readiness. Every one unitcB in his praise, and concurs in thinking him well deserving of tho title and pension whioh the Crown and the low- er House are -about to bestow upon liim, His removal to . tlio Houso of Peers will oreate a vacancy for North Hants. 'There' will of eourso bo an exciting strugglo for tho olinir between tlio two rival parties on tlio meeting' of tho now parliament. Mr. Stuart AVortley, tho present Solicitor-General, or Mr. Baines, (probably the former) will lio tho govern ment candidate, wliilo tho opposition will bring, forward Mr. Walpolo or Sir Erodorio Thosigor. : It wjll ho tho first struggle of parties "and will test their strongtli with tolerable"aaouraoy. Alderman Ghallis, not having the. ghost of. a chance of re-eleotion for Finsliury, ro- tires) and Serjeant Parry offers' himself. The "state, of fooling in London on tho Chinese question must not bo taken from the roports in tho newspnpers, The, mer chants havo made a great noise at Guild hall .upon the matter j but then it must bo remembered that many of these men nro interested men, aud also, to use a forcible and; very expressive expletion vory muoh in vogue now among Cockney street boyB — they " nint everybody." ' The , Lord Mayor readily called ibb meeting, iind of course, it went off with much empresse- ment ; but there is another meeting to oome, we hoar, when those disapproving pf.,the war in China, will bo afforded an oppovtuniiy of recording aheir opinions upon tho matter.'" There is to bo, wo hear, a largo meeting next weok, at which Mr. Cobden and others will be present, and- speak, when we shall hear another tale ifrom that given at Guildhall, . . -! The excitement produced by the awful colliery explosion near Barnslcy .still con tinues in the neighbourhood. None of the bodies (estimated at 180 in number) )havo been recovered, arid as the pit has ; been' flooded in order to put out tho.fire, there is not tho slightest hope of rescuing any of the sufferers alive. - Soma wtieks may even elapse before the pit can be descended. , Tlio prospect of ri general eleotion is. not a pleasant one- to London peoplo. The re assembling of Parliament led to tlio con clusion that trade would improve, and in fact it did improve, -and in fact it did im-- prove visibly, when: just. .at "the moment when Londoners begnn .to ;rub thoir hands' and congratulato each other, oomes tlio terrible combination, the adverse, vote, and tho announcement of a dissolution of Par liament. Away BCamper frightened mem bers of ) both Houses with thoir ) families and) friends,, and away; fly. all tlio hopes of London prosperity. Month upon month will pass away before the oountry will be again settled, and although in, London ex clusive dealing, produced by political ran cour is almost -unknown; stilpthe clearing out paused by tho lunwou ted business and excitement in the country must and :will be seriously felt. : Wherever we go wo 'are m'et by the expression of - gloomy appre- bension. ' , \ -The fashionablo world; will, have- had ample food for g038ip ia tlio marriage of Miss Leonora Rothschild (eldest daughter of the Baron who is elected for, hut does riot represent, tho city of' London) to her cousin,- Rarpn Alpho'nso, eldest son of the Parisian head of this great family. : The splendour of the breakfast requires all the fine writing of " JoameB1' aud his compeers to do i t justice. The plate of silver and of gold (hardly, inferior' to that possessed: by royalty); the wedding presents, including five or six silver breakfast services and ono of.standard gold, piles .of. jewels, lace, silver., and gold filagree, bulil esorotoires, Sevre and Dresden chinn; the quaint foriris of the Jewish marriage ceremony, tho re splendent dress of the bride (nothing is sajd of her beauty), the high) rank of the guests, the toast of the sixteen bridesmaids wittily given by Mr.'- Bernnl Osborne, the bride's,'- health proposed by' the French Ambassador, and those of Baron James arid Baron Lionel do, Rothschild by Mr.-Dis- vaoli arid Lord John Russell — all these famous ovonts are enough"' to stock the pages of the Court - Journal for ' a week, and to furnish topic for. conversation in' fashionable circlesj for tho rest of tho sen- son.' . '-7;,; - ';') " ,, . ; . The obituary since my last 'comprises) the following porsons ; — The Hon. and Rev. C. R. Pakenham, who died at Dublin on the 1st inst., in; the convent of his or der. He was brother of the Earl of Long ford, and nephew, of the late Duehess of Wellington, arid formerly aide- de-camp to her Majesty, being then an officer in the Guards, which profession he resigned on the ocoasion of his conversion to the llom- isli faitli a few years since, and joiued the Order of tho " Barefooted Olorks of tlio. most Sacred Passion . of our Lord Jesus Christ," On tlib . 2nd inst,,- died, aged forty-two, the Right Hon. Edward Thomas Howell Thurlow, tho third Lord Thurlow, a descendant of .the) well-known Niokolas Thiirlow, tlio enterprising traveller, who made the tour ' of all Europo, Asia) and America, in the 17th oentury ; also, on the 9 th inst., James Duff, Earl of Fife, in his 81st year, a general in the Spanish army, in-whioh he servod as a voluuteer through out tlie Peninsular war. - ) We suhjoiri further European news:-— 