District iilelus. SINGLETON. (From a Correspondent.) WRSLKT/AK IMKLMGKNOB-Hie uRiial qutot of our ti loo little town waa relieved on Monday last, by au event whioti must ufiord sincere gra- tification to tbe religious publia On tbe last Sabbath, the Rev. »V. A. Quick, of West Mait- land, preached two excellent sermona in the Court-house, to large congregations-especially in the evening. And on the anniversary ol the Inundation ot the oolony, the foundatiun-Btono ot tbe now Wesley an Churob wan laid by the Rev. J". Peraoll, the minister of the 01 ron it, m tbe presence ot a large number of the member* of that Church, and other friends, lie using those words -" I lay this as the foundation and aimer-stone of a Church to be built in this place-to bo called ' Wesley's*-in whiob the pure doatriiies of tbe Gospel, us eont&ined; in the Rev. J. Wesley's first lour volumes of ser- mons, end his notes on tbo Now leBtament, shall be preached. In the name ot tim bather, ol tbo bon, aud of tbe Holy Ghost" lbe assembly then retired to the spacious tent erected for the occasion, when suit ible addresses were delivered, and a oolleotion waa made , the meeting was then adjourned until hall-past five o'clock, when tea was annonnoed, and about one hundred persons partook ot tbe abundunoe provided \\\ hen the tables were cleared, the Treasurer presented his account, and read a list of subscriptions, a very pleasing part of which was the announcement that the sam ot £20 12« had been oolleoted by seven juveniles, as a Christmas and Kew Year's offering to tbe good oause, and £26 17s lid. as the result ot the ladies' sewing meetings. The Rev. W A. Quick again addressed the meeting, now in- creased by fresh arrivals-in a very telling speech, donations nero solicited, and the ap- peal was well responded to. We nour that the result of the day'a proceedings, financially, in- cluding the amount received irom the young persons, was nearly £70. The building is to be 43 by 26, with pointed windows-plain, but substantial We are glad to leam that it is to be proceeded with, as soon as arrangements can be msdo with workmen , the bnoks and timber are on the ground. We hear that an appeal will be generally made in the town and neigh- bourhood, which, if at all successful, will enable the WeBleyans to ereot a Church free from debt. biDgloton, January 29. NEWCASTLE. PUBLIC MüRma -On Wedneiday evening last, pnranant to requisition, tho Warden, T E Stacy, Kail , called a publia meeting at Mr. Howson'» tun. Maitland Rond, " For tho pnr posu ot petitioning the Legislativo Assembly against any encroachment on tho Market H liar f contemplated by tho railway commis- sioners " Dr Sine) look the oban, and during tie proceedings took occasion to remark that on former occasions he had always convened publia meetings at tho court house, but at present that building waa under repairs, and Mr Havaon's largo room waa tim only ono offered them. Mr Adams proposed, nnd Dr lirookoa seconded the first ri solution m nccard anoa with the oljeot ot the meeting Mr. M'Atiltll proposed, and Mr Bland seconded, a very strangely worded amendment,and Mesan» Kemp and ¡luxton addressed tho mooting in lavor of having the torminus at tho oast end ot the town The chairman in putting the amend- ment remarked that it was not very compli- mentary to the meeting, and calling for a show ot hands, eight woro held up in its favor, and alargo majority ni favor of tho resolution Other resolutions were proposed and oat ned by a large majority praying government to mako inrthor inquiries into the matter, and that tho same Rhoiild ho embiidiod in a petition to be pre- sented by Mr Flnod, and that Messrs Jones, Weekes, "Msott, Piddington, Ktisden, Arnold, mid Martin be requested to snpport the same, rho meeting was tidilriBsod bv Messrs M'Curmnok, Howden, Kodgtrs, M Kay, and others, arguing that Government had no right to cirry the railway along to the sand drifts, through the Market Wharf and other wl.atfs, without con- sulting tho citizens, that it would interfere with the thoroughlare, nnd that a terminus oould be completed at Dullock Island for a m noll smaller sum , that thu sum thus saved might carry the lino a few milos further into tho Interior, &c; , Ac 'lbe meeting was very largo and influential, end, considering the clashing elements, passed off tory «oil Three hearty cheers were giren fer the chairman, and the meeting broke up. Newcastle, Jan 29. 