THE LAW OP SUICIDE. ¡ (From the Morning CJironicle, IMA December;) RELICS of barbarism still abound in every de- partment of the law-but nowhere more ab- surdly and offensively than in the legal treat- ment of the felo-de- se. As the principal criminal in such cases, by the very nature of his offence, is beyond reach of human justice, the lawr rankers seem to have run wild in devising strange and shocking penalties, the only sufferers from which are the unfortunate relatives of the self-murderer. . His body was buried in a cross road, transfixed with a stake, and without Chris- tian rites-his property confiscated to the Crown, and his name and m :mory treated in every re- spect aB of one whom the Church had excom- municated, and the law branded as a felon. Some, of the more revolting features of this system have indeed been abandoned in practice, if not abrogated in law. Enough, however, re- mains to render a verdict of " felo-de-se" equjj valent to a heavy sentence against the heirs and . relatives of the , deceased, and leading also to practices of another sort towards the Senseless corpse, altogether inconsonant with the àdvanc i ing humanity and piety of the age. These con sequences, moreover; followed at once /rora- the verdict pf a coroner's jury. From that single decision there was no appeal, hör possibility of obtaining a revisión of the sentence once pro- nounced. The juries themselves, however, have recognised 7;the. brutality of " "the V l*w\' they are sworn to administer and contrive to evade the consequences, by. returning: .verdict« of insanity, even in cases . of most ? . deliberate and pre-determined . suicide. Some .coroners have gone so far as to propound the doctrine that no oho could possibly attempt the' act of self destruction :»xcept while insane..-Whether, the juries have fully-accepted the conclusion or bot, they Bbb wV at any rate, great eagerness to avail thems Ives of the evasive . contrivance-nrçfer ring to palter with the strict meaning .of their oaths and the direct tendency of the' evidence given at the inquest, rather than record a sen- tence of " felo-de-se." ! ; / ; I the difficulty, however, does not end here. A . further dilemma, involving very serious conse- quences, has arisen from this divergence between the letter of thelawahd the'comn^'oniehse.o'f right and humanity. This fact h.'ma^-ue-gMnQ(lfor an urgent complaint in a letter addressed by the 1 Bishop ! of Chichester 'to jSir JGeprge Grey.. It arose in this wise. A yohng woman, servant io a farmer at. Lodswprth, .in Sussex, committed suicide by swallowing arsenic; Her motive Wai evident-the unfortunate girl was about to be- come a mother, having, it was stated, been seduced by a labourer employed on the same farm. In order to obtain the poison she .walked to Midhurst, a distance of four miles, and, «a usual, there was no difficulty experienced in purchasing the deadly drug. Returning to the farm, she showed the arsenic, and declared her intention pf, committing self- destruction, to the author of her misfortune, but, as she said afterwards, obtaining from him "no satis- faction," she went to a rick and swallowed the poison. From some cause or other the drug did not prove mortal for two whole days, during which the sufferer was frequently visited by, the Rev. Mr. Clark, minister of the .parish. It was aft°r hearing evidence detailing these circumstances, that the jury brought in their verdict, of " Temporary, insanity." But Mr. Clark, knowing all the particulars, abd knowing also that the Rubric forbade the per- formance of any funeral service over the body of a self-murderer, found himself unable conscien- tiously to perform Christiah.rites over her corpse. The body, therefore, "as the Bishop states ijhe fact,' "was decently committed in daylight'.to the churchyard ground, in the presence of one of the churchwardens, but without any religious service.";, . ' , . ,r For this omission, the prelate adds. Mr. Clark has become - liable to the serious penalty of three, months' suspension under the 68th canon. Legally, it seems, he Was bound by the verdict of the jury, and could not . refuse to perform the burial service; simply in consequence of his individual conclusion from facts that had come to ¡his . knowledge. Yet the precept in the Rubric« is sufficiently unambiguous, and tho circum- stances of the case with, which Mr. Clark"had become fully acquainted were such as to leave not the slightest doubt on his mind. The dilemma was, no doubt, moat painfu', and j the Bishop of Chichester, as diocesan, had every right to bring it under the 'notice of the Home Secretary. We cannot, however, agree, with this prelate aa to the course which the Govern- ment ought to-pursue. His only suggestion is that thc whplp proceedings at the inquest shall be investigated, with the inference that the coroner somehow acted culpably in the affair. The verdict having involved the parish clergyman in a difficulty, the bishop can find no better solution than to impute misconduct to the coroner. Now, the verdict was returned by, the jury alone ;, and though it may be alleged that the presiding functionary ought to have examined, more witnesses, and presented evi- dence in a clearer light than, he seemB to ;have done, it would nevertheless be an unwarrant- able stretch of authority to render him personally responsible for the act "of the whole jury. 'Even this step also, would not serve to relieve Mr. Clark from his present liability, the only jus- tifiable deduction from the whole affair is", that the law relating to suicide should undergo an extensive modification, the mere fact that juries refuse to return a straightforward verdict, in accordance with evidence, ; ia 'sufficient proof . that the statutes .which are. thus evaded require a complete and speedy remodelling. ? ' ; A NEW LEAF IN THE HISTORY of ROBSON, THE CRYSTAL PALACE DEFAULTER,-The Weekly Chronicle, in noticing the serious defalcations of Robson, the transfer clerk, says;-The style in which Robson lived, and the appearance which he kept up, ought to have suggested something like inquiry on the part of the directors as to his means. His salary was but £150 a year, and yet every morning he drove up to the palace with a curricle and a pair of horses, which, for beauty and symmetry, could probably not be matched in London, or rode, on one of the prettiest "nags about town," attended by his servant in livery. He had also the famous trotting mare Eliza, which was accustomed to trot easily from the Crystal Palace to London-bridge in twenty minutes, being at the rate of twenty miles an hour, or, as her owner frequently boasted, of beating the railway trains by several minutes. The pair of horses which he was in the habit of driving were sold under the hammer for £520. Never, perhaps, was there such an instance, of self-sacrificing exertion for a great public undertaking as that of a gentleman living in this style consenting to do the daily drudgery of the duties of a clerk for the small consideration of £150 a year. Questions were sometimes asked as to the means he possessed, and satisfactory answers were always given. Among other things, he said that his wife had just succeeded to some property of £500 a year, and that he was making large sums of money from the theatres from the performance of his plays ; for it is not generally known that Robson is the author of several plays. Among the dramatic works which he has written are Love and Loyalty, a piece which had a run over a hundred nights, if we remember rightly, at the Marylebone Theatre. Another of his plays is The Selfish Man. His most ambitious work, however, is Bianca, a play in five acts, which was under rehearsal at Drury lane up to the time of Robson's flight. The play has been in print for the last two or three months, and it bears the following dedication :-" To those who, believing in the realisation of the highest aspira- tions of the human mind, claim for the drama the proud position of being one of the chief means by which that realisation is to be attained, this play is respect- fully dedicated by their very humble and obedient ser- vant, William James Robson." It would have been well had the writer pondered more deeply over one passage in his play, in which he makes the haughty Venetian lady say :- ; What briar next to twine around The goodly flowers of my better self? What demon urges me ? What fiend directs? Why is it so? Why, why so riveted Unto thy fearful throne, Iniquity? Captive led- captive bound-unwilling slave,' I must work on, and fill my destiny! Oh, poor excuse! Oh, paltry argument! Mine inward conscience recoiling shrinks From such false reasoning. To feel I'm wrong, And still persist in wrong, marks me as accursed. With any gossamer I can conceal my face, But where's the veil will hide my conscience from myself? I have no tears, or I would drown my guilt. If drown'd it would rise a palled oorse, and damn My trembling soul with its more fearful ghost." Without the slightest notice or warning Mrs. Rob- son was expelled from her splendid residence at Kil- burn, and driven, from a sick bed, on which she had languished for some time past, under a most painful disease, and arrived almost penniless at Brighton, where she now remains in a most precarious state of health. 