TEE CITY ELECTION. MR MURPHY AT THE MECHANICS' .ARMS Air Murphy met the electors of the Eastern Division at the Mechanics' Arms, Little Collins street, on Satur day evening. A large number of persons wens present, and considerable confidence was manifested as to the result, every man being determined to do his utmost to bring him in. ? Dr. Eades waa called to tho chair ; and introduced Mr Murphy as an old friend, with whom he had been connected for many years, and whose family had occu pied a high position for integrity and honor. He did not wish to cast a slur upon any man, but ho came forward to support Mr Murphy, not because he loved Service less, but Murphy more. Sir Service, if he acted prudently, would remain in his own little king dom, where he woidd be more at home than iu tlTe Victorian Assembly. (Cheers.) The offensive publi fin.f.innst tvliinli linrl 1f».f.i-1v ?i.TMinnwirl u-ni-n 4-1. r\ !«».,,_i.* - of ' the enemy,' and lie entirely exonerated Mr Murphy from any knowledge of or interference in the matter. Mr Murphy- had no opponent, except upon political grounds. (Loud cheers.) Mr MuiiPHY then, came forward and said, he was first in the field and intended to contest the fight fairly and honorably. Aftor a few appropriate remarks, Mr Murphy passed to the leading points of his programme, wliicli lie lucidly and plainly demonstrated. Speaking of the land question/ Mr Murphy considered that this colony even without its annual yield of gold, would be of all countries the most admirably adapted for sup plying its population with every necessary requirement if one grand system of railways wore introduced at once. There would in that case be no necessity for sending to South America for our supplies. He pro fessed himself a Voluntary at heart, but ha believed that in the country districts it would be difficult to sunnort the clercvmen. When the colonv hail innrnllv and intellectually advanced to that point, when every man recognised the principle of giving according to his means, and in accordance with his own high moral sense of the duty to be performed, then and not till then could ho have any confidence in the voluntrry principle. To bring about so desirable a result, he would advocate a sound system of education ; and nothing would gratify him moro than to see a state of things in this country similar to that which had been alluded to by the Mayor of Boston as existing in the State of Massachusetts ; where tho education afforded was of that excellent character which fitted the boys for presidents and the girls for president's wives. (Loud and continued cheering.) . The Arr/tcs.had stated that he had not the ghost of a chance, but the Argus like all other ' great facts' ceases at a particular period to exercise that hold on the public estimation which it did when tho people were inclined to overlook its imperfections. If- the Argus did not look out it would be branded by a future generation as a publica tion far beliind the Age. (Cheers.) He would, irres pective of that great gun, presume to leave his chauco in the hands of a less prejudiced public. It had also been said, ' If you will support tho old Ministry we will put you in,' and viceveisa ; but he would act independently, and do his duty irrespective of any party ; trusting that the time would arrive when the good principles of conilicting parties would be so amal gamated as to produce the greatest amount of public good. (Cheers.) ? Mr S.vyers proposed; and Mr Jones seconded, ' That Mr Murphy wa3 a fit, &e.;' Carried unanimously. Mr Murphy then thanked the electors ; and pro posed a vote of thanks to the chairman, which being duly responded to, the meeting separated. 