6 LOCAL COURT REGULATIONS. The following regulations made by the Local Courts of Castlemaine and Fryer's Creek, and Creswick, have received His Excellency's sanc- tion, and were gazetted on Friday last :— CASTLEMAINE. Regulations made by the- Local Court of the District of Castlemaine: - I. Repeal of former regulations.— As it is ex pedient that the mining rules and regulations of this gold field, passed from time to time by the local court, and assented to by the Governor, should be revised and consolidated, all rules and regulations, therefore, which at any time previous to the date hereof have been passed and assented to shall be. repealed, and the following substituted in lieu of them so soon as the repeal of the former and substitution of the present shall have been as sented to by His Excellency, or the Officer ad ministering the Government. II. Interpretation of the word "claim." — For the purpose of these regulations the word "claim" shall be understood to mean the portion of crown lahdwhich each person or company shall be en titled to occupy, or occupy and mine in, under any documentor lease issued by authority. III.— -Extent of claim.— The extent of claim in new ground to which any miner's right shall en title the holder shall be, for one miner 20 feet x 20 feet ; for two miners, 20 feet x 40 feet ; for three iminers, 40 feet x 30 feet; for four miners, 40 feet x 40.feet; and 20 feet x 20 feet for each additional miner employed ; and in case the depth of sinking shall exceed 35 feet the claim for each miner shall he 30 feet x 30 feet. I V.— Old or abandoned ground. — The extent of claim for each miner on old workings and aban doned ground shall be 40 feet x 40 feet. V. Flooded ground.— On surface flooded ground (which must be reported and proved to be such by the surveyor or some other authorised person, to the satisfaction of the local court), extended claims may be granted by the court on application ta the court. VI. Working or clearing beds of creeks. — Where the working or clearing of beds of creeks or water holes would be no injury to the public, the miner or miners must obtain permission to undertake the same. The portion of such beds of creeks or water holes allowed to each miner will he fifteen vards in length, irrespective of the breadth of such creek or water hole. Such conditions rela tive to such working of such beds of creeks and water holes as the interest of the public may re quire will be imposed, and (if deemed expedient) a sum of money as a deposit . must be paid hy each miner to ensure the due performance of the same. VII. Sluice washing, &c.; — Sluice washing or other water privilege will be allowed only by spe cial sanction, in order that care may be taken to guard against conferring the privileges in places where a perroaneut supply of water ma/ ne injured bvthe operation. "When a partyof miners have re- ceived permission for sluice washing or other privilege, they must obtain a written sanction from the local court. Such privileges will in all cases be subject to the rules of the local court of the district approved by the Governor. . VIII. Applications for extendtd claims. — All applications for extended alluvial claims shall be made, in writing to the clerk of the local court, and prior to such application teing entertained the warden, or other duly authorised person, shall inspect such ground or quartz reef and report thereon to the court. IX. Quartz claims. — The extent of quartz claim for each 'miner on all reefs which shall not be opened, or old ones resumed before the 1st day of September, 1857, shall be 30 feet along the reef with 100 feet on each side of the shaft (east and west), beyond which no greater claim shall be allowed except by amalgamation of claims or leases, except as provided in rule X. Parties of miners holding adjoining quartz claims may com bine for the purpose of expediting their work by the introduction of machinery. The areas of amalgamated claims shall in all cases be propor tionate to the number of men holding miner's rights in such company In no case will amal gamated claims be permitted without a written sanction ftom the local court. X. Extent of quartz claim to be in proportion to men employed. — Where any patty of miners are only sinking or driving in search of gold, only one half the number of men in proportion to the extent of claim shall be required to be working upon it; but immediately upon reaching quartz containing gold the total number of shareholders or laborers (or whom ground is claimed must be employed on tbe ground as aforesaid. XI." Marking off claims. — All leases, quartz, ex tended alluvial and registered claims, shall be marked by posts placed firmly in the ground 3.feet high above the surface, and painted white, with the number of lease or claim, and area occupied, painted on the inner side on the ground so occu pied. All claims held for mining purposes (and not provided for as above), shall be properly marked at the corners by posts or pegs 11/2 feet above the surface, and always kept easily distin guishable. XII. Wall between claims. — In all cases a wall shall be left between the claims of different parries of miners, viz., between quartz claims a wall of three feet, and between alluvial claims a wall of two feet, such, wall not to be worked without the consent in writing of both parties, and all parties shall keep their banks and walls properly tim bered to the satisfaction of the warden or other visiting inspector of mining operations. Should any miner or miners, in marking off a claim, neglect to leave a proper space for the wall, it shall be competent for the warden to deduct such space for wall from the claim last marked off, and should any miner mark off more than tbe proper width for such wall, the Warden may curtail such/xcess and assign it as he may deem advisable, or he may order the boundary posts to be removed to their proper re lative position. XIII. Registration of Claims. — Any party who shall have expended considerable labour on an alluvial or quartz claim, and may be unable to obtain the reward of their labour through flooding or- other uncontrollable circumstances, shall be allowed to register such claims as unworkable ; but the allowing of such registration shall be at the discretion of the Local Court. XIV. Prospecting.— For the encouragement of prospecting, persons discovering any new gold working, may have allotted to them, by special sanction of tlie local court, an extent of ground equal to double of treble theordihary area of min ing claims, provided the discovery be made public without unnecessary delay. XV. Auriferous ore to be stacked. — Any per son wishing to retain possession of quartz or other substance containing gold, the product of a claim, shall properly stack such quartz or other substance on ground not supposed to be work able, and erect close to such stack a post, with name, address, and date of stacking legibly painted thereon. No person shall remove, deface or da- mage any post so erected, quartz, stone or other substance, stacked in accordance with this regula tion; and.it shall be competent for the warden of the district to declare relinquished, after twelve months in quartz claims, and six months in allu vial claims, any quartz or other substance not so stacked, and taken front a claim then abandoned. XVI. Leases.— Leases for mining auriferous lands may be approved for periods not exceeding twelve months ; such- leases will be renewable provided the regulations of the local court be complied with (the same being certified by the Surveyor and two members of the court), but in every case subject to the recommendation of the court. All leaseholders shall register their names with the clerk of the court, and all transfers of shares in such leases shall be registered the same as original leaseholders. AIl petitioners against such leases shall insert their names, surnames, present residence, and trade or pursuit, or such petition will not be entertained by the court. The number of miners on leased ground shall be in the following, proportion:-- . \- For 1/4 of an acre, 3 ; 1/2 ditto, 5 ; 3/4 ditto, 8 ; 1 acre, 10. '' XVII. Claims on which machinery is employed. \- To encourage the introduction of steam power and machinery in general the court will grant areas of claims of such extent as shall be consi dered applicable to the locality applied for, and miners and machinery employed. Immediately below such grant shall be left a rea not less than that occupied by such engine party for the benefit of ordinary miners, through the length of which shall the engine party be required to make a watercourse to carry off their waste water, that it may not injure the ordinary miner. XVIII. Employment of labourers.- Any storekeeper, merchant or other person desirous of holding quartz or other claim, without working personally on such claim, may do so by placing labourers upon the said ground proportionate to the extent of claim. XIX. Erection of machinery. — Applicants for, leases, or parties requiring ground whereon to erect machinery, shall make a written application to the clerk of the local court. Notice of such application to be posted on the ground applied for and on the court house for eight days previous to the day of granting. If no sufficient objections to such permission shall have been made in writing, the court may allow the exclusive possession (ex cept as against the Crown only) by the occupant of such ground. XX. Management of quartz crushing machinesy. — All machinists crushing quartz for the public shall keep oil the premises a correct weighing ma chine, and shall weigh the quartz by avoirdupois weight, viz., one hundred and twelve pounds to the hundred weight. The premises connected with all such crushing machines shall be enclosed and the quartz (if circumstances compel it to be detained on the premises overnight) shall be depo- sited under a covered shed, and accommodation af forded for a watchman when required by the owner of the quartz. XXI. Water privileges. — Any person or per sons desirous of making and holding any water- hole, race or dam to contain water, shall make application to the local court, and post a notice of such application on the site applied for for one week previous to the day of granting; when, if it can be satisfactorily proved that no injury will result to the public by conferring such privilege, a written authority may be given to such appli cant. All such reservoirs (where practicable) to be constructed on the side of the gully or flat, and excavated to the bed rock. XXII. Puddling machines, sludge, etc. — No machine for puddling auriferous earth by horse or steam power shall be erected in any - place where any number of miners may be obtaining their livelihood by sinking, nor shall any such machine be placed on workable ground supposed to contain gold in a payable quantity, nor in any place where the sludge from such machine shall be injurious to other mining operations or the rupply of water. All parties discharging sludge or water from any engine, mill, machine or other apparatus shall make a good and proper drain to join and fall into the main channel or drain of the gully or fiat in which such machine is situated. Should their exist no main channel for the effectual carrying off of sludge or superfluous water, the warden shall direct the owners of such machines to make a general drain, and shall pre scribe the course and position, depth and inclina tion, removal of obstructions, the allotment of work among the different owners, or such other directions as he may deem advisable. In no case shall such water or sludge be allowed torunupon or across any public road or footpath in common use, or on workable ground, to the detriment of other miners. The surveyor shall in all cases re port to the court respecting the same before such puddling machine shall be permitted to be erected. XXIII. Written agreements. — Ail persons en gaged in or entering into any partnership or com pany for mining purposes shall draw up and have properly attested a written agreement, specifying the intent, terms, and property of such company or partnership ; such agreement to be produced when required, otherwise their causes ot dispute will not be heard by the court. XXIV. Water holes for domestic purposes. — Any person wishing to preserve a water hole for domestic purposes must make application to the warden, and if deemed by him expedient, an au thority in writing will be given to set apart the same, when the applicant must erect an upright pole over the hole, crossed by two bars of wood, thus J ; and any person maliciously destroying or injuring the same shall, upon conviction, for every such offence be adjudged to pay a fine not exceed ing 20s. XXV. Mining in tents or buildings.— Any per son mining within his private tent or building on the waste lands of the crown shall, on conviction, before any justice of the peace, be adjudged to pay a penalty under the 23rd section of the Act 18 Victoria, No 37. XXVi. Business area. — Each business license shall entitle the holder to occupy an allotment of ground having a frontage of 60 feet, irrespective of depth, provided such ground be not required for mining put poses. XXVII. Construction and management of races or water channels.— In all eases where races or water channels are required for draining the ground and carrying off surplus water and sludge, such races and channels may be constructed through any unoccupied ground, and shall be re served, and protected for their proper purposes. All such races or channels shall become common or main races or channels, provided that all parties wishing to run a head or side race into or other wise in such main races, shall contribute a pro- portion of labour or cash towards constructing and repairing the same, and shall, when required, clean out, and otherwise keep in order or repair, such main races, in proportion to the number of men the use made of and the benefits derived from such races. A wall of 6 feet in width snail be left on each side of all such races or water channels, except on application to the local court an in crease in width be granted, on which no party shall be allowed to dig during the continuance of any lease, grant or privilege held by the party or parties who may have constructed the same. XXVIII. Machinery.— All machinery erected on Crown lands for mining purposes left for the space of three months without being registered, on complaint being made to this court, the court shall direct the removal of such machinery, and all at tendant costs shall be levied on the same. No registration of such machinery shall be in force for longer than one month at a time. XXIX. Windlasses, &c.;, deserted.— All wind lasses, slabs or timber left on any claim one month after such claim is abandoned, shall be held as forfeited, and may be appropriated by any parties requiring the same. XXX. Fraudulent grants.— On a claim being: marked out, the party so doing must within 48 hours commence to work the same, unless he or they shall have obtained a written consent, to be signed by the chairman of this court, to hold the claim unworked for a longer period, and shall con tinue to perform every lawful day a reasonable amount of work according to the number of miners in the claim, as required by the rules of this court. Should it afterwards be proved to the satisfaction of this court that the party or parties applying for such consent obtained the same by any false representation, such party or parties shall be liable to a fine of not less than 101. XXXI. Shepherding, &c.;, &c.;— In no case shall the posting of any unauthorised notice on, the leaving of any windless, tools or other articles in or upon any claim in this district, be recog- nised as conferring upon the poster or posters of such notice, or the owner or owners of such wind lass, tools or other articles, any right whatever to such claim. XXXII. Notices.— All notices having reference to any lease or claim which shall be posted there- on, to be of any effect must bear the signature of the chairman of the local court or any two mem bers of the said court. XXXIII. Removing notices, &c.;— No person shall on any pretence whatever remove or destroy any peg or post erected to mark the boundary of any claim, except by order of the warden, neither shall any person deface or remove any authorised notice which may be fixed on any claim. XXXIV. Tents — All miners' tents erected on Crown lands shall be at least 20 feet apart from each other. XXXV. Renewal of leases. — All persons ap plying for a renewal of any lease shall give no tice in writing to the local court one week previous to the expiration of their lease, and should any alteration be required in the said lease the same shall be surveyed and a plan produced previous to granting any renewal. XXXVI. Deposit of refuse soil. — All lease holders shall be allowed to deposit the excava-, tions from their first paddock on the waste lands of the Crown, provided always that no miner be at the time working on the said ground where such deposits are placed. Motives of Suicide.— Life and Literature'.— In. the year 1851 there were 3,598 suicides recorded in France, to each of which the presumed motive was affixed. Out of these no less than 800 are set down to mental alienation; and to that 'number we should add 70 cases of Monomania, 39 of cere bral fever, and 54 of idiocy— all ranking under general head of uncontrollableness— which will make a total of 963, or more than a fourth of the whole cases. If we now examine the remaining cases we find "domestic quarrels' next in amount being no less than 385. Next in importance to domestic quarrels is the desire to escape from phy sical suffering ; these amount to 313. Debt and einbarrasment rank next— 203. Want, and fear of want, 178. Disgust at life, which may properly be called low spirits— stands high — 166 ; shame and remorse, very low, only 7. Thwarted love shows only 91 , and jealousy, 23. Losses at play 6\. Loss of employment, 25. In literature it is always passion, and passion of vehement of sud den afflux, which determines suicide : the agonies of despair and jealousy, the arrowy pangs of re morse, or the dread apprehension of shame, are the only motives which the dramatist or novelist ever conceives. To lose a mistress, and with that to throw away life— to hurry into eternity as an escape from haunting remorse, or coming shame— these seem adequate motives for fiction. In life, the loss of a mistress is borne with greater equa nimity ; and the remembrance of crimes, or the dread of shame, seems to exercise but a very small suicidal influence. It is stated that the East Indian Company have ap- proved of the plans of the Eastern Bengal Railway Company, and that a guarantee of 5 per cent has been granted on their capital of £1,000,000 in the same man ner as to the other lines. Extraordinary Phenomenon.— The following letter, from the honourable Charles Agustus Murray, her Majesty's Envoy to Persia, has been handed to us for publication by Sir Charles Lyell : — " Bagdad, May 23, 1857. — My dear Sir Cliarles— We have lately witnes sed here a phenomenon so strange that a brief description of it may not be uninteresting to you. On the 20th instant, a few minutes be fore six p.m., (which is here about an hour before sunset), I was sittin with my Mirza, reading some Persian letters, when on a sud den I became sensible of an unusual obscura tion of the light upon the paper; I jumped up and, going to the window, saw a huge black cloud approaching from the north-west, exac tly as if a pail were being drawn over the face of the heavens. It must have travelled with considerable rapidity, for in less than three minutes we were enveloped in total darkness — a darkness more intense than an ordinary midnight when neither stars nor moon are visible. Groping my way amid chairs and tables, I succeeded in striking a light, and then, feeling assured that a simoon of some kind was coming on, I called to my servants to come up and shut the windows which were all open, the weather having been previously very sultry. While they were doing so the wind increased, and bore with it such a dense vol ume of dust or sand that before they could succeed in closing the windows the room was entirely filled, so that the tables and furniture were speedily covered. Meanwhile a panic seixed the whole city; the Armenians and other Christian sects rushed through the gloom to confess and pray in the churches ; women shrieked and beat their breasts in the; streets ; and the men of fall classes prostrated themselves in prayer, beleiving that the. end of the world had arrived. After a short time the black darkness was succeeded by a red lurid gleam such as I never saw in any part of the world, and which I can only liken in imagination to the effect that might be produced if all Lon don were in a conflagration in a heavy Novem ber fog ; to me it was more strikin (I may almost say fearful) than the previous utter darknesss, and reminded me of that darkness visible' in which the poetic genius of Milton placed the demons and horid, shapes of the infernal regions. This lurid fog was doubt less occasioned by the rays of the western sun shining obliquely on the dense mass of red sand or dust which had been raised from some distant desert and was borne along upon the blast. The Arabs here think that it came from Nejd. The storm seems to have travel- led in a circular direction, having appeared first from tne south, then south- west, then west, then north-west. After about two hours it had so far passed away that we were able to open the windows again and breathe the outer air. It cannot have been a simoon, for dnring' those which I have experienced in Arabia and Egypt the wind is hot and stifling. On the 20th the wind was high, but only oppressive from the dense mass of dust, that it carried with it." Witchcraft.— Ritty Rittlewood, the dupe of Isaac Rushworth, the Leeds wizard, who was tried at York, a few days ago, and sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment on a charge of fraudulently obtaining money from the poor girl, whom he had also seduced, was on Mon day taken to the Wakefield Asylum in a state of insanity. It appears that Rushworth, after his committal for trial, contrived to convey to the unfortunate girl certain threats that she would suffer if any harm came to him ; that he would cause her to be haunted by devils ; and that if he should die in prison, his ghost should never leave her by day or night. The morbid impression thus excited in the girl's mind was confirmed by her seeing one of the jurymen on Rushworth's trial twice faint in the box during the investigation. On Saturday last she became extremely violent, and had to be restrained by main force., On arriving .at, Wakefield she presented a sad spectacle, large pieces of flesh having been dug out of her face and neck with her finger nails. The O'Connel Testimonial. -The inaugura tion of the O'Connel statue was to take place in Limerick, on Saturday the 15th Au- gust. Mr. Powell has been chosen chairman for the occasion of the . inauguration. The trades are indefatigable. The committee is labouring with all its zeal. Subscriptions con- tinue to pour in. It is - expected that the County Limerick Militia will be one of the bands. The temperance societies are also pre- paring in great style. Messrs'. N. Russell and Sons, in reply to a deputation have cheerfully granted a free passage of the Wellesley Bridge. The railway, companies, we are cer tain, will act in accordance with, tlhe popular wishes. Letters have been received from the secretaries of the Great Southern and Western and the Waterford and Limerick Railway Companies. Triumphal arches are to be erected— one at the memorable Treaty Stone, one at the cross of Athlunkard-street, one at the celebrated Black Battery, where Sarsfield thundered against De Ginkle, and another - at the statue at the crescent. 