MISCELLANEOUS NEWS . Words axd Thoughts. — Wo beg leave to sub mit, for the edification of all whose vocation it is to speak or write for the public benefit, tho fol lowing suggestive passage from an old number of the Knickerbocker : — ' lledundancy of language is never found with deep reflection. Verbiage may indicate observation, but not thinking.^ He who thinks much, says but little in proportion^ to his thoughts. He selects that language which will convey his ideas in the most explicit and direct manner. He tries to compress as much thought as possible into a few words. On the con [ trary, the man who talks everlastingly and pro miscuously, who seems to have an exhaustless magazine or sound, crowds so many words into his thoughts that he always obscures, and very frequently conceals them. Some time ago it was said by Cottar, ' An era is fast approaching when no writer will be read by the majority, save and except those who can effect that for balps of manuscript that the hydrostatic screw performs for bales of cotton, by condensing that matter into a period that before occupied a page.' ' The Motii axd the Candle. — There he stood, though all the guests had departed ! The candles ; burned brightly, and the plates and dishes, and j silver ornaments on the table, smiled to see him there. And the trifle said to tho tipsy cake, ' What can he be idling away his time in that way for V The tipsy cake said, ' I'b sure I dunno — brabs esdrunk.' And the champagne bottles held themselves very upright, and the decanters said never a word, for they had stoppers in their mouths. But the ices said, ' It's very cool of him to stand like that when we arq all waiting for him to go.' For they intended to have a soiree when everybody had left. But the young man did not hear them. He was thinking of the cruelty of her he loved. Long had he worshipped her at a distance, for she was rich and noble, while he was but a poor poet that wrote in her praise ; and sometimes she had deigned : to smile kindly and speak sweetly to him. That night he had met her — had told her his love, and had met with scorn and slighting. There lie stood, watching the door through which she had gone. He heard not the voices of the last departing guests. Pre sently he turned his eyes to tho tall candle that stood proudly in the centre of the table. Oh ! that candle was proud ; it had a gold fringe, and it stood in a silver candlestick, and it said, ' J. am not tallow, not grease, not a part of over fed animals. No ; not even a composition candle — not of a mixed, degenerate race. I am a flower !' It forgot that since it had formed part of a flower? the bees had changed its nature, and men had altered its appearance. So it stood up and thought it was a rose ; and the prouder it grew, the fiister it burnt. But while tho poet was watching ? it, a little plain brown moth came fly ing out of the conservatory which opened into the room, and circled about the table. It stopped to admire a silver spoon, but the candle was jealous — ' What ! shall that insignificant little brown thing admire that spoon more than me V So it burnt brighter. Tho little moth flew to wards it ; it circled about it, and fanned the flame with its wings. The caudle said never a word, but it burnt brighter still. And the little moth flew into the flame, 'I never gave you any encouragement,' said the candlo,as the little moth fell scorched and dying on the table; ' Such is my fate !' murmured tho young man, as he rushed from the room. But the plates, and forks, and glasses did not laugh now; There was no festi vity in the supper room among them that night. And the candle burnt down into its socket. — Pen and Pencil. By Thomas Hood. The Spectre Fire Ship. — Many, many years ago a ship called tho Palatine sailed from Holland, with a large number of Dutch passengers, bound to a new home in North America. Soon after leaving port, it became generally known that many of tho passengers were wealthy, and had a large amount of gold and silver in their possession. Throo weeks elapsed, when the captain and his crow con ceived tlio idea ef enriching themselves by plundeiing and murdering the inoffensive and unsuspicious persons in their power. They first reported their provisions spoiit, but ma naged to sell hard biscuits for a guinea each. This process was at length suspended, and then disease aud famine had full sway. The winds were favorable, all were not yet dead, ; and lo ! the' ship was floating off Block Island. The few passengers who still survived might still live to tell their tale of woe, and so the ; ship must be destroyed, with all Iter living freight. The captain and his crow piled their ' ill-gotten wealth in their two yawls, and : having scuttled nnd set fire - to the ship, they : embarked for the neighboring island, where ' they landed, just as the great mass of fliiine 1 sank hissing into, tho deep. Tho pirates told I the islanders a plausible story, and for many months they lived in a house which is still pointed out to tho curious stranger — but is a mere ruin. The pirates quarrelled, separated, , and left for parts unknown. For many years . thereafter, the house was deserted by all per- ? sons of flesh and blood, but thickly peopled ? with ghosts — with pale women in white, old .] men reduced to skeletons, and chil Jren with | bloody faces, and whenever they made their ? appcarancc at tho witching time of night, there - were heard the most frightful cries of anguish. ' In process of time, however, the spectres all ; disappeared ; but of' late years, whenever a great storm is about to lash the ocean into fury, tho Fire Ship is distinctly seen in tho ofling; her hull a mass of cinders, and her sails, sheets of pure flame. Many old men . have looked upon this phantom many times, and some of them allege that they havo seen the sufferers- imploring heaven _for succor, anil heard their shrieks of despair. — -Lanman's Adventures United States. Lady. — Woman. — We aro happy to add such authority as Col. Benton's to ilie protest which wo have often made of the. abuse of the word lady, to the neglect of those nobler words, woman and wife. Indeed, he goes farther than wo do, and eschews altogether a word which in its proper place is one of the best in the lan guage, and which becomes olfensivo only in its misapplication. In a letter to tho editors of the National Intelligencer, correcting the report of his speech at the New England dinner, Mr Benton says : — ' There is also an error of com- : mission in attributing to mo tho pliraso lady when, turning to the fair and graceful mothers and daughters who sat behind us, I gave the Bible opinion of their blessing to their fathers, exemplified in the case of Job's daughters — fair women, none fairer in all the land — and the only part of all God's compensation to him, for his faith and patience under all his miseries, of which any description was given, thereby showing that these daughters were, the main' part of- the blessing, they alono outweighing the seven sons. I did not say ladies. That word is not in any Greek or Roman book; and, if I must givo food for a paragraph on ' ego tism' in some newspaper in which the editor may not yet have acquired the right to print tho pronoun ' ego ' before any act of his own, I will add, that phrase is not in the 'Thirty Years' View' in any part of tho author's own writing. He took a dislike \o it in reading of the ' ladies ' of the Court of the English Charles the Second, so well classified and qualified by the sly old Pepys in his Oiary, when he says the King and the Court ladios were there, and Madame Bennett and her ladies were there. Since then I eschew the word, and, like the answer of the Scotch gardener to the dame, who, to enforce some preposterous order, told him she was the Bishop's lady, to whom the garden belonged : ' Madame, I do not care if you were his wife.' To bo serious, the phrase has been and is so applied in our America as to have lost the sense in which it was used in the country from which we take it — madame—- : first only applicable to the eldest daughter of ; the King in Franco, and afterwards transferred to'! the dames of ' the Court.' Col. Benton is : quite mistaken in saying the word lady is not 1 in tho Bible. It occurs several times,' cer- 1 tainly, in the sacred volume.— Boston Paper. . WiiirPF.D to Life. — A singular ease occurred at Little Falls, where it man nan.ed ,'lliomay Staneiy was whipped to life after attemptinp to commit suicide bj' taking poison, which had a'ready rendered him torpid. A physician was ' called, who decided that the only means of restoring animation was to give the subject 11 severe beating, which was done by two men with heavy switches for a quarter of an hour, when signs of returning animation were shown, and the patient sat up. A glass of braudy was then given him, when ho fell n-alcep, and tho beating process was resumed until he was fully restored to consciousness. He is now comparatively well, except some sull'jring fron tho bruises received from the extraordinary ' course of sprouts '' to which he was sub jected. — Newark Advertiser. Witty Excuse.— The poet Waller dedicated a splendid production to Oliver Cromwell, hail ing his accession to power as a glorious event. I Presently Charles the Second camo to the throne of his ancestors, and Waller produced another panegyric for tho honor and glory of the King. The witty monarch read it, and turning to Waller, observed, ' The poem you -wrote on Cromwell was superior.' The reply was unequalled. 'I own it, your Majesty,' said Waller, ' but poets write better on fiction than truth.' PnoToonAPUic Counterfeiting. — Bank bilh and cheques aro extensively counterfeited bj photography. To such a state of perfection has this process in tho art advanced, that in struments of this nature have been success fully circulated both in France and America, and actually paid over the bank counters with out being immediately detected, When well oxecuted these counterfeits are very dangerous. The New York Times says : — ' The sure method of detecting a photograph is to touch it with a solution composed of sixty grains of cyanide potassium, in an ounce of pure water. This solution is poison. It will remove the photo graphic impression almost instantaneously, bus it will not touch the carbon ink of tho bank note plate printer. It can be put up by any apothecary for eiglitcen-pence, and every cashier will find it very useful in these days of photographic counterfeits.' IIow Doctor Paub Looked and Talked. — Considerations such as these, and the doctor's un deniable reputation ^granted even by his most admiring biographers) as a sanguinary flagillator throughout his long career of pedagogue, had pre pared us — nay, entitled us — to expect in Dr Parr a huge carcass of man, fourteen stono at least. Even his style, pursy and bloated, and his sesqui pedalion words all warranted the same conclusion. Heuco, then, our surprise, and the perplexity we have recorded, when the door opened, and a little man, in a buzz wig, cut his way through the com pany, and mado for a fauteiui standing opposite to the fire. Into this ho lunged, and then forth with, without preface or apology, began to open his talk upon us. Here aroso a new marvel and a greater.- If we had been scandalized at Dr. Parr's -want of thews and bulk, conditions so in dispensable for enacting the part of Sam Johnson, much more and with better reason, were we now petrified with his voice, utterance, gestures, and demeanor. Conceive, reader, by way of counterpoise to the finer enunciation of Dr. Johnson — an infantine lisp — the worst we over heard — from tho lips of a man above sixty, and accompanied with all sorts of ridiculous grimaces and little stoge gesticulations. Ashe sat in his chair, turning alternately to tho right and to the left, that he might dispense his edifications in equal proportions amongst us, he seemed the very image of a little French gossiping abbe. Yet all that we have mentioned, was, and seemed to . be, a trifle by comparison with the infinite petti ness of his master. Nothing did he utter but little shreds of calumnious tattle — the most in effably silly and frivolous of all that was then circulated in the Whig salons of London, against the Regent. He began precisely, iu theso words : — ' Oh ! I shall tell you ' (laying a stress upon the word shall, which still further aided the re semblance to a Frenchman) ' a sto-he' (lisping for a story) ' about the Pince Thegent' (such was his nearest approximation to Prince Regent). ' Oh, the Pince Thegent — the Pince Thegent ! — what a sad, sad man he has turned out ! But you shall hear. Oh ! what a Pince ! what a Thegent ! — what a sad Pince Thegent !' And so the old babbler went on, sometimes wringing his little hands in lamentation, sometimes flourishing them with French grimaces and shrugs of shoul ders, sometimes expanding and contracting his lingers like a fan. After an hour's twaddle of the ! lowest and most scandalous description, suddenly ho rose and hopped out of the room, exclaiming all the way, ' Oh ! what a Pince ; oh, what a The gent ; — did anybody ever hear of such a sadPince —such a sad Thegent— such a sad Pince Thegent ! Oh, what a Pince,' ifcc. — Be Quijicefs Essays. Cremation. — The subject of burning the dead still occupies the public attention. George Sand md Lamartine have given in their adhesion to the project. Madame Sand expresses her opinion very strongly in favor of it ; she wishes to bo 1 burnt— all her opinions' are respectable ; let her be burnt therefore. As. for other defuncts, j it - would be well at least to have their opinion before proceeding to change tho present state of things. For myself, to rot in one common earth, or toibe burnt into ashes and sealed in an urn decorated with a label announcing my name, place of birth, qualities, &c.;, thise two alternatives seem to me equally devoid of charm, and plunge me into me lancholy. For the present I bequeath the subject to my heirs. But another plan is proposed for disposing of the dead— a . plan which is cleaner, more elegant, and more chemical. By means of a hideous paraphernalia of crucibles, alembics, exhausters, and poisons, the body is susceptible of being reduced to an infinitely small solid sub stance, of whith a ring may be made in variegated colors to wear around the finger. The disconso late wife or husband can thus preserve the souve nir of a dear departed partner to tho end of their lives : and if the burden of their grief should push them to a desire to join the lost one, thoy would have but to crush the ring and swallow its pieces in order to accomplish a liasty and sure suicide. This mourning by chemistry,' this petrifaction by death, has something so fantastic about it, that one c.mnot avoid a certain titillatiou of curiosity in talking of it. It would be a conservation of relics by compression. A widow might have her husband mounted in the frame of a brace let, which would recall to her mind the hymeneal chain. A husband might mount his wife in % pin, which would be piquant. For the academi cians, an appropriate human conservation would be a garniture of coat buttons. There is still another process, which I only mention for the benefit of future historians. An eccentrio French man, who filled a few years ago, the functions of a dragoman at one of the largo cities of the Orient, conceived the ferocious idea of making of the venerated skin of his wife an article of wear ? ing apparel, which I should name in Latin if I knew what the Romans called breeches. But the process is savage. . This species of sentimental tannery would have tho air of ironical re prisals. . , 'Louder !' — A man lately went to the Post ofBce, and putting his mouth up to the delivery box, cried out 'Louder!' The clerk, supiposing the man to be deaf, and that ' he was making a request of him to speak louder so that he could hear, asked him in a very loud tone the name of ? the person for whom .ho wanted the letter. 'Louder!' cried the man. 'What name?' i yelled the clerk. ' Louder !' again bawled the ' man, who now supposed the clcrk to be deaf, j The clerk took a long breath, and with all his , might again bawled out in the man's face the , same question, ' What' name ?' This was done ? in so loud a tone that the echo seemed to return from the far-off hills. ? The man started back in 1 alarm, shouted to the very top of his big lungs 'Louder, sir, Louder ! I told Louder. My name is nothing else !' ' Oh, ah ! ' oh, ah !' said the clerk, ' your name is Louder, eh ! Didn't think of that : here's your letter, Mr Louder ! here's your letter. — Washington Star.' ' Mustc i.y ISjG. — Wo aro not sorry to 'ring I out' the year 1856. — so for as keeping count of its music is concerned. I11 no former twelvemonth has it been more clearly made manifest that tho English are hungering and thirsting for the art, but seldom have the old dishes set before those who long for food been so sparingly interspersed with anything new belonging to time past or time present. Herr Reinthaler's ' Jephtha,'— ? -M. Gounod's Symphony, — Dr. Schumann's 'Para- dise,' — ' La Traviata,' — the cantatas by Messrs. Macfarren aud Ilatton, and an overture by Mr. C, Ilorsley, — these have been our principal novel ties of the year. Nothing of any value has been produced in France or Germany that we have beeu able to hear of ; in Italy, not even a new opera by Signor Verdi. From no land havo we the echo of a new singer deserving the name of great, or the coming shadow of an original instrumentalist. Such is, ?in brief, the retrospect. The deficit it presents is balanced by such increase in our English au diences when anything having special worth has been presented as tells a tale of change and pro mise. Barren in some respects as the timo ap pears, it may be, so far as England is intercstod, seed-time, to be followed by a plenteous harvest. That the honor and pleasure of being an artist are somewhat better understood amongst us than they were a few years since we would gladly hope. Till such understanding' is increased, let technical cultivation make what progress it may, let the utmost amount of money be amassed, and of plbiitiful entertainment enjoyed — no pages will be added to the World's Golden Book of Poetry, our best men will remain in the state of seekers wasting their energies, and stopping short of tho point where anything is found, of mechanics more eager for great wages, instead of honorable men determined to complete some true and honorable thing. — Athenaeum. Ctraious Existence of Aiisexio.- — The recen? cases of Palmer and Dove have given an impetus to toxicological researches, not only in England, but abroad. Professor Otto, Brunswick, a che mist, who for many years past has made the sub ject of poisons his especial study, contributes in a recent number of a German philosophical journal : some new and curious particulars, not only in re lation to strychnia, but to poisons generally. He has made a discovery in relation to the poison arsenic which is very interesting. Orfila at one time thought he had satisfactorily proved that arsenic was a normal constituent of the bones of man — an opinion which, if confirmed, would have gone far to render inoperative chemical testimony in relation to. the unfair or criminal presence of that body. Orfila subsequently altered that opinion, but recent chemical investigators have demonstrated tho presence of arsenic in sources where it would have beeu little suspected. Amongst others, that metal has been proved to exist invariably in the ochreous deposits which certain varieties of natural water throw down. Cognizant of this fact, Professor Otto thought of examining for arsenic the crust which had formed on the inside of his teakettle, and had not tho slightest difficulty, by tho application of Marsh's test, in demonstrating the presence of arsenic. The water 'used in ? London deposits a largo amount of crust on the inside of teakettles. That crust holds a variable portion of oxide of iron, and, probably, if subjected to chemical tests ' will be found to contain arsenic. — Globe. The Stuffkd Skin of a Royal Captive. — Valerian, Emperor of Rome, was taken prisoner, and afterwards kept in chains,- by Sapor, King of Persia. He was either killed in a tumult, or by order of his conqueror, fearful, perhaps, of losing his valuable living trophy, in tho year 269. The body of the dead Roman Emperor was treated with no more delicacy than when it had taber nacled the immortal spark of a living one. It was skinned. The - hide, after being tanned, was stuffed, painted red, and 'suspended on the chief temple of the ' capital., ?' Here it remained for many years. It was the popular spectacle for holiday- makers and visitors from tho country. But it was put to more important ends than this ; it was made a diplomatic engine, of much signi ficance and efficiency. Iu after-times it often happened that the Roman envoys at the Persian court had misunderstandings, more or less serious, with the Government to which the}' were tem porarily accredited. When theso ambassadors from Rome grew arrogant in their demands, it was tho custom to conduct them into the pre sence of tho stuffed skin of the old ex-Emperor of Rome, where they were asked if humility did not become them at sight of such a spectacle. — Monarchs Retired from liusiness. By Dr. Doran. MiDNiGnr.— - Huferlaiul, in his treatise on sleep, has somis curious, as we'l as forcible, ideas 011 the necessity of devoting midnight to rest aud sleep. Ho considers tluit't'ie period of twenty- four hours, which is produced by the regular revolution of tho earth on its axis, marks its influence most definitely on the physical economy of man. Diseases show this regular influence in their daily rise and Ml. Settled regular fever exhibits a twenty-four hours' flux and reflux. In the healthful state, there is manifest tho same regular influence, and the more habitual our meals, our hours of exer cise or employment, and our hours of sleep, tho more power is there in the system to resist dis ease. In the. morning the pulse is slow, and the nerves calmer, and ' the body more fitted for ' labor. . As wo advanco towards tho evening of the day,1 the pulse bccomes accelerated, and an almost feverish state is produced -wliich, in excitable- persons, becomes an absolute evening fever. Rest carries off this fever by its sleep, and the refreshing opening of its pores which sleep produces. In this nightly respiration, there is an absolute crisis of tliis evening fever, and this periodical crisis is necessary to every one, for it carries off whatever useless or pernicious particles our bodies may have imbibed. This evening fever. Huferland thinks, is not entirely owing to the accession of new chyle to the sys tem, but to the departure of the sun and of tho light. The crisis of this fever, to be most effec tive by its regularity, ought to take place at midnight, when the suu is in the nadir, and then the body becomes, refreshed for the early morning labor. Those who neglect this period, either push tliis diurnal crisis into the morning, and thus undermine the importance of its regu larity, or lose it entirely, and arise to their labors unrefreshod by sleep. Their bodies have not been purified by the nightly crisis, and the seeds of disease will thus have been planted. Nervous people are peculiarly subject to tho influence of this evening, fever, and think they cannot labor without its excitement. Ilonca their mental efforts aro performed in tho night alone ; the important time for the crisis of their nervous excitement passes over in -wakefulness, and no refreshing perspiration cleanses the body or strengthens the nerves. Such people will wear out soon unless they change tneir habits and seek rest when nature and the human con stitution dictate. These considerations ought to be deeply studied and regarded by all who are in tho ruinous _ habit of turning night into dw, and of changing the functions of each; A failure of health will soon manifest the truth of these remarks. . A Novel Exhibition, — We have been much grati fied by inspecting Madame Lee's collection of wax* work figures, now on view in a large .nnd weU lighted apartment in that part of Boui'ke-etreet east, opposito the Corn Market, and haying the special designation of ' Lincoln Buildings.' The collection consists of upwards of sixty well executed arid tastefully attired waxen figures of all manner of celebrities, — historical, regal, reverend, literary, and otherwise remarkable. Tliuy are the handiwork of Signor Bianchi, an Italian artist, resident in London, and have been imported hence by Madame Lee at nn expense of upwards of £500. At present the exhibition is only open in the evenings ; but it is the intention of the proprietress, as soon as arrangements can bp. completed, to have a d»y exhibition likewise; ' The room is woll lighted with gas, and forms an agreeable lounge. We trust that this deserving lady may meet with such a mea sure of support froCn the public ns shall enable her, not only to reimburse herself, for tho large outlay, but to make it a paying speculation. - JoHATiiAN ix England. — the Durham. University have just had built an eight-oared boat which is so ex actly poised that tho rowers are obliged to be particular in parting, their hair down the middle to keep thei* balanea ? 