MMIMON CONKHRKNCn IN T.ONDOX. This interesting sect held its sixth annual con ference nt the Adelaide Gallery, Strsnd, on Sun dny, under the presidency of Apostle Orson Pratt and Ezra Benson. About fiOO persons were pic sent in the morning, about 10(10 in the afternoon, and upwards of that number in ' the evening. Most of these persons looked like Lat ten/ay Saints. The proceedings were conduced in an orderly manner, and consisted chiefly of addresses. Brother Pratt described in forcible language the scriptural claims of Mormonism. Delegates were present from different parts of the country. From the statement of Pastor Ros*. the repre sentative of London, it oppeared that £I,2G0 had been subscribed during the past year for emigra tion and other purposes. The exertions of the priesthood in the good work had been universally received and accepted. Preaching in the streets, lanes, and other places, had been revived, and where there had been opposition great wisdom had been evidenced. The President of the Kent Conference said tliey had had very pleasant times. lie looked upon the saints there, who numbered 550, ns a ' first class lot of people, as they supported thirteen elders, and also paid their tithing,' nnd approved all the elders proposed. Tliey had also to bear their share of opposition, but they had felt the better for it. The President from Essex said he had re baplized in his district 241 out of .374. The people were first mtc in the work, and willing to pay their tithes and offerings ; the Lord had been with them this vear more than ever. The President from Reading was happy to ho present, surrounded as he was by the saints and servants of the Great God. In his district (a poor agricultural one), out of 300 or 400 saints, there were 150 who were good for nothing. Of the remaining 250, the greater portion lived or rather vegetated on parish allowance. They had subscribed £50 during the past year to the emi gration fund, and a large number of them would emigrate during the coming season. A pastor trom Southampton and Dorsetshire complained of the want of honesty 'on the part of the learned editors.' Not long since the papers teemed with accounts of the vicious character of their elders — of their doing everything unbecoming a man, much less a saint, circulated by Judge Drummond. It had b;'en proved hy the American papers that Judge Drum mond had invented his stories to injure the Latter day Saints, and to bring them into collision with the United States government. Tho Sheffield delegate (a gentleman from Utah) said the saints in his district were not rich, ' but good looking,' as they enjoyed the spirit of the Lord, which made them look and feel well. He himself had been baptised and received the Holy Ghost hy laying on of hands. He conjured his bearers to become Mormons, and forsake their sins. They were, he said, the most temperate peoplo in the world. Just go iuto the houses. Where were their pipes ? They had thrown them away. Where were their tea pots ? Hicy had no use For thorn. He dccloretl thnt Joe Smith li«ui done more good than any man since our Saviour, and that Brigham Young was a great and mighty prophet and father in Israel. t The proceedings of the afternoon were varieti bv innocent refreshments, such as ginger beer and other cooling drinks. Here and there might be noticed nffectionate couples with their arms j round each othei s waists. ] In the course of tho evening, a rapid review of the origin and history of Mormonism down to the present time, was given by Mr. Orson Pratt. Collections were mado after each service. The Conferenco was brought to n close on Monday evening by n Rocial meeting nt the Teetotal Hall, Broadway, Westminster. The proceedings were certainly of such n character as were never witnessed in a 'conference' before. At the outset, the assemblage engaged in singing, in n loud strain, one. of their favourite hymns, led by Elder Barnard, to tho tune of the 'Low-backed Car.' The 'pur- port of this song was the long looked for day when they would all get to Zion (Utah.) Biother Silver, one of the elders, next obliged tho company with 'a littlo harmony,' It was something about ' I never knew what joy was, Till I became a Mormon,'' &c.; Several songs nnd recitations were given. One of the Yankee elders, fresh from the salt Lako Valley, said lie 'felt fust rate.' He could fetch in firing, if they wanted it ; and he calculated lie was always ' to hand' when any body was wanted to move the fixins, to hunt up the lost sheep, or to drive the oxen. When anything of this kind was to be done, In- was always at hand, to do the best lie could : but he wasn't much of a hind at discoursing, lie drew a pitiable picture of the heathenism of this country, nnd gave a glowing description of the oiilighlcnmcut and happiness of the saints in Utah. A Mr. Harrison, who was one of the very few Englishmen among these Mormon prophets, next addressed the meeting. lie particularly defended polygamy, because it reduced tl e mirital duties to some kind of system. Mormonism did not allow men and women to rush into matrimony without any guiding principle, Mormonism came to them with principles adapted to every condition of a man's life; it entered into the privacy of the chamber, controlled every action. It taught men to act us God would have them act. This \va« the (lifTcreiire between the Mormonitc polygamy and the Oriental system. The congregation then indulged in a pious parady of the ballad ' Minnie.' As altered, it was called a ps.dm. Elder Georg' Bird baring recited a piece about the ' Bishops' Banquet.' apples and pears, Cakes and biscuits were handed round. These were washed down by draughts of pump water from large jugs. Another Elder then favoured the confercnce with some more harmony nbout ' Sleepy Parsons,' the chorus to which was — 11 JTeigho ! you sleepy parsons ! Ha! ha ! hn ! h:» ! whit a lark ! After nil vtur college learning You will find you're in the dark.' The very reverend elder gave this song to the nir of a nigger melody, 'Oh, Susannah, don't you cry for me !' and lie added to the effect by vigo rously slapping his thighs, after the manner of the Ethiopian serenaders. (Loud applause.) Some sisters sang. An elder, with a strong Yankee accent, advised the sisters to sell off all their ornaments, and put the money into the emigration fund, to enable them to ' gather out of Babylon ;' i.e., to leave this country for Utah. The Apostle Orson Pratt then gave the sisters some advice on the subject of marriage. He said that marriage if celebrated by the Mormon Church, extended not only till death, but throughout eternity. He urged them not to marry any men but Mormons, or when they awoke at the Day of Judgement tliev would find themselves without husbands, and be obliged to remain single through out eternity. This horrible eventuality he dwelt upon in a very unctuous manner. Ezra Benson, another apostle, addressed the audience in his shirt sleeves. His speech was full of Yankee humour, coarse, but it told well with the saints, lie al-o said that he felt 'fust rate.' Referring to his wives and children whom he had left in Utah, he said lie believed alibis wives would not apostatise, and that, therefore, he would not be likely to undergo the misery of remaining in heaven. lie described Brigham Young as the best and holiest man in the world, nnd said he did not wonder at the sisters falling iu love with him. Every good man ought to have more than one wife. lie said he would advise the editors who abused them to consult their works, and they would find everything 'as right as taturs.' The proceedings terminated shortly after ten o'clock. 