í& t U t tl fl. Mr O'Connor and Mr Frazer appear to be dividing between them the honors atten- dant upon the introduction of thc newest batch of '* new regulations," Of Mr Fra- zer's survey scheme we have already spoken, and *we need not repeat our opi- nions thereon. Mr O'Connor lias evidently taken haif of his colleagues aback by Iiis proposed increase of areas of claims, and we must also confess f> the same soft im- peachment. \y"e heartily concur with him and all the members of the court that some increase is not only desirable hut necessary, but we agree with Messrs Gillies and Yates and those who voted with them, that it is not expedient to add so largely to the pre- sent areas as Mr O'Connor proposes. It seems to us that Hr O'Connor's argument that this scheme would favor prospecting, and thus lead to an extension of workable ground, instead of lessening it as his pro- positions would otherwise seem to necessi- tate, is too much like the old stv;ry of the Frenchman and his horse, wherein it is shown that just as the docile beast got into the way of living upon a straw a day, he g.we up the ghost. Every miner is fami- liar with the remark ?* Ah well a rush is no good now a day, for there are so many on the ground at a short notice, that a man as little chance if his first claim turns out no good." This means that, with tho the present areas even, thc numbers seek- ing a slice of ground are so great that there is not enough to meet the requirements of all, and many have to go luckless away. As this is verily the case, we are afraid-we look with alarm, as Mr Yates says, upon Mr O'Connor'6 pro- posal to add seven times to some classes, and three times and a half tn others, and fear that the immediate result would be, upon the first rush, thc virtual abrogation ot the frontage system, and some of the most furious barnies we have ever had to re- cord. It would be a forcing of prospecting with a vengeance, but we very much doubt if it would be a very popular method. In a word, the jump is too great, and we be- lieve Mr Gillies' proposition for au increase of 50 per cent a more advisable step, and one that would ba found to answer best. FRENCHMAN'S.—The junction of this with the White Horse will, in all probability, become a " great fact"' within the curreut month. It will doubtless be a litigious fact as well, and in anticipation of the pro- bability, one or two of the miners' favorite lawyers have been already retained. The junction will bc at the point we some time since mentioned, namely, under or near to Bridget's butchery, in the parallels of the Kangaroo and El Dorado companies. At all events, the workings hitherto surveyed, and the latest reports of subsequent opera- tions, place the confluence of the two lines at the point we have indicated. The Redan Company have skirted the White Horse gutter until they have reached their bound- ary and turned back, so that there can be no junction in that parallel, and the surveying of the White Horse, Frenchman's - ward, shows that the two lines are pretty certain to meet in the parallels of the next company. The Kan- garoo will most likely land in a few days now, and then will come the tog of war. The United Miners have puddled up, and are now plugging to make the shaft tight, as she con- tinues to leak considerably. This company expect to haye a third layer of rock over the gutter, upon which they are pretty confident of fonding dead. The Round Tower mob are lying by, because they are bothered with their pumps, which they have not yet got into working order. The holding off of this company from baling helps to make matters worse for their neighbors. A-head of these companies, the work is going on with varying success, every party being in the rock. Mr Elder is now going down with his third bore in the Albion Company, and expecting M h^tít^m^^íi^' They had a mishap with the second bore, owing tothe chisel coming in contact wjfli the side of wnat seemed to a boulder lwunded by soft staff, or else a dipping ¿rock, which threw the bore out of the perpendicular, and so fer out as to randera contínnaaceof operations impracti- cable. Following up the course of mining progress, the stream of business and popula- tion is gradually flowing westward. The Dutch Harry Hotel has been brought up from the solitudes about the brow of the hdl over the creek, and pitched in front of the Registry Office. The Junction Hotel has also followed from the busier spot in the main thoroughfare at White Horse, and is now settled close alongside the United Miners. Scott's Restaurant has followed suit, and is now opened by the side of tho Junction. Scott is pretty well known and patronised by the miners on the kill, who rush him right vigorously at dinner and other times, and always success folly. Every mau has his claim upon Scott's parallels, and each day gives a "show " such ! as a well-sauced appetite can thoroughly ap- preciate. The Wesleyans have also removed their chapel to a spot near to the shaft of the White Horse Golden Horn Company. There is not much doing in the sale of shares, but plenty of transfers are effected per force. For the men have been there so long that lots of them are quite cleaned out, and are glad to transfer the last quarter of their shares even for temporary loans to carry on with. This is a discouraging state of things, but it is true ; and it may as well be told. Happily, the peculiar ciroum'tances of this lead, in this respect, renders it different from our leads generally. WHITE HORSE.—The Leviathan and ad- joining companies are working away and turning out stuff that will yield apparently a paying average ; but the show is not as good aa has been sometimes anticipated. The Cham- pion of the Seas has paid the second party well, the claim having liad in it nearly all that was worth talking about in the Terrible. The Eldorado will soon be landed in the deep ground, and when landed, the question about the junction will receive a rapid solution. The Golden Horn Company are now close upon the boundaries of the United Miners, having a drive of more "than 250 feet in that way. When the probable place of the gutter is reached the party, if they determine to go down upon it, will have to put down a monkey shaft of some sixty feet in depth to reach the goal. The workings of this Com- pany, and those of the United Miners, will very soon be in collision after bottoming, if a liigher power step not in to prevent ; but it is most likely that before then the litigants back on the line will have done something towards a settlement of the law of the matter. Beyond the Golden Horn the linc is exceed- ingly quiet, and no wonder, seeing the small chance there is that much use will come of sinking ahead by both lines. REDAN.-This line is holding up its head quite proudly again after a period of de- pression. Steam machinery here and there, and hoting operations proclaim that the miners on this ground have a notion that the ground is well worth looking after. Finn's party washed out over 6 lbs. weight from half a machino the other day, we hear, and thus it will be seen that the leal is indeed worth sticking to. This party «re getting au engine fixed, as also their spare ground, or old ground neighbors farther back. The Great Redan Massey Company, on the hill top, west, are also getting their engine into gear, but somewhat slowly. The shaft-mouth shanty of this com- pany is an exceedingly neat one; indeed, about the best wa have ever seen. The barney between this conipauy and Finn's below, lias not yet been settled Mr Warden Smith in this case, also, treat- ing them to the luxury of indefinite post- ponement. The gutter in this line is shap- ing north-west, ind two boring parties are prospecting ahead for the deep ground, at a distance of about a ¡nile from the creek. The Great Extended Company have got down 125 feet with their first bore, which is rigged in capital style. They had put down a shaft, 7, 0 x 4* 3, to a depth of 25 feet, before they commenced tn bore, and the boring rods work that depth through a wooden tube. A substantial platform, consisting of 6 x 4 joists, has been laid downoverthe shaft mouth, and on it is rigged the boring apparatus. A long lever "assists the nen in "easing" the bore and "sheave poles" towering in the air, hold sheave blocks through which a rope from a windlass on the platform can be worked as the operations progress. Fly poles also provide support for an awning against the weat her, and altogether the arrangements ave the completest we have seen anywhere. The boring-rods and appa- ratus, were made by Stevenson and Son, and report says they are turned out of hand in first-rate style. Beyond this, the Red Lion Company have just commenced boring, their first bore being set in yesterday. They ara only down a lew feet yet. The apparatus of this company was made by Mr Tynan, of White Horse, who manufactured that in use by the Albion company, Frenchman's. Ap- plications for amalgamation will be made on Tuesday next, by the Perseverance 62 to 71, and the Progressive 72 to 81 ; and another amalgamation is nearly completed, which will carry the numbers of from 82 to 91, all of which are to set to work immediately. MINERS' RIGHT.-The gutter claims on this lead, that by the lemonade place on the hill side, and the claims on the hill next above are turning out very well ; and the share- holders talk of netting from £400 to £600 per man. The parties driving for the gutter ahead, are expecting to land in the deep ground before long. 