NEW SOUTH WALES AUXILIARY BIBLE SOCIETY. TH» annual meeting pf this Society was held on Friday evening last, pursuant to advertisement, in the Infant School Boom, Castlereagh-strect, His Excellency the Governor-General in the chair. Tho meeting waa very numerously and respectably attended, the large room being well filled. A considerable portion of the audience was composed of ladies. Hi« Excellency and the Lord Bishop were received with every manifesto; ion of respect. _ At the request of His Excellency, to thc Bishop, To commence the proceedings in the usual manner, his Lordship read the 67th Psalm, and offered up the Lord's Prayer. * The CHAIRMAN then called on the Secretary, Mr. Comrie, to read the reoort for the past year. Tho Btv. S. C. KENT proceeded to read the re- port in the room of the secretary [Mr. Comrie), who wai in ni health. There were some allusions in the report to the services of Mr, Comrie, and he had been requested to say these wera not inserted at his 'instance. He had also to apologise for the absence of tho President of thc Society, wno was compelled to attend' to his duties ia the Legislative Council. The Secretary had also requested him to state that " the connection with the Traot Society in the employ. I ment of colporteurs hod boon revived, bot that there was no other connection between the two sooietieB. BEPORT. Tho revolving year find* us once moro met together (o re count the goodna* of God. and to toll how Ho hath ma (tn lied His wjrd and mado lt honorable among ns and throughout tho «artb. \- Forty yam have now rolled away >mce tho New South Wale« Auxiliary'HIM« Bodily, hy the exertions of the late Reverend ' Samuel Manden and the Venerable tho Archdeacon of Cumberland, vu flrit Instituted In the city of Sydney, lt waa ushered Into exiitenee under very favourable auspices. The Governor, the Judge», and many other persona of rank and influente in the colony, honoured themselves hy tending Its Infant growth, and oldie g. th* esteemed secretaries In nursing lt Into ?usogth.and ^Ârnld the many ohanges and vidssltude* through which the ' colony bas passed since then, this valuable Bod tty has lived on. It EM had lo Btragglo tbrouRh many dlfflûullics, and to contend with many adversaries. Clouds nod darkness hare often sur- rounded iL Stormi have lowered overhoad, and threa-ened.U) surround lt. Dat lt hu ll red on, calmly contending against, and trinmphanUy surmounting the opposition of lt» enemies, and the lukewarm in differ cn co of its pro fessed -friends. It has over maintained à singlo eye to the grand object of its fenn dora, as briefly stated In the Firat Report of tho Anxldsry, "To eo-opemte with the British and Foreign Bib to Society ta promoting nmong«t all classes the distribution of tho Holy Serlptnrea. wi thoo t note or comment." And now, In. the fortieth rear of ita existence, with tba soma single object atm la vlow, lt sopeara beíorc the publie of Now South Wolfs moro vigorous than ever, with th« representativo of Majesty occupying Ita chair, the highest dignitary of the English Church In tao colo- nice and ropmenUUves of almost erny Protestant denomination advocating Ita cansa, and with a balança sheet to present which shows an advancing and far higher' state of prosperity than it has These aro bu causes for devout and humblo gratltndo to God, and year co ra mi It« would, In the midst of-their many short- comings, «till look to Bim for guldinco and direction in the circu- lation af that blessed book union teaches men bow they may liva peacefully and happily bo earth, and prepares them for. a higher sad nobler stats of existence beyond the grave. . During the psst year the sales hi - the pablie fro rr. tbs Depot have been 5503 bibles ond testaments, pradudng-the sum of £133 10a. Sd. Tho sales to tho bronches and associations during the same period bavo been 3370 bibles and testara tnt«, producing the sum of £»1117s. ld. : and the sales by tho oolportenrs du ring.that time have be £U1 Us. td. The entire sales throughout the year from these three .ouzoeá together have omounlcd to 10,321 blhlcsand testa- ments, producing tho »um of £IWB Os. ItL, being £118 over the the general purposes of tho boeiety, navo amounted to Se. Sd- and the contributions from tho branches and ossoeia have been £S25 ISa. Sd., making, with thc collectlm at lost annual meeting, £10010«. 3d., being ¿18! In excess of last yes.r'o cont-' ballona. Blneo tho year ISM tho talca of Bibles and Testaments, i the contributions towards the funds of tho society have Increased tenfold. Whoa we last met, a debi of £1500 wu due by year committee to the parent soddy. During the year which bas just dosed that debt has not been increased, and remittances have been mado to she pareat society on purchase account, aaa un Ung to £1170; and Utera 1* » balance- In too nanos of the Treasurer of £799 1!*. ld. Out of this lt ls proposed to pay the bilanoo of dtbt due to tba parent society, and remit a free contribution af £500 towards Its funds. A resolution authoring yonr committee to do thia will bo submitted to you In tho tonne of the evening-. You aro aware that, in order to carry on the sales from tho depot on thotoxtcTwtvo scale which tho Inoresslng wanta of the colony demand, it U necessary.to koop always on hand o large stock or bibles and tesUments. It will doubtless be os gratify- ing to Ibo friend» of tho Bible Society to know, os U.is pleasing to theeemmiUeoloheablctflonnounec.thatthoro iBat present on hand st tho depot, corner of. Pitt and King streets, a valuable and varird stock ofnd less than 13.82J Wblca and testent!, oU of which hove been paid for, and are now the property of this Auxi- liary. Ia addition to this, there ls now on tho way to England an order for £300 worth more, which ara notyot paid for. During tho past year-grants of 84 bibles and 76 teaumenu oura been mado to Sabbath school», and a grant of throe EngUsh bibles have been made to tho Rev. Otorgo King, for tho use of thrco of the aborigtnesof New South Wole*,who aro under bis .uPcri« tendence, and who have been taught to read tho Sured BeriP Tbe entire Issues from your Depot during tho year have been 10,434 bibles and testaments; and dering the forty years your Auxiliary has been In existence It hos been the means of circulat- ing no fewer than G7.S9T ooplos of God's Word to mon throughout all ports of the interior of this wide-spread colony. All classes sud conditions of men have participated In tho blessings which this precious book conveys. Who cnn tell tho amount or leavening, life-giving Influença walch this silent perennial stream may hare had on tba colony at Urge daring the last forty yean 1 restraining, it may have been, ¡rom law- lessness and crlrao-perhaps Inspiring and keeping niko the firm resolve to do J nilly, to love mercy, and to walk humbly with the Lord God of the Bible- warning tho careless, soothing tho paaltont, comforting thn mourner, guiding tba Îoung, supporting the aged, and filling the departing soul with right anticipations of that happy itato where sin and sorrow aro Your committee hove much pleasure In acknowledging tho great sid which they faavo derived from tho exertions of the branches and associations recently established throughout the eolonv. A list oí those who bare thus aided tho fends of your auxiliary during thc past year will ba found appended to the treasurer's statement. It ls hoped that thou who have not yet sent lrr their contributions will do so without dd ny, and it ls also boped that, when» practicable, the desirable plan of holding annual public meeting» will bc regularly adhered to, so that tho inhabitants of thc various db trie ts may be annually reminded of this important institution, and have an opportunity ot contributing to its funds. In the month of December last, at tho request of tho Bathurst Branch, a deputation consisting of the Reverends Foster A sh win, and S. C. Kent, proceeded to that locality to asilit in celebrating the drat anniversaries of tho branches and associations lately formed in Bathurst and the surrounding townships. Mr. Ashwln preached on behalf of tho Society in the places of warship belonging to tho Church of England In Bathurst and Kelso, and Mr Kent preached the wno day In the Presbyterian and Wesleyan places of worship. During tho following week they attended public meetings at Macquarie Plains, Dathurst, Orange, and Carcoar, and liberal responses wera mode in all these ?laces to tbclr appeals. Tho députa ¡iori strongly reconunccd that the secretaries of the branches and associations throughout tho colony bo urged to bold their annual meetings punctually and regularly, as the only euro means of sustaining them e&lclcnllv.; From the last report of the parent Society lt ls cheering to abierto the onward progress of that great and truly noble instru- its last annual receipts amounted to £130,438 7s. 10d., being a lars* luuxoso over IheJinM^ ^ hnvtng reached1 îhe* unprecedenteofliumber of one mHUoVrouir hundred and sercnty-four thouwind thrco hundred and ninety four copies, being an inereaso of twenty three thousand five hun- dred and eighteen copies. The total issues of this great Society during the Q'ty-two years lt has bcon In existence, amount to thirty raillions eight hundred and sixty-three th ou mn d nine hundred and one copies of tho Word of God, in nearly all tho languages sud dialects of the placed at their disposal, by tho munificent liberality of their friends, during the past^yeor-a jteriod In which various onreth?nninc7o^ bsd the income oxeccded that of any previous year, but the issues of the society had reached .an extent well fitted to nwoken In hs^iraagined thaftbc titUo seed, so WT/fa* faith and prayer"¡wo and fifty years ago, contained within itself the hidden germ of such a glorious growth and development-that the little fountain of goodwill to man then unscaled should hara expanded into a river so broad and «o majestic ss to pour tts life-giving waters Your committee would earnestly argo tho claims of the parent sodMy ln^tbta^nlony. For tho long period of fortjr years lt has and now that prosperity bas crowned your efforts with success) and you ore at length freed from that incubus of debt which hos for so many years clogged tho exertions o' your commltce, let your abundant gratitude ba shown by continuous and Increasing In eoneliiding this report, your committee regret to hero to coram uni ca I« that the Hon, Janies Comrie, Esq., who for nine years hos most efficiently discharged tho duties of secretary, has, In consequence of the Increased business of the society, requiring moro timo than he had at bis disposal, -felt compelled to ro ? tores?bf ^"gocM.0 *"* lía" ^ " bated1**1 "^''h** ""'red* us Uut'ho will «teem lt a^rirUege'aa a a member ot thc commit- tee to assist in earryingon tho business of thc Society. In accepting Mr. Com rio's .resignation your commllto unanl mcnsly adopted tho following resolution-" That tbo cordial thanks of this commutes be presented to tho lion. James Comrie, E*q., M.L.C., for his mlunblo and energetic services as honorary secretary to this Society during tho psst nine years, and that lt bo rocommonded lo tho annual meeting that his name be added to tho list of vioe-prealdents." The BISHOP OP STDNTT said : I risc at the request of the committee to move tho adoption of the report, and I do so with peculiar pleasure, not only because tho content* of the report arc highly gratifying, but because the object of the Bible Society-the circulation of the Scriptures-is increasingly dear to me every year I live. It BO happens that this ia the third public meeting of the Now South Wales Auxiliary to the Britiïh and Foreign Bible Society which I have attended since my arrival in this colony, and I am thankful that my landing here is associated with a came which dignifica every advocate, and reflecta honour upon the humblest of its friends. I desire to accept it os an OXQCD, and to regard it as an indication of what my course should bc, namely, that the Bible, interpreted not by tho varying opinions of the day or thc traditions of the post, but read in its own light and illustrated by the wisdom, piety, and learning, whioh exist in the articles of the Church of England, should be thc acknowledged rule of my own and others faith and practice. We of the Church of England have been taught that nothing os on article of faith is to be be- lieved but that which is contained in the Word of Ood, or may.be proved thereby ; and I desire that hy me nothing may bc done hat that which is in accord- ance with thc same divine infallible rule. Tho friends of the Bible Sorictv hive much reason to thank God for tho manifest blessing which hse attended tho labours of ita agents during the put year. Never in. its history have events of such importance occurred, or such de- cided evidences of its usefulness been afforded. It is an instrumentality admirably adapted for its object ; it is most efficiently worked, and it is most plainly bleated of Ood in its work; What, then, can ita friends at homo desire from us but that, entering into the spirit of this great movement, we should in our place and day carry forward tho same design, join in the thankfulness which its success calls forth, and ensure a repetition of ita triumphs by the support and sympathy which wo can offer. How nobly did thia colony recognise its oneness with our beloved country during the recent war ! How plainly was it proved weak the same hearty concurrence with those who were determined to prosecute the war. Sorrow in the long night of suffering, enthusiastic joy when the day of triumph came-those emotions not evinced by words alone, but by that true test of feeling-a large, liberal, thanksgivings of a higher, holier character. They a peaceful-they are enduring. Over them no tear b that of gladness is shed. The rejoicing of the victor brings no shame to thc vanquished the conqueror and " the conquered', have on. common song of everlasting joy. Let mo briefly' glance s>t tomo of these triumphs, as they may be 5leaned from the report of the parent society, andas ley are connected with some of the actors in tho late war. Let mc- begin with our gallant allies, the French. So early as August, lb6i, the Bible Society directed irs efforts to tho French army, and in 18 months 65.000 copies of tho word of God were distri- buted to soldiers in France. Wherever they were encamped, or from wherever they embarked, permis- sion was sought from the commanding officers to offer the New Testament at a low rate, or gratuitously, to thesoMler*. That permission was almost universally granted, and the men most thankfully availed themselves of tho offer. A French Pro- testant pastor, writing from the Crimea, says that he had often found the men with thB New Testament io their hands'; end, ripon enquiry, he was told they had received them at Toulon, or at SUr spíllcs, or st Lyons, or Boulogne, or at Kialla, or Corsica. In the camp, the same measures were token. Two children, sons of a German pastor, were most activo in the distribution of German and French, scriptures. Instances are recorded of French soldiers , dying in .tho profession of their faith in the Redeemer, and their peace through thc knowledge of Him derived from tho atudy of tho Scriptures ; and one remarkable testimony to tho value of the Bible is given by an' old French captain : "No one would over make us soldiers religious- by mummeries, -but it is very difforent-witti the Bible, in it there are things' which speak, whioh' tako hold of the .heart," Similar efforts were made on behalf nf the Sardinian . army,-boxes ' filled with New ^. Testaments were placed. ' on board . the transports, in which the troops were conveyed to the'Crimea : ono agent, Kr. Matheson dis- tributed 9000 copies with his own hand, and when his health failed two English gentlemen took up his work with such success thee'it u believed that scarcely . mau in the Sardinian army would return to his own country without a much-prized copy of the Word of Ood. It was much priced. A correspondent describes the scene In the Sardinian camp after the evening dram beat .tho tattoo. In every tent three or four lightB are kindled, and the men, seated on the ground, taxa out their New Testaments and read tilla late hour'. "It is like a church," said a young corporal ; " this-occurs'evcry night,-and-the- csmp at-this-hour is peculiarly still." Amidst tho pictures of-the war I know nothing upon which the eye of the Christian, con moro thankfully rcat than upon thc Frenoh soldier on guard in the trenches wiui his musket intone one hand and his New Testament in the other, or upon the battalions of Italian infantry, closing the diy.in reading that word which maketh wise unto salvation through faith in Jesus Christ. But these circum- stances which more than any other marks tho progress of events, is the opening for the circulation of tho Bible in Turkey itself. Y Appeals for the Scriptures pour in from every quarter, from Moldavia, Walla- chia, and Bulgaria. An edition of five thousand copies of the New Testament in Wallachian had been nearly exhausted. 13,500 copies of tho New Testament in Turco-Greok,. Armenian-ancient and modern, and Armenian as spoken near Mount Ararat, were being prepared. The Primo Minister of Turkoy, tho Grand Vizier, had grnciously accepted a copy of tho Bible presented to him by the American' Minister, who , had beon conversing with him upon the fulfll I ment of its prophecies. The Scriptures aro sold publicly in the streets of Constantinople ; ! in the great thoroughfare of one of th suburbs-tho Qalata floating bridge, they oro offered to the Turk, and the Turk is willing to buy. Thc veiled female, attended by her BIRVO, nae been seen to stop before the pile of Bibles and buy ; tho Bey on horseback, the Cadi in his progress, have stopped to buy ; thc latter perhaps arrested by the commenda- tion of tho colporteurs, " This is tho unorrlnej book, this is the hook which tells no lies." Yes, this haughty conquerer of thc eastern scat of Christendom, now in the hour of his weakness, begin's to enquire into the contents of tho Frankish book-"the-"book which tollu no Men." Vnr r.wnnty.fivn yaam A.m'erican missionaries havo laboured in the cities of Asiä Minor, and now their labours toll. The Armenian, tho Jes 5Caed trodden-down Armenian, ho who - holds io pursc-strlngs of the ' Turkish Empire, has received the Word of God; the Greek hos received it, and there is not now a considerable town in Asia Minor in which there are nat some who profess only to be guided by tho Word of God. And for thiB amongst other reasons fon the authority of Mr. Layard) the Czar engaged in the late war,- he feared lest those who are His spiritual subjects, should emancipate themselves from his rulo through thc in- structions they received from Protestant missionaries, and their knowledge of the word of Ood; All these things aro observed by the Biblo Society-all these people ore aided by the Bible Society, the Turk and the Armenian in his own language, and in tho various dialects of his language, shall read the word of God. It is this ever present, ever watchful care of the So- ciety, which ie ono of its noblest characteristics. For the millions of Chinese it has jost published the whole Bible at tho low charge of one shilling and fonr pence for a singlo copy. Every person in theCelestial Empire who con read may read in his own tongue the wonder- ful works of God, And while this cure is exercised on behalf of millions, cast your eye upon a amo^ .island of these Southern Seas, whose name is hardlyknówn to ten persona here, Nengorie, or upon another, Aneiteura, and you will find the Biblo Society at work there) In Nengorie a young clergyman was left by thc Bishop of New Zealand. He was in Ul health at thc .time, and subsequently he died there. It might scorn as if his work, too, must die : but it was not lost. Before his decease two missionaries of the London Missionary Society arrived, and fonnd that Mr. Nihil had trans- lated, printed, and written several portions of the Word of God. These and. his manuscripts they re- ceived, and now, hy the aid of the Bible Society, the Scriptures are read in the language of Ncngorio , and Aneitcum. And so also while the I hundred dialects of India receive the Scriptures, the Griqua captive in Southern Africa, and the re- deemed slave in Western Africa have the same boon 1 conferred upon them. Like the book it nireuTotes, like Him wno is the author of this work, nothing I within its objects are so great that the Society may j not attempt-nothing so insignificant that the Society shonld neglect it Ido not envy the persons who for , any reasons con stand aloof from this work. I I grieve for them, and desire on their behalf that, they I maybe' better informed, for I believe that want of in I formation is the chief cause of their refusal to assist. I am thankful to belong to a nation and to a church whoBegloryanddefenceistnoWordofpod. Iotethank I ful that wo have a Queen who Bubscriocs teethe Bible Society, and whose representative in this country affords his aaa ia tan co to the same cause, I am thankful that I have an ecclesiastical superior, the Archbishop of Canterbury, who subscribes to tho Bible Society; and I rejoice- to think that the principles and motives whioh actuate them are drawn from this book, and that it Is as much their desire and prayer os it can bo ours that iheee principles may pervade and animate the whole human race. And why do we desire this ? Do we seek the triumph of a party ? No ; we cir- culate this Word because this Word is truth-speaks no lies, speaks to the heart, and is the means, under God, of saving the soul. It testifies of Him whom we adoro and love-of him who died for man-the Sun of God, tho Son of Man-God manifest in thc'flesh, re- conciling the world unto himself. We desire to. circu- late this Word because it does not merely pro- long the echoes of Christ's words, but re- cords and reiterates to every nation under heaven tho gracious sounds whioh first were heard within the precincts of the holy city, or on the shores of the sea of Galilee. We circulate this word because we believe that, armed with this weapon, the feeblest hand becomes mighty through God to beat down the high places of impiety, superstition, and un- belief ; because, with thia in our hands, wa ctn offer bread-the bread of God, to the hungry-with this we can open the crystal fountain from whencp' streams of cleansing and of lifo flow forth ; because,'with this warrant for our message, we can go to every child of man, however for he hos gone from God-however deep he has sunk in the depths of sin, and say to nim, here ia pardon, hero is pBace, here is the hope of everlasting life. Accept' the offers con- tained in thia Word, and you aro for ever happy, be- cause fer ever saved. My Christian friends, .these are our motives for desiring to circulate the Word of Ood; those are our reasons for rejoicing is the triumphs of this Word. I deem any one highly honoured who is permitted to take part-in this work, and Bharo in this joy. I regard all explanations aud reasons for doing this as so many impertinences ; and I look upon those congratulations which are ' occa- sionally offered, because men of different minds and having different modes of worship unite in'this work as somewhat beneath tho dignity of this theme. The work is BO sacred-the cause so.good, so holy, so , blessed in its results, that anything which gives i undue prominence to - our external differ- ences seems to mc as. misplaced as it will be in that better world where all will bo one. Surely we aro ono in one belief, that in His word'all that is essential to salvation is contained ; we ore one in' ac- knowledging the one Mediator between God,and man ; one in our recognition of the need hf the Holy Spirit tn, guide us into tho knowledge of tho Divine', will-and* having' these great and heavenly unities, let us rejoice ' more in the realities; the eternal realities, which this Word reveals ; let us pray more for tho freedom of its course throughout the world ; let us regulate our own hearts and lives more completely by ita rules, and long and labour for that tirao-^-may it soon Come !-in whioh there shall be no occasion for the circulation of this Word-the timein which " they shall teach no more every man his neighbour, saying know tho Lord ; for they sholl all know Him, from the least-of them to the greatest of them ;" when His name shall be one, and His worship one, and tho universe itself one vast temple upon whose portals are written in letters of light and glory, " Jehovah-Shammoh, the Lord is. true. \- The Rev. Mr. Howson-(Principal of Mooro College) seconded the resolution. He did so with peculiar ' pleasure, because it had been moved by a rev. prelate who, from his reception at that meeting, it was evident had tho confidence of the people of-Now South Wales. The Bible .Society hod great claims on all'colonists,' and particularly on tho colonists of Australia; and it was' therefore most desirable that tho present report should be printed,and circulated. He was very happy to second this resolution, os he-knew of no leader whom ho would sooner , follow in the battles of the Lord of Hosts than the right rev. prelate wbji had pre-; ceded him. It was ? intended that the; R«v. Dr, Mackay should haye seconded .this rcwlutíon.isind ho regretted his. clear reasoning powers, should not have .been available on" tho 'present' occa- sion ; but conscious os he -was: of his own inferiority, he was rejoiced to .have the :oppor -tunity now afforded him of -testifying to¡ the merits of the British and Foreign Bible Society. -To every un- prejudiced mind the merits of tho Society spoke for -themselves, but all minds were not unprejudiced, and ho believed this arose principally from the want of. in- formation as to the objects of the Soeity, and this was one great reason why the report should be printed and circulated. . - The OKÁXBMAH read a If tier'from the Bev. Dr, Mackay, regretting his unavoidable absence from the meeting, in consequence of previo as engagement. Tho resolution wai then put and passed, . The ROY. ÄUcauAara Cow?ra moved the .second resolution.. Be said he ros» with somo diffidence to take part in so important a meeting, although he should oe very sorry if it were supposed that ho was indifferent to tho cause of the . British and Foreign. "Bible Society, or the Auxiliary in New South 'Wales. As he had-been requested hythe committee of this auxiliary to move the second resolution, he had como hera to afford himself the ploasure, and to receive the honour of acceding to their request ; and also to show that he was sincerely sud cordially attached to the principles and objects af this great cania. (Cheers.) This was tho first opportunity he had ever posieaasd In his native city of aiding the cause of this Society. It : had not been his lot to have been present at one an- nual meeting, although he had been a subscriber to the Bible Society for upwards of twenty years, and l.hadinsomo humblo manner aided its exertions. Ho should be glad indeed if ali those who felt on interest in the cause of religion-if all of every denomination in tkti country were united together in ono grand I effort to promota the cause of this institution. (Cheers.) As a naüve of this colony (for the native cry had been ' somewhat raised of late) ho should be very glad if his young Australian frionas would take up tho cause of ' tho Society, and ho had no doubt thc energy they sometimes showed in other causes would produce ! very great results, (Cheers.) He thought, perhaps, tho committee of tho Society wished to have a native to .peak for them to- night; and if an Australian's opinion was desired, and could have any effect upon their minds, he should be very happy to throw out a hint with tho hopo that it might be acted upon by some. But passing from these, which were perhaps rather too egotistical observations, he would read the resolution which had been entrusted to hifl advocacy. It waa.'-" That tho continued prosperity ol this Auxiliary and the increased circulation of the Word of God throughout tho colony by means of its agency, especially the branches and associations, are causes of dovout gratitude to Almighty God, and ought to bc incentives to increased exertion in aid af the funds of suchen institution." Before offering any observa- tion, on the tenor of the motion, he would take the op- portunity of stating some reasons why he was attached to tho British and Foreign Bible Society. Allusion had alreadyjbeCQ mode to prejudices, arising, no doubt, in some measure from want of information. He be- lieved if persons would set themselves candidly ta examine into the principles of this Society, and tht mode in which its operations were carried out, thev would 2nd their prejudices vanish away like mists be- fore the morning Bun, and be disposed to take up the cause with zeal, perseverance, and determination, He was attached to~tho Bible Socioty because the cause wes so noble, its objects so grand, and its achieve- ments so splendidly beneficent. It had been the benefactor, of the world-the benefactor of thc wholohumanntco-and it sought, as had already been so eloquently stated, to bless the whole family of man with the light which was sent from heaven, and to guide wandering sinners into tho paths of everlasting peace. (Cheers.) He could not but consider it as a very remarkable instance of the providence of God that the Bible Society was called iuto existence nearly about the same time that several foreign missionary societies were brought into being. Ho had often thought what those missionary societies would have been able to do if the. Bible Society had not been in existence. Look at thc surrounding scene-to New Zealand and Polynesia- and see what tho Bible Society had dono there 1 It had given thc Bible to New Zealand, and thus stamped the work of the mis- sionaries, through the blessing of God, with BUCCCSS. Thc Bible Society gave to thc inhabitants of New Zealand the means of reading in their own tongue, and proving, from the Word of God, that the doctrines they had received from missionaries by oral teaching were indeed the words of the Most High. (Cheers.) And so with re- gard to Polynesia ; the Bible Society came in and did that for tho missionaries whioh-they could not- have done for themselves-which none of the missionary societies would have been able to have accomplished ; it came forward and gave the Word" which would render the work of thc missionary permanent, and it alao gave both thc missionary and tue convert the means of proving that their faith was in accord- ance with the mind of the Most High. (Cheers.) These were some of tho reasons why we should be at- tached to tho Bible Society and endeavour to promote its objects; but without dwelling any longer upon these points, ho would pass on briefly to notice the resolution, for he must not detain the meeting'when BO many others, able to do far more justice to the subject, wcro to follow him. The resolution spoke of " tho continued prosperity of this auxiliary," and he could truly say that his heart rejoiced when he came to the meeting and found by thc report that auch prosperity did. attend tho Society, foi ho rather expected to hear that the society was in- volved in debt^ond that some means would have tobe proposed to relieve it from its state of indebtedness. He rejoiced that the association was not only free fro tr debt, but that it had also been able able to transmit money to the parent institution for a supply of addi- tional copies of the Word of God. Truly tho con- tinued prosperity of this auxiliary did call for gratitudi to Almighty God. But the resolution also spoke o: the increased circulation of the Word of God through- out this colony. This should rejoice our hearts, and fill us. with thankfulness ; for who that had any love foi tho Word of God-who'that had. known its precious- ness-who that had fed his soul with tho manna fron heaven-who that had drunk of tho water of life fron thc ? precious fountain of the infallible Wore of God, did not wish that Word tc ;be established in every home and in every heart to be the ruling power there, governing the habits o families and individuals, and blessing them with it :consolations and ita hopes î (Applause.) There hat been then an increased circulation of the Word of Goi throughout the colony, and this, it was noticed, hat been especially the caa« by thc branches and associa tiona which had been established. He rejoiced to h ca that some of those branch associations had been kep alive-that they had increased in vigour-that tho; had been increasingly useful, and that there waa i prospect of even, larger usefulness. He was afra.ii Borne had rather gone to sleep, and required to b awoke. We must try to awaken them. Ho hope< "this would go forth-that the Press would corr; into all parts of the land such expressions as wool' awaken those who had .forgotten . their duty to thi society, so that when the next meeting took place the might hear that every one bf the brauch institution formed when the deputation came from the mothei country were in activB existence, doing their duty, an .increasing their influence in their respective neigh bourhoods. Thc resolution said that this continue prosperity and this increased circulation called for di vout gratitud» to Almighty. God, and ought to bo ii centlves to increased exertion. He hoped this woul .be responded to, and that all would feel that what Gc had given them-that what Ho had enabled thcSociel to do-was a cell from Him to do still more. (Cheers He trusted that none would leave the meeting to-nigl 'without resolving, by the help of God-who slot could give the. desire and enable us to carry that dosi into practice-ito do double at least what they hi done during tBe past year to promote the prosperit, tho usefulness, andv the efficiency of this AuxÜiai Bible . Society of New South Wales. (Cheers.) Tl rev. gentleman concluded by moving the resolution. The Rev. W. CUTHBERTSON, B.A., seconded the x solution. He could'sincerely say that he felt it t' ' highest honour to be called upon to take a part, hot ?ever humble, in^auch a meeting as this. Ho rojoici that lt fell to bia lot to second not merely a resolutii but also tho wise and bcautifutly-expresaod sentimei that had been put before the assembly by- the re ?;entleman who had just sat down, (Hear, hear.) 1 elt delighted too' to think that the meeting was r ono of lamentation, but that we had to rejoi together -not morely in the continu prosperity of . the .Parent Society, I likewise in the advancement of £ auxiliary. (Cheers.) There were'statements in 1 report which ho for one thought encouraging. (He hear.) The very fact that. this auxiliary, with branches, had been enabled" to spread in the colo ten thousand and some odd hundreds of copies oft Bible and the New Testament ought to fill their hes ! with gladness ; but when they looked at the wh j work he was sure the society was one that must ce mend their love, and, aa. the resolution put ic, " i forth increased liberality." (Cheers.) He thou; the society was of peculiar importance in such a col< I as this." Ha had always, 'àmoe he had joined ' .Christian Church, been' a' member and a supportei the Bible Society. In England ' it had Deon duty " on .' several occasions-(true, it ' waa 1 humble one as far as he wat concerned, but he di ! willingly and sincerely)-to speak in behalf of 1 .Society, and even there one was prepared to advoc 'it, end mctcl/limiting ita action by the borders of j United Kingdom,' to show that lt had done much g I sinoa the period of ita establishment. (Cheers.) . .when~the action of tho Bible Society was coiisidel , in a colony like this ; when we remembered that fi I- drcumataocea over whioh we could have no contre I large proportion of the population Jiad no ppportui I of attending the HOUPO of. God and'.the mt ' of grace; ' when wo called to mind tho fact i I tba Bible taken on the bosom of the ahepr Ito the lone hill-side where ha watc his flocks was his Only teacher and .religious 1 instrootcr, it became an. imperativo duty of the Chris- tian men and women of this colony to spread the Word of God until it- was found m every hand. | (Cheers.) Speaking in such society as this, it was , difficult after the varied modes in which the subject had been handled to find anything that would in- terest : the only resource was to fall back upon the old topic-"ita adaptation to humanity." He thought an appeaJ'WM never made inTain to the Christian heart when we were speaking of the claims, of the Book of God.. It was equally important to avery human being that it should be their guide in life; that as tho Psalmist said- it should be a lamp unto our- feet and a light unto our-path. (Cheers.) But to-night, with the permission of his Excellency and thc audience, he would like to put the matter thus : that it was not merely important to individuals, but that it was also important to every city and every nation that it should have within the compass of its action tho truths of the Book of God that it should love that book, and that its prosperity -was immediately dependent upon it (Cheers.) He thought that was a proposition not very difficult to establish. First of all, he would ask, taking this beau- tiful city, what were the things of which its inhabitants were tho most proud? What were - those things that struck the mind of the stranger-or at least the Christian man or woman— when he first came among them ? For his own part, he could say, while he was delighted with the beauti- ful harbour, and felt almost inspired while gazing on the rich scenery around, that the things which really charmed his mind the most, as a Christian minister, were those magnificent charities we had among us, in which all sections of the Christian church, and all those that could scarcely be called members of the church at all, had united to support. (Cheers.^ And, he would ask, whence had those noble institutions come ? What was tile primary, the direct source of those charities? ? An answer was easily given to the men who doubted that they sprung im- mediately and directly from the Book of God. Com- pare the spirit and teachings of the old nations with the spirit and teachings of modern times ! Compare the national action in regard to the human mind and thc love existing between one man and another with the duties that those then administering the Government of the different countries felt imperative upon them, and it would be found that they acted from motives of self-interest, He defied any person to show from history that any one of those nations ever took action with regard to the institution of chari- ties merely from the principle of love to man. (Cheers.) But as soon as the principle of reli- gion came into action—even when our forefathers were out in the wilderness-when they were pursued into the desert-they never forgot the claims of their fellow-men. The loaf they had—when it was all they had-they were willing to share with their fellow Christians in destitution. They had all things in common, and they loved one another. He believed as solemnly as ho ever did believe anvthing, that if the book of God was to be closed and its influence kept away from the human heart, in spite of tho cry of progress which is now heard—in spite of tho wonders of science in this nineteenth century, that our charitable institutions would gradually become vacant that their walls would crumble and decay-that they would mock us by their emptiness, and finally perish. (Cheers.) There was one other point he wished to' notice. Just mark the spirit and action of Christianity: it was the living out of that which we possessed in the blessed Book of God-His message, in which there was no falsehood, os had been already remarked-a message which " tells no lies. " It was not designed merely for one particular class of those that demanded our charity; its injunctions did not only fall on us with regard to those kinsmen according to the flesh— our immediate friends, but even in reference to our enemies. (Cheers.) It went down to the lowest stratum of society — to those poor unfortunate ones we all must look upon with a shudder, feeling that they were all but lost—lost for eternity. Even for these the Christian's Book speaks out in tones of tho richest fervour : " Neither do I condemn thee ; go and sin no more." And so that blessed Book told us to go down to the lowest stratum of society ; and if we could get the most degraded to listen to those blessed words they would be raised and angels would rejoice in their conversion. But compare with this tho spirit of paganism and infidelity ! (Cheers.) Then look at the action of these charities, coming down as they did to the aborigines of this colony, ex- tending to Polynesia, and over tho vast conti- nent of India. Everywhere did we come but we passed over no class. (Cheers.) To the Pagan who had scarcely but a very tear for a brother the blessed book came like a ray of light through the windows of morning ; it exerted its wonderful influence on those things which regarded the physical ills and wants of men, and even in reference to those troubles which sank deeper into the human heart ;-for there were ills harder to bear than poverty, and trials more severe than those which could affect the body. Every time the sun rose fresh upon the world, how did it write unto us ? " Day unto day uttereth speech, and night , unto night showeth knowledge," said tho Psalmut It sometimes inscribed the great command it had to give us in blood. Sometimes it wrote in its daily page the death of those near and dear to us. Every morning it looked fresh upon some new made - widow and orphan. Here were claims for sympathy, but "the heart knoweth his own bitterness," and a stranger intermeddled not. How could a stranger intermeddle when the eye of the bereaved rested on , tho vacant chair-when the loved one had gone, when she felt how cold and blank the world had become— when she was left to breast the billows alone in which ; the strong swimmer had sunk ? For her the bitterness of death was past. The poor orphan, looking around for sympathy and help, could see nothing but thc cold grey eyes of the world and the green grass over his father's grave. No stranger could intermeddle there, but the Book of God could come where no human voice could penetrate-the Word of Him who was with God and who was God who 1 knew what was in "man, and ' what alone could cheer, the poor mourner's heart. Here was another claim for the circulation of the Book of God. (Applause.) But -not only so : he had already asked .the question-what was.it that as a city we were most proud of ? we might put the wider question-what was it of which this age was most proud ? If we took up the daily newspapers -the reviews, or books on general subjects written in the spirit of tho times, we were told that this was the age of pro- gress ; the grand age of tho discovery of gold, the age when science had achieved her greatest wonders-the age of telegraphs and railways : these things were great but then we were also told about the awakening of the universal mind, that the school- master was abroad ; that the spirit of the old artist was being rekindled, and that art was becoming a bright beneficent and beautiful thing again, and that the soul of music was breaking forth upon us once more like tho dawn of a beautiful sunny day. (Applause.) Wa believed these things; they were great and glorious, and we were ready to give honour where honour was due ' for - invention and cultivation. But he woald ask what . brought these "things to pass ? What was it gave an impetus to those arts and sciences? What was it that gave beauty to our institutions and polish to our literature ? He was not going to say there were no arts, no sciences, no literature befare the introduc- tion of Christianity in its fulness, for he knew better than that The spirit of the living Gnd coming down upon man with those natural endowments ho had gifted him with permitted him to achieve much; but he did say history proved it was not a mere coinci- dence, but that the two might be. joined together as cause and effect-that wherever we saw .in any age tho progress of the arts, tho cultivation of the. spirit of science, great inventions coming out,' literature making its. way through all the ramifications' of society-there we found an open Bible-so that the two were conjoined and might not be separated. (Applause.) It was true the grandest works of art had come forth only at religious call ¡ it was true that I the sweetest hymns" we had in our churches, aye, and our homes, too, were produced by religious hearts.' ' He did not 'mean to say a man that .was not a ' Christian could not do these thing«, but he did say that if he were a Christian he could do them far better. (Cheers.) Those highest things- which men loved-those . things which . sank deepest .Into the universal heart, whether of litetature or science, had for. their authors, ' or inventors. Christian men, .and were dedicated to the glory of Christ and the advancement of His kingdom: (Applause.) Ha looked upon the. Bible Society iii connection with the great question of- politics, not1 in its narrow, but in its, widest and truest sense. ' H6 waa not about to introduce into the meeting anything Uko tho'question of party politics, far from it; he meant to usa the wordin its true sense, and not as it : ?was degraded by common use : it' muBt bo looked i upon in connection with the spirit of the'Book of God, and the *wo would ba found to be . infinitely moro conjoined' than we' were ' at ' . first, sifrtit ,.-ready : to: believe. (Cheers;) ~ There were one or. two things ne. . would like to put before tho meeting-facts of history-which there was no denying. Ho would ask what gave the first deathblow to slavery ? What was it in tho age when Borne was «ll powerful-when tho grate of.those living- under Rome's Government »-J? bondage-that first spoke the word af hope, 1*4 ' the slaves their freedom ? The answer wai ¡a J* school histories. The spirit of CHiristianily-^r^ mucb indirect and .commanding termsMla 2! spirit of Christianity; opposed to any mtnbtaiiü in bondage by his brother man "come down nj**,? theory and overthrew it, ' and man |¿?¡ free with ' the freedom of Christ Tesasv (AjmS Then again wo saw .the contests of men for Vj? ment in social' influences-the hattie of claij »jjv? -the lowest trying to obtain the highest poaht? what waa it gave them power and might it in.the days of feudalism met the maded wirri» J .topped his mad career ? -what was it put a \¡t¡£ ignorance and might, and sometimes to. »eaniL., was it not tho dissemination of the'truth aTitfcu Jesus. (Cheers.) What was it gave freedom ts ;] teUect-freedom to the bodies and souls of aJl was it ' not that glorious fight which ¡¿j fought in tho day-dawn of the Refomj^l relying ou the opon Bible, written malangatetú the German people could understand? He3 not the powers arrayed against him, and with tVb] of the Almighty Spirit of God he came off nona conqueror. ' (Cheers.) Theso were things we'sj! not deny, and many other instances ho could rnTg tithe and justice to those -who were to speak v\ ' ax himself would not permit him to do so. Hew like, however, just to make this remark irith ft political advancement and progress ; wita ig endeavours to educate, to civilize and to reaoe-ij all our cultivation of useful arts and sdeteei, should find that a nation might perish notmtlate, its high state of cultivation if it ¿ad not WÜJÍJL which would give a basis and a fonndation-ari tho Word and truth of God. (Cheers.) Wera be j for proof of this, he could give many prooí¿ H,_ point to those old nations now become numbered* tho things of the past-which seemed to ttl ahí ttsnt ghosts walking over the graves of former w cence. You remember the history of Athen, ¡j that beautiful land of Greece I There it mi Qj first built her mountain home ; there it united, she hurled back the hordes of Aait ; thevj shook defiance to and bent not before the sjA] tyrants; there thoseiencesfirBtripenedmtobfi^f. everything refined and polished sought to imsi' haart to noble melody ; there lived poets waga* sweetest ' strains ; there philosophers whee* ¿¿ have como down to us on the page of history, td j sought to teach moral truth which the world wtdl, willingly let die ; thc historian was there-teetij the artists-there was everything that Cooli !» j sired in the orator and the philosopho-h ; arts and In the sciences. But when thc gmt rn of the Gentiles went among thom, even in úutsj of Greece-when he was m that Athens, wig» streets, and conversing with its sophists sad j¿a phcrs-hts spirit stirred within . him, fr1 saw the city given to idolatry. In conjitnrfiaj its refinements, its intellect, and its progtcttq (j tica! freedom, it wanted thc great and íoHt«¿¡ thc truth contained in the Boole of God-a kami of that which waa highest in die human sod; d became a poor degraded thing. It was Qtm.\ living Greece no more. (Applause.) Take tiela* Borne when almost at its greatest-when id kp went forth under. Augustus, and went only tons \- when she had gained possession of almojttlift world! Would he not have been a bold oct should have said, in a little time that n$ empire would- totter and fall ta { ground ? And yet the man with a prophet ? mi imbued with the spirit of Christianity, aijtJlj done it as he sat in one of the galleries of the Cf seum, or viewed the arena, where hundrediofi and wild beasts were collected-where maa ai: or man and beast contended ; and where Qniá " Butchered to make a Roman holiday." As he read their meaning, as he looked ronni B those Roman masters, and heard the echo oí É Toices-as ho saw them delighting in the caji strewed before them-might he not have pm Rome's decline and fall? (Applause.) Wem this the great doctrine of the Almighty's deslbpt man. God would not permit a nation, hnq great or however rich in commerce and in erentl that could render it physically great, to renie hf* name and Hvo in constant idolatry. Whs: measure bf Rome's guilt was full-when Pull preached-when the missionaries went theres find a home in the catacombs-God permiso northern barbarians to swarm against her, anil bent the knee1 and became a conquered' fbi I was much impressed with one remark. -whlcUmVl so beautifully mode by tU« Lord Bishop cf (fi which was, that if we had any deep lore for tb li Jésus Christ we could not fail to faire B and love for his Book-that if in ms had profited by its teaching we should be dent putting that teaching in the hands of others. Xs supposed there was not a Christian preurtl had gone back to the past and, playing with Bi agination,- had allowed it almost to call mis present-aa if Jesus was with us again-Bail were ready to wish they could look upon kia; I in thc days of our own' corrow and mcunàj when we saw sadnesB in the hearts of others ni wishful'to go to Jesus and say our ÊfrnmHî brother was sick; or in - that - dark rugbt u death had entered our home, and. ital loved ono was lying there, ' never ta ti onr heart again-how ofttimes had they wilbla, could go to Him and say, " Lord if thou hi&i; here my brother would not have dird." fflfl hearts were filled with- doubts and fem-vi* seemed as though the world with ita terrible pa and cares would bo too muoh for ns-in thews how we wished He stood by-our aide ! Tables was impossible: He had gone, but He had'left was expedient for his Church that He shooldfi as a divine legacy he had given hia blesied baft then they would wish to look upon Ss "the flesh-if they desired once more to W those grand and glorious miracles He perforad t earth ; if they wished to listen to such inàtt those He delivered on Beatitudes-to those p? parables which tho world would never let dit; 'i' wished these things for themselves and for enfl^ they must take core' that the Book of God ti ceived by all: (Cheers.) The workman mut* a wealth tho world-could never give ; the-ufe' ploughed tho billow with oar merchandise arft of a haven more beautiful and of a sea wast' were'no wives OP stormy winds. . ( Applause.) * class and condition1 of men must hare Ûu jj Book. (Cheers.)' It had dono much, andhiijH In its success. It had done glorious wak M colony, and he hoped by the blessing of God ¡1*1 db infinitely more. It comforted thc weil»! mourner ; it answered thc poor heart tb«t aiei*j must I do to be saved ;" freedom, bodily andB*j might not merely be carried over the -higa the earth, but it took to itself wings sod those" pisces where sin and misery s&t; dcm Üfl* Not yet, however;"were all its triumphs won¡ *"¡ Was the glorious fight ended ; wo hui » J heard thc cry '* Hallelujah, ? ? the Omnipotent reigneth," but the time WM " Aa I live, saith the Lord¿ my glorv sk»B f[J earth," and one of the means, one 'of tbi »I* by which the Church would bo instrumentalo? pushing this would be by toking the B**¡V and putting it into every home, from tW « Governor-General of this colony to th»tof IW" bleat of our fellow creatures. (Continued appin Tho resolution waa then put and carried mously. ".., J The Rev. Hoon DAHL INO mid that ht W>», to perform of & very different nature frota v» ordinarily fell to tho lot of speakers at me** tie present-one that called for gratitude a» «J the past, and joy for the future-the PM*\¿ hon coming like a ray of light acrc^the «|*r , gloom that depressed them. The very I*I*?L 1 resolution was refreshing, "and to abo* i that it was BO, it"ron as follows ¡-""ITist"»"! [?gratefully acknowledges the continued inte», 1 tested hythe Parent Societv toward* tbs rejoices.in the increased usefulness of thstPr noble institution in all parta of thc worimi u7fl_ resolves to send £500 aa a free contribution H" Auifliory towards its fonda." >Vh>t.^l would not rojoico in such a resolution «a **? .Vj not all that had the present cause « T2¡¿»j! idea of being able to ' aid in . mèntr Only when men, died vrts » efforts wore appreciated : whilst they 1*«, tojï. thc; mind to their worth; and . arfBlTfJLI on acknowledgment of their aerviect. AIlT1] there was no further rivalry;'and ^mj»^ £ had ceased to beat and the spirit sowed in. .flights., the. world accorded that- meed o ff tion which it bid denied to . them whùit BW with m'en, so was it with Institutions. "Jj; Tgood they might achieve, ? however Pr8~aii« .object for"which they were originated, on* j» that crowns' their eXrts, men were d*y lg, der. acknowledgments of the worth '?^at7r^ institution. . That meeting, however, now herora them had done all this. T>¿ recognised, in the moat împr««tfe ÏTTpjji valuó of the parent society, and he couioj?^ 1 them that the parent was quito worthy « branch society could do for it. Its object was indeed a Divine ono-it was not itself the tree of life, but it was a branch of that tree, that absorbed the dew; not one either that uselessly consumed the moisture.. or ' obscured the light of heaven, but one that bore fruit every month with which to feed the hungry and refresh the weary ; it was one that sought to place in the hands of every human being a copy of the Word of God - of that Word which was the enlightenment of the ignorant, the stay of the faithful, and the salvation of the lost. No doubt, im- perfections may be seen in the Society by ita enemies ; for where was the institution that it was not in the power of envy or malice to find out a wrong thing? But let them remember what had been the amount of good that it had accomplished, and what was the vast object that ifrsought to gain. It sought to ameliorate the state of man when he was debased ; it sought to infuse the germs of civilization whero now was barbarism; it sought ends higher and nobler even than i these; yea, for by giving to perishing mortals the book of. books, that contained a balm for all our wounds and a solace for all our woes, they aimed at not only dispelling the doubts and dissipating the' fears,' but also at enkindling hopes and furnishing im- mortal peace to the dying. Even looking at the Bible as a mers piece of literature, it was Without exception ' the best book of that kind in the world. And it must needs' be so, since as an inspired work it was of heaven-heavenly. It' contained more sublimity of thought, more doctrinal learning, more strains of piety, and charms of composition, than could be culled from amongst the works of all ages. : As a book of literature it was, one that had engaged the attention of the master minds of all ages. That mental giant, Locke, was humbled before the majesty - of the glorious truth it contained. Samuel Johnson had sat as meekly as Mary at the feet of Jesus, listening to the words of grace that came from this most precious book. Diderot, the French infidel, was caught by a friend giving lessons of truth to his daughter out of this holy book. So with many others .that he could enumerate,- the persecuted and unhappy Lady Flora Hastings ; in this volume found her only consolation and pavilion from the strife of tongues, and, dying, bequeathed it in beautiful lines as a legacy to her mother. Oh, would not men be happier and tho world better if this holy book were more frequently appealed to. A pious ?widow- woman on being spoken.to about her Bible described it as tho joy of her eyes and the staff of her! age, Her trust" in affliction, her support in need, her comfort in life, and she trusted it would ; be her hope in tho hour of death. Viewed in this light then, the Parent Society was ?worthy of, and deserving the thanks of, the whole world. ' But what availed words?-they passed by and became as dreams of the night-even as a tale that was told. It was different, however, with this Sooiety, for it not only gave an acknowledgment and rejoiced in tho usefulness of the Parent Society, but it pre- sented a substantial proof that it agreed with it in all things. 'Most sincerely did he rejoice that this Society ?was able to do this, and earnestly did he pray that it might continue in tho same course and be increasingly enabled' to put this precious volume into the hands of thousands^ that those now sitting in darkness might Bee the light and be enabled to rejoice ; and that in tho fulness of time it might become a parent Society itself from which many other branches might spring, to diffuse the light of the Word of God throughout the dark places of the earth. The Ref..J. G. MILLARD, in rising to second the I resolution, said ho could not stand before such an audience as he then saw assembled without feeling thatit .was an impressive and imposing sight to behold so many persons there congregated for the promotion of so praiseworthy an object as that they had in view. Mere numbers alone were, however, no test of strength ; . and . it was only when they gave proof that the whole of that large concourse was actuated' by one sentiment and feeling, and that every eye and every heart waa intent upon one object alone, that they were led to feel and to ad mire the full force and value of numbers. Ho rejoiced ?when he looked round that platform, and found him- self associated with ministers of so many Christian de- nominations, all banded together, and acting in unison for the purpose of disseminating God's Holy Word, not tortured or perverted to meet man's notions, or to bear out his prejudices-but pure and undefiled as it issued from Himself, the charter of man's immortality. Ho would not but believe that a Society thus sup- ported must bo efficacious in its results. Turning from the platform and looking at the meeting _ itself, composed as it was of members of so many different Churches, aU with the same object in view, and knit together by the self-same spirit, he could not but con- fess that it was a spectacle as impressive as it waa moving ; and he -was almost led "to think that this co- operation of persons and powers bore some resem- blance to that mysterious vision which Ezekiel saw. He felt much pleasure in seconding thi3 resolution; the more particularly as he could avail himself of the opportunity to advance, as far as laid within his humble means,' the interests of the British and Foreign Bible Society., It had been said, that " The Bible the whole Bible, and nothing but the Bible," was thc countersign of all Protestants ; and the British and Foreign Bible Society endeavoured to carry out thú watchword, ? for it aimed at furnishing every family in every nation with the pure word of God, written in th« mother tongue of each. Having such objects in view he would say, embalmed in the recollection of everj Christian heart be the memory of that man who first projected this valuable institution. In energy of pur pose this Society yielded to none, and by the zeal o those connected with it it had acquired a support am an extent that none before had ever known. Thus i was evident that God had prospered this Society abovi all its fellows. How many auxiliaries it had caliea into existence ! How vast the number of copies o the Holy 'Book that it had put into circulation Could they for a moment contemplate thi without .'being assured that the darknes of the world was less than when thi society first started ; by its means God had indee* blessed all patts of the world. In the early history e the society it was said that a powerful engine ha been set m motion for good ; and now they coul indeed look back, but without resting, to contemplât its works, and the results that had followed. Li them look towards the Celestial Empire of China, t the Eastern Archipelago, to India, to the chief State of'Europe, and in each would they find the Bibil Let them gp to infidel France, and they would find ; there ; to Popish Sptin, and it was there also ; eve in the City pf the Seven Hills itself it would be found am', with the continued smile of God upon the! labours there would soon be no people on the face < the earth without it. One circumstance that ha most struck . him as - being as singular as it waa. et couraging waa the .eager desire of all people to bocón possessed of the Book which it was the object of thi Society to furnish to them. He was Börry that tho ri port of the Parent Society for the past year had ni come to hand ; but, from private information he ht received, he-was enabled to state that, during the pa year, it had been found that in Sardinia, in Türke and in China the people had manifested the utmo avidity for the Holy Word; How was this} We they to believe that the time was soon to arrive whi the light should no longer shine in darkness, and tl darkness not be able to comprehend it ? Should thi not be led to feel encouragement from all this ! I thought they might, and he thought there could ' no better reason to account for this continued succt than by referring it to the influence of God's ho blessing upon their work. And this eagerness th was displayed for the Holy Book he thought to the noblest evidence that the Society was working o the views of Providence, and that the living G not only, went with them, but sent His Spi before to prepare the way for them. AH the peop' seemed as it were prepared for the Divine Words tl wero brought unto them by the Society, and for t divine tidings of redemption that came amongst the All this indicated the sweet freshness of morning tl heralded in the coming day. The resolution that 1 been entrusted to him recognised the great inter that the Parent Society had taken, and continued take, in this Auxiliary. This was evinced by I supply of books that had been furnished, whereby lasting benefit had been conferred upon the count But besides this, several of the churches of this cole stood indebted to this Society for the pecuniary assi ance granted to 'them; more particularly would'he re to the Wesleyans, to which body 'he belonged, having received most effectual aid from thia Socie He" would also more especially call to mi the very great assistance that had b tiven to missionary labour- by the grant by .ociety of numerous copieB of the ' Scriptures to Feejee Islands. During his brief career as a missi ary in the South Sea Islands he had often thought t if those persons who supported this Society could o witness the pleasure with which copies of the B Book were received by the interesting inhabitant these islands, they would have been more than sa lied with what they had done, and would be led to creased exertion and liberality for tho future. A proof of their affection for the book, he might raenl that he had seen a canoe. upset in a storm, whilst poor native immersed ' in the Bürgin g sea, with hand battled with the billows, whilst with the ol he held aloft his Bible, not cai what ha lost-if all his worldly posseeai sank . to the bottom-so that the Book were saved. Tho love of these poor people for the word of God, and their appreciation of its excellence should be Been to be fully understood and valued. He was sure that it would delight every pure minded Christian to witness the effects of the Bible' upon the South Sea Islanders, because there philosophy had -not, yet tried ita influence upon them, scriptural knowledge only having been brought to bear amongst them. And what had not the Bible here accomplished? Oh the Sabbath there was a silence'and a solemnity reigning amongst their villages such as was to be_ witnessed neither in Sydney nor London,-it had built temples that were thronged with ardent worshippers-it had clothed naked savages decently, and . had caused children heretofore neglected to be carefully reared, it had raised in prayer to heaven those arms that only a" short time before were red with slaughter. After the Bomana had possessed Britain for four hundred years, with all their cultivation of the arts and sciences, they left it not half so beautiful or so civilized as some of these islands had been made by the Bible in a space of less than twenty years. He concluded by hoping that they would have a good collection, because the amount of their gift was a fair exponent of tho working of the grace of God in their .hearts. The resolution was then put and carried nem. con. The Rev. J. DOUGALL rose to move the following resolution :-" That the following names be added to tho committee in place of those who retire under the sixth rule : Messrs. Johnson, Ford, Adam, Jones, Barker, and Campbell ; that G. Wigram Allen, Esq., be treasurer j and Eevs. Foster Ashwin . and S. 0. Kent be joint secretaries j and that the names of the Honourable James Comrie, M.L.O, and G. Wigram Allen, Esq., be added tothelist of vice-presidents of the institution." > He recollected at a former religious meeting in that room, a reverend gentleman said that if, in the days of Noah, the ark that had pre- served mankind from utter destruction, had to have been built by voluntary contributions, it would never have floated upon the waters of tho flood. Howevei true these words may be, he was glad to find that the funds of the institution whose cause they had met thal night to advocate, was in a very prosperous condition He was well aware that the gentlemen' named on tht committee would spars no effort to advance the inte- rests of the cause, and under their guidance he trustee it would go on, prospering. The present wai thc age of infidelity and rationalism, and i t required all tho efforts of those who had thi advancement of true Christianity at heart to counter act the evil tendencies of the teaching of those philo sophera who distorted tho doctrines of the Bible ti answer their own wicked views. There waa too grea an anxiety to eliminate the Gospsl amongst many men to the neglect of the great humanising influences ant precepts that were to be derived from a proper pe rusal of its divine pages. He trusted that the com mittee would have the blessing of God -upon thei labours, aud also that the Society would go on prosper ing moro and more. He had groat pleasure in movin; the adoption of the resolution. The Rev. J. VOLLE» seconded the resolution, whicl was unanimously carried. Csptain DUMARESQ moved, and Mr. W. S. MOUTR seconded a motion to the effect that his Excellenc leave the chair, and that thc same be taken by th Hon. G. Allen, M.L.C., and that the thanks of th meeting be accorded to his Excellency for his kindnes in presiding that evening. The resolution was carried with acclamation. His EXCELLENCY, in return, said that ho felt highl gratified at the compliment just paid him, and he als felt great pleasure in witnessing so large an assert Wage, and 'still moro at hearing the satisfactor report of the proceedings of the Societ during tho past year. He was ah glad to fihd that the Society was out of debt, and in position to make so liberal a contribution to the Farei Society. The different speakers had dwelt upon tl glory and the prosperity that had attended the effor' of tho Society, and the blessings which it had confer« upon mankind. Tho speeches had no doubt bec I listened to with great attention and pleasure, but b fore they separated he would address a few words . them. He was a plain-spoken practical man, and 1 would address a few words of warning. (Hear, heat He could hardly call' them warnin but a few words to impress mo earnestly upon their minds what he conceived toi their duty aa memters of the Protestant Churc and as members of the great Protestant communit Looking at the population of the colony he believi it amounted to 270,000, and if au estimate was ma he believed it would be found that out of that popul tion 180,000 belonged to different Protestant church! and if ho waa to put down 100,000 of that number of an age sufficient to enable them to value and u the Bible, he would he thought be under the mar Well there werel00,00,0 persona qualified to understai and value the Bible, competent to understand its dc trinea, and yet what did the funds of the Socic amount to ? They found on reference to the accoui that the subscription would not, from parts of the colony, mount to £11,000°, not shilling a member, not two-pence a member-that v ! about the contribution he believed, BO that if they wi to go through the whole of the colony and asked I j adult population-at all events, all those suffioieu old to read and value the Bible-to subscribo the to amount received by the Society, it would be a vt small coin indeed, so small that it would be hard name it. He saw there was another source of rever -that £1000 had been raised by the sale of the Bil But he would not call that sum - a contribuí to the Society, for the person who purcha a Bible had his money's worth, receii I a benefit. And really if a man purchased a Bible i the very lbw price charged by the Society, he must i ! that that man not only received his money's woi ' but ten times the worth of his money. These peo I ought to be called upon and induced to subscr liberally to the funds ; for those who experienced i derived a great benefit from the Bible should thinli their neighbours and assist in putting them alai possession of the Bible. Unless they showed a love I their neighbours, and contributed to their benefit in same manner that others had contributed to theirs, t I certainly would not be much benefited, or impres , by the truths of that holy book. Therefore, what wished the members of the Society to do was, nof much to look back to what had been already done, to congratulate themselves upon their past success, to look forward and see what remained to be dc They were continually to remember that although t had distributed ten thousand Bibles, yet that tl were many thousands in the community i in the first place had not got a Bible, and seconi who if they had, would not value it ; and agai should be remembered that a large portion of sod if they had Bibles, could not read them. While that subject he would impress u the Society, the absolute necessity existed for a more general education of the pee and the necessity of devoting great attention to education of the young particularly. (Hear, he And what he meant by the education of the ye was not a mero superficial education, but the ed tion in those principles of Christianity that were t found in the Bible-not a mere teaching them to and write, for he could not call that education, training them in the way they should go-trail them in the principles of tho Bible. They ' aware that this was the age when the schoolmt was abroad, and he must confess, as far as educt in the colony was concerned, that ho was abro that he was not at home, and tho sooner they go' schoolmaster at homo the better. (Applause laughter.) He would not detain them longer, b conolusion thank them for their kind attention. This concluded tne proceedings of the ever The doxology wa8 then sung, and a benediction ing been pronounced by 'the Bishop, the meei separated. 