ORANGE- [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT] I have just this moment returned from our township, after witnessing the interesting cere- mony of laying the foundation stone of an Epis- copalian Church. The attendance was very good amongst whom were most of the respectable inhabitants of our district, including persons of almost every creed. After the officers of the church were stationed in their proper places, the Rev. A. S. King invoked a blessing on the undertaking and read the 132 Psalm, after which Mr. W. Dale read the following paper : — " The Foundation Stone of this Place of Wor- ship, dedicated to the Service of Almighty God, was laid on the 21st day of July, in the year of our Lord, 1857, by William Dale, in the reign of her Majesty Queen Victoria, Sir William T. Denison,Knight, Governor-General, &c.;,&c.; The Right Revd. Doctor Barker, Bishop of Syd- ney, Metropolitan ; and in the Presence of the Revd. A. S. King. B.A., now in temporary Spiritual charge of the District of Orange. The Revd. H. Tingcombe, Incumbent of Carcoar ; and several Members of the Church of England and others desirous of promoting the religious advancement of the inhabitants of the Colony, and more particularly of those in the immediate neighbourhood.— Joseph Moulder, Hon. Trea- surer ; James Dale. Hon. Secretary. To the Orange Auxiliary Branch of the Church of England Society of New South Wales." This paper with a piece of the different coins of the realm were then placed in a large stopper bottled and deposited in a place prepared for it underneath where the stone was to be laid. While the stone was being lowered, the first three verses of the 18th Psalm were sung. Mr. Dale said he had for many anxious years been looking forward to the time when he would see a Church of England erected in the town of Orange, and that he was rejoiced to see so fare a prospect of realizing what he had so long hoped for. No district could flourish without Chris- tianity, and unless they had a public place of worship, they could not expect religion to be kept alive amongst them. He was just going to lay the stone on which their Church was to be built and he hoped they (his hearers) would all build on the " Sure foundation Stone." and eventually find their way to heaven, through the merits of their Redeemer. He then proceeded to lay the stone in the usual way, pronouncing these words — " I lay this Stone in the name of the father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and dedicate the building to the service of Almighty God. Amen. Mr. Tingcombe then delivered a very excellent address in which he dwelt at some length on the benefits consequent on religious observances, and concluded by offering some remarks with refer- ence to what appeared to him to be the way in which the money should be raised to pay for the Church, and urging upon the people the necessity of individual exertion. The doxology was then sung and the people separated. At 3 p.m. a public meeting was held in the Court house, on the subject of money matters, in conjunction of the Church of England. The Revd. Mr. Tingcombe was called to the Chair. The Chairman stated the object of the meeting and called upon Mr. J. Dale, the Secretary of the Society, for a statement of his account, the Secretary stated that the whole amount sub- cribed is £368 14s. 6d. of this £238 has been actually received, and £86 having been expended a balance of £153 remains in hand Thus it appears that £231 6s. 6d. will be required to pay the Contractors exclusive of the funds pro- mised. The following resolution was then moved by Mr Templer : -" That this meeting having heard the Statement of the Secretary relative to the funds of the Society, resolve that it is neces- ary that active measures should be taken to increase the number of Subscribers " Mr Warren seconded the resolution. The second resolution was moved by Mr. W. T. Evans, and seconded by the Revd. Mr. King :— " That the annual Subscription for the year ending August 1858, be urgently called for Mr Evans said that when this movement was first made, there appeared no difficulty in get- ting names added to the list. The " fever " was then very strong, but it had since amazingly abated. If the members of the Church of Eng- land were only to do their duty, there would be no complaining about money. He (Mr. Evans) was impressing upon the minds of his children the importance of contributing towards the cause of religion, and inducing them to give out of their own little private means ; the system of payments supplying their children with money for collections was a bad one and ought to be dis- continued. Every child in the district should be a member of this society, and he did not doubt, but the 12s. per year would be forthcoming from all, as all had funds of their own. Some who have been asked to become members have pleaded want of money, others have said they were too far to attend church ; to the former he would say, do with a little less grog, only four glasses a month, to the latter, if you don't benefit your children might, the, benefits of the Society are indended to extend to all Mr. Templer proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Tingcombe for his conduct in the chair, and for the kind interest he had always manifested in the spiritual prosperity of the district of Orange. Dr. Faville seconded the proposition. Mr T'ingombe suitably acknowledged the compliment. He alluded very feelingly to his past labors amongst them, and expressed the great pleasure it always afforded him, at their services to hear voices untiring in singing the praises of God from all parts of the congrega- tion ; it was heart-stirring. Although the good beginning they made when Mr. Synge was up had not turned out to his expectations, he still hoped they would retrace their steps and soon complete their church without incurring a debt. After a great deal of conversation respecting different plans for raising the required amount at once, the meeting separated. On Monday last the gold robbery prisoners were further remanded for a week. Henry Curran has been taken on warrant as one of the receivers. I read the report of your Bathurst Road meeting with a great deal of interest, and since unanimity was its prevailing characteristic, we might reasonably hope that something now will be done. You may rely upon the co-operatlon of the people of Orange in whatever you take take in hand to improve the state of 0ur thorough- fares. The time has arrived when we should unite as one man in advocating and claiming our just rights. Is it because these districts have advantages over other districts which point them out as the enduring gems of New Sorlth Wales, that we should passively submit to be deprived of our honest rights and see our money lavished away to benefit other and more favoured localities ? Methinks I see your answer. If we only had a rail or even a tram- road (I have no faith in macadamised roads) hence to Sydney, our mineral developments would soon surprise the world. And why not have one or other of these modes of com- munication ? Because water carriage was too expensive our senators in the exuberance of their wisdom must needs construct a rail to run parallel with our navigable rivers ; and now in consequence of the levelness (?) of the Southern road the rail must be extended to Goulburn Have we not contributed as much to the revenue of the colony as Argyle ? And is there not as much traffic on this as there is on their road ? The answers to these questions are known to all. Why then this favoritism ? For every mile of rail towards Goulburn or any where else, we have an undoubted right to a mile, which right must not be abdicated. But " a railroad is not practicable to Bathurst " Let us then have a tramroad which will answer our purpose for the time being, and bye and bye when the souls of our Legislators be- come a little larger, a practicable line will, no doubt be discovered. A friend of mine tells me that he once travelled on the continent on a tramroad a distance of 60 or 70 miles The vehicles was drawn only by two horses, and they went at the rate of seven or eight miles an hour, drawing after them 30, passengers. The wheels ran on wooden rails, something like those described by Mr Hawkins. In many places the gradients were quite equal to what they would be between this and Sydney, with the exception of two or three places, and there we might easily have some horses stationed. It's an old adage, that " while the grass is growing the horse is starving," and it appears to me that it very forcibly applies to our con- dition. Something must be done, and done quickly, ere we are entirely cut off from the metropolis altogether. What that something is to be I leave for wiser heads than mine to de- termine. Orange, July 21. 