THE MINISTRY. Toute Editor of he Hobart Town Daily Courier. a " Our sorrows originate in ourselves." ] r SIR-It needs no ghost to come from below to inform us that the present Ministry, as a body, have failed in giving satisfaction to public expectation. Why is this There are among them-disoernniout, intellect, and experience. There was also, on the people's side, a disposition generally to allow them a fair trial. Why, therefore, is it now so manifest that until a new ministry has tried its hand at government, and until much brawling and many changes have taken place, we are not likely to settle down under our new constitution in stable and steady working order ? There are, to my poor understanding, two especial causes first, the unbridled impatience of the public to behold radical changes, and great reduction in our national expenditure, immediately effected : secondly, a deep rooted suspicion in the mind of that same public, that the Ministry are aiming rather to patch up the financial state than merely to reform it altogether.' The 'budget' lately introduced by the Colonial Treasurer, and now be hotly discussed, must be allowed to have, in most cases, the merit of simplicity in the mode of its collection. There is most undoubtedly, a great deal of humbug in the popular cry of its oppressiveness to the working classes. Poor fellows As a class they oppress themselves much more than they are oppressed. Poor fellows ! Were it not for them, the inordinate number of public-houses, with their elaborate and costly fittings, could not be sus- tained much less pay their licences and general expenses. But, this is done; and, it must be admitted, chiefly by the wages of the truly independent, labouring, and working classes of this community. Poor fellows ; this is a stern fact. Revenons a nos moutons. Let us return to our Ministry. They are beginning to lack public confidence. This, also, is a stern fact. As I have already hinted, they do not show themselves sufficiently alive to the absolute necessity of reduction and retrenchment Their propositions have not the effect of inducing faith in the public mind, that additional taxation once legalised, will not be adhered to tenaciously. Is it not possible, with a well devised scheme for economical government, to satisfy the public that the extra taxation now necessary to provide the estimates for the present year is only intended as a temporary assessment ? An honest and well digested programme ought in the course of three or four years to bring our estimates down to such a level, that with a moderate tariff the necessities of our Government could be supplied. But, unless the Ministry apply themselves to this end,; and unless they exhibit a sincere determination to carry out their measures with this view, and leading to this result their efforts will terminate in declamation and vexation. Upon no other terms will they be likely to hold office for any length of time. Upon no other proposition will they obtain the support of the alec for a of Tasmania. Satisfy the public that the increase in the tariff and other taxation are not intended to be permanent, and in return the people will not shrink from collective or individual responsibility, but cheerfully bear for a time the additional burdens. The public mind, however, is bent upon retrench- ment Reduction they look ' for-reduction they ought to have reduction they will have. To this complexion it must come. It must only be a question of time, and the earlier, without committing sets of injustice, the better. A Ministry thus prepared to grapple with the helm may succeed' in guiding the shattered State vessel to a safe anchorage.. Your obedient Servant, Looxia-0*. 