HOME & FOREIGN EXTRACTS. The Slave Traoe. — The New York Journal of Commerce states on the anthnrity of the U. S. dtpnly marshals, that the practice of fitting out slavers at th.it port -still continues, notwithstanding the efforts that have boen tnado to break it up. The enormous profits accruing from tlio business, aro moro than a match for tho terrors o' tho law. The business is conducted with grcat-sluewdno'S. Experienced and sagacious govern ment officers say that tho nefarious traffic may bo broken up by BO ainoimiiiK the law relating lo the ►hlpmcntof crewi, thnt vessels engaged in the American trado shall take none but Americans. Such a regulation, it Is be llcvod. would inflict no insuperable hards iii) upon the twenty-five cr thirty small ve«els legitimately eni;ag d in tho tra-ie. Tho crews of African hlavcrs arc iiivati (tbly foreigners. mo«tlv I'nrtueuuae, who nrrtiot 1 kelv to bo troubled w th conscientious scruples. Americans could not easily be induced to engage ill slave trading, excopt nndt-r false roprrscntationt;, in wbi 1. -ase tbe guilty p rtics would bu exposed. — Host-n Jvi.- . i.\ A New Leit is tiik History or Konsos, the Cr y s t a t. Palace Dktaitltkh. — Tbo Wet Uy Chronicle, In noticing the serious deifications of liobson,' the trans fer clerk, -says ; —The style in which liobcon lived, and the appearnnco which he kept up, ought to have bU£grs ted something iifco inquiry on the partof tho directors as to hio means. -His salary was but £160 A'year, and yot every morning he drove up to tho palace with a cur ricle and a pair of horses, which for t'eanty nndcymuic !ry, coukl piobably not be matchcd in Ixmdou, or rodo on ono of th- prettiest 'nags about town,' attended by his servant in: ii* cry. He hud also tlio famous trfttiug mare Kl ru, wlucli was accuslomcd 'to trot easily from the Crystsl Pala - 10 London Bridgo in twenty minutes, being at the rate of twenty miles iu hour ; or, as her ownor'fiequently boastfd, of 'boating the railway trains by sovoral minutos. Tho pair of horses which ho was in tho habit of driving wero sol I under the hammer for CV20. Never, perhaps, was' there such an instance of self-sacrificing exertion fnv a great public undert iking as that of a g-ntleman l-.ving in 'tliiB style consenting to do 'the daily drudgery of the duties of a clerk for the email consideration of XI 50 -a year. Qu stions were sometimes asked as to tho means he ; :.o.-sed, and satisfactory nnswtrs were always given. Among ? tlier things he sail that bis wifo bail Just suc ceeded to some property of £.W0 a year, and that ho was making ' large sums of money from tlie thoatres from tho performance of his play;s ; for it is not generally known that Rubson is the author of several play*. Among tho dramatic works which he has written aro Lovo and Loy alty, a piece -which had run over a hundred nightB, if we r. member rightly at the .\lnrylobune Theatre. Another of bis plays i.-- The Selfish Man His most am' itious work ho ever is Bi.mca. u play in five acts, which was under relu'.ai6al at Drury-lane up to th* timo of Itot^on's flight. The play bus been in print for two or thr e in jp t 'f, and it bears tlio following dedication To those who, believing in the realisation of the highest as pirations of the human mind, claim for tho drama tbe proud position or being one of tho chief means by which th.-t rcnhs .tion in to be attained, this play is respectfully ?dedicated by their very humble nnd obedient servant, William James RohBon-' It would havo been woll had the writer pon ered more deeply over one passage in his.pluy, in which ho makes tho haughty -Venetian lady aay — ? — ' Whit brier noit to twino around The goodly flowers of my better self? 'What demon urges me? What fiend directs? Why is it so ? Why, why so rivoted 'Onto thy fearful throne, Iniquity? Captivo led — captivo bound—unwilling slave, I must work on, and fill ray-destiny? J Oh, poor excuse! Oh, paltry argument! -Mine inwerd conscience recoiling shrinks From such false reasoning. -To feol I'm wrong. And still persist in wrong, marks me as accursed. With any gossamor X can conceal my face, ?But whero's the veil will hide my conscience from myself? I havo no tears, or 1 would drown my guilt. If drown'd 'twould rise a pallid corse, and damn My trembling soul uith its more fearful ghost.'1 Without the slightest notico orwarning, Mre. Itobson was expelled' from her -splendid reaidonco at'Kllburn, and drivcn;from ft Biuk bed, onjwhich she had languished for some timo past, under a most painful disease, and arrived almost ponniless at Brighton, where she now remains in a most precarious state of health. Tax Water Khlpie.— -A Curious Case ov Faktasy ?in the Hioiilanos. — Tho Elgin Courier given the follow ing account of on extraordinary caBe of fantasy which recently occurred on tho side of -Loch Evort in North XJiat : — A few weeks ago, a person named Donald Fer guson was lifting a trout net that was set the evening previouB, on one df the lakes lying at the foot of the hill. The morning was fine and calm ; tho surface of tho lake lay unruffled like a sheit of glass reflecting tho neigh bouring eminences; the plaoo being bo retired, all around was deep silence. The fisher was alone in a small boit, and was in tho act of:pullingin thenct easily, when BUddenly ho hoard, as it wero, something plungo in thc water on ono side of him. He eoolly looked about, and'to his in iescr bable horror he saw, at the distance of about foity yards, whit at first seemod'to him a Beat with its head above tho water. But, as ho continued to look nt it with no small degree of terror nnd amazomcnt, it gradually reared itself above the water, till tho part visible amounted to no less than what appeared tho head and neck of a horeo of prodigious sire, without mane ox any hair whatovor, but a slimy 'black skin like that of a porpoise. After undergoing this apparent metamor phosis it moved a-littlo nbout in tho wdtcr ; and, on fix ing his glaring cye« on the boat, he mode ottromendoua rush towards it. The poor man staggered, his bl -od ran cold, and ho perspired to excess; but, 'to his infinite gra tification, he-saw the unearthly monBter, wbilo yot ut a distance, sink do*n. Tho man, who was of uncommon porsonnl strength, and -nbt vory prono to supo'Btltion, did not altogether lo n his self-posswsioii, but set about getting tho oars in^bolr proper'place-. in order to batako himself to the shore with all speed. But horriliU dictu I on raising his eyes, ho beheld close to the stern of his small skiff, thu flgtiro of a man of huge proportions, standing up to the middle in the water, staring him full in the faco— end, hcaveus! nh.it a look ! His head was nulte naked, and his skin was of tho same description as that of the former horrible shapo, but in every other respect tho figure resomblod a human boing, but out of all proportion as;to sizo, nnd of ft rather unearthly and grim appearance. As soon as tho fisherman 'reached tho nhoro, he vory hastily disembarked ; but ho foil sick, and, sitting down on a fragment' of rock, ho vomited copiously. , Tdiinek. — As for tho sea, ' bleas .you 1 rb a sailor would Bay, he know ifby heart,— knew it's 'long roll and thundeffcrarih— it's whirlpools ond death-troughs — it's it's swoop and run — it's pond and sparkle — it's laugh and frown — it's tremendous anger and it's treacherous rippling c4m. As for Bky, ho knew it as the larlc or the angol. It's brood reachos of sunlight — ifc.s shoalu of ?crimson, and yellow clouds — it'fl purple mirages— it'fl bine Boas end dovo- ooloured vapours— It's biaica of fiozao and it's radiating suiisct llre- fuuntalna, Snoir and hail, stnrm and vnpour.'ho'kopt in littfo prisons of liis brain, just a* ono keeps fish in tho tank or a fishing boat. If ho did but bend his brow, a thousand genii : rose to glad him, loiie. ncgloctcd, old, sad, choorloss, in Qtioen Anne street, with nothing to {terrible want) and nothlngtohope— -but clntnmy Westminster Abbey fstno! Hub hut Ills five colours in n glistening ring upon his crankod warped pilot to, and auou rose nround him tho bluowlnged gonitis of tlio air, (a groat lover of (list sour, il old misor,) tlio flaming nnjrel of the sun, tho dark spirit of tho Undine wave. Tnl!t of the Arabians mng c carpet, why ho had but to sit his foot on his stained hearth-rug untl ho was in a moment, swift as a thought, riding on a falling nvnlaiiche or sliding on n slant Rtitihe ill down a palace wall at Venice. — Alkmicum. 1'AsittoNA ale IiiTELMor.KcK. — At a psrty tho other cvbniux tlioro weru pre-ont »ix y -uhr ladies, a'tindin tho hoigbt — or rather width — ol fashion, tho ci I'titnfor enco of whose united dress dnotly 'Oqualled that. of Astley's cireu». It «?»- cilculited by n.enior nranglor who attended, tbat if tho material of whioh the tlx dresses wtiro oompi-»ed had been cit into strips uf two lnohes wide, it would havo roachod fuiir times ronnd tho dome of St. P .uI'b; while tho air-tubes with wbioh the »kirt-- were expaudod would, if placed end to ond, hi»vu very considerable overtopped tbe monument. Somo idea may bo formed of tho labour whioh the prei-ont mo'dt hai-rendered'neces.ry wbonwe Btatethstto fill tho air-tubes of a-single dress it takes the most ex pert lady', maid, upon an arorago upwards of throe hours and a quarter, even with tho holp of a good-sixo pair of bellnwi. Americau Sako Froio. — Far nway from the great cities, half hiddon ill the foliage, was tho modest 'log-' hut of a man, half-trapper, half-fisherman, and moro than half-savage. Of courso liis name is Smith- Ho was married, and ho and his wife, -in this ono littlo chamber led tho happiest of cxistencc. Ono evoning about sun-, down thoy wore beth together -in iheir little cabin — she knitting^tockings for the noxt wook's shows, boolean ing the barrel of his fowling, pioco, all tho parts ofwhich were demounted about htm — both busy, and neither utterod a syllable. By degrees a ilu 1 but regular sound breaks upon tho-el'onoe of the wildorncis. The steamer is ascending theriver, making iin wayogainit the stream, llut neither Smith nor his wife pays any attention : ho ?ncs on cleaning his gun, she knitting lier stockings. The nlr, however, darkens ; a thick smoko rises up on overy cide ; a formidable ex plosion was heard ; ono would have said that it was a discharge of several cannot at onoo. Tho boiler ha I hur«t ; tho 'Vessel was Ruuk; everything was destroyed 'Smith and his wife did not look up ; ho went on cleaning up his gun, she -knitting h.r stocking, for explosion of ttenm .ifi nrefio common. -Bot this was one which was to inteirKt thim-tnorc near-y. for ecurcely had tlie explo sion en tod, before thc roof, of the cabin ipllt in'two, and somi thing heavy de«cende-d through the aperture. This something w -s a mian, who dropped between the pair, without, iiowover disnirbiug either — ho Bt'II cleaning his gun, she -still knitting her stocking. But tho tra veller so rudely introduced, -loemed rathfr astounded at nt h;B descent, rtfier a'few minutes, howuver, hero sumed his coolness, and began to loolt about him, fixing his attention at In-l upon tlio hole through which ho had just arrived. Ah! my rann. -said lie, at length, ad drus.lng Smith, ??what's the- damng'? On th s, Smith, who had not given up tiic work, put aside liis rifle, and looking up to cstim te his los-, -after Bom o riflection, said ' ton dollars.' ' Vou bo 'banged ! exclaimed tlie traveller. 'Last week, in an explosion'l hnppenod to^bo in with anothor ittiumer, I fell thro .gh' threo flights In a new house, ?and'they only chargwl rao five dollars. No, no. I kn'Av^what B-the tiling in such Blatters, litre's a couple of dollars; andif that won't do go and sue m-, and bo hanged ' — M. L. Alcmbcris Tour in America. ? Enolisii Manliness. — Tbo English are rather manly than warlike. Whon the war is over, the mask fall's from the affectionate nnd domestic tastes which make them women In kindness. This union of qualities is fah!' 'I in their national -legion of 'Beauty and tho Ben i,' or long before, in tho Greek legend of ' Herma phrodite' Tbo two rexes are oo- prescnt in the Knglish mind. I apply to Britannia, queen of seas and colonies, the words in which her lotost novelist pourtrays his heroine—' K!i» is as mild as she is game, and as game as sho is mild.'' The- English dtliglit in the antagonism which combines in one person the extremes ol courage and tenderness. Nelson, dying At Trafalgar, -sends his lovo to Lord C'ollingwood, and, like an innocent school boy 'that goes to bid, S'.ys, 'Kiss tne, Hardy,'' and turns to slcop.' Lord Collingwood, his comrade, was of a nature tho mo:t affectionate nnd domestic. Admiral Rodney's figure tp.'roaehcd to delicacy nnd effemi nacy, and Ire d :larcd himself v.ry ?eensihlo to feir, wh'ch he su mounted nly by consi 'cratiun-. of honour an I pir lie duty, Clarendon s y the Duke of Buckingham wis so molest and gentie dut-smic cour tiers attempted to put affronts on him, until they found tbat this modosty and effeminacy was only a ura^ lor tho most terriblu deter. niu t on And Sir James Parry said tho other day of Sir 'John Franklin, ' that if lie found Wellington sou id open, lie woul I explore it ; for he was a man whon ivc,- turned his back on a oaiiger yot of thnt tenderness t iat he would not brush away a mosquiio.' Kven -f-r their highwayman, the ^ame vir tue is claimC'l, and Robn Hood comes rfoscrihed-to uf a millismiits prcedomtm. thegontlei-t thief. 'Hut' they know whero thrir war dogs lie, Cromwell, Blake, Marlborough, Ch&tham;, Nelson, and Wellingtou, aro not to:tlJ trifled with, and : the brutal utrtn^th which lies at ihe bottom of BO'dety, the animal ferocity of the quays and cockpits, the bullies of Ihe costermongors of Shoreditch, Sevon Dials, and Spitalfields, they tnow how '-to wake up. — Emerson's English Traits, 