SELECT POETRY, THE BOY OF THE LIGHT-HOUSE. (From " Putnam's Monthly Magazine.'') Across a league of angry breakers [ And three of waste and drifting sand, With curlews wading in the shallows And white gulls fishing off the land : A beacon on the far horizon, Nearer, a tower all worn and white, A light-house half, and half a prison, With rusted gratings round the light. Barren the shore and unfrequented, And fretted ever by the sea; And such as these were his surroundings, A hero and the last of three. On the long swell from the Bermudas While great Orion climbs the sky, Remote at sea, in night and silence, Like ghosts the unseen fleets go by. On tossing in the wide Atlantic Impetuous dash upon the lee, When the low coast with mists is hidden, And white with foam is all the sea. Ah, what endurance and endeavour Were his who watched between these bars, Through those drear nights when wildest tempest Shut out the earth, the sea, the stars. Serene the early autumn morning, Fair skies, light breezes off the shore; When the two keepers of the beacon Sailed from it to return no more. Up through the gates of the Antilles Coastwise the driving fog was piled, By the fierce gusts of the tornado, And the great waves raged white and wild. Shoreward from sea and sedgy marshes The sea-birds toiled to reach the main, Drifting aslant before the tempest, Bewildered by the hissing rain; Around the tower with cries discordant Wheeling in oft repeated flight, They caught on wet and glancing pinions The gleam of the revolving light. Through the rain-blurred and beaten casemen Each following each in endless chase, Flashed bars of light pursued by shadows, In wider circles round the place; Flashed over sands aud sound and inlet, And leagues of sea lasheii by the gale, And past the shoal and dangerous headland In safety guided many a sail. And direful wreck had been, and drowniug Where wreck had never been before. Had it but faltered in revolving And seemed some casual light ashore. Three nights of storm, on the horizon A star by turns to sea and sound— Did mortal hand light up the beacon And trail the glittering lamps around ? For in the whirlwind's sudden fury, Just where the seas aud currents crossed, Whelmed in the merciless Atlantic Both keepers of the light were lost. It was a child of years yet tender Kept lonely vigil in their stead, Nor knew that in the hollow surges Boiled sire and grandsire stark and dead. He thought of tales of shipwreck dreadful On coasts sea-girt and lying low, Of wretches lost in the Atlantic,— And set the glimmering lamps a-row. Poised in its well within the tower, A ponderous weight controls by night, Through multiplying wheels and pinions, The revolutions of the light. How long he toiled—a child's endeavour— At the stiff crank to raise this weight, While darker rolled the ocean ever, And wind and rain assailed the grate; How his brave soul remained undaunted When all his childish strength was vain, While deeper night involved the ocean, And wider beat the wind and rain ; Until disjoined from wheel and pinion, Studded with lights a sparkling reel, Round and around in bright gyrations He drew at last the cumbrous wheel. 'Twas when tbe furious tornado On the fourth day had ceased to blow, And there were wrecks from Corrientes To the pino shores of Pamlioo ; They came in boats across the surges, In which the keepers twain were drowned, And found him by the wheel still kneeling— A poor dead ohild was all they found. If 'twas of hunger that he perished, Or thirst, or stress of long fatigue, Or all conjoined,—who e'er can tell us ? Witness was none for many a league. Give, 0 blind world, your loud applauses To men renowned through blood and tears; Not thus that nobler hero triumphed, Aud these are not among his peers. 