COUNTRY COMMENTS ON PASSING EVENTS. BY PETER 'POSSUM. A GENTLEMAN, possessing large imaginative power, and a small property in the neighbourhood, has, I believe, christened my present Patmos, "the Austra- lian Brighton." The pale palaces of Kemp Town would turn still paler with suppressed passion, curbed aristocratic scorn,-- stern would be the stucco frown upon their battlemented brows, were they aware of the appellation; and every house on the Parade, red and podgy as its bourgeois lodger-inmates, and pro- vided with green shades as though, notwithstanding its in-Guardian-advertised "first-rate site," it had sore windows, would blush a deeper aldermanic red, puff out, like a turkey-cock, in portlier swell, and blink its bulging ophthalmia-smitten panes in mingled superciliousness and shame, did it know what a parvenu township at the Antipodes had been set up as a rival, honoured with the name of its magnificent borough. Sooth to say, the resemblance between the Illawarra and the Sussex Baiæ, is of a very Monmouth and-Macedon description. There is a sea at Brighton, and there is a sea--a deucedly high one for the last few days-- at Wollongong; and there is--no, not "salmons in both," but mackerel in the one, and sharks in the other. Parramatta might as well be called the Australian Leeds,--Moore College the Aus- tralian Cambridge, Macquarie-street the Australian Westminster, as Wollongong the Australian Brighton. Our local journal doesn't publish a weekly catalogue of "fashionable arrivals"; I therefore know nothing of the number of our visitors, but I strongly suspect that, like the Herne Bay policeman, Campbell's List Man, and the one Bachelor of Arts of the American College that became bankrupt before a second degree was granted, I am alone in my glory. I really don't like to walk out--I feel so singular. I have sundry miles of beach all to myself, and the very waves seem to think it ridiculous, and hiss at me as I go by, or else run slily behind me and give me a drenching. Where are the bathing-machines? Where are the goat-chaises? Where are the troops of anelry and cavalry, propelled by donkey-boys and led by dashing riding-masters? Our Steyne is a soppy paddock--a muddy mess of weeds and water over which an invalid calf and a valetudinarian gander, sent hither, no doubt for the benefit of their health, and very fit fellow patients I consider them--mildly indulge in languid dissipation. Our chain pier might, in Robin- sic or Polackian phrase, be made the finest in the uni- verse; the making having yet to be begun. Our Shoreham is a noble haven, a basin able to contain at one time, when space is duly economised in mooring, the whole of our extensive mercantile marine--to wit, a steamer, a collier, a wherry, and a whaleboat. I was pleased to see a Wollongong pilot's salary down as one of the items in the Estimates for 1858. I forget the amount, but it ought to be handsome, considering the onerous nature of the duties. Nevertheless, though not exactly Brighton, Wollongong-- barring a weakness for flagstaffs, which gives its out- skirts the aspect of a blighted hop garden--is not a bad-looking little place, when viewed from a distance \--say, from the headland with the square black rock at its foot that appears to a fanciful mind like a Triton's trunk to be left there till called for, and over which the bounding billows leap like idle school boys. With the evening sunlight on it, indeed, the township even looks pretty; nestling beneath the protection of the wall-like range of high, dark, wooded hills that rise behind. A very pleasant residence, too, is Wollongong, just now, for those who love solitude, and think you can't have too much of a good thing. I dare say, moreover, that those who are not Zimmer- mans like Wollongong during the "season"--when there is something besides sea-weed, sponges, and smashed shells, to be seen upon the sands. In one re- spect, however, Wollongong is a detestable place; and that is in a postal point of view. All hope of regular mails resign, who enter here! Some "pass" or other on the other side of the mountains is always getting impassable, and then the bags are sent by land; when the roads are good, to keep us waiting as long as possible, the mail is sent by sea. Kyrie Christie, eleeson! So far as bills are concerned, the delay may be a blessing, but it is a tremendous bore to be de- prived of papers. Last Thursday's Herald is the latest I have seen. A country reading-room when mails are long overdue, is a melan- choly chamber--a dreary museum of defunct interest. How fascinating a file of decaying Empires, Yass Couriers, or Newcastle Telegraphs, a fortnight old, Hobart Town journals of last June! I have used up the "local intelligence" of Albury, of Armidale, and Mudgee, and could pass a strict examination in the New Zealand, Swan River, Adelaide, Melbourne, and Victorian provincial papers. Inanitas inanitatum: omnia sunt inanitas! I wonder how any newspaper scribe--myself amongst the number--has heart to write, when he remembers that, ere seven days' dust has lighted on their heads, his productions will be, to borrow Mr. Macaulay's unflattering figure, "flat as champagne in decanters, or Herodotus in the version of Beloe." And did Cadmus import the alphabet for this? I exclaimed this morning, as, with a yawn that threatened lockjaw, I rose from my unsatisfactory meal--my cud chewed dry--of ephemeral literature. I believe that I should have given up the ghost for very weariness, had not the courteous librarian brought me a recent number of Blackwood. And even Maga proved a deceiver--an apple of Sodom, a grape of Gomorrah, Pisistratus Caxton commences a new tale in No. D; but he tries to be humorous after the fashion of Boz, and fails most lugubriously in the attempt--cribs little Nell, moreover, and spoils her in the stealing. Why should the baronet of Knebworth poach on other people's manors? Even in that wise, warm-hearted, winsome book, The Caxtons, the would-be Dickens- like sketches are overdrawn, and coarsely daubed. Sir Edward can do many things superbly; he is, indeed, almost a literary Pan in his marvellous many- sidedness. He should take a lesson from Pan, and, since he cannot grasp the warm life that flees from him, make "strange, sweet melody" upon the reeds. His world is a different world from ours; something above it, or something below it. Dickens's is our world, seen through the haze of sad or laughter-en- gendered tears. Thackeray gives us the very world, and makes us wear our hearts upon our sleeves when he takes his photograph. Currer Bell has compared him to Micaiah, the son of Imlah, on account of the boldness with which he rebukes the great; but he has a prophet's insight for us little folks as well. Four slips of comments with next to nothing to comment on, I call a pretty tolerable feat of brick- making without straw. To render my title, however, a little less like a fib, I am going ,to give an annotated abstract of a Melbourne breach of promise case, which has not been reported in the Sydney papers so fully, I think, as it ought to have been. Mr. Robert Muir, who appears to be as heartless a fellow as ever went unkicked, and Miss Flora Ca- meron, a bonnie Highland lassie, fell in love with each other during their voyage out in the good ship Mala- bar, in the year 1858. Flirtations on board ship, we all know, are very common occurrences. Books, chess, cards, scandal, even eating five times a day, like swine in training for a first-class prize at Baker- street, are excitements that soon cease to stimulate; and then the only resources left the unfortunate water-walled prisoners are to get drunk, to coo, or to quarrel. Ladies are not allowed to do the first, a good many gentlemen are afraid to do the last, but the second is an occupation innocent, agreeable, and open to both sexes. Who doesn't remember those delight- ful walks upon the deck, stars burning bright above and eyes glowing almost as bright below; moonlight on the heaving bosom of the main, and victorines, to ward off the night air, crossed over the ditto bosoms of the maidens? Of course, all kinds of soft nothings are talked at such times, and attachments spring up amongst the verdant young folk like buttercups in meadow-grass. Like buttercups, too, such liaisons wither, when the pilot comes on board. Mr. Muir's and Miss Cameron's fancy for each other, however, wasn't one of this class; but a genuine love affair--in fact, on the lady's side (Heaven help her taste!), and in fact, also, if words mean anything, on the gentle- man's. On the eve of his departure from the vessel, Mr. Muir, who is a pious young man, writes a note, half tract and half billet-doux, to his adorable; making her a formal offer, intimating his confidence that, "as far as we short-sighted beings can look," he will prove a faithful swain, and adding in a postscript "Pray for me!" (How well worth praying for he was, poor Flora has subsequently found.) Mr. Muir, also, writes to Cameron pere, requesting permission to open a correspondence with Miss Flora, promising--deli- cate young man--that it shall be "purely innocent, or at least as much so as frail mortals can make it." Mr. Cameron not replying by return of post, Mr. Muir writes to Flora to inquire what's the matter, sending his epistle on the sly--the romantic go- between being a carter. Mr. Muir renews his expressions of attachment, tells his Flora that he knows she is dying to have him, but she must try to be as contented as possible for the present, and pray for the pardon of her sins, and for him as a husband. He chronicles his commercial success, and remains her most devoted Robert. "P.S. I am quite well, R. M." Interesting intelligence! In his next letter Mr. Muir records the dying advice of a relative, who, with his latest breath, had recom- mended Robert to seek the one thing needful. As Mr. Muir interpreted the words, the counsel appears slightly uncalled for. But although the auri sacra fames is by this time gnawing furiously at the lover's vitals, he still is amorous enough to exclaim with more gallantry than grammar, "I would give a good deal of M'Ivor gold to see you, who is, please God, to be my own." His ardour continues unabated throughout a series of letters, in which business and beauty, ruling prices and religion, are jumbled in a most remarkable man- ner. Gradually the Geyser becomes less frequent in its emissions; still, when a jet does come, it is as hot as ever. The following letters will tell the sequel of the story:-- Ballaarat, 12th February, 1855. Duncan Cameron, Esq. Dear Sir,--Enclosed is a letter which I wish you would peruse before delivering; on it I need not comment, it speaks for itself, but ere you give it to your daughter it will be prudent in you gradually and cautiously to prepare her mind for its contents, for I almost dread the sudden effect it might have on a sensitive mind like hers. I have much wronged you and yours, and can scarcely dare hope for your forgiveness; but this crisis is inevit- able, and the sooner the better, for I feel that in truth, honour, and justice, I could never act otherwise. I am, most respectfully yours, ROBERT MUIR. "Truth, honour, and justice " compel a man to be a liar, a scoundrel, and a knave! Here is Mr. Surface's epistle--it does indeed "speak for itself!" Ballaarat, 12th February, 1835. Dear Flora,--I cannot any longer disguise my true feelings. You must have noticed that my communications of late were neither so warm nor so frequent as they had formerly been, although I tried to write in the same loving strain; but it is now impossible to act the hypocrite any longer, and, however much I must shock you, I must, out of justice to you, to myself, and all concerned, open my breast to you. Flora, though still dear, I do not love you as I did; and when I vowed truly and sincerely to love only you, and always love the same, I did not know myself. Flora, I am unworthy of you, and such love as yours. Being away from you, and being in other society, has estranged me from you, what I once thought was impossible. Flora, in leading you to the altar now, and giving you my hand while my heart was elsewhere--in giving the necessary vows I would be lying before God and man, and deceiving you worse than by making this con- fession. Still, dear Flora, I feel that I have done you a grievous wrong, perhaps the greatest wrong that a man has it in his power to do to a woman; but I would be doing you a far greater wrong to give you my hand without the heart, for I know you would scorn to have it on such terms, and I would be using a deception that would inevitably, sooner or later, show itself, and render you through life miserable. My conscience partially acquits me, as the will is powerless in mooring the heart; but the misery I fear I entail on you will always haunt me and make me unhappy. But, oh! if you can forget this wretch, do so. I am unworthy of you, and you have it in your power, I know, to secure a partner in life who will make you far more happy than I ever can. My love is too fickle, unstable, and inconstant for one of your worth and untiring affection. But, Flora, as I once offered and sincerely promised you my hand and heart together, if you still demand the former, my honour will make me give it you within three months. My heart, Flora, is no longer mine to give, nor is it worth your acceptance, were it possible for it to return to its legitimate channel. But, oh! Flora, think no more of a being who, in his present state of mlud, would only take you from a loving family and happy home to make you miserable. Flora, I respect you as much as ever, and would give all the world to love you the same; but what would I be to you with all the repect did I not love you more than any other creature on earth. Flora, you must forget this poor unhappy wretch, but do not depise me altogether, al- though I merit it; but neither will nor principle goes with my heart. I think it best that you show this to your father and aunt. I feel you will all despise, and almost (were it your nature) curse me. I have thought over this for weeks, until I am sick and distracted \--until I am forced to make this declaration, as being the only open, honest course. I would like to hear from you once, if only once more. Always respectfully yours, ROBERT MUIR. Legal proceedings having been threatened, "Dear Flora" is metamorphosed into "Madam":-- Ballaarat, 28th January, 1857. Madam,--About four weeks ago I was surprised to receive from a Mr. Jones, solicitor, a letter, intimating that at your instance he wrote, demanding from me £2,000 damages, for breach of pro- mise of marriage; and subsequently I was served with a writ suing me for £5,000. Seeing that these proceedings are utterly futile and uncalled for, I can scarcely believe that you are cognisant of their existence, much less that they are carried on with your sanction and by your consent. For your own sake, I regret that they have been instituted, as they are attended with, at least, one painful result,--they compel me to recall your attention to my last letter, to which you did not reply. In it, you may recollect, I said, in justice to you I was forced to acknowledge that my affec- tions and feelings had changed towards you, and that I no longer loved you; but, in the same letter I said, if under these altered circumstances you still demanded my hand I would go through the ceremony of marriage, thus redeeming my pledge, so far as was in my power to do. This letter you treated with silence--and I now offer you the same terms as I did then. If within one month from this date you reply to this letter, and say you will have my hand without my heart, sooner than for- feit my word, and regardless of my future happiness, I will go through the ceremony of marriage and become your husband. Should, however, this extended offer be treated with the same silence as my former proposal was, then, at the expiration of one month from this date, I shall hold myself free and exonerated from the imputation of having, even in the slighest degree, broken my word with you. I am, Madam, your faithful servant, ROBERT MUIR. To Miss Flora Cameron. A more blackguardly, unmanly sentence than the passage I have underlined, I think was never penned. I have destroyed your peace and darkened your pro- spects, says pious Mr. Muir, and lest I should be made to pay for my very Christian conduct, I gra- ciously offer to make you miserable for life. Fortu- nately Mr. Muir has been made to pay for his treachery to the tune of two thousand pounds. I gibbet him here for the benefit of nascent Muirs. Girls must be geese to break their hearts for such cattle: nathless it is well that the fickle Lotharios should learn that human geese's broken hearts, like other geese's swollen livers, are expensive luxuries. The affectation of piety too in this case renders it particularly dis- gusting. The papers have come at last, and the awful news they bring makes it seem almost sinful to have so impatiently expected them. Such a catas- trophe as the wreck of the Dunbar shows man his littleness. That "oak leviathan" melted "like the snowy flake into the yeast of waves"--crushed, almost literally, into powder, in a moment, by the ruthless sea! All the attendant circumstances, moreover, are so harrowing. The time--the place--peaceful slumber in the ship, sweet dreams of friendly hands to be clasped upon the morrow, proud dreams of coming fame and fortune; and then at the very entrance of the port, on the threshold, as it were, of home, the death the weary wanderers have dodged for 16,000 miles stands grinning horribly to think it has them yet, and seizes, at one fell swoop, its prey. As I write, see the waters brightly blue, and hear their low ripple on the shore; and I feel as I should towards a smooth-faced, soft-spoken, human traitor. For I hear, also, the thunder of the billow as it dashes the proud ship on the rocks, and the wild despairing shriek that rises above the fury of the storm; and I see the sharks at their bloody banquet, and corpses floating thick as sea-weed on the surge. May God have received the dead, and comfort those who mourn them! Tuesday Evening. SYDNEY ROAD TRUST.--The Governor-General, with the advice of the Executive Council, has appointed John Lucas, Esq., to be a Commissioner of the Sydney Road Trust. 